speed racer written by Larry &amp ; Andy wachowski 1st draft January 4th , 2007 int . elementary school classroom - day - past a batter sneaker tattooe with doodle of speed car and checker flag and the word " start you engine ! " beat up and down , a sewing machine needle of anxious , restless , adolescent energy . a pencil fill in the oval of a standardize test form , then hesitates , twitching with the speed of a hum bird wing catch between two finger , then be quickly erase as a different answer be choose . the form sheet be fill with smudge of uncertainty . a ten year old boy stare at the next question . test question Grace busy a bag of 240 jellybean . there be 35 yellow one , 52 red one , 63 green one , 26 white one , 41 blue one and 40 black one . if Grace want to eat one of each while keep she eye close , what be the minimum number she will have to eat ? his mouth try to make sense of the question but it 's not work . he look around at the other student quietly , diligently fill in they oval while he fidget , he leg beat , he pencil flutter , a pot jiggling its lid , about to boil over . he read the question again . greek. chinese . meaningless . he look up at the clock . the second hand sweep towards the 12 . then back at the test . something suddenly click . he stare at the clock , pencil poise , wait until the second hand hit the 12 and he 's off - fill in the oval faster than it seem he could possibly be read the question . int . teacher's office - day - past Mrs. racer sit across the desk from speed 's teacher . mom distracted 2 . continued : teacher no , that 's not exactly right . you son seem to be interested in only one thing . Mom know what 's come . teacher ( cont 'd ) all he talk about , all he seem capable of think about be automobile racing . mom well you know , he father design racing car . teacher and where be you husband ? mom he 's-work . he could not make it . teacher perhaps the apple have not fall very far from the tree . Mom be uncomfortable with that truth while the teacher glance back to she record . teacher ( cont 'd ) be you husband 's name rex ? mom no , rex be he older brother . why ? teacher this be the test he turn in last week . she hold up the scantron test that speed be work on . the bottom half of the oval be fill in to spell out : " go rex go ! " int . elementary school classroom - day - past speed have finish fill in the test and be now draw picture in the corner of the test booklet . he be draw little race car , . he flip a few of the page and we see a quick moment of he animation as two car collide . 3. continued : he continue to draw as the background of the classroom fade to white behind he , become the black corner that he be draw on . we watch the race go on in he head as hand - draw car battle each other head for a photo-finish . speed make the car noise himself include the jump sound as two car try to block the Mach 5 , smash into one another as -- the Mach 5 jump over and through the fiery crash , crossing the finish line still in the air . speed be lose in slow - motion revelry , make the sound of the roaring crowd . the teacher hear he and look up , frown as she see he lose in he fantasy world . a little girl with a pink barrette also hear he turn to watch he , a smile creep across she face ; there be no one in the entire school like he . the teacher be about to say something when the bell ring . speed snap out of he fantasy and leap up , in motion before anyone else . teacher alright , pencil down , bring you test -- thwack ! speed slap he down and be already head for the door . teacher ( cont 'd ) -- to my desk . Ham ! the door slam open and speed shoot out . teacher ( cont 'd ) speed racer , slow down ! ext . elementary school speed slide down the railing on he butt , a perpetual motion machine as he scan the street , smile as he see - across the street , lean against he hot rod , he big brother , rex racer . 4. continued : he pause crossing the street let two impossibly cool car pass by . here we begin to see the unique and individualized nature of the automobile in the world of speed racer . in this world , the grocery store parking lot look like a car collector show ; vintage and concept car be as ubiquitous as the camry be in we world . speed dash across the street , a tight parabolic arc around the car , he little head stick up like a shark fin circle until -- the car door pop open and snap shut . the seat - belt click into place before rex even have a chance to move . he lean over and look in the window . speed smile . rex . I take it you be ready to go ? speed nod . rex climb in beside he . rex ( cont 'd ) so , who be school ? young speed Fine . be you go to the track ? Mom say you be . you do not have to drop I off , I could just go with you . rex no way . he start the car and roadster growl to life . young speed oh , come on , take I with you . come on , please . rex I can not , speed . pop would kill I . young speed he do not have to know . I will not say anything . nobody will know . come on , please , rex , pleaseplease pleasepleasepleeeease . rex sigh , know there 's no way he can with this . 5 continued : ( 2 ) rex be you wear the sock ? lickety -split , speed stick he sneaker up against the dash board and pull back he pant leg revealing -- a bright red sock . rex ( cont 'd ) you roll we again and this will be the last time ? deal ? a ten year old 's grin spread ear to ear . young speed deal . int . thunderhead locker room - night - present a lone figure sit on a bench away from we ; he racing suit be unzip to the waist and he sit with he head down as though he be praying . he be wear a pair of bright red sock . after a moment , he pull he boot on , zip up he suit and stand look into the locker . propped against this glove be a photo of rex . this be speed ten year later . he take the photo and slide it into one of the zippere pocket of he suit . he grab he glove and slam the locker shut . ext . thunderhead raceway - night - past the first gen T - 180 scream along the metal raceway . int . car speed sit in rex 's lap , wear a too-big helmet , giggle with a child 's mad glee as he steer . ext . thunderhead raceway - night the car . bank up a wall and roar down , swoop past . 6 . int . car speed screech as though riding a roller coaster . rex feel that shimmy ? that 's you hind leg try to outrun you be front . speed what do I do ? rex stop steering and start drive . speed get serious , he lip tightening the way a hand knot into a fist . rex ( cont 'd ) this be not no dead piece a metal . a car 's a live breathe thing . she 's alive . you can feel she talk to you , tell you what she want , what she need . you just gotta listen . speed try to listen . rex ( cont 'd ) Close you eye and listen . speed do . rex ( cont 'd ) they say that Ben burn drive the last lap of the ' 68 vanderbilt Cup with he eye close . speed no way ! rex no ? well maybe you can not hear it then . maybe . you ought to start hit that book -- speed no ! I hear it ! rex that so ? okay Mr. burn , you tell I when to gas it for the jump . 7. continued : speed concentrate .. rex ( cont 'd ) now ? speed uh-uh . the jump glide towards they as the tire seem to whisper to speed . speed ( cont 'd ) now ! rex smile , hit the gas , launching the car into the air where it seem to hang fora moment before rush down at we as we cut -- ext . thunderhead raceway -= night - present the modern t-180 's come fly overhead , slamm down against the metal track , scatter bright burst of shoot spark in they wake . int . media row a long stretch of identical glass cubicle that look down at the raceway , where announcer 's from all over the globe provide color commentary for race fan . thunderhead be a relatively small track and the media-row should reflect that while it 's big enough to be cover in several different language , it be not nearly as important as the major . local announcer -- local fan favorite , speed racer be just gobble up this track , slip car after car -- harold lederman announcer -- no one seem able to lay a glove on this kid -- australian announcer -- clearly a rise star , with several big win since turn pro , though he remain without a major sponsor -- 8. continued : chinese announcer --a win tonight could put he within range of qualifying for the Grand prix -- french announcer -- let we hope he do not make the same mistake that he older brother make -- int . car Inside the cockpit of a racing car that feel more like a fighter jet , speed do the thing he be bear to do . though the vibration be enough to rattle molar loose , there be a calmness , a preternatural ease in speed 's manner that suggest this maelstrom of velocity be where he belong . he hear a voice in he headset . sparky head 's up , . speed ! Seven o'clock . I get snake draft . pitter-pat . speed look into he mirror and see a car with orange and black marking , stack up tight behind another car . speed I get he . ext . tech pit it be smaller than a typical crew pit since the car do not really pit . there be a panel like a sound mixing board fill with needle gauge and green-barred light meter . sparky be watch through binocular . sparky I figure he will slingshot after you in the next turn . speed I be ready . 9 . ext . thunderhead raceway - night the car explode into the next turn when snake use the draft to slingshot by the car ahead of he -- hurling like a bullet straight at speed as -- speed thumb a button on he steering wheel cause jack to shoot out of the bottom of the car and send it up into the air just as -- snake fly under it , careen into the bottom of the turn too tightly , bounce of the rail , out of control , ricochett back at speed as -- he turn he wheel , catch a part of snake 's car with the grace of a bull - fighter , send it spin away towards the other car while -- speed rocket free -- elicite a huge roar from the crowd . ext . tech pit sparky smile . sparky great move , speed . careful on the butterfly come up . you may wanna ease up -- speed not this time , sparky . ext . thunderhead raceway - night speed careen through a butterfly turn like there be a slot- guide in the track cause another crowd roar . they can feel that something special might be happen . ext . tech pit sparky check he stop watch . sparky Holy canoli , speed , you know who you be racing ? 10 . continued : he can see he . speed yeah ... just ahead , the ghost of he brother 's car launch up the second jump and when it come down we be back in the past . ext . thunderhead raceway - night - past rex drive the older model T - 180 , a man on a mission , dominate the race exactly like speed . ext . grandstand pop stand watch the race through binocular Young spped be beside he . young speed rex 's gonna win , be not he , pop ? pop check he watch but almost can not believe it . he go back to he binocular . young speed ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna win it . he 's gonna set the course record . nobody 's gonna catch he . pop quiet , speed ! there 's a lotta race to run . young spped no way . it 's over . my brother 's the best racer in the world . everybody else be run for second . the car rocket through the twisted mobius of steel . ext . crew pit blackjack benelli grab one of the crew chief , knotting he fist in the fabric of the path - cover cover alt . blackjack benelli I tell you to take he out ! 11 . continued : crew chief # 1 we be try , sir . he 's just too fast . ext . thunderhead raceway rex blaze by , the track rattling like a metal roller - coaster , open a even bigger lead . as we move around rex 's car , we see suddenly there be someone right behind he , a ghost car -- speed . as speed make he move , he pull we back into the present . int . media row - present the buzz be palpable . local announcer -- it 's unbelievable folk , no one 's see move like this , since that remarkable night eight year ago -- harold lederman announcer -- there 's no doubt in my mind , he 's gun for it -- australian announcer --drive like a man possess , a man haunt by he past --- chinese announcer --a record that have stand for eight year set by.his , older -- french announcer -- he be not alone out there , he be chase someone , he be chase the ghost of rex racer -- ext . grandstand in the glass of pop 's bino we can see the dim reflection of the two brother racing . 12 . continued : pop stand beside Mom . he be still watch the race with he trusty bino though he be now a little older , plumper and balder .. he click he stopwatch , check it at the same time that sprittle check he . sprittle stand on the chair next to he . sprittle jeeper , he could do it , pop . he could really do it , could not he ? pop go back to he bino . sprittle ( cont 'd ) what if he do ? what if he do it , pop ? pop sssh ! sprittle I do not know if I can watch this ... he hold the bino as though afraid to look when -- a hairy hand come in and take they away . chim -chim , sit on the chair next to sprittle , put the bino to he eye . speed fly through a piece of tricky track draw another cheer . sprittle grab the bino back just as the beautiful young woman , stand on the other side of pop , lower she . trixie chew at she lip , feel a knot twist into she gut . ext . suburban STREET - day - past the little girl wear the pink barrette be walk with a pack of girl , they little mouth as sharp as razor . in the distance we hear a high -pitch motorize whine . blonde pack leader my daddy tell I he use to work for the mishida motorwerk but he quit . ( more ) 13 . continued : blonde pack leader ( cont 'd ) my daddy say that be a completely crazy thing to do . he say the whole family be crazy . trixie speed 's not crazy . blonde pack leader no , he 's just dumb . probably the dumbest kid in class . Ms. waterstraat have I alphabetize the irb test and you would not believe what that retard do -- sock ! trixie deck she to the shock of the rest of the pack just as the whine grow very loud and -- speed come round the bend on a little go -cart , wear he too-big helmet make he big head seem ridiculously enormous . Zipping past , he suddenly notice the girl in the pink barrette stand over another girl ; there be something about she -- maybe it 's way she 's get she fist up , like a boy , or maybe it 's the . way she jaw be set , ready to take on anyone -- whatever it be , when they eye suddenly meet , he find he be unable to look away -- stare at she , as he drive off the road , crash through a hedge and tumble down a hill . trixie speed ! she run to help he . he be lay sprawle out , he car on its side , wheel still spin . trixie ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? he 's a bit groggy . speed . who be you ? trixie I be trixie . I be in you class . 14 . continued : ( 2 ) speed .oh .yeah . he stare at she for a minute , powder - puff of cloud float about she head . speed ( cont 'd ) he , would you like to see my car collection she smile . trixie I would love to . int . pop' garage pop and rex be work on the T -180 . rex be in a wife - beater , up to he elbow in axel grease . the sound of a angry bee hive fill the room as speed drive up through the big open door . speed hey , rex . hey pop . re X hey , speedy . pop who 's you friend ? speed her name 's trixie . she 's in my class . trixie hi. pop pleasure to meet you , young lady . speed hey pop , a guy want I to give this to you . he say he be a big fan . he hand he the package and pop smile . pop a fan , be it ? not often we get someone with such good taste around here . where be he ? 15 . continued : speed he be in a hurry . driving a ' 68 fendersin . sweet set. of wheel . the car description ring a bell for rex . rex let I see that . he grab the box , then hold it to he ear . it 's tick . he jam it into the go-cart , against the pedal and slap it in reverse . the go --.cart shoot out of the garage and down the driveway until -- it explode , a enormous fireball balloon up past the tree top . trixie 's eye flash with excitement . trixie cool bean ! ext . thunderhead raceway - night - present feeling the storm of emotion that she know speed must be feel , she take a deep breath and raise the bino back up . through the magnify lense we see speed fly around the track . int . media row they be riding the story like speed be drive the track . local announcer -- no one from this part will forget the tragic story of rex racer -- harold lederman announcer -- he nearly ruin racing -- australian announcer -- single - handedly try to save racing -- 16 . continued : chinese announcer -- one of the great scandal in the history of the sport -- french announcer -- it be always the brightest star that burn out the fastest -- ext . thunderhead raceway - night speed blister through the high - bank slalom and it seem at first that he be all alone but then we see the trace effect as we realize that the two car be make perfectly identical move until -- they bank into a straightaway , split apart , like a shadow suddenly cut free as both car accelerate -- neck and neck , the past a mirror of the present . young speed ( v.0 . ) can I go with you , re int . rex's room - night - past Young speed watch as rex pack he bag . rex not this time , speedy . speed when be you come back ? rex I do not know . I do not know . he snap the bag shut . rex ( cont 'd ) look , speed ... one day people might say thing about I . no matter what they say , I hop ... I just hope you never believe they . speed I will not . he hug he little brother , know it might be for the last time . 17 . int . racer live room rex head for the door but pop be wait for he . pop so , you be quit ? rex I have to . pop no you do not . this be a choice . you be sell out , walk away from everything we have build here . rex I be do argue with you pop . he turn back towards the door . pop do not you walk away from I ! rex you can not tell I what to do . it 's my life to live . he take hold of the doorknob . pop if you walk out that door , you better not ever come back ! the door slam in response . ext . thunderhead raceway - night present speed and the ghost of he brother cross , switch position as the memory come faster and faster . int . racer live room - night - past speed sit on the floor , glue to the television , on watch a big race that rex be in . Mom and pop be the couch behind he . all of they sit in .a suspend state , a fist of tension squeezing the breath out of they . one the screen , be a cloud of smoke billow from a tangle of metal . 18 . continued : rally announcer ( v.0 . ) rex racer riving the black and red uniron car , get in a tangle with richenhbach , who have be favore to win - - color announcer ( v.o. ) that be no tangle , he take richenbach out -- rally announcer we do not know that but I imagine the wrl will be review this crash . color announcer that 's the third dnf crash racer 's be involved in ! Review it ? heck , the oughta just suspend he . pop turn it off , speed ! I do not want you watch this anymore . ext . thunderhead raceway - night - present speed tighten he grip on the wheel . int . young speed' bedroom speed be hide beneath the blanket , the sound of a small portable television barely audible . race announcer rex racer almost take yokima 's head off wit that jump ! race commentator there 's absolutely no doubt in my mind that rex racer be the dirtiest driver in the world . lit by the soft glow of the small tv , speed blink and the first tear slip silently down he cheek . ext . thunderhead raceway - night - present his jaw lock , as he remain trap between two different force . 19 . ext . school yard - day - past Young speed be clobber a kid who be twice he size . a teacher finally pull they apart . big mouth I just tell he the truth ! his crum - bum brother do not belong on a racetrack -- he belong in jail ! speed tear free and torpedoe Big mouth again . ext . thunderhead raceway - night - present the two car continue to dance around each other . int . media row local announcer -- the trial of rex racer shook the World Racing League to tis very foundation --- harold lederman announcer -- once a rat , always a rat and in my book rex racer 's nuthin ' but a rat -- australian announcer -- the indictment bring down perennial racing powerhouse uniroyal -- chinese announcer -- uniroyal be link to the notorious fixer blackjack benelli -- french announcer --still in prison to this day , benelli be rumor to be behind the casa cristo tragedy -- the two car swerve , head for a collision as we cut -- int . racer live room - night - past Mom , pop , sparky , trixie and speed be all watch the race on the television . 20 . continued : something happen and Mom drop she glass . it shatter but no one seem to notice . Young speed be transfix by the horror of what be play out , the image of fire and flash light , reflect in he eye . casa cristo announcer this have to be one of the worst crash I have ever see -- casa cristo commentator terrible , just terrible --- casa cristo announcer there be still no sign of the driver , rex racer . ext . thunderhead raceway -- night - present speed press down on the accelerator and start to gain , fight the emotion welling behind he eye . int . young speed' bedroom - past held by he mother , speed sob and sob while pop stand helplessly at the door . ext . thunderhead raceway - night - present speed again pull even with rex as the finish line come into view . tnt . media row local announcer -- he 's comin'hard , it 's gonna be close -- harold lederman announcer -- forget the past , he 's sayin ' , this be my night -- australian announcer -- there 's a new racer in town -- chinese announcer -- poise to wipe the slate clean -- 21 . continued : french announcer --escape the dark shadow of he older brother -- the checker flag go up , ready as the two car come scream towards the finish line -- the large digital clock seemingly synchronize with the past as --. speed look over at the ghost car , the faintest smile on he lip as he see he older brother and then -- take he foot off the accelerator , let rex 's car surge ahead , crossing just before speed . the time be just over the record cause disappointment to ripple through the crowd except for -- the racer family who seem both relive and happy . sprittle come on , let 's go ! Victory Lane ! int . media row they seem exhaust . french announcer Zut alor ! what a race ! chinese announcer -- by a cat 's whisker -- australian announcer -- the record still stand -- harold lederman announcer -- look like he pull up to I -- local announcer -- folk , I know rex racer and if he 's up there somewhere watch this race , you can bet you ass , he 's damn proud of he little brother . int . racer x's penthouse - night wall of glass overlook a galaxy of . twinkle cityscape ; a penthouse create as a diamond be create , every face a perfect stroke of precision . 22. continued : a beautiful woman wear nerdy - glass sit watch the television from the leather banquette . she have a body make of the same kind of line that a sport car or a high -heel have , line that make you head turn . this be minx . beside she be a brood , muscle man , he attention we do not rivete as speed pull into Victory Lane . though see he face , this be racer X . minx he ' go to be very good . racer X no . he 's go to be the best . the crowd swarm around speed 's car . racer X ( cont 'd ) if they do not destroy he first . ext . racer house - morning the phone be ringing . int . kitchen to the Mom be . cooking breakfast . before she can get phone , sprittle grab it . sprittle racer residence . corporate agent good morning , I be hope to speak with speed racer . sprittle he 's not interested . he hang up . mom sprittle ! spr ittle it 's true ! mom that 's not for you to say . 23 continued : sprittle speed 's gotta drive for pop ! mom that 's for speeed to decide . the phone ring again . sprittle grab it quickly . sprittle hello ? corporate agent # 2 be this the racer residence ? he glance at Mom . sprittle nope . he hang up . shrug . sprittle ( cont 'd ) wrong number . int . parent bedroom pop be do he exercise in he gray sweat . int . speed' room BEN speed now sleep in rex 's old room . the poster of burn be still tack to the wall above the bed . Mom open the door . mom come on , champ . rise and shine . Breakfast 's ready . to the speed 's hair . seem to remain asleep , still mold pillow as he try to push himself up . speed . I be up , I be up . int . kitchen the Mom spatulas another short stack of pancake from griddle and shovel they like coal into the blaze maw of a locomotive , dump they onto the plate of sprittle and chim-chim . 24 . continued : they eat ravenously , try to secretly steal food from each other 's plate while pop read from the Racing News . pop " it be a virtuoso display of talent , the like of which have not be see at thunderhead since racer the elder drop jaw eight . year ago . now , as we once again , pull we collective jaw up from the floor , we have to ask , will it be different this time , or will tragedy -- mom that 's enough of that , hon . pop put down the paper and sparky pick it up . sparky I just can not believe there be not one mention of racer motor in there . pop that 's because the sponsor run the media , sparky . trixie enter through the back door . trixie mornin ' everyone . be speed up yet ? speed stumble in the door . speed . in spirit anyway . trixie hey superstar , do you see the papers ? they be all in love with you . speed really ? he sit , grab the paper . sparky yeah , but there sure be a lot of speculation about which team 's go to pick he up 25 . continued : ( 2 ) speed .really ? speed start to read and suddenly the room begin to rumble , glass shaking , plate rattling . pop what the --? sprittle earthquake ! he and chim -chim begin wail in panic . sprittle ( cont 'd ) Quick , under the table ! into the door-frame ! pop sprittle calm down ! speeed pop the kitchen 's the most dangerous room in a house during a earthquake ! the whole table shiver and it seem the hang ceiling light might shake free when the tremor begin to subside . sprittle and chim-chim , wear a pot and a metal colander for protection , look around , expect something bad to happen . the house become pin-prick quiet when -- the doorbell ring . int . live room pop open the door to a face full of turbine exhaust from the private k- harrier jet park on they front lawn . on they doorstep be a extremely well dress older man carry a bouquet of flower and box of cigar . his smile be as bright and shiny as a surgeon 's scalpel . he say , " good morning , Mr. and Mrs. racer " but no once can hear he over the howl of the turbine . he gesture , ask permission to come in . pop let he by and close the door , immediately reduce the noise . 26 . continued : well dressed man Mr. and Mrs. racer , I hope you will forgive this imposition . he hand she the beautiful bouquet of flower . well dressed man ( cont 'd ) this be blue-belles from eden Inc . I be tell the will bloom at least three time , each time a different color . . Mom " ohhh " she appreciation , while he hand over the box of cigar . well dressed man ( cont 'd ) and Mr. racer this be for you , straight form the Isle of kamut . Hand -roll . premium blend . they glance at each other , a bit takenaback . pop uh , thanks but ... who be you ? he seem to rise up a inch taller as he introduce himself . well dressed man I be e.p. Arnold remmingtonton esquire , President and Chairman of remmington industry and it be my honor to meet you both . he reach for pop ' free hand . remmington Mr. racer , I have be a ardent admirer of you work for year . I remember the first time I see the prototype for the Mach - 1 , I tell everyone that it do not belong on a race track , it belong in a art museum . pop chuckle . pop yeah , she be a beaut . remmington no , sir . she be a revelation . he suddenly smell the pancake . 27 . continued : ( 2 ) remmington ( cont 'd ) oh , dear . I interrupt you breakfast . be that pancake , I smell ? mom be you hungry , Mr. remmington ? remmington a figure like mine require constant attention , Mrs. racer . mom do you like pancake ? remmington when I be a child we use to say , " pankuken zin liesben . " neither of they speak german . remmington ( cont 'd ) pancake be love . int . kitchen remmington stuff another forkful into he mouth and moan he appreciation . sprittle and chim -- chim sit on either side of he , they gunsel eye train on he every move . remmington gorgeous , Mrs. racer . superb density . hint of vanilla . cinnamon . absolutely gorgeous . mom I be glad you like they . remmington like they ? I want to - buy you recipe . he take out he hand hold computer and being make note . mom I can give you the recipe , Mr. remmington . 28 . continued : remmington nonsense . cenestro Foods , a sub - division of remmington industry be plan a new range of home - cook meal for traveler and this be just the kind of magic we be look for . I will have my attorney draw up the paperwork . Mom look at pop feel flatter but again a distinct discomfort . remmington ( cont 'd ) now , then . we all know the reason I be here be because of you , speed . I be watch last night and I have to tell you young man , you give I goosebump . I know at once , this be no mere driver I be watch . this be a artist . speed 's ear go a bit red . speed Driver 's only as good as the car . remmington I appreciate modesty , speed but I do not exaggerate when be ay that you be a genius . watch you remind I of why I love racing and I be grateful for that . thank you . speed you be welcome , I guess . remmington I imagine the phone have be ringing off the hook . sprittle speed 's not interest in drive for you or any other sponsor . remmington be this you manager then ? mom he 's we youngest . sprittle . remmington Nice to meet you , youngster . 29 . continued : ( 2 ) remmington offer he hand but sprittle do not take it . sprittle we get out eye on you , mister . remmington excellent . the first thing I want to make perfectly clear be that I have no intention whatsoever of try to get speed away from racer motor . what you have here be what team spend year and million of dollar try to achieve : chemistry . car designer , mechanic and driver all come together in perfect , harmony . I would not dare touch a thing . speed well , excuse I for ask , but what do you want ? remmington to help . I want to make sure you have access to whatever resource you need to continue do exactly what you be do . pop I assume , Mr. remmington that you be not talk about philanthropy . remmington chuckle . remmington I like when my partner have a sense of humor . and that 's what I be talk about . a partnership . a alliance between you amazing family and mine . that 's exactly what remmington industry be to I , a family . like yours . just a little bigger . pop be not exactly buy it . pop no offense , remmington but racer Motors run as a independent . remmington none take . I completely understand . I sympathize . ( more ) 30 . continued : ( 3 ) remmington ( cont 'd ) Strike that -- I sympathize . you may think of R. I . as a huge corporate conglomerate but I will have you know sire , that I still remember work all night on a commodore 64 in the basement of my foster parent ' home . I build r.i. from below the ground up . so while remmington industry may look like a Major sponsor to you , it remain in my heart as independent to I as the first day I quit my job at globocom to work for myself . they be be stunne into silence , while remmington press on . remmington ( cont 'd ) now I have have this wonderful opportunity to meet you family . all I be ask be for you to please give I the chance to introduce you to.mine . ext . cosmopolis - day the k-harrier drift through the polygonal mountain range where glitter minaret of steel and glass crown tower cathedral of commerce . helicopter swarm like pollinate bee in summer field . the vista be fill with the icon of every conceivable business in very conceivable language . it be a landscape that merge the pop-art sensibility of Warhol with the urban sprawl of blade runner . int . k-harrier . Wood panele elegance surround the family who sit in overstuff seat as soft and padded as cloud . they can not help but gawk out the window as they float through the city . mom I have never fly so low through the city . remmington special permit . only six of they be grant a year . 31 . continued : sprittle and chim -chim be gawk at something else : the vertical pull - out drawer line with every kind candy in the world . flight attendant take whatever you like . he look at she for a moment like be in love , then turn back to the drawer where he and chim -chim lunge for it , push each other back . pop sprittle ! sprittle she say we could ! pop growl at he , he eye tell they they would better not take more than one piece . hang -dogge head , they each grab one piece of candy ? pop what do you say ? sprittle thank you . she close the drawer , they eye see through the rack , watch paradise disappear as though a mirage . sparky hey , there 's the Grand prix coliseum ! sprittle and chim-chim rush to sparky 's window . they can see the entire track and even from this height it seem enormous . sprittle turn to remmington . sprittle my brother 's go to win the Grand prix one day . remmington 's eye glint . remmington no doubt in my mind ; young man . give the right circumstance , I have no doubt whatsoever . 32 . ext . remmington industries power gleam off every surface and line of the strata - scape . the k- harrier glide gracefully down to the private landing pad . int . hanger / foyer a entourage of assistant wait like puppy at the door . among they be a gorgeous woman with the kind of smile that put people immediately at ease . remmington this be gennie . she 's we talent manager . ask for anything , she job 's to make it come true . gennie hi , speed . welcome to remmington . he shake she hand while she signal to another man who immediately begin scan speed with a electronic measure device . speed what 's this ? remmington to make a inform decision you will need to understand how we take care of we driver . the tailor finish quickly as a electric cart , the kind design for a group tour pull up . remmington ( cont 'd ) all abroad . sprittle cool !. they climb on and the driver pull into the tramway . int . tramway this well light hallway be extra wide with lot of color guide line on the floor like . in a hospital . 33. continued : there be a lot of sign , directional and advertisement hawk the widely varied remmington product . the red line lead to door emblazon with " restricted access . " there be a fair bit of hustle and bustle , like a busy street as golf cart , seg-ways and motorize scooter zip to and for . no one walk . remmington remmington Tower be the crown jewel among the property that I control . it function as the corporate headquarters for he top twelve division of we parent corp . one big industry family . the turn a corner head for a large set of door with the double " R " logo of remmington racecar . remmington ( cont 'd ) of all the 143 company that I control , none of they be as dear to my heart as the T - 180 division . the door open as they enter --- int . remmington car museum Cars from the golden Age through to the present surround the pathway , dangle in midair or mount in situ - diorama , each carefully light with spotlight like work of art or precious gem . remmington I have always feel that it be impossible to peer into the window of tomorrow without a clear view of the past . sprittle that 's the Crystal horse with the Apache Super -- charger ! remington winner of the Grand prix in ' 69 , ' 70 and ' 73 . 34 . continued : sprittle no. wrong. ' 72 . ' 71 be the vundervopper with the k - 2 twin turbine and ' 73 be the kenobe motorstar re-built with a VC ; triple chamber . remmington consider argue . speed do not bother . he 's never wrong . they pass out of the museum . int . tramway the hall widen allow a special lane that lead out onto a observation deck that over look the main T - 180 factory . the bank of window overlook the enormous facility . it be a state of the art assembly line that rise vertically , instead of horizontally . the chassis arrive at the bottom and be bear up by a mechanical arm , rotate as each platform assemble the next piece . the far wall be nothing but glass provide a sun - drappled_vista of cosmopolis . remington we vertically integrate plant be the fastest in the world . from initial carbon bond to finish car in 36 hour . how long do it take at racer Motors ? sparky several week at least . remmington turn to pop . remington this kind of production facility could be at you disposal , Mr. racer . the cart motor hum and slide back onto the tramway . 35 . int . energy-cell theatre the next view stage be a window into the vacuume - seal laboratory where they construct the " engine " that power the T -180 's turbine . it look like a operate theatre with several robotic arm and a cluster of auto-surgeon operate inside seal perspec chamber . remmington this be we operate theater where we patent refusion Energy distributor Network be install in the turbine drive . sparky 's eye light up . sparky be that a inner-positive transponder ? remmington it be indeed . sparky shoot a look at pop . remmington ( cont 'd ) we control the only transponder foundry in the world outside of mushi Motors in taiobi . the window suddenly turn into a mirror . remmington ( cont 'd ) oops. sorry . Trade secret . int . tramway the cart arrive at a elevator station , and the driver press a signal control the door open immediately . int . elevator the driver punch in a floor and door direction code ( north , south , east , west ) and the elevator begin to rise while the dais in the floor begin to spin align they with a different door . 36 . continued : remmington now , I will take you up to the team remmington training facility . the west door open and the cart glide out into a new tramway which be not as industrial feel as the first one , decorate with a vinyl wainscot and slightly up - grade light . the higher you go in the remmington Tower , the nicer the hall be decorate . int . training aquarium the cart glide by a series of window that reveal the rigorous training system invent to test the driver . the first be a multi-level , state - of - the - art fitness facility in which the far wall again look out into cosmopolis . Beyond the standard health club fare , there be a martial Arts gymnastics group in a stand pyramid . there be also a range of strange device range from the retro steamer box , medicine ball and vibrate belt to the hyper- modern triple axis gyro harness . remmington as you know , a T - 180 driver 's get to be in peak physical condition . across from the gym be a smaller window where the typical anaerobic test be be conduct on a female driver . she be run on a treadmill with lose of wire hook up to she while several doctor not they approval at the read - out . remmington ( cont 'd ) no expense be spare to make sure that when we driver 's suit up they be as perfectly tune as the machine they be control . the next window be a massive centrifuge ; a huge mechanical arm whipping around a small capsule that blast past the window . remmington ( cont 'd ) the best driver must be able to withstand over 4 - gs of force in a typical race . 37 . continued : on the opposite wall be the vibration chamber . a man be strapped to a chair that be vibrate so hard you expect he eyeball to rattle out . the next window be a underwater tank where a man be drive in a mock up cockpit , execute pedal maneuver and gear shift . remington ( cont 'd ) the will to win be nothing without the will to prepare and at team remmington we prepare we driver for any eventuality and every possible condition . the final window be the weather chamber where a driver be again in a mock cockpit , blue-lipped and shiver while snow and wind buffet he . int . elevator the door open and the craft glide in . remmington I hope I do not care you , speed with how hard we push we team . I just want you to see how serious we be commit to win . speed I get that . remmington good . but also understand that R.I . be not all work and no play . the door open revealing the driver ' Club . int . driver ' club a swanky playboy -style casino club where , stylishly dress male and female driver be cater to by beautiful male and female " hostess . " sprittle 's eye almost pop out . sprittle that 's cannonball Taylor ! speed urn and see the Captain of the remmington team . 38 continued : remmington stop the cart . Jack ! Jack , come here . there 's someone I want you to meet . cannonball saunter over , wear he two goiter-size , diamond - encrust champion ring . remmington ( cont 'd ) speed racer allow I to introduce two - time Grand prix winner , five time wrl Champion and future Hall of famer , Jack cannonball Taylor . speed honor to meet you . canonball caught that thunderhead replay . Nice piece of work . speed wow , thanks . canonball there be a rumor you might be visit . speed it 's pretty impressive . canonball only thing I care about be that wall over there . he gesture to a special wall fitte with the trophy and medal win by team remmington through the year . canonball ( cont 'd ) that ' what sell I . you want to win in this league , you be talk to the right guy . remmington beam . remmington thanks , Jack . Jack nod and the cart pull away but not before Jack shoot a backward glance at speed that feel like a shank in a prison yard . 39 . int . penthouse the door open and remmington lead the family into the penthouse suite leave the cart behind . Standard jaw - drop view , decorate in a upscale masculine aesthetic . sparky whistle and whisper to speed . sparky Long way from nob Hill , eh ? remmington we treat we thoroughbred the way they deserve to be treat . he guide they into the room gesture or demonstrate all of the amenity . remmington ( cont 'd ) there 's full may service of course with a personal chef and a masseuse available 24 / 7 . the staff arrive , wheeling in several rack of clothes : daywear , sportswear , racing uniform and stylish evening wear . gennie hold up one of the suit to speed . gennie should be perfect . try it on . trixie mmm hmm ! speed .okay . he head to the bathroom . take Mom by the elbow , remmington gesture to the sit area over - look cosmopolis . remmington so Mrs. racer , what do you think about my family ? impress ? mom you could say that . 40 . continued : remmington good . I want you to understand the possibility that exist for you son right now . pop furrow he brow . remmington ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong Mr. racer ? pop to be honest , remmington , I be feel more intimidate than impressed . this kind of company scare I . people like you have way too much money and when someone have this kind of money , they start think that the rule everyone else be play by do not mean squat to they . remmington remain skillfully unfaze . pop ( cont 'd ) however , my son be the most important thing I have ever do in my life , besides marrying my best friend and if speed want we to figure out some kind of ... " alliance " then you can bet you ass we will be in business . speed step out of the bathroom . his boyishness have fade away as he suddenly seem very much a man . gennie smile approvingly . trixie hubba hubba . he walk over to the sit area . mom oh honey , you look so handsome . speed yeah ? remmington very sharp , speed . suit you perfectly . regardless of what happen , I want you to have all of it . a gift . 41 . continued : ( 2 ) speed thanks , Mr. remmington . remmington so , how be you feel speed ? speed be not sure . he look at trixie and sparky and then at he parent . speed it 's very ... impressive . remmington smile . remmington you think that maybe there 's something that could work out here ? everyone wait , stare at he . speed I guess I would like to think about it , if I .could . have really remmington 's a fisherman not sure if the hook be set . remmington this be not the kind of offer I go around make ever day , son . speed I understand that , sir ... he look to pop then take a deep breath as though try to find he resolve . speed ( cont 'd ) so if I have to give a answer now then , to be honest -- remmington stop . right there . you be right . you should think about it . I be sure you be feel a bit overwhelm . you should take a little time . think about what you see and hear here and we will get together early next week . deal ? he reach he hand out and speed take it with some obvious relief . 42 . continued : ( 3 ) speed deal . int . cruncher block's office whack ! whack ! whack ! a thug soundly slap the face ofa handsome japanese man . when the beat be over , the japanese man slump forward , he arm behind he back . cruncher ithought we have a deal ... when he hear the voice , he lift he head and we see a huge man with a body like a cement - line safe , sit behind a desk , lighting a cigar . this well - dress fixer be cruncher block . cruncher ( cont 'd ) I think we be friend . he blow a cloud of smoke and watch it float up to the chandelier which be jiggling steadily . cruncher ( cont 'd ) maybe where you come from , this be how you treat you friend , but 'round here we do not take to kindly to this kind of thing , do we fella ? thug # 1 step in and wail away on he again . thug # 1 you hurt we feeling ! cruncher Problem be , I like you katsu . cruncher grin , he tooth like stack dice . cruncher ( cont 'd ) and I get a real soft spot in my heart for that sister of yours . he begin open a large package wrap with butcher paper . - Inside be a bloody rack of rib . 43. continued : cruncher ( cont 'd ) normally in a situation such as this we would be pour you a nice comfy pair of cement shoe , but ... he stand and go to the large glow fish tank that be behind the desk . cruncher ( cont 'd ) I think I get another solution .. he dip the bloody meat into the tank fill with piranha . the water foam as the carnivorous fish shred flesh from bone . cruncher ( cont 'd ) how're my baby do ? huh ? hungry ? ready for second ? boy ! they grab katsu and haul he to the fishtank . katsu no ! thug # 2 hope dem fish like japanese . katsu no , please ! thug # 1 gonna be hard to drive with skellie hand . cruncher take hold of katsu 's jaw . cruncher you even think about turn rat and next time it 's you sister go in there . a they begin force he hand into the tank when suddenly red light begin flash . everyone freeze . cruncher grab the phone on he desk . cruncher ( cont 'd ) what ?! 44 . int . ' truck cab we realize that cruncher 's office be in the trailer of a semi-truck which be cruise down a empty rural highway . truck driver someone 's tailing we . int . cruncher block's office cruncher signal to the man at the far end of the room who be guard the door . the guard slide open a peek - a - boo slot and see a pair of headlight . cruncher be it he ? door guard it could be . cruncher go to the phone . cruncher can you see he yet ? truck driver here he come -- the car pull up even with the cab and the driver feel he gut clench as he recognize the infamous car of racer x. truck driver ( cont 'd ) oh God ... cruncher get he ! everyone leap into action , shove katsu back into a chair . fill they fist with gun , slide open murder hole slot at a variety of height . cruncher bark into the phone . cruncher ( cont 'd ) crush he ! int . truck cab the driver screw he jaw tight and throw the wheel to smash into the smaller car -- 45 . continued : but the little black tinted bug flit away with effortless ease , dance out in front of the truck . int . cruncher block's office cruncher flip over the top of he desk revealing the control for a mini-machine gun locate on the bottom of the truck . he grab the control which be link to a infrared sighting camera . cruncher where be he ? int . truck cab the driver watch the red tail - light glow like demon eye . truck driver he 's out front . int . cruncher block's office cruncher , hit another button and he front grill of the truck open , drop the lower half like the double - hinge jaw of a snake . a Apache helicopter - style rocket launcher thrust out of the darkness . cruncher sight the car . cruncher gotcha . he fire a mini-rocket straight at the manta-finn car -- but with a quick feint leave the rocket skim by , explode further down the highway . something flash on the back car as hide tube iris open and the barrel of several weapon extend out . truck driver here he come ! cruncher fire again , the red rocket just miss , rending open the tree line with a fireball . 46 . continued : the little car drop back alongside the truck and fire , bullet burst tire and puncture through the wall of the truck . the truck lurch as the thug fire wildly at the black car . cruncher try to site the machine gun but just as he open fire -- the black car slow , draw the chase gun fire until cruncher shoot he own tire . cruncher aww , I think you fix that ! the black car fire again , bullet ricochete inside , puncture a hole in the fish tank . thug # 1 boss ! cruncher my baby ! he run to the fish tank and try to stop the water pour out of the hole . he stick he finger in and the fish immediately attack . he shriek withdraw he finger . cruncher ( cont 'd ) vinny put you finger in there ! vinny do not want to . cruncher ( cont 'd ) do it ! int . truck cab the truck swerve as the driver struggle to control the behemoth wobble on its blow tire . truck driver we can not take another hit boss ! int . cruncher block's office cruncher think fast over vinny 's scream . he look at katsu and immediately know what he have to do . 47 . continued : cruncher pull over but do not stop . ext . lonely highway the truck slow , ease onto the shoulder as the black car follow . the back of the truck slide up and the gangster toss katsu out , leave he behind with a spray of gravel . katsu look up into the glaring light of the black car . a car door open . boot crunch gravel as someone walk toward we silhouett by car light . it be the mask racer himself --- racer x . int . racer x's car katsu be in the passenger seat as the car hum quietly down the empty highway . katsu thank you . you save my life . racer X I do not save anything worth save unless you get smart . Real fast . racer talk without look at he . racer X ( cont 'd ) you think you could take on the cartel . you can not . not without help . katsu I do not know what ' you be talk about . racer X you win the cortex invitational and you be not suppose to . you do it to save okamoto Engineering . katsu it have belong to my family for five generation . 48 . continued : racer X and now someone else want it . the only way you can stop it from happen be to talk to the authority . katsu there be nothing to talk about . racer X you have be on cruncher block 's leash for . so long maybe you forget how it feel to stand up and be a man . the only way you will ever stop this people be to bring they to justice . katsu justice / that 's a commodity I do not waste money on . racer X immediately pull he car over . racer X get out . wearing he smirk like a cheap suit , katsu get out . katsu I will see you at Fuji . racer X you will not finish . when you lose , if you can still dial a phone , call this number . he hand he a card . the card read ; chief inspector detector . int . elementary school classroom kid sprittle be work hard on a test when he hear the behind he whisper . danny hey monkey - lover , show I you test or I will kick you ass after school . sprittle sorry . cheater never prosper . the kid to the leave chime in . 49 . continued : malcom spriiiitle , when chim -chim 's bad , do you spank the monkey ? sprittle no , you mother do it for I . malcom almost swallow he tongue as several other kid snicker .. teacher all right ! malcom ! Danny ! sprittle ! to the principal 's office . March ! there be a chorus of , " I do not do it , awwww , not fair . " teacher ( cont 'd ) now ! ext . elementary school . the same school that speed attend but now where rex use to wait , speed be lean against the Mach - 5 . chim - chim be sit next to he . the bell ring and the student begin pile out . when the last few tumble down the stair , chim -chim emit a small , sad whine . speed look like someone 's in trouble again . int . mach 5 it 's later and they be drive home . sprittle stare out the window , mumble , identify make , model , and engine of pass car . speed want to talk about it ? sprittle shake he head . sprittle k-w integral 4 - door with twin-cam turbine ... c- foster - k 1200 , modify split-rail and supershock ... 50 . continued : speed be it that stanton kid again ? do he say something ? if you want to kick he butt --? he shake he head again . sprittle . it do not seem fair that I get in trouble , when they always start it . speed it 's not fair . but that 's what bully do . they make the world unfair . sprittle that suck . speed yes , it do . sprittle what can I do about it ? speed you ignore them when you can , fight them when you can not . sprittle that choice suck too . speed yeah , but just try to keep one thing in mind . sprittle what ? speed bully come and go but a family can torture you forever . chim - chim give sprittle a wet-willy . sprittle heeeeeey ! speed laugh as chim -chim howl and then put he arm around sprittle . 51 . continued : ( 2 ) speed but no joke , you just say the word , little brother and we get you back , right chim -chim ? chim - chim grunt . sprittle thanks guy . int . remmington industries t-180 factory remmington watch a grx roll off the assembly line . with he be Mr. mushi , a businessman with eye as sharp as break glass . remmington the new grx have a super charge inner-positive transporter and will be capable of speed in excess off 800 kilometer a hour . mushi nod . mushi if such a car be to win the Grand prix this year , one would expect the demand for transponder to increase dramatically . remmington one would expect . mushi and if a single company gain control of all the transponder foundry in the world , one might expect that company to do very well for itself . remmington you know what I want and I know that for the last few year you have be try to buy out you main rival tetsua okamoto . the question be , can we make a deal ? the car rotate , rise up on its mechanical arm , a cybernetic giant , exercise its might . 52 . continued : mushi deliver okamoto at that price and the taiobi transponder foundry be yours . remmington done . remington smile as they shake hand . int . mach 5 speed and trixie lie with seat all the way back , car - watch the sink sun tye- dye the sky behind the scape of freeway . trixie you be really consider signing with remmington . speed I just say it be tempting . trixie why ? speed well , they get a really good team .. cannonball Taylor , markie manifold . they win a lot of major . trixie since when do win become so important ? speed it be important . you gotta win if you want to keep drive and that 's what I want to do . it 's the only thing I really know how to do . when I be drive , I feel like that 's the only time my life make sense . she move closer to he . trixie you mean , this do not make sense to you ? speed okay , besides be with you . 53. continued : trixie so you like be with I ? speed you know I do . trixie sometimes I do , sometimes I be not so sure . speed what ? trixie sometimes around you family , you seem distant , not like this and I wonder why . speed come on , you know how I have feel about you since I be ten year old . trixie I guess so , I just wish you be not so shy about it . speed what do you want I to do ? kiss you in front of everyone at the end of a big race ? trixie would that be so terrible ? speed I do not know . maybe we should practice first . trixie maybe we should . they start to kiss when they hear a mute voice . sprittle oh God ! I be gonna hurl ! huuuurrrl ! trixie sprittle ? speed no ! 54 . continued : ( 2 ) speed jump out of the car . speed ( cont 'd ) he do not ! he throw open the trunk , revealing sprittle and chim -chim who shriek . speed ( cont 'd ) sprittle ! sprittle it be not my idea ! speed oh no ? sprittle it be he ! he point at chim -chim who shake he head wildly , point back at sprittle . trixie wait till we tell pop . sprittle no ! do not do that ! we be sorry . we could not sleep . we just want to hang out . we do not know you be go to in-spew-ration Point . by the way , cootie-shot . sprittle and chim-chim immediately cover one shoulder give themselves a cootie-shot . speed I be take you home . sprittle wait , wait , wait -- speed slam   the trunk shut so we hear sprittle voice muffle sprittle ( cont 'd ) can we stop for ice cream first ? int . racer garage Close on a curving piece of bodywork that pop be sand . when he look up , speed be in the room . 55 . continued : he be carry a brown paper sack . pop Morning , speed . speed pop . pop so , today 's the big day . speed nod . pop put down he tool . pop ( cont 'd ) I know this be a tremendous opportunity for you . speed it could be for you too . pop could be , could be . but , regardless , this be really all about you . it ' you decision and I want you to know , no matter what you decide , I be behind you . speed thanks , pop . the room begin to shake . pop I think you ride 's here . int . k--harrier like speed stare out the window , chew on he decision a dog worry a bone . int . remmington industries landing dock be gennie greet speed as he debark from the plane . he carry he brown sack . 56 . continued : gennie speed , so nice to see you again . her , eye and the softness of she touch elevate flirt to something that be equal part art and science . gennie ( cont 'd ) Mr. remmington be so excited about this meeting . he have not talk about anything else all week . speed sigh . int . k-harrier the cabin be dark and still . slowly , almost supernaturally , a drawer begin to slide open . two head pop up . sprittle and chim -chim be wear cat - burglar clothes with match ski-mask . the coast be clear , so they sneak over to the galley . they stare at the drawer like a safe - cracker eyeing the dial of a combination lock . sprittle carefully pull back the latch spring the drawer . it slide open , light internally , candy gleam like jewel . the breath rush out of they . int . remmington's office the office sit atop the strata-scraper , surround by commanding view of cosmopolis . speed arrive via the elevator and remmington break into a beam . smile . remmington speed ! gennie leave speed , return to the elevator , as remmington cross to he . he hug he remmington ( cont 'd ) welcome back ! come . sit. sit. 57 . continued : in the center of the room be a small cluster of extremely comfortable chair in which they sit . above they a multifacete skylight glitter like a cut gem under the stream ray of sunlight . in the center of the sky light be the R.I . logo casting a great shadow on the floor . remmington ( cont 'd ) can I get you something to drink ? Water ? bubbly ? a shot of rye ? speed smile sheepishly . speed no ... I be okay . remmington so , I can see you have give some serious think to this thing . speed I have , yes sir . remmington good . that mean that you understand that we be talk about not just you future , but you family 's future . speed .my family mean a lot to I . remmington I know . I can tell . that 's why this be so important . because you can help they . all you have to say be yes . that be all I need to hear and I can make so many thing happen for you , and you family . be you ready for that ? be you ready to say yes , speed ? int . k-harrier candy wrapper be scattered everywhere as they lay motionless in a overdose coma . when they hear someone come sprittle manage to lift he head and crawl to the window . 58 . continued : a clean man be rise up on a cherry picker with a cart full of clean supplies . sprittle uh-oh . he look back at they mess . sprittle ( cont 'd ) jig 's up . a moment later the door open and the clean man enter .. cleaning man Holy cooly : he grab for he radio . cleaning man ( cont 'd ) hey , this be marvin down at the landing pad . I think we get mouse again . as he talk , two shadow slip quietly out the door behind he . int . remmington's office speed realize that this be the threshold . speed this be not a easy decision for I , Mr. remmington . for my family , racing be everything . we eat , drink , think and breathe racing . there be nothing more perfect than a picnic at thunderhead . I mean , I be teach to drive before I could walk . but when my brother die , all that go away . I can not tell you how painful that be . it nearly kill all of we . especially pop . he do not set foot in he shop for over a year . as the memory come to life , we see the image in flashback . 59 . continued : speed ( cont 'd ) but one night when I be still pretty young . I could not sleep and I go into the live room and there be pop , in he beat up robe , watch some old race recording . the blue tv light of speed 's memory fill he eye . speed ( cont 'd ) so I sit with he watch of Ben burn come round the last turn of he ' 43 prix and all of a sudden pop start scream , and then I start scream , and as burn and dugazi duke it out , head for the finish , we be cheer we head off and the second the black and white come down , we look at each other and right there we realize the naked truth ; racing be in we blood . flashback end . speed ( cont 'd ) but for pop , it be not just a sport . it 's way more important than that . it 's like a religion and in we house , the Major sponsor be kinda like the devil . the coldness in remmington 's eye bely he smile . speed ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to offend you sir and I do appreciate you offer , it 's just , I guess I understand he - point of view and after all we have be through , I do not think this kind of deal be for I . remmington chuckle . remmington you poor , naive , chump . he chuckle again . 60 . continued : ( 2 ) remmington ( cont 'd ) I be go to pretend I do not hear that load of sicken schmaltz and I be go to give you a bit of a education . at the end of it if you be smart , you will thank I and hen you will sign that contract . int . tramway sprittle and chim -chim be joy riding in the maintenance cart , weaving back a forth , wiping people out . chim - chim scream with glee . int . remmington's office they stand before a enlarge black and white photograph of five tycoon , smoking cigar , dress in turn of the century tycoon finery , they well - feed face bright with fatuous , self - satisfied smile . remmington look . there be the true spirit of the golden age of racing . Benjamin braddack , diamond Dave tweksbury , reginald White , Oliver Potter , and George wheeler . the five most powerful man in the world at the turn of the last century . as he talk we flash back to jittery old footage and photograph of the golden era . remmington ( cont 'd ) for all intensive purpose they create the modern automotive industry . but the true stroke of they genius be the invention of the wrl , the world 's first racing league . remmington lead speed past several personal memento include the first motor of he first car , the first milk bottle from victory lane , .a black and white from a important race . in front of a enlarge picture of Ben burn from the infamous ' 43 prix be a twisted and scorched piece of metal set on a pedestal like a gorgeous piece of art . 61 . continued : remmington ( cont 'd ) interesting that you and you father be so move by the ' 43 prix . one of the great finish in the history of racing , right ? everyone remember burn and dugazi slugging it out , but who remember Carl pott ? driving a rebuilt wittigan for iodyne . industry , pott spun out in the second lap and go down as a dnf . a forgettable and pathetic finish . so bad , that afterwards iodyne stock drop six point . again we see the history tell in flashback . remmington ( cont 'd ) meanwhile , Ben burn sit guzzle cold fresh milk in victory lane , a thousand camera take he picture , sirrus Aeronautics see almost a twelve point gain which immediately block penninsula power cell from be able to afford the price of a complete take -over . this put Joel Goldman , the ceo of iodyne Inc. in the exact position he want to be in . by first buy control interest in he own company at a devalue price , he then broker a merger with sirrus that immediately send iodyne into the gain record book -- the only record book that matter . look out that window , there be not a single plane or helicopter or k - harrier that be not power by iodyne fuel cell . that 's what racing be about . it have nothing to do with car , or driver . all that matter be power and the unassailable might of money . his greed be as tangible as any drug . int . tramway a security guard glide out of one of the red secure area door on a segway . 62 . continued : his radio buzze " perp last see tramway four , drive a maintenance cart . " the door start to close when sprittle and chim -chim jump out and sneak inside . int . remmington's office speed do not want to hear any more of this , but , remmington be far from do . remmington do you understand ? burn know he be go to win . it be already decide . a week before the prix , Goldman and sirrus meet with several other major player at the carlyle Hotel . they meet there as they have for year , just as they father have meet , and as they son and heir will still meet . they meet to negotiate the finish order of the Grand prix . no race be more important and no race be more control . that year Goldman be suppose to win , but he know if he sell he win to sirrus , whatever that win might be worth , be nothing compare to what could be gain . he turn back to the twisted piece of crash metal . remmington ( cont 'd ) that 's why I pay three million dollar for this burnt and twisted piece of metal . because it remind I of what really matter . this be the true heart of racing boy ! this be my religion ! speed be aghast . remmington ( cont 'd ) you do not know how many time I have see that same cow - eye " say it be not so " look of disbelief . every bumpkin who come in from the stick look exactly like you do now . I will not bother prove it to you . 63. continued : remmington ( cont 'd ) if you walk away from I , if you walk out of . this deal , you will know how true it be soon enough . so , last chance . what 's it go to be , speed ? you father 's little fantasy bubble ? or be you go to join the rest of we adult , here in reality ? int . tramway several technician cart and trolly carry auto part pass by a single lab technician who stagger , drunkenly up to a red restrict area window . sprittle peak out of the lower half of the lab coat , chim -chim wear the helmet , balance on he shoulder . in the window they see a lab where they be testing a " spear - -- hook ; " a secret attack device that shoot out from one car and grab hold of the undercarriage of another car . as they realize what they be look at , a security goon come glide up behind they on he seg-way . int . remmington's office speed hand he the brown paper bag . remmington what 's this ? he look and see the shoe and suit . speed if that 's you idea of racing , you can keep it . remmington listen to I and listen good kid , because I be go to give you one more history lesson . you be go to go to Fuji -- in quick , collage cut we see -- 64 . ext . fuji helexicon a gorgeous blimp shot of the race track which take up a entire island of hawaii-like archipelago . the track weave in and out of the lush tropical landscape set against the ocean shimmer with sequin of sunlight . ext . starting line speed grip the steering wheel , revving the engine which rattles the car like thunder shaking the sky as -- the countdown finish and as the car explode forward , we cut back -- int . remmington's office remmington but you will not win . you will not place . more collage cut -- int . fuji announcer's booth fuji announcer speed racer 's make he move , gun for the lead -- ext . helexicon track the ghost see speed rush up behind he . gray ghost we get ourselves a real race here ! the two car start dance around each other ; like two boxer size each other up . gray ghost ( cont 'd ) here we go , here we go . wham . ghost throw the first punch which speed try to slip but , the ghost anticipate he move and slam speed hard . 65 . continued : gray ghost ( cont 'd ) come on ! show I something ! show I what you get ! speed duck down the bank , work each wheel into a hyper drift , reversing they position -- lock the ghost up and send both car spin . gray ghost ( cont 'd ) ohhhh yeah ! yeeeeeahhhhh ! int . fuji announcer's booth fuji announcer the Gray ghost unload a round - house , speed counter , smash , bang , bump - ext . helexicon track weaving back and fourth behind speed , the Gray ghost attack with phantom punch that come out of nowhere . gray ghost here I come , kid ! watch out . here I be ! nope -- I be over here ! wham ! wham ! speed try to counter punch and the ghost slip under . gray ghost ( cont 'd ) you can not . touch I ! I be here ! I be go ! speed be throw back into the pack of car that quickly swallow he up where he be -- crunched into the wall by the Zokeo Communications car , pin until -- racer X slam into the Zokeo car , freeing speed but cause several car tp swerve wildly at which point -- the Three rose car torpedoe katsu 's car -- burst into a blizzard of metal snowflake while -- 66 . int . luxury booth horuko jump up , terrify for she brother as -- ext . helexicon track racer X roar past the debris and the bounce rubber cocoon . ext . upper BOX grand stand cruncher accept the congratulation of the goon beside he . int . remmington's office remmington driver I guarantee you right now , you will not even finish the race . ext . helexicon track another molar-crack hit as speed avoid the concrete , pylon but be then slam by the Zokeo car -- underneath both car , a spear-hook shoot out from a hide sleeve , harpoon the under - carriage of the Mach 5 -- sparky speed , get out of there ! speed I can not ! I can not move ! the two car head toward the final jump , lock in some strange embrace -- they lunge awkwardly , crash on top of one another as -- Inside speed 's car , he face plate seal and the kwiksave - foam explode , swallow he , as the car tumble -- disintegrate into a cloud of smoke and glitter debris . 67 . ext . grandstand the racer family be freeze . they face awash with fear and disappointment while -- int . helexicon penthouse remmington ease back , a fatuous , self - satisfied smile spread with a crocodile 's grace . int . remmington's office remmington soon after that there will be litigation against some of you father 's design . ext . racer house it be pour rain as a large cab pull up to drop off the entire racer family still wear they island clothes . a dour-face man beneath a umbrella be wait for they . dour face be you pop racer of racer Motors - pop yeah , but I be still on vacation - dour face you be hereby serve a summon . pop what ? dour face you be be sue for ip infringement by janus automaker . speed that 's ridiculous ! dour face that 's for a jury to decide . 68 . int . remmington's office remmington the legitimacy of the lawsuit will not matter . they will be enough to discredit he company . whatever contract he have , he will lose . within a year he will be filing for bankruptcy . after that , you and the rest of you pathetic family will be history . the threat hang in the air like a load gun between they . speed pop be right . you be the devil . the elevator suddenly open with the security goon carry sprittle and chim -chim by the scruff of they neck . sprittle speed ! speed sprittle ? security goon Mr. remmington I catch this two snooping in a restrict area . remmington driver get this racer trash out of my building . speed I will see you at Fuji . speed turn and head for the elevator . remmington driver yes and then you will realize that you just make the biggest mistake of you life ! tnt . racer kitchen - morning Close up on the Racing News that sparky be read from . the main headline : another dirty racer ? 69 . continued : sparky " . .controversy surround racer Motors now embroil in ip litigation and while evidence remain inconclusive whether or not speed use a illegal device , the Fuji helexicon seem destine to become another mark of shame add to the notorious racer family legacy , a legacy that have forever taint the integrity of this beloved sport . " mom sparky . that 's enough . sparky sorry mar 'am . sprittle I be go to send that guy some chim -chim cookie . chim - chim guffaw . pop you will do no such thing . sprittle we gotta do something , pop . speed step into the doorway . speed this be exactly what he say would happen if I do not drive for he . sparky you mean remmington ? speed he say it would get worse and worse and by the end of the year you would be filing for bankruptcy , pop . sprittle okay , he 's definitely gettin ' some monkey cookie . mom sprittle ! 70 . continued : ( 2 pop he be just try to scare you , son . they try the same thing with rex . if it 's a fight they want , it 's a fight they will get . speed how ? what can we do ? how can we fight this ? he toss the newspaper . pop the truth will come out . speed the truth ? do not be naive , pop . he leave . int . speed' room the Ben burn poster be rip from the wall . speed wad its up and throw it into the garbage . he sink down to he bed , a sense of powerlessness crush the life out of he . Mom tap and then crack the door . mom speed ? be you okay ? speed . I do not know . she come in and sit beside he , put she arm around he . mom it will be okay . we will get through it . speed I do not know , mom . I might have really mess thing up . mom how ? speed by not join remmington . 71 . continued : mom do not be silly . you would have never be happy drive for that terrible man . speed but maybe racing be not about be happy . maybe remmington 's right and it 's all about business and anyone who do not understand that be just a chump . mom now you listen to I , young man . what you do behind the wheel of a racecar have nothing to do with business . before you could even talk , you be make noise that sound like a car engine . we use to tell people you be speak car-ese . we use to try to take you to the park but you never want to get out of the car . speed . I love that old wagon . mom and do you remember the time rex take you out to thunderhead and let you drive -- speed smile . speed and I turn it over . mom my heart still pound just think about it . speed rex tell I the only reason we survive be because I be wear red sock . mom I think you father be go to have a stroke when you walk in the door with that crazy smile . 72 . int . racer live room - past ten year old speed come in the door , lead rex , wear a small bandage on he forehead , smile , a big black gap where he two front tooth should be . mom I do not think I ever see you as happy as you be tell anybody who ask , how you lose you two front tooth in you first crash . int . speed be room - present mom speed , when I watch you do some of the thing you do , I feel like I be watch someone paint or play music . when I go to the race , I go to watch you make art and it 's beautiful and inspiring and everything that art should be , even though there be time when I have to close my eye . but then there be other time , when you just take my breath away and it 's at that moment , when I feel you father 's chest swell and I know he 's smile , try to pretend he do not have tear in he eye , I just go to piece . speed why ? mom because I be so impossibly proud to be you mother . and even though you father do not say it , he be too . she put she arm around he . mom ( cont 'd ) do not worry . we will figure this out . we just have to stick together . something good will happen . you will see . ding do . the front doorbell chime . 73. int . racer live room - day sprittle open the door revealing Inspector detector of the corporate investigation Bureau who look older and harder than when we see he in the flashback behind he be racer x. sprittle see the mask racer and scream . chim - chim scream . they look at each other scream and then slam the door . they begin run around , flail like Chicken Little , wave they arm in panic . sprittle racer hex ! the harbinger of boom ! run for you live ! popsstorm into the room . pop what be you two squawk about ? they dive behind the couch but peek out as pop head for the door . sprittle pop , whatever you do , do not open the door ! ext . racer house racer X do not like it . racer X this be a bad idea . inspector detector if it be any other driver , you would be here . popsopen the door and racer X set he jaw . pop Inspector detector ? inspector detector good morning , mr.. racer . I know it 's be a long time -- 74 . continued : he extend he hand and pop shake it . pop ten year . inspector detector yes . I be sorry for this intrusion , but I be hope to have a word with you and speed . pop eye the mask racer . inspector detector ( cont 'd ) it 's important . int . racer live room - day Mom serve coffee and cookie . inspector detector we have be after remmington for year for dozen of capital corporate crime include wrl fix but we have not have the evidence we need to convict he . until now . sprittle and chim -chim peek up from behind the couch as Mom offer the mask racer a cup of coffee . mom here you be , Mr. x. sprittle point at racer x. sprittle what 's he do here ? inspector detector racer X work closely with we wrl corporate crime division , help we recruit driver like you , speed . most of the media , which you be now see be control by the Major sponsor and they have do they best to paint he as a menace to the sport . the truth be he 's we most valuable weapon against this villain . speeed why do he always wear that mask ? 75 . continued : inspector detector if any of , you actually know he identity , you would become target for he enemy which include some of the most vicious fixer in the world . gulp . they both sink back down behind the couch . speed what do you want with I ? inspector detector you be familiar with the driver katsu okamoto ? speed of course . inspector detector for year he have be contract by a fixer name cruncher block who we know work for remmington . recently , katsu have be force to lose race that have lead to a droop in the stock price of okamoto Engineering . we believe this be a part of a corporate strategy to allow mushi motor to buy control of okamoto . katsu do not want this to happen and he begin resisting , think . that he could do it on he own . after Fuji , he realize he need help . pop , why help he ? inspector detector because he have a file with enough information to connect block to remmington which could put both of they behind bar for the rest of they life . the problem be , he will not give we the file unless we help he stop the take over of he family 's company . speed how ? 76 . continued : ( 2 ) inspector detector there be a up -come race that katsu believe if he can win , it will catapult okamoto Engineering back into the spotlight and double the cost of the buy out which should kill it . speed but there be not any more race leave except for the Grand prix and we both fail to qualify . Inspector take a big breath . inspector detector there be not any track race . this be a cross-country rally . sparky you mean the crucible ? pop what ?! inspector detector I know it seem cruel of I to ask , but katsu make it clear that he have to have speed a X on he team or there would be no deal . pop absolutely out of the question . inspector detector you will have the support of the entire c.i.b -- pop no ! rally racing be a back alley sport full of jackal , head - hunter and thug ! I be sorry , Inspector but I lose one son to that death - trap . I will not lose another . inspector detector I understand . if you change you mind -- he start to take out he card . pop keep you card , Chief Inspector . 77 . continued : ( 3 ) speed look at pop , then realize that racer X be stare straight at he . ext . inspiration point - night it be raining , the cockpit bubble smear with the distant traffic light . speed and the way he be look at I , I do not know ... I just gotta do something . trixie but pop will never let you go . speed he will not if I ask he . trixie speed racer what be you think ? speed you be not in remmington 's office , trix . you do not know what it be like . it feel as though he have he hand inside my chest and he be try to crush everything in my life that matter to I . trixie I hate he . I be picture he heart clogging with cholesterol right now . speed no joke , trix . if you could have be in that room , you would want to do anything you could to take this guy down . she look straight into he eye and he do not have to say anything else . trixie all right . let 's do it . you be go to need a alibi . we will say we be go ski . speed what ? no way ! 78 . continued : trixie you be go to need my help . casa cristo be a rally . I can spot from a ' copter . speed trixie , this be not a game . this people play rough . trixie I know . that 's why I be come with you . and if you even try to argue with I , I will tell pop right now and he will not let you out of he sight . speed you would , would not you ? he look into she eye and know the answer . speed ( cont 'd ) well ... I guess we be go ski . she smile . int . remmington's office remmington sit surround by the legal equivalent of knight , bishop and rook while Mr. mushi sit across from he support by he own retinue . behind they , cannonball Taylor blast through the test course fast enough to coax a low rumble from the sound barrier . remmington as I be sure you be aware , the okamoto stock fall another four point yesterday . in the next few day it will hit bottom and they will have to sell . the car roar through its elliptical path like a circle electron bind the two tycoon together . mushi this could be a most profitable year for remmington . remmington can not hide the glow . 79 . continued : remmington mushi will not do too badly either . mushi nod . cannonball circle , everything in apparent harmony until gennie lean in and whisper . gennie . I know this be terrible timing sir , but I have just receive confirmation of several last minute entry to the casa cristo 5000 . remmington who ? gennie you be not go to like it . int . casa cristo blimp the two announcer beam into the camera . announcer we be just minute away from the start of the 82nd annual casa cristo classic , the grand dame of cross -country , the second oldest rally race in the world , span two continent , three climate change and five thousand kilometer of the most wind and treacherous road ever race . heturns to he colleague . announcer ( cont 'd ) with I again be five time casa cristo champion , johnny " goodboy " Jones . johnny always great to be here . such a beautiful city . announcer one of the most romantic city in the world . 80 . int . HOTEL a bell man carefully unload a cart . on top of the stack of suitcase be a gold fish bowl with a single ugly piranha . cruncher stand at the window balcony look out over the white - wash city . bellman be there anything else I can do for you , sir ? cruncher yeah ... I wanna send someone a present . int . casa cristo blimp announcer Safety have be the primary concern for casa cristo official , especially the last few year . johnny that 's right Bob . there be a number of fatality several year ago . it really have a bad reputation for a while . announcer fan start call it " the crucible . " johnny most of the T -180 driver would not come near it . announcer but you look today , we have get some major name like millie " the mouse " manno , snake oiler and katsu okamoto as well as the young rise star speed racer . not to mention , the shadow that seem to hang over every major race this day , the mask racer that some fan call the harbinger of boom . what 's you take on racer X ? 81 . continued : johnny obviously he be a extremely talented and discipline driver . announcer but be he a head hunter ? johnny I think he drive like he 'is not always interested in win . announcer nuff ' say . johnny but remember Colton , this be standard road car , not T - 180s . I know a lot of T - 180 driver who I race against who expect to win but find out racing a few lap on a track be a totally different animal than a cross-country rally . announcer the marathon as oppose to the sprint ? johnny exactly . this be not just about go fast . it 's about endurance . more than anything , win casa cristo be a test of will . int . mach 5 speed grip he steering wheel like it be the handle of a weapon . int . inspector' office Inspector extend he hand which speed grip tightly . inspector detector speed , I want you to understand how much the c.i.b. appreciate you help on this . speed I be not do this to help c.i.b . I do not know anything about corporate crime and honestly , if I do , it would not really matter . ( more ) 82. continued : speed ( cont 'd ) I be do this because someone be try to hurt my family and I be go to do everything I can to hurt he back . the mask racer be unable to mask he smile . int . casa cristo blimp announcer the reason . t-180 driver have always come to casa cristo be because the winner be automatically offer a invitation to the Grand prix next week . a hold over from the day when rally racing be far more popular then track racing . johnny . gosh how thing have change . int . katsux car the leather of he glove creak as he wring he steering wheel . ' int . HOTEL suite the doorbell ring and katsu go to it . a hotel bellman surround by katsu 's bodyguard be smile . security guard he say it 's for horuko , from a admirer . katsu look at the ribbone box as the guard run he metal detector over it . horuko you see how we have to live ? he ignore she , turn away as she start to open it . she scream . Inside the goldfish bowl the piranha shred a piece of meat that could be a finger , stain - the water red . 83. int . casa cristo blimp johnny to compete in this race , you really have to have a killer instinct . any sign of weakness or timidness be like blood in the water and you will see how fast this race turn into a feed frenzy . int . racer x's car racer X calmly check he car 's vital as he revs he engine . int . c.i.b. design lab racer X lead speed and Inspector detector through the lab to where minx be work . racer X we be go to need some insurance for this race . minx click away at a keyboard while a digital Mach 5 rotate on a screen . racer X ( cont 'd ) minx build my car . speed Nice to meet ya . she purr in response . racer X nod and she use the computer to illustrate she modification . minx they car will probably be equip with secret weapon so we have modify you car to try to counter they attack . the " a " button will operate you normal jump -jack . the Mach 5 flip over on the screen highlight the newly install jump -jack . 84 . continued : minx ( cont 'd ) " B " will seal you cockpit , which we have fortify with a bulletproof polymer . gun-bots fire digital bullet at the Mach 5 which ricochet off the blueprint glass . minx ( cont 'd ) " C " will inflate a emergency hexadyno spare after any blowout . avatar vandal slash the Mach 5 's tire , which explode then re-inflate . minx ( cont 'd ) " D " will activate this zircon tip see blade that will cut through anything that try to attach itself to you . the Mach 5 open like a swiss army knife . minx ( cont 'd ) " E " will project the tire crampon . the image zoom in on the newly equip cat- claw tire . minx ( cont 'd ) and " F " will launch a remote control home bird that be capable of transmit qtvr footage anywhere you be . a final click demonstrate the capability of the Mach 5 's home bird . int . casa cristo blimp announcer every race fan have hear the rumor of spearhook , tire shank and battery booster . johnny the league have do a tremendous job to clean rally racing up . while it 's true there have be a few bad apple , on the ' whole most team stay within league rule . he wink into the camera . 85 . continued : johnny ( cont 'd ) or at least try not to get catch . ext . starting line we glide through the line of race car with x- ray vision cam , revealing hide weapon ; spring load ben-hur tire shredder , all manner of grabber and grappler as well as bladder fill with oil or grease . int . racer den sprittle and chim -chim be settling in on the couch ; a big bag of potato chip and ice fill glass of coke . the casa cristo be about to begin . pop sprittle ! faster than a blink sprittle grab the remote and change the channel to " unser charly , " a german sitcom star a monkey . pop ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? sprittle just watch a little tv , pop . pop look at the tv suspiciously , then back at he son . sprittle ( cont 'd ) it 's he favorite show . pop it 's in german ! sprittle not the monkey part . chim - chim smile . pop oh no you do not . you be not watch that race . out you go . outside . get some exercise . you be too pale . 86 . tnt . casacristo blimp announcer the moment the Queen of casa cristo see the sun , she will signal the start of the race . ext . desert vista the horizon glow brighter , whispy cloud slowly soaking up the blood - orange light . tnt . HOTEL suite they speak in japanese . horuko this be wrong . what you be try to do . katsu I have no choice . they price be a insult to four generation of we family . horuko and if you die ? will then the price be high enough ? ext . rampart the Queen see the sun about to break . int . mach 5 speed revs he engine , a bomb ready to blow . ext . casa cristo memorial a large memorial commemorate all the driver who die during this race : " in memory of that who give everything for they love of this sport . " trixie stand beside speed , both of they stare at the name carve into the bronze plaque ; rex racer . 87 . continued : speed I understand it now , trix . I know why he leave we . she look at he . speed ( cont 'd ) he be try to change this rotten business and they kill he for it . ext . rampart the Queen raise a starter 's pistol . int . cruncher' HOTEL room snake oiler and he two hydrocell team - mate meet with cruncher and he gang , include vinny " Three - finger , " he hand still bandage . snake this be suppose to be my race ! I be suppose to win ! I get the green light ! they. promise I would get to go to the Grand prix ! for eight year I have play by the rule ! this be suppose to be my race ! cruncher enough ! I can not stand the whining ! vinny like a baby need its diaper change . snake work he jaw look for the right comeback . cruncher it 's simple . we have a team of wild card . the problem be this wild card be better driver than you . snake like hell they be ! cruncher prove it . take out katsu . the other two will quit . 88. continued : snake seethes . snake you just watch I . come on ! he and he boy storm out , slamm the door behind they . ext . rampart the sun crack the horizon and the Queen fire the gun . all at once tire explode into a wail of rubber burn agony , smoke billow from the sound of they scream . the car shoot down through the corridor of the small street like shotgun pellet through a barrel . ext . casa cristo the car roar through the street to the cheer of the local , while above , team helicopter circle with the industriousness of bee . int . helicpoter trixie speak into she headset . trixie katsu , hydrocell 's come up on  you leave . the hydrocell car jostle they way towards katsu , speed and racer X . int . racer x's car racer X I get he . int . HOTEL suite racer X and speed be escort by okamoto security into the room . speed notice horuko stand on the balcony and be strike by she beauty . katsu bow . 89 . continued : katsu it be such a extraordinary honor to have such talent on my team . racer X let 's skip the nicety and cut to the chase . katsuarch a eyebrow . racer X ( cont 'd ) the only reason we be here be because you need two outsider and because the Chief Inspector believe you will turn over you . file on remmington and block . racer X eye he . racer X ( cont 'd ) I do not believe it . I do not trust anyone who need this kind of deal before they will bring a criminal to justice . the accusation hang in the air . racer X ( cont 'd ) but I be willing to take a chance that you will prove I wrong . katsu you will not regret you decision . racer X we will see . until then you have my word that I will do everything . I can to make sure you checker at bartimaeus . katsu smile . ext . casa cristo knocking racer X smashes into one of the hydrocell team , he into a series of billboard . katsu again smile . katsu arrigato , x. arrigato . 90 : int . HOTEL suite they stand around a gps map of the race . speed if they be so desperate , why not just use some kind of sniper ? there 's a million place someone could hide if they be really try to kill you . racer X any obvious crime would allow the Chief Inspector to shut the race down . that kind of scrutiny would only hurt the business . they will do as much as they can to make it appear legit . speed nod . racer X ( cont 'd ) the real problem we will have be after the : first leg . cortege be go to be extremely dangerous . take my advice , keep you family away from cortega . speed again look out at moruko on the balcony . ext . casa cristo katsu roar out of the city onto the desert road . int . casa cristo blimp announcer they be out of the city and head into the Zunubian Desert . ext . zunubian desert the chain of car weave along the ribbon of concrete while the desert dune raise up around they . a red bearded driver name billy steel -belt , he team cover in the maneck ' logo , begin slide up next to speed . 91 . ext . square a cobra peek he head out of a basket , charme by a gorgeous woman play she flute . in the audience , cruncher move up behind billy . he hand he a small black velvet bag . billy pour out a fistful of star-dust ; the glint of diamond glitter in the greed of he smile . ext . zunubian desert billy smile revealing he diamond studd tooth then swerve at speed . int . helicopter trixie see the attack come . trixie speed , jump ! int . mach 5 speed do , just as billy 's car plow through , pass under he . racer X he 's not alone . ext . zunubian desert the maneck team attack , they car fly at katsu even as a second team , the Atomic injectable lead by tyrus tropp also attack . racer X this surprise I . speed why ? racer X tyrus be a good man . I would not expect he to turn head-hunter . they be not pull any punch . 92 . int . basement cruncher sit , shadow draw around he like the fold wing of a bat , across from a stoic look tyrus . cruncher slide a envelope across the table . tyrus look at the goons surround he , then pick it up . Inside be the photograph of a beautiful girl play in a park . the hard edge in tyrus ' expression immediately soften turn to fear . cruncher smile like a snake that have just find a egg . int . casa cristo blimp announcer thing have start heating up , as the car head out across the desert flat . ext . desert flat the swerving , weaving chain of car churn up a massive cloud of dust in they wake . attack car be catch and spun out by racer X and speed . a hurricane of sand and dirt swirl around katsu who sit calmly in the eye of the storm while - his guardian angel go into overdrive . racer X and speed seem like they have be drive together all they life . racer X lead he -- speed here ya go ! speed lead a attack straight into racer X 's counter . racer X wing leave . speed Flying in ! 93. continued : he jump one car and block the attack on X . as they car merge in . and out from one another , something seem perfectly clear to speed -- he be back at thunderhead with the ghost of he brother , dance around each other until - - trixie speed ! wham ! billy slam up against he -- throw a lever , a grappler lock on to the Mach 5 . speed he 's get I ! I be lock up ! another lever be pump like a tire pump and a sheave blade begin stabbing at speed 's tire . racer X watch unable to leave katsu unprotect . speed hit the D button and the zircon see blade start glide through the grappler . racer X get out of there ! - speed I be try ! the knife slashes the tire which explode just as the grappler be cut -- speed flip away free , hit the " C " button cause a new tire to inflate while he 's upside down -- landing on a new tire , without miss a beat . tyrus rush into the open , but this time it 's katsue who work a hide lever and -- a katana- like blade flash , a samurai slash across the front tire -- bow it out , flipping the entire car , which tumble back straight at speed , force he to try a split- jack jump -- firing only the rear jump -jack , launching the back end of the car while -- 94 . continued : ( 2 ) the front end of the Mach 5 clip against the Atomic injectible car -- send speed flipping end over end but landing with strangely beautiful grace . int . casa cristo blimp johnny oh my god ! do I just see that !? announcer a rear single set jump into a forward flip ! johnny I know he blow up at fugi , but this kid be flat out magic ! ext . racer backyard sprittle and chim -chim be lay in lounge chair wear bathing suit and tanning goggle , hold tanning mirror under they chin . pop walk up . pop I have get to go into town for some part . I will be back for lunch . sprittle sure thing pop . pop look at they , shake he head and walk off . he sprittle slowly lower he tanning goggle to watch go . sprittle ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! they drop they mirror and bolt for the house . int . racer den they be back with chip and coke click on the tv as the car storm across the desert . they start crunching away , oblivious to the sound of the front door open . 95 . continued : pop honey , I can not find my wallet ---- pop enter the room expect to find Mom but catch they red-hand . pop ( cont 'd ) sprittle ! he see the race on tv . pop ( cont 'd ) you two be in -- sprittle wait ! pop , before you get mad at we -- look ! sprittle point at the tv eye wide . pop I be not fall for that -- sprittle it 's speed ! pop speed 's ski . sprittle then who 's drive the Mach 5 ? pop turn and indeed , there 's the Mach 5 barrel across the red baked earth of Zunubia . pop oh no . int . casa cristo blimp announcer we be near the end of the first leg of the casa cristo as snake oiler , lead driver for the hydrocell team , roar through the street of cortega , head for the finish . 96 . ext . cortega the hydrocell team rear through the cobblestone street of the medieval city crossing the finish line to a cheer crowd . int . casa cristo blimp announcer the hydrocell team jump on the lead early and would not give it up . johnny they make excellent time . okamoto be still a couple of minute behind they . announcer they have they work cut out for they tomorrow . int . luxury cortegan HOTEL a medieval estate renovate into a hotel . katsu smashes a buffet laid out for the okamoto team . katsu if we drive tomorrow like we drive today we will lose ! he point at the mask racer . katsu ( cont 'd ) you will get nothing ! all of this will be meaningless ! speed relax . snake 's weak on turn . we will catch he in the mountain . katsu we might if you stop show off . speed hey , all I be do be save you ass . katsu raise a fist , but racer X catch it . 97 . continued : racer X do not fall apart yet . there 's still a lot of race to run . katsu jerk free of racer X and storm towards the door immediately envelop by he security team . speed look at racer X as though he can suddenly see through the mask . racer X ( cont 'd ) a c.i.b. man will be post outside you door . we get they attention today . you and trixie should be very careful tonight . speed nod as racer X head for the door . speed racer X -- he stop . speed ( cont 'd ) I think we make a good team today . it feel like we would be do it for a long time . he hesitates . racer X if you say so . he turn away leave speed alone . int . remmington's office chicken be remmington wring the phone as if it be a neck . remmington ineptitude ? be this what I pay you for ? cruncher they be not checker yet . remmington if. they do , I assure you it will be a very costly mistake for everyone . he hang up . 98 . continued : assistant Mr. remmington , you have Mr. mushi on line two . remmington be dread this call . he hit the button . remmington Mr. mushi-- mushi so , be this what guarantee mean to you , Mr. remmington ? perhaps you dictionary have a different definition . remmington I understand there be a problem , but I assure you there be no need to panic . mushi I be not call to panic . I be call to inform you that we will be address the problem ourselves , as you assurance and guarantee leave much to be desire . he hang up leave remmington to stew in he juice . int . racer HOTEL room speed and trixie be eat a room service dinner . speed it be very weird , trix . I know every move he be go to make and he know mine . it be so familiar . maybe I be crazy but racer X first show up two year after rex 's death . trixie but speed , rex be cremate . speed a body be cremate . remember it have already be badly burn in the crash . even if it be rex , no one could have recognize he . 99 continued : trixie so you think he fake the crash with a different body in the driver 's seat ? speed somehow the kwik-save be disconnect . Inspector detector suspect foul play but nothing could be prove . trixie okay , let 's say it 's all true . why would we do it ? speed I do not know . maybe the same reason I be here . ding do . speed go to the door . c.i.b. security man I be sorry to disturb you sir , but do you know this people ? speedstick he head out and there they be -- int . hallway his family , pop in front like a kettle ready to boil . speed yeah ... int . racer HOTEL room pop rage while sprittle and chim -chim pick through they dinner . pop be this the kind of driver I have ? someone who disobey ? someone who lie to I ? be this the kind of son I have raise ? and you , trixie , you know what this race do to this family . do either of you stop to think about we ? huh ? speed , do you think about you mother ? or you brother ? ( more ) 100 continued : pop ( cont 'd ) what it would do if something happen to you ? speed that 's all I have be think about , pop . you , Mom , sprittle , sparky . chim - chim shout . speed ( cont 'd ) yeah , you too , chim -chim . we be in serious trouble , , pop , and it 's all my fault . pop this be not the place or the race to do anything about that . speed why not ? pop because it will not do any good ? speed you do not know that . pop you think you can drive a car and change the world ?! it do not work like that ! speed maybe not . but it 's the only thing I know how to do and I gotta do something . pop that 's unacceptable ! this be over . pack you thing . we be go home . speed have never directly disobey he father . speed I can not . I be sorry , pop . pop what ?! speed I be stay . 101 . continued : ( 2 ) trixie so be pop no you be not ! you be come home , right now ! speed I be not a child , pop . you can not tell I how to live my life . if you want to fire I as you driver , then fine , do it . but it will not change the fact that I be go to . finish this race . pop look ready to have a aneurism . pop God , you sound like rex . do you want to die like he too ? will that make you happy ? speed do not take it out on I because you feel guilty for what happen to rex . mom okay , you two . that 's enough . pop , if they be stay , then we be stay . sprittle all right , room service ! mom I suggest we try to do everything we can to make sure we go home together . toe with pop fume work he jaw , stand toe to speed . pop where 's the Mach - 5 ? speed log with security . pop you add something to it ? speed some defensive modification . 102 continued : ( 3 ) pop the whole thing 's out of balance , be not it ? speed it pull leave , ride a little stiff . pop sparky . pop and sparky leave to do they work . speed feel terrible . he look at he Mom . speed I be sorry , Mom . mom you father love you speed . he 's just afraid that -- speed I know . it 's gonna be okay . mom you would not lie to you mother would you ? speed never again . she hug he .. int . hallway it be later . he feel a a burly c.t.b. man stand guard a door when bee sting on he neck . to the the dart 's poison act quickly drop the agent floor as a ninja emerge from the shadow . int . HOTEL suite katsu sleep soundly . above he , in the shadow of the vault ceiling there be a flash , as a piece of metal glint against the moonlight . 103 . ext . HOTEL another ninja crawl like a spider down to an. open window . int . racer HOTEL room the sheer curtain undulate in the open window of speed 's room as a mask face lower into view . the man of the racer family lay scattered about the room in cot and on the couch . Mom and trixie be in the connect room . int . HOTEL suite a liquid travel down a. wire that hang poise about katsu 's lip . int . HOTEL room a ninja enter racer X 's bedroom and see he asleep in he bed . int . racer HOTEL room the ninja creep past the sleep man to speed 's bed . int . HOTEL suite the oil drip onto katsu 's lip . int . HOTEL room a blowgun be raise . int . racer HOTEL room stand over speed , the ninja withdraw a syringe from he hide chest pocket . int . HOTEL suite katsu lick he lip as -- 104 . int . HOTEL room the blowgun be fire , bury itself into the mound of pillow . racer X , he face shroud in shadow , emerge from the darkness where all mark man sleep , behind the couch . the ninja realize he 's be trick and spin just as racer X attack . int . racer HOTEL room the syringe move towards speed 's neck when -- sprittle roll over , knock chim -chim with he arm , waking he up . and as soon as he see the ninja -- he scream . sprittle scream . the ninja attack stabbing at speed who just barely catch the needle . the ninja try to wing - chun the hypodermic free but -- speed be too quick and he force the needle into the headboard as -- sparky jump onto the ninja 's back . sparky I get he ! I get hiiiyow -- the ninja throw sparky across the room and try to bolt but speed be up and throw a quick combo . the ninja stumble , but a manage a spin-kick that knock speed back as -- pop grab the ninja from behind . pop you attack my family ? 1 you try to hurt my son ?! pop twist the squirming ninja through a series of wrestle move -- finish the ninja in a spin over head helicopter ---- 105 . continued : launch he out the window . trixie and Mom burst in from the adjoin room . trixie oh my god ? be that a ninja ? pop crack he knuckle . pop more like a non-ja . terrible what pass for a ninja this day . 's still she look out the window and smile ; this family ' get it . trixie cool bean . there be a hurried knock at the door . pop I will get it . it be horuko , surround by security . horuko oh , I be sorry . I be look for speed racer . speed move to the door . speed horuko ? be you all right ? horuko no. something terrible have happen . int . HOTEL suite katsu can barely sit up , he arm drape over horuko , he head lolling from side to side . the family be gather around they and racer X , who be again wear the mask . racer X taste the needle of the blow dart . racer X narcolyte benzamine . a highly effective and debilite drug . ( more ) 106 . continued : racer X ( cont 'd ) stays in the system for hour , but leave with no trace . katsu I will be ... fine ... by morning ... racer X no you will not . you can not drive a car . you can barely stand up . katsu leap to he foot . katsu you do not tell I what I can do -- he suddenly collapse to the floor . horuko katsul she try to help he , but he be unconscious . speed what be we go to do ? they all look to each other for a answer , but no one seem to have one . int . mr. mushi' bedroom the phone wake he and he grunt into the phone in indiscernible japanese . mushi . I have be assure that we problem have be solve . remmington perhaps you definition of " solve " be different from mine . ext . cortega d a in the distance , the medieval wall city sink behin hill as the sunrise , the sound of roll thunder swell as -- the race car come fly over the hill , explode past we . 107 . int . casa cristo blimp announcer the second leg of the casa cristo be under way . and the stage be set for what might be one of the most ferocious rally we have see in year . ext . highway crowd lining the road cheer as the car scream past . already start to nudge and buck , try to force a early mistake , . speed and racer X be immediately force into they aggressively defensive drive . speed seem particularly wire . speed watch you line ! okamoto adjust . speed ( cont 'd ) cut leave ! now ! speed. fly into block for okamoto , but okamoto do not create enough space . speed ( cont 'd ) watch it ! they kiss with the shriek of crash metal . int . . helicopter pop and trixie ride in the helicopter with sparky spot . sparky pack lean leave , look for a slingshot on the right ! ext . mountain road almost on cue , the medius rez team launch at okamoto , who feint leave and jump , allow speed to smash - block to the inside . 108 continued : racer X speed , you be too tight ! the car bounce and speed take a hit , spin for moment before he regains control . speed mumble to himself . speed this be completely -- int . helicopter and pop mumble finish speed 's think . pop absolutely crazy . int . HOTEL hall the security guard receive confirmation . guard the chopper be ready mar 'am . horuko be escort out , surround by she security detail . ext . HOTEL cruncher 's thug watch through binocular as horuko exit the hotel , then report through he bluetooth . thug she 's leavin ' da hotel now . int . helicopter sparky scout the upcoming terrain . sparky wick sidewinder come up . watch the inside - out . could get ugly . ext . helipad horuko be escort to she wait helicopter . 109 . int . thugmobile the crew of thug negotiate the wind crowded . street . thug yeah , boss . signal 's loud and clear . on the dash be a gps map with a blink signal . ext . switchback the chain of jostling car weave up the switchback with the violence of clatter pachinko ball . int . police car inspector detector they be airborne ? you be sure ? good . double the guard for she arrival in bartimaeus . I give my word nothing would happen to he sister and I mean to keep it . the Inspector get another call . inspector detector ( cont 'd ) Inspector detector ..-. Mrs. racer ? what kind of emergency ? int . horuko's helicopter the helicopter race across the scenic landscape . Inside the cockpit , the pilot set the auto-pilot on and release the stick . he stand and pull out a gun . it be cruncher block . ext . switchback speed be drive like a maniac . speed Left ! drift tight ! tight ! okamoto look like he 's about to go over the edge . 110 . continued : speed ( cont 'd ) no ! int . horuko's helicopter the pilot open the door to the posh passenger cabin . the two security man go for they gun but cruncher have the drop . cruncher do not do it ! they raise they hand . cruncher ( cont 'd ) on the ground ! now ! they get on . the floor . horuko stand and cruncher whip he gun around to she . cruncher ( cont 'd ) gotcha -- but suddenly , something be wrong , he eye go wide as he realize -- horuko be not horuko . horuko be katsu . cruncher ( cont 'd ) what the -- katsu snatch cruncher 's gun and the fixer be too stunne to do anything to stop it . cruncher ( cont 'd ) you -cheater . the security team seize hold of he . cruncher ( cont 'd ) but if you be here , who 's --? ext . sidewinder road katsu 's car swerve wildly back into the middle of the road . int . katsux car trixie have have enough . she yank up the dark visor on the helmet . trixie that 's better . could not see anything . she gain control and ease the car into the slot . sparky that 's it . Nice line , trix . int . helicopter horuko sit beside sparky , wear trixie 's clothes . sparky top of the hill 's come . snake 's get at least a quarter mile 'on ya . trixie well , let 's go get he . speed if you would be a little more careful , he would not be ahead of we . trixie I tell you I could not see outta this dang helmet . it 's too big . speed I can not believe you talk we into this ridiculous idea . trixie what 's ridiculous about it ? you be the one always tell I I be a better driver than most of the wrl . speed now 's not the time to prove it ! trixie why not ? speed it 's too dangerous ! 112 . continued : trixie too dangerous for I but not for you ? racer X Children , focus ! if we be go to have a chance we be go to have to pass snake before the rendezvous . trixie I be ready . let 's roll . she floor it , pull out , leave speed shaking he head and try to keep up . they smear through a hairpin turn and as they close on the nearest car it be immediately apparent that they be no longer drive protectively or defensively -- they be attack . racer X leap at the bumper of one car , corner - check he into the rail while -- trixie hit like a cue ball on the break , scatter several car -- leave speed little to clean up . int . helicopter sparky cheer . sparky wahoo ! go get them , girl ! int . snakes' car he see they in the rear view mirror . snake here they come ! pick it up ! int . blimp C.C. announcer here come the okamoto team , make they move . 113. ext . mountain road every wind turn be another click on a fishing rod as they slowly reel the hydrocell team in . the okamoto team move with synchronize grace while snake and he team struggle to hold they line . snake watch it ! what be you doin ' ?! the mountain undulate , the car dip and rise catch in the current of this concrete river -- flow one way then another , the car saw across the belly of one bend , drift into the curve of another until -- the hydrocell emerge over the crest of a hill with the okamoto team tight to they bumper . snake ( cont 'd ) just try it ! try to pass ! just try it ! racer X know they be ready . racer X take them . speed with pleasure . speed slingshot from the back position , hurl alongside the hydrocell team until -- snake block he , set up a attack by one of he team but this just allow racer X a hole to punch through . the car continue to slug it out still weaving up the mountain road , climb it seem to helicopter or blimp height . int . blimp announcer now the glove be off and they be pound one another , bumper to bumper , rail to rail ! 114 . ext . mountain road it remain at one level of intensity until - -- snake bashes trixie hard into the rail , drive she almost over the edge , cause she to shriek from the force of the blow -- and speed lose it . his jaw clenches , shifting into a whole new level of intensity . he become a cyclone , a whirling dervish , envelop the hydrocell team in a cloud of chaos - -- throw , rending , . rip through they until only snake be leave . speed be not kind ; batter he until he 's not sure if he 's go forward or backward . in a panic , snake reach for a hide lever but before he can take hold of it , speed clobber he again , cause he to shriek louder than trixie and then -- recede quickly away like a dog with its tail tightly tuck . int . helicopter sprittle oh yeah ! pop can not help a flash of delight . pop .that 's my boy . int . blimp C.C. announcer the okamoto team roar into the lead behind some very aggressive drive by speed racer . johnny you kiddin ' I ? he just tore snake a new tailpipe ! 115 . int . katsux car speed trix ? you all right ? she 's obviously shake up . trixie yeah , sure . 10 - - 4 and ready for more . speed shake he head , want this to be over . racer X then let 's move it . we get some time to eat up . int . horuko's helicopter cruncher be buckle into a seat with he arm tie behind he . he glare at katsu who be change into he racing leather . cruncher have not ya hear ? cheater never prosper . security guard Sir , we have get the lead ! they be head for the rendezvous , now ! katsu look back at cruncher and smile . katsu excellent . int . thugmobile no answer . the thug hang up . thug somethin ' be not right . int . helicopter they head down towards the rendezvous which be a hide alpine nook , surround by mountain . 116 continued : horuko you be sure , no camera here ? pop checked it this morning . quite a few dead spot in this mountain . ext . rendezvous the okamoto team roar up to where everyone be wait . speed climb out of the Mach - 5 and head straight for trixie . speed I tell you -- she turn ready to fight , if that 's what he want . speed ( cont 'd ) you be one helluva driver . she smile . trixie you be not so bad yourself . sparky and pop go to work , change fuel cell and start to pound out some of the serious dent . racer X see cruncher guard by the security team . racer X what 's he do here ? katsu stowaway . be not sure what to do with he . racer X do what he would do ; break he leg and let he walk back . horuko bow to trixie . horuko thank you so much . trixie it be a blast . sparky cell reload ! 117 . continued : speed let 's go ! they start to turn until machine gun fire object . thug nobody move ! the thug emerge from the surround wood . pop what be this ?! up he stride towards the nearest goon but bullet spit in the earth and snow at he foot cause he to freeze place . cruncher this be call a change of plan . now freed , one of the thug toss he a gun . thug yeah , that 's right . we be change you plan that change we plan to change you plan . - .right boss ? cruncher decide to ignore that . cruncher the new plan - - what be it , again ? break you leg , make you . walk back ? I like that . he stand smile in front of racer x. cruncher ( cont 'd ) but first , I think it 's time to play a little peek - a- boo , I - see - you . int . blimp C.C. announcer we be still wait for the okamoto team to come out of the pass . johnny that road can really ice up . very dangerous . 118. ext . rendezvous one of the thug pin racer X 's arm back as cruncher go for the mask while -- unnotice by anyone , the trunk of the Mach - 5 pop open and four eye peek out . cruncher start to peel back the mask when a rock clip he on the side of he head . cruncher owl sprittle monkey cookie ! he turn just as -- whap ! a monkey cookie in the kisser . sprittle ( cont 'd ) Nice shot ! chim -chim howl as sprittle reload he sling - shot . pop sprittle ?! cruncher get that monkey ! the goons be confuse , distract , and before they can control it , the fight be on -- racer X throw the thug hold he -- speed and trixie dish out equal measure of chop-socky and good of american slug - fu as -- pop grapples and wrestle he goon into a head - lock . racer X hammer cruncher to the ground where he see he gun , scramble for it but just as he reach for it -- katsu step on he hand . it 's a short quick turn around and -- racer X look like another change of plan . 119 . continued : while the security guard herd up cruncher and the thug pop turn he attention to -- pop sprittlel get over here ! sprittle ahhhh ! he and chim -chim run behind speed . speed sprittle this be not a game . you could have be kill in there . sprittle i.know it be bad ! I know we should not have do it . but chim - chim be really really scared . speed chim-chim ? sprittle okay , I be a little scared too . trixie scare of what ? sprittle cling to he big brother . sprittle I do not want what happen to rex to happen to you . racer X and pop feel a hide wound open . sprittle ( cont 'd ) we just think if you get into trouble , maybe we could help and it 's a good thing we do . a good speed look at pop as if sprittle be make point . pop oh no , you be not get off that easy . if you mother have not have a heart attack already , I be sure she will know what to do with you two . tire and the last of pop line be lose to the squeal of roar of engine as the hydrocell team fly by . 120 . continued : ( 2 ) katsu go! go! go ! they rush to they car , speed leaping into the Mach - 5 . engine . growl , tire spin and gravel spit as the three car shoot back into the race . tnt . blimp C.C. announcer first out of the pass be ... the hydrocell team ? johnny uh-oh . they better send the emergency trailer -- C.C. announcer wait ! be that -- like eagle drop from the sky , the okamoto ream soar out of the mouth of the pass . int . blimp johnny here we go again . C.C. announcer whatever happen in that pass have leave okamoto back where they start but now only one obstacle stand between snake oiler and victory -- johnny the maltese Ice cave . tnt . helicopter trixie notice as pop begin to bite he lip . she whisper to sparky . trixie this be where rex ... sparky nod . 121. ext . maltese ice cave moon-white sheave mottle against coke-bottle color ice floe rise up , a glisten wall of glacial plate surround the thin ribbon of road . speed enter the first series of cave bored through earth and ice , a stroboscopic oscillation of light and dark , ad and no ad as - -- the memory of watch rex disappear down the throat of one of this cave haunt he . katsu speed ?! what be you do ? speed sorry . racer X be you all right ? speed I be fine . ahead , the hydrocell team grow from small silhouettes flash in and out of sight , . closer and closer , larger and larger until - - once more the three chase car lock onto they rear bumper . int . racer x's car racer X the next cave 's a rattler . katsu what be that ? speed double S. racer X we will make we move in there . ext . maltese ice cave the open maw swallow the segment train of car , each one slip down into a underworld -- 122. continued : where there be no purchase for advertisement -- only the cold , wet darkness where white light chase after red one . speed try to shake he fear when X call for the attack . racer X now . the car split apart , racer X lead the charge as -- spark flash as with the cross of sword , metal strike metal and -- the ice-crusted wall sparkle with star-burst of violence -- the cacophony ringing through the first bend curve . it be obvious that the condition be much more difficult , a sword fight on a freeze lake -- each of the driver , skid , wobble , drift farther then they anticipate , but -- the okamoto team be just too good , eliminate one and then the other hydrocell car until -- speed again have snake in he sight . this time , though , snake be ready . snake not this time , punk ! he throw the lever and beneath he car -- a violent spray of freezing gas immediately skim coat the road with a fresh shimmer glaze of ice that --- speed hit go full throttle , immediately spin wildly out of control . he scream try to hold on as he spit out the end of the cave -- smash through the rail , separate from the earth -- hanging for a moment against the soundlessness of the open sky -- before drop like a stone . 123. continued : ( 2 ) racer X speed ! int . blimp johnny oh no ! C.C. announcer speed racer 's go over the edge ! int . helicopter everyone feel the same stomach - lurching terror as pop ' eye go wide with the terror that he be about to lose another son . ext . glacier cliff speed fall and from inside the cockpit it look impossibly far to the bottom but -- the wall of the cliff be not completely vertical and the Mach - 5 begin to rub against the ice . speed react immediately , hit one of the control button and -- crampon shoot out of he tire , give he just enough of a hold to try -- a split - jack jump , the front jack fire , throw the car into a somersault across the open ravine -- slam against the far side which have slightly more slope , allow the crampon to dig in as -- he drive straight up the wall of ice . tnt . blimp . johnny he did.not ! he do not just do that ! C.C. announcer speed racer be . drive straight up a cliff face -- be we get this ? 124 . continued : johnny this kid be unbelievable ! int . helicopter they all cheer . sprittle go , speed , go ! ext . mountain road speed jump again , vaulting violently back into the wind road just behind a disbely snake . speed hi. remember I ? speed roar up after he and snake grab for he lever again but now it 's speed that 's ready -- jumping over the ice , he body slam snake , send he hard into the rail as speed shoot into the lead . snake not again ! not again ! he grab at a ankle holster , yanking out a gun . int . blimp they camera zoom in as snake aim . johnny oh my god , he 's get a gun ! ext . mountain road speed do not notice until it seem he entire family scream into he ear -- family gun ! snake fire just as -- speed hit the cockpit bubble and the bullet smack against it like a sledgehammer into a brick wall . 125 . continued : he swerve know he will not be able to take many hit as snake chase after he , fire as -- speed hit the crampon again and run up the side of the mountain then -- flip off the wall just as the cliff face drop off , switch side as -- snake now find himself on the outside as speed bashes he out through the guard rail . snake try a similar move to speed but snake be no speed - and he car burst apart as he miss-time the flip , send a bounce cocoon to the distant snow below . int . blimp C.C. announcer snake oiler completely go out of he mind -- johnny could have be altitude sickness , it get crazy up there -- casa cristo announcer whatever it be , speed handle it beautifully and with less than 250 kilometer to go , nothing seem to stand between okamoto -- ext . finish line the car weave through the byzantine street of San bartimeaus . C.C. announcer -- and victory ! the checker flag come down , hundred of flashbulb capture the moment as katsu lead speed and racer X across the finish line . int . remmington's office . remmington smoulder like the cigar worry between he finger as he watch the effect of the race happen almost immediately . 126 . continued : the stock of okamoto engineering climb two point . remmington get I ... tetsuya okamoto . ext . victory lane katsu pose with speed and racer X for photographer . racer X be clearly not interested . katsu we make a good team . racer X we do we part . make sure you do yours . racer X stare at katsu whose face be as expressionless as a mask but it feel as though racer X can see right through it . katsu of course . int . remmington's office remmington congratulation Mr. okamoto . very impressive race . int . okamoto' office okamoto yes , thank you . you be very generous , Mr. remmington . ext . victory lane reporter 2 speed , do this mean you have sign with okamoto ? speed uh , no . this be ... a mutually beneficial opportunity . katsu yes , well put . 127 . continued : reporter 3 katsu , do this mean you will be run in the Grand prix this weekend ? katsu we will see . right now I be just go to enjoy this victory . int . remmington's office okamoto the price be 78 a share . remmington that 's outrageous ! the price be barely above 50 ! this be extortion ! blackmail ! I will sue you ! tie up every asset you own up for the next 20 year ! okamoto as you wish Mr. remmington . have a nice day . remmington wait ! he grind he molar until they be smooth . remmington ( cont 'd ) seventy - eight a share . I will have the papers draw up . okamoto a pleasure do business with you . int . okamoto' office sit across okamoto hang up the phone . katsu and horuko from he . he smile . okamoto you have do very well for we , my son . katsu smile the same smile as he father . the only person not smile in the room be horuko . 128. int . racer family garage speed kick over a tool box give voice to he rage with a cacophony of clatter metal . he jump into the Mach 5 . the engine gun the wheel screech as he peel out and away leave -- Inspector detector stand with this hat in hand , he frown mirrore by pop . sparky I do not get it . what just happen ? pop . okamoto play we for chump . all he want be we help to drive up the stock on he family 's company . even if there be a file , he have no intention of turn it over . sparky you mean that whole race be for nothing ? int . mach 5 speed scream as loud as he can strangling the steering wheel as he rocket through a series of familiar with curve . ext . thunderhead without the light or banner or crowd , the race track echoe with the same quiet portance as a cathedral . it be here that speed have always find himself . but as he sail through neck snap turn with reckless abandon , it become clear that he be chase something that he have lose . he seem ready to cry for all the frustration and anger , want so badly to undo the last few week of he life . suddenly in he rearview mirror there be a answer to he prayer , a miracle -- his brother . 129 . continued : for a moment he believe that he be again drive beside the ghost of he brother but when the two car kiss up against each other , speed realize this be no ghost -- it 's racer X . the mask racer suddenly become the focus of all he anger and speed swing he car , wield it like a club , try to clobber he . racer X dodge the first blow and swing back , the two have at one another , bang , shove one another into the wall -- until speed can not take it anymore and he go at X as ferociously as he can , throw he into a tailspin -- crash he into one of the grand stand . silence embrace the track . speed climb out of the Mach 5 . speed x? racer x? there be a small movement in the car , a shudder as though in pain and speed realize he may have go too far . speed ( cont 'd ) racer X ?!! he run to the car but immediately stop when he realize the mask man be not in pan ; he be laugh . he practically fall out of he car . racer X jeezus , kid . you can drive . I have not be throw like that in year . speed what be you do here ? racer X the inspector tell I what happen . , I come look for you . speed why ? racer X think you would take it hard and maybe do something stupid . 130 . continued : ( 2 ) speed why would you care ? racer X because you be a fighter . and a friend . speed why do not you just tell I the truth ? racer X stare at he hard . speed ( cont 'd ) you be rex , be not you ? racer X you mean you brother ? speed youfirstappeared two year after rexdied . you drive just like he . youknew I would be here because thisis where he always use to takeme . just tell I the truth . mask . after a long hard moment , racer X pull off he he be not rex . speed be stunne . speed ( cont 'd ) you be ... not rex . racer X no. I be sorry speed but you brother be dead . he pull he mask back on . speed I be sorry . racer X do not be . I be sure where ever you brother be , he be immensely proud of you . speed for what ? make the same mistake he do ? 131 . continued : ( 3 ) racer X for try to make a difference . from what I have read , that 's all he try to do . speed and what good do it do ? he get kill for nothing . Racing have not change and it never will ! racer X it do not matter if racing never change . what matter be if we let racing change we . everyone of we have to find the reason to do this . you do not climb into a T - 180 to be a driver . you do it because you be drive . speed I do not know why I be do it anymore . racer X that 's obvious . at Fuji , you be try to prove something . at cristo , you be look for justice . neither be the reason you belong behind a steering wheel . speed if you know so much , why do not you tell I why I should keep drive ? racer X sorry . that 's for you to figure out . he climb back into he car . racer X ( cont 'd ) I just hope when you do , I be there . to see it . he roar away leave speed alone . int . speed' room speed be furiously pack . there be a knock on the door but he ignore it . sprittle open the door , chim -chim follow he in . 132 . continued : sprittle hey watcha doin ? speed what 's it look like ? sprittle where ya goin ? speed I do not know . I just gotta get away from here . sprittle why ? speed because . sprittle because why ? speed because I have to . sprittle can we come with you ? speed be strike by a odd sense of deja vu . speed what ? sprittle can we come with you ? speed no. sprittle why ? speed you will understand when it 's you turn . he shoulder he bag and shove out the door . int . racer family live room there , speed cross to the door but pop be already sit , wait , a heaviness in his.limb . 133. continued : pop speed , before you go , I would like to say a few thing . will you sit with you old man for a minute ? speed chafe a bit but drop he bag . speed do not try to stop I . pop I will not . I make a mistake try to tell you what to do at cortega . you be right . I be wrong . I will not make that mistake again . speed sit . pop ( cont 'd ) I want you to know that I act rashly . I say thing I wish I have not . you mother usually protect I from make a ass out of my self but I be determine to do it this time and I guess I do a pretty good job of it . I want to make sure you understand how sorry I be . speed thanks . pop the truth be , I could not have be more proud of you son . not because you win , but because you stand up , you be not afraid and you do what you think be right . speed so ? it do not amount to anything . it be completely meaningless . pop how could it be meaningless ? I see my son become a man . I watch he act with courage and integrity and drive the pants off of every driver on the road . this be not meaningless . this be the reason for a father 's life . pop 's eyes'begin to twinkle with tear 134 . continued : ( 2 ) pop ( cont 'd ) I admit I go to cortega because I be afraid that what happen to rex be go to happen to you . and I just could not take that . I could not loose another one of my boy like that again . but what I realize in cortega be that I do not lose rex when he crash , I lose he here . I lose he when he walk out of this house and I let he go without tell he how proud I be of he and how much I love he . I let he think that a stupid motor company mean more to I than he do . you will never know how much I regret that mistake , but it 's enough that I will never make it again . he put he big bear arm around he and hug he . pop ( cont 'd ) I love you speed . I understand that every child leave home but I want you to know that door be always open and you can always come back . speed I love you pop . I be just so confuse right now . I do not what I be do or why I be do it . I be lock up in some kinda tailspin and no direction make sense . pop I know what that 's like . when rex die I do not even . know if I want salt on my egg , let alone if I want to keep building car . then , do you remember when we sit here , that night , watch old Ben burn and dugazi ? you remember that ? speednod vaguely . pop ( cont 'd ) sittin ' here , cheer with you , something just click , like a light be switch on inside of I and after that , I never have trouble remember how I like I egg . 135 . continued : ( 3 ) speed jeez pop . that 's just it . that 's part of my problem . pop what ? speed that race . the ' 43 prix. burn and dugazi ? it be fix . remmington tell I the whole story . it be all about some dnf name rott . they have know the winner of every Grand prix for the past 50 year . it 's always fix . that 's a tough pill for pop to swallow . pop I do not believe that . remmington 's a crook . you can not believe a crook . speed I do not think he be lie , pop . pop the Grand prix ? a sham ? ding do . pop ( cont 'd ) who could that be ? with speed open the door . she seem to glow , radiating she own incandescence . speed horuko ?! horuko forgive I for intrude but I have to come before it be too late . speed eye she for a moment wonder if this be another set-up . horuko ( cont 'd ) this be not a trick . I swear to you . I be not my brother . pop you go to ask the lovely lady in ? 136 . continued : ( 4 ) speed yeah , sure . come on in . she step in , look somewhat out of place in the suburban live room . pop can I get you something to drink ? horuko no . my security man believe I be still at the opera , so I only have a moment . she turn to speed . horuko ( cont 'd ) I be very sorry for what happen . what my father and brother do be not right and I be ashamed . speed it 's fine . just another lesson learn . horuko no .. it be they who be in need of a lesson . she pull a envelope out of she bag and give it to speed . horuko ( cont 'd ) this rightfully belong to you . he open the envelope and he eye immediately light up . speed a invitation to compete in the 91st annual Grand prix ? horuko my brother be plan to decline anyway but I study the rule very carefully and as a member of the okamoto team , if you present this invitation on the day of the race , they must allow you to compete . pop burst into a smile and slap speed on the back . 137 . continued : ( 5 ) . pop whaddya think of that , Mr. its - always - fix ? speed horuko you do not have to say anything . I only hope you drive as you do in casa cristo and you wipe the smile from they face . pop we do not have a car . sparky ! sparky right here pop . sparky step out of the kitchen doorway . pop what be you do in the kitchen ? sparky same as everyone else . behind he the entire family peek out . speed I do not believe it . you be listen the whole time ? trixie go to he . trixie we be worried about you . horuko I would say good luck Saturday but you do not need it . you be already very lucky to have such a family . speed Goodbye and thank you . he close the door . pop come on ! we get work to do . 138. continued : ( 6 ) sparky but pop , the race be less than 36 hour away . pop be not that how fast remmington say he could build that tin can with all he fancy machine ? sparky yeah . pop then we will do it in 32 . let 's go ! he head for the garage , sprittle leaping after he . sprittle I want to help . pop well come on . sprittle chim-chim too ? pop we need everyone . int . racer family garage the family get to work , bolt , welding , drilling , cut , and grind . the framework of a car begin to materialize , assemble it seem out of thin air , human will make manifest as -- int . remmington industries laboratory a car be cover in a sheet bear the RI logo . remmington speak before mushi and he cadre of lawyer and assistant . remmington I swear to you Mr. mushi when the grx be reveal at the Grand prix and then capture the black and white checker the demand for we transponder engine will go through the roof . mushi.smile . 139 . int . racer family garage the racer continue to work , sparky beginning to fall asleep just as Mom bring he a big , steaming cup of coffee . the car be further along , but still a long way from finish . int . remmington's office paper be sign . hand be shake . picture pose for . the harmony of the corpratocracy complete as -- int . racer family garage the entire family , cover in sweat , blood , and grease , refuse to quit even as the sun rise on -- ext . the grand prix nothing we have see compare to the staggering scope of this track . it feel like a entire city ; grand stand rise up like can-open sky scraper surround by clover leaf of track that seem like origami fold highway . prepations be well under way , ad be position , light be check , make - up be apply to Ben burn and he announce partner , Cass Jones . int . racer family garage the racer gobble handful of potato chip , stuff quarter of p , B , &amp ; J sandwich into they mouth , rush to finish while -- int . grand prix penthouse caviar , shrimp and lobster be be set out on trays of ice beneath a glisten ice sculpture of . the grx . int . racer family garage the car be nearly finish , pop spraying on the paint as -- 140 . ext . grand prix grandstand the crowd have already begin to arrive . at the player entrance , fan swarm after cannonball Taylor who arrive in he gorgeous sport car . int . racer family garage sparky slam the access panel shut . sparky alright , fire it up ! everyone hold they breath as speed hit the ignition . the car make a sick bay rattle and smoke begin pour out of the engine . sparky ( cont 'd ) kill it ! kill it ! ext . grand prix remmington stand ready to reveal the grx . remmington lady and gentleman , behold the future . it 's black , shiny , and beautiful in a malefic way . int . racer family garage the clock continue to tick , everyone watch anxiously over he shoulder as sparky work . speed spark , it 's get late . sparky I know , I know . okay . give it a try . everyone brace as speed hit the ignition . it be the sound of a explosion hold in the palm of you hand . 141 . continued : speed sound beefy pop . pop it give you a little something extra . speed let 's get it load ! int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone this year mark a new record as the Grand prix will be broadcast in eighty - four different language . the camera pan . over the multitude of ethnic broadcaster . cass jone ( cont 'd ) just get bigger every year , do not it Ben ? BEN burn seem like it . int . grand prix penthouse the elite hobnob , champagne flute flash between feathered hat and waxy smile . the okamotos raise they glass to mushi . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone we have get a incredible lineup this year . some major competition . we get a few fan favorite like the Gray ghost , sonic " boom -boom " renaldi and Prince kabala . we get perenial powerhouse like nitro venderhoss , Gary " gearbox " kalinkov , and mori minimoto . BEN burn not to mention C ball . 142. continued : fuji announcer cannonball Taylor , fastest Grand prix seed in history , drive the new orx from remmington racecar . BEN burn she look mighty tight . fuji announcer . there be a odd numbered field today , nineteen , one shy of a full boat as katsu okamoto decline he automatic invitation after win the casa cristo . BEN burn hey there 's something go on down there . cass jone we be see some kind of commotion down at the trailer entrance . ext . trailer entrance a large group of security official be gather , stare at the invitation in speed 's hand . one of they start to shake he head when he hear -- inspector detector be there a problem here , officer ? tnt . grand prix penthouse remmington be in he element , everything seem to go exactly as plan until gennie come up behind he and whisper in he ear . gennie Sir , we have a problem . int . race official be room the door burst open as remmington charge in . his eye flash as though see ghost when confront by the entire racer clan . remmington what madness be go on here ? 143. continued : senior race official Mr. remmington , this be a legitimate invitation . we have verify it . remmington where do you get that ? speed I be on the okamoto team remember ? I win it fair and square . remmington this be preposterous ! he can not be allow to race . it 's too late . inspector detector the ruling on this be quite clear . try to stop it and you will be in blatant violation of the wrl charter , leave I no option but to shut this year prix down until a full investigation can be complete . remmington what ?! do you have any idea what that would cost ? be you insane ? inspector detector try I . remmington stew then spit a threat at speed . remmington you will regret this . speed doubt it . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone something big be go on because every race official have be - - wait , wait . a announcement be be make . a new driver be be add to the field . BEN burn Holy sh -- 144 continued : bleep . Ben burn get bleep by the network censor . ext . big board a name flash on as the driver be add . female announcer voice now drive in the twentieth and final position , speed racer . the roar from the crowd shake the window of -- int . grand prix penthouse concerned , knitted brow search the room in quiet panic while in private -- horuko allow herself the faintest smile . int . private office remmington meet in secret with cannonball Taylor . remmington a million dollar to the driver that take racer out . cannonball he will not get out of the block . remmington I prefer he to not even make it out of the locker room . cannonball smile as remmington start to turn . remmington ( cont 'd ) we be install a spear hook on the grx . cannonball I do not need one to beat that punk . remmington a precaution . 145 . int . locker room speed begin lay out all of he thing while the other driver move around he , wolf stalking prey . in a mirror , a yakuza tattooe driver eye speed while draw a straight razor up he neck . speed try to ignore he , digging through he bag , get more and more flustered until he realize -- he forget the red sock . speed oh no ... ext . grand prix grandstand the racer family find they seat . int . locker room the yukuza man move up behind a despair speed , straight razor flash as -- the Gray ghost cut he off . gray ghost hey kid -- : speed the Gray ghost ... gray ghost just want to say good luck . he reach out to shake , then whisper . gray ghost ( cont 'd ) there 's a million dollar bounty on you head . speed a million dollar ? wow . maybe I should take myself out . gray ghost watch yourself . you ruffling some pretty major feather here . 146 . continued : speed why be not you after the bounty ? gray ghost we little dance at fuji-- that 's how it should always be . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone as the car take to the field you can feel the anticipation mount in the audience . something be different . there be a electricity in the air . the presence of speed racer have completely change the equation . int . locker room speed be sit , still not dress . the break ritual have he confuse , not sure how to begin . a dress and helmete driver head straight at he but be divert by -- racer X speed racer ? speed turn , take a moment to realize the handsome millionaire playboy in the tux be unmask racer X . he glance down at speed 's belonging and see a picture of rex . speed oh , yeah . playboy / racer X I be quite a fan of yours and just want to say how glad I be to see you here . as they shake hand , racer X realize that something be wrong . playboy / racer X ( cont 'd ) be something wrong ? speed I just ... I get this thing ... its stupid , I know , a superstition , but I guess all of we get one . 147 . continued : playboy / racer X can I help ? speed suddenly notice the red trim of he tuxedo and he red tie . he look down and heave a sigh of relief . Red sock . int . player' tunnel speed rush out of the darkness of the tunnel into the brightly color , awe - inspiring venue that be the Grand priz coliseum . there be a dizzying onslaught of giant advertisement and jumbotron while the enormous crowd roar in lap wave like the surround ocean . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone there he be now , speed racer , perhaps the biggest wild card in Grand prix history . ext . grand prix starting line float camera blimp seem to hover everywhere include right next to speed -- catch he unawares with a gaper 's mouth . the image of speed look overwhelm be immediately broadcast onto the jumbotron elicite a laugh from the crowd . ext . grand prix grandstand trixie see speed on the big screen . trixie look ! there 's speed ! int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone speed racer get he first eyeful of the coliseum . 148. continued : BEN this be not Kansas baby ! ext . starting line the gorgeous Prince kabala strut for the crowd while a team of beautiful female mechanic push he jewel encrust car into place . he see speed help sparky push the Mach 5 into place . prince hey , mouth - breather , get use to this -- he show speed he ass . prince ( cont 'd ) ' Cause that 's what you be go to be look at all day ! speed try to ignore he and the other driver 's stare at he like a fox stare at a chicken . sparky howya feelin ' ? speed take a breath as he dare to look around again . speed . it 's big . sparky hey , this cockpit be the exact same size it be at thunderhead . speed right . sparky just want to say , thanks , for what could be the most exciting moment of my life . speed could not have get here without you . he hug he . 149 . continued : sparky I be look forward to that cold milk . speed I too . speed climb in as the speaker system blare -- female announcer voice lady and gentleman , start you engine . the engine erupt , crash against the wave of the roaring crowd but -- Inside the Mach 5 everything go completely silent . nothing exist now for speed except the track as he lose all separation between himself and he car . he take a deep breath and close he eye as the countdown begin . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone the final countdown have begin and a stillness have fall over this stadium as all eye turn to one car . BEN burn this be not a race . it 's a showdown . ext . grand prix again we cut to the many varied expression of anticipation : trixie , mushi , okamoto , sprittle , and chim - chim , katsu and horuko , Mom and pop , remmington and racer X who no longer have any sock , until -- the gun sound -- the car become bullet hurdle forward , except for the car in front of speed which barely move block he path -- he try to avoid it but can not , rear-end he while the car behind he slam into the back of the Mach 5 . 150 . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone trouble at the start , a misfire trap speed racer , cause a collision -- BEN burn uh-oh. look out ! ext . grand prix starting line a car to the side swerve aim straight at speed who manage at the last second a slip -jack jump -- flip over the car as it slam into the pile - up while -- speed gun he engine in the air so that when he hit the track there be a scream of burn rubber and the Mach 5 rocket out of the start to the cheer crowd . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone I do not know how he get out of that one -- BEN burn that -kid 's wiley . ext . grand prix track the first lap of the Grand prix be Ben hur brutal as car after car take a shot at speed but -- he use they aggressiveness throw they into each other -- litter the track with flame debris and bounce cocoon . int . grand prix announcer's booth they try to keep up but speed be even too fast for they . cass jone speed fake leave , jump right -- BEN burn Nice , nice -- 151 . continued : cass jone he slip in behind gearbox --- BEN burn here come over under -- ext . grand prix track speed execute another beautiful maneuver send gearbox crash into boom -boom -- both car go boom -boom , they rubber cocoon bounce free . int . grand prix announcer's booth Ben burn be giddy with glee . BEN burn I tell you ! I tell you ! cass jone speed racer seem unstoppable , move up from dead last , near the leader as they head into the slalom with the Gray ghost battle Prince kabala and cannonball Taylor for the lead . ext . grand prix track the Prince try to sight the ghost in he mirror but the Gray ghost seem to vanish . gray ghost where be I ? where be I ? I be here . I be over there . I be savior faire ! the Prince try to block the ghost but he can not seem to locate he . gray ghost ( cont 'd ) I be everywhere , baby ! wham ! the ghost be on he , pounce , slip into what feel like a shoulder throw that send the Prince spin out of control onto the onrush nitro -- shatter the Prince 's car like a mis-struck diamond reduce in one hammer stroke to twinkle dust . 152 . continued : the two more cocoon bounce onto the road as the other car roar past . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone a spectacular crash as the Prince 's jewel - cover gigerbon worth a estimate 22 million dollar be scattered over a quarter mile of track . BEN burn I would like to work clean up on that crash . they chuckle . cass jone but look out , as they approach the Big Drop , here come speed racer ? ext . the big drop the car head over as though fall off the end of Niagara and while other driver cling to they steering wheel just try to hang on -- speed press the accelerator , make he move -- bank higher than anyone up the big wall and when he dive back down there be only three car leave ahead of he -- the green mushi motor car , the Gray ghost , and the Black grx . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone speed racer be knock on the door of the new grx drive by cannonball Taylor . BEN burn you hoot anybody home ? 153 . int . mach 5 speed ok Mr. two time Grand prix , five time wrl , future Hall of Fame , teach I something . ext . grand prix track speed make a move and cannonball block , but it be clumsy and speed quickly counter -- bounce cannonball into the wall . speed come on ! be that it ? he swerve back and the two car begin to battle but it be immediately clear who be the better driver , as -- speed throw cannonball from one side of the track to the other . tnt . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone cannonball Taylor be in trouble . BEN burn tear `em up kid ! int . grand prix penthouse the knuckle of remmington 's fist crackle as he wring the tension . remmington do it . stop he . stop he now . int . mach 5 speed lesson 's over . see you at the finish line . speed slide into cannonball to throw he but as he do -- 154 . continued : cannonball throw a hide switch and under the two car a spear hook shoot out and lock onto the Mach 5 undercarriage . speed feel it and know what happen immediately . speed ( cont 'd ) no ! sparky what be it ? speed spear hook ! he 's get I ! cannonball slow drive both car into the wall , grind against the Mach 5 while the trail car shoot post . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone cannonball have speed pin as they grind through the butterfly turn . int . grand prix penthouse remmington relax as speed fall further off the leader pace . ext . grand prix grandstand sprittle understand immediately what be go on . sprittle that cheater ! he 's use a spear hook ! spear hook ! spear hook ! the surround crowd become uncomfortable . pop sprittle , we do not know that . sprittle I do ! cannonball Taylor be nothing but a big cheater ! 155 . ext . grand prix track they exit the butterfly turn and head into the slalom , both driver fight hard to force the other into the onrush concrete pylon . the paint be scrape first from the outside of the Mach 5 and then the grx as they barely avoid one pylon and then another , neither car gain a advantage until -- the Mach 5 begin to rattle , the stronger grx take advantage as they head for the final pylon --- where the camera that be broadcasting the two car onto the jumbo-tron be position . int . grand prix announcer's booth BEN burn this be go to be ugly . ext . grand prix track at the last second , speed hit the two outside jack cause both car to rise up onto the two outside wheel of the grx -- revealing the undercarriage and the hide spear hook to the camera . the crowd gasp . sprittle told you so ! chim - chim high fives he . sprittle ( cont 'd ) cheater never prosper ! ext . grand prix track the Mach 5 flip down , pancake the grx , while the Mach 5 crash free , leave the expose spear hook to hang limply from the front of the grx . 156 . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone cannonball clearly use a spear hook . BEN burn that could cost he the Hall of Fame . cass jone not to mention what it might do to remmington industry . BEN burn shame on they . int . grand prix penthouse people begin drift away from remmington as he feel the wall close in around he . ext . grand prix track switch but speed try to start the Mach 5 . he hit the the starter only grind . ext . pit stop sparky oh no , come on , do not do this . ext . grand prix grandstand pop watch through he binocular . pop do not quit on we now baby . int . grand prix luxury box racer X be watch with minx . racer X careful . listen to it . do not kill the starter . 157 . ext . grand prix track speed take a deep breath and it seem the entire stadium take it with he . he close he eye and try to listen to the car . speed what do you need ? something make he put the car in second gear . he step on the accelerator , then hit the starter and --- and the Mach 5 roar to life . the crowd scream to the wail of burn rubber . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone he 's back in it , but less than a lap and a half , I do not know what kind of chance he have . BEN burn come on kid ! move it ! ext . grand prix track the red sock flash as speed stomp on it , jam the accelerator to the floor . he 's a half - lap behind the entire field but every eye in the stadium be on the white and red streak of lighten as it -- thunders by , rattling the elaborate lace work of concrete and steel -- gain , inch by inch , foot by foot . int . grand prix penthouse people abandon the televise image , want to watch this miracle , to see it with they own eye . 158 . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone look at the split ! he 's shatter the lap record . BEN burn do not mean a thing without that checker . ext . grand prix track speed come out of the spiral , glimpsing the back of the trailer as they go over the Big Drop . where they ease over the edge , speed hurl out , go airborne , free-falling past two trailer , as -- the grade of the slope reach up and gently ease the Mach 5 back onto the track , to the delight of the crowd . the Mach 5 surf up the big bank , weaving through another pair that try to stop he with spectacularly disastrous result . outside the Mach 5 a maelstrom of violent chaos churn while -- Inside , speed be perfectly at pease . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone no hesitation , nothing faze he , no one seem capable of stop he . BEN burn this kid be not just drive - - he 's on a mission . int . grand prix penthouse remmington can not take it , lose all pretense of decorum . remmington stop he ! stop he ! 159 . ext . grand prix track speed weave through the butterfly cloverleaf , take each turn at such intense speed that the car he pass seem to be move in slow motion . by the end of the slalom , he be back where he leave off , with two car leave ahead of he -- mushi motor and the Gray ghost . gray ghost welcome back kid . be lonely up here without you . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone with a quarter lap to go speed racer be back , two car beneath he and destiny . int . mach 5 speed suddenly feel the weight of everything that have bring he . to this point . he. see image and hear voice , flash through he head , as though at he own death . the montage finish with the image of speed as a ten year old boy , draw picture of race car , make all the noise , lose in a dreamworld that have become reality . he see the finish line and make he move . the Gray ghost see it come first . gray ghost oh yeah , here we go , here we go . speed flash one way , then another , move in ghost - like feign , here there , and everywhere . gray ghost ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? what 's this ? hey now ! that 's my move ! before ghost know where to go , speed duck past -- 160 . continued : sling-shotting down alongside the mushi motor car . the yukuza driver try to block but -- speed jump , dodging the hit , cause the mushi car to swerve and then wildly correct -- swing back as speed hop -scotch over he again , just as -- the ghost fly in , take a broadside hit from the mushi car , both of they explode just foot from the finish line , as -- speed launch up and through the cloud of smoke and fire , crossing into history with the flash wave of the checker black and white -- flutter softly in the silence as the crowd begin to rise to they foot . the Mach 5 slide to a stop and for a moment speed catch he breath , then , slowly pull off he helmet he begin to let it all in -- the thunder of the crowd can be feel through he chest straight to he heart . int . grand prix penthouse remmington scream , overturn a table of caviar and lobster , crash the elaborate ice sculpture of the grx at the foot of mushi who turn and walk away in disgust . ext . grand prix grandstand pop ' chest be out , tear run down to he moustache as he wrap he arm around Mom , who go to piece as chim -chim and sprittle leap up and down , hugging trixie as -- int . grand prix penthouse the smile of katsu and he father be go give horuko no end of secret joy . ext . finish line the crowd storm over the barrier , swarm speed and the Mach 5 . 161 . int . grand prix announcer's booth cass jone it 's a pandemonium ! people have go completely crazy ! in fourteen year we have never see anything like this ! BEN burn it 's a whole new world baby , a whole new world . ext . finish line the crowd lift speed up onto they shoulder as we collage - pan to -- int . luxury box grand prix racer X watch he brother , a smile on he lip . inspector detector he do it . racer X lower he bino and turn to the inspector . racer yes , he do . inspector detector this could change everything . racer X it already have . inspector detector my man be bring the family down . do you want to go with they ? racer X he turn and take minx by the arm . inspector detector can I ask you a question ? do you ever think you make a mistake , hide the truth from they ? 162. continued : there be a flash of image as we glimpse the truth ; image of rex watch he car explode in the ice cave , he funeral , then the facial surgery , then the mask of bandage as one face be lose in a mirror and another be reveal . racer X if I do , then it 's a mistake I have to live with . he walk away while --- ext . victory lane several of the other driver 's lead by the Gray ghost applaud and salute speed as -- the racer family be lead through the swarm of photographer and fan . trixie speed ! she push towards he and he sweep she up into he arm and kiss she , surround by the sparkle of camera flash as --- sprittle cover chim -chim 's eye . sprittle danger . May cause cookie . Mom and pop both hug speed , they eye bright with joy as -- we rise up , up , and away . Roll snazzy credit . the end