speed by Graham yost this screenplay have be convert to a pdf file by screentalk '' http://www.screentalk.org fade in : ext . office build - twli ght a highrise in downtown L.A. , frame tall against the mountain . people stream out of the front door , leave work . CUT to : int . basement in the near darkness of basement , a security guard make he way into a inner cellar . his flashlight find a man in work clothes bent over a panel , he back to the light . guard hey . this area 's restrict . the man do not look around . we can just almost see he face as he talk . man yeah , | , uh , get calledin ... some of this wiring get screw up . guard nobody call it down to I . I be gonna have to see a work order . man yeah ... just one second ... closeup on he hand reach into he toolbox . he rise , turn , and a knife |s shove through he ear . it be pull back out with calmefficiency . the man turn , wide - eye , hand to he ear . mouth open in silent protest . out of he hand drop the work order . he slump over . die . howard fisk take off the guard 's hat . dripping knife aside , he be a ordinary - look man . his face be dead calm , only he eye betray the sea of hate behind it . he drag the body into a dark corner , grab a duffle bag from out of the shadow . then check he watch , he go to the panel and begin make adjustment of he own . we pan over to the door of the panel . it read : elevator . CUT to : int . office tower - elevat it 's the end of the day a elevator . the door open , people groan , shuttle on . laugh . int . elevator the young exec 's friend pr though it 's already light . young thanks for pushi never know -- th maybe it 's reall fri end oh shut up . a sweaty man , 5as , over wei corner beside he secretar hankie . int . elevator shaft the elevator descend quic elevator cable something wire to the cab car a slab of white put red light flash on the b explode . the cable whip and snap up the shaft int . elevator shaft ... blackout . voi ces what the hell ? int . elevator shaft the elevator drop fast . or bank - 42nd floor d people be wait for the it 's already crowded inside . a young exec moos . a few people ess the lobby button , the young exec nod . exec no that , Bob . e light 's on , y break . even you but ght , y. press tighter he nto pat at he brow with i t wi a kly . les , just above the elevator ty , a black box , wire . a small lack box a split second before it like retreate snake ... the voice yell . ( conti nued ) conti nued emergency break pop out , dig into ratchet in the shaft wall . spark shoot out . the elevator shudder to a halt . young exec Jesus , Bob . what button do you push ? smash CUT to ext . outside build - evening a car come screeching to a halt near the front of the building , a red and blue light flash on top . the door be throw open and swat officer jack traven step out from behind the wheel almost before the car have stop . Jack head straight for the entrance as harry temple , he older partner get out the other side and follow , toss Jack he flak jacket . Jack put it on without ever take he eye off the entrance as they make they way through police car , fire truck and various uniform . we see this two be a team , and that when they move , Jack take the lead . we be still tracking with Jack and Harry as we see two more swat guy emerge from another car , fall into step . another team join they as they enter the : int . lobby just as another pair burst in through another set of door finally eight swat member all wordlessly sync , walk with Jack and Harry until the whole unit stand in front of : captain herb mcmahon , 40s , on the phone ... norwood , he technical assistant , look at blueprint with bagwell , a middle - age guy with " building maintenance supervisor " on he worksuit . then McMahon hang up the phone , address the group . mcmahon what we have be fifteen people on the express elevator just below floor thirty . include among they be Louis tremain , chairman of nu- tech and owner of this building . ( more ) ( cont ! nued ) cont ! nued : mcmahon ( cont would ) bomb take out the cable . bomber want three million dollar , or he blow the emergency brake . harry what 's we clock ? norwood he give one hour , which leave we with twenty - three minute exactly . a cop anything else that will stop the elevator from fall ? jack the basement . bagwell that 's the truth . mcmahon the city be look to avoid that event . they be gonna release the money . harry ( not really ask ) we can not just unload the passenger . mcmahon bomber 's wire the elevator door and the hatch to trigger the bomb . which seat himin the crazy but not stupid section . jack ( raise he hand , smile ) Harry volunteer to examine the device . harry ( glaring at Jack ) ri ght . ( conti nued ) continued : ( 2 ) mcmahon Fine . you two check it out . otis nearest access panel 's on the 32nd floor , in the hall by storage . mcmahon | want report only . we be in a hold pattern . ( to two other ) Worthy , Briggs . secure the base area . no one in or out the back . ( to other ) the rest of you confirm building evac . move. harry ( to otis , as McMahon be still give order ) what about the other elevator ? bagwell in a emergency , all passenger car go to the nearest floor and shut down . jack ( smile ) look like we be walk . CUT to : int . stai rwell combat boot thunder up a metal staircase . Jack and Harry sprint up the stair . CUT to : int . elevator shaft blackness . sound of a power drill , muffle , through a wall . a three - by-three foot metal access panel be lift away ; light enter the shaft . ( conti nued ) conti nued Jack and Harry crawl through and stand on top of the elevator , Jack address the passenger while Harry check out the bomb . Jack have to raise he voice to be hear . jack lady and gentleman , this be the L.A. P. D. ( reaction ; relief , confusion ) there 's be a elevator malfunction . just relax and we 'l have you out of there as soon as possi ble . Harry stand , give Jack a significant look . jack ( smilin be | lie ? 9 ) harry ( into a mike at he chin ) confirm on the secondary device c4 , mold to the brake . ( to Jack ) what do you think ? jack you be the expert . | just work here . harry it 's pretty solid . jack anyone we know ? harry | do not recognize the work . but he 's a pro . mcmahon ( voice over ) traven , Temple . hold position . we be wait to hear back from he . stay on idle . ( conti nued ) continued : ( 2 ) Jack look at he watch jac shit. har they be cutti jac | do not like har what 's to like we hold . but Jack be get rea watch . har ( to di okay . pop qu uh ... terroris five pound of a deadman 's 's bl ow . jac how close be har twenty foot . jac taser . put e he will not let har .uh , fifty jac Nice try . ( Alter bl ow I ! har okay . airpor hostage , usin ( mo k ry no it close . k it . ry e ? Mac say hold . fidgety now . he look at he ry stract he ) iz , hot shot . t in a crowded room , dynamite . he 's get tick ; he let go , it k ? ry k nough volt in he , go for a hour . ry foot . k nate ) ry t . gunman with one g she for cover . be ) ( conti nued ) continued : ( 3 ) harry ( cont would ) he 's almost on a plane , you be a hundred foot away . ( a moment ) Jack ? Jack be look at the access panel . there be a moment before he come back to Harry 's train of think : then : jack shoot the hostage . harry what ? jack take she out of the equation . go for the good wound and he can not get to the plane with she . clear shot . harry you be deeply nut , Jack . shoot the hostage ... jack ( enough already ) this be wrong . he 's gonna blow it anyway . harry why ? jack | do not know . gut feel . harry well , right now Mac still outrank you gut , so we sit . jack how much do you think that elevator weigh ? harry ( he 's at it again ) Christ , Jack ... ( conti nued ) continued : ( 4 ) Jack start out of the shaft . Harry follow . jack maybe we can do something about that hostage . harry we be not gonna shoot ‘em , right ? omi tted CUT to : ext . roof - dusk Jack burst out of a roof access door and start look for something . Harry follow he . Jack run over to the edge of the roof where there be a wnch use by window - washer . large , heavy - duty . jack no , we just take them out of the equation . CUT to : int . elevator - same TI I the passenger , white with terror , fidget . CUT to : int . elevator housing shed Jack and Harry lug cable fromthe winch into the elevator housing on the roof . harry you sure it will hold ? jack ( confident ) it will hold . ( to convince himself . ) it will hold . Harry look at he watch . ( conti nued ) cont ! nued harry six minute . omi tted CUT to : int . lobby - same TI I Captain McMahon pace with he walkie talkie , talk to the brass at city hall . mcmahon we can not get any more time ! he 's not talk . we need goddamn money now . CUT to : int . another place - same TI I fisk have a radio set - up , be listen in on the various police exchange . he suddenly hear sound of Harry and Jack echoing down the elevator shaft . harry pop quiz , hot shot . psycho rig a elevator to drop thirty storey ... CUT to : int . elevator shaft Jack be be lower headfirst on a rope down the center of the shaft . he hold the window - wash cable with a hook on its end . he and Harry be speak through they microphone . harry . what do you do ? jack something else , right ? he continue down . the elevator approach . Jack come to the elevator car ... he signal and Harry stop . ( conti nued ) cont ! nued Jack look leery at the c4 by he foot . quietly secure the hook to part of the elevator 's frame . jack tell I again , Harry : why do take this job ? harry come on . thirty more year of this and you get a tiny pension and a cheap gold watch . jack ( excited ) cool . another place fisk listen . what be they up to ? housi no shed Harry look down the shaft one more time and run out to : ext . roof Harry run over to the window wash winch . he flip a switch and the winch start pull in the cable . int . shaft Jack watch as the extra cable start unspool , pull up . he start climb for the access panel . ext . roof the winch spool in cable . int . housing shed Harry look down at the elevator . another place fisk listen , hear the winch faintly . he finger a small box with a plastic button and a timer count down . Three minute leave . we notice that the hand finger the box be miss its thumb . ( conti nued ) cont ! nued he hand start move more agitatedly . fisk 's face register grow concern . two minute fifty - three second . wth sudden violence , he jab the button . not . elevator Jack take one final look down . there be still a bunch of slack cable lie on the elevator . on the bomb , atiny red ight come one . wthout hesitation Jack hurl himself through the access panel as the bomb blows . not . elevator he passenger scream as the elevator shake , begin to drop . ext . roof he cable snap tight not . housing shed nearly slice Harry in two . he dive to the floor . he elevator plummet . come to a abrupt stop . Springs slightly on he cable ... not . lobby - near the elevator bank everyone listen to the twanging of the cable echo down he shaft . bagwell usually they fall down now . not . hall Harry burst in fromthe stair . harry he 's early ! ( cont ! nued ) conti nued : jack let 's get they off . ext . roof - the W ndow - washi no W nch the weight on the cable be start to pull it fromit foundation . it groan and start to crack -- can not bear this weight for long . the wheel start to come off the track . then with a loud bang , the winch break free , fly across the roof and come to a stop at the door to the elevator machine room . int . hall Jack and Harry look at each other . and bolt . another floor - jack and harry emerge fromthe stair , race over to the elevator access panel ... harry ( into mike ) Mac ! we need people on 28 now ! the wi ndow washing W nch give a bit more under the strain of the cable ... the elevator it drop a fewinch . people yell , gasp , cry . jack and harry get the last screw out of another access panel . they can see the bottomtwo foot of the elevator door . wth a grunt they pry open the door . people 's foot and the sound of panic . jack / harry on the floor ! hand and knee ! let 's move it ! a woman lie down . Jack and Harry grab she hand , pull she out . then another . they pull out the ceo . ( conti nued ) conti nued : ceo what the hell be all this ? will more swat guy arrive and help pull . he winch about to break free ... ack and harry ... pull out two more people ... he W ndow washing W nch ... rip through the door frame , wedge against a engine ... he elevator drop sharply . oh God ... but then it stop , now with only the top three foot of the elevator show . he cable 's be hold by what 's leave of the platform -- some slat of splintering wood and length of bend metal . it 's give way slowly , a inch at a time . ack and harry now pull people up to get they out . they see the elevator sink , the open close . two and a half foot . two foot . they have one woman to pull out . she 's halfway ... she leg still in ... the cable pull free as the mass of wood and metal finally give way . the elevator drop . jack and harry pull the woman as hard as they can as the huge metal box fly down , shoot out spark -- ( conti nued ) continued : ( 2 ) her legs slide out as the top of the car race down on they -- she 's not gonna make it elevator shaft the elevator drop like a rock , trail cable . it drop so far that it disappear from sight . a huge sound when it hit bottom . int . MAIN lobby McMahon and the other swat and bomb guy be almost knock off they foot by the impact reverberate throughout the building . elevator door in the lobby buckle out fromthe air concussion . int . hall the woman , terrify , look down at she leg . the elevator just clipped off she high heel . Jack and Harry exchange a look . the other swat guy usher the rescue passenger to the stairwell as Jack and Harry lean against the wall , a little out of breath . jack be you watch sl ow ? harry ( shaking he head ) he jump the gun . we have three minute . jack why do he do that ? he 's blow three million . harry maybe he could not hold he wad long enough . it 's a common problem among middle - age man , although | myself ( conti nued ) conti nued : jack he 's here . harry he could have blow that thing from pacoi mar . jack no , he know we be up to something . he 's close by . harry he 's not gonna corner himself in the building . we evacuate anyway . ae sp ck do not reply , and Harry see he 's convinced . so he ink . harry so he would want to be here , but he would want to be mobile . ( click ) the elevator . jack passenger car be stop , right ? they check them out . harry what about the freight elevator ? int . by freight elevator they get to the freight elevator door , pry they open . they |ook down . the freight elevator be stop five floor below they . they can hear movement in the elevator . jack wii the mystery guest please sign in ... jack slide down the elevator cable . harry Jack , we do not even know if ( conti nued ) cont ! nued but he 's go . after a moment 's hesitation , Harry follow , climb down rung . int . elevator shaft Jack and Harry move down the shaft . the freight car ... as Jack arrive . pull he 9 mm Glock and step fromthe rung lightly onto the car . harry right behind he . the car sink slightly fromtheir weight Jack point at the hatch cover on the elevator roof . Harry nod and pull he Glock . he and Jack kneel by the hatch cover . Jack grab the handle . Harry make the countdown hand signal . Three , two - a shotgun blast nearly take they head off , splintering part of the hatch cover . both man jump back . a second shot right by Harry 's foot send he jump away , he step on the hatch cover and it give away . he fall into the elevator , hit he head badly . jack Harry ! we hear Harry be knock out by the butt end of a rifle int . elevator fisk 's finger push a button on a control panel jack sprawied out as the elevator start to rise . another 's not gun blast take out a plate-size chunk right next to im . Jack want to return fire , but hear Harry yell in pain and do not know where to shoot . another blast right next to he keep he prone in the corner . he sense something and look up he p.o. V. the elevator barrel toward the ceiling of the shaft . ( conti nued ) conti nued : jack wth no other choice , jump foot first through the pen hatch . int . elevator Jack come crash down into the elevator , land hard . the air be thick with shotgun smoke . the few light not shot out flicker . Jack look up and be transfix . he 's look into ... the barrel of a shotgun he hear a voice out of the smoke . fisk | do not suppose anybody would pay three million just for you . fisk chuckle . then a loud , dull click . another click . the shotgun be empty . jack bring he gun up fast . jack Drop it ! the gun drop . through smoke and flicker light , Jack get a good |ook at Howard fisk . fisk be calm , he arm around the still groggy Harry . in he hand be a deadman 's stick . his coat open enough for we to see he have stick of dynamite roped around he chest . fisk pop quiz , hotshot . terrorist hold a police hostage . he 's get enough dynamite strapped to he chest to blow the building in half . what do you do ? int . lobby McMahon scream into he walkie talkie . ( conti nued ) conti nued : mcmahon | want location on that goddamn shot ! Briggs ! where be Jack and Harry ? norwood Sir , we get movement in the freight elevator . McMahon look at he , puzzle . int . elevator Jack keep steady aim at fisk . jack there 's gonna be fifty cop wait for we in the basement . FI sk Standard flanking deployment , right ? fisk open the elevator control panel . wre feed into a small box fisk have hook up . fisk hit a couple of button . FI sk we will just get off on the fl int . lobby the elevator indicator light stop at the third floor . mcmahon third floor ! let 's move it ! the swat cop run . int . elevator ding ! the elevator reach p1 . FI sk well , end of the line . this day have be a real disappointment , | do not mind say . ( conti nued ) 20 . conti nued : jack why , ' cause you do not get to kill everyone ? true hatred flash in fisk 's eye . fisk there will come a time , boy , you will wish you never meet I . jack I be pretty much there already . fisk start to back up , drag Harry with he . fisk see , |'min charge here ! | drop this stick , they pick up you friend with a sponge . angle on harry the deadman 's stick right before he eye . FI sk ( to Harry ) be you ready to die , friend ? harry fuck you . fisk ( warily ) in two hundred year we have go from ' ! regret that | have but one life to give for my country 's to " fuck you . ' harry go ahead ! Drop the stick ! jack ( to Harry ) shut up ! fisk man , we get all the ball in the world right here ! ( conti nued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) jack give it up ! fisk drag Harry out . Jack do not know what to do . Harry look at Jack . he barely mouthes the word . harry shoot the hostage . Jack can not move . fisk and Harry head toward swinging door that lead to the garage . Jack watch , gun train on fisk . harry do it . he shift aim and blast Harry in the leg . Harry go down and fisk can not take he anywhere . almost I aughing with disbelief , fisk let go , start run . Jack start shoot through the pipe and crate . one of the shot graze fisk in the neck , spin he back to face Jack . even then , fisk have this strange grin on he face . fisk stumble through the door . jack run after he , reloading as he do ... the door ... swing back and forth . they slow . stop. a huge explosi on blast out fromthe garage . rip the door from they hinge . light go out . plaster and cement fly . jack be knock fifteen foot back into the far wall . he lie still . fade to black 22 . int . CITY hall medal ceremony - day the elevator hostage and cop in attendance . Jack and Harry stand to one side of the podiumin full dress uniform as the Mayor give a dron speech . Harry have a cane . mayor ... the dedication and bravery that make L.A. 's finest truly she finest . Fifteen citizen owe they life to this team , and particularly the two officer we be here to honor ... thanks to they , the only life take by a terrorist 's bomb be he own ... angle on jack and harry eye front . Harry quietly fume . harry you shot I ... 1 can not believe it ... they be give you a medal for shoot I , you little prick ... the commissioner pin on Harry 's medal . there be applause . the commissioner move to pin on Jack 's medal and we : CUT to : int . fisk garage - conti nuous we see the ceremony on tv , a close - up of Jack 's face as the audience applaud again , somewhat louder . pull out to reveal a bank of four tvs , all show the same shot of Jack . the tvs be all fairly old , not fancy . fisk sit before the screen , stone face . slowly , loudly , he applaud . close up on he hand again we see it ; no leave thumb . 23 . ext . fisk house we hear the clap as we see he house in the twilight . a completely unremarkable suburban home , flanke by two more just like it . CUT to : int . bar - that NI ght the local cop dive . the cop sit cluster at a few table , celebrate . McMahon be stand , make a toast . mcmahon okay . okay . here 's to harry , for he quick think , he grace under pressure and he brave and selfless act ... many " here here 's . mcmahon ... and to Jack , for shoot Harry , which God know we have all want to do for some time . laugh . McMahon quiet they . mcmahon no. okay . you know what it be to the guy , for do you job and not get dead . mazeltov . everyone drink . McMahon sit as Jack be call upon to speak . cop speech ! Jack , a toast ! come on . he do not want to , but he stand . jack okay . um , I would like to thank all the little people -- many boo . ( conti nued ) 24 . conti nued : jack -- |' mfuzzy on name , but | know you be all very tiny . Harry , you be a god ... uh , | do not know ... here 's to ... tiny pension and a cheap gold watch . " here here " 's . everyone drink . dissolve to : int . bar - later the dregs of the occasion . the fewthat be leave be fairly souse . McMahon and Jack be at the bar , talk . the bartender , sandy , pour they each a shot . sandy here you go . thirty -fifth round be on the house . jack ( to Mac ) nobody want I to be a cop . my dad say if | want to prove myself as a man | should sell tire like he . ( to Sandy , be : shot ) his be bigger than mine . try sit at the table with a few cop , include robin , female cop . he vaguely paw at she as she stand . harry come here . come on , hey , sit on my lap . sit on my lap and do a dance . ha a she fend off he hand . robin ( good naturedl y) piss off , Harry . you be marry . harry | be ? ( conti nued ) 25 . conti nued : angle on jack and mcmahon mcmahon that 's what this jobis . it 's that moment when everything compress and it 's just you and he . that moment . other job be just type . and that 's what real people do not understand about cop . jack that we be psychotic . mcmahon yes . well put . that be you problem with what 's - she -name . what be she name ? jack ( think a moment ) Debbie . mcmahon debbie. ( remember ) donna ! jack oh. right . angle on harry be look at a picture of he wife in he wallet . harry this be my wife ? she 's gorgeous ! I be go home ! I be gonna get some . he stagger up and over to Jack as McMahon head for the j ohn . harry jaaaaaack . jack ( imitate he ) haaaaarry . druuuuuunk . ( conti nued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) harry ( put he arm around he ) Jack ... you know what we be ? we be the two luckiest guy in the world . get the bad guy and didn ' lose any civilian . jack we be good harry ( dead serious , in he face ) we be lucky . understand it , Jack we be deal with a total psycho ; he could have blow we up anytime . | get a bullet in I - six inch off the mark and they give the medal to my wife jack Harry , man , we win . we get he . harry do you listen ? I be not gonna be back you up for a long while so you gotta start think . gut ' Ill get you so far , and then they will get you kill . luck run out , Jack . sooner or later a moment , as Harry 's word sink in . Harry 's say he piece : he pull himself up , sway . Jack help he harry I be gonna go home and have some sex . jack Harry , you be gonna go home and throw up . harry well , that will be fun too ( conti nued ) 27 . continued : ( 3 ) as they exit frame we : CUT to : int . jack apartment - morning Jack 's airy Venice loft apartment . very clean , slightly industrial in look . a large model of a sailing boat proudly display in one corner , the other corner hold a complete entertainment center . Sports equipment be carefully place along one wall . Jack wake up lie on top of he cover , wear short and a tee shirt . he look much the worse for wear . the tv be on by the bed , the today show blaring at Jack . he sit slowly up and regards the tv with a bleary eye . jack Katie ... Love I , Katie . Bryant will never respect you the way | do . wnce froma hangover , he pull on he sneaker . get up , grab some aspirin that he chew like candy , go for the door and the camera track along , lead he as he head out ... ext . jack ' S house ... the door and start slowly down the street , jogging , pick up speed , the bleariness leave he face and we be still lead he along as he start sprinting , run flat out down the sun-bake street . CUT to : int . jack bathroom - later Jack stand under a steaming hot shower , face to the water . CUT to : ext . starbucks - a little later Jack be exite with a cup off coffee as bob park he bus across the street and run to the cafe . ( conti nued ) 28 . conti nued : bob hey , Jack . you look like a side order of hash . jack thanks , Bob . vince the boy be up late celebrate . vince have Bob 's coffee ready ; they make the exchange like clockwork . Jack head for he car as Bob cross back to he bus . bob wid party , huh ? jack | do not remember that well . can 's have be too great ; | wake up alone . bob yeah , well , last time | party like that | wake up marry Bob hop in the bus and take off . Jack put he breakfast on the top of he car as he dig for he key . the bus explode . jack half -turn as the shock wave knock himoff he foot . car alarm wail . people run . the bus carcass burn , twisted metal and flame plastic where Bob be . Jack move forward on instinct , but there 's nothing he can do and the flame force he back . as Jack stare in shock , we notice a phone ringing , get louder as it filter into Jack 's consciousness . suddenly it dawns on he and he turn , dreamlike , and walk to the phone . pick up the receiver ( conti nued ) conti int . nued fisk a big old away . he 29 . ( 2 ) fisk what do you think , Jack ? you think if you can find all the driver 's tooth they will give you another medal ? jack Jesus ... | ntercut W th : S car american car . he have it park a block or two speak on a cellular fisk twenty second delay on the deadman 's stick . I amin the airduct when it blow . do you think | would not have prepare ? | spend two year set up my elevator job . two year . invest myself in it . you could not understand the commitment | have . a child , Jack , you be a child . you ruin a man 's life 's work , and then you think you can walk away ? you get blinder on , to the world . but | get you attention now . do not | , Jack ? jack why do not you just come after I ? fisk oh , now you be get a swell head . this be about my money , the money |'m due , which | will get Three point seven million dollar . that 's be my original sum , plus interest compound quarterly and expense . none of this have to happen , Jack . | hope you realize that . that bus driver could have go home to he wife and child toni ght . ( more ) ( conti nued ) 30 . conti nued : fisk ( cont would ) how long do you think it will be before they start worry about he ? he 's so late come home ... jack ( nearly lose | find you , man , you all over . fisk pop quiz , hotshot . there 's a bomb on a bus . once the bus hit fifty mile a hour , the bomb be armed . if the bus drop below fifty , it blow up . what do you do ? it ) when I be gonna kill Jack be still lose . fisk what do you do ? Jack pause , accept the challenge . jack I would want to know what bus it be . fisk you think I be go to tell you that ? jack yes. fisk ( smile ) very good . ( smile vanish ) now there 's rule , Jack ; we have to do this right . no one get off the bus . if you take any of the passenger off , | will detonate it . if | do not get my money by 11:00 a.m , there be also a timer . Jack look at he watch . it 's 8:05 ( cont ! nued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) jack we can not pull that money in time - angle on fisk FI sk focus , Jack ! you concern be the bus . do not try to call , you 'l find they radio be down . it 's number 2525 , run downtown from Venice . it 's at the corner of lincoln and pico . should be head onto the freeway right about ... angle on the phone swing on the line . Jack 's already go FI sk now smash CUT to jack ' S car tire squeal as Jack pull out . CUT to : ext . bus stop the bus be pullin twent ysomet hi no g annie , a attractive n bolt after it . ss I away . a Arizona tee shirt and casual clothes , t be a good half block away by the time he run alongside , yell at the driver | ing , praying . SAM , the driver , finally relent . he stop and open the oor . she reach it . mime begging , smi SAM this look like a stop to you ? ( conti nued ) 32 . conti nued : anni E ( hopping on ) you be a saint , Sam . you be a good , kind man and people will ! write song about you one day . she smile at he , chew on a wad of gum he start up again as she dig in she pocket for fare . she come up with bill . anni E do you have any change ? he roll he eye as : angle on the bus it pull onto the freeway . int . the bus Annie be exchange money with mrs . kamino , a asian office worker . annie thanks . | have all this change at home , but | always forget ... mrs . kami no that 's okay . she deposit the change and make she way to the middle of the bus . she wave to ortiz , a large repairman . anni E hey , Ortiz . ortiz Annie . she plop herself down in front of doug stephen , a obvious tourist . stephen first time in l.a .? annie no , | live here . ( conti nued ) 33 . conti nued : stephen no , | mean mine . well , that 's just funny -- you hear I wrong . I be sightseeing . | hate to use the word ' tourist ' , but ( hold up he map and camera ) it 's not like | can hide it ! anni E not really . stephen you know , it take I three hour just to get here fromthe airport . | get so lose . L.A. be one large place . but you live here , you probably do not notice . I be such a yokel . there ; | say it . while he be say it , Annie quickly stick she gum on she seat . annie oh ! there 's gum on my seat ! oh , eew . she stand , point . annie ( as if teach he the word ) gum . thus excuse , she make she way back to the front . she sit by helen , a middle - age secretary . smile vaguely at she . anni E Morning . helen you be lucky , you know . Sam would not stop for just anyone . annie yeah , well , if he would be late once | would not have to catch he . ( conti nued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) helen not out Sam . ext . santa monica street - day fic , honk , ing ... turn onto lincoln in a control four- wheel d . ext . bus ( moving ) - freeway frustrate , Jack weave in and out of traf yell ski the bus be pick up speed . ext . freeway on - ramp Jack speed up the on-ramp almost sideswipe a new bi ack xj - 12 jaguar convertible . the driver scream at Jack . int . / ext . bus ( moving ) - freeway the bus in traffic , pick up speed . the speedometer read 45 and climb . a few passenger be talk ; other be read -- a day like any other day . Annie look at she watch , address hel en . helen oh | just could not drive on the freeway anymore . | would get so tense . this way | can just relax all the way to work . annie well , | love my car . | miss my car . helen in the shop ? annie nnnhyyeah . helen do you work downt own ? ( conti nued ) 35 . conti nued : annie uh-huh . ( off helen 's expectant pause ) I 'ma graphic designer . helen really ? where do you work ? anni E uncle salty 's seafood Hut . helen nod understandingly . anni E ( as a perky waitress ) try the shrimp fries , only fifty cent extra . ( as a human ) anyway it 's only temporary , till | can get enough money together to shoot myself . ext . freeway Jack be frantic , weaving in and out of traffic . insert - bus speedometer almost touch 50 ... then ease off . there 's a traffic jam ahead and the bus slow down . passenger groan . anni E ( to Sam , be : car ) can not you go over they ? ext . freeway Jack grin . it 's go to be okay . ext . the freeway a half - mile ahead , there 's a accident block the three right lane . there be flame on the road and a policeman be try to direct traffic . ( conti nued ) 36 conti nued traffic be back - up a hundred yard fromthe accident and be tunneling through the one open lane -- the far leave lane Jack see the bus . it be mire in the jama well . but it 's all the way over to the leave , fifty yard from Jack Jack pull he car over onto the right shoulder , stop and get out . he hurry for the bus . it 's a race against time , as the bus be head for the choke point , building speed as the car funnel through ahead of it . Jack get to the bus , just as it 's about to go past the accident . he run along beside it , knock on the bus door . jack stop ! open up mrs . kami no that guy really want to get on the bus . annie ( dryly ) can you blame hi m ? SAM get off the door , man ! wait for the next one . jack l.a.p.d .! stop the bus but he be barely audible frominside . he pull he badge out of he back pocket , but be bump by a pass car in the right lane , and drop it . helen maybe you should let himon , Sam Annie give a concerned | ook . pam speed up to get away from Jack as Jack retrieve the adge . a young Hispanic , ray , watch Jack chase the bus . he look around at everyone nervously . say nothing . ( conti nued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) Jack try to get in front of the bus , but Sam do not slow down , so Jack have to get out of the way . the bus be get away . he 's run as fast as he can . he try to pull the rear door . no go . the door slip from he grasp . he pound futilely on the last plastic side panel , and the bus be go . Jack stagger , double over , exhaust . Cars honk at he , swerve around he . Jack look back . his car be a half mile back , still in thick traffic , not a issue . Jack stop out in front of the oncoming car . jack St op ! we hear brake screeching and a man yell . jaguar owner what the fuck ? the jaguar owner , late 20 , curse Jack from behind the wheel of he brand new xj-12 convertible . Jack flash a badge . jack lapd . get out of the car . jaguar ower oh , Jesus , not again . ( to Jack , piss ) this be my car , okay ? | own this car . it be not steal . Jack pull he gun . jack it be now . Jack open the door . jack move over . ( conti nued ) 38 . continued : ( 3 ) the man hesitates a second , then get up and climb over the center console into the passenger seat . Jack holster he gun , jump in and step on it . jaguar ower you scratch this puppy , we be gonna have word . int . the bus Sam accelerate . we hear the automatic transmission downshift . insert - speedometer 45 and climb ... jack Chasing the bus , weaving in and out of traffic honk , flash the jag 's light . the car 's owner hold on with white knuckle and eye close insert - bus speedometer 46 , 47 ... jack catch up to the bus . he lay he hand on the horn . SAM look down fromthe bus at Jack . double take . it 's the same guy who be run after the bus ! and he 's yell somet hing . ortiz man definitely have a hard - on for this bus . Ray watch the car with grow unease . he get up and go to the rear of the bus , slump way down . jack try to be hear above the engine noise ( conti nued ) 39 . conti nued : jack I be a cop ! Sam 's eye narrow . he open the window . SAM what ? Jack flash he badge . jack l-a-p-d . there 's a bomb on you bus ! jaguar owner ( shocked ) there 's a -- fuck ! SAM | can not hear you . jack there 's a bomb on the bus . Sam shake he head -- he can not hear Jack . Jack look around . see sheet music on the back seat . jack grab that , willya ? | need something to write on . the jaguar owner hesitates a beat , then grab the sheet music . jack | want you to write on the back in big letter . bomb on bus . jaguar owner be this for real ? jack just write it . the jaguar owner start to write . Jack accelerate sharply , snap the jaguar owner 's head back . the jaguar pull in front of the bus ... ( conti nued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) on the bus Sam and the passenger be look out at Jack , wonder what the hell be go on . insert - speedometer 48 , 49 ... jaguar the jaguar owner hold the sheet music up . the wind rip it from he hand . SAM look up as the sheet music plaster against he windshield : bomb on bus . Sam stunne . then the wind whip it away . Sam break into a cold sweat ... insert - speedometer 48 , 49 , 50 . under the bus a mass of slab of white putty wire to a black box . a red light come on , blink . the explosive be armed . two other smaller bomb also under the bus , be armed . we do not see exactly where they be . they be just one cake of C - 4 apiece . int . the bus Sam 's eye go wide . SAM s$ foot instinctively ease off the gas . bus speedometer drop 55 , 54 , 53 ... ( conti nued ) 41 . conti nued : jack see the bus slow . he look down at the jag 's speedometer . it read 55 . jack no ! Sam look at Jack , the bus continue to slow . Jack motion for himto speed up . jack speed up ! sam' foot hold the pedal steady . the bus the speed level off . samlook questioningly at Jack . Jack yell as loud as he can . jack fifty ! stay above fifty ! Sam hear he . he look at Jack -- do he mean what he think he mean ? Jack nod . samtremble a little . SAM S foot press down on the gas pedal , accelerate . jack driving intently . the owner have he cellular phone out . jack 470-8000 . ask for detective Harry Temple . jaguar owner Harry Temple . it 's urgent . he listen a moment , then hand the phone to Jack . ( conti nued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) jack Harry . | ntercut W th : int . police stati on Harry at he desk ; a sleepy morning . Robin and swat cop # 1 be work in the b.g. harry you better not be call in sick , " cause | drag my ass out of jack he 's alive . harry what ? jack the bomber , Harry . he 's back . McMahon and norwood burst in , in mid-conversation . norwood he hit one in Venice already . Fire chief say there 's nothing leave . mcmahon Temple ! we just get a ransom demand from you dead terrorist ! say he rig a city bus . where 's Jack ? harry where do you think ? ext . freeway - jack be drive like a maniac . the jaguar fishtail on the shoulder , car horn blaring at he . Jack get back alongside the bus -- now on the bus 's right , by the door . he 's worried . the traffic be already thicken . ( conti nued ) 43. conti nued : on the bus Sam hear a honk and look out the passenger door . Jack have pull the jag around to that side . he 's drive on the shoulder , yell at he . he can not make he out . Sam flip the door control . jack drive straight . stay in this lane . SAM what ? jack look around . how to do this ? he look at the jag 's door -- it 's a problem . so he speed ahead of the bus , open the door , swing it wide . the wind try to push it shut but he hold it . jaguar owner what be you do ? jack be you insure ? jaguar ower ( panicked ) why ? but Jack be already slamm on the brake . jaguar owner shit ! the jaguar ' S wheel smoke . the bus come up fast , smashes into the door , rip it off . ( conti nued ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) on the bus everyone look in amazement as the jaguar , minus the door slow beside the bus . jack keep straight ! jaguar jack take the wheel he stand on the edge of the seat as the owner scramble to get into it . Jack prepare to jump . he 's just about to but ... SAM some yahoo in front of himis go forty . he have to swerve . jack yell , leap from he car . it do not look like he 's go to make it . his right hand grab the bottom of the handrail at the front of the bus . Jack howl . his shoulder be wrench . he feet be drag over the pavement the jaguar the owner be struggle to get control of the car . he can not do it in time . the jag plow into the big yellow water - fill collision barrel at a off-ramp . the driver , unhurt , crane to see if Jack make it okay . jack pull himself with one arm , up onto the bus step . 45 . int . bus Jack catch he breath , look up . dust himself off everyone on the bus be stare at he . Jack hold up he badge . Ray look around he , concerned jack everyone , |'m Jack traven , l.a.p.d . we get a : ight ... situation on the bus be ... Annie rise from she seat anni E what 's go on ? be you crazy ? jack ma'am , if you will please sit down , we can deal with this in a orderly -- anni E but what be you -- jack ma ' be his tone be so stern she sit right down . Jack make he way down the bus , look at everyone in the back , Ray start sweat as Jack approach . his hand reach for something under he coat jack ...1 for everyone will just stay in you seat and remain calm and quiet , then we will be able to defuse the ... problem so , sit tight . Ray suddenly leap out of he seat ray get away from I ! he level a gun at Jack . instinctively Jack whip he own out , and the two be at close range stand - off . Ray | ook more scared than anything . there be a few scream . ( conti nued ) 46 . conti nued : jack | do not know you , man . I be not here for you . let 's not do this . ray ( to Sam ) stop the bus ! jack he can not . ray shut up ! he move forward . Jack back up , slowly . terry ( to Ray ) stay cool , man . ray ( to Sam ) stop the bus ! Sam look around , unsure what to do jack look . I be put my gun away . ( he do , slowly ) okay ? okay ? listen . | don ' care about you crime . whatever you do , I be sure ... that you be sorry , and so it 's cool now . it 's over . ( he drop he badge on the ground ) and I be not a cop right now . see ? we be just two cool guy . just hang on the bus . despite the fumble manner of Jack 's speech , he tone do have a hypnotic lull . Ray look like he might | ower the gun . Ortiz jump he jack no !!! ( conti nued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) he rush forward as Ortiz and Ray struggle . a shot go off , everyone ducking and scream . a second shot . the driver 's partition shatter . samlurch to one side , hit in the back . helen Sam ! |! the bus swerve sickeningly as Sam slump over . Annie dive for the wheel , helen to help Sam . Jack move in and with two crunching blow disarm and subdue Ray . simultaneously : anni E ( to hel en ) move hi m ! helen he 's bleed ! anni E I have get to stop this thing ! Jack spin around . jack no ! stay above fifty ! anni E we have get a wounded -- jack you slow down and this bus 'l | expl ode ! silence . Annie look briefly back at Jack , see he 's not kid . she look back at the speedometer , which be almost under 51 . pushes she foot on the accelerator . Jack address everyone as he handcuffs Ray to a pole . jack there be a bomb on this bus . if we slow down , it will blow . ( more ) ( conti nued ) 48 . continued : ( 3 ) jack ( cont would ) ( click on one cuff ) if anyone try to get off , it 'l bl ow ( click on the other ) Wide eye , some quiet tear . Terry stand up . terry oh , this be bullshit ! nobody 's gonna -- this be some joke jack ( in he face ) be we gonna have a problem now ? a moment . Terry back down . helen he 's bleed bad ! | do not know what to do . there 's all this blood ... Mrs. kamino pull off she sweater , go over and wrapping it around Sam 's shoulder . jack only gonna make it through for everyone stay calm and own . ( to Ortiz ) that mean you , gigantor we 'r he its e i q ao Terry move to help lay Sam out more comfortably . Jack go over to Annie . she be stare straight ahead , death grip on the wheel : she 's terrify . annie this be great . a bomb on wheel . jack ma'am , can you handle this bus ? annie sure . sure , | can do this . it 's just like drive a really big Pinto . ( conti nued ) 49 . continued : ( 4 ) jack ( not amused ) can you handle it ? annie ( bridle ) I 'mfine . what 's the plan , be there a plan ? jack ( take the cellular from he back pocket ) just for you to drive . we be okay for now . just stay above fifty . she take a breath . calm herself . he dial . annie you be a cop , right ? jack that 's right . annie then | should probably tell you : I 'mjust take the bus ' cause | have my driver 's license revoke . jack what for ? annie speed . he allow himself a grin as he dial . ext . heli pad norwood and McMahon board a police chopper . it lift off . ext . freeway the bus race along . High above it we see the local news helicopter , camera train on it . 50 . int . fisk room all four tvs be on , play all the different newscast . fisk sit , watch the various helicopter shot of the bus . we focus in on channel 7 , the newscaster 's voice rise fromthe general cacophony . channel 7 anchor apparently a_member of the l.a.p.d. swat team board the bus just minute ago ... fisk would that be you , Jack ? CUT to : int . bus Jack on the phone . jack where do we start ? | ntercut W th : int . police station Harry at he desk . Robin and swat cop # 1 . harry okay ... check the speedometer . have it be fuck with , loosen ... any wire ? Jack check . jack no , it 's clean . harry then it 's gonna be under the bus . probably rig to one of the axle . jack | can not get under the bus right now , Harry . it 's kind of in motion . ( conti nued ) 51 . conti nued : Sam make a grunt sound in Jack 's direction . helen Officer ? hey , Officer traven . she beckon to Jack , who kneel by Sam . SAM there 's ... access panel ... in the floor . he point to the center of the bus . jack ( into phone ) hold on . he go over and unscrew the panel , pull it aside . pavement rush beneath he . he hand the phone to stephen . jack hold on to this , please . tell he what | see . stephen take the phone nervously as Jack stick he head down through the hole . it be dark and cramped down there . jack okay , there 's a wad right here , pretty big ... stephen ( into phone ) there 's a pretty big wad ... jack brass fitting ... | think | can reach the circuit wire . stephen he can reach the circuit wire . harry do not . that will be a decoy . harry what else ? ( conti nued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) jack hold on ... Jack .v. , the ww. it 's hard to see very far with tank and pipe . lower he head even further down . from he P. undercarriage closer to the front come into vi jack 0 . e fuck I ... there be a obscene mass of plastique stick to the front . detonator , wire , a jerry -rigged timer build around a gut gold wristwatch . a lot of the gold plate have flake off , dull grey beneath . stephen ( transl ating ) oh darn ... Jack pull himself out of the hole , grab the phone . jack Harry , there 's enough c4 on this thing to put a hole in the world . harry ( worried ) all right , be calmlike I . what else ? jack Three triggers . one on the axle | can not really see . cellular remote and a timer , run off a wristwatch . something about that bother Harry . harry what kind of watch ? jack too far to see . gold band , fairly cheesy . annie Officer ... ( conti nued ) 53. continued : ( 3 ) jack what 's on you mind , Harry ? anni E traven , now Jack race to the front , look out the window with Annie there p.o. V. ahead , a domino tide of red brake light wash back . jack get on the shoulder Annie nod , veer onto the right shoulder , blast past the slow traffic . but then they see .. there p.o. V a half - mile ahead , there 's a stall car be roll onto the back of a tow truck on the shoulder . behind it , there 's a off - ramp annie get off or stay on ? jack ( think ) shit . Annie try to squeeze the bus between the tow truck and the slow lane . he hit the car on back , send it flying over the front of the truck . she keep go , sideswipe several car . anni E Jack ... what now ? jack off. off ! Annie steer off the freeway at the last second , onto the exit ramp . 54 ext . the bus roar down the off-ramp , slamm into the water barrel . Far ahead , car be stop at the light . the ramp be a single lane . the bus jump the curb , take out roadway sign , reflector and car mirror . int . the bus for the next few minute , whenever she do not need to use both hand to drive , she hand be on the horn . jack everybody hold on ! Annie 's hand and foot be in constant motion . the passenger be knock about , yell . Jack and Annie 's face -- uh -oh . they see ... a red light at the bottom of the ramp . Cross traffic . anni e' '' foot hesitates over the brake , then ... jack ' s§ foot stomp on the gas . the bus rocket through the intersection . Cars fishtail , nearly collide . int . the bus Sam wince . helen hold he hand . Jack and Annie stare at ... insert - speedometer it dip close to 50 , rise ... ( conti nued ) 55 . conti nued : jack and annie share a look of relief , look ahead . the street be clear for a half - mile . ext . STREET - far ahead unbeknownst to they , a woman , 30 , push a baby carri age along the sidewalk . she be talk to another woman . int . the bus a moment 's respite . the cellular ring . jack yeah ... Mac , where have you be ? we have to bail on the freeway , we be in the city ! | ntercut W th : int . chopper McMahon be look out the window . he have a map of the city on he lap . mcmahon | can see you , Jack . angle on mcmahon be p.o. V. the bus charge through the maze of street . mcmahon keep go straight . we be try to clear the road for you . we will get you out , Jack . he consult the map closely , try to pinpoint the bus 's location . the bus barrel down the street . 56 . int . fisk room as fisk watch , eat a baloney sandwich on white bread and a glass of milk . we see that three of the tv 's have the bus on they , but the fourth one be turn to a football game . int . police station Harry look at the thing on he desk ; evidence from fisk 's last job , line up and tag . Robin be stand nearby with swat cop # 1 . robi N | do not get it . harry a watch be a shitty timer . why use it ? what 's he say ? robin lot of people have watch , Harry . robin this guy have no mo . bomber fall in love with one kind of bomb and they be very monogamous . this guy use c4 , dynamite , different trigger every time , now he throw in this watch . robi N he 's a encyclopedia . know every kind of bomb . harry ( slow realization ) and everything we do to dismantle they . Robin , | want to look at file fromthe last , say , ten year . robi N we do the mug shot , Harry -- harry no. | wanna look at cop . 57 ext . a STREET near the bus Cars cruise to a intersection be overtaken by a scream black & white . it reach the intersection and turn , screeching , halting in front of traffic and block the intersection . the car slamon they brake , nearly hit the patrol car . the passenger barely have time to curse before the enormous bus roar by , go the other way . int . the bus the passenger watch the city street fly by , panic volume turn high . annie sees a garbage truck back out in front of the bus . annie pull the wheel hard leave . the bus swerves into oncoming traffic . the bus dodge oncoming car , truck and other bus , bump a few . a lincoln peel off the side of the bus , go fly . ext . the STREET the two woman wave goodbye . woman # 1 push the baby carriage toward the curb . int . heli copter Mac still look at he map . mcmahon you get about ... ten more block and there will be some unit wait . follow they straight , then there 's a leave at the T. you will head onto the 105 freeway . it 's not in use yet ; it will be empty . 58 int . the bus jack ri ght . ext . STREET - the bus continue on . the woman and the baby carri age step out from behind a van right in front of the bus . annie and jack horror . it 's too late . Annie shut she eye . he bus smash into the baby carriage as the woman push it jump clear . ack and annie her eye be shut . she scream . Jack can not help but | ook . ack be p.o. V . slow motion . the baby carriage be knock seventy foot in front and to the side of the bus , sailing through the air . ack his eye follow . he grimace as ... he baby carri age Hit the pavement . but then ... a hundred empty soda and beer can explode out of it . nt. the bus Jack smile . jack there 's you baby . Annie open she eye , !ook in the sideview mirror . ( conti nued ) 59 . conti nued : her p.o. V. the woman be run after the bus , shaking she fist , stop to pick up the can . Annie sigh with relief . anni E look just like you , honey . there p.o. V. here at last be the patrol car , which start up , lead the way . int . the bus everyone watch the street . after a few block ... the patrol car come to the on-ramp . the bus follow when ... a group of school KI DS walk blithely in front of it -- Annie be force to swerve and continue on the street parallel to the freeway . anni E ( panicked and piss ) why be not they in school ? jack ( into phone ) Mac , we be bone ! int . chopper mcmahon | see . keep straight . he consult the map . int . bus patrol car pull in front of it again , lead it . 60 int . chopper mcmahon Jack , there 's another entrance in about two mile . you have gotta make a ugly turn , though . jack how ugly ? annie ( worried ) what 's ugly ? Jack listen a moment more on the phone . jack ( to Annie ) we get a hard right come up . at the construction site . Annie look out the window . the construction site be far away but visible . Annie can not even see the road to turn on . anni E this be a dead end jack ( stare out , not convinced ) there 's a turn ... there be a turn . Way ahead , the first patrol car take it -- and nearly wipe out . another follow , with al attendant screeching . anni E | can not make that jack keep leave . anni E but it 's -- jack keep leave ! you take it wide ! anni E we be gonna tip over ! ( conti nued ) 61 . conti nued : a beat . jack everyone on this side of the bus ! the passenger hesitate . jack now ! the passenger all scramble , squeeze in by each other . they look at each other , scared . Ray strain to get over , cuffed . jack move ! move ! as far over as you can ! hurry ! Annie ease the accelerator off as far as it be safe . the turn be fifty yard away . jack ( quietly , into the phone ) Mac , you better clear the site . he turn back to Annie . Annie arc out to flatten the turn as much as possible . annie hold on ! she turn the wheel and dive into the turn . the passenger be throw . most hold on . the bus tire screech on the pavement . one wheel lift off the ground for a second . some passenger scream , most hold they breath . Annie strain against the steering wheel to hold it steady . she 's lose it . Jack grab the wheel and pull it with she , hold the turn . the bus wheel come back down onto the pavement . ( conti nued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) Annie and Jack bring the bus back into line . they make it . Jack turn back to the passenger , smile . jack as you be . int . bus as the passenger untangle themselves , helen look white as a sheet . harry good lord , we might have ... I can not think ... stephen ( help she sit ) it 's okay . if you need to , you go right ahead and vomit . ext . the bus reaches the on-ramp , shoot up through the saw-horse and they be on . the chopper touches down nearby . Mac get out , talk to norwood as he try to fold the map . mcmahon | want chopper up ahead , make sure there 's nothing obstruct the freeway . we get a window here ; let 's keep it open . int . the bus a moment of respite . angle on annie and jack jack ma'am , you do very well . he look at she . drop the hostage talk , smile . ( conti nued ) conti nued : 63 . jack actually , you be incredible . I have never see drive like that . annie Annie . jack what ? annie ... is my name . Annie . as oppose to mar 'am . they smile at each other for a moment . Annie look back at the road . jack I be sorry ? annie why be all this happen ? do we bomb this guy 's country or something ? jack it 's just a guy that want money . Annie look at Jack . annie no ... | do not buy it . this be not a good way to make money . odd be , we should be dead already . what 's this guy 's deal ? jack ( after a beat ) a while back this guy hold some people for ransom . it go sour , and now he 's a little piss at I . annie then what do this -- ( conti nued ) conti nued : 64 . ( 2 ) jack it 's a game . if he get the money , he win . if the bus blow up , he win . annie so what happen if you win ? jack then tomorrow we will play another one . CUT to : int . police stati on Harry and Robin lean over a computer work by swat cop # 1 . on the screen , a series of face flash by . she go . swat cop # 1 we get no match for that description . no one 's lose a thumb , at least for the last ten year . ray he could be from anywhere . swat cop # 1 | can not access all that harry forget the file . ( to Robin ) | want you to go through the pension fund . this guy draw disability . he may not be l.a.p.d . but he 's live here now . harry ( call out ) | want picture ! ( to himself ) I have see this asshole . CUT to : 65 . ext . the bus McMahon pull up next to it on the back of a flat bed . Jack come out on the step to talk to he . mcmahon let 's start unload the passenger . jack can not do it , sir . mcmahon no time for stunt , traven . we get that people out of harm 's way -- jack | get order . ( indicate news chopper ) we move this people , he will see . crazy not stupid , remember ? Mac accept it , scowling . mcmahon Harry 's work on find this guy . we think he may be a police . norwood lean out of the cab of the truck . norwood it 's he . he want to talk to Jack . jack give he the number . he step into the bus , look at Sam . jack how be he do ? mrs . kami no the bleed be less , but ... her look tell he Sam do not have much time . ( conti nued ) 66 cont ! nued helen be they go to help we ? stephen sure they be . they be the police . hey , you tax be pay they salary . if we die they gotta take a pay cut ! helen bl anch . stephen | mean ... the phone ring . Jack put it to he ear | ntercut W th : fisk jack yeah fisk Jack , | think we have trust , but it look on the tv like you be try to get that passenger off the bus . jack you gotta let I have one fisk now , we go over the rule ... jack come on , as a act of faith . we get a injure man here . the driver 's be shot fisk ( chuckle ) Jack ! tell I you have not be shoot the passenger . think it be customary for a police officer to shoot the bad man ? ( conti nued ) cont ! nued int . bus they hang 67 ( 2 ) jack hey , get in range . fisk no one get off . jack come on ! this guy have no time . it will grease the wheel with the money man if you show a little charity . there 's still gonna be plenty of we to kill . fisk okay , son . you can try unload the driver . tell the wildcat behind the wheel not to slow down , though , or he will not get the chance to bleed to death . and Jack .. jack yeah ? fisk do not slip . up . Jack cross to the passenger . jack we be gonna get the driver off . helen just he ? jack for now . ( to Ortiz ) gi gant or . ortiz ( stand ) Ortiz . jack Ortiz , I be gonna need you help ( conti nued ) 68 . conti nued : ortiz okay . helen ( no one be listen ) what about the rest of we ? mrs . kami no you have to keep he straight or | think the wound will tear . jack ( into walkie talkie ) McMahon , he 's let we unload the driver . pull up alongside we . he bend over to grab Sam 's foot . jack ( to Sam ) how're you feel ? SAM like |'ve be shot . Jack lift , so do Ortiz at the head . Sam groan with pain and Ray rush in to support he middle . he and Ortiz exchange a look . they walk himto the doorway . McMahon 's truck be right next to they . Jack stand on the bottom step , yell to the swat guy on the truck . jack we gotta keep he straight ! gh t the swat guy nod . Jack inch out farther . he hold Sam 's leg with one hand and the railing with the other , lean out toward the truck . the pavement rush by underneath he . the swat guy grab Sam and slowly , the exchange be make . Jack step back into the bus , where Mrs. kamino be wiping up bl ood . jack | think he 's gonna be -- ( conti nued ) 69 continued : ( 2 ) helen wai t ! helen suddenly leap out of she seat and rush to the door . her face be etched in panic . she come to the last step , hesitates . jack no ! he rush to the front . helen stand . the swat guy wave for she to jump . int . fisk room fisk see this on tv . he punch a button on he cellular . under the bus the small bomb directly below helen . Red light come on . the front step explode . swat guy be knock off they foot , Jack be knock into Annie and the bus swerve . helen fall . Jack grab at she too late , the bus bump sickeningly , as Jack almost fall , grab by the lady in catwoman 's glass . for a moment , nothing . Jack sit back on the floor of the bus at Annie 's foot , stare at the hole that be step . Annie be nearly hyperventilate , she eye lock on the road . fisk watch on the tv . smile . fisk interactive tv , Jack . Wave of the future . the bus more silence . ( cont ! nued ) 70 . conti nued : angle on ortiz completely shocked . this guy be not fuckin’ around . a woman start cry , quietly . finally : jack ( into the walkie talkie ) McMahon , get that fuck chopper off my ass ! Ortiz take he jacket off , put it around Mrs. kamino 's shoulder . ortiz here . mrs. kami no thanks you . I 'ma little cold . stephen ( quietly and politely hysterical ) Jesus . | can not be here . | can not -- this bus be -- this be the wrong bus ... for I to ... | can not die here . ortiz hey , shut up , man ! | get a wife ! stephen ( in he own world ) you do ? terry ( curious , but with a little attitude ) so if you have a wife and | do not , do that mean that |'m expendable ? ortiz what be you talk about ? the guy 's just talkin’ crazy , get on my nerve ! ( conti nued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) and then all at once : stephen | think | have the right to be a little upset after all we have -- ortiz ( to Ortiz ) what be you stare at everybody for , poke you nose in , let we die in peace , you -- ray let 's stop all this bullshit , we be just make more trouble -- terry ( to Ortiz ) I 'minterested to see how long before the mighty caveman come to the surface and start throw rock at people 's head -- as the din rise : jack hey , can that shit ! Jesus , it 's like a school bus ! he look at Annie . she be shaking with the effort not to cry . jack ( kneel by she ) be you okay ? annie no . jack what do you need ? she take a moment . Jack brushes hair from she face anni E when that bomb go off ... ( conti nued ) 72 . continued : ( 3 ) jack | know . she shake she head anni E when it blow , | think that be it , | think that be the bomb and | be dead , and ... when | see she fall under the bus , | be ... this be not a easy thing to say . jack you be glad you be still alive anni E ( it 's true ) oh God , I be sorry . jack do not be . you should be glad . we all be . that do not mean you do not care . it mean you be a human be . anni E she look so scared ... jack she be scared . she be a nice lady who do not deserve to get kill . but Annie , if she would get off he would have kill we all . he 's the asshole , Annie , the guy who put we here . remember that . okay ? she nod , shakily . annie ( a little embarrassed ) do they teach you how to talk nice to hysterical hostage in cop school ? ( cont ! nued ) 73. continued : ( 4 ) jack no , it 's mostly tie square knot and how to build fire , stuff like that . she smile a little . jack we should be okay for a while . int . the truck listen on a headset , norwood 's face go dazzle white . norwood oh my God . be you sure ? how far ? ( to McMahon ) Sir , we have a serious problem . mcmahon what ? norwood this freeway be not finish . mcmahon what be you talk about ? norwood the chopper catch be about three mile ahead . there 's a section miss . mcmahon but ... it 's on the map ! it 's finish on the goddamn map ! norwood | guess they fall behind . mcmahon fuck ! you be fire , everybody 's fuck fire . how big a section ? norwood fifty foot , at least . ( conti nued ) 74 . conti nued : mcmahon ( to norwood ) get I closer . he gesture for Jack to come to the door . the flatbe truck ... veer ... right next to the bus . mcmahon Jack , there 's a gap in the road . it 's big . int . the bus jack you be kid . mcmahon fifty foot , it 's in the interchange , somewhere after the next turn . jack what do we do ? mcmahon we gotta get they off someway . jack there 's a gap in the road . couple of mile up . various reaction . groan , fear , tear . people look at each other , realize this be the last face they be go to see . no one know what to say , except maybe Ortiz . ortiz you can always count on the cop , man ... ( conti nued ) 75 . conti nued : angle on jack and annie annie oh God , oh no ... well uh , shift to neutral engine revving high ? jack he would have think of that . annie well , what , then ? , what if I , and keep the they be wait for he answer , which he do not have . he think . jack floor it . anni E no. jack yes ! it 's a overpass , there might be a incline . floor it ! she nod . the bus start pick up speed . the speedometer climb above sixty . Jack start toward the back of the bus . the passenger be silent , terrify . he look at they face as he pass . jack | want everybody to hold onto the seat in front of they , or whatever 's nearest . head down . ( to the lady with present ) put that stuff under you seat . stephen ( scared ) be this really gonna work ? Jack look at hima second . what do you say ? ( conti nued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) jack definitely . he come to Ray , unlock he cuff . Ray look pretty small . ray | do not mean to shoot that guy . jack ( not unkindly ) keep hold of the seat in front of you . which mean , for now , apology accept . Jack move back to the front . Jack look out the window -- the sign and barrier be approach . jack everybody hold on ! people grab rail , cling to they , head in they lap . Ortiz take a cross fromunder he shirt , palm it . mcmahon watch fromthe truck , stop on the empty freeway , along with the other swat cop . some mumble prayer ... the gap in the freeway the bus be come in fast , get faster . insert - the bus speedometer 66 , 67 , 68 ... int . the bus Terry be sit by Ray . ray | never shot nobody before ... Jesus | hope that guy do not die ... Terry look like he 's go to throw up . Mrs. kamino be quietly cry . we hear various mumble prayer . ( conti nued ) 77 . cont ! nued stephen be in a near fetal position , clutching he map like a religious icon . anniee p.o. V. they scream at the gap . insert - bus speedometer 2.70 , 71 ... annie yell , shut she eye . jack pushes Annie down , cover she body with he , and put he hand over hers on the steering wheel try to hold the bus straight . ext . the bus Hit the gap go 73 . it 's airborne . the front end start to dive . the font wheel hit the concrete edge of the far side of the gap hard . int . the bus Jack , Annie , the passenger -- all throw forward . ext . the bus the tire do not burst . the wheel roll up onto the freeway surface , keep move . the tail end of the bus be still in mid-air , drop fast . the undercarriage hit the concrete , scrape , sheet of spark and horrible grind . insert - speedometer 60 , 59 , 58 ... drop fast . the bus the rear wheel hit the edge of the gap very hard . ( conti nued ) 78 . conti nued : on the bus passenger near the back be toss into the air . window shatter . a seat be rip fromit moor . the bus keeps on roll . mcmahon and the swat cop all cheer , whooping it up . jack ( to Annie ) be you okay ? annie I 'mokay . I 'mall right . Jack stand , address the passenger . jack be everybody okay ? they be bruise , daze , bleed -- but whole . a mute chorus of " yeah " , follow by some boisterous whoops and even applause . people |augh , hug , high five . people who be cry be now laugh and cry . Terry kiss Mrs. kamino ( but only if they be sit by each other ) . ortiz you be the man , Annie , you be the man . terry ( beami no ) we be way out of control . ortiz goddamn ! yes ! he high fives ( or some such display ) the person next to he . only stephen have not move , still in he fetal position . he slowly open he eye . smile wanly as he look around hi m . ( conti nued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) stephen | feel we would make it . Jack smile , big . he look at Annie . a trickle of blood be run from she forehead . he kneel by she , beam at she with honest admiration . jack | think you miss you call ... ( dabbing at the blood with he sleeve ) you should have be a pilot . she smile , too . Jack see something ahead . get a idea . he have to act fast . jack get off ! now ! get off this -- anni E what ? she hesitates a second too long for he like , so he grab the wheel , pull it hard right . passenger yell as they be toss to the side . the bus swerves over sharply onto a exit ramp . freeway gap McMahon get into the swat police van with norwood . mcmahon ( to norwood ) where the hell 's he go ? time CUT to : ext . airport road a sign read " lax cargo entrance . " Annie drive the bus toward the airport gate . the helicopter veer off , away fromthe air traffic . ( conti nued ) 80 . conti nued : jack head there . she be , but a patrol car appear , partially block the entrance she 's head for . she swerve to miss it , head toward a exit with tire shredd spike . anni E turn hard . passenger be throw off they foot . the bus swerves back for the entrance . one outside rear TI re nick the last of the spike , but do not burst . anni E never a dull moment . ( to herself ) please God , send I a dull moment ... ext . Al rport the bus turn onto a taxiway adjacent to a runway as a 747 thunder overhead . int . gms suburban on the freeway . cop he 's at the airport . norwood the airport ? there 's thousand of people -- mcmahon that 's my boy , Jack . he should be able to circle around the runway . buy we some time . norwood we can not fly in there . ( conti nued ) 81 . conti nued : mcmahon neither can the news boy . ( to the driver ) let 's move ! back to the exit ! the gmc suburban pull out . norwood point out the airport on the map . Mac look . norwood tell himto head here . there 's a road there circle the freight terminal . should be perfect . mcmahon let 's hope they build it . int . the bus stephen look out the window . stephen ( unhappy ) we be at the airport . terry yeah , so ? stephen I have already see the airport . ext . Al rport Mac 's van follow where the bus go . angle on chopper hover near the airport , they give up and fly away . int . bus the phone ring . Jack pick it up . jack hello . ( conti nued ) 82 . conti nued : gmc suburban enter airport through the same gate as the bus . fly by the gate guard who point out the direction the bus go | ntercut W th : fisk FI sk very exciting , Jack . some close call , but you have do all right for yourself . jack what do you want ? fisk money , Jack . | wish | have some loftier purpose , but in the end I 'mjust like you and I . I would like large nonsequential bill in two clear plastic bag . unmark can you remember all that ? jack what be you tell I for ? fisk want you to help I get it | before it get too late . | don ' like negotiator , Jack . they talk to you like they be you best friend , and they do not know you . | why do they mess with I , do they think I be do this for fun ? jack be not you ? fisk oh , that 's not fair , Jack . you do not know how | feel about this . you do not know about I fisk ( after a moment ) they do not think that . ( conti nued ) 83 continued : ( 2 ) jack ( voice raise ) do you want this money ? come on , show I you commitment . let I get on the ground ( a beat ) just I . that 's not against the rule . fisk all right . I would like you back in ten minute or less . jack Fine . FI sk Jack , nothing tricky , now . you know |' mon the top of you . do not attempt to grow a brain . Jack hang up . Annie have hear the bulk of the conversation . a gmc suburban pull up next to the bus , McMahon , norwood and swat Driver ride alongside annie there 's a plan now , right ? jack could be ( to the group ) everybody sit tight . I be get off for a minute . some conversation . terry what for ? mrs. kami no ( over he ) do you think that 's a good idea ? stephen be you just gonna leave we here ? ( conti nued ) 84 . continued : ( 3 ) ortiz ( reasonably ) | would . jack do not worry ... | will not go far ( to Annie ) just keep circle . you will be fine . Annie look at he . she know she may not see he again , but she 's gonna be brave annie ( a little weakly ) do not forget about we , okay ? they look at each other for a moment . Jack tenderly brushes she hair from she face . he 's never gonna forget she . Jack turn to the doorway . he motion for the truck to come in close . he jump . for a moment everyone be silent on the bus . the host have leave the party . jack and mcmahon talk as the gmc suburban veer off the road and the bus charge off in the distance behind they . they pass a news van , cop keep the news people from filming . mcmahon the chopper be go , Jack ; let 's dump the passenger now jack no way . he 's ready for that mcmahon but howis he -- jack | do not know how . | just know he be . he 's be a step ahead of I every time . if we unload he 'l take they out , | guarantee ( conti nued ) conti nued : int . the they sit 85 . ( 4 ) mcmahon where do that put we ? jack | get to try to dismantle that bomb . mcmahon that 's not a option . jack what would you do if the bus be stand still ? mcmahon Jack , it 's not . bus - angle on terry and ray - minute later near the back . erry so , what would you do , man ? ray what ? erry why would you go apeshit before ? what would you do ray nothing , man . leave I alone . erry come on ! be it a gang thing , what ? ray not hi no ! ( after a moment ) | steal the gun , man . you know . from my cousin . erry what for ? ( conti nued ) 86 . conti nued : Ray look sidelong at Terry . he 's either be defensive or lie . ray Home protection . angle on the front Ortiz and stephen be stand at the front with Annie . ortiz I 'mtell you , Annie , the guy 's somewhere jerk off . anni E he do not have to get on in the first place , Ortiz . and get you ass behind the yellowline . | have faith . ( to herself ) | have faith . stephen what 's that ? they all look out at something pull in front of they . they eye go wide . anni E oh my good he be insane . angle on there p.o. V. a truck have pull in front of they attach to be a low wooden dolly . Jack be stand on it in gear , with a headset and a bunch of tool . on the truck he back I t he swat McMahon be on the back of the truck . he have a headset as well . mcmahon we be not gonna be able to keep this steady for long . ( conti nued ) 87 continued : ( 2 ) jack | just need a few minute . if | can not do it by then | can not do it at all . mcmahon all right . jack ( into headset ) Harry . you with I ? harry ( 0.s . ) all the way . mcmahon okay , this be it . do not get dead . barely a moment between they , and then Jack be lie down on the dolly . angle on annie watch the dolly inch closer . annie ( slowly , as it sink in ) this be a really bad plan . stephen have faith , sister . Jack smile at Annie , give she the thumb up . annie oh , Christ . ortiz just keep it steady . annie gee , thanks for the tip . the truck slow a bit and the dolly inch closer to the bus . Jack lie completely flat as the bus approach . ( conti nued ) 88 continued : ( 3 ) he start to disappear under the bus . Annie squint with concentration . McMahon look on , concerned . Jack | ook straight up , keep as calm as possible as the bus cover he head . under the bus Jack inch under the bomb . he speak ( always into the headset , until state otherwise ) to McMahon . jack okay , tell themto hold here . he look up at the bomb . fromhis p.0o.v. the bomb be so close it fill we line of vision . there be wire run fromthe timer to various detonator . also a few cover wire of different color stick in one end of the timer and out the other . int . police stati on harry what do you see ? jack it 's pretty standard . timer 's looped to the remote , then feed out . harry then we gotta try to b remote current with th can you find the trip remote ? p e y. h be be the ypass t e batte wire of jack | do not know . | get a few choice here . harry Black and red ? jack and green . ( conti nued ) 89 conti nued harry okay . listen . I be guess he 's not go to use standard copper for the remote . too weak . I would use a fiber alloy . | need you to look at the wire jack it 's cover . harry | know . you gotta cut off the sheath . but do not cut the wire jack ri ght . harry start with the green . he have to work slowly . he 's so close to the bus he can not look at he tool ; he feel for they and bring they up to he chest he palm a exacto and carefully start scraping away at the green plastic cover . the bus hit a tiny ... bump and Jack slip , go stock still as sweat drip down he forehead . he look at the knife . it have go halfway through the wire . very , very slowly , he pull it out he scrape some more at the sheath , revealing a silverish wire : not copper . jack bull seye . harry great . clip on the battery and run it to the lead wire he palm the battery , clip one end to the silver wire with the alligator clip . he search out the lead wire . he find it , a cloud crossing he expression . ( conti nued ) 90 continued : ( 2 ) jack | can not bypass . it will fire . harry collapsible circuit . jack yeah . shit ! this thing be airtight . Harry be think when Robin enter , move toward he with a printout , speak . robin Howard fisk , Atlanta p.d. , bomb squad , retire to Sun Valley in 1989 when a small charge leave he with finger number nine . and on that last word she reach Harry , turn the printout for himto see and fisk 's picture stare we in the ace . harry that 's out scumbag . ( into walkie talkie ) Jack , we find he ! robi N we can get to he place inside of fifteen minute . harry Jack ! get out of there and sit tight ! we be go after the source . jack watch you back . Harry jump up and they move out . jack Mac ! pull I out ! mcmahon ( 0. s. ) Roger that , kid . hold on . ( conti nued ) 91 . continued : ( 3 ) angle on the TI re that be scrape by the claw ... a piece of outer rubber peel off and fly into the : dolly wheel which catch , stop . jack as the dolly be almost pull out from under he . the cable be run past he now , skittling over the pavement , sparking , whipping around . and it 's head for a rear wheel . if the cable get pull under the tire ... jack reaches for the cable , to pull it back . too late . the cable Hit the wheel and be suck under in a flash . jack and the dolly be snap toward the wheel . int . the bus anni E God ! stephen do we hit he ? what happen ? ray he 's not behind we ! Annie and Ortiz look at each other . they be drag he . Ortiz race for the center panel , start unscrew it . ( conti nued ) 92 . conti nued : mcmahon ' S Al rport vehi cle move alongside the bus . McMahon try to see what 's happen to Jack . he look pretty concerned . under the bus Jack try to get a grip on the undercarriage , but he finger can not find purchase . so he grab the screwdriver and stab it up into the undercarriage . it dig in . he stop , and the dolly be yank out from under he . the dolly Hit the rear wheel , be pull under and destroy . jack hold onto the screwdriver . liquid spray down on he . he cough , reach out , grab a hydraulic line and pull himself away fromthe spray . his shoe skid over pavement at 50 mp.h . Jack look around , see light come fromthe hole in the floor , three foot away . he reach for the hole . he can not make it . jack hey ! Ortiz stick he head down . ortiz man , can you reach I ? he reach for Jack , but there 's no way . ortiz hold my leg ! int . the bus Terry and Ray grab Ortiz 's leg . stephen and Mrs. kamino grab they . under the bus Ortiz be halfway through the hole . he reach for Jack . ( conti nued ) 93 conti nued : ortiz come on ! he grab he . Jack let go the screwdriver , grab Ortiz 's shoul der . int . the bus sl owl y , painfully , Jack be pull in . he hunch over , in pain . jack thanks . terry be you okay ? he nod . stephen any luck with the bomb ? jack yeah , it do not go off . Ortiz dust himoff . oddly enough , he be smile ortiz you may be a psycho , man , but you get some big round ball . jack that 's very ... gross , Ortiz . he go over to Annie ortiz can not even pay the guy a compl i ment jack how you do ? anni E you scared the shit out of I , Jack . other than that , I be pretty lousy . what 's that smell ? ( conti nued ) 94 . conti nued : jack ( realize ) it 's gas . annie we be leak gas ? jack we be now . anni E what , you need a challenge ? angle on gas gauge it start drop , barely perceptibly . mcmahon on the back of the airport vehicle , be relieved when he see Jack surface inside the bus . he give a thunmb - up sign to Jack and he vehicle fall back . ext . STREET Harry 's car and another unmark fire up the street with much attendant screeching . int . bus Jack and Annie nervously regard the gas gauge . jack ( into walkie talkie ) Mac ? can you get a fuel truck to pace we here ? we be lose gas . mcmahon I will see what | can find . how much time ? jack | do not know . ten minute . it 's not good . anni E be that gonna work ? ( conti nued ) 95 . conti nued : jack | do not know . ( to himself ) come on , Harry . save my life . CUT to : ext . suburban house Harry and the other pull up quietly across the street . he and Robin emerge from he car , two other swat guy fromthe second car . one be swat cop # 1 . they go to the front of the house in standard formation . they stop at the window by the garage . the venetian blind be still down -- can not see in . Harry motion for two to go around the back . he take Robin around the side . there be a door here . Robin be about to try the knob but Harry grab she hand , shake he head . he motion for she to go around the back , which she do . he try the window and it give . it 's clean , no wire . Harry go in first . he climb slowly , pull he wounded leg in . he get in . int . house Harry be in the live room , head for the garage . we see Robin come silently in through a back window , motion for the other two to wait outside . she and Harry both start converge on the garage , look around they , gun raise . Harry look down at he leg just as it trip a electric eye in the doorway . the electric eye be wire to something . a red light go on . Harry and Robin look at each other , know it 's the last thing they will ever see . 96 . ext . house the explosion blast out the window , send the other two fly , wounded . the last thing we see be the venetian blind as they be shred when that windowis also blow out . CUT to : int . bus - angle on jack phone ri ngs . jack Harry ! tell I good news , man . there be a pause . and Jack know . FI sk I be sorry , Jack . he do not make it . jack you fuck ! | ntercut W th : int . fisk room fisk it be the watch that lead himto I , be not it ? it feel alittle hammy to I , building the bomb from my previous retirement gift . but | figure a sign that say ' I be Howard fisk ' would be push it . as he speak , he open the venetian blind . we !ook out on persh Square : he be never in the house at all . jack I be gonna rip you fuck spine out , | swear to god. fisk you will do as you be tell ! now Harry 's go . just accept it . ( more ) ( conti nued ) 97 . conti nued : fisk ( cont would ) Jack , we both know he be the brain of you particular operation . you be not gonna beat I . you be gonna pay I all of my dollar . otherwise you , the wildcat and every innocent soul on that bus be gonna end up just like you friend . now pay attention ! be you listen ? jack ( softly ) yes . FI sk good . tell themthe drop point be persh Square . there 's a garbage can on the northeast corner . dump the bag and | eave . | do not show up until you people be go and | do not disarm until I 'mclear . get on toward 11:00 , Jack . | think it 's gonna be a pretty day . int . the bus he hang up . Jack smashes the phone against a pole , furious . everybody stare at he he lean against the front window. , seethe . anni E Jack ? he throw the remain of the phone to the floor , unable to respond . anni E goddamnit , Jack , do not you fold on I now ! he whip he head around , stare at she . annie you just cool it , okay ? we be scared . we need you . ( more ) ( conti nued ) 98 . conti nued : annie ( cont would ) | need you , with a clear head . | know this guy 's hurt you and I be sorry , but we still have a problem here so stop do the asshole dance and be part of the solution . he still stare , but she 's draw the fire out . everybody be stare at he . he smile winningly at Annie . jack we be gonna die . annie we get this far . he fall silent again . his gaze go from she face to she shirt , the Arizona tee shirt . for a moment he !ook al most puzzle . angle on the shi rt beneath the Arizona be a picture of a wildcat . jack I will be damned . Jack kneel by she , daub she brow , speak softly . jack you go to University of Arizona ? annie ( puzzle ) yeah . jack good football team . annie yeah ... jack Arizona wlidcat . they go nine straight win last year . ( conti nued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) anni E ( completely lose ) ri ght . Jack smile . jack he can see you . she start to ask but he shush she , stand and lean again on the windshield . slowly he look around at the front of the bus . his p.o.v. search for it , and there it be , behind the big convex mirror with a view of the whole bus . the thin wire , the red light . a camera . we pushin on it int . fisk room ... and pull out , look at the camera 's p.o.v. on a small black and white screen next to fisk 's other tvs . we pull out further to see fisk as he eye flit from screen to screen , rest on the black and white image . on the screen , Jack kneel once again by Annie . int . bus jack he call you a wildcat before . | do not even pick up on it . bastard have a camera right in you face . he can see the whole bus . he 's be play I from minute one . anni E he 's look at I ? can he hear I ? jack do not look like . he 's just wat ching . anni E what do | do ? jack nothing . Act scared . ( conti nued ) 100 . conti nued : anni E ( plenty scared ) what 's my motivation ? Jack stride to the back of the bus , talk into he throat mike . jack Mac , Mac ... be you there ? mrs. kami no Jack , how much longer can we circle ? he hold up a finger to shush she as McMahon get on the line . ext . Al rport McMahon arrive at the base camp mcmahon yeah , go ahead , Jack . int . bus jack Mac , | know about Harry . listen , there 's no time . be that news van still around ?... good . it 's time for a little turnabout CUT to : ext . by news van - a minute later McMahon and a few other cop rush to the van . mcmahon l.a.p.d . we need this shit . ( to a crew guy ) can you broadcast on a uhf frequency ? crew guy sure . ( conti nued ) 101 . cont ! nued mcmahon good . there 's a signal come fromthat bus . find it . the crew guy start turn dial . after some snow , the shot of the bus appear on one of he screen . mcmahon good . tape off this . the crew guy stick in a tape , hit " record . " a angry reporter step in . reporter hey , this be private property ! you can not just take it ! mcmahon yeah , why do not you call a cop ? int . the bus Jack be sit near the front . everyone be sit , look tense . jack ( quietly , but to everyone ) remember , no big movement . just look whipped . ortiz that 's not gonna be too hard . and we pan along the bus , pick up everyone 's face as they try to appear casually despondent . we pass Jack and Annie and close in on the fuel gauge -- be it pick up speed ? under the bus we see as the screwdriver be jolted looser and looser , and the leak grow . the news van McMahon and the other watch the bus on screen . 102 . int . the bus Annie notice the fuel gauge as it drop below a quarter tank . anni E ( quietly ) Jack ... jack what ? anni E we leak have sprung a leak . we gotta get off . slowly , Jack bring the walkie talkie to he face . jack McMahon ? fuel ? mcmahon five minute . Mrs. kamino drop she purse , nervous . she do not know if she should pick it up . sit nervously . jack not enough time . run the tape . we have to unload . mcmahon we only get a minute of jack do it ! mcmahon ( to the crew guy ) run it . run it on a loop . he start press button and -- int . fisk loft the image play on the tv . sound of fisk flushing inside . a slight jump in the image just before fisk sit down , watch . the tape be now play . 103 . int . the bus Jack look back and forth between he watch and the gas gauge . jack come on . then he look over and see ... a Al rport truck pull alongside the bus . McMahon and swat cop ... the left rear wheel of the bus the outside wheel . more rubber be peel off : it 's gonna pop any second . int . the bus Jack stride to the back door . jack okay , Annie . Annie flip a switch . the back emergency door open . McMahon toss a length of 2 - by - 4 and some rope to Jack . mcmahon rig the gas pedal and steering wheel . jack get cha . insert - fisk tv the tape image of the inside of the bus . quiet and calm . int . the bus intense activity as the passenger line up to get off . the left rear TI re rubber be peel off , flap on the pavement . 104 . int . the bus Jack stand on the back step . the first passenger to get off be Mrs. kamino . Jack usher she off into the arm of norwood . Annie be steering and try to tie off the wheel jack next ! let 's go ! Annie , how're you do ? anni E I ''m do ! bus and truck more woman get off the buss , follow by Terry and Ortiz . he left rear TI re Big strip be peel off . second froma blowout . nsert - fisk be tv moni tor show the bus as calm , quiet . nt. the bus Jack help Terry off . stephen be about to step across ... he left rear TI re he tread peel off completely . anni E gasp as the steering wheel spin , wrench from she grip . he bus swerves hard away fromthe truck . stephen nthe stairwell , do not know what to do . panic and jump for the truck . jack stephen ! Jack grab for he , miss . ( conti nued ) 105 . conti nued : bus and truck stephen 's upper body reach the truck . he swing under , be slip . ortiz be the close to he he grab for stephen ' hand , get it . stephen ' feet be skid on the pavement , dangerously close to the rear wheel . stephen and ortiz a look between they . stephen grin with relief . ortiz okay , man , pull ! they just pull himup in time . they smile at they victory all except stephen himself , who look like he have vomit on he mind . on the bus Annie fight to regain control of the steering . the bus veer toward the airline terminal . on the bus Annie and Jack look ahead . anni E oh , no , Jack . there p.o. V. the terminal . annie be able to steer back onto the runway . ( conti nued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) on the truck the passenger watch in horror as the bus angle off . mrs . kami no please , God , no . ray come on , man , you can doit ... int . the bus jack wedge down the pedal ! hurry ! Jack go back and pick up the 3 x5 floor panel he take out of the floor . the bus tear along the runway ... on the bus Jack maneuver the floor panel down onto the hole , let it out on a length of rope . the other end of the rope be tie to a seat support . under the bus the edge of the panel touch the speed pavement , bounce and splinter . int . the bus Annie finish tie off the steering wheel and wedge down the gas pedal . annie done . they hear a eerie choke sound . then silence . out of gas . insert - speedometer be drop . 58 ... 57 ... ( conti nued ) 107 . cont ! nued jack go! Annie get out of the driver 's seat , hurry to Jack . he help she down into the hole the bus be head for a small jet whose engine have be stripped for repair . under the bus the wood panel be skid over the pavement , spark be fly off . Annie get down onto it . int . the bus the rope and 2 x4 be hold . Jack take one last | ook ahead . he p.o. V. the wing of the small jet come smashing through the windshield and rip through one side of the bus , come right at we , nearly decapitate Jack and he jump down through the hole under the bus and crouch on the sled , he and Annie hold onto each other and ... back on the bus ... dack and Annie blast out from underneath the bus in a shower of spark . int . the bus the rope start to loosen on the steering wheel . ext . the bus start to veer off toward a airplane hangar and ... Jack and Annie slide to a stop against a large blink runway sign . they look up . ( conti nued ) 108 . conti nued : he bus toward the huge open door of the Al rplane hangar and disappear inside . not . hangar he bus roll under the wing of a park 747 , between other jumbos and ... careen out the other side of the hangar . a empty dc10 cargo plane 's tow along the runway by a towtruck ... nsert - speedometer plunge to 50 . he bomb he red light go out . he bus explode ... ... while still roll at a healthy 49 mile a hour . whatever part of it can still roll plows into the dc10 ... which explode ... a huge fireball and a shower of metal ... ack and annie head as debris rain down . he be on top of cover they it finally stop . she . Annie look at the flame carcass . Jack look at Annie . after a moment , she look back at he . jack be you all right ? annie yes . another moment . he still have not get off she . the moment between themis intimate , Annie be about to burst into tear . annie you be not gonna say something mushy , be you ? ( conti nued ) 109 . conti nued : jack what ? no. he get off she and they stand . for a moment she fall against he , but she rights herself . they head for the ambul ance . annie Relationships base on intense experience never last . I have read extensively on this . jack you think that be intense ? | do this everyday . ( after a moment ) | think | break my spleen . CUT to : angle on ambulance as it race up to Jack and Annie . medics pop out , start patching they up . Annie be still talk to Jack . McMahon come up to they . mcmahon how're you do ? Jack and Annie look at each other , almost laugh . they look back at Mac as if to say , " eh . " mcmahon well maybe I will let you have the rest of the day off . jack oh. Mac , this be Annie . Annie , capt ain McMahon . mcmahon hi. anni E Nice to meet you . ( conti nued ) 110 . continued : ( 2 ) it 's a slight awkward moment -- feel like introduce you girlfriend to you dad . norwood run up to Mac with a phone . norwood it 's he . he want to know when he 's gonna get he money . mcmahon ( grab the phone ) that son of a bitch , I will t what he can do with -- ell he realization bloom in Jack 's face . he put he hand over Mac 's . jack he do not know it blow up . McMahon pause , stoneface . he bring the phone to he ear . mcmahon twenty minute . CUT to : ext . pershi no square the cop finalize they preparation . undercover cop move here and there , signal to each other ... ext . roof of the biltmore HOTEL ... sniper take position . ext . near pershing square - day the ambulance pull up , no light or siren . Jack get out . other undercover police car be nearby and cop rush quietly to and for . int . barbershop McMahon be set up he command post in a barbershop . 111. int . the ambulance Annie be just finish be patch up . she step out of the ambulance to watch Jack 's recede figure , she face etched with concern . int . fisk room he |ook down on persh Square . he p.o. V. on the street , a garbage truck pull up next to the can on the northwest corner . a cop dress as a garbageman get out , deposit two bag in the garbage , and drive on . fisk look more carefully around the square . again from he p.o. V. , we can see : a cop run behind a doorway a block away . a sniper crouching low on a roof . fisk smile , head for the door . he stop at the tv that show Jack and the other on the still circle bus . FI sk it 's too bad , Jack . you probably would have make a good cop . on the screen , Mrs. kamino drop she purse . there be a glitch . the purse be in she hand . fisk stare at the tv , eye wide . a screamrise in he throat but before it come out we : CUT to : ext . pershi no square Jack , McMahon and norwood look out froma storefront . ext . near pershi no square Annie be stand by the ambulance , still look in Jack 's general direction . cop run to and for , some keep pedestrian back . a swat cop come up to Annie . ( conti nued ) 112 . conti nued : cop miss , we can not have you this close , we need you to move back . anni E but Jack -- cop Officer traven ask for you to be bring out of harm 's way . let 's just move back . relenting , she turn to the cop . it 's Howard fisk . she smile as he lead she away . ext . pershing square - late the can stand alone on the northeast corner . int . the storefront Jack be become increasingly agitate . norwood he 's run a little late . Jack look at he watch . 11:02 . jack he 's not late . mcmahon what ? jack he 's never late . norwood that money have not move . we have get two hundred eye on that can . we have get a home beacon in the bag . he 's cover . jack turn it on . norwood what for ? he 's not ( conti nued ) 113 . cont ! nued jack do it ! norwood do , |ook down . angle on the homing device the bag be move . norwood shit ... Jack bolt for the can . mcmahon Jack ! CUT to : ext . pershi no square Jack dash across the street . he run to the garbage can , push they over . below where the garbage can stand , there 's a jag hole in the concrete , open up into a utility access tunnel jack Son of a bitch -- int . tunnel Jack hang - drop down into the tunnel . he hear the sound of hurry footstep down the tunnel . Jack pull the gun from he waistband and take off after the sound . farther dow the tunnel . . ... someone run , hold the bag of money . Jack pull out he Glock , draw a bead ... jack freeze ! turn around the person stop ( conti nued ) 114 . conti nued : jack pop quiz , asshole . | get a hair trigger aim at you brain and | I 'minareally shitty mood . what do you do ? the person turn , face come into the light . it 's ... annie and she be very scared . jack incredul ous . annie open up the jacket she 's wear to reveal ten pound of C - 4 strapped to she chest . jack Christ . a emergency door on the side of the tunnel open . fisk step out , hold a deadman stick . fisk be prepare . that 's the boy scout march song . anni E I be sorry , Jack . fisk what do you do , Jack . can not shoot she . jack let she go . fisk | do not think I be gonna do that . he have a bag , which he drop at Annie 's foot . ( conti nued ) 115 . continued : ( 2 ) fisk fill it . ( to Jack ) | think Harry would be disappointed , find we right back where we start . jack let she go ! you get the money ! take it and walk ! you do not need she ! fisk you still do not understand , Jack . the beauty of it . a bomb be make to explode ; that 's its meaning , its purpose . you life be empty because you spend it try to stop the bomb from become . and for what ? for who ? you know what a bomb be , Jack , that do not explode ? it 's a cheap gold watch . jack you be crazy . Annie finish fill the bag . fisk take it . fisk poor people be crazy , Jack . ( hoist the bag of money ) I be eccentric . jack ( one last time ) let she go ! fisk look at Jack , almost fondly . then he bolt through a door with Annie , slamm it shut behind he . Jack run up to the door . int . the tunnel Jack try the door . it 's lock . he aim he gun and blow the door handle to piece . he tug the door open and light flood in ( conti nued ) 116 . conti nued : Jack step through the door and be very surprised to find himself in ... ext . a subway stati on he 's on the upper level . not many people around . someone run up the stair , look frighten . jack down the stair . int . the subway platform people be shy away from fisk and Annie as they make they way along the platform . he have he gun out and she 's wear bomb . people start get off the subway , head for the stair . fisk pull Annie onto the first car . int . first car Three people , sit . smile at one of they . fisk be this seat take ? everyone clear off . all the car be empty now as the door close and the train start move . int . platform Jack run down the stair , yell . sprint along the platform as the train start pull out of the station . he jump , just grab the end of the fourth car . int . the subway train fisk handcuffs Annie to a vertical handpole . he hand she the deadman stick . fisk you do not want to drop this . I be count on you . he move to the front of the car as the driver start out of the compartment . dri ver what the hell be go -- ( conti nued ) 117 . conti nued : fisk shoot four time at point blank , send he fly back into the compartment . two of the shot blast the control panel . Annie cry out . int . the second car crouch , Jack be make he way to the first car , leave the connect door open as he go . he peer into the first car as fisk finish shoot , just in time to see he retrieve the deadman 's stick . fisk smile at Annie as he take it . fisk maybe | better hold this after all . I be afraid you be a little hysterical and might let go a mite early . it 's not ' cause you be a woman . he head for the back and almost see Jack . wth nowhere to go , Jack climb on the top of the car . fisk look out at the other car . fisk look like we be all alone . nobody want this train . anni E you can let I go . you win , you beat Jack , you beat everyone . throw I off the train , | do not care . only let I go . he speak to she softly . fisk this stick work on a remote . see , when you explode , that 's where they will come . but it 's not where I will be . mess like that , they do not even count the body part . give I time . he brushes hair from she face . ( conti nued ) 118 . cont ! nued fisk it 's not gonna hurt , Annie on top of train pipe and concrete ceiling whip by Jack 's head . he check he gun and a red conduit pipe rip it from he finger . int . the car fisk and Annie hear the gun bounce off the top of the ttle will i t car . fisk look up , smile a li diy . fisk be that you , Jack ? ( to Annie ) he 's persistent . he always get he man . he grab the bag of money , open it . look up again . fisk do not suppose you would be interested in a bribe , would you ? ( chuckl es ) get plenty to go around ... Inside the bag , a dye pack explode . fisk look down at he now useless money , some of the dye drip like blue shadow on he face . he scream still roaring , fisk whip out he gun and pump a round into the ceiling . top of the train fisk 's bullet come up all around Jack , the last one rip into he arm . he clutches it , in agony in the train fisk keep fire unti then , it 's hard for he he gun click repeatedly . even 0 stop . ( conti nued ) 119 . cont ! nued on top of the train no more shot -- fisk must be out of bullet . Jack start inching for the back of the car . fisk be right behind he . uncheck fury mar he face more than the eeri e semblance of control be go . Roaring , he slam into Jack 's face . dye . all he fist he practically foam at the mouth , hit Jack with the hand that hold the deadman 's stick . Jack be helpless ; he 's wounded and fisk have the stick . he feebly try to defend himself . fisk be on he knee over Jack . he start hit Jack in he arm wound . Jack nearly black out from pain . fisk what do you do , Jack ? what do you do ? you be so smart ! right , Jack ? you little piece of shit ! | get the plan ! i| 'msmarter than you ! I be smarter than you ! jack be p.o. V. blurr , shifting . there be light on the ceiling . they be tear through another station . Jack suddenly pull back he leg and slam it into fisk 's solar plexus . fisk fly back , stand straight up on he knee and : a red conduit pi pe meet he face . somethi no round bounce along the top of the train like a tin can discard along a freeway ... fisk ' '' hand clench in a literal death grip over the stick ... it start to loosen ... ( conti nued ) 120 . continued : ( 2 ) ... and Jack grab the hand at the last second , close it , take the stick before fisk 's body even hit the top of the train . Jack hold the stick , out of breath . jack yeah , well , I 'mtaller . int . train Annie turn warily at the sound of a door slide open . relief . it 's Jack . anni E fisk ? by way of reply , he hold the deadman 's stick up , al most smile . Annie look very relieved . jack | rip he head off . he take off she vest and defuse the C - 4 and neutralize the deadman stick . go to the driver 's compartment . int . driver' compartment spark . the equipment be shot to shit . Jack see the brake control , flip the switch . nothing . grab the speed dial / lever and try to pull it back toward the leave but it will not budge . it 's jamme up . pushes it forward -- the train go faster . tries the radio mike -- dead . jack run back into the passenger compartment . jack c'mon , we gotta jump . she show he she handcuffs . jack shit ! anni E you can not stop it ? ( conti nued ) 121 . conti nued : he pull at the hand cuff , pull at she wrist , try to unscrew the pole with a knife -- nothing . the train barrel down the tunnel . jack go apeshit . he kick the pole , scream with effort . again . again . pull at it . pull at she till she wrist bleed . annie nooooo000 W he stop . her eye be wet . anni E Jack , you have to get off . no way . he look up at the map . there 's a big curve , then dead end . anni E Jack , listen to I ... the end of this line be solid rock . you have to jump . goddamnit , I be order you ! go ! he |ook at she . jack faster . anni E Jack ... go to the driver 's compartment . jack the only way to stop this thing be to make it go faster . there 's a curve up ahead . we go fast enough we might jump the track , hit something besides a dead end . 122 . int . the driver' compartment turn the knob hard right , come back out ... anni E this be bullshit , Jack . you have to get off this train , Jack ! Jack ! he say nothing . come up to the pole she 's at , hold on . brace himself . she fall silent as well . drop she cuff around he . hold himtight . they wait . the train roar along the track ... int . highland station still under construction . at the end of the station the track dead - end into a rockface . jack and annie brace themselves ... jack c'mon ... let 's go ... ext . the train barrel through the station ... it 's go way too fast , but it 's hold the track . jack and annie jarred by the rough ride . the light flicker on and off . smoke from overheate engine rise into the car . int . tunnel the construction crew be flee . a truck speed off up the ramp , haul dirt out . the train Hit the curve . the train wheel spark on the rail , screech . jack and annie eye shut , hold tight . ( conti nued ) 123 . conti nued : the train wth Jack and Annie skid sideways up the ramp ... steel shear the car in half ... the front half continue to skid and roll up the ramp and ... ext . hollywood boulevard - the train ... appear . above ground , like a breach whale , skid and crash and finally rest on its side in front of the chinese theater , to the amazement of dazzle onlooker . Jack and Annie visible through the now-open back of the car . CUT to : int . train Jack and Annie sit up , find they be all right . the pole have be wrench fromthe ceiling and Jack pull Annie 's hand free . they suddenly kiss , desperately alive . anni E you do not leave I ... ( look himin the eye ) you do not leave . ( hold he again ) my God ... jack | do not have to be anywhere just then . annie how boring ? jack what ? annie how boring be you ? | mean , be it really scary ? jack ( think a moment ) | watch bowl on tv . annie okay . ( conti nued ) 124 . conti nued : jack sometimes when | watch bowl , | get excited and | cheer . annie ooh . well ... jack Annie , it 's over . you can walk away . she take he hand , quickly and gentle click the other cuff on he , join they . jack whatever you say , ma'am ... and they sit awhile . tourist wth cameras arrive on the scene . train they camera on the kissing pair . fade out . the end