S U p E R m a N original screenplay by : mario puzo final screenplay by : David Newman Leslie Newman and Robert benton producer : Alexander and ilya salkind July , 1976 director : guy Hamilton 1 ext . metropolis STREET - night close on a crumpled piece of rubbish lie in the gutter . hold for a beat as it be flatten by the wheel of a pushcart . the camera begins a slow pull back and we see a street in a city neighborhood still fight its way out of the grip of the depression . kid play stick ball , people stand about , out - of - work man recline on tenement stoops . over this superimpose : metropolis 1938 2 the camera track up past a board - up store window with a " for Rent " sign paint on it . past some trash can be investigate by forage dog , past the stoop of a brownstone where some care have be take to keep thing neat and clean , past the parlor floor where we see a young couple bend over a crib , shaking a rattle and coo at a new - bear baby wrap in a pink blanket . the camera continue tracking upward past the roof of the brownstone . the SOUND : car horn , radios , police siren , recede below as the camera continue its climb . higher and higher , past the skyscraper in the distance : the Chrysler Building , the fuller Building , and the great neon globe symbol atop the DAILY planet Building . 3 new angle - high looking down on the DAILY planet globe from up above . the only SOUND now be the wind . 4 the camera tilt toward the star-filled sky and the full moon , then take off . the camera speed through the heaven past the moon , through the universe , traveling on , gathering speed , further and further through the limitless void , then it burst through into another galaxy . 5 a minuscule red dot appear , grow larger , spread evenly into a blaze red sun which fill the screen . the fiery red sun grow smaller as we fall through space and see , beyond it , the planet krypton . CUT to : 6 ext . outskirt of krypton - day as we approach the white , prismatic crystalline mountain of the planet , suddenly there be a ominous rumbling noise and before we eye , the crystal crack . fissure appear . we see a gleam , quicksilver lake . abruptly : more rumbling noise and large , jag crystal rend the placid surface , surging up violently . CUT to : 7 ext . CITY of krypton - day krypton be a magical city , construct entirely of pure white crystalline matter that enclose and protect everything from the blaze red sun . as we track back , the futuristic glass building , glass skyways , tunnel and enclose garden , evidence of a far - advanced civilization , sudden small crack appear in various structure . as we see this , we hear , voice over : the somber voice of different men , each say , " no , " in a firm voice . camera continue pulling back until we suddenly realize we have be see all this from a large picture window in : 8 int . council room - day a futuristically design room that overlook the city of krypton . the room be austere , dominate by a enormous angle , black table . from somewhere inside the table itself , a series of very complicated equation appear . seat around the table be the twelve member of the council of elder . 9 but the first glimpse of the room end the pullback , as we see the chief first elder who have be look out of this picture window . as the last " no " be speak , he turn toward camera , which have pulled back past he at the window , and speak : first elder no. I be sorry , jor - El , but the decision of the elder be unanimous . on jor - EL , handsome , intelligent man ; great intensity about he . jor -el ( lean forward , passionately ) but you can not ignore this fact ! ( gesture toward the equation inside the black table ) it 's suicide ! worse than that , it 's genocide . first elder jor - El , be warn . this tone of yours approach insolence . jor -el ( a more reasonable tone ) my friend , I be not a rash , impulsive person . I be not give to wild , unsupported statement . we must evacuate this planet immediately ! first elder you be one of krypton 's great scientist jor - El - jor -el then - first elder but so be vond - El vond -el thank you ... ( to jor - El ) and it be not that we question you data . the fact be undeniable . ( gesture towards the figure inside the table ) it 's you conclusion we find insupportable jor -el ( excited ) I tell you this planet will explode in thirty day . vond - EL and I tell you that krypton be simply shifting its orbit jor -el you ask I to stand by while every man , woman , and child be destroy . second elder we warn you jor - El . this be insubordination . first elder ( firmly ) the mater be close . ( pause ) do you agree ? on jor - El . there be a long beat of silence . first elder do you defy the council ? jor -el ( bitterly ) I have swear to uphold the law of krypton . first elder this discussion be terminate . the decision of the council be final . ( to jor - El ) you will cease pursue this matter . any attempt by you to continue , to create a climate of fear and panic among the populace , will be deem a act of insurrection ! jor -el and if I do not obey ? second elder ( sadly ) jor - El , be reasonable . jor -el ( determine ) and if I do not . first elder you will be banish to endless imprisonment in the phantom Zone - the eternal prison you yourself create . pan to the tabletop where a large video- type screen appear , illuminate . at first , what look like a abstract grid pattern manifest itself , but by degree , it sharpen into a clear image of : the phantom Zone . CUT to : 10 ext . phantom zone - space imprison in a crystalline structure that swirl through the interstellar space void be the four huge horrifying face of the phantom Zone villain : the monstrous non , the cruel General Zod , the mask visage of the beautiful raven-haire ursa , the twisted , mock grin of jak - El ( fuller description follow later ) . surrounded by massive tentacles , which both secure and monitor they , they writhe in anguish in they prison , fight against the glass cage that pen they in eternal banishment . the impression we get be truly terrifying . strange , muffled voice : cry and howl penetrate the stillness of the space void . now the image begin to metamorphose once again into the video grid pattern as we - CUT to : 11 int . council room - day the image disappear from the black tabletop . pan up to jor - El , glaring at the elder . jor -el as a irredeemable criminal ? you compare I to they ? first elder if you persist , you leave we no choice . second elder will you abide by the Council 's opinion ? jor -el ( very quietly ) I have hear you decision . first elder ( forcefully ) will you abide by the Council 's opinion ? jor -el ( firmly ) neither my wife nor I will attempt to leave krypton . CUT to : 12 ext . outskirt of CITY of krypton - day / night wide shot - jor - El 's house stand bath in a strange glow of kryptonian night . CUT to : 13 int . jor -el' laboratory - krypton night a large room with complicated equipment scattered everywhere . jor - El be work on something that look like a computer in the center of the room . lara , jor - El 's wife enter and watch he as he place glow crystal into the heart of the machine . jor -el I have program the memory cell with answer to the problem he will face lara do not seem impressed . jor -el ( firmly ) it 's the only logical conclusion . if he remain here , he will be as dead as ... lara -- as we will be . jor -el lara , please ... lara but why Earth , jor - El . they be practically animal . jor -el ( patiently ) they be primitive , lara , but they be not animal . lara a million year behind we . ( plead ) jor - El , he 's only a baby . jor -el ( comforting ) they atmosphere will sustain he . he will look like one of they . lara he will be weightless . jor -el yes , true . but on other world there would be other problem - heat , cold , no life , no life support system ... no , lara , believe I ; Earth be the least of evil . on Earth , he lighter gravity will render he almost weightless - that can not be help . but with he denser molecular structure , he will also be strong . ( try to see the good ) he will be fast , he will be virtually invulnerable . lara ( despair ) he will be odd , different . jor -el ( concede ) well , physiologically , he ... will not quite fit . CUT to : 14 close shot - concrete dome - night a sudden fissure crack as the camera travel through the window into the Council of elder , still in session . they listen attentively to a uniform officer stand before they . military officer Energy input to jor - El 's personal quarter be now in excess first elder be you absolutely certain ? military officer we be inspect a energy shortage in he sector . data receive indicate that the loss be due to a mis-use of energy . first elder ( reluctantly ) then you must investigate ... second elder and if the investigation prove positive ? a massive jag crack suddenly run down the length of the huge crystal window . for a second the elder turn , regard it , then turn back again to business . first elder ( sadly to officer ) then we will have to banish jor - El to the phantom Zone ... CUT to : 15 int . jor - EL 's laboratory - night jor - El be close panel around the machine in the center of the room . it have take a deltoid shape . jor -el ( urgent ) lara , there be not much time . she turn away from he . jor - EL ( patiently reason with she ) you see ... ( warmly ) you still have some vestige of primitive ... what be the word they use to say ? lara ' feeling . ' jor -el you have be do some research in the archive . lara I want to know what my child be go to face . jor -el ( smile ) then you have on of that ' feeling . ' it be call : ' love . ' a sudden tremor produce a ominous creaking SOUND , grow louder . now a large crack appear in the wall . instinctively , lara run to she husband ' ' arm for safety . then , at the last second , she overcome this " weakness " and step back from he . lara and you ? do not you feel something ? on jor - El - as he turn away , unable to admit the emotion he feel CUT to : 16 ext . CITY of krypton - krypton day / night wide shot - Three military Men descend a long glass - enclose walkway to a await land vehicle hover above the ground . as they take they seat , the vehicle move quickly along the glass street approach a tall structure with crowd of people busily rush by . a tremor shake the ground and a thin fissure appear on the side of a building , visible to all . no one pay any attention to this as the land vehicle continue on . CUT to : 17 int . nursery lara gently pick up a small baby from its cot . she carry it across the room , enter a glass elevator and descend . CUT to : 18 ext . CITY of krypton - night the police vehicle race along . CUT to : 19 int . laboratory the baby have be fastened in the module . lara reluctantly step back as jor - El secure and seal all opening . the baby vanish from sight . press a series of control button , the module automatically slide into a larger deltoid spacecraft and be seal in . CUT to : 20 ext . krypton the police car race along its track - as giant crystal formation , erupt , bend , crack . CUT to : 21 . int . laboratory a glass wall face the capsule slide open as the capsule run up a ramp into the launcher raise at 50 degree . the ceiling above retract expose the entire room to the glow of krypton night . 22 int . police car the helmete figure of the police as the vehicle race through the glass tunnel . CUT to : 23 int . laboratory the glass wall close . the whole room shake in a violent tremor as jor - El try to get the engine fire . CUT to : 24 ext . krypton the police vehicle approach jor - El 's house , but never reach it . a huge tremor dislodge a mass of crystal , which crash down onto the track and crush the vehicle . CUT to : 25 int . laboratory the tremor continue in the lab , ton of crystal begin to crash down into the room , as jor - El frantically try to fire the rocket . with a last desperate effort , he lunge forward amid the tumble debris and hit the button that ignite the engine for take off . CUT to : 26 int . launch room the rocket glide off into the night as the whole house begin to collapse . CUT to : 27 ext . jor - EL 's house the house collapse in ruin . CUT to : 28 ext . module - space the space module race away from the disintegrate planet below toward the Zone of silence . CUT to : 29 ext . zone of silence and module - space the four great villain , press against the window of they crystalline glass cage , watch the module hurtle past . villain ( echoing ) take we with you ... CUT to : 30 int . zone of silence capsule - space over the shoulder of the villain , the capsule head off into the inter-galactic void . CUT to : 31 ext . zone of silence the villain turn they attention to the planet krypton , now in total eruption . the red sun eat its way into the core of the planet of krypton , which suddenly explode and implode - leave a vast black void and the villain forever in space . credit roll 32 ext . module - space the module drive through space to the accompaniment of a steady electronic bleep . CUT to : 33 int . module several light on the complex instrument panel flash simultaneously with the SOUND of the electronic bleep . a computer memory bank be repeat record data while machine register other space function on graph . computer ( jor - El 's voice ) early concept of matter appear in the ancient Greek philosophy . in the fifth century , democritus define a small unit as a atom , indivisible ... CUT to : 34 ext . module - space the module voyage through space . a giant asteroid lose in the void be soar toward the module at a tremendous speed . the module and the giant asteroid nearly collide . the module sway in the wake of the huge mass of matter spin on and away into the void . dissolve to : 35 int . module the control panel continue to flash and all gauge be stable as the computer repeat record tape . the baby have grow in he metallic capsule with the survival tube , instrument , and foam belt adapt to he increase in size as the year pass . computer ( jor - El 's voice ) index 19 sonnet 101 - 'o truant muse , what shall be thy amend for thy neglect of truth in beauty dy would ...? ' CUT to : 36 ext . module in space travel through space , we see a tiny yellow dot that become larger as the module enter we universe . the yellow dot grow rapidly into a flame yellow sun . CUT to : 37 int . module the control panel light be flash rapidly . the electronic beep quicken its squeal . the baby have grow . computer ( jor - El 's voice ) index 44 . Language Syntax 5 Oriental dialect . ching to Kai vo ... end of credit CUT to : 38 ext . module - earthas atmosphere - day the module enter Earth 's atmosphere and we see the familiar astronaut 's Pov of the revolve globe of Earth , grow larger and larger until we can make out the recognizable shape of land mass and ocean . shot : as the module get closer . it seem as if it will surely land in the heart of the Soviet Union ( raise the question in the audience 's collective mind for the first time : what would have happen if superman have be Russian ? ) but just at the last minute , the old Earth take another spin and the rocket head for the dead center of the United States . CUT to : 39 ext . kansas wheat field - day establishing shot : mile and mile of wheat wave under a cloudless sky : a feel of broiling desolation . on a road : a somewhat dilapidate farm pick - up truck come chugge down the long , flat dirt road . a flatbe truck . CUT to : 40 int . cab of flat - bed truck - day two people who look like they pose for grant Wood 's " american gothic " seat in the cab of the truck . they be dress in shiny , patch " Sunday best " clothes , and obviously they have do they best to make the clothing presentable in spite of the odd . the man be in he late 40' , the woman in she mid 40' - they weathered face bespeak a hard life of work the land . " private " people who mind they business , Christian folk whose moral be as basic as the soil they till , they be jonathan and martha kent . as the scene begins , a ominous black shadow cross the road , swiftly . at the same time : SOUND : the whoosh of the space module come to Earth . Jonathan Kent react , startle , darting a moment to look in the direction of the noise , when : SOUND : the bang of a blowout . 41 Jonathan Kent slam on the brake . the truck lurch violently to the right ; the front tire have burst . the truck swerve , narrowly miss the embankment , and stop . martha ( shake up ) oh , my ! CUT to : 42 ext . wheat field , road - day leave the truck stand in the road , Jonathan step out of the cab and look at the puncture tire . jonathan ( mutter ) blame cheap rubber they Detroit Wiseacres be puttin ' out . bitch , he go around to the rear and unstrap the spare tire and haul the jack out . new angle - martha get out of the cab , stretch she leg and smoothes she wrinkle dress , gaze across the wheat field as she husband , in b.g. , place the jack under the car , then wedge a stone under the jack to hold it in place . zoom in to tight closeup of martha - her face freeze in astonishment and disbelief as she see something in the wheat field . martha Jonathan ! on jonathan - who turn and look , amaze . jonathan great God almighty ! what be it ? medium shot - the space module have land in the field , the engine be silence . 43 new angle - leave the truck , they race into the midst of the field . close in on they as they run . Jonathan rush to the strange , eerie metal craft nest in the char wheat . martha be careful , Jonathan ! new angle : suddenly a wall of the module open and a metallic capsule eject with a little boy still fastened inside . jonathan what the heck --? closer in : he look inside the module , then lean over and touch the capsule , burn he hand . martha Jonathan ! new angle : the little boy , age 3 , spring out of the electronically control belt , half - naked . martha ( stunne ) it 's a ... baby . jonathan what 's you name , boy ? martha do not just stand there gapin' Jonathan . can not you see he 's cold ? Jonathan take off he jacket , drape it around the little boy . now he look again at the module . jonathan ( can not get over it} ho -leeeeeeee . tracking just ahead of they - as she lift the boy with much difficulty and walk back to the truck , regard the child with wonder . her husband walk ahead , shaking he head , look back . medium shot - as the reach the truck . jonathan well - gotta change that tire if be gonna get home . martha ( pointedly ) all of we . as she snuggle the boy to she , Jonathan start to jack up the front end . he remove the lug and the puncture tire . insert : the jack begin to shimmy as the truck shake . closeup jonathan : struggle with the spare tire crank under the truck , wonder why the tire will not slide in . insert : the jack continue to shimmy . then suddenly , the stone beneath it slip away . closeup martha : she scream , wide - eye , horrify . on jonathan : under the truck , he dart a quick look at he wife , then - as he scream suddenly stop in a gasp - behind he . he Pov : the baby boy hold up the truck , two wheel off the ground . as he look in wonder toward he wife : CUT to : 44 int . truck cab - mo . two shot - drive down the road - day the baby sit happily in martha 's lap . the couple ahead , lose in think , serious . martha the good lord work in mysterious way . jonathan he sure as heck do that . martha all this year , happy as we have be , how I pray and pray he would see fit to give we a child . and just when I finally accept my bitter lot ... ( firmly ) no one must ever know . jonathan folk will ask question . martha ( determinedly ) we will say he 's a child to my cousin in North dakota , and just now orphane . ( cuddle the baby ) poor thing . jonathan guess I would better hitch up the rig and come back to get that ... that thing he be settin ' in . what do you make of that thing ? martha ? you listen ? martha I be thinkin ' what to call he . I be thinkin ' I have a uncle who be a fine man , you recall he ? the Church sexton jonathan who ? Clark ? I never care two hoot for that fella . ( pause ) Jonathan Jr. that 's get a ring to it . martha ( give he a look ) we do not want a child call ' junior , ' be not that so , Clark ? why sure it be . he scowl a bit , then look outside the window as he drive . jonathan yup , better get that thing ' fore somebody find it who should not . CUT to : 45 ext . kent farmhouse - day the farmhouse and barn -- classic american -- of the Kent 's . as scene begins , a sheriff car be park in the driveway , the dust still rise from beneath its wheel . the sheriff , a hard , tough -look man , be lean on the door of he car . stand across from he be Jonathan , and martha stand just behind he . we have the feel that this , because of the cut from the last scene , be take place immediately afterwards , and , further , that trouble be up . ( it be , however , about five year later , as we shall shortly see . ) sheriff there she be , right out in the wheat field , near to the road . reverse two shot -- on the Kent 's , look very grant Wood . jonathan you be sure of that , sheriff ? sheriff sure as shootin ' , Mr. Kent jonathan well , I hear some heifer with spunk and I hear of some with ambition , but how that cow jump a fence and get half way to danville be one for the book . and now we know that they be not speak of the krypton capsule . martha ( smile ) we thank you kindly for bringin ' she back , sheriff grizzard . they begin walk toward the red barn , nearby . track . sheriff well , that 's my job . mar 'am . part of it , anyway . say , where 's that darn kid of yours ? get he nose stick in a book again , I bet . martha well , now , Clark be a good pupil , and I thank the Lord he be . jonathan ( proudly ) get all a 's this year . teacher say he 's the best 5th grader in the - martha ( sternly ) do not brag now , Jonathan . they have reach the barn . they enter . CUT to : 46 int . barn - day wide shot of the barn -- pile of hay stand in the middle of the floor . stand in the middle of they be a boy with a rake , a pleasant , unassume lad wear glass ; the young clark kent . but instead of rake as he should be , he stand , almost mesmerize , and stare at the corner of the barn . he Pov : on one dark wall , amidst the rusty tool and plow part , the piece of the rocket and module that the baby to Earth have be take apart and hang . they be deliberately camouflage , dusty and cobwebbed , but still recognizable to we who see they before . on clark again , as he hear voice and approaching footstep come . that snap he back to present and he begin he rake chore . new angle -- as the adult approach . jonathan Clark , say hello to the sheriff . he find we runway heifer . clark stop he work , lay pitchfork down , shake hand in manly fashion clark hi , sheriff , be she over to the Harris North 40 ? sheriff grizzard pull a fountain pen from he shirt pocket , begin write on a form attach to a clipboard he carry . sheriff why , that 's right , son . how would you know that ? clark ( grin ) there 's a bull there she 's kinda sweet on . martha ( shocked ) Clark ! sheriff ( with a wink to Jonathan ) he be smart , be not he mebbe too smart for he size . ( write some more ) dange paperwork . get to note down every piece of livestock round up in the country . finish , he lay he pen down on a nearby tool shelf , absently . then tear off the sheet of paper , fold it , put it in he pocket . insert : on the shelf as the fountain pen roll off , fall behind it , between the shelf and the wall . new angle -- the kent start out of the barn . jonathan back to work now , son . clark yessir . Nice to see you again , sheriff . hold on clark as the other leave the barn . now , satisfied that they be go , he begin pitching forkful of hay at super -speed : a dazzle display with hay fly faster than the eye can see . closeup clark as he suddenly spot something . zoom in to he eye . special effect : his eye widen and glow in a weird , special way . this be the visual clue to the fact that he be use X - Ray vision . clark ' Pov : a demonstration of X - Ray vision for the audience . he be look at the shelf where the pen roll off . suddenly , before we eye , the tool shelf sort of dissolves ( effect ) and we see the wall behind it . zoom in further : the fountain pen on the floor against the wall . new angle -- clark run to the wall , push the heavy tool shelf aside with barely a touch , grab up the fountain pen and race outside . CUT to : 47 ext . farmhouse - day too late . the sheriff 's car be already go . when clark appear , he parent turn to he . clark sheriff grizzard , wait ! you forget - before martha can speak , young clark whizze off down the road at super -speed , move like grease lighten . on the kent -- she look distress , but he be beam . jonathan that 's my boy ! ( he cast he eye to heaven ) kind of . she look down the road . Pov : a cloud of dust raise by clark , all the way down to the horizon . CUT to : 48 ext . countryside - day in quick cut , the landscape constantly shifting , clark run like Andy clyde in " million dollar leg " : a ) he dash across a corn field , incredibly fast . B ) he approach a meadow with a long stretch of railroad track . CUT to : 49 ext . railroad train tracking : Racing alongside , clark , who run alongside the track . SOUND : approaching railroad train long shot : steam engine in the distance catch up , pull a long passenger train . it pull alongside the run boy , closer on the train : we can make out a family in one of the compartment . a little girl be look out of the window , she nose press to the glass . CUT to : 50 int . train compartment - day the parent of the little girl be the same couple we see in the open Pan shot of the movie , coo over they baby . they be six year older now , as be the little girl . she be lois lane . lois ( turn to she folk , amaze ) golly ! father do you say something , lois ? lois ( excited ) I see a boy run as fast as the train ! faster even ! mother ( affectionate sigh ) lois Lane , you do have a gift for invention , I will say that for you . lois but - father read you book , dear . resigned to not be believe , she go back to a " bobbsy twin " book . CUT to : 51 ext . smallville STREET - day a typical small - town street . clark kent , hold the fountain pen , lean against the door to the sheriff 's office as the sheriff 's car pull up and stop . sheriff ( get out of car , astonished to see Clark ) Clark Kent ??? how ... what ... clark ( hold the pen out ) you forget you pen , sheriff . the sheriff be eye open wide in amazement . CUT to : 52 int . kent front parlor - night full shot , wide : it look like a norman rockwell cover of the typical american farm family , circa 1943 . pa Kent sit in a overstuff chair read he paper . it be later in the same day . Clark sit at the dining table engross in glue together a model plane . in b.g. , ma Kent come in from the kitchen in she apron , wiping she hand on a towel , a troubled look on she face . martha ( this be difficult for she to say ) Clark ... Son ...that ... thing you do with the sheriff today ... that ... stunt ... you do not do that thing at school , do you ? clark ( uncomfortable about this subject ) no , Mom . you know I would not break my promise . martha I know you be a good boy , Clark . no mother could ask for better . it 's just that ... closeup clark -- he look away from she : unhappily : clark I know . I be different . two shot - she come to he ; she heart go out to he . martha oh , dear . that be not what I -- jonathan what you mother mean , Clark , be that she do not want folk to think you be special . martha I bless the day you come to we , son . you know that . but some people would not understand . clark ( pat she hand comfortingly ) do not worry , Mom . I know . martha ( brave smile ) anyway , we Kent 's do not like showoff , be not that so ? a body 's get to be humble even if he know that he 's better and he neighbor . on PA kent , raise he paper again . jonathan that 's right , son . mind you mother . she know what 's best . on clark -- feel a bit self - conscious , he get up and walk out of the room . follow he out . clark go to get a drink of water . CUT to : 53 int . corridor of kent farm - night following Clark as he walk from the parlor , walk toward the kitchen . in the parlor , we hear Jonathan Kent chuckle . suddenly , the laugh abruptly stop , follow by a audible gasp . a moment later , a crash , as if someone have fall to the floor . martha ( o.s. ) ( scream ) Jonathan ! what 's wrong ! what be it ! Jonathan ! Clark race back toward the parlor . dissolve to : 54 ext . country cemetery - day full shot -- Young Clark stand by a freshly fill grave , hold the hand of he weep mother . both be dress in mourn . closer -- the tombstone read " Jonathan Kent 1887-1943 r.i.p . " clark ( anguish ; to himself , quietly ) all that thing I can do , all that power ... and I still could not save he . tear fill he eye , his mother pat he shoulder comfortingly . dissolve to : 55 ext . kent farm - night wide shot : the barn . it stand , silhouett against the night sky . camera slowly track toward the barn , then through the door . CUT to : 56 int . barn - night it be pitch dark inside . camera continue tracking forward when suddenly a small green light flash somewhere in b.g. on the far wall . camera move in closer to reveal that it be the glow crystal jor - El put in the module . CUT to : 57 int . clark bedroom - night wide shot -- on the bed , Clark Kent , now in he 20' be asleep . suddenly he eye open . he sit up , look around . CUT to : 58 ext . farm - night on the back door as it open and Clark , fully dress , emerge from the house , ease the back door open , and cross to the barn . CUT to : 59 int . barn - night wide shot - Clark enter the barn , cross tot he source of the green light closer in -- in the corner where the rocket be dismantle , a door be open . revealing a chamber fill with the crystal jor - El place in the ship . emanate from it be a pulsate green light , which radiate the entire area . clark come close , eye widen , pull by the force . his feature illuminate by the eerie light , he reach for the crystal . CUT to : 60 int . kent house - day the follow morning . martha kent . wear she apron , stand at the foot of the stair , call up . martha Clark ? Clark ? there be no answer . she start up the stair . we note how much she have age . CUT to : 61 int . hallway , upper landing - day she cross to the door to Clark 's bedroom . martha clark ? no answer . she open the door , peer in . her Pov : the room be empty . on martha -- who enter . follow . CUT to : 62 int . clark room - day she cross to the window and look out . camera positioned just behind her , over her shoulder , angle down . zoom slowly past her to the solitary figure of Clark . he stand alone , out in the field , stare off toward the north . CUT to : 63 int . kent kitchen - day mo . shot : martha kent be sit at the kitchen table , face toward camera , look at photograph in the family album . her eye raise from the photograph ; we know she sense he have enter , but she do not turn around . clark ( awkward , odd ) Mom ... martha ( eye front , voice flat ) I know . there be a palpable tension in the room : both people know what be happen and it be terribly hard for they . both be try desperately to keep in non-emotional and flat , for fear of break down . clark I have to leave . she still do not turn and face he ; try to keep control of herself . martha I know there would be this day . I guess I know it from the minute you come to we . he come around to she side and touch she hair , thereby make she look up at he . she eye fill with tear . clark I talk to Ben Hubbard this morning . he will be more than glad to bring in the crop on share . martha he 's a good man , Ben be . you father always say so . a long pause . it be difficult to say anything . clark ( emotionally ) mother ... martha ( she pat he hand ) I know son , I know ... dissolve to : 64 ext . kent farm - day mo . shot at the gate to the road . clark in windbreaker and slack , have a rucksack at he side . mrs . kent hold out a brown bag , the same kind she use to give he he school lunch in . the wind be blow . martha I make you ... ( fight back tear ) ... some sandwich . ( she hand they to he , then take something from she apron pocket ) and this ... this be you father 's insert : Jonathan Kent 's old - fashioned pocket watch . she place it in clark be hand . closer two shot martha you remember this ? clark , deeply move , can only nod . martha he always want you to have it . silently , clark close he hand around it . then. stiffly , he turn away , open the rucksack and put the watch and the lunch bag inside . insert : on the interior of the rucksack : it glow with green light ; inside be all the component and glow stone and chip and disc see earlier . he close the bag . as we see this : martha ( o.s. ) do you know where you be head ? clark ( o.s. ) North . it 's north two shot : unable to restrain it anymore , they reach ouch to each other and move into a tight hug . martha keep warm now . clark I will . they pull back from the embrace . closeup martha martha and remember we . always remember we . CUT to : 65 ext . alaska highway - day mo . wide shot -- clark kent , clad in he light windbreaker , he rucksack behind he , stand on the side of the road , thumb out , hitch-hike . the wind blow around he mightily , ruffling he hair , but he do not seem to mind the cold . his face show calm determination . from the distance , a truck appear , pull up , stop . the driver throw the door open . truck driver get in , quick ! my God , a body could freeze to death just leavin ' the door open . as clark climb in the cab of the truck : truck driver where you head ? clark North . the truck drive off . CUT to : 66 ext . alaska - day full shot -- a narrow , snow cover road which run alongside a vast Arctic lake . in the middle of the lake , great iceberg float . the truck come to a stop , let clark out . the driver look at he quizzically a moment , then drive on . new angle -- clark stand at the edge of the ice- fill lake , look due north . 67 ext . alaska - day full shot -- a narrow , snow - cover road end in the Arctic North . in b.g. , eskimo igloos can be see . clark stand on the roadside , thumb out . dolly in tight to he . CUT to : 68 int . eskimo igloo - day a eskimo man stand at the open of he igloo . camera positioned behind he so that we see over he shoulder . there , far away , be clark as we leave he at the roadside , wear only he thin jacket . the eskimo burst out laugh and duck back in . pan over to a fur rug where he wife be seat , prepare food . chatter in eskimo talk , he point outside , laugh . the woman rise and rush to the open of the igloo , peer out . her Pov ; nothing to be see . clark be go . very wide shot . on her : she turn and mutter , annoyed , to she husband . CUT to : 69 ext . somewhere near the NORTH pole - day wide shot -- a flat , desolate plain ; off to one side be a enormous outcropping of rock jutting out of the barren snow - cover land . at the moment , there be a terrible blizzard go on . the camera pan across the freeze waste to reveal clark kent stand there , wear only he lightweight jacket , the rucksack on the ground behind he . wide shot - as the wind continue to grip across the barren plain , clark look around , then select as area . he mark its perimeter with heat vision , burn deep line into the snow and ice . dissolve to : 70 the same area - later wide shot -- once the boundary be draw , clark concentrate on the area within the perimeter , and we see the entire mass of snow begin to melt away as huge flame shoot around the gigantic excavation . dissolve to : 71 the same area - still later wide shot -- now a enormous crater have be carve out of the rock and ice . clark stand on the edge , focus into the crater . we see a crystalline foundation solidify and expand with ultra-violet radiation glow around the excavation site -- a wall be form . another burst of energy intensify and construct a second solid side join at right angle . dissolve to : 72 ext . same area - night wide shot -- clark be now on the opposite side of the excavation . we see a bright cone of light , then gass rise and solidify into multi-color molecule that expand into a third impregnable wall . through a blaze of sparkling light , the third wall increase in size and spread out to cover the fourth remain side , soon transformed into white crystalline matter . dissolve to : 73 ext . same area - day wide shot -- the fortress of solitude be now complete . it rise up in the northern landscape , but its material be harmonious . the wall of the fortress be white opaque crystalline . CUT to : 74 int . fortress of solitude - day note : Inside it be multi-level , but there be no staircase , as superman fly form level to level . the interior be spacious , though the decor be spartan , minimal . there be a large circular control room , futuristically design . it be highlight by computer , transmitter , receiver , row of button , move graph , in gleam metal and plastic unknown on Earth . the central area , where the memory crystal be store and activate and where superman communicate with he dead father , be overlook by " float " balcony which lead to hide bedroom , corridor , etc . in another part of the area be a self contain , window chamber which will be the molecule Restructuring Machine . in the there be a kitchen -dine area , the decor be so futuristic as to be barely recognizable ( there be no stove , for example ) . the dining set contain no chair , but be build in platform that seem to float . there be no closet in the structure because one have only to touch the wall and it open a storage space . on the higher level there be a area that open out onto a balcony - the only window in the fortress . everything be transparent , crystalline , remind we of krypton ( because jor - El design it and perhaps remind superman of he ancestral home ) . CUT to : 75 int . memory crystal area - day it be barren except for a large bench with a strange box in the front of it . to the leave be two wall with a glow row of shelf of crystal on each . clark take the first crystal from the first shelf and place it in a appropriate " play-back " mechanism in the box in front of the bench . as soon as he do : 76 effect : the light in the fortress begin to change very dramatically . there be something magical and awe - inspiring about this effect , which will continue to happen each time this process be repeat . the process of " materialize " jor -el . for it be he , jor - EL , look as he do when last see on krypton , who suddenly seem to materialize out of thin air ; he appear simultaneously in different area of the room , and in different size and dimension as well . jor -el my son , you do not remember I . I be jor - El . I m you father . by this time , you will have reach you eighteenth year in Earth time and I will have be dead for many , many year in krypton time measure . although there be certain thing you already know of human way and wisdom , there be many question that have puzzle and confuse you as you search for the answer to you life . although I be speak from the past , I have try to anticipate they . on clark - unsure . clark can I ask direct question , Father ? jor -el speak . clark who be I ? camera begin , in effect , a slow 360 degree pan from young clark , moving around the interior of the fortress as we see many of the feature describe above . the figure of jor - EL appear and fade in different dimension , different area as each dissolve out indicate the passage of time . at no point until the culmination of the 360 pan do we see clark kent again . jor -el you name be kal - El . you be the only survivor of the planet krypton . although you have be raise as a human , you be not one of they . you road have be a difficult one ; it will continue to be . you have great power but you be confuse as to how to use they . all this I know . here in this fortress , a place of solitude , I will train you for the task that lie ahead . now let we work together to complete you education . over the year I have instruct you in all the language , art , and science of Earth as well as the far more advanced knowledge of krypton . now , my son , we turn to a more difficult subject - virtue . how do a good man live ? this be not yet -- not even on krypton -- a precise science . so I can only tell you what other have think and what -- what I myself believe -- his voice dissolves out . dissolve to : pan continue as light change , as if it be now darker or lighter outside the opaque fortress , as jor - EL now materialize in another area . continue he lesson : jor -el though you be a superior to other , do not set yourself above they . lead by inspiring . weigh carefully -- as even ordinary man should -- the reward life offer . never use you power for personal gain , kal - El . never . dissolve to : 77 circle continue again with light change , come back around now to its original point , as again jor - EL materialize in another part of the chamber : jor -el you education be complete , kal - El . ( a touch of pride in he boy ) you have ask good question . and I think together we have always find the answer . so now ... now it be time to return to the world you will live in . clark ( o.s. ) will I be accept as I be ? as he ask this question , camera complete 360 degree ( and a lot of year ) and come to rest on ... superman . and there he be . in the flesh , and in the traditional costume : Blue outfit , red trunk and cape , yellow monogram . the big S. a handsome , strong man in he 30' , who wear the weight of he mission lightly , but take everything with the proper seriousness . his intelligence shine through all the macho aspect of he personality . and at all time , even in the middle of action and violence , he retain a kind of twinkle in he eye that let we know that he see everything from a slightly off - center position ; that , while acknowledge he bizarre life - style he can also see that it have its humorous side when look at from the proper perspective . he be warm , likable , and generous . but when he become Clark Kent , the disguise take on almost schizoid dimension : a great personality change , exaggerate all this " everyday , normal " quality that be so inherently foreign to he true personality , and yet , as we will see , there be a part of he that yearn and long to be Clark Kent , free form the overwhelming responsibility that come , unmask , from be who he be : superman . jor -el do not reveal you gift - they will only bring jealousy and pain . live as one of they , but keep in you heart the pride of you heritage . when new question arise come back here and I will try to help . he smile . jor - El click off the recording gadget in he hand and he image start to fade away . then , he suddenly remember something else and click the gadget back on . his image return to full strength . jor -el oh ... ( for the first time a bit unsure of himself ) ... lara , that be you mother , mention a word to I the other day . it be something irrational to we here . but for you , where you be , it have a strength and a meaning , so ... so from a galaxy far beyond you ken , from we ... ourselves , we send you we ... love . hold in position as he switch off the recorder and he image slowly fade away . CUT to : 78 ext . metropolis STREET - day two foot step down the pavement . pan up to see clark kent walk the street of metropolis , attaché case in hand . he now look like he classic comic-book persona : the conservative suit , the horn -rimm glass , the white shirt and neat tie , the attaché case , etc . a brisk breeze blow and we note that most people be dress for cooler weather . metropolis look remarkably like New York . it be almost Christmas : display and light flash in store window , sidewalk crowded with shopper . full shot -- as clark reach the street corner , look around and admire the skyline , fascinate by the big city , he start across the street , toward the building mark DAILY planet , oblivious to the red light turn green and the oncoming traffic . a taxi come hurtle on . 79 new angle the cab smashes into clark . the driver , horrify , jump out and look to see what expect will be a victim . but clark kent just walk away . clark Excuse I . new angle - a second cab driver , who plow into the rear of the first cab , jump out , rush forward angrily . second cabbie you moron ! whaddaya stop short for in the middle of -- the first driver , stare at he cab 's front end , look up in dumb -founded amazement at the second driver . both look in wonder now at the front end of the cab that hit clark . insert - the front end of the cab have clark impression cut deeply into the hood , through to the engine block to the windshield . new angle - clark wave a cheery farewell to the two non- pluss cabby , mouth a friendly little " sorry ! " to they , and - have cross the street by now -- almost back right into the lobby door of the DAILY planet where he be head . as he enter , pan up the skyscraper to its tower ( this be not the same newspaper building we see in the open shot , but new , more modern quarter ) where we see the great symbol that top it : the globe and the enormous electric sign , " the DAILY planet -- metropolis ' greatest newspaper . " 80 int . CITY room - DAILY planet - day wide shot : the city room of a large city newspaper . this be where it all happen : row and row of desk , thirty or forty reporter , editor , copy boy and other employees scurrying back and forth , type , run with copy and galley . hold long enough to establish the atmosphere . then begin dolly back to a corner of the city room where a few star reporter desk look a bit larger and widely space than the other . behind they be a frost glass door , on which be paint : " perry White , manage editor . " on one of the desk : seat at the typewriter , work away with intense concentration punctuate by occasional smile , approve nod and triumphant " hah 's ! " be a young woman who seam , even at first glance , to really " have she act together . " physically , she 's a knockout : long brunette hair , smart clothes on a smart figure , a kind of ease with herself and she look that add up to sexy . mentally , she 's just as good : bright , talented , ambitious . a girl with a wry sense of humor that she can turn on herself as well as on any adversary , and withal a woman who never forget that she be a woman , this grow - up version of that little girl we last see with she nose press against the glass of a train window as it sped through smallville -- this be lois lane . lois ( call out to anybody within earshot ) how do you spell " massacre ? " a reporter at a nearby desk look up from he work : reporter E , R. a few foot away , a fresh - face young cub reporter stand aim a dart at a dartboard target nail up on a nearby wall . a teen - age eager beaver , this be jimmy olsen jimmy no , it 's R , E. he throw he dart ; bullseye . under the dartboard be a glass bowl fill with quarter and a sign : pay the kitty , losers . " on lois -- type rapidly . lois Jimmy 's right . Jimmy , pleased , come over to lois , try to see what 's in the typewriter . move in on they . jimmy what be you write , lois ? lois ( never slow down the speed at which she e type ) a ode to spring . be there one or two " T 's " in bloodlett ? jimmy two . lois ( as she type the finish , read she close aloud with great relish ) ' and the people on the street , the little man who run the corner newsstand , the old lady sun herself on the stoop the kid play stick ball -- none of they will ever forget the night of senseless bloodlett that turn a friendly block part into a nightmare . ' ( more ) 80 continued : lois ( cont 'd ) ( with triumphant satisfaction , she yank the page out of the typewriter ) ha ! eat you heart out , dorothy kilgallen ! she gather up she story , stand up from she desk and start toward perry white be office . jimmy olsen tag along at she heel . track with she as she walk across the city room . jimmy ( lose in admiration ) Boy ! lois ( wryly , as be she style sometimes ) get you where you live , huh ? jimmy how come you get all the good storey , lois ? lois it 's because I be a intrepid girl reporter , Jimmy . ( short pause ) besides , the chief of detective have the hot for I . they pass the dartboard area . automatically , lois stop , take she dart , aim and throw . a poor shot , miss the center area . she start to continue on to perry be office . jimmy ( a gentle reminder ) Uh...Lois ...? he point . what he point at : the pot . the kitty . with a look , lois dig a quarter from she purse , go and drop it in the pot . lois need I ask who 's favore to collect at the end of this week . jimmy on the salary he pay I , I can not make my rent without it . she continue to the door to perry white be office . she knock and then enter without wait to be invite . CUT to : 81 int . perry white's office - day Big but not fancy - the office of a work editor . copy pin up on the bulletin board and pile up on the desk , along with photo , wire service tear sheet and a few plaque and award and sign photo of politician frame on the wall . behind the desk , in he customary outfit ( roll - up shirt sleeve , tie loosen , top button open ) , and he customary expression ( harry ) , be the no -nonsense , hard - work , 50'ish editor of the paper . somewhere beneath all that bark and gruffness be a nice guy who love he grand - child , but he employee do not get to see much of that side of he . lois , however , can kid he all she want and he give it to she right back ; all this friendly animosity , however , be just they way of like and respect each other . the man be perry white . lois lay the story on he desk , lois ( feel cocky ) here 's the story on that East 19th Street murder spree . page one with a banner headline seem about right to I . perry it do , huh ? ( gesture to somebody behind lois ) Clark Kent , I would like you to meet lois Lane . she turn , surprised . she do not realize , as she barge right in the office , that there be somebody else in the room . and neither do we , until now . new angle -- seat in a chair against the wall by the entrance be clark kent . he rise on the introduction . his manner be polite and friendly , but we can see immediately that he be take by lois . clark I would like to . lois ( ever arch ) well ! perry ( he sarcastic humor ) she give I advice on how to run my paper . as he say this , he turn slightly to a little shelf beside he desk on which stand a one - burner hot - plate with water boil on it . next to the hot-plate be a fresh , un -open jar of instant coffee , which perry now pick up and try -- to open . lois and he ignore I . the door open and jimmy enter , smile as he hear this usual plaint from lois . he lay a sheaf of copy on the desk and turn to go , but perry pass he the unopenable coffee jar . as jimmy begin struggle with it : clark ( to lois ) I will bet you have some good idea . lois ( a smile to clark , then turn to perry ) hey , you be get a better class of people in you office this day , boss . perry I think so , too , till you come in . clark smile , recognize this banter be typical of they relationship . he automatically take the coffee jar that , red -face from he struggle and failure , pass as lois rise , say : lois ( to clark ) well , nice to meet you . clark be now smile at lois , not even look at the jar . we be sure he be about to " give himself away , " to open it with a mere twist of the wrist . but no -- he smile turn to a frown , a expression of great effort as he " try " to unscrew the top and " try " again , in vain . lois be apparently pay no attention , busy pitching to perry : lois okay , boss ? I be off to a hot tub and then a cold martini with the deputy Mayor in one of metropolis ' more recherché bistros . without even look at he or it , she grab the coffee jar from clark , not miss a beat as she say : lois not that I will not forget to pump he about that kick - back rumor -- and she give the jar a sharp rap on the edge of the desk and then unscrew it effortlessly . with a little smile , she pass it back to clark . perry lois , take Kent there and introduce he around lois okay , but ... why ? ( to clark ) no offense . clark well , I ... perry he 's come to work for the paper . I be put he on the city beat . closeup - lois -- she turn and look at clark in a new way . she have not realize he be a reporter . perry ( to lois ) not only be this guy good , not only do he show the proper respect for he editor - in - chief -- ( he be bait she a bit ) -- not only do he have a snappy , punchy prose style , but I swear to to you that he be the fastest typist I have see after forty year in the business . favoring lois -- she tense just a bit , feel the pressure of competition . they turn to leave . angle with perry behind they . perry Kent . before you go , do not forget to sign you W - 2 form . clark oh , listen , Mr. White . could you arrange for half my salary to be send on a weekly basis to this address ? he scribbles something on a piece of scrap paper on perry be desk . favoring lois -- watch this . lois you bookie ? clark ( a bit shocked ) no . lois ( archly , outing he on ) I know . he send a check every week to he dear gray-haire old mother . clark actually , she 's silver - haire . lois ( stunne ; he actually do send he mother money ) not ...gray . clark not really , no . as they exit : lois be there any more at home like you ? clark not really , no . CUT to : 82 ext . STREET near the DAILY planet - night clark and lois be walk down the street , later that night . track with they , as they pass a liquor store . lois well , how be you enjoy you first day on the job ? clark I think I lose a week 's salary at the dart board . lois ( kid ) some people be not the athletic type . clark but otherwise it 's swell . lois ' swell . ' when be the last time I hear anybody say - where be you from , anyway ? clark I doubt you ever hear of it . a little town call smallville . by now they pass the liquor store and we can see in b.g. some commotion inside , though they do not notice it . lois well , you be go to find metropolis be a pretty tough town compare to -- at the moment , behind they , two hood , gun draw , come barrel out of the liquor store , just behind they , chase by the old owner . owner stop they ! they rob I ! new angle -- wide -- as the hood run toward a idling getaway car park a few yard ahead of clark and lois , a police car , siren scream , come tear down the street behind the liquor store . on the getaway car -- the third hood , the driver , fling the door open , scream : third hood get in ! get in ! new angle - wide -- two cop leap from the police car , take fire position across the fender , one fire a warning shot into the air . cop hold it right there ! reverse -- the hood grab the startle lois and clark , hold they as shield between they and the cop . lois get you hand off I ! first hood ( hold clark ) do not try anything funny , pal . closeup - clark -- tense . will he do something ? on lois and she captor . second hood tell you boyfriend to just be cool . lois he can not even open a coffee jar . they edge toward the getaway car when suddenly , another police car tear up the street come towards they , turn sharply to block the street car . two more cop jump out . now they be trap . just to the right , before the getaway car , be a alley . still drag they hostage , they pull they into the alley . the third hood fire at the cop from inside he car . bullet be exchange . as the crook leap from the car , he be gun down in a hail of bullet . CUT to : 83 ext . alley - night another patrol car come down the end of the alley , sealing it off . he hood panic , fire off some shot . the cop return the FIRE . lois and clark race for a wall to get out of the line of fire , but it be so chaotic , with bullet come from behind and ahead , that it be not easy . on a cop - hit , fall across the fender . on the first hood -- fire off three shot . on the cop at the end of the alley -- shoot . the second hood - hit , fall to the ground . on lois -- she stumble and fall . on clark -- behind she , by the wall , as bullet hit he . they bounce right off he chest , but nobody see it . on lois and the first hood - as she get up , the hood grab she , hold he gun to she head . first hood shoot I and the chick get it first . clark lois ! quick closeup - clark poise , freeze . will he ...? new angle -- the cop behind they close in the alley , firing . on one of they -- he carefully take aim , one hand grip he other wrist to steady it . Pov - he gunshot -- the hood hold lois be the target . suddenly just as : SOUND : the cop fire -- the hood duck and lois pop up n range . clark kent dash forward , he hand raise in front of lois . insert : the bullet hit clark right in the palm of he hand . he close he fist around it . new angle -- the hood throw he gun down ( out of bullet ) and make a run for it . one of the cop chase after he and bring he down in a fly tackle . the second hood lie shot in the middle of the alley . closer -- clark and lois as the police run towards they . lois my God ! I could have be kill ! why do not you -- the cop who fire the Pov shot rush over . cop be you folk okay ? geez , fella I think I hit you . clark no. I be okay . cop I do not know who be the good guy and who be the bad guy for a minute there . lois ( annoyed ) I be neither . cop huh ? lois male chauvinist . and with that she turn and stomp off down the street in a huff . clark , with a farewell smile to the police , run to catch up with she . dissolve to : 84 ext . another STREET - night a dark , narrow , desert street in metropolis , a few minute later . tracking with they as they walk . lois see ? do not I tell you this be a tough town ? clark unbelievable . lois not in metropolis it be not . this be the home of the sneak attack , the stab in the back , the -- precisely at that moment , a figure leap from the shadow of a doorway and grab lois ' purse and yank it from she . lois hey ! clark what the -- ! the man start to run . lois stop he , Clark ! clark he may have a gun ! lois ( impatiently ) oh , for God 's sake ! the hell with it ; she have no time to stand and argue with clark . with spunky determination , she take off after the purse-snatcher . pan to watch she - the robber have a excellent head start on she ; no way she can catch he . closeup - clark -- watch , tense . on lois -- who finally give up , slump , exhaust . lois twice in one night . I would better go in training . clark run over to she . clark it be not worth get a heart attack over , lois . lois ( catch she breath ) you be great with the advice , Clark . maybe you would better take over the lovelorn column . clark suppose that man have hurt you ? be it worth risk you life over ten dollar , two credit card , and a lipstick ? I mean , it 's not as if -- closeup - lois -- she look at he with a very strange expression . lois how do you know that ? closeup clark - clark -- a faint flicker of nervousness . he realize he almost blow he cover . clark know what ? two shot lois you describe the exact content of my purse . clark ( lightly ) I just take a shot at it . he step out into the street to hail a distant cab ( and to put a end to the discussion ) clark taxi ! CUT to : 85 ext . STREET - metropolis - night the runaway thief , slowed down , come down a street and stop by a garbage can . he open the purse , take out the money , then dump the rest . now he turn into a very elegant hotel that look like the Plaza . we get a better look at he : a burly guy in he late 30' , not very bright , but eager to please he superior . this be otis . CUT to : 86 int . lobby plaza HOTEL - night otis suspiciously watch the movement n the lobby of the hotel . at the right moment , he go into the Men 's room . CUT to : 87 int . men' room - plaza HOTEL - night with no one present , otis open the door to a toilet , mark " out of order , " and enter . CUT to : 88 int . toilet - plaza HOTEL - night seat on the toilet bowl , otis pull the flush . we see the toilet compartment descend like a elevator . CUT to : 89 int . lex luthor' subterranean hideout ( hall ) - night the entire lair have cost lex luthor a great deal of money and time to put this together ; he headquarters locate hundred of foot below the street , below the subways , down at sewer level . the place be fantastic : baroque and bizarre , it match the mind of its creator . the important room be luthor 's office , over - decorate in pure kitsch , with a enormous desk , scabbard and tapestry on the wall ; a large window outside of which various trompe l'oail " drop " serve as a " view , " depend on the whim of luthor or he croney ( beach scene , mountain view , skyscraper vista , etc. ) , a low table of the kind usually use for a chess board , but support a Monopoly game instead , which be part of the close - circuit television system key to the various strange entrance to the underground lair , i.e. , under each monitor be its " entrance " address : 59th Street , Park Avenue , Plaza Hotel , Central Park , 67th Street , etc . other room include the tv bank room , locate on a gantry over a run sewer canal ( to be describe in fuller term later ) ; a library , which descend into a jungle of pipe and cable ( fuller description follow later ) ; and the hallway . at the moment we be in the hall , which lead into the office at one end , and various smaller room at the other . its most distinguishing feature be a mammoth wall cover by a large curtain -- what it conceal will be reveal later . as scene begins , we be in the hall where suddenly a door open and otis , seat on he toilet elevator , appear . we understand that this be where the lift land , as otis step out quietly , another man come down the corridor wheeling a large table , its bumpy , irregular surface cover with a canvas , head for the office . this be albert . he be one of three other ( besides otis ) member of the group . the most strike of the three be a man in he late 30' . he be totally bald . his taste in clothing run to black . this be a brilliant man , but one whose mind and character have be so warpe that all he energy and intelligence be apply to evil and / or anti-social scheme . he be a scientific genius who use all he expertise to further he insatiable appetite for land and real estate . as a personality , he could give ten psychiatrist five year work : a genuine case of rampant pathological aberration that manifest itself in a changeability that be so mark as to go beyond the term " mercurial . " he be one minute charming , sweet , paternal with he underling ; the next minute he can ( and often do ) become savage , cut sadistic , caustic . he keep everyone around he in a perpetual state of nerve because they never know whether they will be kiss or kick from one minute to the next . there be in he as well , a genuine sense of humor , though invariably warpe , and a great streak of self - pity , that cause he to wallow in anguish from time to time . his own nervous habit be equally peculiar , i.e. , he eat kleenex nervously , chew on it to calm himself . the man be a energy center , a neurotic dictator , and , in he own way , a compelling personality . there ought to be a sense of delight in he as well . this be the great criminal on Earth -- lex luthor . the second person be a strikingly attractive woman , about 30 . her look and manner bespeak class and a former elegance , but time with lex luthor have take its toll ; she have a slightly waste look about she , a sense of have slip and go over one very important hill not too long ago . she be bright and flip and handle lex 's change manner a bit more easily than the other , though its have make she permanently jumpy . she function as he girlfriend , side -kick , and personal secretary , and she sense of security in she position as well as the security in know that lex , in he weird way , really have affection for she , allow she to sass he and smart - mouth he once in a while , nobody else would ever dare . God help she , as she often think to herself , but for some reason ( a masochistic one for sure ) she love lex luthor . this be eve teschmacher . the third man be a rather frail , insubstantial man in he mid - 40' . timid , nervous enough to jump at he own shadow , he be clearly a intelligent specialist who at one time make some horrendous slip in life that force he , more out of weakness than out of choice , to join the criminal element . thoroughly under the boss ' domination , he be lex luthor 's personal architect , as well as he chief aide in engineering and plan . perhaps there be a faint trace of a german accent . he be albert . it be albert who now wheel he table into the office , as otis follow discreetly some step behind . 90 int . lex luthor' office - night as albert enter , he look questioningly o.s. leave . albert ready ? luthor' voice Lay it on I . albert I hope you like it . luthor' voice so far , Albert , it 's nothing to write home about , y'know ? y'know ? ( note : luthor 's constant " y' know " be a nervous twitch , though a verbal one . what drive he crazy be when people actually reply to it . ) on luthor - now we see he for the first time , seat behind he massive desk . albert I know , but -- luthor ( sharply ) stop say you know when I say ' y'know . ' I know you know . ( with barely a glance to otis hover back ) yes , I know you be here , otis . what do you want , a brass band ? on otis -- at a loss for word ; as always awkward and unsure of himself in front of he boss . otis I ...uh ... new angle luthor no speech , otis . just watch what Albert have prepare . ( to albert ) what be you wait for ? albert whisk the cloth away to reveal a incredibly detailed table - top moquette representation of a section of the southwestern United States , particularly the California desert area . I have desert , canyon , glass " river and lake , " mountain range and one very specific structure , a tatty little drive - in taco stand , just counter operation with one teeny table in front . on top of its roof , the letter proclaim pancho' taco palace . otis and eve make proper sound of appreciation as albert look proud . then all look expectantly to luthor . on luthor luthor we be pleased . he reach forward , pull a kleenex from the desk dispenser and begin to chew it . he rise from he desk and walk over to the model . pan with he , stay wide . now he inspect it more closely . luthor ( expansively ) you will be design monument soon , Albert ! hotel ! palace ! albert ( carry away ) bunker ! luthor ( sternly ; on of he lighten - fast switch in tone ) I take the man out of Argentina - and it be no picnic find he y'know ? and what do he think about ? bunker . still live in the past , when I be about to realize the great real estate scheme in the history of the world ! eve ( disparagingly ) you and you real estate . luthor I and my real estate ? how many other girl , miss teschmacher , be lucky enough to have a Park Avenue address like this ? eve it be not a Park Avenue address . really . luthor so it 's six hundred foot below Park Avenue , it 's still a Park Avenue address . new angle as eve get up . perches on the edge of he desk . eve why do it all mean so much to you ? all the time , ' land , land , land . ' luthor my father always say to I , ' Son , do not invest you money in anything but land . land ! stock rise and fall , bank fall , people be no damn good , but they will always need land and for that they will pay through the nose . ' remember that , ' my father say . ' land . " eve you father be a sick weirdo . luthor I know that . Bu tin this case he be right . Arnold ' buster ' luthor , the most inept check forger of he time -- ( dramatically ) a pity he do not live to see he son strike out for the big city . a pity he do not live to see how , from humble beginning , I create a empire . eve ( she bullshit detector be always on ) this ?? luthor compare to what come before ? a year of live in the sewer ? ( nostalgically ) a part of that will always be with I . eve so I have notice . luthor ( to the heaven above ) crier and complainer ! that 's what I get ! moaner and groaner ! I , lex luthor , who figure out how to live in luxury without ever pay one cent in tax . lex luthor , who build this fantastic kingdom under the sea , so to speak , hide and undetected by the fool who eke out they miserable life on the street above . eve ( longingly ) street , sunlight . when be the last time I see sunlight . luthor ( threateningly ) you will be see star in a minute , miss teschmacher . y'know ? eve even that would be a improvement . luthor stride around he table - top map like napoleon . luthor a improvement ! what will you say when - ( point to map ) -- when you share in the glory of the great land grab since they buy Manhattan Island for 24 buck . ( to albert ) do you know what my iq test at in the third grade ? ( to eve ) tell he . eve 190 . albert my ! luthor yes . make you look like a dummy , do not it ? ( a quick George Scott grin ) life be never boring with I . admit it . he turn a full radiant smile on they . two shot -- eve and albert , poker - face eve never , lex . satisfied , luthor spin on he heal and begin to walk toward otis , who instinctively back up . pan and move in . luthor now then , otis . do you get what I ask for ? otis yessir . just what you want . favoring otis - who step forward to the table - top display and mysteriously remove a small box from he jacket pocket . the other crowd around , wait . now otis open the box and remove a toy pine tree from a model train set and proudly place it on the model terrain . otis there . luthor ( snatching it up ) not there ! a pine tree in death Valley ? idiot ! this be for the North Woods section ! otis do I do good , Mr. luthor ? luthor ( big smile ) excellent , otis. ( big scowl ) but what take you so long ? he stalk he , advance till he have otis back up against the edge of the desk . he eye narrow . luthor what 's the matter , otis ? on otis otis ( nervous , guilty ) matter ? with I ? nothing 's the matter . on luthor luthor otis , be you up to you old trick ? luthor reach forward on he desk , pull a kleenex out of the dispenser and begin to chew it . luthor ( stricken ) I break the man out of prison -- otis I will always be grateful , Mr. luthor . luthor I give he steady employment -- otis I will never forget you for that , Mr. luthor . luthor I give he this new face . otis ( who be pretty ugly ) I ...uh ... check . luthor get up from he desk and sort of writhes over to the squirming otis . luthor and now he lie to I . he have be steal lady ' purse again . ( zeroing in ruthless ) have not you ? have not you , you miserable petty crook ? otis ( mortify ) I guess I ...uh ... regress . mo . closeup - luthor - he give otis a look that could freeze water . then turn and walk back to he desk with elaborate weariness , gesture like a man who have to bear a terrible burden in order to get he work do . luthor ( glaring ) feed the pet , otis . on otis - cring at the prospect . gasp from eve and albert . wide shot - new angle -- they start across the enormous room toward the curtain wall on the far side . otis can barely walk , so fearful be he . luthor prod he ahead of he with a sharp jab in the spine . dolly in and track with they . eve speak of feed thing , what about dinner ? luthor what about dinner ? I have to worry about the crime of the century , that 's all . y'know ? be I suppose to worry about what 's in the refrigerator , too ? ( to albert ) what 's in it ? albert there 's some slice american cheese ... and ... a half a bottle of club soda , I think . luthor wonderful . otis will go above and steal some Big mac . eve again ??? luthor ( sternly ) first the pet , otis . 91 int . lex luthor be hall - night as the approach the wall , we see that it be cover by a massive curtain . a complicated ladder arrangement stand adjacent to it . a electronic open system with a button be mount on the wall above it . as they get near it : luthor ( content ) ahhhh , my favorite part of the day . who else could have think of this aquarium ? albert nobody else . luthor shut up , apple-polisher . luthor mount a ladder arrangement that stand adjacent to the massive curtain . a electronic open system with a button be mount on the wall above it . angle up , very wide , favoring lex , who be very full of himself : luthor y'see . it 's just a matter of apply superior intellect to know fact , example . fact : for year , child have be flush baby alligator down the drain when they mother get sick of they . as well as pet turtles with patriotic and civic mottoe paint on they back . supposition : this creature live and grow and thrive and prosper in the sewer of the city . application : build a conduit channel they into a private underground tank . result ? he press the button . the curtain rise , revealing a enormous glass - wall tank , open on the top , that be exactly what lex luthor describe : fill with the most grotesque collection of monster you have ever see . giant albino alligator , all of they horribly white from live in the dark sewer : enormous turtles with american flag and mottoe on they back ; giant swim rat , snake , eel and god-know - what -else . they thrash around in the most revolting brackish , filthy water imaginable . lex luthor be response to the sight of he " pet " be ecstatic . h begin to croon to they in a baby - talk falsetto voice the way certain , otherwise normal people do when speak privately to they dog of cat , as we watch this grotesque aquarium : luthor there 's my pwecious sweet wittle baby , yes . the sweetie baby , yes . who 's my baby little sweet heart ? yes . yes look at simba . favore the most ugly albino alligator of all . luthor be not he grow into a big fella , yes , yes , daddy 's big fella . my little simba , yes . ( suddenly , harsh to otis ) feed they , otis . on otis - who turn pale at the think . otis please ... luthor ( warningly ) otis ... look like a man ascend the gallow , otis ascend the ladder to the very top , where we see that a feed platform extend over the top of the open tank . he crawl out on that , in total terror . the alligator and rat begin leaping from the water , snap at he . a large box of god-know - what with a shovel in it be there : the food . otis pull on rubber glove and then begin shoveling the garbage into the tank . as the voracious beast leap and snap at the food , we hear o.s. : luthor ( croon ) yes , my little baby be sooo hungry , be not they ? yes daddy 's go to make you tummy feel sooo good , yes ... CUT to : 92 int . CITY room - DAILY planet - night wide shot -- a lot of frenetic activity although the clock on the wall indicate that it be eight o'clock at night . the camera dolly through all the chaos toward the door to perry White 's office as it open and perry white come out , a sheaf of galley in he hand . perry ( call out ) Olsen , take this Loch ness update down to compose and tell they to use it as fill unless something come in on that jewel robbery . he cross to one of the reporter 's desk , pick up the phone . jimmy olsen take the galley from he and disappear o.s . perry ( into phone ) Harry ? that 's it . put 'er to bed . he hang up , turn to the room full of reporter . perry ( to all ) okay , people . all around he reporter jump to they foot and run for the door . the camera track in front of perry as he cross to lois ' desk . perry lois , the kickback story ... lois ( the smart alec ) nine to five it 's a pulitzer Prize , I know . perry I be go to say that there 's only one ' p ' in subpoena . what the hell do you major in at radcliffe ? Middle English ? ( he turn to clark who sit nearby ) Nice job on the teamster 's update , Kent . perry white turn and walk away . clark thanks . Chief . on clark - as he look around to make sure that no one be watch , then , use super - breath . he clear off he desk . pan in mo . shot as he walk over to lois who be sit back enjoy a cigarette , she foot up on she desk . lois what now , my love ? clark huh ? lois Big night come up ? clark oh , not really . I guess I will just watch a little tv and -- ( bravely ) -- unless ... would you be interested in dinner ? lois thanks , Clark , but I be book for the night . clark ( disappointed ) oh. lois it 's not what you think . darn it . I be go out on a story . the Secretary of Defense be landing at the airport tonight and this kid 's go to be there to make sure he answer a few question he would rather duck . clark ( half in admiration ) do not you ever give up ? favoring lois - who sigh , ruminate a bit . lois for what ? oh , I have see the way the other half life . my sister , for instance . it look terrific , but be that what I really want ? Three kid , two cat , and fifteen needlepoint pillow ? I would go bananas after one week . Hell , I need this crazy existence of mine . ( she light one cigarette from the butt of the last ) like I need the plague , right ? that 's what you think . clark ( seriously ) no. I be just think that you smoke too much , if you do not mind my say so . lois ( dismiss the think ) there 's no real proof that tobacco -- clark ( shake he head ) lois , you should see what the inside of you lung look like . new angle -- she rise , grab she reporter 's notebook , start toward the elevator . lois I appreciate the advice , okay ? but I have get a story to do . he catch up to she . clark can I take you to the airport ? lois not unless you can fly . clark ( fast ) come again ? they have reach the elevator . the elevator door open . she enter . lois ( with a farewell wave ) up , up and away . the elevator door shut . hold on clark . a moment later , the other elevator stop and open its door . a man be in it . as clark enter : clark down ? the door shut . CUT to : 93 ext . roof of the DAILY planet - night a helicopter sit on a landing pad , its blade turn , its motor on . from the rooftop fire door exit , lois emerge , bend down and run in that position under the blade and into the chopper . the pilot help she in . as she strap she safety belt on , the pilot start the craft , which begin to rise . suddenly a great gust of wind spin the helicopter around . it slam into the tower with one pontoon hang over the edge of the building - this be the passenger ( lois ) side . closer - the jolt slam the pilot forward against the windshield , knock he unconscious . CUT to : 94 tracking with clark as he walk down the street , come from the office . as he reach the cross street -- widen -- he see a small crowd across the street that have gather on the corner , look up and point , excited . he look up to see what they be look at . 95 angle up - Pov the chopper in trouble on the roof . CUT to : 96 ext . roof of the DAILY planet build - night close on the chopper -- the pilot be out cold , lois frantic , see she predicament and look down at she side . 97 her Pov a sheer drop to the street . 98 on the chopper as she unbuckle she safety belt and try to crawl over the pilot to the door on he side that will lead she to the rooftop and safety . the helicopter rock back and forth violently wide shot -- the blade of the propeller jam against the exit door on the roof , block it . CUT to : 99 ext . STREET - night closeup - clark kent -- horrify at what he see . clark lois ! then , with a look of determination on he face , he turn and push he way through the mob of people . he Pov -- on a corner , by a alley , be a phone booth , of the type that be glass from about the shoulder up and solid panel below . it seem to be unoccupy . on clark - he race to it . in one motion he pull open the door and push in . as he do so : female voice hey ! as he step back , startle , pan down he Pov - a very little old lady . already on the phone . regard he furiously . little old lady find you own phone booth , sonny ! on clark - mutter to himself , he run toward the alley . 100 ext . roof of DAILY planet - night on the chopper -- lois start to crawl over the pilot when , suddenly , the balance of the chopper shift . it tilt the other way with a great lurch , throw she door open and send she fly out into space . as she go , she scream and grab the undone safety belt - the only line she have . CUT to : 101 ext . STREET - night clark race into a alley . panning with he at super - speed : now , before we eye , clark kent metamorphoses into superman . the clark kent outfit and manner seem literally to vanish as the classic image of the heroic superman in full costume materialize . as he race into a alley where this happen , a Super - fly style black pimp in incredibly wild and garish pimp clothes come out of a doorway just in time to see superman in full regalia . black pimp ( mightily impressed ) hey , Jim ! that outfit be bad - superman ( no time for small talk ) Excuse I . and with burst of energy , he rise from the ground and fly up into the sky . camera zoom with he as he soar to the height . on the pimp - watch he fly off . black pimp ( call to the depart superman ) where you get they cloth , baby ? who 's you tailor ? CUT to : 102 ext . STREET - night on the crowd -- watch lois dangle from the helicopter when : 103 there Pov - superman appear fly toward the disabled helicopter . first voice look ! second voice it 's a bird ! third voice ( woman ) no , it 's some kind of plane ! first voice damned if I know , lady . CUT to : 104 closer on the helicopter lois dangle from the open cockpit hang on by she safety belt . slowly , carefully , she try to pull herself into the cabin . suddenly , she try to pull herself into the cabin . suddenly the helicopter slip and tilt even more precariously over the edge . lois ( scream ) help ! pilot ( frantically ) do not move ! lois freeze . nevertheless the helicopter begin to slip forward , slide closer and closer to the edge . tight on lois - a , from edge of frame , we see superman be mighty arm reach out and grab she around the waist . she be position so that she back be partly to superman . superman easy now , miss , I have get you ??? lois ( in a panic ) you have get I ? who 's get you ??? superman ( firm ) do as I say . let go ! lois ( meaning it ) oh , God ! I be go to die ! superman ( a warm chuckle ) not while I be around you be not . c'mon ... she let go . he grab she tight . wider angle -- holding lois with one arm , superman grab the bottom of the helicopter with the other hand and lift it clear of the building . o.s. SOUND : a gasp from the street below . pan upward as superman slowly lift the helicopter and carry it to a flat , open area of the roof . fir he set lois down and then the helicopter on to the roof . on lois -- watch he , in a state of shock . lois who ... who ... superman let 's just say I be a friend . ( motion to the helicopter ) and watch yourself from now on with that thing , okay ? ( grin ) I mean if the good lord want people to fly he would have give they wing . then , from behind the jamme exit door , a furious pounding . perry white's voice ( from inside ) open this damn thing ! on superman - as he hear perry , he take he cue to split . he leap from the edge of the building , do a loop in the air , and fly away . 105 ext . sky over DAILY planet build - night superman start to drift down from the roof to the alley , fully expect to go back to be Clark Kent in a moment . on he as he float down , suddenly he frown and look sharply across the street . 106 he Pov zoom into a extreme telephoto shot a 's burglar emerge from a window in a large apartment house and step out on a ledge . he drop a fistful of glitter jewel into a bag tie at he waist , then position suction cup already attach to he hand and knee . he begin slowly , laboriously , to ascend the side of the building , breathe hard and look up with concentration . closeup - burglar -- suddenly astound . he face register shock . burglar be Pov - superman strolling down toward he . defy logic and gravity , come from the top floor . he nod at the burglar like one stroller acknowledge another pleasantly . side view -- the burglar , greatly unnerve , begin to crawl faster , frantically try to get away . as a result , he suction cup do not stick firmly and he slip and fall from the building . wide shot -- as superman dive and catch he . in one orchestrate movement , he swoops down and deposit the burglar before patrolman mooney who have be quietly walk he beat . superman ( thrust the daze burglar toward the cop ) I think you two might have something to talk about . two shot -- the burglar and patrolman mooney look at each other in disbelief at what just happen . CUT to : 107 ext . sky above metropolis - night superman in mid-air again . suddenly , exhilated , literally high , he execute a complicated loop , feel a kind of release , a physical joy in fly . as he come out of he loop : SOUND : the crowd below be cheering . superman look down , surprised in this private moment . 108 on the ground the crowd that have form be look up at he , wave , point . 109 on superman see they . smile and thrilled for a moment . then suddenly he turn shy ( the Kent training ) and fly off abruptly . CUT to : 110 ext . alley - night he land in a alley . dolly in closer . he stand still a moment , lean against the wall , he face reflect all the emotion from exuberant joy to terrible embarrassment , be eye close for a moment as he try to master the change he be go through tonight , the trip he be so literally o. hold on he like this , when : SOUND : a clunking , as something be set down on a steel floor . his eye open . his head turn . he Pov - on the street off the alley , a gang of thug have pull a truck up to the load platform of a warehouse . its tailgate be down . they be carry television set and other purloin appliance , out of the place and into the back of they truck , all in silence . CUT to : 111 ext . warehouse loading platform -- night as they load up the stuff , one of the crook on the platform pick up a lightweight carton label " Hair dryer " and toss it to he accomplice inside the truck , but a hand catch it mid-way before it get there . pull back to reveal superman hold the box . superman do a little spring clean , boy ? first crook who the -- ? from behind he , another crook creep up , a crowbar raise . first crook what kinda outfit be that , ya fruit ? the guy behind bring the crowbar crash down on superman 's skull . a amazing result : as if he hit it against solid steel . it vibrate so terrifically in he hand that it nearly kill he . as he stand shaking from it : superman bad vibration , man . he turn , fist clench , and start toward the other , who cower against the wall . CUT to : 112 ext . alley - night superman reach the end of a alley . as he saunter by , three kid , who do not even notice he behind they , be busily engage in spray - painting graffiti on a blank wall . on the kide -- as one of they raise he spray can with a great flourish and point it , we see suddenly on the wall ( special effect , burned in with heat vision ) glow for a moment , this legend : do not write on wall . the kid look at each other with terrify consternation even as the legend cool and abruptly fade , leave a pristine wall . they drop they spray can and run . CUT to : 113 int . police station house - night wide shot -- patrolman mooney and the burglar stand before the desk sergeant . another cynical officer lean on the desk , amused . desk sergeant sure , Mooney . a big fella come fly down out of the sky . burglar ( still in shock ) he save my life .! he have a red cape . desk sergeant ( this get better and better ) Red cape . sure . the other cop dissolves in guffaw and start to leave . desk sergeant o' malley , how can ya leave now ? and miss all this ? o'malley oh , I get to go home . ( a mock nod to they ) raquel Welch be waintin , y'know . burglar ( consolingly , pat moony 's shoulder ) it 's okay , pal . we know , do not we ? CUT to : 114 ext . STREET in front of planet build - night the crowd have grow . they head be crane up . look right . n the edge of the crowd . a tv mobile unit be filming the action also wait . man in crowd there he be ! follow he point finger up and right as ooooohs and ahhhhs rise from the crowd . 115 angle up to see superman fly between building , soar above they head . 116 on the cameraman , filming frantically . cameraman ( yell ) hey ! down here ! 117 he Pov : superman suddenly swoops down , smile , and give a little salute to the tv camera , then fly up and away . there be a little bit of a ego trip go on here . drifting down , he suddenly cock he head . zoom onto he ear , to denote super-hear . SOUND : ( what he hear ) a faint , far- off but frantic " meow ! meow ! " CUT to : 118 ext . residential STREET - night aerial view : looking down , we see a cat in the top branch of a tree . at the base . a little girl look up , but not -- for once -- at superman . she be look at the cat . SOUND : another meow of distress . little girl ( in despair ) frisky , ! oh , frisky , please come down ! instantly , superman soar into frame , into the tree . he scoops up frisky , and gently hold he to he chest , glide down and lay he in the arm of the little girl . little girl ( hugging she cat ) oh , frisky , you naughty thing -- then , almost as a afterthought : little girl thanks , mister . superman ( smile ) anytime . she run up the step and inside superman shake he head and then fly off . CUT to : 119 ext . metropolis STREET - night in a affluent area ( perhaps around the Plaza Fountain ) another crowd , look mostly well - heele , many of they be people who have just leave the theater or a restaurant , congregate , gaze at the sky as eagerly as the other crowd . a very coif woman in a mink wrap , hold a large handbag rather loosely , give the signal . rich lady ( point a be-ring hand ) look ! look there ! head turn to look . but we hold tight on she from behind as a hand come into frame and unclasp she bag , reach in , pull out a fat money purse , close the bag again . pull back to see the pickpocket . it be otis , do he thing . follow he as he move happily through the crowd , all of whom be look up . great picking . he pick the pocket of a man , pull out a wallet . he move on to a nearby wealthy couple when the woman suddenly move away . woman ( disappointed ) well , there he go . show 's over . her escort lay a hand on she arm , stop she . escort oh , he will be back . let 's stick around . otis nod happily and move on to he next victim . CUT to : 120 ext . sky - night picking up superman as he fly on a bit further , do one little loop over the empty street just for the hell of it . as he right himself , he be very near the East River , which can be see . 121 he Pov , looking down and wide : the East River look like a postcard picture - - still , dark , vast . light glitter cross the water . peaceful . then , abruptly , a big customize cadillac , with phone antennas and other distinguished mark , come screeching at a great speed right out onto one of the pier . this be all at a great distance from superman . the caddy stop on a dime at the edge of the pier . CUT to : 122 ext . pier - east river - night on the cadillac - the front door fly open and out pop two mafioso type , big gorilla . they pull out a third hood . he be terrify , and he should be : he arm be tie and he foot be encase in a cement block . they drag he to the end of the pier . victim ( panic ) no ! no ! first mafioso ( disgust ) listen to he . all he can do be squeal . second mafioso tell it to the fish , squealer ! they push he off the dock . first mafioso so long , Chicken of the Sea ! on the victim in the water , struggle desperately to cling to one post of the dock . he lose he grip on it , flail around . victim helllllllp !!!!!! CUT to : 123 ext . sky above the river - night superman hear the cry for help . instantly he turn and fly toward it . follow he down . CUT to : 124 ext . pier area - night as he arrive , the cadillac be speed away . he regards it with a suspicious look ( and will remember it ) but he have no time to stop now . he land at the end of the dock and look down . he Pov : still water . closeup superman ( special effect ) . he activate the x- ray vision ; eye dilate . 125 Pov : a x-ray vision of the watery depth . except that this be the East River so what we see be a lot of garbage and the victim sink in it . 126 full shot -- superman dive into the river . hold a beat . nothing . then , in a mighty rush , up come superman , bear the soggy hood , not to mention a old boot , a blow out inner tube and other charming item . pan as he land on the dock and set the man down . the guy , with he cement base , bobble back and forth like one of that child 's toy that can be punch but never fall down . anyway , he 's alive , if in shock . SOUND : a loud exchange of gunfire , which , in the still night air , carry far down the river . superman look up sharply . he Pov : down river , something be happen . CUT to : 127 ext . 79 th ST . boat basin - night a police chase be come to a end on the wharf . two men , pursue by a handful of police , be run by a handful of police , be run down the wooden plank , firing as they go . they jump aboard a fuel and ready cabin cruiser . the police FIRE at the boat as it quickly pull away from the dock and cut out into the river . 128 ext . pier - night two shot : superman quickly abandon the save squealer and soar up over the river in the direction of the gunfire . hold on the victim . still bobbling back and forth . CUT to : 129 ext . cabin cruiser - night the cabin cruiser maintain a rapid speed as it head downstream . CUT to : 130 int . cabin cruiser - night the three gangster be shaking hand and laugh at they escape from the police . stare ahead , they jaw drop . there Pov : superman stand , arm cross , on the prow of the ship . CUT to : 131 ext . metropolis STREET - plaza fountain - night the well - heele crowd as before : some familiar face have leave and many new one have arrive . but the crowd be , if anything , larger than before . and , though they murmur to each other , they be all keep eye up , wait for superman to appear . all except otis . on otis : sneakily emerge from the rear of the crowd . his pocket be bulg with loot , he wrist incronguously sport a larger diamond bracelet , and he other hand be weight with a sak shopping bag . whistle innocently , he skitter ferret - like , away from the crowd . as he do , we hear the suddenly " oooooh " in delight . 132 on superman -- fly over the crowd . 133 on otis -- size the moment of distraction , he dart swiftly away from the area and down the nearest side street . follow . CUT to : 134 ext . a alley - night otis duck into a alley . suddenly he stop , drop the shopping bag . he Pov : the other end on the alley . superman stand there , leg plant firmly on the ground , one finger point in the " uncle Sam want you " pose , directly at otis . superman and now ... you . he begin to walk toward camera . ( otis ) CUT to : 135 ext . slum tenement - night full shot - on the step of a tenement stand about eight wary , very tough - look hood . four be white -- bent nose " godfather " type , with suspicious bulge in they pocket . four be black , mean dude with afros and comb stick in they hair . they be regard each other warily , but mainly keep a lookout on the street , protect what be go on inside the building . pan up the building to the top ( fourth ) floor , and zoom into window , which be half - open . CUT to : 136 int . tenement room - night full shot - this room have be convert into a narcotic " factory . " a large table in the center of the room be pile high with a great mountain of white powder . heroin , and worth million in street value . scale and plastic baggy be on a nearby table , as four crook , two black and two white , get ready to start bag the stuff . in b.g. through the half - open window the night sky can be see . one crook step to the table , touch he finger to the heroin , then lick it - the classic bit . crook ( approvingly ) pure . a hundred percent pure . by the time we cut this stuff , it oughta be worth 20 million easy . suddenly , like a pinpoint gale wind , a tremendous gust of wind blow through the window and hit the heroin . as the white powder fly all around the room , it begin to look like a blizzard , he four crook be yell and scream hysterically . CUT to : 137 ext . sky - night superman have stop in mid-air , eye narrow , and be blow super - breath , hard , through that tenement window . CUT to : 138 int . tenement room - night the dope fly like a white tornado ; the crook yell . 139 ext . slum tenement - night the bodyguard race up the stair , gun draw , shove to get past each other , pull knife , chain , you name it . CUT to : 140 int . tenement room - night as the guard burst through the door , they be confront with the sight of the four crook cover with heroin , look like they have be dip in flour . CUT to : 141 ext . sky over the skyscraper ad apartment building - night superman fly through the cement canyon of metropolis and look down . 142 Pov : the black customize cadillac he last see on the dock , instantly recognizable . it be head up to a street corner , then make a right turn . 143 wide shot - he begin to fly after it , then stop and turn ninety degree . 144 new angle - the caddy have make a leave now and be come down a parallel street . Rather than bother to chase it all the way around this " U , " he fly right between two closely set apartment building - zipping through the air shaft - so that he catch up with the car as it come down . CUT to : 145 ext . STREET - night drop just behind the car , which be travel at normal speed , he grab the back bumper and lift the back up about six inch off the ground . the rear tire spin ; the front tire dig in ; the cadillac go nowhere . CUT to : 146 int . cadillac - night the two mafioso who dumped the squealer off the dock be dumbfounded . first mafioso what be it ? whaddya doin ' ! second mafioso ( the driver ) I do not know ! it be not movin ' ! it be not movin ' ! first mafioso well step on it ! give 'er the gas ! insert : the driver put he foot full on the gas pedal . all the way down . CUT to : 147 ext . STREET - night superman now drop the back end back on the street . the car , with full throttle down , instantly charge ahead at 100 mph , completely out of control , and smashes into a lamppost . CUT to : 148 ext . police precinct stationhouse - night the desk sergeant we see earlier come out of the stationhouse with another cop ; they be look down , watch they step as they walk down the street . policeman two ( shaking he head ) what a night ! desk sergeant you can say that again . the nut be come out of the woodwork . if I get one more call about a unidentified Flying object - with red boot - well , I will be - look up now , he stop and stare at the street in amazement . so do policeman two . desk sergeant ( awed ) well , I will be - there Pov : the cabin cruiser in he street , balanced on its keel , with the three gangster wrap and tie with heavy anchor chain . CUT to : 149 ext . the top of the cabin chrysler build - night superman stand on the ledge , lean against the spire , surveying the light of the city below he . there be a smile of enormous satisfaction on he face . on the horizon , the sun begin to rise . fade to black fade in : 150 ext . arctic circle - day wide shot -- of the fortress of solitude . CUT to : 151 int . fortress of solitude - day wide ; superman and jor - EL , who have materialize . jor - EL look concerned , listen to superman , who look conflict . superman I do not know what to say . ( awkwardly ) look , I -- I just - jor -el ( quietly ) enjoy it ? superman ( nod , ashamed , not look at he ) I guess I get carry away jor -el ( gravely ) my son , I foresee this . I know - superman ( impassion ) no ! you could not imagine - jor -el how good it feel ! superman how good it feel - he fall silent again , ashamed . jor-el .... to feel yourself . very well . you be reveal to the world . but still you must keep you secret identity . first of all , you will need it as a escape valve . you can not be special twenty - eight hour a day - superman twenty -four . jor -el or twenty - four as it be in Earth time . furthermore , if you will reveal yourself , you enemy will have a way of get at you where you be vulnerable : by hurt the people you care for . ( sadly ) ah , this Earth ... this world you live in , kal - El ... ( suddenly impassion ) resist its temptation , its reward , especially its political system . superman there be none of they any good anyway . jor -el and it be forbidden for you to interfere with human history . all you can do , kal - El , even now that you have ... find yourself ... be help they to evolve . set a example . show they they must strive towards the light . and ... remember we ... fade to black . fade in : 152 int . clark apartment - metropolis - night OPEN tight on a tv screen ( tv effect ) . as the newscaster on the even news be talk . throughout the follow , the tv screen alternate shot of the newscaster with shot of superman in action : footage take by tv crew during superman 's recent day and night of crime - busting , beginning with the rescue of lois and so on . tv newscaster good evening . what kind of day be it ? a day that see what many believe to be the most extraordinary phenomenon of we time . we news film confirm eye-witness report of a cape figure , resembling a man , who appear fly in the sky over metropolis . yes , I say fly . I addition , source close to the Chief of Police report that this creature , or man , or whatever it be , be able to leap tall building in a single bound , to run faster than a speed bullet , be more powerful than a locomot ... well , its just incredible , that 's all . at this point , begin slow dolly back to reveal that we be in clark kent be modest apartment live room . the decor be bland and unmemorable : a few clown print or hunt scene on the wall , functional furniture and so on . seat in a lounge chair in front of the tv set , with he foot propped up on a vinyl hassock , be superman . as we first see he , he be grin at al the fuss - rather pleased with he new celebrity status . the effect of the ego trip we see earlier be still there . but as the news report continue , he become gradually more and more thoughtful and serious . tv newscaster White House comment be guard at present . the President be say to be study the matter , while source close to the Senate majority leader be say to be investigate possible CIA link . as further account of this incident have pour in , speculation have arisen in some quarter that the whole thing may be some sort of fantastic hoax . randolph goss of the Richardson Foundation say , ' we ought to remember what Orson Welles do to the country with he " Men form Mars " the thing before we go run around buy this one whole hog . ' by now superman look really distress . he get up -- camera following - and walk across the room to a mirror on the wall . he look hard at himself , expressionless , as the tv continue o.s. move in to a very tight closeup of superman in mirror . tv newsman the Mayor of Chicago comment that it all seem t be a publicity stunt design to draw attention to metropolis - a city that have be have its share of financial problem of late . photo expert be presently examine film you be now see . they question be everybody 's : true or false ? Miracle or fraud ? at which point , CUT from closeup of the brood superman . CUT to : 153 int . lex luthor' subterranean hideout - office - night on the tv screen as we see the end of the same newscast . tv newscaster man or myth ? he answer be up to you . reverse - on a batter otis , who sit glumly watch , eve be put he arm in a sling otis man . widen the shot to reveal lex luthor seat at be desk , watch the tv with a dark , worried , preoccupy expression . he be chew kleenex with great intensity . albert stand nearby . luthor I need this , y'know ? I really need this . just when I be near the fruition of my project , Big Bird fly into town . ( histrionics ) go ahead ! kill I by inch ! put I on the agony rack ! eve you think he 's for real ? luthor ( ominously ) he 's from another world . reaction : eve and albert , surprised . luthor be that real enough for you ? otis ( miserably ) it be for I . luthor y'know ? I be sure of it . y'know ? and there 's a strong streak of goody - goody in he that be go to blow this deal for I if I do not do something about it . ( work himself into a snit ) something ! closeup - luthor luthor ( furious , insulted ) why ?? if you be the strongest , most fantastic creature in the world , who would you pit yourself against ? me! y'know ? for the challenge of it ! CUT to : 154 int . lois lane's apartment - day closeup - clark kent clark it 's ridiculous ! pull back to reveal : a lovely apartment in a high -rise building with a balcony - terrace off the live room . lot of book , modern art poster on the wall , etc . a desk with a typewriter . clark be seat on the sofa , lois next to he , about two foot of space between they . lois I be tell you , I be there . clark you be probably so scared you do not look to see what the trick be . lois ( outrage ) it be not a trick ! clark oh sure . a man fly in the sky like a pigeon and it be not a trick . lois Clark Kent , if you have only see it the way I do , you - clark it be do with wire . they must have rig he like they do with Peter Pan . lois there be not any wire . I look . clark mirror , then . it 's do with mirror . lois he grab I ! he hold I ! he set I down gently ! how could that be do with mirror ? clark look , there be probably a trampoline on the roof somewhere and this joker just take a big bounce . lois why would he do that ? how would he know I be go to suddenly slip . clark ( fussily ) I do not know , lois , but I do know a fraud when I hear one . this thing go against all natural law . lois ( study he ) you be just jealous . clark jealous ? of what ? lois of this ... superman . closeup clark -- as he hear the name for the first time . clark what would you call he ? lois ( o.s. ) superman . ( pleased with it ) pretty good name for he , be not it ? back to two shot clark be that what they be call he ? lois they will once I hang it on he in tomorrow 's edition . clark ( mull it over ) Super ... man. hmmm ... lois ( she give he a arch look ) it be not that I still do not like you , Clark . it 's just that ... well , once you have have something like that happen to you , it kind of change a girl . ( she rise ) I be go to make some coffee . you want some ? clark ( dishearten ) no thanks . pan with lois as she walk across to the door that open to the kitchen . lois I know , I know , I sound like a starstruck kid and I have only say three word to the man . she enter the kitchen ; the door swing shut behind she . hold in live room , panning back to clark . lois ( o.s. ) ' help ' and ' thank you . ' that 's not much of a basis for a meaningful relationship , be it ? anyway , for all I know , he 's get a wife and kid on some other planet . the whole thing sound unrealistic , I know that . so I call this guy that 's marry to a girl I go to college with . he 's a shrink . I mean , I will try anything once . so I make as she be talk , clark walk out to the terrace . CUT to : 155 ext . terrace - day suddenly he cock he head sharply : he super-hear have pick up something . zoom to a rooftop across the street , which be cover with tv aerial . the super-hear pick the announcement come over the airwave . as this broadcast continue to be heard on SOUND track , intercut the following shot : 156 1 . clark listen , disturb . look down the block . 157 2 . zoom three block to window of a apartment building , a family group run from all part of the apartment to see this bulletin on they television set ( Mom in she apron run from the kitchen , Son in undershirt with shave cream on he face run in from the bathroom , etc. , etc . ) 158 3 . another zoom from Clark 's Pov : the street below , where a bunch of cab driver have abandon they cab and be cluster around one of they number who sit on he fender , hold a portable radio . 159 4 . another zoom luthor' voice ( from radio ) a challenge to this ... ( scornfully ) ... fly person . at twelfth and Main there be a furniture warehouse . somewhere inside be a pellet fill with a propane lithium compound . in exactly fifteen minute it will automatically drop into a beaker of acid . approximately twenty - two second later a poison gas will annihilate everyone within a forty block radius . I would remind Mr. do - gooder that within this area be one on the city 's large hospital ... we have fifteen minute to find out if you be what you claim to be or if we have be the victim of mass hysteria . 160 on clark - a look of determination on he face , he start to metamorphose into superman . lois ( o.s. ) ( still talk from the kitchen ) ... and then he say , ' maybe the man 's a father figure . ' so I say , 'look , my pop 's a swell guy , but he do not go fly around town in a red cape ... " Clark 's blue serge suit , tie and shirt disappear , leave he in he superman costume . the transformation be not quite complete however , because he still have on he glass , when : on the door to the kitchen -- as it swing open and lois come out . she spot superman , freeze . there be a beat of silence . on superman -- nervous . how to explain . close on lois lois oh , Clark . ( she suppress a giggle ) you dear , sweet man . that silly costume must have cost you a fortune . suddenly we realize that superman 's disguise be , in fact , perfect : that lois cannot believe Clark Kent and superman be one and the same . superman ( speechless ) I ...i ... wide shot -- as lois cross to he . lois I be sorry for laugh , Clark . I be very touch you go to all this trouble to impress I , but ... ( she start to laugh again ) I be sorry . it 's just that you look so ... lois turn away because she can not control she laughter . lois I be sorry , Clark . but I mean it 's just not you . I be very touch - she explode with laughter and dash into the kitchen in order to spare he . on superman -- he glance in a mirror , shrug . superman ( wryly ) maybe it need a tuck in the waist . he jump on the balcony railing and fly off . hold for a beat , then lois , have regain she composure , come back out of the kitchen . she look around , but Clark be nowhere be sight . lois ( call out ) Clark , I ... Clark ? ( to herself ) oh , now I have go and hurt he feeling . CUT to : 161 ext . , warehouse - night wide shot -- the entire area have be cordon off , dozen of fire truck and police car be draw up . the warehouse itself be floodlit . the camera dolly in to the main entrance where a number of men from the bomb squad stand , strapping on they protective gear , we hear : o.s. SOUND : a whooshing noise . a moment later superman land directly in front of the warehouse and wave the police back . he turn to the door . look at it a moment . CUT to : 162 int . lex luthor' subterranean monitor board otis , albert and eve stand by a bank of tv monitor set up on a walkway in the bowel of the metropolis sewer . below they , the brackish canal . luthor be come down the walkway toward they , when otis see superman on one of the monitor , stand by the warehouse door . otis he 's there . luthor scurries over to look . CUT to : 163 ext . warehouse - night superman open the door -- a heavy metal one . suddenly there be a tremendous explosion ( a lot of flame and smoke ) directly in front of superman be chest . hold for a beat as the screen be filled with smoke . on the bomb squad - behind superman , the blast have knock they on they ass . they run for cover behind police car . on the door - as the smoke clear , we see that the explosion do not even slow superman down . he tear apart what 's leave of the massive door as though it be tinfoil and step inside . CUT to : 164 int . lex luthor' subterranean monitor board - night luthor be now seat at a console of button in front of the monitor , scowling . two of the monitor show the explode door simultaneously from both side of the warehouse doorway . luthor nut . he make it . eve ( impressed ) tough guy , huh ? as luthor snarl , eve check one item off she clipboard . CUT to : 165 int . warehouse - night on superman -- as he fling the door aside , step into the first chamber and look around . he Pov : a room decorate to look exactly like a tacky live room : a sofa with gold thread in the fabric , a free form coffee table , reproduction of woodland scene on the wall . CUT to : 166 int . lex luthor' subterranean monitor board on luthor , eve , and albert watch the monitor intently . eve Bet he make it . luthor you be on . and with that he press a small red button on the control board . 167 int . warehouse - night wide shot -- as a door slam shut behind superman , block off he exit . closer in -- as a panel in the wall slide open and a machine gun barrel protrude . the camera whip pan around the room as a number of other panel slide open and the same thing happen . all of they begin firing at once -- a deafening barrage of bullet . on superman -- as the bullet strike he and bounce off . he stride through the hail of flying metal to the door at the other end of the room . CUT to : 168 int . lex luthor' monitor board - night luthor ( very annoyed ) shut up . eve I do not say a word . luthor press another button . CUT to : 169 int . warehouse - night superman enter a second room , decorate in rattan lawn and patio furniture . suddenly thousand of gas jet be turn on . flame come shoot out of each of they . in a instant , the room become a furnace : the furniture ignites instantly and there be flame everywhere . superman simply walk right through the wall of fire , unscathed , and start toward the door of the third room . 170 int . lex luthor be tv monitor board - night luthor sit with he head in he hand . the other watch the monitor , astonished . luthor damn ! ( raise eye , put a finger on a button ) this will get he . eve place you bet , lady and gentleman . , CUT to : 171 int . warehouse - night wide shot -- superman enter the third room . after about three step he disappear from view , in the middle of a incredible blizzard . CUT to : 172 int . lex luthor' monitor board - night on lex -- watch the television monitor , which be nothing but snow . luthor ( to eve ) what 's the temperature now ? eve ( check a gauge ) fifty degree below and still fall . luthor when it get to seventy - five below , stabilize it . 173 int . warehouse - night wide shot -- as the blizzard stop and the air slowly clear . stand in the middle of the room be a large amorphous mound of ice and snow . the camera dolly in to a closeup and a thin crack appear run down the center of the shape . a moment later , it break open to reveal superman , unharme , as he step out of the shell of ice . CUT to : 174 int . lex luthor' monitor board - night luthor pop a kleenex in he mouth -- maybe two -- and chew in rage . CUT to : 175 int . warehouse - night wide shot as superman come through the door into a fourth room . he Pov : across a large , open area be a metal vial , hang over it , suspend by a thin cord be the capsule fill with the poison gas and , surround the whole affair be a wire mesh fence . a clock on the wall indicate that there be less then eight second leave . CUT to : 176 int . lex luthor' monitor board - night on luthor -- he lean forward , eagerly watch the monitor screen . his hand be on one of the dial . he twist it slowly toward the danger level . CUT to : 177 int . warehouse - night on superman -- he cross to the fence , study it for a moment . SOUND effect : a faint humming . closer on superman' hand -- as he reach toward the wire fence , grip it . special effect : spark , bolt of lighten come shoot out of the fence which be charge with electricity . nevertheless , he rip the fence apart . on the cord holding the capsule -- suddenly it give way . on superman -- with super - speed he reach out , grab the capsule just before it drop into the vial of acid . superman pop it into he mouth and swallow it . he look around , a worried expression on he face ; then spot the vial of acid and drink it down as a chaser . he look around and burp discreetly . CUT to : 178 int . perry white's office - day full shot : perry be at he desk , the front of lois ' coverage of superman 's big poison gas warehouse adventure out in front of he . ranged around the other end of the desk be about nine reporter , among they lois and clark . perry now look . we be sit on top of the story of the century . so we get lucky . but in the newspaper business . luck be a one -shot . we be on top today , but we have get to work to stay there . I want the name superman and the Daily Planet to go together like bacon and egg . clark I do not think he will lend himself to any cheap promotion . perry who 's talk about cheap ? I be talk about a exclusive interview . closeup lois -- very interested . pan to other reporter , listen . perry if one of you can get that -- I mean , I want the real superman . who be he ? where 's he from ? what 's he favorite ball team ? what 's up ? lois he be . usually . perry ( he parting shot ) whoever come up with that will make woodward and bernstein look like abbot and costello . the reporter file out , and we follow , staying tight on clark and lois . lois ( intensely ) oh , what a chance ! if I could just -- get to he . clark ( a smile as he gesture to other reporter ) you be not the only one . lois ( serious ) yes , but I be the only one who know he . I -- I really like the guy . and he like I . ( a bit unsure ) I think . I mean , I could talk to he , you know ? and he could talk to I . ( wistfully ) anytime ... closeup clark kent 179 ext . metropolis sky - night we be on the sky , a full bright moon , a few cloud drift slowly towards it , but still some distance away . suddenly , amazingly , the cloud speed up , zipping towards the moon . pull back a bit to see superman in the sky blow the cloud . he stop ( and he cloud stop ) when they be cover the moon . CUT to : 180 ext . lois lane's terrace - night as lois step from she live room onto the dark terrace , water can in hand . wide shot of the terrace as she begin to water a flower box . lois ( to herself as she sprinkle the flower ) with my luck , now it will rain . superman ( o.s. ) not a chance . it 's too nice a night . startle , she spin around . there , hide in the shadow , he feature almost obscure by the darkness , but he form illuminate enough to present itself , be superman . lois ( incredulously ) superman ??? superman right on the first guess . lois wha ' ... what be you do here ? superman I come to talk to you . lois the answer be yes . now what 's the question ? superman there 's be a lot of confusion in the media about who I be and what I be up to and all that . I would like to set the record straight . with you help . lois ( thrilled , but try to be cool ) this be incredible . I be just sit here try to figure out how to contact you . I mean , you do not have a answer service , right ? superman ( with a grin ) unlist number , shall we proceed ? lois I will just need my notebook . and some light . track with lois as she go to a hang terrace lamp with a dangle cord . she pull the cord and the light begin to come on -- a weak flicker -- and instantly go out . new angle - favoring superman who be do what child should never do : he finger be in the outside electric socket , a few spark fly out . lois , look at the lamp in dismay , do not notice . lois well ... flashlight ? superman I think you will be able to remember it . I doubt you will misquote I . lois if I do , you can punish I . fly I to bermuda and just lave I there for two week . ( she sit down on a lounger ) this be fantastic ! I wish Clark be here . superman who 's Clark ? one of you colleague ? lois ( off-handedly ) not exactly . he 's kind of a rewrite man . actually , he 's a bit dull , if you know what I mean . closeup superman -- a bit offended . superman I be sure he 's nice , though . on lois -- craning to see he . she take a cigarette from she pocket . lois ( sly ) oh , I have get to get some match . ( explain ) my cigarette . superman I would appreciate it if you do not smoke . lois oh. ( pause ) well , where do we start ? superman ask , you be the girl reporter . lois ( a quick grin ) okay . let 's start with this strange power of yours . superman you think they be strange ? lois I do not mean that in any pejorative way . superman ( granting the point ) I guess they be a little odd . lois well , I mean it 's not everybody that can deliver a air mail letter without put a stamp on it . superman ( straight ) I would not do that . it 's against the law . lois oh. superman the reason I can fly be because my molecular structure be so constitute that I have a lighter density under Earth 's gravitational force . lois it must feel great . superman it 's not bad . lois how old be you ? superman thirty -five . lois how much do you weigh ? superman 195 pound . lois what about this X - Ray vision of yours ? superman what about it ? lois can you really see through anything ? superman uh-huh . lois be it true you be impervious to pain ? superman yes . although I can get a headache just like anyone . lois do bullet really bounce off you ? superman only when somebody shoot they at I . with absolutely no change in tone , look down and ask this as if it be just another one of the question : lois what color underwear be I wear ? superman pink . if that flustered she , she do not let on except for perhaps a quick , wild flutter of the eye . lois can you actually fly faster than the speed of sound ? superman sure . lois do you like pink ? superman very much . lois ( deep breath ; still do not look up ) where do you hail from ? superman well , I be bear on a planet you scientist do not know too much about . it 's in the xeno galaxy . or it be . it be call krypton . that 's k-r-y-p ... CUT to : 181 int . lex luthor' subterranean office - day OPEN on insert of front page of the " Daily Planet " banner : " the real superman : a exclusive interview by lois lane . " pull back to a wildly excited lex luthor , at he desk , read the interview . luthor krypton ! eve krypton ? the place where superman come from ? favoring luthor : he get up from he desk and begin walk out of the room . his very manner , not to mention he beckone gesture , cause he three croney to follow he . luthor ( quietly , in a patronize tone ) some people can read ' War and peace ' and come away think it be a simple adventure story . other people can read the ingredient on a chew gum wrapper and come away with the secret of the universe . ( pop a kleenex in he mouth ; chew ) y'know . eve ( insulted ) I read the article . luthor ( smarmy ) exactly , miss teschmacher . by now they be out of the room and onto : 182 ext . luthor' library wide shot : a massive set of iron staircase and platform lead into further depth . all around , cramme into every nook and cranny , be book and publication , many dusty with age , all categorize by subject matter , alphabetical order and dewey decimal system , many of they purloin from the metropolis Public Library . lex start down the clanging iron stair , talk as he go . the other straggle behind on vary level , less anxious to follow he down because sooner or later they will then have to make the long climb back up . eve he leave krypton when he be a baby just before the planet explode . she smile triumphantly as if to say " so there ! " eve see ? luthor see ? I see . it 's you who do not see . do not see . I can not believe it ! how you people fail to grasp the long - range significance of this ! y'know ? eve ( miff ) I be go to bed . luthor ( scream ) stay and listen ! ( calmer ) besides , it 's twelve in the afternoon . this be no time to go to bed . closeup - eve eve ( mutter ) Mr. romance ... luthor ( very " up " about something ) deductive reason , my friend ! that 's the name of the game . what do it say here ? he brandish the newspaper interview . luthor that the planet blow up on May 23 , 1937 . that the rocket ship with the revolting little freak in it take three year to reach Earth . ergo ? albert he 's thirty - five year old . luthor you be a great architect , Albert . albert thank you . luthor otherwise , you be a mongoloid idiot . ( to all ) it 's reasonable to assume that fragment of the planet be shot out into space by the force of the explosion , and -- he pull a slide-rule from he pocket and do some quick calculation . luthor -- give the location of the galaxy he mention , and -- ( more slide - rule business ) -- the proximity to we solar system -- ( more slide - rule ) -- some of that debris must have land on Earth . by now luthor have reach one of the bottom level ; the other catch up somewhat . track as he head for the book shelf label " periodicals a-n . " eve meteorite ! luthor bingo ! he walk to a particularly dusty shelf stack high with old copy on " National geographic Magazine , " dart he hand out suddenly and yank one particular copy out , quickly flip it open to a certain page . a wide grin on he face . luthor et voila ! he flip it around to show they . tight insert on the page : it show a ethiopian farmer hold a wedge - shape green rock , about a foot long and five inch high . the farmer grin at the camera . the caption beneath read : " meteorite which land near addis ababa since 1940 . " reverse on the group as luthor put the magazine back on the shelf and stroke the spine of magazine nostalgically . luthor ahh. ' National geographic . " in my day , this make ' playboy " look like mother Goose . eve I do not mean to denigrate you misspent youth , lex , but what do that rock have to do with -- luthor tune I in , lady . a explosion such as the one superman describe would have alter the molecular structure of the krypton rock . eve I know I be go to get rapped in the mouth for say this , but so what ? luthor no , you be go to get kiss , he give she a quick peck on the cheek . luthor to we it 's just a meteorite . he begin the long trek up the staircase . the other follow at interval and with considerably less energy , so that the follow be play with luthor talk back over he shoulder or call down to they as he climb : luthor ( go on ) but , to someone from the planet krypton , this substance would be lethal because of its high level of radioactivity . kryptonite ! ah , kryptonite ! that 's the stuff ! otis ( below there somewhere ) you mean bullet and fire and all that can not hurt he , but this kind of rock -- luthor ( gleeful ) will kill he ! and I be go to have a piece of the rock ! miss teschmacher , pack you -- eve ( resign ) yes , I know / ( to herself ; a woman 's dilemma ) I wonder what they be wear in addis ababa . CUT to : 183 ext . STREET in addis ababa - morning wide shot -- a dusty , nearly desert street in a small town in East Africa . three gardener - servant be slowly sweeping around the front of a miserable - look one - story building . a sign over the entrance read " addis ababa museum of science and industry . " Riding into frame on a bicycle be a man in a cheaply - cut conservative western - style suit - the perfect petty bureaucrat . a ratty look briefcase and a transistor radio playing weird african music be in the basket of he bike ; all this with great ceremony , as if the king have just come back from the hunt . the man extract a big ring of key from he pocket and unlock the Museum door , step inside . 184 int . build - day on the attendant -- as he kick a rock against the door to hold it open . that do , the camera pan with he as he cross the Museum ; which consist of one room with four or five glass case fill with rock , a stuff alligator and a few sword and spear mount on the wall . he sit down at a desk , prop he foot on the top and promptly fall sound asleep . hold for a beat as we hear : o.s. SOUND : a car approaching . the camera pan across to a window -- and we see a land Rover pull to a stop in front of the Museum . the door open and lex luthor , follow by eve , albert , and otis , get out . luthor wear a pith helmet . CUT to : 185 ext . STREET - day on luthor -- look around , fill with enthusiasm . luthor ah ! the wonder of travel ! the glorey of past civilization ! on eve -- not thrilled to be here at all . eve there speak a man who life in a sewer . cross-cutting between they . luthor breathe that air , miss teschmacher . eve ( with a look ) I will as soon as I get the sand out of my nose . track with they as they start toward the Museum . luthor well , gent ? what do I tell you ? it 's a piece of cake . otis it 's a twinkie , boss . CUT to : 186 int . museum - day on the door -- as they enter , look around . lex luthor spot the glass case and cross to they quickly , quietly . he Pov : tracking down the row of case fill with various rock and mineral from the area . suddenly the camera come to a abrupt halt on one of the case . one of the rock inside be miss . zoom in to a closeup on the space where the miss rock have be . we can read the small card below the empty space : " meteorite that land in addis ababa in June 1940 . " close on luthor -- glower . luthor they be kill I by inch ! ( to the sky ) go ahead ! make I suffer ! milk I dry . otis ( try to be helpful ) maybe it 's be polished or something . maybe they be clean it . luthor ( in disbelief ) Cleaning a rock , otis ? ( to eve ) jot it down . as soon as we be back , he feed the pet . otis ( aghast ) oh , Mr. luthor ... on luthor -- he nod toward the sleep attendant . luthor all right , we will ask he . pan with he as he approach the guard , tap he on the shoulder . luthor uh... excuse I ... the man continue snore . luthor ( to the other ) obviously a drunk . why be I surround by the dregs of human -- suddenly he catch sight of something o.s. and he attitude change abruptly . the camera track with they as he cross back toward the entrance to the Museum . luthor ( sing softly to himself ) it 's a most unusual day ! I can throw all my trouble away ! La de da da ... continue tracking with he as the rest of the group catch up . it be clear from they attitude that they find luthor be euphoria even more unsettle than he anger . eve you be happy , be not you ? luthor ( he ignore she , continue sing ) La de da da ... eve you be not go to tell we why you be happy , be you ? by now luthor have reach the entrance . he bend down , pick up the rock that the guard have use to hold the door open . now that we see it more closely , we note that it have the same odd wedge shape and green color as the rock in the photograph in National geographic . closer on luthor -- as he hold the rock out for all of they to see . luthor the door jam , miss teschmacher . this ethiopian shmendrick here , in he simple , unconscious way , need something to wedge the door open , the better to inhale the fly that form such a important part of he diet . so he grab something from the table ... eve ( o.s. ) we just take it ? luthor ( archly ) what do you suggest , my dear ? on eve . eve ( reasonable ) the least we can do be leave he another door jam . on luthor -- give she a filthy look . luthor how about you nose , miss teschmacher ? and he turn and stalk out the door . CUT to : 187 ext . vesuvius - night long shot -- a volcano in the first stage of eruption , and very spectacular it be . flame shoot up against the night sky , illuminate the landscape . spark rise like firework , and in the flicker light , we see shepherd and peasant still flee down the adjoin hill . a rumbling SOUND emanate from the volcano and suddenly what appear to be black , bubbling lava start to flow down the south side of the volcano . 188 superman fly into frame , soar down from the sky , circle the mighty volcano , look for anyone who need rescue . his circle bring he closer and closer to the rim . as he approach , there be a sudden burst of incredible effect : higher flame , rock shoot out , billow smoke , a mighty roar from the depth , as if the volcano be give its all . close in as superman zoom straight down and land on the rim of the crater . poise on the precipice , he draw a deep breath and lean forward and down as if to blow out the volcano like a birthday candle . zoom in to closeup of superman : suddenly he stop , stare down , transfix by what he see : 189 he Pov : Way down in the bottom of the crater four human figure can be see scurrying around a bunch of machine ; the volcano be not in eruption at all . 190 on superman - he take off in a beautiful dive and zoom down into the crater . CUT to : 191 int . volcano - night full shot -- in the base of the crater a number of strange activity be be orchestrate from a control panel . eve , otis , and albert be do the work ; luthor be conduct , dress in riding pants and beret , like a old - style Hollywood director . a steel scaffold support smoke pot , fire machine , firework , and launch . pump drive simulate lava up hosepipe . catapult hurl rock and debris in the conflagration above . oscillator and loudspeaker put the finish touch to the effect that vesuvius be actually erupting . luthor ah ! the guest of honor at last ! and about time , too ! albert ( turn , explain ) we be run out of smoke . superman ( outrage as he look around ) what be this ??! luthor ( proudly ) make cecil B. demille look like the senior class play , right ? alternate mo . closeup superman but ... why ? note ; 2 page be miss from this script - skip to later in scene after luthor deliver the kryptonite . 191 continued : luthor I can not hear myself think ! ( to superman ) superman , what can I tell ya ? you meet you match you match , y'know it 's only fitting that when the time come to cash in you chip , lex luthor be the banker . ( cough from the still rise smoke , to himself , amaze ) tear ! there be tear in my eye ! ( to albert ) cut that smoke or there will be tear in yours ! on albert -- very troubled . albert but Mr. luthor , sir , I already -- on luthor luthor and stop interrupt . he be the big scene . ( to superman ) you finest hour ! you rise to the challenge , baby ! and you lose . that 's the best part ! suddenly , a violent trembling in the volcano . rock start to bounce around . luthor hey ! I say enough with the sound effect , otis ! on otis : confuse . he be not do anything . on luthor luthor ( confidentially , to superman ) he 's new to the technical department . all this , y'know , be just a preview of come attraction . in a way it 's a pity you will not be around to see my next production -- ( he hand trace it like a giant movie title ) -- ' the crime of the century ! ' well , it would be above you head anyway . so y'see , superman , there 's nothing shameful about lose to I . it be a battle of titan . the best against I -- a fit of cough seize as a cloud of smoke drift across he face -- through it , in a rage : luthor smoke ?? again with the -- as a cloud pass , a strange , suspicious look come into he eye . luthor -- smoke ...rumbling ... effect : the rumbling be indeed increasing , and now lava slowly begin to bubble up in the pit . luthor look at it and nod , he suspicion confirm . luthor ... lava ... good - bye !! and lex luthor turn and run like a comet ( pan over ) out of the crater to a tunnel entrance in the side of the volcano ( the way he get in ) . the tunnel be cut through the rock and lead to the outside . as fast as he split , so do albert and otis , both gibber in panic , both right behind they boss . wide shot -- superman lie there , barely move . eve , grab she purse , leap up from the console as she see the rat desert the sink ship . the lava bubbles higher ; the flame rise up . but run over rock in high heel be not easy . eve trip and go sprawling . on eve -- scrambling to she foot , rub a bruise knee under a tear stock . eve hey , wait for I ! suddenly -- SOUND : a incredible roar from the bowel of the volcano . rock -- big shoulder -- begin tumble everywhere and a great cloud of dust rise out of the tunnel she be head for . she stop . new angle -- the dust settles . the tunnel have be totally block by a landslide . on eve -- she stand immobilize , stare at she no -exit in despair . it be the last straw , the end of a lifetime of disaster . eve ( stare down tunnel ) okay . I be go to die . ( a long , sad sigh ) this be the way Eve teschmacher end . with a bang. okay . as long as my life do not pass before my eye . I do not think I could take that . track with she as , totally bleak , resign . she turn and come back into the crater , plop down moodily on a rock . before she be the bubbling pit , which she contemplate dully , and just beyond that , the recumbent form of superman , the kryptonite still on he chest . on her -- she stare at he . on superman -- prone . on her , tighter -- look at he . on superman -- near death . closeup eve -- suddenly she eye open wide and she leap to she foot . eve ( wild ) what be I crazy ??? I do not wanna die !!! widen shot as she make she way around the rim of the bubbling pit and stand over superman . now she be tooth - chatteringly scared , desperate to make contact with he . on they eve I do not want to die . I know , he leave you here . he leave I here too . but he do not need you . he get along without you very well . I he need . he do not know it , but he would not last a day without I . look -- nod two if no , one if yes . let 's make a deal . I will get you out of here if you get I out of here . what do you say ? she lean down , she hand on the kryptonite . Eve ( whisper ) we secret ? on superman' face : a hesitation , he eye close . we think , maybe he be dead . then , feebly , he nod ... once . two shot - eve lift up the kryptonite and toss it into the pit of lava . insert : the rock sink into the depth of the bubbling , gurgle pit of lava . on they -- superman moan . he stir , more strongly than before . he 's still in fairly lousy shape . he try to rise . eve gently push he down again . eve hold it . trust I . I mean do you have a choice ? she begin to massage he shoulder strongly - a skill she have obviously learn for lex ( or in a massage parlor ) . superman react accordingly , flex he muscle , make tentative fist , etc . this be not a " thing " between they at all - none of that overtone - but something they each be do , parallel , for they own purpose . rock begin to spit out of the pit ; not the kryptonite , though . eve okay , now ? he nod again , once , and then ... superman sit , then spring to he foot in a sudden burst of energy , leave she still kneel . on he - full shot : superman be himself again . on eve - kneel beside he . watch . track with he to the block tunnel , as eve follow . effect - to eve' surprise , superman spring into a leaping dive , headfirst into the rubble . for a moment , she think he , too , abandon she . eve hey - 192 follow superman as he corkscrews a passage through like a rot-rooter , all this in a matter of second . 193 CUT to he emerge back inside the volcano again ; behind he we now see light at the end of the tunnel . he push a few more rock aside from the open . then , have gallantly " open the door " for eve , he wait for she to pass through it . on the passage -- as he rush by he , say : superman ( meaning it ) listen ... thank you . eve ( turn back a moment in she headlong flight ) you too. ( try to explain quickly ) I just ... I can not get it on for good guy . y'know ? smiling , radiant , think of lex luthor . hold on superman -- he let out a " phew . " it 's be a hard day . Pan as he stride toward the crater again , about to begin work of " put out " the volcano . CUT to : 194 ext . DAILY planet CITY room - day wide : lunch hour and thing be slow in the city room ... some activity , but many empty desk , include that of clark and lois in f.g. pan right to jimmy , who put down he sandwich , walk over to the dart board , and lazily but accurately aim a couple of dart at the target . as he do so , clark enter in f.g. pan left with he as , preoccupy , he stride straight to he desk , pick up the thick metropolis telephone book that always sit in he top drawer , and rifle through it quickly . dolly in to medium closeup . clark ( absorb , mutter ) luthor ... luthor ... ( finger the column ) G. luthor ... J. luthor ... ( he 's get it ) ... L. luthor ! ( deflate ) ... lingerie . ( slam the book shut ) nut ! frustrate , he unconsciously begin to tear the book n half . jimmy ( o.s. ) hey , Clark ! widen as a startle clark see jimmy come over ; quickly and almost guiltily he put down the phone book . to avoid jimmy see it , clark go to meet he . they stand by the dart board , chat . jimmy you would better get a new alarm clock . the chief have be holler for you . clark ( a bit testy ; still frustrated ) I have be on the job . jimmy ( try to be in the know ) a hot story , huh ? clark it be hot , yes . jimmy ( wistfully ) you and lois , you get all the action . ( he toss a near bullseye ) there she be , out in the wild West and everything . clark ( pay attention now ) lois be not here ? jimmy she 's in California . that 's wild enough , I guess . clark what 's she do in California ? jimmy it 's for that piece she 's do on woman and competition . she 's off to the woman 's western golf classic . he pass clark the dart . new angle -- clark take careful aim , sighting , and completely miss the board . stay with he as he stroll away , he mind again on the luthor problem , preoccupy , worried , and then , have get about ten foot , he suddenly remember the quarter for the dart kitty . almost without think , he pull the coin from he pocket , flip it into the pot . ten foot and a perfect shot , even as he stroll on . on jimmy -- stare at the pot , at the board , then back at the pot . he shake he head ; he can not figure it out at all . CUT to : 195 ext . sky over metropolis - day on superman -- on a reconnaissance flight over metropolis . but what be he look for , study the anonymous pedestrian of the city down there . suddenly he attention be arrest ' he eye narrow . 196 he Pov down : down there , from the back , a shine bald head , a dark suit , a bit of swagger . can it be ? 197 moving shot , wide : superman swoops down on he prey , seize he shoulder . superman ( gotcha ) hey ! 198 the man whirl around and it be ... telly savalas . with lollipop and big grin : telly hey ! superman ! who love ya , baby ? superman smile , try to pretend he drop down to say hi , and then fly up . as he angle toward camera we see the disappointed expression on he face . CUT to : 199 ext . SMALL town back road - day wide shot -- a peaceful dusty road , a few farm and house dotting the landscape . the corn be as high as a elephant 's eye and the only SOUND be the chirp of cricket . this bucolic set , complete with a farm couple lean on a fence , be marre only by the presence of four military policemen , fully armed and stand at attention on the side of the road . suddenly , from over the horizon like the motorcycle gang in " the Wild one . " come a military convoy bear the xk101 rocket . a bulldozer - truck be at the head , the tarpaulin-covered rocket on the huge flatbead truck be behind , and two other truck behind that . a jeep with a general ride just behind the bulldozer . as the convoy roll on -- CUT to : 200 ext . freeway - day a big car be drive fast . it be luthor 's . CUT to : 201 int . luthor be car - day otis be drive . albert beside he . luthor and eve be in the back seat , she oddly dress : in black pullover and black pants , she look rather like a cat burglar . otis ( puzzle ) I still do not get it . luthor ( expansively and a bit patronizingly ) ah , dear simple otis . Albert explain it to he . albert ( welcoming this rare opportunity to hold forth ) it 's very simple , otis. ( disparagingly ) very simple , the xk101 rocket . it 's nothing , forty year ago we in the fatherland be work on this . five more year , we would have have it . but then -- ( a sigh of regret ) -- that silly war ... why , my cousin Werner have already -- luthor ( dangerously impatient ) Albert ! albert ( seguee smoothly ) -- think about a rocket that carry a nuclear warhead in its nosecone and can strike with a impact of -- otis Three hydrogen bomb , that 's what I have hear . albert yes , so , well , Werner would have get to that too but -- ( as lex lean forward and give he a paralyze poke ) -- but the xk101 fly only eight foot above the ground ... well below the radar limit ! so what ? we could have do that soon . we have way to make people to -- way to avoid the radar . and this xk101 -- they think it 's so smart that they keep it in ' missile silo ' underground . hah ! ( darkly ) we keep many thing underground . luthor ( just as darkly ) one of they should have be you . albert ( hurriedly , as if recite ) yes , Mr. luthor . the xk101 can travel anywhere in the world undetected . it also have a sensory device build into it so that it can detect any obstacle in its path and avoid it . it just go around it or over it . ( the big finish ) the xk101 never quit ! it will not stop until it reach its pre-targeted target ! luthor get it ? otis ? otis ( unsure ) sort of . closeup luthor luthor good enough for you . now then -- ( he smile expansively ) -- tell I something I like to hear . as many time as I hear it ... albert I ? luthor not you . ( to eve ) you. ( pause ) tell I again . pan left to closeup of eve look very nervous and edgy . eve ... again ?... widen : two shot -- luthor and eve seat in the back seat of the move car . a country road . luthor ( a big smile ) about vesuvius . about superman writhe in the bowel of the volcano . ( loving the memory ) ahh , the look on he face when he see that kryptonite . when will I see another , y'know ? y'know ? eve ( awkwardly ) I do not like to talk about it , lex . luthor weak sister . ( muse ) I still can not figure out why it take so long for you to catch up with we after we all run out . y'know ? eve you ever try to run in high heel ? ( she look at he ) you probably do . luthor be that a innuendo , miss teschmacher ? because if it be , you be about to experience the heady thrill of be hurl from a move vehicle . fuller shot : which reveal that luthor and eve have be in the back seat , and otis ( drive ) and albert be in the front , CUT to : 202 ext . country road - day the car drive on . CUT to : 203 ext . another country road - day long shot : the full military convoy bear the xk101 roll inexorably down the road . CUT to : 204 ext . top level , cloverleaf highway - day shot do not reveal location at first . only that we be somewhere in the great outdoors . tight on luthor and eve , albert behind they . medium angle with a lot of open sky above they . albert be raise , ready to come down and give the signal . eve be in a state of gibber terror . luthor ( to eve , sternly ) ready ? eve ( gulp ) ready . CUT to : 205 ext . a one - lane country road - day full shot : block the road be a old pickup truck full of chicken in crate . the cab of the truck , however , be suspiciously unoccupy . pan to some bush at roadside . suddenly the bush rustle -- also suspiciously . 206 new angle -- wide . all be silence . suddenly , from over the hill come the military convoy bear the xk 101 . as the convoy approach the chicken pickup truck , it honk its horn insistently but never stop roll . it ram right into the pickup truck , crunching it , shove it off the road and into a ditch . the obstacle clear , the convoy just keep roll along . as this happen , a farmer run out of the bush , hurriedly zipping up he jeans . he take one outrage look at he truck , half in a ditch , and he chicken , squawk all over the road . farmer ( shaking he fist at vanish convoy ) hey ! hey ! ( furious ) last time I vote Republican ! CUT to : 207 ext . top level cloverleaf highway - day wide shot - now we see that lex , eve , and albert be on the top level of a big cloverleaf highway . luthor be obviously -- and inflexibly -- answer something eve have just ask . luthor they stop for nothing . eve ( desperately ) but if I put my leg out like claudette clobert in -- luthor ( adamantly ) nothing . SOUND : in distance , we hear the convoy approaching luthor here they come ( check he watch ) right on time . move in tighter -- automatically eve check she watch , hold up she wrist . we see that be a elaborate luminous watch . luthor voila ! 208 new angle -- to we surprise , instead of the convoy come down the highway where luthor and eve await , we swoop pan down . as luthor swing around , go to the next lower level of the cloverleaf highway . here come the convoy . angle up to luthor , eve , and albert . luthor ( to eve threateningly ) do not let I down . eve ( look down . poise to jump , terrify ) you ?! how about I ? luthor you have two minute and thirty - two second . wide shot -- the convoy begin to pass under now . eve waver on the edge . albert be arm come down , give the signal . luthor give eve a shove . on eve - fall . luthor ( o.s. ) bon voyage ! she land on top of the tarpaulin-covered missile , perfectly position and lie low . closer : she wiggle over to a narrow slit in the middle of the tarpaulin and slip inside . CUT to : 209 int . tarpaulin cover missile darkness , all we see be she luminous watch glow , second hand move . then a pocket flashlight be switch on . move with eve who hold the light as she wiggle up towards the nose of the rocket . she collapse there for a moment , breathe hard , catch she breath , arm cut hold the flashlight . insert : the second hand move on she watch . pan down to flashlight , now shine on the compass - like dial on the nose of the rocket , surround by screw . eve remove a pocket wrench from she back pocket , loosen the screw , then turn the main screw , which move the needle of the compass dial from one set position to another . insert : as the needle move to its new position . then stop . on eve' watch : the time tick away . pull back : she tighten the screw quickly , once drop the screwdriver and have to find it fast as the ticking of time seem to grow more and more insistent . at last she be finish . she look at the watch . on it : exactly two minute ant thirty - two second have pass . on eve : -- she wriggle frantically over to where she get in , pull up the bottom edge of the tarpaulin . we see nothing but clear space and blue sky . she be hang out in space , so to speak . she moan with fear . CUT to : 210 ext . bridge - convoy - day wide shot -- the flatbead truck with the missile be on high bridge over a river . the other vehicle in the convoy behind it be about to make a turn to follow , so that they point of view of the missile be momentarily block off by the turn . eve be hang out of the tarpaulin , over the side . down below , on the river , luthor and albert , in a rowboat , row slowly to just near the bridge . luthor wear a fisherman 's hat . with " fly " stick in the brim . 211 on eve -- she close she eye , fling herself forward in space , and jump . on the water -- angle up -- eve hurtle down . she land with a terrific splash , just behind the rowboat . gasp , spluttering , she surface . before she can say anything : luthor ( curtly ) you watch be slow . CUT to : 212 ext . sky over metropolis - night on superman -- fly again , but slower and look more discourage than usual , cruise low . he look down . 213 Pov : the top of various head . a few with thinning hair perhaps , but nothing that look like luthor 's dome . 214 on superman -- fly on , look down always , like a man obsessed . 215 ext . warehouse district , downtown -- night full shot -- that same gang of thief we see much earlier , with they same m.o. go : a truck back up to the load platform of a darken warehouse , its tailgate down , as the crook carry the steal appliance out of the warehouse and load they in the truck . 216 new angle -- way up there in the sky , superman be fly they way . without a word of discussion , the crook shrug and immediately begin put all the loot back where it come from . 217 ext . sky above metropolis - night on superman : who never even notice they , because he attention be fix -- with concern - on another destination . 218 wide shot : he head fast for the billow smoke and rise flame in the distance : a building be burn . CUT to : 219 int . PRESS room of the DAILY planet - night that standard shot from every old movie : the press run as the late edition come off . dolly in to headline as a pressman lift off a batch of newspaper : in banner type -- superman save 300 in school FIRE . CUT to : 220 int . lex luthor' office - day on luthor , in dress gown and ascot , seating himself at one end of the breakfast table . he be en plein form , all be go well and he be hum " oh what a beautiful Morning . " casually he pick up the newspaper fold at he place . reverse -- at the other end of the table , she half - grapefruit untouched , sit eve . she regards luthor as the mongoose regards the cobra - with doom intensity . on luthor -- he pick up he paper and open the first page of the Daily Planet full out , only to find himself stare at eve through a large square that have be cut out of the front page . what be leave of the page , include the logo , frame he face , and he expression be nothing you would want to see across the breakfast table . luthor ( icy quiet ) miss teschmacher . quick reaction eve : she look up , look down at she food . two shot , angle : luthor no news be not good news . y'know eve ( weakly improvise ) there be a recipe on the back -- luthor ( menacingly ) something you can feed the pet , perhaps ? ( flatly ) let 's have it . favoring eve -- slowly , reluctantly , she bring up a large clipping from she lap and slide it across the table . new angle -- camera behind lex in over the shoulder shot facing eve as he hold up the clipping . we see the headline as he raise it , cover our view of she face . the clipping be slowly lower , revealing eve , more unhappy then ever , two shot -- still in silence , luthor lean across the table , pick up she half - a- grapefruit and look at she face ; memory of James cagney in " Public enemy " arise . but suddenly , a funny look cross he face : a little smile . a idea have come to he . even as eve cringe , wait for the inevitable , lex just transfer the grapefruit to he plate and busily dig in he spoon . eve ( now very anxious ) you be not go to hit I ? luthor ( a very slow smile ) hit you ? a clever girl like you ? ( as if savore it ) ' he turn slowly , slowly in the lava ...' be how you describe it . now that 's clever . ( lean to she ) I have to hand it to you . eve ( cring , eye close , wait for it ) I know you would hit I . he just take she hand , tenderly . luthor my poor girl ! ( pity , to the world . a la barrymore ) poor , frighten girl ! ah , just look at she . eve' eye fly open , look into he with fade disbelief and the pitiful beginning of wild hope . luthor you have be under such a strain . and I have ... I have -- ( almost choke on it ) -- neglect you . mea culpa ! y'know . eve ( hesitantly ) I know ... luthor ( to no one in particular ) she know . clever , very clever . ( quickly ) and unappreciate . but I be go to take you away from all this . eve ( she can hardly believe she ear ) a night on the town instead of under it ? luthor ( a big mysterious smile ) baby -- I be go to take you higher . CUT to : 221 ext . piper cub - skie above metropolis - day a fragile little one - engine plane fly over the city . CUT to : 222 int . piper cub - day in the cockpit , luthor at the control , eve next to he . she look disenchant , he look absolutely jolly . he wear a leather aviator 's helmet with goggle , a la Charles lindbergh . eve I do not understand . luthor your not to reason why , miss teschmacher . relax ! enjoy it ! ( with genuine delight ) just look at that smog ! eve this all have something to do with superman , do not it ? luthor ( clench tooth ) you volcano chum ? you junior life -save buddy ? ( sudden , awful smile ) let 's get high . eve ( misunderstanding ) I do not bring any -- but lex be talk about altitude ; as he push forward on the stick and the nose of the plane go upwards , eve catch on . eve oh . why ? do he live up here ? luthor not exactly . but it 's he kind of neighborhood . eve what be you go to do to he ? she ask nervously . luthor ( all innocence ) nothing , nothing . I just want to invite he to tea . eve tea ? luthor you get wax in you ear ? eve what if he do not show up ? what if he 's take a nap ? luthor he always show up when somebody 's in danger . he unsnap he safety belt and rise from he seat , walk to the rear of the plane , where the hatch be . eve ( turn green ) danger ?? ( turn white ) somebody ??? lex -- where be you go ? luthor lex be go bye-bye . he start to strap on he parachute . eve where 's mine ?! where 's my parachute ? luthor miss teschmacher , superman be a fairly bright individual . my understanding of the way he work be that he will not be fool by a simple trick . eve good . Fine . now where 's my parachute ? on luthor luthor ( innocently ) I be wear it . eve I mean the other one ! luthor what other one ? eve ( hysterical ) you can not do this to I ! luthor of course I can . I love you . and with a cheery wave , lex luthor jump from the plane , hand on he parachute ripcord . CUT to : 223 ext . grassy field , outskirt of metropolis - day lex luthor landing gently . CUT to : 224 int . piper cub cockpit - day eve scream she lung out into the radio . CUT to : 225 int . control tower , metropolis airport two airport controllers at they respective mike , both just this side of hysterical . dialogue overlap : 1st controller 2nd controller eve ( v.o. ) attention all piper cub 143 - y ( on mike ) aircraft . stay do you hear I ? hellllp ! help ! clear of runway what be you somebody help ! one , three , seven , problem ? what twelve , fifteen be you landing sixteen andpattern ? just eighteen until what in hell do clearance be you think you be give . please do up there ?! copy ! avoid all landing until further ... CUT to : 226 ext . sky over metropolis - day the piper cub be circle around in erratic loop , obviously out of control . 227 suddenly , from out of a large white cloud , come a streak of blue . it 's superman . SOUND : eve up there in the plane , scream . CUT to : 228 int . cockpit - day eve in terror , yell into the mike . eve help ! hellllp ! Hell -- 229 the figure of superman streak past the cockpit window , come to a abrupt stop and look . instant recognition on both side . eve' last incomplete cry become another word : eve ( hel ) lo , superman ! you make it ! superman grab the prop , stop it , and send it spin in the opposite direction , steadying the plane . a moment later , he whizze out of sight , come around the side . 230 on the hatch -- superman enter the plane . superman you ! the girl from the volcano ! ( look around , scared ) kryptonite ... eve help ! I mean -- I can not stop say it . silly , be not it - there 's nothing to worry about . help ! see . superman what be you do here ? eve scream superman besides that . eve he want to see you . lex luthor . superman the bald man ! the one who try to kill I ? eve the way you describe he do not really do he justice . superman I would better get you down . he sit at the control , start to pilot the plane . eve ( disappointed ) could not we forget the plane ? you could lift I in you big strong arm ? superman sure , and let the plane crash in the middle of the city . eve oh. superman look , lady , you save my life once . I owe you a favor . but I can not understand why you follow a man like that . eve ( shrug ) what can I tell you ? he 's my leader . superman okay . ( grimly ) take I to you leader . as the plane go into descent : CUT to : 231 int . lex luthor' office tight two shot : superman have lex by the collar , pull he nose to nose . superman look fierce and luthor look terrify . superman start talk ! as luthor make extravagant choke noise , pull back to see we be in the main chamber . from the doorway , eve watch this confrontation dubiously . eve ( shaking she head ) I know you two would never hit it off . and she exit just as superman release he grip on luthor be throat . superman ( impatiently ) well ?? luthor back off , then sigh , throw up he hand in defeat . luthor well -- you have get I ! what can I say ? superman ( tough ) plenty ! about ' the crime of the century , ' remember ? luthor oh , that . listen -- you be busy -- and it 's a long story -- new angle as superman advance on he , luthor cower cravenly . luthor ( practically scream ) I will tell ! I will tell ! I will tell all ! ( as superman stop ) just -- ( draw himself up ; soulfully ) just leave I my dignity . we be gentleman . superman . let I ... be gracious in defeat . ( practically Ronald coleman ) I will just ... ( as he stroll to he desk ) ... Ring for tea . and so say , he press a button on the desk . insert : as he finger press the button . CUT to : 232 int . base of underground launching pad the launching rocket activate and rev up -- great ball of fire and exhaust fume . CUT to : 233 int . underground missile silo the great steel and concrete gate over the launching pad begin to open . CUT to : 234 int . missile control CENTER - underground silo wide shot - seat before they massive control console board , each fronted by a key - turn device frame in red , sit two major . they each wear a massive key around they neck on a chain , use to activate the detonator . they look bored and half -awake , heir feature illuminate by the glow green dial of the control panel . suddenly : insert : the red light above the control board begin to flash . first major ( open he eye ) what ...? hey ... Arnold ? second major ( bug-ey ) Neil ? do you turn that on ? first major no. how could ... why would I want to ... ( the urgency in he voice ) Jesus Christ ! it 's take off ! insert : on the panel , a red sign light up : " second stage , launching . " on the first major who grab the red telephone , pick it up . first major Major Haley here . get I loomis at the pentagon ! fast ! emergency ! code Seven : hurry up , godda -- CUT to : 235 int . pentagon office - day a general on the phone , astonished , wild general what ! no , I do not ! but -- that 's impossible ! nobody can push that button without my ( horror ) ...unless ... hang on ! he grab he red phone , pick it up . general White House , pronto . CUT to : 236 int . rocket silo with a rush of flame and a great roar , the rocket rise from the launching pad and blast off CUT to : 237 ext . rocket silo - a file - day the xk101 shoot out of the underground silo , then suddenly stop when it clear eight foot above the ground , turn sideways and shoot off across the landscape . CUT to : 238 the super speed trip across america ( part one ) employ the device wherein you CUT together on frame per second , we present a lighten - fast trip across America from the point of view of the speed rocket , eight foot above the ground . the image whiz by like a magic in this first leg of the trip : the skyscraper of New York , the oil tank of New Jersey , the roll hill and highway of Pennsylvania and so on , past Washington , DC . as the classic postcard image pass at incredible speed before we eye . at this point in the trip west ... CUT to : 239 int . luthor' office the two man where we leave they . luthor ( declaim passionately ) I have a dream ! as superman make a impatient gesture -- luthor okay , okay , okay . look -- I be , as they say very heavy into real estate . and to make money in that game you have to buy for a little and sell for a lot . right ? right . so. problem : how to make the property more valuable between the time you buy it and the time you sell it . now -- dolly with luthor as . pick up a professor 's pointer on the way , he cross to a wall where he pull down a roll - up map of the United States , like a teacher in a classroom . use the pointer , he point to the West Coast . luthor this be California . the richest , most populous state in America . and grow like a sonofagun . on superman superman I do not need a geography lesson , luthor . luthor no , superman , of course not . you do get around , do not you . a little ingratiate chuckle turn abruptly to black despair as he indicate he pointer and he map : luthor it 's just that -- I spend a fortune on this thing ! ( anguish ) and all for naught ! what a waste -- superman ( pointedly ) of time , luthor . luthor ( quickly ) right , right . where be I ? ah , yes -- pan up with the pointer as luthor begin tracking the exact line of the San andrea fault from the top to the bottom of the map . luthor at the San andrea fault . maybe you have hear of it . superman sure . it 's the join together of two land mass push together eight million year ago . the fault line itself be unstable and always shifting , which be the reason you get earthquake in the California area from time to time . luthor could not have say it better myself . ( back to the map ) now all this -- ( indicate west of the San andrea fault ) -- west of the fault be the most expensive real estate in the world . Los Angeles . San Diego . San Francisco . and here -- ( indicate the line of the fault ) -- be just hundred and hundred of mile of cheap desert land . land that happen to be own by lex luthor enterprise . well ... ( small wistful smile ) ... call I a fool , but ... it do occur to I that if a conventional five hundred megaton bomb be to explode at exactly the proper stress point -- ( point to that point on the fault line ) -- that would trigger the upheaval that would cause the San andrea fault to ' do its thing . ' ( a sigh of regret ) ah , it would have be so nice , y'know ... on superman -- a look of horror . superman Nice ! most of California would have be destroy . million of people would have be kill ! the West Coast as we know it would have -- luthor ( try to hide the thrill he 's get ) -- dropped into the sea ! ( snap he finger ) bye-bye California ! hello , new West Coast ! gold Coast ! my coast. ( deflate ) and now ... well ... ( bitterly ) I leave my heart in San Francisco ... CUT to : 240 the super speed trip across america ( part one ) by now the rocket have reach the Midwest and image whiz by at mind - boggle speed : the wheat field of Kansas , the stockyard of Chicago . CUT to : 241 int . lex luthor' office on superman superman it would never have work , luthor . you be a dreamer -- a sick , twisted dreamer . on luthor luthor ( seem to consider it , anxiously ) maybe I should get help . superman it would not hurt . you can not go on live in fantasy . do you really think you could get hold of a nuclear bomb ? and drop it ? ( shake he head in disbelief ) why , we Strategic Defense boy would have -- luthor ( quickly agree ) you be right , you be right , superman . there be wrinkle to iron out . but , well ... ( tentatively ) ... there be this new rocket , the xk 101 . superman ( cut he off , incredulous ) the xk 101 . luthor , that operate on radio wave . and with we fail - safe system , only the President himself can push that button . luthor I know . I know . ( he sigh ) I never promise myself a rise garden . CUT to : 242 ext . golf course - day medium long shot -- a golf course . a bunch of suit-clad , sweat secret service man stand around a bunker trap . closer in -- in the midst of the group be a man hold a black box on he lap , seat in the golf cart . he wear a similar key around he neck . he stare uncomprehendingly at the black box , as a secret service man , worried , hold a walkie- talkie next to he ear . BOX man what ???!!! no , I do not push the button ! and stop use that phrase it 's not a button , it 's a ... what ?? it be ??? ohmygod ! ( he leap up ) Mr. President ! Mr. President ! a chunk of turf go fly up in b.g. president ( o.s. ) goddammit ! what now ? as the man run to tell he ... CUT to : 243 the super speed trip across america ( part three ) the rocket zip on : the green field of Ohio , the cattle ranch of Texas ... CUT to : 244 int . lex luthor' office luthor ( abject ) still , foolishly , perhaps , I have a theory that eliminate the presidential push-button . ( slowly ) I be do my homework ... superman on radio wave ? luthor ( a slow nod ) and garbage door . as superman look at he as if he be insane ... luthor ( by way of explanation ) Kansas garage door . remote control , y'know . every bozo in Kansas City have a clicker to open he remote control garage door . well , one day this bozo be watch the grass grow and they see - ( dramatic pause ) - the garage door be open . all the garage door be open . and nobody have click he clicker . okay , it 's a puzzlement . okay , this door operate on radio wave . and okay , you push the button , and it 's tune to the proper frequency and up go the door . and okay , all this jerk be ready to write to " believe it or not ' because they do not press the button , so what be this ' open sesame ' ? superman ( impatiently ) luthor -- luthor you guess it ! ( admiringly ) you be always one step ahead of I . ( enjoy the irony ) be not you superman ? ( hurry on ) yes , right . there be a police helicopter buzzing the area and transmit on the same frequency as the garage door . the minute the signal go out -- ( he gesture the door fly up ) Zip ! Zip ! Zip ! as superman be about to cut in -- luthor ( quickly ) well , that 's they problem , t.s. but -- but the xk 101 also work on a radio wave control system . the problem be to find out the frequency . problem , problem , I have have so many ... superman ( tersely ) they will soon be over . luthor ( the martyr ) in a way -- oh , it will be a relief . I be a wreck . no rest for the wick , y'know . it be not enough , the radio frequency , then I have to worry about get to the missile and adjust the aim . so that if I could have activate the launch -- well , lex luthor would have hit the spot . ( with great fondness ) there 's a little place on Route 190 . Dead on the practice optimum stress point of the San andrea fault . it would not mean much to you , superman , but I call it ... target zero . ( a sigh of long ) pancho 's Taco Palace ... CUT to : 245 ext . pancho' taco palace - day long shot - at the bottom of a hill in the middle of the bare , arid , scrubby California desert be a taco stand that look exactly like the miniature one see earlier on Albert 's model . a modest eyesore with a drive - up window , one table that sit under full sun on broiling asphalt , and a sign on the roof read " pancho' taco palace . " some palace . just behind it , stick up in the middle of the desert , be a large , garish billboard that read : coming soon ! choice beach front property ideal home site perfect for industry L. luthor realty CO . as shot begins , the owner , pancho , doze behind the counter , attract fly , when suddenly a car drive down the road and come to a stop . the door open and a weary young woman get out . zoom in on her : it be lois Lane . CUT to : 246 the super speed rocket trip across the UNITED states ( part three ) . 247 the rocket be now approaching the grand canyon CUT to : 248 ext . pancho " S taco palace - day there be a pay telephone booth beside the counter , and lois enter it , put in she dime , start to dial . pancho ( regard she hopefully ) but you not hungry ? lois ( a glance at the counter ) not that hungry . ( apologetically ) I have to make a plane . ( into phone ) hello , Denver Airport ? give I western Airlines , please . ( a sigh ) all right , I will wait . as she tap she finger impatiently ... CUT to : 249 a series of aerial view that look to be of Southern California . ( note : the follow montage sequence must look absolutely convincing until its payoff . the audience must believe that it be truly witness the devastation of Southern California . thus we see :) A. the xk 101 hit square on pancho 's Taco Palace , explode it to smithereen . B. the San andrea fault line in the desert begin to crack open , then gape wider and wider . great upheaval . c. San Francisco : " the Golden Gate Bridge " begin to shimmy and sway alarmingly . its roadway buckle , its strut bend . D. Los Angeles : the Hollywood hill be rent asunder ; the fame " hollywood " sign crack in two as the mountain part . E. highways buckle , collapse . f. vast chunks of coastline drop off into the onrush sea . G. the Golden Gate Bridge collapse . H. Desert land flood by the ocean as tidal wave sweep inland . 250 as this sequence build in momentum and horror so that the audience be absolutely convinced it be watch the terrible result of the split of the San andrea fault , suddenly as we watch what look like a enormous Los Angeles skyscraper tumble into the sea , follow it as it fall leave and we suddenly see the face of lex luthor full size , behind it as if he be a enormous giant , a Gulliver . as the " building " hit the water , it send up a splash , some of which get lex in the eye . laugh , he wipe it off : and we pull back to reveal for the first time that we have not be watch the real destruction of the West Coast but we be in fact - 251 int . lex luther' model room - day -- where all of this have take place on Albert 's detailed table - top tank display model of the West Coast , where luthor program all this in miniature , include water , represent the Pacific ocean , which gush in from the side of the tank , fill up the area to the " new coastline . " luthor stand beside the model , beam with pride . superman ( flatly ) well , it 's very impressive but you build this junk for nothing . luthor ( enjoy this great moment to the hilt ) for the first time today , superman I must tell you that you be wrong . ( affably ) but how could you know that - ( check he watch ) oh , well . I guess I could tell you now . y'see , actually ... but this conversation be become rather dry , be not it . quick closeup of superman with a " what the hell be this guy talk about " expression . luthor ( " a realization " ) we never get we tea ! ( " a think " ) could I ... could I have press the wrong button ? ( snap he finger ) of course ! silly old I . I press the button that launch the xk 101 ! quick closeup - superman : startle . luthor ( building to manic glee ) which be now somewhere near the Grand Canyon and go strong ! and I can not tell you how much I have enjoy whiling away the minute -- !! superman leap at he and have he by the throat again . tight shot -- face to face , but this time luthor be sneering . luthor now who 's the dreamer , superman ? even you can not fly that fast ! superman we will see how fast I can fly . 252 pull back wide superman and we will see how fast you can swim . and with that , he pitch luthor right into the alligator tank at the far end of the room . a long pass . luthor ( scream as he fall in ) no! no ! no ! quick shot -- luthor swim for he life , pursue by giant albino alligator , rat , snap turtles , and the like . 253 on superman -- Flying up and out , knock a hole in the ceiling . CUT to : 254 ext . metropolis STREET - day on a busy street in midtown , even normally blasé metropolitan be startle to see superman suddenly come burst out of the pavement , head straight up at top speed . CUT to : 255 ext . sky - day superman fly high in the sky , look as if he 's strain for speed . close in on he -- as he look o.s. and down . 256 he Pov : Far below , fly just over the ground , be the missile , in the distance we can see the Grand Canyon . 257 on superman -- he dive for it . CUT to : 258 ext . rim of the grand canyon - day wide shot -- as superman plant himself firmly in the path of the missile and brace himself to grab it . 259 he Pov : on the rocket -- speed towards he . suddenly it change course and rush past he . 260 on superman -- he lunge for it , but the missile veer out of reach , and whizze away in the distance . closeup - superman -- a look of grim determination on he face . he fly off after the rocket . 261 ext . base of the rockies - day on the missile -- zoom along , eight foot off the ground . 262 wide shot -- superman have fly ahead and come at the speed missile , this time from the side . but again , as soon as he get within range , the rocket 's sensory device go into action and dodge out of range , leave he far behind . CUT to : 263 ext . pancho' taco palace - day as before . but pancho be now wiping the counter with a filthy rag as lois , very irritate , say into the phone : lois another dime ? Operator , I just put in a dime .. ( testy ) listen , lady -- CUT to : 264 ext . desert - day on the missile -- speed along , just above the desert . the camera track alongside it for several moment , then the rocket outdistance the camera , which continue tracking forward . a moment later , superman come into frame , still chase the rocket . now he catch up to it . 265 closer in : superman grab the missile from behind , grip it . 266 he Pov looking past the nose of the rocket : pancho 's Taco Palace , not far away and get closer every second . ( note : the distance be close enough for pancho to see what be happen , but lois , whose back be turn in the phone booth , have she back to the action and see nothing . ) 267 on superman -- with a mighty effort , he wrench the missile off its course . 268 wide shot -- he have stop the rocket only a couple of hundred yard from the taco stand . quickly he angle it up and zoom into the cloud with it . CUT to : 269 ext . sky - day superman rip off the nose cone , as the rocket housing fall to the desert below . just about to discard the rest when : SOUND : beep beep beep come from the warhead . startle , he look at what he be hold . 270 effect ( X -ray vision ) -- a counter have start its nuclear countdown inside the warhead . 19 , 18 , 17 ... 271 on superman -- instantly he accelerate , hold the warhead , fly straight up . CUT to : 272 ext . sky / space on superman -- he climb higher over the United States , gain speed as the atmosphere begin to blur into the dark mysterious blue of space . 273 ext . space wide shot -- superman with the speed of light zoom through the universe , past the moon with the Earth grow smaller in the distance . faster and faster he go until he burst through into another galaxy . 274 closer on superman -- as he hurl the rocket into the void of outer space . CUT to : 275 ext . space wide shot -- as the rocket , speed through the galaxy , explode . the close star break into shoot fiery fragment . CUT to : 276 ext . space on superman -- as he be send reeling through the limitless void , fall away , stunne by the explosion . CUT to : 277 ext . space special effect : shock wave shake the stability of the furthest galaxy . 278 ext . space on superman -- in uncontrolled flight , project million of mile , as he regains consciousness and steady he trajectory . he soar through the galaxy , burst through into we solar system . he wing closer and closer to Earth , grow smaller and smaller as he approach the United States , until he appear as a tiny blue dot far away in a sparkling , star-filled universe . CUT to : 279 ext . pancho' taco palace - day pancho be stand in front of he stand , stare with a stunne expression at the sky , like a man who have see a miracle . in b.g. lois hang up the phone with a furious slam . lois rat ! she step out and see pancho , who turn to she , gesticulate , inarticulate . pancho eencredible ! Santa caramba , senorita , eet ees ... eencredible ! lois ( the cynic ) Nah , you never get you dime back . and off she march to she car , have miss it all . CUT to : 280 ext . space head up and out , the shock wave be stronger now , rippling through the vast starry reach . 281 the shock wave crack , crumble and disintegrate before our eye . panning into space as the shock wave move until they meet resistance of a great crystalline cloud - the phantom Zone . effect : the crystalline wall shatter . CUT to : 282 the four great villain : jak - EL , ursa , general zod and non -- as they rush to the open wall and suck in the air of unexpected freedom . jak - EL free ! ursa free ! general zod free ! non let out a terrifying howl , like a animal who have burst its bond . they horrifying face fill the screen with yowl of glee as they drift off into space . hold as they move further and further away , move towards Earth , until they be tiny dot lose in the star . superimpose : the end of part I