sphere by Stephen hauser base on the novel , sphere , by Michael crichton March 5 , 1996 ext . STREET in georgetown -- middle of the night fog hang above the street , amongst the streetlamp . apartment building line the curb , it be very quiet . in one building , six floor up , a bedroom light be on . we see the silhouette of norman 's wife look out the window . wife ( o.s. ) what kind of a crash be it ? norman ( o.s. ) you see my suitcase ? wife ( o.s. ) there 's nothing on the news about a crash . do he say what airline ? norman ( o.s. ) he do not say much at all . honey -- wife ( o.s. ) in the closet . I do not understand , norman -- why would they call you ? norman ( o.s. ) do not be so supportive , honey . wife ( o.s. ) well , I can not imagine five year of unemployment -- norman ( o.s. ) four. four year -- wife ( o.s. ) four year of unemployment would look too good on a resume . norman ( o.s. ) keep watch the news . be you watch the news ? wife ( o.s. ) how be you get to the airport ? you need money for the bus ? a tinted - window black sedan travel down the street , pull up in front of the apartment building . a U.S. navy decal be on the door . wife ( o.s. ) there 's a U.S. navy car outside , norman . norman ( o.s. ) what ? wife ( o.s. ) be it a military crash ? norman ( o.s. ) I do not know . wife ( o.s. ) they never use to send a navy car . CUT to : the loud , hard chopping of a helicopter propeller ext . pacific ocean -- day blind sunlight , as the helicopter whip by , speed above the Pacific Ocean . int . helicopter -- day norman , 53 , dishevel , unshaven , sit in the back . he study a pamphlet in he hand : " aircrash survival : how to cope " . the pilot , in the cockpit , turn to he . pilot what kinda work you in , Dr. Johnson ? norman quickly stuff the pamphlet into he dufflebag . norman I be in psychology . be . still be really , just be a while . ( beat ) I treat aircrash survivor . pilot oh , so you be that Dr. Johnson . norman you have hear of I ? pilot well , everybody 's be talk about that report you write . norman what report ? pilot huh ? norman what report ? pilot you mean you do not know ? norman know what ? the pilot glance back at he again . pilot must be another Johnson then . be fly so many scientist out here -- can not keep everyone straight . norman who 's everyone ? pilot physicist , mathematician , geologist , you name it . norman geologist ? at a plane crash ? pilot strange , be not it ? in the middle of the ocean no less . norman what the hell would a geologist be do at a plane crash ? norman look out the window and see a group of ship circle in the water . ext . ship deck -- day the helicopter descend down onto the helipad , wind gust about . a young , female officer -- hold she hat to she head -- rush to greet norman , as he climb out of the helicopter . she look down crudely at he shotty , nylon dufflebag . officer any other bag , Dr. Johnson ? norman just that . careful , it 's heavy . she lug it over she shoulder , no problem . officer no other equipment ? Scientific instrument ? norman no , they do not say -- officer this way , sir . norman follow the officer away from the helipad . int . ship she lead norman down a flight of stair . officer Captain barne want to see you right away , sir . norman Captain who ? officer barne . he 's very eager to meet you . be call we every half hour to see if you be arrive . norman really ? as they march down a hallway , norman look down at he wrinkle suit , try to smooth it out . officer by the way sir , I have read you report . I think it 's brilliant . norman what report ? officer you mean they have not tell you yet ? norman told I what ? she staighten up , like she might have say too much . officer this way , sir . int . barne ' office captain harold barne , 60 , immaculate , proud of who he be , talk on the phone . barne how 's he look ?... well , we can not all be officer , can we ? ( laugh ) they tell I he 's brilliant . ext . barne ' office norman stand in front of the door . the doorplate read : project commander -- captain harold barne . norman straighten he big-knotted tie . deep breath . int . barne ' office as the door open , barne be put down the phone , rise from he desk , as norman step inside . barne Dr. norman Johnson . welcome aboard . they shake hand . norman thank you , Colonel . barne Captain . norman Captain . right , forgive I . barne look at norman , size he up . a akward silence . norman well , thanks for the opportuninty here -- my wife appreciate it . barne do not thank I , Dr. Johnson . you be not my choice . the Pentagon make I take you . norman ( smile ) the Pentagon ? I do not know I have friend in Washington . norman try to laugh as barne usher he to the door ... barne come with I . the team 's already wait . norman what team ? int . hallway barne lead norman down the corridor , line with officer and guard . barne what have you be tell so far ? norman the usual . plane crash . surviver unknown . routine stuff really . barne anything else ? norman nothing else . a guard unlock a large , steel door . guard Captain barne . Dr. Johnson . norman hello . norman look at the guard as they proceed through the doorway , wonder how the guard know he name . barne you talk to any reporter ? any press ? norman Press ? no , I have not . the steel door shut loudly behind they . barne good . Security 's be we biggest worry . now that you be here we can shut this thing down tight . norman from what ? what 's with all the security ? barne well , we do not have all the fact yet . another guard open up another large steel door ... int . tech room barne lead norman through the room , cramme with video monitor , screen , and grid . officer talk into radio . technician work on computer . barne we be move fast consider the storm . norman Storm ? what storm ? barne a cyclone 's on it 's way in . I think they would have tell you on the phone . norman they do not tell I anything . norman try to keep pace ... barne we have have diver work around the clock . take a look at this ... angle on a large video screen -- show a diver walk on the ocean floor , hold a bright artificial flashlight . norman how deep be he ? barne a thousand foot . norman a thousand ? a airplane crash into a thousand foot of water -- I do not want to sound pessimistic here , but I assume there be no survivor . barne Survivors ? no , I would not think so . norman then why be I here ? barne what ? norman what do you need I for ? on the video screen -- the diver shine he light on a large , metallic object . barne what crash be not a airplane , Dr. Johnson . it 's a bit larger than that . barne walk toward a technician , sit at a keyboard . barne ( to technician ) bring up the grid , would you ? angle on the monitor as a image of the craft begin to form . norman what be it ? a military spacecraft ? like a shuttle or satellite ? barne something like that . ( beat ) that do not surprise you ? norman not really , no . something of the military crash in the ocean -- it explain why there be nothing on the news , why you have keep everything a secret ... when do it crash ? barne as best we can estimate , it crash four hundred year ago . a beat . norman four hundred ? you be kid , right ? angle on the monitor -- show a grid depict a image of the craft and a small layer of rock above it . barne see this ? coral . geologist measure the coral growth on top of the craft to be over five meter thick . norman geologist ? barne coral grow at a rate of two and a half centimeter a year -- norman -- wait a second -- barne -- dating the crash at least that old . norman hold on -- barne maybe older -- norman -- there 's get to be some mistake here -- a four hundred year old military spacecraft ? there 's no such thing ... we space program be not even forty year old . barne extraordinary , be not it ? norman it 's impossible . barne I be afraid it be Dr. Johnson ... because it 's sit on the bottom of we ocean floor . int . stairwell barne and norman shuffle down the stair . barne off the record , I do not mind tell you , this thing scare the shit out of I . norman it do not make any sense . barne we think it might . that 's why we bring you here . we have assemble you team -- they be wait for we now . norman what team ? barne the one you recommend . in the ulf report you write for the Bush administration . norman ulf report ? nobody 's mention that in year . you mean someone actually read it ? as they head down a hallway , barne pull the ulf report out from under he arm , hand it to norman . norman look at it , almost embarrassed to be hold it . barne you report 's become we bible down here , Dr. Johnson . we have be carry out each of you recommendation -- one by one -- to the smallest detail . norman but sir , I do not understand . this report -- this recommendation ... they be for a encounter with extra - terrestrial life . int . briefing room on a video screen -- sonar video of the spacecraft . beth ( o.s. ) how big be this spacecraft ? barne ( o.s. ) of what we be able to measure , roughly twenty - six hundred foot . ted ( o.s. ) a half a mile long ? barne the wing dimension alone be larger that any aircraft we have see . the team member sit around the conference table : ted field , 41 , geologist , boyish and happy to be here . beth halperin , 36 , biochemist , mother of three who 's never wear a apron . arthur levine , 54 , marine biologist , pudgy and quiet . harry adam , 32 , mathamatician , African - american , wire - glass , no bullshit . harry how much damage ? barne to the craft ? none . not a scratch . harry right . so you be say it survive a high speed impact with water without a scratch ? barne I be not say anything , Harry , I be just state the fact . ( continue ) the outer metal be make of a titanium alloy , build into a epoxy - resin honeycomb . the necessary technology to bond this type of metal have never be invent . ted never invent ? on norman , watch the team ... beth in basic English , what do all this mean ? barne Basic English ? there 's no way this spacecraft be construct on we planet . a loud mechanical whirr int . testing room -- later a large , X - Ray apparatus move to the side , revealing norman 's face . on beth -- stand next to he . beth five year . no phone call . what be I -- a leper ? norman sit up ... norman Beth , look , can I trust you with a little secret ? beth I love secret . norman that ulf report everybody 's patting I on the back about ? beth I have read it twice , norman . it 's brilliant . norman it 's bullshit . the report 's a joke . beth ( beat ) that 's quite a secret . norman I spend a week read sagan and watch re-run of the twilight Zone . seriously . I be just try to pay the mortgage on my house -- I have no idea -- angle on two navy corpsmen , stand behind glass in the next room , monitoring Beth and norman . beth do yourself a favor , norman . be you listen ? do not tell anyone what you just tell I . norman c'mon , Beth -- that report 's like the blind lead the blind . beth because when we get down there -- norman wait -- down where ? beth to the spacecraft . to investigate . norman underwater ? beth what do you expect ? for they to bring it up here ? norman we can not go down there . we be not prepare . that deep ? that take year of training , Beth . we be just scientist . Lab scietist . we wear tie and lab coat to work -- not oxygen tank . beth well , you must have realize the chance a encounter like this would happen here . in the ocean . ( off he look ) 70 percent of the earth 's surface be water , norman . that 's first grade geography . norman it never occur to I . beth well , let 's pray that 's the only mistake you make . have you say anything to barne about this ? norman the timing have never seem quite right . beth just keep you mouth shut , alright ? this could mean everything to we career , you know that ? do not jeopardize this . norman ( nervous laughter ) what -- be you threaten I ? ext . ship -- late at night the sky -- cloud loom on the horizon . angle on arthur levine , lean against the railing , look out at the water . on norman , approach he . Arthur never look at norman , he just stare out at the water . arthur I do not know you , but I will be honest with you . I do not like this . I do not like any of this . especially , the water . norman seasick ? a marine biologist ? arthur I do not belong here . none of we belong here . look at that . angle on the water , a ocean of seemingly endless , choppy wave . norman make you feel pretty small , do not it ? arthur it scare the shit out of I . CUT to : close on norman , lie on a cot . it be dark . his eye be open . he stare at the ceiling . CUT to : int . descent platform a porthole hatch to the descent sub unlatch loudly . a sub - officer help norman lower himself through the hatch . int . descent sub norman step down the ladder into the sub compartment . seat in a circle area : Ted , Beth , Harry , and Arthur . ahead of they , Captain barne sit with the pilot in the sub 's cockpit , separate by a wall of plexiglass . norman take a seat between Beth and Ted . barne ( o.s. ) ( through the intercom ) we descent will take 13 minute . descend at a speed of 80 foot per minute . across from norman , Harry be whispering something quietly into Arthur 's ear . barne ( o.s. ) pressure adjustment will cause the sub to lurch at time , but do not be alarmed . it 's perfectly normal ... Arthur 's face drip with sweat , as Harry continue to whisper into he ear . barne ( o.s. ) the sub 's interior atmosphere will experience moisture as we descend , and the temperature will drop rapidly . just relax and remain seat during the descent . norman watch Arthur , drip with sweat . barne ( o.s. ) we have clear from the base . Red interior light flicker on in the compartment , and we hear the sub make a hissing sound . the sub lurch , and begin to lower in the water . norman Arthur ? Harry have get to Arthur . Arthur be on the verge of panic . norman Arthur ? you alright ? arthur open the hatch door , please . Harry continue to whisper in he ear . arthur Captain , open the hatch door , please ... the hatch door , Captain . open it , please . barne ( o.s. ) calm down , Dr. Levine . arthur let I out , Captain . open the door ! barne ( o.s. ) please , Dr. Levine . Arthur leap violently out of he seat , scramble to the plexiglass wall . barne ( through the plexiglass ) sit down , Dr. Levine ! you be in a military operation now -- Arthur bang on the plexiglass wall with he fist . barne ... you civil rights have be overrid ! arthur open it , Captain ! barne Dr. Levine , please ! return to you seat ! Arthur vomit , violently , heaving , splattering the plexiglass wall . arthur open the fuck door ! the sub lurch again , come to a stop . the compartment be totally silent , as they begin ascend to the surface . on harry smile a sly , evil grin direct right at norman . the sub lurch again , and we hear clanking metal . the hatch door open . and Arthur , wiping the vomit from he mouth , climb up the ladder and out the hatch door . barne ( o.s. ) anybody else ? silence . the hatch door lock , loudly . the sub lurch , and begin descend . ted pussy . beth what 's that -- mistake number two , norman ? norman he be not feel well . ted he 's a pussy . Harry be still stare at norman ... harry how be you feel , norman ? norman what ? harry you hold up alright ? norman Fine . I be fine . harry do not be defensive . norman I be not be defensive . harry you sound defensive . norman I be fine . ted ( to Harry ) what would you say to he ? harry to who ? Arthur ? nothing . nothing that norman do not already know . ted what do norman already know ? harry norman think we should not be go down . thinks it 's a mistake . norman look over at Beth . harry she tell I what you say , norman . ted what be it , Harry ? harry just one of norman 's many secret . on norman , say nothing . ext . ocean we see the sub descend into darker water . ext . dh -8 habitat -- arriving dock the sub descend into the airlock , metal clank against metal . around it , the dh - 8 : interwoven cylinder light up with light . int . airlock -- pressurizing room close on the hatch door close tightly , lock . officer ( o.s. ) one moment for pressurize . a soft whirr . angle on -- barne and the four remain team member stand in the small , claustrophobic pressurize room . like sardine . nobody say anything . a long beat . the door in front of they , open . teeny fletcher , 30 , a big -bon female officer , stand before they . she wear a black plastic pad , a " talker " , around she neck . she hand each member they own " talker " . norman take he . int . dh-8 hallway fletcher lead barne and the team member down the hallway . each of they wear the " talker " around they neck . barne they pressurize we with helium . norman what 's wrong with oxygen ? barne it 's a corrosive gas . on earth , it make a half - eat apple turn brown and put the ugly , iron rust on a oldsmobile . at a pressure this low , oxygen become toxic . breathe it down here , and it will do to you dick what it do to the oldsmobile . ted important safety tip . thanks Captain . fletcher listen through she radio earpiece , turn to barne ... fletcher Captain , the diver have the airlock mount at the door . the robot be now in position to enter the spacecraft . ted robot ? what robot ? int . video feed room close on a monitor -- show the robot in front of the curve gray metal of the spacecraft . barne edmund , bring up the robot 's camera feed . jane edmund , 32 , the unit archivist , work the control panel . another monitor click on -- show the robot 's Pov of the door . ted Captain , you know , I really appreciate you haul we a thousand foot below sea level so we can watch this historical event on television . barne nobody go inside , until we know what 's inside . on the monitor -- the robot camera scan the spacecraft hull , stop on a rectangular panel mount to the leave of the door . barne can you open that panel ? edmund work on it now , sir . on the monitor -- a robotic claw extend out to the panel . try to pry the panel open . ted I would like it note in the report that I think we should be do this ourselves . make a manned entry ... the claw be clumsy , and keep bang into the metal . ted I would also like it note -- barne duly note , Ted . edmund , try use suction . on the monitor -- another robotic arm extend out , with a rubber sucker . it push against the panel , but do not suck . edmund it 's not suck , sir . barne thank you , I can see that . try something else . edmund we do not have anything else to try , Sir . barne well , shit -- find something , do something ... make something up -- ted what about a crowbar ? barne straighten up , look at Ted ... barne what about a crowbar ? ted what if we go out there , you know -- wedge a crowbar in the door and pry the thing open . harry pry the thing open ? what be we -- neanderthal ? beth all that bang and pound . I do not know . we should think about make a good first impression . harry for who ? the fish ? beth for whoever 's in that thing . barne or whatever 's in that thing . on the monitor -- the spacecraft , sit there silently , stare back at they . barne norman , what do you think ? norman , quiet in the corner , perk up ... norman me? well -- I do not really ... I mean , you could ... you know , you could make a real solid case ... a crowbar ? all eye on norman . norman I do not know . a beat as they all stare at he . ted I be secure enough with that . int . changing room angle on a locker door open . Inside be a elaborate jumpsuit and helmet with the name : " johnson " , stencile above the faceplate . norman be we all -- I mean , be it necessary for all of we to go ... out there ? the other team member take they suit out of they locker . barne nothing to be nervous about . this suit be wire and electrically heat . each equip with a alarm that triggers automatically if life - support sustem go below optimum . norman hold he jumpsuit out and away from he , like it 's something nuclear . ted it 's just like swim , norman ... you know how to swim , do not you ? harry you be not afraid of the water , be you , norman ? they all look over at he . beth ( half smile ) be not there a psychological term for that , Dr. Johnson ? norman ( under he breath ) yeah . drown . int . airlock room -- ( a cylinder ) dress in jumpsuit and helmet -- barne jump into a pool of ocean water , cut out from the floor , lead to the ocean . it look like a tiny swim pool . Ted jump in next . Beth , Harry , and norman be leave ... beth you be next , norman . norman ( nervous as hell ) no. go ahead . really . lady first . beth such a gentleman when you be scared shitless . she hop in . norman watch , look up at Harry , next to he . harry go ahead . lady first . norman no , why do not -- Harry nudge he forward . harry c'mon . norman wait a second , I -- Harry push he again . norman catch himself . norman geez , c'mon , alright . gimme a minute . let I get my bearing -- Harry push he again . harry c'mon , norman . norman look , would you -- and Harry just push he in . norman slip and fall awkwardly ... into the ocean depth . CUT to : black . quiet . only the SOUND of norman -- breathing . for a couple beat . now ... norman' Pov -- from inside he helmet -- a light shine from behind he -- casting he shadow onto the murky ocean floor . norman 's head turn , and he 's blind by a light -- it 's Harry , the light shining from the top of Harry 's helmet . we hear Harry 's voice , static , through norman 's helmet . harry ( o.s. ) the switch be on you waist . on norman -- he glove -- fumble at he waist . he helmet light -- flicker on . on norman -- slowly , beginning to walk on the ocean floor . he feet -- squashing gently , lightly into the muddy ground . norman' Pov -- can barely make out the other in front of he , they helmet light strobing the dark water , crossing each other , like searchlight on a foggy night . close on norman' face -- eye cold , breathing . couple beat . and hear : ted ( o.s. ) look at that thing . norman 's eye look up ... we pull back ... long , high , wide shot of the team -- they little helmet light tiny and insignificant almost as ... in front of they -- the spacecraft . dwarf they in size , loom large , majestic , like nothing we have ever see . the enormous tail fin , in the distance , extend high out of the coral . in the huge mound of coral cover the spacecraft , we see a tunnel -- cut out like a cave -- line with tiny , dim lightbulb . int . tunnel about 60 foot deep . narrower than they would like . norman descend , clumsily , awkwardly -- push off the bulky , iron handle fastened to the coral wall . the loud hissing of AIR int . spacecraft airlock close on norman' face as he watch the water recede , down past he faceplate . the loud banging of metal Ted have wedge a crowbar into the door and bang at it with a sledgehammer . harry easy Ted , we be not mining gold . ted gimme some room here , will you ? back off . gimme some space . they all back away , cram into the far corner of the airlock as Ted keep swinging . beth look alot like a airplane door , do not it ? Ted stop and look at the door . ted alot like . you know , I notice it before , but I do not ... harry shutup , Ted . you do not notice shit . keep hammer . norman you want I to try ? ted you be a 53 year old shrink , what be you gonna do ? barne give he the hammer , Ted . norman take the hammer . walk up to the wedge . get he bearing . rear back ... then stop . ted what be it , you back give out ? something have catch norman 's eye . he look down at the wedge . barne what be it , norman ? norman take a look . barne come toward he . the other follow . barne bend down , look closely down at the wedge in the door . barne it 's chip . harry chipped ? the door ? how can it be chip ? barne I do not know how it can be chip , but it 's chip . harry I think you say there be not any damage do in the crash ? barne I do . harry then how can it be chip ? on beth -- she touch the door with she palm , feel around . beth there 's heat come the door . barne back away then . beth wait a minute -- barne I say back away . beth would you wait a minute ? the door start to rumble barne unstrap a gun -- nearly the size of a uzzi -- from he buckle . barne Ted , get she away from the door . ted what be you go to do -- shoot she ? the rumbling louder ... barne get she away ! the door begin to slide open . Beth back away . the door , slide , be revealing complete blackness inside . the door stop , it 's open , it 's quiet . they all stand there , look at blackness . a long beat . int . spacecraft on norman -- cautiously step inside . his helmet light shine on the other ahead of he , walk along a 5 foot wide catwalk , suspend high in the air . metallic beam and rafter criss -cross above they . norman look over the railing -- he light strobe through 40 foot of darkness , dimly lighting the lower hull , a dense network of strut and girder . ted look at this . barne what be it ? Ted spotlight the outer hull . ted some sort of lead or something . barne Radiation shield , you think ? ted a foot and a half thick ? that would withstand a helluva lot of radiation . Beth 's light shine down onto the catwalk . we see footprint outline on the dusty floor . beth hold on -- barne what be it ? beth any of you get ahead of I -- walk this far up ? ted no . I do not think so . beth well , think . because there 's footprint here that be not mine . ted well , they be not mine . on the footprint -- large , like the boot they be wear . barne calm down , alright ? they gotta be somebody 's here . let 's stay together , please . CUT to : long shot -- see they suspend high in the air on the catwalk , walk . they tiny stream of light move about . we see just how ominous this spacecraft really be . beth it 's empty . why would someone build a ship like this ? harry you would have to ask they . they approach a door , at the end of the catwalk . barne alright , Beth , do that thing you do before . beth how about I just press the button ? she press a button near the door . the door slide open . barne or just ... press the button . barne hold out he gun , and enter . the other behind he . ted strange , be not it ? you know -- how it would have a button . norman Earth do not have a patent on button , Ted . ted still , make a note I recognize that . on barne -- lead they through a small hall . it seem to be open up into some sort of room -- when barne stop . Dead in he track . ted what 's wrong ? barne ( serious ) what do you make of this ? on norman -- as he step around barne , he light brightening on : a sign that read : " trash . " ted ( softly ) what the hell ? very softly , Harry begin to laugh . ted English ? harry that 's right . norman look up and sees more of the room as he light shine throughout it : table , couch and chair -- make of leather , very comfortable look . they begin to slowly wander about ... beth I do not get it . ted it do not make any sense . harry you do not think it do ? I think it 's rather obvious . ted be it some sort of joke ? like one of that hoax ? harry a spacecraft half a mile long -- with 500 tonne of coral on top of it ? someone go to a lot of trouble . try again . ted but it 's impossible . harry be it ? Beth touch the table , it 's metal , but it 's soft and rubbery . ted why would this ship carry instruction in English ? harry think about it . ted unless , this alien spacecraft be -- you know -- somehow present itself to Americans in a way that would make we feel comfortable . norman 400 year ago ? I be sure Christopher Columbus would have love this accommodation . beth good theory , Ted . ted well , what 's you theory ? beth I be a woman . I do not theorize . I only deal with fact . harry all the fact you need be right in front of you . ted gimme a minute here ... I think I have get it . harry do you ? ted if it be a alien spacecraft -- harry save you breath . it 's not a alien spacecraft . beth then what be it ? harry ( beat ) it 's a american spacecraft . ted a american spacecraft ? half a mile long ? and bury 400 year ? yeah , good theory , Harry . harry it 's be obvious from the start , have not it , Captain ? that 's why all the secrecy , why no one be tell about it ? barne we have consider it . ted consider what ? that it 's american ? how would you think it 's american ? harry the chip in the door . on norman -- glance up at Harry ... harry we take a weeny little wedge , bang on it a couple of time , and bust off a chunk of the metal . yet any spacecraft -- even at a low velocity , say 200 mile a hour -- crash into the water -- it 's gonna be like hit concrete , it would crumple like paper . but there be not a dent to be see anywhere . not even a scratch . ted meaning ? harry meaning it do not land in the water . ted please . it must have fly here -- harry it do not fly here . it arrive here . ted arrive ? from where ? harry not where . when. 400 year ago . from we future . a quiet moment as they take this in . int . spacecraft -- deeper inside Ted and barne trek through a vast cargo bay , like two ant wlth flashlight . ted time travel . I always think it be one of that myth ... like Santa 's reindeer . barne what would we be work on in the future that would make we want to come back ? ted maybe we do not want to come back . back in -- the room norman , Harry , and Beth ... beth what be you look for ? harry a light switch . a button open that door -- the craft run on some sort of power . on norman -- as he sit down in one of the chair . beth what 's that noise ? they listen to a girgling noise . norman sound a little like water -- suddenly -- the chair norman 's in -- wrap around he , squeezing he inside , pad slide around he head , he shoulder envelop he -- suck he inside ... beth norman ! norman get this thing off I . Beth bend down , press a button , the chair release norman ... beth I think the chair think you want to fly this thing . on beth 's faceplate -- as she 's look down -- we begin to see -- reflect in she faceplate : yellow digital lettering sputtering across ... " rv-lhooq ... dcom1 ... " her eye look up slowly ... as we CUT to : the black screen in front of the chair , light up with bright yellow lettering : " rv -- lhooq -- dcoml -- u.s.s STAR voyager " " assimilating database " as a series of number race upwards in count ... and the desk in front of they light up , a control panel come to life . harry Nice work , norman . norman whatever I can do to help . on the screen as it change , now fill with column : ship system data system quarter master flight record Harry punch some key on the control panel . harry a flight recorder . we future be about to be see in we present . on the screen as it change : flight data summaries fds 01/01/47-12/31/49 fds 01/01/50-12/31/52 fds 01/01/53-12/31/55 fds 01/01/56-12/31/56 fds 01/01/56-02/01/56 fds 02/02/56-unknown entry event norman 01-01 - 47 . two thousand - forty seven . 50 year in we future . harry unknown entry event . Harry pause , look down , and punch more key ... on the screen -- as it expands in size , widen around they , curving ... we see a galaxy of star , planet come off the screen , into the room , become three dimensional , suspend in air , give the illusion of depth . the image begin streaking outward , toward US , move rapidly , like we be fly through it . the star and other space matter streaking by . beth what 's that cluster of star there ? in the center ? Harry stare , walk around the desk , move into the 3 - D image ... harry we answer . norman to what ? harry time travel . a black hole . the cluster of star grow brighter and brighter , as it come closer and closer , brighten . the field twist and turn as the screen and field become blinding as we enter the cluster , the black hole . on norman -- he face , bright , frightened as he hear : harry ( o.s. ) Ted ? Captain ? barne ( o.s. ) yes , Harry . harry ( o.s. ) we know how this craft get here . where it 's be . barne ( o.s. ) so do we . and it seem to have pick up something on it 's travel . still on norman -- frighten ... norman picked up something ? what be it ? barne ( o.s. ) I do not know . but it 's something alien . CUT to : int . cargo BAY angle on we six team member ' boot , in the distance . as we pan up and around we see a curve surface appear : a surface of slowly swirl green and blue fluid . like mercury . mesmerizlng . as we come around , the team stand look at the sphere , 30 foot in dlameter , hold by a giant claw grip it from the top . they walk around it , circle it , look up at it . harry this answer one of we question . norman which one ? let I get the list out . harry this spacecraft be design to pick thing up . they see thing they want -- this claw go out and bring it in . they come across this . this ... sphere . find it interesting , curious . they draw it inside to take back home . norman but on the way home , they miss they turn , go too far , into the past . harry we present . barne but what do it do ? this ... sphere . ted maybe it 's a message of some sort , you know ? see this red here . angle on the sphere -- some dark red marking on it 's surface ... ted ( continue ) look like a design , some write , maybe . maybe it be send to meet the spacecraft with a message . harry look closely . that be not write . that be groove . on the red groove -- engrave into the surface . harry no . they do not represent a message . they be not decorative at all . they have another purpose entirely . barne what ? harry to conceal a small break in the surface of the sphere . barne a break for what ? int . habitat -- hallway down a long corridor -- we see barne , through a half - close door , pace , talk on the phone ... barne ... it 's definitely something alien ... another civilization , yes , sir ... well , we do not know yet , but we think we have find a door ... int . video feed room edmund , barne , and the team member ( minus Ted ) look at the monitor . barne so how do we get it open ? harry Ted seem to have some idea . on the monitor -- Ted push on the sphere door . bang into it with he shoulder . norman maybe we should not . barne what ? norman if it be alien , maybe we should not try to open it at all . harry ( nodd to norman ) man be man , all he know be man , and all he can think of be what he know . the anthropomorphic problem . good , norman . barne the what ? norman I mention it in my report . do not you read the report ? harry everything ever write about extra - terrestial life imagine that life be essentially human . if it do not look human , it 's a reptile or a big insect or something , have human value , human understanding . barne so ? what 's the problem ? harry it 's nonsense . there 's enough difference between we own species to prove that . beth take politics , we view on abortion , the death penalty ... harry cannibalism , to be extreme . and now we be talk about a new life form . they value and ethic may be incomprehensible . barne like " thou shall not kill " ? norman or maybe , it can not be kill . barne you mean , what 's in that thing be immortal ? norman I do not know . that 's the point . barne everything can be kill . beth not everything . even on earth . take ... yeast . barne yeast ? thank you , Beth , but I do not think we be gonna open it up and find a loaf of bread . harry and we be just talk about three - dimensional creature . what if it 's five or six or seven-dimensional ? so dimensional that we could not even see it to kill it . norman good point . I do not know what you be talk about , but good point . barne or it could contain some great benefit to we , some astonish new idea or technology to help mankind . harry it could . but the odd of it be any use to we be against it . barne you do not know that . harry let 's say whoever make this thing be a thousand year ahead of we , just like we be to , say , medieval Europe . suppose you go back to medieval Europe with a tv set . there would not be any place to plug it in . barne just tell I worst case . worst case of what we might find ? beth it could breathe in air and exhale cyanide gas . norman disrupt we brain wave , interfere with we ability to think . harry produce radioactive waste and disintegrate we into nothing . CUT to : close on printer , typing : " surface wind at 25 knot -- estimate time of departure -- 01:45 hrs " CUT to : int . dh-8 hallway empty , sterile . we hear the repeat sound : thwap . almost like a drip faucet . thwap ... thwap ... int . live quarter Harry on he bunk , stare at the wall , flick he middle finger at he cheek : thwap ... thwap . harry you realize , norman , that we be all go to die . norman be lie in he own bunk , below Harry . norman do not be so optomistic , Harry . harry I be completely serious . there be something very important miss from that spacecraft . you know what that be ? norman not a clue . harry a sign that the builder know time travel through a black hole be possible . norman I do not follow you . harry on that flight recorder , they call the black hole a " unknown entry event . " they do not know what a black hole be . fifty year from now , man be go to build that ship in a very tentative , experimental way , with no knowledge that time travel through a black hole be possible . norman so what ? Harry lean he head over he bunk . harry so , we know . ( beat ) we know it go through a black hole . we see it . norman -- when we would get to the surface , we would tell someone about the black hole , would not we ? it would go in some report like some big discovery . so in fifty year when they build that ship , they would make precaution for a black hole . ( beat ) but they do not . the call it a unknown entry event . norman meaning we be never gonna get the chance to tell anyone . harry meaning we be never gonna get to the surface alive ... to tell anyone . norman get out of he bed . norman I can not believe that , Harry . harry gimme another explanation . norman pace . norman I can not . if I have a minute to think , maybe , but I know you be wrong . harry be I ? norman look -- we be under a lot of pressure , we be tired , you be not think straight . harry you mean , you think I be crack ? norman no . I do not say that . harry then what , norman ? norman stop pace , a beat . norman it 's what 's in that sphere , be not it , Harry ? whatever you think be in that thing -- you think it 's go to kill you . harry curious , be not it ? what 's inside ? before I die , I would sure like to open it and see . int . video feed room close on monitor : video of the sphere . rapidly rewind . barne what cause it ? edmund nothing . I do not know . everything be normal . no change at all . harry when do it happen ? edmund second ago . here ! playback : we see the sphere -- idle . nothing around it . then it 's door slowly open , revealing blackness inside . a beat . and then it close . barne let I see that again . edmund play it again . this time ... we move in on harry , stare at the monitor . harry ( to himself ) I would sure like to open it and see . on harry -- that cold , intelligent eye . CUT to : close on printer , typing : " ... 30 knot -- etd -- 00:19 minute " CUT to : int . hallway close on -- norman and barne . barne do not get hysterical , norman . norman I be tell you , Harry 's lose it . he 's say there 's a deathwish out for each of we . barne look , the ship be clear out . they be take we topside in a matter of minute . someone can check he out there , if it 's that imprtant . norman all I be say be , someone should keep a eye on he . barne just worry about yourself . int . communications room barne on the phone with the surface . Ted talk to he anyway ... ted can I stay , sir ? I be willing to risk it . I be . after what we just witness . barne ( into phone ) what ? no , I know they be civilian ... int . live quarter on norman -- gather he thing . stuff he shotty dufflebag . Beth , at she bunk , do the same . norman stand up . look at the bunk above he : unpack clothes , unpack belonging , a notebook lie there say : property of dr . harry adam . on norman -- panic , look around for Harry . CUT to : back in -- communications room barne ( into phone ) ... I say send the sub down , damn it ! barne out the door , Ted at he heel ... ted do you hear I , sir , because -- barne Ted , shut up . be you pack ? ready to go ? I want everyone pack . now ! on norman -- run at they ... norman Harry 's miss . barne what do you mean , he 's miss ? norman he 's miss . he 's go . he leave . barne he 's here somewhere . find he . the sub 's on it 's way . ( they look at he ) go! c'mon ! norman run off . barne storm down the hall ... barne how can he be miss ? ted Sir , about leave -- barne we be on the bottom of the fuck ocean -- he can not just walk outside ! int . video feed room edmund work the monitor , stop . see something on a screen . stare in horror ... edmund ( to herself ) oh my gosh ... int . communications room barne , phone to he ear ... barne gimme a report , I want -- harry ( o.s. ) lady and gentlemen ... barne who be that ? where 's that come from ? harry ( o.s. ) please watch you close monitor ... barne turn ... on he monitor -- Harry , in jumpsuit and helmet , stand in front of the sphere . barne quickly put on he headset mic ... barne what 's he do there ? int . video feed room edmund , norman , Beth , Ted stare at the monitor ... ted I think he be with you , norman . through the speaker ... barne ( o.s. ) get he out of there . I think I tell you people -- edmund ( into she mic ) Harry ? can you copy ? on the monitor -- Harry , before the sphere ... harry pay close attention . I think you will find this of interest . the sphere door slowly open . ted what the hell be he do ? Harry step up and into the sphere . the door close slowly behind he . CUT to : printer , typing : " ... etd -- 00:15 minute " CUT to : int . communications room norman with barne ... barne do not tell I I tell you so , norman , because I do not want to hear it . ( yell past he ) Ted , I want everything by the door -- ready to go ! int . video feed room on monitor -- lable : " sub descent " -- it 's still . edmund ( into mic ) sub be still at surface , sir . int . communications room barne ( into phone ) send they , damn it ! I know , but I be not gonna be hold responsible -- norman with he ... norman you can not just leave Harry down here , sir . barne I tell you people , nobody go anywhere unless I say . norman but sir -- barne no " but " . if he want to be leave , we will leave he . ( into phone ) hello ? yes , the sub -- I want a report ... hello ... yes , a report . gimme ... shit . edmund ( o.s. ) I be get no sub read , sir . barne they be come . CUT to : printer , typing : " ... etd -- 00:13 minute " CUT to : int . video feed room on norman -- stare at the monitor of the sphere , idle . barne ( o.s. ) any sign of Harry ? edmund nothing , sir . int . communications room barne fuck he . ( into phone ) what ? hello ? int . video feed room on monitor -- label " sub descent " ... edmund Sir , I be still get absolutely no read on sub movement ... CUT to : printer , typing : " ... etd -- 00:11 minute " CUT to : int . communications room barne ( into phone ) yes , a report ... hello ? Beth , inside now ... beth I be not leave without he . do you hear I ? we come down as a team , we leave as a team . barne what be you -- he mother ? get norman , I want everyone ready to go . ( into mic ) edmund , the sub ? edmund ( o.s. ) nothing , sir . barne what the hell be go on here ? int . corridor Beth rush by Ted , carry bag to the door ... beth norman ? where 's norman ? ted by the bunk . int . live quarter Beth run in ... beth norman ?... norman ? can not see he anywhere . into the bathroom beth norman ! int . communications room barne edmund , do you have a 20 on norman ? edmund ( o.s. ) yes , sir . barne well , where the fuck be he ? edmund ( o.s. ) in the ship , sir . barne spin to see the monitor ... barne what ? on monitor -- norman , in jumpsuit and helmet , run through the ship . barne slip on headset mic ... barne norman ? norman ! int . spacecraft norman run across a catwalk ... barne ( o.s. ) you get you ass back here . you have no authority whatsoever to be in there . you hear I ?... norman ? do not go hero on I now . CUT to : printer , typing : " ... etd -- 00:05 minute evacuation imminent " int . video feed room edmund Sir , if the sub have not leave by now ... barne ( o.s. ) they have leave , keep watch ! edmund Sir ! Sir , the door -- it 's open . on the monitor -- the sphere door , slowly open . revealing : blackness . barne ( o.s. ) where be he ? damn it ! can you see he ? a still moment and then Harry tumble out the sphere , and fall to the ground . int . communications room barne , squinting at Harry on he monitor . barne ( o.s. ) how do he look ? can you tell ? Harry lie motionless . edmund ( o.s. ) he look ... dead , sir . on beth -- in the hall , hearing that . int . spacecraft norman , run , blindly , through a hall , around corner ... barne ( o.s. ) norman , get out of there now ! norman ? int . video feed room edmund if the sub be not here yet , sir -- int . communications room barne , into he headset . barne they will be here . norman -- can you hear I ?... int . spacecraft on norman -- run ... barne ( o.s. ) you do not have time ! get the hell out of -- barne ' voice go static , and cut out . int . video feed room on the monitor -- flicker , lose power ... edmund Sir , we be lose it . on the monitor -- flicker , fade , and all the light and monitor shut down . int . spacecraft on harry -- lie still , face down under the sphere . go to he . check Harry 's life support badge . still blink -- he 's still alive . norman , pause , look up , stare at ... the sphere mesmerize . he can see himself , reflect in the swirl mass , stare back at himself . the door begin to open , close . begins to open . int . corridor Dark . Ted , Beth , and barne wander throughout . ted what the hell happen ? the light flicker back on . barne they switch we over . ted to what ? barne Internal power . beth what for ? CUT to : the ocean floor -- a cable fall from the surface , coiling around and around . CUT to : angle on they dufflebag pile in the corner by the door . they have be leave behind . int . habitat hallway -- later looking down a long corridor -- it 's quiet . we peek inside the cafeteria ... barne ( o.s. ) the surface ship will be back . after the storm clear . beth ( o.s. ) how long will that be ? int . cafeteria barne speak to the team ( minus Harry and norman ) ... barne they tell I about sixty hour . beth two and a half day ? ted how long can we last down here ? edmund comfortably ? seventy - two hour . beth comfortably -- what 's that mean -- with oxygen ? CUT to : int . live quarter close on harry face Harry lie on he bunk . he begin to slowly awake . we begin to hear a scratching noise , like nail on a chalkboard . it get louder as Harry come to . he put he finger to he temple . norman stand beside , he write in he notebook . harry what be that ? that noise ? norman what noise ? harry it 's like ... angle on norman 's pen -- as he stop write , the noise stop . Harry sigh . norman look down at he pen . norman Harry , can you tell I about the sphere ? harry what be you still do here ? norman you remember open the door ? harry you be all suppose to leave . you be not suppose to stay down here . norman tell I about the door . do you remember how you open the door to the sphere ?... Harry ? harry you do not understand about the sphere . norman then explain it to I . Harry pause , stare almost like a frighten little boy . harry norman ? norman what be it , Harry ? harry what happen on page 87 ? have you ever read page 87 ? norman page 87 of what , Harry ? harry I could never read that far . I never want to . norman that far in what , Harry ? Harry do not say anything . norman wait ... harry you should not be here , norman . it 's too dangerous for you and the other to be down here . int . bathroom / shower facility Beth come out from behind a vinyl shower curtain . a towel wrap around she . barne ( o.s. ) Beth -- I want to have a word with you ... barne wash he hand at the sink , look at she in the mirror in front of he . barne back at the door -- I ask you to back away . beth yeah . I hear you . barne there be procedure , Beth , that I want follow . my procedure . and consider what 's go on , I want you to follow they very closely . beth ( a beat ) forgive I . I have never read the navy manual . I wonder what it say about bathroom and shower procedure . he walk to the door , then turn . barne and Beth , one other thing . I would like from now on for you to address I as Captain or sir in front of the man . int . habitat hallway a long corridor -- looking into the cafeteria ... int . cafeteria Harry be eat at a table , seem more relaxed . the team member around he , eat too . Beth , cold . Harry sprinkle salt on the dish of food in the middle . ted hey , go easy on the salt , will ya ? we be not a bunch of icy street here . harry Salt 's good for you , Ted . help you from get impotent . ted impotent ? I be not impotent . norman ( off food ) this be not half bad , fletcher . you might have a second career come . harry what be they ? fletcher squid ... Harry stop mid-chew . frightened . fletcher ... there be a whole flock of they out there earlier . it 's strange . it 's dead down here , and then all of a sudden -- Harry drop he fork . he begin coughing . hacking . choking loudly . gagging . he hack out the squid from he mouth ... CUT to : int . habitat corridor a long , empty corridor . all be quiet . CUT to : close on a monitor -- a series of number : 00032125262632 032629 301321 04261037 18 3016 06180 82132 2903305 1822 04261013 0830162137 1604 4298756 08301632125262632 032629 301321 04261037 18 3016 06 82132 2903305 1822 04261013 0830162137 1604 4268756 08301632125262632 032629 301321 04261037 18 3016 06 82132 2903305 1822 04261013 0830162137 1604 0830164 norman when do it come across ? edmund Minutes ago . Harry 's try to decode it in he room now . norman where 's it come from ? edmund no idea . we have no surface support . it transmit too fast to be come from underwater . norman be it come from we own computer ? edmund Harry think it 's some sort of discharge from we own system , but I have see it discharge before -- and it do not look anything like this . ext . habitat -- underwater swarm of pretty , pink jellyfish . everywhere . from under the habitat -- fletcher swim up to they with a net . it 's beautiful . eerie . almost idyllic . int . live quarter Harry , on he bunk with decode papers in he hand , turn to norman , enter the room . norman get anywhere with that ? harry there 's some sort of pattern here . it will take a minute . norman have you look outside ? jellyfish . everywhere . I hate jellyfish . ( sit on the table ) Harry , what happen in the cafeteria ? harry do not do this . do not psychoanalyze I . I hate squid . period . just like you hate jellyfish . norman you say something to I , before -- about how we be all go to die . harry do I ? norman you do not remember that ? harry I do not remember much . it 's like my memory be on the tip of my tongue -- but I can not taste any of it . funny , my sense be much keener though . purer . hear , see , smell . like , I can smell you sheet , norman . you try to wash it out earlier , but I can still smell the urine . ( beat ) do not worry , I be not go to tell the other . it 's normal , really , be not it ? in a crisis . the stress . the panic . int . video feed room Beth , Ted , and barne watch ... on a monitor -- fletcher outside , with the jellyfish . barne ( into the mic ) fletcher ? what be you do out there ? fletcher ( o.s. ) they be like pink snow , sir . sticky . ted she say jellyfish be a delicacy . you know , I never know that . barne get out of there . I do not want anyone go anywhere outside , understand ? fletcher ( o.s. ) they be warm . I can feel the heat on my leg . barne fletcher , I want you back here . CUT to : back in -- live quarter norman sit on the table ... norman what happen to you inside that sphere , Harry ? a long beat . Harry become concerned ... harry why ? do someone else want to go inside ? CUT to : int . video feed room on the monitor -- fletcher , the jellyfish cling to she facemask , she suit ... fletcher ( o.s. ) I can not see , they be smear the faceplate . my arm ... the fabric ... fletcher 's suit tear ... barne fletcher , get away from there ... fletcher ( o.s. ) it 's burn ... barne get out of there ! fletcher ( o.s. ) I can not see ... barne fletcher ! now ! fletcher ( o.s. ) I can not ... on beth -- bolt out of the room . barne turn to she ... barne nobody move . beth but she 's -- barne nobody move ! fletcher ( o.s. ) they be eat through ... somebody -- CUT to : on fletcher -- underwater -- jellyfish eat into she plastic faceplate ... she 's coughing , gasping . int . video feed room they watch ... on the monitor -- her body twist , contort . her suit , rip apart . scream . she convulse . her body fall . her horrifying scream fading into ... int . decontamination lab close on -- fletcher 's face . cold , dead . eye open . jellyfish roote in she skin . CUT to : int . labratory close on a microscopic image of a jellyfish . on norman -- in the corner of the lab , inspect a medical kit . norman what be this , Beth ? you take valium ? Beth , look into the microscope . beth sedative . whatever my mood call for . norman pick up a book , next to the kit : 20,000 leagues under the Sea . norman where would this come from ? beth the library . norman we have a library ? beth a bad one . it be the only book in there . norman , come here , look at this . norman no , thank you . I hate jellyfish . walk toward she ... norman ... when I be six , my young brother and I -- we go swim in the Pacific . at my mother 's beach house . we both feel sting , and when we come out of the water , he be wear jellyfish head to toe . kill he . beth my gosh , norman . norman yeah , it be awful . beth what about you ? what happen to you ? norman me? well , I be wrap in seaweed . it itched for a while , but I survive . ( beat ) Beth , do you find it ... curious that we be see all this life down here . nothing , and then this enormous flock of squid . then jellyfish ? beth normally , I would say no . everything 's quiet now -- no ship , no diver , no electricity . make sense . but what 's curious be -- this be not normal jellyfish . norman what do you mean -- not normal ? beth they have six tentacles . a new species . and the squid too . they have no stomach . norman wait a minute . beth what ? norman you know about the squid not be normal . before fletcher go out there ? beth yeah , why ? norman and you do not tell anyone ? Beth , nervous ... beth what ? why ... norman Beth -- beth I mean , I be not ... I be not absolutely sure if ... they -- norman they be or they be not . which be it ? beth what ?... wait. do not ... why be you -- norman Beth . beth nobody say ... norman ... what ? why be you look at I like that ? norman Beth -- she back away from norman , knock off a speciman jar , it shatter on the floor . she start break down . norman watch she , fall to the ground , pick up the glass , hurriedly ... beth I do not do anything wrong . I do not mean ... norman Beth . she 's cry , glass in she hand . she look up at norman , frighten , nervous ... beth you would not go and tell the other , would you ? norman hesitates , go to she , try to hold she , but she push he away . beth I hate this place , norman . I want out . CUT to : int . habitat -- hallway looking down -- at the room where barne be on the phone earlier . he stand there now , hand on the knob . close it shut . CUT to : int . room barne sit , norman in front of he , work up ... norman I be not paranoid . I know Beth . she can be drastic . barne how drastic ? norman you do not want to know . barne I think I do . norman a while back , Beth and I -- we work at the same university . she be assist a chemist there -- I forget he name -- do research , experiment . she be also live with he . ( off barne ' look ) yeah , I know . and when she finish she work , he kick she out , break off the relationship , and publish five papers -- all she work -- without any thank you or acknowledgement . barne she should have know better . norman she put a razor to she wrist a day later . barne ( a beat ) when be this ? norman ' 81 , I think . she try again five year ago . ( beat ) I think you should know . barne so you know this when you write you report ? norman at the time , I do not know , I think put she on the list -- it might help she career -- catch she a break . barne you knowingly recommend a woman with suicidal tendency for a government operation -- norman wait a second -- barne -- and then bring she down here -- norman -- I do not know it would come to this -- barne -- without a cautionary word to anyone . ( beat ) you know , Ted say something to I earlier . I think he 's right . he say , " when you get a guy who -- if he be not here -- he would be stand in the unemployment line , you gotta question if you get the right guy . " on norman -- sweat . CUT to : on the monitor -- a series of number : 00032125262632 032629 301321 04261037 18 3016 06180 82132 2903305 1822 04261013 0830162137 1604 083106 21 1822 0330313130432 00032125262632 032629 301321 0 4261037 18 3016 0618082132 2903305 1822 04261013 08 30162137 1604 08301621 1822 0330313130432 000321252 62632 032629 301321 04261037 18 3016 0618082132 290 3305 1822 04261013 0830162137 1604 083016 21 1822 03 30313130432 00032125262632 032629 301321 04261037 1 8 3016 0618082132 2903305 1822 04261013 0830162137 harry it 's the same as before , but the space 's different now . it 's definitely nonrandom . see ... Harry sit at the monitor , show Ted , barne , norman , and edmund a printout of the screan -- indicate a pattern . harry it 's a single sequence repeat over and over . barne we be all very proud of you , Harry , but what the hell be it ? ted maybe it 's a message ? edmund from what ? ted the sphere . maybe the sphere -- edmund we be not hook up to the sphere . harry well , if it 's a discharge -- ted it 's not a discharge . right , edmund ? you say before , right ? so it 's gotta be a message . barne from the sphere ? ted what 's inside the sphere . harry if it be a message , it 's probably a substitution code . I will work on it . ted yeah , I will work on it , too . barne ( to Ted , flat ) you do that . int . bathroom / shower area Ted , nervous , anxious -- with five or six printout in he hand -- have norman 's ear in front of the sink ... ted he 's manic , norman . you know that ? this reliance on Harry be misplace . you hear I ? totally misplace . he 's overlook thing . obvious thing . norman like what ? Ted hand he a printout ... ted it 's not some fuck substitution code , it 's a direct visual representation . norman you mean a picture ? ted take a look . I rearrange the number . put them up to the light . ( norman do ) go ahead . squint at it . norman I do not see anything . ted squint harder . norman please , Ted . ted ( hand he another printout ) try this one . norman this be like nursery school . ted do not you see it ? it 's a picture of the creature . norman the creature ? ted Inside the sphere . look , that 's the vertical torso , three leg , two arm . there 's no head , so I be guess the creature 's head be locate within the torso itself , you know ? on norman -- Ted 's lose it . norman well , how about we wait and see what Harry come up with ? ted sure , why not . give he the trophy . that pretentious son of a bitch . you hear he , norman . all that " someone go to a lot of trouble , try again " bullshit . and " impotent " . where do he get off say I be impotent ? he 's a fuck self - righteous , little prick . CUT to : close on monitor -- spiral now . harry ... I ask myself , why would the sphere be use a code ? if you be try to communicate , why use a code ? ted ( to norman ) see ? no code . what would I say ? harry code be for hide information . so it 's make a mistake . it 's make a code without intend to . I figure it 's probably substitute number for letter ... then I begin to wonder what a alien intelligence would make of we keyboard . and since we be get spiral , I imagine the keyboard as a spiral . so I translate it ... norman that 's brilliant . Ted grimace at norman . harry ... spiralling out of the center , you see : " G " be one , " B " be two , " h " be three , and so on ... when I get the message . barne what 's the message ? harry I have to tell you . it 's strange . barne how do you mean , strange ? Harry pick up he yellow pad of paper and read : harry " hello . how be you ? I be fine . what be you name ? my name be Jerry . " CUT to : int . hallway barne walk briskly down the hall , norman with he ... barne he translate it wrong . " my name be Jerry " ? it 's like " see Spot run . " norman the message do not show a lack of intelligence . it 's smart . it 's approach we in a simple way . like you would a dog . holding out you hand , let it sniff , get use to you . barne what be I -- a dog , now ? barne duck he head into the video feed room ... barne edmund , get in here . I need you for this . edmund in a minute , sir . back in communications room - barne storming through the room , the other ( minus edmund ) around the monitor . barne I want a name . a real name . this thing 's full name , rank and serial number . ted Captain , I personally feel we should ask much more substantive question -- barne I be not gonna explain in some damn report that one person die in a deepsat expedition so we could meet a alien name Jerry . harry ( on the keyboard , type ) first , we have to see if he will talk at all . on the monitor -- " 0032125252632 " the monitor blink , reply : " 0032125252632 " harry okay , Jerry 's talk . Harry type -- " 0002921 301321 0613182108142232 " ted what would you say ? harry " we be friend " . barne cut the friend crap , get a name . " 004212232 " harry " yes " . good . now let 's see if it will switch over to English letter . " 0032125252632 = hello " reply : " 0032125252632 = hello " barne it 's not talk , it 's mimick . ted give he a chance . he 's speak we language , not the other way around . harry ( type ) good idea , Ted . ted ( confuse ) thank you . " 0032125252632 = hello. hello = 0032125252632 " no reply . barne what 's he do ? reply : " hello = 0032125252632. 0032125252632 = hello . " barne ignorant . the thing 's ignorant . harry it 's not ignorant . ted maybe it 's pretend to be ignorant . Harry type " === " reply : " , , , " Harry type " = , = " reply : " 7 &amp ; 7 " barne be you enjoy yourself , Harry , because I do not know what the hell you be do . harry he understand I fine . Harry type : " yes " reply : " 0004212232 " Harry type : " hello " a long beat . reply : " I be delighted to make you acquaintance . the pleasure be entirely mine I assure you . " they stare , stunne , at the screen . norman well , he 's polite . ted unless it 's a act . beth why should it be a act ? " be you the entity hecho in Mexico ? " barne Mexico ? where would he get Mexico ? " be you the entity make in the U.S.A . ? " ted he do not wait for a answer . beth who say it 's a he ? barne not now , Beth . please . I want to know who we be talk to before we start talk . where 's edmund ? harry she 's not gonna know , sir . ted ( to Harry ) ask he . c'mon . say something . Harry type : " we be . who be you ? " reply : " we be " barne Hell 's that mean ? " we be " what ? Harry type : " we be the entity from the U.S.A . who be you ? " " entity = entity ? " ted we have to teach he plural ? Harry : " no " " you be a many entity ? " " no . we be many separate entity . " " I understand . be there one control entity ? " barne what ? harry he 's say , " take I to you leader . " he want to know who 's in charge . barne I be in charge . " yes . the control entity be Captain harald barne " barne with a " of " . harold with a " of " . harry what -- you want I to retype it ? Harry : " who be you ? " " I be one " " where be you from ? " " I be here " " where be the location from where you begin ? " ted " from where you begin ? " that 's not even good English . " I be from awareness " barne what be that , a planet ? " where be awareness ? " " awareness be " " do you make a journey ? " " yes . do you make a journey ? " " yes " " I make a journey . you make a journey . we make a journey together . I be happy . " barne great , okay . ask he about he weapon . norman that 's smart . let 's talk about gun and violence . barne you do not think weapon be important ? norman I think we should be careful . consider he emotional response . ted you want to put he on you couch , norman . Grill he about he childhood ? norman when he use a phrase like " I be happy " , I think we should think twice about what we ask he . " do not be afraid " the all stare at the screen , stunne . norman Jerry , can you understand what we be say ? " every word " norman walk up to the screen , close to it . norman Jerry , can you read we mind ? " yes norman " barne go to the intercom ... barne edmund , I want you in here . now . norman focus on the screen , stare . on the screen -- blank . norman concentrate , on the screen . the screen -- blank . norman Jerry , be you there ? " yes , norman " barne we should not talk here . shut it off . " I do not wish to intrude " norman we would like to talk alone . " I do not agree . that be not possible . I enjoy to talk with you . " norman and we enjoy talk with you . " let we talk now " norman we would like to talk with you more . we admire you talent and you great power and understanding . " thank you " norman and in you great understanding , you know that we be entity who must talk in private -- with each other . " do not be afraid " norman we be not afraid , we be uncomfortable . " be I offended you ? " norman not at all , we enjoy you very much , but we need to talk alone , without you listen . " I shall oblige " norman thank you . " but I be not happy " norman Jerry ?... " we will be right back after a short break for this message from we sponsor " norman Jerry ? be you still there ? screen -- blank . norman Jerry ? screen -- blank . barne ( into intercom ) edmund ? get in here . I want to know exactly how this be be transmit . harry she 's not gonna know . barne she wire this system . harry if the technology of that sphere be advanced enough -- the way it function be gonna appear to we like magic . on ted and norman - ted do not gimme that psychology bullshit , norman . psychology be not a science , it 's superstition . it 's a bunch of soft , subjective theory without any hard data to back it up . with a intellect like this , emotion do not mean shit . on harry and barne - harry it 's like show Leonardo da vinci a laptop computer . he would run scream " witchcraft " . and you could not explain it to he , either . modem , microchip , particle physics . barne ( into intercom ) edmund ? on ted and norman - ted do not make stuff up , this emotional theory , just so you can feel important here . norman frankly , Ted , I would be much happier if Jerry be just a cold , emotionless intellect . ted why 's that ? barne ( into intercom ) edmund ? norman because if Jerry be powerful and also emotional ... barne damn it , edmund ? norman ... it raise a very serious question : what happen if Jerry get mad ? int . video feed room barne ( o.s. ) edmund ? can you copy ? a empty chair . edmund be not here . we hear a repeat thump . thump . thump . barne ( o.s. ) edmund ? on a monitor -- we see she body , wedge in a light stand bracket , float in the water , lifeless . her helmet thumping against the wall of the habitat . int . underwater -- outside the habitat norman and Beth , in jumpsuit and helmet , walk out from under the habitat . still hearing the thumping . they pause , look around . beth Coast be clear . they go to the south end of the habitat . the thumping louder . norman climb up the grid-like stanchion , the support beam hold up the habitat . the body above he -- flap in the current . thumping against the wall . he climb , reach the body . a boot swing , catch the loop in he air hose . bubble shoot out . beth norman , you suit -- it 's leak . the boot come off in norman 's hand -- and the naked foot , gray flesh , purple toenail , kick he faceplate . startles he . beth norman . look at this . on edmund ' suit -- a long tear in the fabric , revealing red , mangle flesh . droplet of blood float past norman 's faceplate . beth her flesh have be macerate . chew . I have never see a bite like this before . norman pull she body out . edmund ' faceplate whip around -- and norman sees she stare eye , mouth open in horror . norman I can not feel she bone . she 's like a sponge . beth she be crush . feel she skin -- it 's like sandpaper . norman what could have do this ? we hear a sensor : pong . pong . pong . int . video feed room barne at the monitor , Ted with he . pong . pong . pong . ted what be that ? barne the sensor be pick up something outside . ted what ? barne flip a switch ... barne it will not register . it 's too big to image . ted too big ? ext . underwater white egg , the size of golf ball descend from above . hundred of they . Beth catch one , inspect it ... beth norman . norman what be they ? beth egg . from inside they helmet ... barne ( o.s. ) you people need to hurry back . the sensor have activate . I do not think you be alone out there . int . corridor Ted walk with norman and Beth ... norman what be it ? ted barne do not know . could not get a read . norman have Harry speak with Jerry ? ted not that I know of . why ? int . communications room norman and Ted at the console ... norman Jerry ? no reply . norman Jerry , be you there ? no reply . ted you think Jerry have something to do with what kill edmund ? with what 's out there ? norman I be not sure . int . labratory close on a egg Beth , scalpel in hand , be make a incision into the shell . beth look at the coating here , it 's definitely marine invertebrate . barne , norman , Harry and Ted stand around the table . barne well , until we know exactly what it be , nobody go outside , understand ? ted what be edmund do outside ? barne resetting the sub . ted what sub ? barne in the dome hanger . all we tape be transfer to the sub . it 's on a 12 hour timer . if someone do not reset the " delay " button , the sub ascend to the surface with the tape . norman what for ? barne if something should happen to we , the navy will at least have partial record of what happen . norman at least we obituary will be accurate . that 's reassure . on the egg -- split open . a slimy pinkish - brown fluid ooze out . a fetus underneath . they cover they mouth from the smell . barne what be it ? Beth pick at it with forcep ... beth I be not sure . I have never see anything like it . barne you be a fuck biochemist , be not you ? can not you tell we something . Beth glare at barne ... int . closet area -- dark Beth , hold a piece of paper in she hand , pull norman inside , press on he ... beth ... he lie to we . he leave we down here . norman c'mon , Beth . do not make this personal . he tell I himself they be take we back . beth yeah , he tell you . think . what be barne do before they cut that cable loose ? he be on the phone . except that cable be a thousand foot long , norman . they would have break off communication with we four , five minute before they clear out . norman so what ? beth so who be barne talk to at the last minute ? nobody . norman you be jump to conclusion , Beth . do not get work up -- beth fuck you , norman ! it 's right here ... she show he the printout in she hand , put a flashlight on the word , read ... beth " although advise of risk , all personnel elect to remain down for duration of storm to continue investigation of alien sphere and associate spacecraft . sign , barne , usn . " norman where do you get this ? beth in edmund ' thing . norman you go through edmund ' thing ? beth he 's not just a navy captain -- he work for the fuck Pentagon . norman calm down , Beth . alright ? beth do not tell I to calm down ! norman it 's do , alright ? it 's over ! and there 's not a damn thing we can do about it now , okay ? he turn to leave ... beth you say something to he , do not you ? norman what ? beth you tell he about I ? on norman -- pause , stare at she ... norman Beth -- beth you do , do not you ? norman do not do this . beth you bastard . norman Beth , I do not . hold it together . alright ? she look at he , pierce into he eye ... beth yeah , okay . sure , norman . norman Beth -- beth no , I should stay calm . like you say . right , norman ? stay calm . norman look at she , concerned , know she do not believe he ... beth fletcher and edmund be dead , norman . and the only one we can trust to run this place be a fuck liar . CUT to : int . control room on the oxygen regulator -- bob up and down -- keep track of the little that 's leave . CUT to : int . video feed room barne , norman , Beth , and Ted be gather around the monitor . barne address norman ... barne I do not want you talk to Jerry . norman but sir , I think it 's imperative . I think the message , the animal we have see , what kill edmund , the read you get earlier -- I think they be all related . ted Jerry be not hostile , norman . he say earlier -- we be he friend -- norman of course he do . he 's be isloate for 400 year . he want someone to talk to . look , you put a human be in isolation for four day , they can become neurotic , sometimes psychotic . we be talk about 400 year here . a alien that show emotional response . I think we need to address he , before he react further . barne you think he kill edmund ? norman yes , I do . whatever 's out there , I think be he response to we refuse to talk to he earlier . barne bullshit . what 's out there be not alien . it 's a animal . norman maybe so . but I think we need to ask Jerry about it . barne no . I think we should shut down the communication line inside the habitat . he might be listen now . beth I think he already be . they turn to the monitor : on the monitor : " do not ignore I " beth Nice work , Captain sir . barne shut up , Beth . I do not want to hear it . norman Jerry , we do not want to ignore you . " do not underestimate my power " norman we do not . " yes you do " norman Jerry -- the monitor blink back -- we see the sphere . it be close . still . we hear the sensor : pong . pong . pong . CUT to : int . labratory Harry , alone , stare at the fetus on the table . CUT to : int . video feed room on the sonar impulse monitor -- line jump higher . pong . pong . pong . barne , norman , Beth , and Ted watch it . norman Jerry ? no response . norman Jerry ? the monitor flash : " I be not listen " -- blink back . a outside camera feed -- infra-re -- a large image streak by . barne direction 's east come ! beth what be that ? barne flip a switch ... barne go active . norman Jerry ? no response . beth it look like a tentacle . of a squid . the monitor -- beeping now . barne a squid ? the size of a whale ? I do not think so . ( beat ) target acquire . sixty yard . pong . pong . pong . beth what if it attack ? barne fifty yard and close . beth what do we use for defense ? barne we be a habitat . not a castle . the only defense we have be High voltage . beth High voltage ? barne it send 200 volt throughout the cylinder surface . but we have never use it underwater before . pong . pong . pong . barne forty yard . beth but you have test it ? barne sure . each time it start fire inside the habitat . pong . pong . pong . barne thirty yard . beth what be you say -- we can not stop what 's out there ? the monitor blink : " I am coming " . the monitor blink to blank . barne what the hell ? ( bang on the monitor ) it shut we down . norman Jerry ? please . stop this . barne Ted , go into the control room . listen for my instruction . Ted go out the door . all the monitor -- blank . beth where be it ? barne why can not I -- ? what the hell be go on here ? they hear a metallic clanking . beth what be that ? barne he 's right beneath we . the monitor blink : " I am here " . CUT to : int . labratory Harry look at the fetus on the table . it suddenly slide down the table . the room be rock . on shelve -- jar , petry dish , test tube slide off shatter to the floor . int . corridor bang ! ted be throw ruthlessly against the wall . his head strike metal , split open he forehead . the wall -- cracking and groaning . water break through a crack , spread out onto the floor . int . video feed room barne ... barne Ted ? Ted ? int . control room Ted , stumble , reach for the headset ... ted Sir , we be leak ! blood drip from he forehead . int . video feed room barne increase positive pressure ! beth that 's we reserve air . barne it 's either that or we grow gill . bang ! they grip onto the console ... int . control room Ted , drousy , blood gush from he head , keep balance , search for the pressure gage . barne ( o.s. ) Ted ? Ted , be you with I ? find the gage . turn it . ted increase positive pressure . ext . habitat -- underwater AIR bubble burst out of the wall . int . corridor on the floor -- the water scurrying back through the leak in the wall . int . video feed room barne , watch the monitor . barne that 's enough ted. ( beat ) shut it off ! int . control rrom the pressure gage -- the needle rising ... on the headset -- in the air , dangle from it 's cord . barne ( o.s. ) Ted ? Ted ! on ted -- pass out on the floor . blood cover he face . int . video feed room Beth and norman bolt out the door into the hallway running . bang ! they be throw against the wall . int . control room the pressure gauge -- rise , higher , higher . int . corridor thump ! norman and Beth , lose they balance , stumbling to they foot , run ... on ted -- sliding out of the Control room , down the corridor , take by the water . Beth grab he , as norman stumble into the control room find the pressure gage , shut it off . int . video feed room bang ! barne grip he headset as he 's throw to the floor . barne norman ! norman can you hear I ? int . control room norman grab the headset , slip it on ... norman yes , sir . I be here . barne ( o.s. ) you see the lever on the green box ? Upper right hand corner ? norman see it , read it : norman High voltage Defense system . on beth -- in the hall , tend to Ted , look up at norman . int . video feed room barne you see the lever next to it ? int . control room / corridor Beth yell ... beth do not do it , norman ! barne ( o.s. ) do you see it ? on norman -- turn from Beth , to the lever . norman I see it . barne ( o.s. ) pull it . beth do not pull it , norman . it will start a fire we can not stop . norman ? barne ( o.s. ) do it , norman , it 's the only choice we have . this thing be gonna crush we . beth norman , do not do it ! bang ! the wall creaking and screeching . int . video feed room barne on the floor , a monitor crash alongside he , spitting SPARKS , flash : " I will kill you " barne do it now ! int . control room / corridor norman , sweat ... beth do not do it ! barne now ! bang ! creaking , groaning of metal . beth norman , please ! do not ! bang ! barne ( o.s. ) pull it , damn it ! on norman -- put he hand on the lever . beth norman ! he pull the lever . int . habitat down the corridor -- a loud hum from the generator . the light dimming . bang ! we hear what seem to be a squeal , as the metal rend and creak . int . video feed room a alarm sound . barne look up ... the warning board light up . barne Fire in Communications room ! int . communications room FIRE roar out from the wall ... int . corridor close on FIRE extinguisher case -- Beth whip it open , grab it . on norman -- pick up Ted , lug he awkwardly over he shoulder . on barne -- run down the corridor towards they . bang ! barne fall to the floor , take away by the water . CUT to : another case on the wall -- whip open -- Beth grab gas mask . she hear ... barne ( o.s. ) help ! she look down the corridor at ... barne -- on the floor , flail in the water , scream , as he leg be catch in a crack in the wall . desperate ... barne Beth ! help , I can not -- ! on beth -- stare at he . just watch he . not move . barne Beth ! barne -- he body fall through the crack , he head bang into the wall , stick in the crack , water choke he ... barne be -- ... try to scream , he neck ripping , snap , and he body vanish into the ocean . on beth -- cold , turn away . int . communications room FIRE blast out from the wall ... beth and norman ( still with Ted ) wear gas mask , rush into the room ... beth stay low ! Beth spray white foam on the fierce flame , lick up the side pad , smoke boil to the cieling . bang ! the room be rock . norman it will not stop . norman fall to the floor , lose Ted . ted -- slide away and under the computer console . bang ! the computer console break -- computer , monitor , fall , crushing on Ted 's leg . he scream out in agony . norman scramble towards he through the smoke when ... the console catch fire , erupt in flame . Ted underneath it . beth -- she extinguisher out of foam . norman -- run to a wall , find a extinguisher casing , it 's be bent , can not get it open . ted -- reach out in desperation as he legs catch fire . ted norman ! norman -- bash the case in with he shoulder , grab the extinguisher , turn ... ted -- he entire body on fire . bang ! norman fall , drop the extinguisher -- it roll across the floor . he reach out -- can not get it . close on ted -- he face burn ... ted norman ! nor -- bang ! the light go out . darkness norman -- watch in horror as he watch ted , light in flame , burn to death . norman -- reach for the wall for balance , grab metal , and he 's electricute . Falls backward , head first , and everything goe ... black a long beat . navy seaman ( o.s. ) Dr. Johnson ? Dr. Johnson ? int . communications room we focus in on norman , as he awaken . navy seaman , 40s , African - american , stand above he . navy seaman norman Johnson . norman do this mean what I think it mean ? navy seaman it 's over , sir , the storm have clear . norman the ship ? navy seaman ( o.s. ) they be topside . we be ready to take you home , sir . the navy seaman help norman to he foot . norman be smile , it 's over . int . hallway norman and the navy seaman walk down the hall . norman how be the other ? navy seaman the other , sir ? norman Beth and Harry ? navy seaman they be in the sub , sir . wait . norman sigh , smile . the relief , the jubilation . norman that whole time -- I could not stop think of what Harry be say earlier ... navy seaman what be that , sir ? norman about the time paradox . ( the seaman nodd ) how we be all go to die -- that there be no way we would make it out of here alive -- as norman look up , the navy seaman , still walk and nodd , begin to slowly disappear . disintigrate . vanishing before he eye . norman stop , look around he . he 's go . int . video feed room norman watch on a monitor -- the video of he walk down the hall , the navy seaman walk next to he . norman ( o.s. ) ... how we be all go to die -- that there be no way we would make it out of here alive -- on the monitor -- the seaman disapper . norman stop tape . look over at the monitor show the sphere . it be close . the screen go black . flashes up : " hello norman " norman Jerry ? " yes norman " norman Jerry , do you create that man ? " the entity navy seaman be a manifestation . do you have a happy talk ? " norman Jerry , be you manifest what 's destroy we habitat ? " do you have a happy talk ? " norman Jerry , answer I . " no . " norman Jerry ? a beat . " stop call I Jerry " the monitor shut off . norman look over at another monitor lable " airlock feed " . on the screen -- Beth be put on she jumpsuit . int . airlock reflected in the pool of water -- we see Beth , slip on she boot . norman ( o.s. ) where be you go in such a hurry ? beth I have to reset the sub . norman stand in the doorway ... norman forget the sub . beth do not bother I , norman . norman it 's not worth the risk . beth it 's also we only way out of here ! it hold three people . and there 's only three of we leave now . norman you , I and Harry ? beth you , I and Harry . he 's asleep . norman wake he , then . let 's go . get outta -- beth we can not . the storm . the wave would toss we around worse than we get down here . and we have four day of decompression when we get up top . norman four day ? beth get the helium out of we bloodstream . we go to the surface now , we would pop like a soda bottle . she begin to put on she helmet , when she stop . beth maybe you should go . to the sub . norman why should I go ? beth you should know how it work . just in case . norman in case you die , too ? beth I do not trust Harry to do it . norman I would . but my suit -- beth I fix you suit . she go to it . bring it to he . norman ( watch she closely ) you fix my suit ? beth you do not trust I ? norman but I do not know how -- beth you press a button , norman . it 's not brain surgery . here , go ahead . you only have 15 minute to reset it . go on , norman ... she hand he a briefcase , the tape inside . beth ... I will watch the sensor for you . ext . underwater norman drop to the bottom with the briefcase . land on the ground . breathing . check he life support badge . she must have fix it . beth you be clear , norman . he walk along , out from under the habitat . carefully , look around . beth ( o.s. ) the sub 's a 100 foot in front of you . you see it ? norman I can not see anything . how do it look ? still clear ? beth ( o.s. ) still clear . norman , hesitantly , venture out . the dark water . look around . anything could be out here . walk . we hear he breathing . his breathing get short . he look at he life support badge . beth ( o.s. ) what 's the matter ? norman you fix this suit ? ( no reply ) Beth ? beth ( o.s. ) yes , norman . I do . you be just nervous . norman my air be not ... I be come back . beth ( o.s. ) you can not . counter 's at 10 minute . you do not have time . his breathing be short , but managable . he continue on . ahead of he -- the dome hanger attach to a large , gray cylinder , forty foot high . norman still clear ? beth ( o.s. ) still clear . underneath the dome hanger -- norman climb up to the hatch door . look below he . nothing around he . he spin the wheel , and push the hatch OPEN . lift himself up , awkwardly . grab handhold , and pull himself up into the pocket of AIR trap inside the dome . the sub -- in front of he . he find the hatch , open it , climb inside the sub . int . sub norman sit in the small seat . norman I be in . ( beat ) hello ? no answer . he bang at he helmet ... norman Beth ? he search the sub 's control panel . gadget , switch , button . up top -- a flash red-lit button : " timer hold " . punch it . it stop flash , and a small screen glow : " timer reset -- count : 12:00:00 " . it begin count backwards . norman Beth ? hello ? no answer . he look at the Control panel : a video screen with the choice : " descend , ascend , secure , shutdown ... " thump ! the sub slightly sways . norman sit still , nervous . thump ! harder this time . norman look through the glass windshield . sweating . can not see anything in here . bang ! it sways faster , harder , back and forth . he grip the seat . norman Beth ! Beth ! there 's something -- ! thump ! bang ! he 's throw around in the sub . he can not see anything , toss around . he reach for the doorhandle . bang ! he loose grip , he leg fly up in the air . the sub almost turn over on it 's side . norman Beth ! shit ! his helmet bang into the glass , we see he look of terror . Water splashing up from below . then , everything stop . the sub sways to a still . he sit quietly . wait . listen . reaches for the doorhandle , cautiously climb out . stands on top of the sub . keeping balance . he look around , find a door inside the dome . tries to open it . lock . look around . nothing else . look down at the water . can he risk it ? his breathing short . norman Beth ? can you hear I ? no reply . he dip he leg slowly , quietly into the water . grimace . then , cautiously slip down into the water ... ext . underwater close on he face -- terrify . look everywhere . search . do not see anything . land on the bottom . his life support badge beep . shortness of breath . he walk , try to run , out from under the dome hanger . the dark water . can not see anything . scare to death . norman Beth ? Beth ? shit . the habitat -- ahead of he . norman go to a stanchion . grip onto it . twist around . look . search . do not see anything . life support badge bleep faster . barely breathing . harry ( o.s. ) ... you there ? norman ? norman Harry ? harry ( o.s. ) norman , where be you ? norman I can not breathe ... be I ... clear ? harry ( o.s. ) you be clear . you see the airlock ? norman , twist around , and as he do ... a sea snake hiss at he faceplate . norman scream . on he hand -- hold the snake , not the girder , let go . harry ( o.s. ) norman ! norman fall ... look up : the snake wrap around the stanchion , slithering between the grid-like post . the snake' head come at norman , as he fall to the ocean bottom . backpeddale on he arm and foot . the snake , hissing , come at he . it 's long tongue flick at he , inch from he faceplate . norman backpeddal , can not breathe , the snake come down on he , norman fall on he back , the tongue whipping across he faceplate , when ... norman be whisk up . harry have he by the collar of he suit . take he up . int . airlock they burst out of the water . Harry throw norman onto the floor . unhook he helmet -- norman breathes , fast and furious . int . corridor norman , panting , walk with Harry ... norman thank you . my suit -- Beth say she fix it -- harry what happen to she ? norman what do you mean ? she 's not here ? harry when I wake up , nobody be here . norman she be suppose to be watch the sensor for I . harry her suit 's go . norman Beth leave ? harry I think she be with you . int . video feed room norman and Harry at the mic ... beth ( o.s. ) ... what do you mean ? I be in the ship . norman what be you do in the ship ? ( beat ) Beth ? beth ( o.s. ) get food . we be out of food . what 's wrong ? you sound mad . norman yeah , well , I get that way when I be face death and someone desert I . beth ( o.s. ) desert you ? Harry say he would take over for I . norman he what ? Harry shake he head : " no way " . beth ( o.s. ) when he wake up , he say we be out of food . he tell I to get some from the ship . harry I never say that . beth ( o.s. ) yes you do . norman , I would not leave you out there . you know that . harry we never even have a conversation , norman . beth ( o.s. ) Harry ? that 's bullshit . we stand right there -- Harry cover the mic ... harry she 's crack , norman . norman you do not say that about the food ? harry I be just in the cafeteria , there 's plenty of food in there . take a look for yourself . norman but why would she -- ? harry she 's lie , norman . just like she lie about fix you suit . Harry uncover the mic ... beth ( o.s. ) you get it straighten out ? norman I think so , Beth . yes . int . cafeteria norman , sit at a table , eat a couple piece of cold chicken . a salad , some fruit , and box of cracker on the table . Beth walk in , carry a bag of food . beth what 's Harry do with you suit in there ? norman fix it . beth fix it ? but I fix -- ( notice the food ) where would you get all that ? norman the refridgerator . beth the refridgerator . norman it 's a pretty common place to look for food when you do not think you have any . beth that be not in there before . norman we must have have it deliver then . beth wait a second -- norman 1- 800 - deepsea delivery . I hear they be good . beth none of this be here before . norman do you look ? it be on the top shelf . beth no , it be not . I swear none of this be here . none of it . ( beat ) you think he hide it ? earlier . he must have hide it . norman you think ? beth you do not believe I . norman all I know be I open that refridgerator -- beth damn it , norman . I swear . I have a whole conversation with the man when he wake up . norman this be after you so carefully fix my suit . beth you think it 's I ? you think I be say there be a conversation when there be not ? norman I do not know , Beth . I be not there . beth damn it , norman ! he 's lie . do not you get it ? there be something seriously fuck up go on here -- and he 's cause it . why can not you believe I ? to her left -- she look -- harry be stand in a doorway , cold , hold norman 's jumpsuit . he turn away . on beth -- look back at norman , tear roll down she eye . CUT to : int . airlock Harry neatly hang norman 's jumpsuit under the hook lable : " johnson " . smoothen it out for he . CUT to : int . cafeteria on beth -- sit at a table , she face in she hand . on norman -- look at she , as he close a box of cracker . wrap cellophane over the chicken . walk with it over to the refridgerator . open it , place the chicken inside ... but he can not . inside the refridgerator be book -- neatly line up on each of the shelf . norman -- back away . what the hell ? norman now look at the cupboard . go to they . inside the cupboard book , neatly stack . norman , panic , open each of the cupboard , all of they with book . all of the book be the same . entitle : " 20,000 leagues under the Sea by Jules verne . " norman look over at Beth . beth what be it , norman ? norman ? she come to he . he stand there , bewilder , scared , mind racing . beth norman ? norman pace , frantic almost , run he hand through he hair , try to think . stops. turn to Beth . norman page 87 . beth what ? norman page 87 . " I could never read that far . " norman quickly pluck a book from a shelf , turn page , get to page 87 . read ... norman " we fisherman frequently see some that be more than four foot long . some skeleton of squid ... beth squid ? norman " ... accord to calculation of some naturalist , one of this animal , only six foot long , would have tentacles 27 foot long . that would make a formidable monster . " he look up from the book , realize something ... beth norman ? snap the book close . CUT to : int . live quarter close on harry dufflebag -- norman rifle through notebook . turn page . tear off the first Jerry transmission . Beth , stand at the doorway , keep watch down the hall . beth norman , what be it ? norman grab Harry 's yellow pad of paper . CUT to : there feet -- scurrying through the water soak corridor . norman usher she into the Control room . look around . shut the door . CUT to : int . control room norman scribble on the printout , glance at the yellow pad of paper ... norman after the attack , a navy guy wake I up -- I do not know -- I think he be a illusion . but I check the tape , and Jerry say he manifest he . beth manifested ? norman created . bring to life . I do not know . but at the end , Jerry say , " stop call I Jerry " . and -- norman stop , stare at the pad . norman he translate it wrong . beth what ? norman pick up the pad of paper , read ... norman hello . how be you ? I be fine . what be you name ?... my name be Harry . CUT to : int . corridor Harry be walk towards the live quarter ... norman ( o.s. ) remember when we first speak to Jerry , barne keep ask for Jerry 's real name ? but Harry never would ? he do not because he be afraid the screen would say " Harry " , instead of Jerry . we be not talk to a alien intelligence when we talk to Jerry , we be talk to Harry ... or a part of Harry . beth ( o.s. ) what do you mean , a part of Harry ? back in -- control room norman when do the message start ? the animal outside start show up ? after Harry come out of the sphere . beth you think , in the sphere -- norman he acquire some sort of power . a power to manifest thing . beth but how ? norman I do not know . beth how can the sphere do that ? norman I do not know , Beth . I be not the fuck alien that build the thing . but it can . when Harry come out of the sphere , he mumble something about page 87 . how he would never read that far -- he be too scared to . then you find the book , remember in you lab . then in the cafeteria -- and page 87 talk about a giant squid ... beth which I tell barne be attack -- norman it 's he fear . the squid . he 's manifest he fear . make they real . beth but why be he do it ? norman he must not realize he be . like the navy crewman -- Harry be sleep then . he must have manifest he dream . beth his dream ? you can not control you dream . and you can not control you fear , can you ? norman ( shaking he head ) no . I mean , we have always believe we can think anything we want without consequence . you ever read the Bible ? ( off she look ) it talk about we sinful nature , you know ? I mean , we can think , and believe , and desire whatever we want , but there 's a part of we -- a shadow side , as jung call it -- that can not be control . it 's evil . it 's inside we . it 's what we be . CUT to : in -- the live quarter it 's dark . Harry lie on he bunk , asleep . beth ( o.s. ) and that 's the part of Harry that 's be manifest . norman ( o.s. ) must be . and if it be -- it 's a part of he not even he can control . Harry open he eye , stare at we . we begin to hear a low insistent beeping ... int . video feed room on screen -- a transmission come across ... " cqx vdx mop lki ... " Beth and norman watch ... norman look like some sort of code . beth why would Harry go back to use a code ? harry ( o.s. ) you mean Jerry , do not you ? Harry lean against the doorframe , enter the room . beth Jerry . right . I say Jerry , do not I ? harry that 's a hell of a mistake to make , Beth . beth I be sorry . slip of the tongue . harry yeah , I do not know how you could make that confusion . norman watch they ... harry Wisconsin 's you answer . norman Wisconsin ? harry ( off screen ) navy transmission . they be send from Wisconsin . norman how do we decode it ? harry do not have to . watch . it will do it for you . the screen -- jumbling it 's letter until finally ... " surface support vessel to you location eta : 1600 hour . end . " norman and Beth smile ... norman the cavalry be on it 's way . the screen -- " 16:00:00 " ... it begin decend in count . beth just in time , too . harry in time for what ? beth what ? harry just in time for what ? Beth , nervous , try to cover ... beth we habitat , I mean . this place can not handle another attack . harry another attack ? a long beat , as Beth stare at Harry . harry why be you look at I like that ? beth like what ? I be not -- harry you be stare at I . beth no I be not . I be not star -- harry yes you be ... Harry look at both of they , suspiciously ... harry do I miss something ? you two seem to patch thing up awfully fast . a tense beat . norman we just figure , you know , the three of we -- we need to ... work together through this . harry the three of we . norman that 's right . harry ( beat ) be that why the two of you go through my dufflebag ? norman glance at the screen behind Harry : " I will kill you all . " int . labratory close on the medical cabinet -- whipping open . norman quickly dig through the medicine ... norman diphenyl parlene . beth ( o.s. ) something for burn . norman ephedrine hydrochloride . Beth at the computer , look up the name ... beth it 's for motion sickness . norman valdomet . beth ulcer . norman sintag . beth a synthetic opium analogue . norman do it cause drowsiness ? that 's all we need . to get he unconscious -- put he under . beth nothing about drowsiness . norman tarazine ? beth tranquilizer . cause drowsiness . norman bingo . beth " ... and may also cause bizarre halucination " . norman throw it on the floor . pick another ... norman riordan ? beth antihistamine . for bite . norman damn it ! chloramphenicol ? beth antibiotic . norman parasolutrine ? beth how do you spell it ? norman p-a-r-a-s-o... beth it 's a soporific . norman what 's that ? beth cause sleep . norman it 's like a sleep pill ? beth " ... use as a anesthetic if give in combination with paracin trichloride ... " norman dig , find paracin trichloride ... norman here we go . CUT to : beth -- mixing the medicine ... norman ( o.s. ) ( read from the computer ) " 20 cc 's of parasolutrine in combination with 6 cc 's of paracin give iv produce deep sleep suitable for emergency surgical procedure ... no cardiac side effect ... rem activity be surpress ... " beth how long do it last ? norman Three to six hour . beth I will just boost the dose . norman what ? wait -- be not that dangerous ? beth how fast do it take effect ? norman do not say . beth what if it take 20 minute , norman ? what if it take a hour ? and he can fight it off ? we can not afford that . Beth go to the cabinet , grab another medicine . norman come over as she add it to the mix ... norman what be that ? what be you do ? what do you want to do -- kill he ? a beat ... beth it 's a idea . norman Beth -- beth to be on the safe side . I mean -- norman you want to kill he ? beth look , it 's either he or we , norman . another attack , and we go down with this place . she fill the large syringe with the clear liquid mix . beth you ever give a injection before . norman thirty year ago . in residency . I pass out . you ? beth only lab rat . here . she hand he the syringe ... beth give he the whole thing . hurry , before he wake up . norman look at the syringe , like it 's a assault rifle . norman where do I stick it ? CUT to : int . live quarter Harry sleep on he bunk . the door to the room be close . int . cafeteria norman spiral down the stairway from the lab . hurrying through the dark cafeteria , the syringe at he side . into the hallway shuffle down the corridor , nervously . glancing at the syringe . round a corner and sees in front of the live quarter ... two african - american navy crewmen -- stand guard of the door . norman stop , hide behind the wall . CUT to : int . labratory norman come in ... norman he 's get farrakahn 's army stand guard . what 's plan b? suddenly , bang ! the room shake . shelves fall . cabinet door swing open . norman fall to the floor . the computer monitor -- crash down in front of he face . it read : " I will kill you all " int . corridor norman and Beth run ... beth Harry ! bang ! Water shoot through the wall . gush out onto the floor . the wall cracking . on harry -- run out of he room ... harry what be it ? norman you know what it be , Harry . bang ! they lose they balance , still run ... norman it 's the squid ! stop it ! harry stop what ? what be you -- ? bang ! another crack -- water gush inside . norman you know damn well what . you be do it ! norman grab Harry , push he up against the wall . harry do what ? I be not do anything -- ! Beth take the syringe from she palm , and stab Harry in the shoulder . he scream in horrifying pain , fading over into ... int . another corridor quiet now . int . cafeteria norman and Beth sit at a table , sip coffee . norman I be sorry . beth for what ? norman not believe you . beth you be not sorry . you be scared . ( beat ) you be a psychologist , norman . you pride yourself on know when someone 's lie to you , not tell you the truth . and now you be scared ... because you be not sure you can tell anymore . on norman -- watch she , size she up . int . video feed room -- later on harry -- lie on a stretcher in the corner , propped up with pillow and a blanket . a iv in he arm . norman -- at the console , stare at the monitor of the sphere . a long beat . his reflection stare back at he . he slip on the headset ... norman Beth ? int . live quarter the room be empty . norman ( o.s. ) Beth ? int . corridor empty . norman ( o.s. ) can you copy ? int . airlock on the jumpsuit hanger -- the jumpsuit under the name " dr . beth halperin " be miss . norman ( o.s. ) Beth ? int . video feed room norman at the mic ... beth ( o.s. ) what be it , norman ? norman where be you ? beth ( o.s. ) in the sub . resetting the timer . why ? on the monitor -- Beth sit in the sub . norman the sphere look different . beth ( o.s. ) what do you mean , different ? norman the groove around the door -- they have shift . and the pattern -- the fluid -- they look darker now . beth ( o.s. ) ( beat ) how 's Harry ? on harry -- the iv in he arm . norman he 's fine . CUT to : close on a monitor : " 12:30:00 " ... descend in count . CUT to : int . cafeteria norman pour himself more coffee , alone . CUT to : int . airlock Beth 's suit still go . CUT to : int . video feed room Harry lie on the stretcher , still . norman watch he from above , sip he coffee . hear a soft beeping norman go to the console , sit . check the monitor . look around the console , not know what it be . a flashing light on the sensor board . norman still do not know what it mean . the monitor go blank . norman Beth -- the monitor flash up : " I am coming . " norman spin around , go to harry -- lie still . norman grab Harry 's wrist . check pulse . norman return to the console , slip on the headset ... norman Beth ? Beth ? can you hear I ? get the hell out of there . the monitor boot up again . norman look at the sub video monitor -- the sub be go from under the dome . norman Beth ? ( beat ) Beth ? shit . no reply . more beeping . panick . Bangs on the headset . norman Beth ? I be get some sort of read . there 's something -- he scan the monitor , look for movement . anything . they be all still . norman turn to look at Harry ... close on harry face -- still . back on -- norman , sweat ... norman and whatever it be , it 's not come from Harry . norman look at the monitor : on a outside camera feed -- a bright light blind the screen . it 's Beth in the sub , move along the habitat . the sub 's claw arm carry large red box . the lettering on the box be not in focus . norman squint at the monitor -- can not make it out . norman Beth ? what be that ? what be you do ? the sub 's claw arm drop one of the box , plump it softly on the muddy floor . norman can you hear I ? Beth ? can you copy ? get inside , there 's something out there . on another monitor -- the sub move forward . churn up the sediment . it stop again , and release another box . norman bang on the headset . norman damn it , Beth , I know you hear I . the monitor blink : " I am coming for you " on norman -- breathe heavy . norman what the hell ? another monitor -- the sub in view -- a closer view . it release it 's last box . norman can read the lettering now : " caution : tevac explosive " norman Beth ? c'mon . what be you -- ? the monitor flash : " I will kill you " norman oh shit . norman whip off he headset , burst out of he seat , open a cabinet . search for tape . another cabinet . then another . a shelf lable : " sphere " -- all the tape be go . norman it 's she . the monitor flash : " I will kill you " on the headset -- rest on the console . we hear faintly ... beth ( o.s. ) norman ? norman ? int . corridor norman push Harry and he iv down the corridor . hurrying . a inch or two of water on the floor . int . live quarter close on a metal case -- lable : " Captain harold barne . " norman bang it against the wall , try to bust the lock . banging . banging . break the lock . dig inside the case . pull out a gun . int . another corridor norman push Harry and the iv stand . wheel he into ... bathroom / sink area norman stop . turn off the main light . the room go dark . the florescent light above the sink stay on . norman wheel Harry inside , place he by a wall . check the iv . norman go to a stall . step inside . keeps the stall door open . can still see Harry about 10 foot away . norman look at the gun . cock it . pinches he finger . norman ouch . he wait . listen . a faint high - pitched hissing SOUND norman look over at the sink . a faucet be on . Water hissing faintly from it . norman ignore it . wait in the dark . listen . on the faucet -- the water run . on norman -- look at it . can not ignore it . tries . but can not . norman walk quietly through the inch of water on the floor . over to the sink the light above they on . norman turn the faucet off . the water stop . but the hissing SOUND remain . norman look at the faucet , queerly . turn it back on . then off . the hissing SOUND still there . it be not the water . norman look down at he foot ... the floor -- seem to be move . something swim in the water . close on norman' pantleg -- a long , tubular sea snake slither up inside he pantleg , hissing . his pants bulging as the snake slowly slide up past he knee . hissing louder as more snake come through the crack in the wall . norman watch with horror in the mirror in front of he as the snake slither up to he groin , and across the inside of he shirt . another snake begin wrapping itself around the outside of norman , slide up around he neck . we hear footstep come from down the hall norman , stand still , watch as more snake crawl up he side , slithering around he arm , he shoulder , he neck , under he chin , over he face . they fork tongue flicking and hissing . beth ( o.s. ) what time be it , norman ? norman look in the mirror -- as Beth come up behind he in she jumpsuit . beth do you know the time ? norman glare at she in the mirror . his body stiff . beth I have to know the time of day , norman . do you know ? snake cover he eye , slithering across he mouth . norman ( through he tooth ) you watch . a snake flick it 's tongue at norman 's lip . try to get inside he mouth . beth what be that ? I could not hear you . norman you watch . beth oh yes , my watch . I almost forget . she look at she watch . beth splendid . she begin grab the snake off of he , carefully drop they to the ground . snake writhe in she hand , twisted around she wrist . shake they off . some drop in the sink . she bend out of view -- and the snake inside norman 's shirt , move back down the way it come . past he stomach , he groin . norman heave from he chest , vomit on the mirror ... CUT to : int . cafeteria close on a pot -- pour a white , milkish drink into a cup . Beth walk it over to norman , sit at a table , look ill . beth isotonic glucose supplement . norman look at the cup . beth go ahead , drink it . norman place the cup down . beth what 's wrong , norman ? norman I be feel better . beth be you ? Beth take a seat . stare at he . a long beat . beth it 's get cold . norman you think I would really drink that ? beth you do not think I put something in it , do you ? norman you put explosive around the habitat , I can not imagine what you would put in a drink . beth I do do that , do not I ? a beat . she pick up the drink , and begin sip it . norman watch she . norman how do you feel about snake ? beth snake ? what do you mean , exactly ? norman you know what I mean . beth be I afraid of they ? not during the day . Sea snake be diurnal . when the sun 's out , they do not bite . fortunately for you , I have on my watch . ( off cup ) this be quite good . norman what be they do down here ? in the bathroom ? suddenly appear . beth you tell I . norman do you fear they ? beth do not you ? norman be you manifest they ? beth if I be , then I would have have to have go in the sphere , would not I ? norman do you ? beth what 's the phrase -- " keep up with the jonese " ? norman why do you go in the sphere , Beth ? beth same reason I put explosive around the habitat . for defense . for the power . to protect myself . norman against what ? Harry 's unconscious . he 's not a threat . beth no , he be not . norman he can not manifest . beth no , he can not . norman then why , Beth ? why go in ? why put out explosive ? why manifest the snake ? beth you think I manifest the snake ? norman someone do . beth yes , someone do . but it be not I , norman . ( beat ) it be you . you manifest the snake . a long beat between they . norman Beth you be lose it . c'mon . beth c'mon -- what ? norman you be lie -- beth be I lie ? be you sure ? be you absolutely sure I be lie ? ( off he look ) then explain to I about the jellyfish . earlier . why do we see jellyfish ? Harry do not fear jellyfish . you do . they be you fear , be not they ? norman but -- beth and the snake ? you want to know about the snake ? you see one outside earlier , do not you ? when you think I have desert you -- you be terrify . norman ( realize ) that 's when you go in the sphere . beth one lonely , terrifying sea snake . norman you manifest that , Beth . beth do I ? or be that you ? ( beat ) when you be hide in the bathroom -- all conspiratorially like you be -- you become frighten , do not you ? terrify . like you be with the snake earlier -- and suddenly you have snake slithering all over the floor . you do that , norman . norman you be insane . beth be I ? or be I make so much sense that you be go insane ? norman I never go in that sphere . beth you do not remember you do . but I be sure you remember run like some fuck hero to get Harry , do not you ? you remember that . norman yes . beth you remember before you pick he up -- when you look up at the sphere , you remember that -- when the sphere open ? ( off he look ) that 's right . but you can not remember go inside , can you ? no , of course not . Harry could not either , could he ? " like everything 's on the tip of my tongue " , he say . norman that 's bullshit . beth be it ? norman Beth , the message say Harry . " my name be Harry " . my name be not Harry . beth no , it be not . you name be norman . but you young brother -- what be he name ? the one who be stung when you be young . the one that die . the one you could not save . what be he name ? ( imitate ) " mommy , we be go out to the ocean -- to go swim . " " but I do not want to go swim , norman . I be scared . " " c'mon , Harry , it will be fine , it will be fun . " ( resume ) you heartless fuck . that 's why you be so scared of the water , be not it ? norman shut up , Beth -- beth when you be in that sub -- and that squid be attack you -- be you sure it be the squid that be attack ? do you know ? " I can not get Beth on the radio . I be in this tiny sub on the bottom of the fuck ocean . all alone . surrounded by all this water . " be it really the squid that be attack you , norman -- or be it something else -- one of you fear ? you never really see what it be , do you ? norman stare up at she , frighten . be she right ? beth I be not scare you , be I norman ? I hope I be not frightening you . the last thing I want to do be frighten you . you feel okay , do not you ? norman it 's not I , Beth . I swear . it can not be . beth " it 's not I , Beth . it 's not I . it can not be . I be not do anything . " just like Harry say before I stab he with the needle . norman look at she palm -- sees the needle in she hand . norman back up , away . norman do not , Beth . beth but I have to , norman . norman I promise -- beth promise what , norman ? tell I ! norman Beth -- beth you think I would belive you ? believe anything you might say now ? after you lie to I about tell barne about my past . about my problem . my problem . not yours . not he . mine . norman do not , Beth . please . beth it 's either this ... or I kill you . the gun in she other hand . norman Beth -- she come at he , needle in hand ... beth it 's you choice . because it 's not safe for you to be awake . to be walk around . to be think about thing . norman it 's not safe for you to be either . beth you think I care ? you think I care if I die ? ( almost laugh ) would I put explosive around the habitat -- set on vibration sensor -- that can trigger automatically , if I care about myself ? would I ? I have try twice before , norman , why would not I try a third time ? I be not think about myself -- no , norman , I be think about you . you safety . protect you from you own self . she lunge at he with the needle , miss . he run for the spiral staircase lead to the lab . norman grab the handrail , begin climb the stair . Beth 's at he foot , grab for he ankle . beth norman ! I be do this for you , norman . he frantically crawl up the stair , she grasp at he heel . beth norman . climb , climb -- round and round -- the stair never seem to end . he look up : the stair -- expand in front of he , strangely increase in number . he climb , racing , panting . Beth , right behind he , laugh almost . beth come here , norman . she grab he ankle . she raise the needle . norman turn , kick she in the face . she wail , blood spitting from she nose . climb , climb . the stair increase above . he lunge for the top step , grab it . pull himself up ... into the lab scramble . he stare down at Beth -- the gun point at he . beth norman -- he slam the hatch door , on top of she , bashing she head down . he hold the door close . try to regain he breath . beth ( o.s. ) this be what I be talk about , norman . do not you see ? it 's in you . this vindictiveness . this rage . norman get away from the door , Beth . he slide a heavy file cabinet over on top of the door . beth ( o.s. ) oh , norman , I do not want to come in ... the door 's metal pivot turn ... CUT to : on beth -- on the stair , spin the door 's wheel ... beth ... I want to lock you in . CUT to : int . labratory norman stare at the wheel . click ! it 's lock from the outside . norman fall to he knee . panting . CUT to : int . labratory -- later close on a surveillance video camera -- in the upper corner of the room . beth ( o.s. ) you be a psychologist , norman . you of all people , do not want to admit to you shadow side ... CUT to : int . video feed room on a monitor -- we see norman -- sit in a corner of the lab , stare up at US . beth ( o.s. ) ... you have a professional stake in believe in you own mental health , do not you ? do not you , norman ?... CUT to : int . labratory norman , huddle on the floor . beth ( o.s. ) of course you be go to deny it . you want to blame someone else . you want to blame Beth . because you hate Beth . norman do not fuck with I , Beth . beth ( o.s. ) I be not fuck with you , norman . you have fuck yourself . norman jump up , look at the ground -- water on the floor . rising in level . norman turn off the water , Beth . the entire floor be cover in water , rise higher , and rise fast . norman Beth ! beth ( o.s. ) you be frighten , be not you , norman ? norman , wading through the water , search ... norman where be it come from , Beth ? beth ( o.s. ) do not you know ? rising higher ... norman Beth , stop it ! beth stop what ? do not blame I . it 's not I . norman frantically check for a crack , a leak . norman then where 's it come from ? beth ( o.s. ) from you , norman . from you mind . you be do it . it 's up to he waist . he climb on top a lab bench . put he hand to he temple , strain . we hear Beth laugh . a specimen bottle -- explode right next to he . beth ( o.s. ) there 's no ventalation in the room , norman . the pressure 's go to kill you . another bottle shatter , shoot fragment of glass across the room . norman stop it ! beth ( o.s. ) it 's you , norman . you fear of drown . you have to face it . microscope lense crack . bottle , test tube , dish expolde . beth ( o.s. ) c'mon , norman . let I put you under . before you kill yourself ! shatter ! crack ! bottle float in the water pop ! the water too high -- norman swim in it now , keep afloat . his face strain from the pressure . he look at the camera in the corner ... beth ( o.s. ) it 's over , norman . next to the camera , he sees the hatch door in the ceiling . beth ( o.s. ) do not even think it . you do not have you suit , norman . the water will freeze you . he reach up at the door . can not get it . the water rise . he dive down in the water ... underwater he swim to a cabinet near the floor , open it , search , thing float out -- a oxygen cylinder and mask -- he grab it . CUT to : norman' face -- burst above water level , slip on the mask , breathes . beth ( o.s. ) it will not help , norman . you body be boyant . you be gonna shoot right to the surface and explode , norman . do not you get it ? it 's over . he breathes a last breath , reach up to the ceiling hatch door , spin it . beth ( o.s. ) norman , what be you do ! you be insa -- the door open and water gush inside . he grab the frame of the door , and he body shoot up through the hole ... CUT to : ext . ocean -- underwater his body upside down , he hand hold onto the frame . he grab a pipe next to it , pull himself hand over hand , along the pipe . he face -- strain from the freezing chill . moving along the pipe , hand over hand . he lose grip . his body thrust upwards . close on he right hand -- purple , freeze , hold onto the pipe . barely grip . he face -- he eye flutter . he blow air from he mouth , bubble burst from he lip . he body slightly descend . he left hand -- grip the pipe . he continue on . hand over hand . pull himself ... under the habitat he sees the airlock in front of he . he scoot along , but slower , now . he stop . can not continue . he clasp he hand to he chest , it 's burn . he sees the airlock . his eye flutter , he 's lose consciousness . he can not do it . and he let go of the pipe . floating upward -- be he go ? he head -- bang into the habitat floor . his body flat underneath it . be suck upwards against it . he push forward ... try to grab the floor with he hand . he 's inch from the airlock . plant he foot against the wall -- and push forward . his body sucked up and away ... CUT to : int . airlock ... his head burst above the water level , big breath . gasping . he flail he arm over to the ladder . grip the ladder , but he hand be like ice . can not hold it . he slip . flail in the water . he heave he chest over the metal rim . twist he leg around , out of the water , and flop he body onto the deck . shiver . tries to get up . Falls over . his body shaking . his lip purple . his eye barely open , look at ... he jumpsuit -- hang on the wall . norman crawl toward the suit , he body shaking violently . he reach out for he boot on the floor . can not grip they . inch he head toward he suit , try to bite at he suit , but he teeth chatter . beth ( o.s. ) I know what you be do , norman . but you can not save yourself . he grip the wall , he hand pull he up . he rip he suit off the hanger . beth ( o.s. ) it 's over , norman . it 's all over . slip on he suit , he hear a man' voice ... man ( o.s. ) you attention , please . you attention , please . all construction personnel clear the blast area now . tevac explosive be now activate . countdown beginning . Mark 15 minute , and count . on norman -- as he slip on he helmet , he tooth -- chatter . CUT to : close on the airlock hatch door -- norman try to open it . beth ( o.s. ) ( through norman 's helmet ) lock . do not try , norman . you can not get in . I will not let you in . norman turn , dive back in the water . CUT to : underwater norman swim out from under the habitat . look around at the cylinder , the wall . go to the outside of a wall . look for a crack , a leak , a way in . to he left -- barne ' body , float , hook to the wall . norman go to he . sees the crack . climb inside . struggle through the crack , careful not to rip he suit . CUT to : int . corridor flooded to the top with water . completely fill . norman emerge through the crack . move down the hall . a BOX of corn flake float by he faceplate . beth ( o.s. ) norman , where be you ? I can not see you , norman . tell I where you be . norman pull at the cylinder 's hatch door . he hear faintly through he helmet ... man ( o.s. ) twelve minute , and count . he open the door . slip inside , the water go with he . CUT to : int . video feed room beep ! beep ! beep ! a screen -- flash : " D cylinder hatch door -- OPEN " the chair in front of the console -- spin , empty . Beth just leave . CUT to : int . corridor norman close the door . run . down the corridor ... CUT to : int . bathroom -sink area norman duck inside . the stretcher , the iv -- empty . Harry 's not there . CUT to : int . another corridor on norman -- run . man ( o.s. ) eleven minute , and count . please evacuate . norman Beth ? can you hear I ? ( no reply ) Beth . int . video feed room norman run inside ... the chair , stop it 's spin . beep ! beep ! beep ! the monitor -- flash : " B cylinder -- door OPEN " . norman 's out the door . CUT to : int . corridor norman , run . sees the B cylinder door . go to it . spin it , open . CUT to : int . B cylinder norman climb inside , take off he helmet . the cylinder -- a maze of pipe and equipment . heaters , control , and wire everywhere . difficult to see . through pipe we see norman -- walk through the cylinder . holding he helmet at he hip . norman Beth ? beth ( o.s. ) leave I alone , norman . he go to she voice in the back . past pipe , equipment . norman I can not do that . on beth -- huddle in the back corner , wedge among pipe . her eye red . holding the gun in she hand . point at norman as he sees she through the pipe . abover her head -- a computer screen , read : " detonation sequence 09:32 " ... descend in count . norman stare up at the screen , concentrate . beth you can not stop it , norman . you can not fight I . norman I know . you be too strong , Beth . beth oh please , do not shrink I , norman . not now . norman I -- beth do not tell I about I . I already know too much . norman Beth -- gimme the gun . beth oh , sure . here . anything else , Beth can get you ? some more chicken , perhaps . let Beth check the fridge . norman c'mon -- beth top shelf , be it ? norman let 's get out of here , Beth . let 's go home . she see her reflection on a piece of broken glass on the floor . she put she finger to she matte hair , try to comb it . over the intercom ... man ( o.s. ) nine minute , and count . norman c'mon , Beth . on the gun -- we see Beth 's wrist . the two scar . beth it 's over , norman . go on , get outta here . norman walk toward she . Beth freak ... beth what be that ? what be you do ? norman what ? beth you hear that ? norman hear what ? beth get away from I ! norman Beth -- beth get away -- bam ! from behind she -- Harry -- whack Beth across the head with a wrench , send she to the ground . norman go to she , check she pulse . harry do I kill she ? norman I do not think so . harry I could hit she a little harder . more toward the cranium . norman stare at the number on the screen above he . harry if she 's still conscious , you can not fight she . you can not stop the number . over the intercom ... man ( o.s. ) eight minute and count . harry killing she 's the only way -- norman hey ! look ! we do not kill you , alright ? and believe I Harry , I would have find great pleasure in bashing you head in . norman rip off a piece of she t-shirt , tie it to the wound around she head . harry Fine . norman help I lift she . int . corridor norman , carry Beth in he arm , race awkwardly down the hall ... harry we be never gonna make it . norman shut up and open the door . Harry do . int . airlock Harry , in he suit now , help norman slip on Beth 's boot and jumpsuit . harry how much time you figure to get to the surface ? norman two and a half minute . once we be in the sub . harry how far away 's the sub ? man ( o.s. ) six minute and count . norman a little less than six minute . ext . underwater norman carry Beth on he back , hurry through the water . man ( o.s. ) five minute . I repeat five minute to detonation . CUT to : ext . underwater underneath the sub' dome hanger norman try to climb up the ladder with Beth on he back . she fall off , deadweight to the ground . norman shit. ( pick she up ) Harry ! I be gonna have to lift she up to you . Harry lean down from the sub 's airlock ... harry alright . hurry . norman push she up to he , but she bend at the waist . harry I can not reach she . norman hold on . norman flop she up in the air , but she bend again at the waist . harry push she , c'mon . norman I be try . shit. here -- catch she . he flop she up again . harry miss . norman be you try , damn it ? just -- man ( o.s. ) four minute and count . norman lose grip , drop she . norman hold on . harry hurry , norman . four minute . norman I hear ! I hear ! pick she up ... harry Three fifty -six , three fifty - five , three -- norman shut up and catch . norman flop she up once more , and Harry grab she AIR hose . harry I get she . I get she . Harry pull she toward the airlock , norman climb up after . int . sub airlock the pocket of air around the sub . the three of they cramme inside . norman open the door on top of the sub . norman alright , here , I will ... wait , you -- just give she to I . norman take Beth and push she on top the sub . the sub sway back and forth . harry norman , what be you -- they lose balance , Beth almost fall , norman catch she . norman shit. alright , Harry , get in there . Harry jump on top of the sub . slide inside it . reaches he arm out , catch Beth 's leg . man ( o.s. ) Three minute and count ... norman take she , come on . just -- Beth 's leg swing up and hit Harry in the helmet . harry c'mon , norman ! norman I be try to keep balance with -- harry gimme a second -- norman just pull she -- down like inside -- Harry , work with I here ! harry her leg be in the way . norman you get she ? Harry pull Beth down inside , as norman step on top of the sub , help push Beth 's head inside . norman get she out of the seat , I need room to sit . Harry ? harry I be try . there . man ( o.s. ) two minute - thirty and count . norman drop inside . int . sub norman in the seat . Beth 's leg hang over he right shoulder . Harry look at norman who assess the flight control . harry you know how to work this thing ? norman no idea . harry well , press something ! norman wait ! man ( o.s. ) two minute and count . harry how long do you say -- norman shut up . let I think . norman press a button . the screen -- blink : " descend , ascend , secure , shutdown ... " norman hit " ascend " . the sub whirr , rumble and drop down below . norman work the steering wheel , glide it upwards . ext . underwater the sub come out from under the dome . rising above the habitat ... harry less than a minute , we be never gonna make it . norman nine hundred foot to surface . harry it 's not fast enough , norman . there 's a helluva lot of explosive down there . ext . underwater the sub ascend past the spacecraft tail fin . int . sub Harry look down below he ... man ( o.s. ) thirty second to detonation . harry the shock wave 's gonna crush we , norman . norman maybe . brace yourself . Harry just stare at norman . norman grab Beth , try to stablilize she . harry ( off norman 's suit ) how 's that work out , by the way ? norman good . thank you . now that I have it on . ( Harry laugh ) why be you laugh ? you do not even know what that mean . harry no. I do not . but I always say to myself , when I die , I want to die laugh . Harry laugh . ascend ... wait ... and then ... a thunderous explosion below they ... rocking the sub , spin it up and around , surging it upwards to the surface . through the windshield -- racing toward the surface , toward the sunlight -- it 's blinding -- and the screen goe white . CUT to : int . decompression room a pale , white room . on norman -- sleep . his eye begin to open . he awake . beth -- be next to he , look at he . there be a long beat . beth thank you . norman look up at she ... norman you know , I think you really need to see a psychologist . she stare back at he , and smile . begins laugh with he . ext . decompression chamber two navy crewmen stand outside the door , look in . crewman # 1 have anyone speak to they yet ? crewman # 2 ( shake he head ) the Admiral 's go over the tape they bring up now . crewman # 1 do he know yet what really happen down there ? look inside -- norman , Harry , and Beth sit at a table . int . decompression chamber at the table ... harry they be go to want answer and they be go to keep ask until they get they . beth we can refuse to talk . harry wo not make any difference . the tape document everything . a long beat . norman there be one possibility . harry we all kill ourselves ? ( laugh , then ) bad joke . sorry , Beth . she smile . norman the power allow we to manifest we fear , right ? what if we fear the power to go away ? harry you mean forget ? norman it would erase all we knowledge of it . all of we power . beth would it work ? norman yes . and I think we already know it will . beth how 's that ? norman down below , Harry say we would all have to die . since there be no evidence on that spacecraft that anybody know time travel through a black hole be possible -- and we all know -- then we would all have to die before we could tell anyone . death be the only logical explanation . but sit here , we still know . so how be that possible ? ( beat ) unless we make ourselves forget . int . ship' hallway -- later norman , Harry , and Beth walk with the crewmen . int . admiral' office the admiral , 60 , many stripe on he sleeve , sit behind he desk . Harry and Beth sit in front of he . the tape on the desk . admiral there be some question that we need to address here . harry what about ? admiral when you be be transfer to decompression , Dr. Adams , you mention something about a squid . harry a what ? admiral a squid . however , there do not seem to be any squid record on this tape . beth a squid ? I do not remember anything about a squid . ( to Harry ) do you say something about a squid , Harry ? Harry shake he head . ext . ship deck -- day a bright , sunny day . on the helipad -- the helicopter 's propeller begin whirling . int . helicopter a officer sit in the passenger 's seat , glance at a clipboard . officer you all ready to go , dr... ? the pilot from the open scene ... pilot Johnson . the psychologist . the one that write the report . on norman -- in the back . norman what report ? CUT to : black .