spider -man : into the spider-verse screenplay by phil Lord and rodney rothman Story by phil Lord Dec. 3 , 2018 seq . 0100 - the alternate spider -man '' tas '' we begin on a comic . the cover ask who be spider -man ? spider-man ( v.o. ) alright , let 's do this one last time . my name be Peter parker . quick cut of a blond peter parker pull down he mask ... a name tag that read '' Peter parker '' ... various shot of spider - man in action . spider-man ( v.o. ) I be bitten by a radioactive spider and for ten year I have be the one and only spider - man . I be pretty sure you know the rest . uncle BEN tell Peter : uncle BEN ( v.o. ) with great power come great responsibility . uncle Ben walk into the beyond . spider-man ( v.o. ) I save a bunch of people , fall in love , save the city , and then I save the city again and again and again ... spiderman save the city , kiss mj , save the city some more . the shot evoke iconic spider -man image , but each one be subtly different , somehow alter . spider-man ( v.o. ) and uh ... I do this . cut to spider - man dance on the street , exactly like in the movie spider - man 3 . spider-man ( v.o. ) we do not really talk about this . a three panel split screen : shot of spider - man 's '' product '' : spider-man ( v.o. ) look , I be a comic book , I be a cereal , do a Christmas album . I have a excellent theme song . ( more ) spider -man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and a so- so popsicle . I mean , I have look worse . match CUT -- Peter , pinned to a wall by a mechanical tentacle arm . kingpin punch Peter . GREEN goblin fight Peter . spider-man ( v.o . ) but after everything , I still love be spider - man . I mean , who would not ? Peter run toward a super - collider , something we will see quite soon . Peter slammed to the ground . spider-man ( v.o. ) so no matter how many hit I take , I always find a way to come back . Peter get up ... in a shot that we will also remember , right before goblin grab he . the collider explolding , the force of the blast rippling through New York . spider-man ( v.o. ) because the only thing stand between this city and oblivion be I . there 's only one spider - man . and you be look at he . spider - man wink . man , he 's cool . smash CUT : seq . 0150 - meet mile morale '' mmm '' int . mile 's apartment - bedroom mile morale draw home -made STREET art name - tag at a desk , headphone on , sing along to a song he 's too young for ( " sunflower " ) , but he do not quite know the word yet . a photo of a younger mile with he parent and he uncle aaron visible in the background -- rio ( 0.s. ) mile ! mile , time for school ! jefferson ( 0.s. ) -- mile ! mile ! mile ! -- mile whip off he headphone -- mile yeah ? !-- jefferson ( 0.s. ) be you finish pack for school ? mile yeah ! just irone my last shirt ! reveal he empty bag . he be not packed . he 's be avoiding it . rio ivamo chacho ! -- he fly around the room , toss various item into the suitcase , throw on a blue uniform jacket , the camera catch other childhood detail -- jefferson ( 0.s. ) c'mon , you a grow man now ! let show this teacher that . let 's go ! rio ( 0.s. ) -- mile ! int . mile 's apartment - live room bam ! the door fly open . fast - pace , mile enter the live room , where he parent get ready for the day . mile rio where 's my laptop ? é donde le dejaste ? mile tyo no se ! jefferson -- if you want I to drive you we gotta go now -- mile jefferson ( cont 'd ) ( edging away ) personal chauffeur go once - -- no dad , I 'il walk !-- - mile ( continue ) -- it 's ok -- rio ay Maria , este nene I tiene loca ! 4. mile grab food . Mom and dad frantically cross behind he . rio ( cont 'd ) ( impatient ) mile , gotta go !! mile ( chew ) in a minute ! rio ( sing -song ) gotta go-ohh ... mile in a minute -- ext . stoop - morning Rio smother a embarrassed mile with kiss . mile roll he eye , hate it / love it . mile Mom . I gotta go ... rio ( kissing he ) in a minute ... mile roll he bag down the step as Rio call out : rio ( cont 'd ) papa ! llamame ! see you Friday ! mile okay , mami . hasta luego ! int . brooklyn STREET - morning mile struggle down the street with the heavy bag , but he 's in he element . he walk by he old school , brooklyn middle - pass some old friend , who he love and miss . old friend 1 ohhhhh . look who 's back ! yo what 's go on , bro ? -- mile -- hey , I be just walk by , how you do ? -- old friend 2 -- mile ! é Te va bien en la escuela ? - mile -- seguro que si-- old friend 3 yo , mile do you feel that earthquake last night ? mile what be you talk about ? I sleep like a baby last night . old friend 5 mile ( cont 'd ) how 's that new school ? -- so easy !-- old friend 5 we miss you , mile ! mile you miss I ? I still live here ! wait , you miss I ? time CUT : mile run down the STREET , slap he homemade sticker on some thing , end by slapping a stop sign , make a loud clang -- -- but he trip on he shoe lace and fall into the street -- mile ( cont 'd ) icontra ! -- police light flash along with the signature bwoop bwoop . mile ( cont 'd ) ( know what 's come ) ah c’ / mon ... seq . 0425 - sitting back there '' SBI '' ext . brooklyn - morning the police car move through the neighborhood . mile be in the back seat . 1010 win play . mile seriously , dad , walk would have be fine . reveal jefferson drive . mile ' dad be a cop ! jefferson you can walk plenty on Saturday when you peel that sticker off . mile you see that ? I do not know if that be I , dad . jefferson and the two from yesterday on Clinton . mile yeah . that be I . jefferson stare , shut down the cheekiness . mile look hurt . jefferson clock he pain look . it bum jefferson out . there 's a awkwardness between mile and he dad that 's not there with he mom . they drive by a row of hipster coffee shop . jefferson try to bridge the gap with mile , more cheerful : jefferson soooo ... look at that , another new coffee shop ... you see that mile ? mile totally , yeah ... jefferson -- you see that one , what 's that one call ? mile foam Party . jefferson mile ( cont 'd ) foam Party , come on ... and I see it -- everyone be just lining up ! you see that , mile -- jefferson be that a coffee shop or a disco ? mile dad , you be old , man . news anchor ( on radio ) there be multiple report of another mysterious seismic event last night . source close to spider - man say he be look into the problem . 7 . jefferson shake he head , disapprove , turn off the radio . jefferson spider - man . I mean this guy swing in once a day zip zap zop in he little mask and answer to no one , right ? mile yeah , dad . jefferson mile ( cont 'd ) and meanwhile my guy be out uh huh ... there , life on the line -- school kide run alongside the car look at mile , who slink down . they bang on the window , teasing mile , '' you get arrest ?! '' jefferson mile ( cont 'd ) -- no mask , we show we -- oh no ! dad , speed up , I face . accountability . know this kid -- jefferson -- you know , with great ability come great accountability -- mile that 's not even how the say go , dad -- jefferson -- I do like he cereal though , I '11 give he that -- Jeff stop the car . the teens reach mile 's window . teen boy yo mile ! you get arrest ? mile ( mortify ) -- oh my gosh . do not cop run red light ? jefferson some do ... but not you dad ! ext . new york - morning the car drive up right under the Brooklyn Bridge , to a school overlook manhattan , which loom across the water . ext . vision academy - morning the car pull up . mile sit , not want to go in . mile why can not I go back to Brooklyn Middle ? jefferson ( raise he eyebrow ) mile , you have give it two week . we be not have this conversation . mile -- I just think that this new school be elitist -- jefferson -- elitist ? -- mile -- and I would prefer to be at a normal school among the people . jefferson the people ? this be you people ! mile -- I be only here ' cause I win that stupid lottery -- jefferson no way . you pass the entry test just like everybody else , ok ! you have a opportunity here , you wanna blow that , huh ? you want to end up like you uncle ? mile ( under he breath ) -- what 's wrong with uncle Aaron ? he 's a good guy -- -- jefferson flinch , angere . reins it in . jefferson ..- we all make choice in life -- mile -- it do not feel like I have a choice right now -- jefferson -- you don 't ! tension fill the car . they sit in silence for a beat . mile get out of the car and open the front door to get he bag jefferson stare through he rearview mirror -- jefferson ( cont 'd ) I love you , mile . mile yeah , I know , dad . see you Friday -- -- mile shut the door and walk away . jefferson watch , bum at the state of the relationship . he lift he p.a . jefferson ( into p.a. ) you gotta say I love you back . mile jefferson ( cont 'd ) dad be you serious ? I wanna hear it . mile jefferson ( cont 'd ) you wanna hear I say it -- -- I love you , dad . mile jefferson ( cont 'd ) -- you be drop I off at a -- I love you dad . school -- mile jefferson ( cont 'd ) look at this place -- -- dad , I love you . mile dad , I love you . jefferson ( into p.a . ) that 's a copy . tie you shoe please ! seq . 0200 - the lottery winner '' tlw '' int . vision academy - morning pan up from untied shoe -- mile clock they but defiantly doe not tie they - — -- mile walk through a lobby fill with taller kide in identical blue uniform . a cut - edge lab school in a convert industrial building . student I love you , dad ! 10 . in a sea of blue , mile awkwardly try to interact like he be on he street but everyone 's so focus . mile hey good morning . how you do ?... weekend be short , huh ? ( he turn to another kid ) oh my gosh this be embarrassing , we wear the same jacket -- mile p.o.v . -- the uniformed kide just pass by . mile be discourage . passing student mile ( cont 'd ) hey -- ( hopeful ) -- yeah ? passing student -- you shoe 's untied . mile yeah , I be aware . it 's a choice . and as he shoulder droop he turn to walk into -- int . vision academy - montage --a math teacher in front of a baffling formula . math teacher -- who can solve this for xy ?-- --a logic teacher in front of a elaborate proof . logic teacher -- and that be know as a syllogism . --in jumpcut mile walk back and forth across the hallway . each time he be hold more paper and book in he arm , get more and more weighed down . spanish teacher ( v.o. ) -- en este clase , se habla castellano -- literature teacher ( v.o . ) -- tonight , read two chapter of great expectation -— - science teacher ( v.o . ) -- I be give you a take - home quiz on volumetric pressure -- 11 . health teacher ( v.o. ) -- a five page essay with you conclusion stress -- various teachers ( 0.s. ) worker Party / take-home work / industrial Revolution / incapable / a enormous change / unstoppable -- -- the montage build , a multi - panelled flurry -- prelap : a bell ring he run through the emptying hallway . end montage . int . vision academy classroom - day student sit in a darkened classroom , light only by a large screen play a documentary . physicist -- countless other possibility . there could be a universe where I be wear red . or wear leather pants -- the door burst OPEN -- mile , out of breath , be silhouett in the doorway . the teacher flip the light on . student blink in the bright light and grumble . ms . callero Mr. morale , move in the dark . you be late again . mile Einstein say time be relative , right ? maybe I be not late . maybe you guy be early . mile 's joke be meet with unamuse silence . except for a single titter from a new girl . new girl sorry . it be just so quiet . ms . callero would you like to keep stand there or do you want to sit down ? someone hit the light . in the dark , mile awkwardly make he way to he seat , bang into a desk in the dark . 12 . onscreen be a physicist , identify as '' director , alchemax laboratory . '' she 's the consummate nerd and amped about physics . physicist we universe be in fact one of many parallel universe happen at the exact same time . thanks to everyone here at the fisk family Foundation for the Sciences , I will prove they exist when I build my supercollider . all I need be 10 billion dollar . chump change , right ? on mile , he bonk into the desk of a new girl , pay rapt attention and sit down at the desk beside she . mile check out the girl , who catch he look . mile look away . look back -- she 's still look . new girl I like you joke . mile really ? new girl I mean , it be not funny , that 's why I laugh . but it be smart , so I like it . mile ( take aback , then ) I do not think I have see you before -- -- Ms. callero shush mile , cut he off . ms . callero shhhhh ! mile sit -- check out the new girl but she 's again focuss on the documentary . mile be intrigued . physicist every choice that we make , would create countless other possibility . a what - if to infinity . 13 . int . vision academy classroom - later mile stand in front of Ms. callero 's desk as she slide a zero with a 0/100 write on it . mile a zero ? a few more of that and you probably have to kick I outta here huh ? maybe I be just not right for this school ? ms . callero if a person wear a blind fold pick the answer on a true or false quiz at random , do you know what score they would get ? mile fifty percent ? ms . callero that 's right ! mile wait wait ! ms . callero the only way to get all the answer wrong , be to know which answer be right . you be try to quit . and I be not go to let you . I be assign you a personal essay . not about physics , but about you and what kind of person you want to be . int . dorm room - night mile stare at he stack of homework . he take out a legal pad to start on he great expectation paper . he sigh . frustrate , mile look out the window for a beat . mile smile -- he have a mischievous idea . seq . 0500 - a night with aaron '' nwa '' ext . brooklyn - night mile move down a street , alive with nighttime city energy . once again the carefree kid he yearn to be . move away from the Manhattan skyline and turn into -- 14 . -- a alley , where he see a light on in the top apartment . int . uncle aaron's apartment - night uncle aaron be texting on he couch when he receive a picture text of he , texting , from 1 second ago . uncle Aaron look at he window and see mile -- mile ( laugh ) uncle aaroooooon ! hey ! be you scared ?! mile presses he face up against the window make a funny face . time CUT -- Aaron wash dish as mile spar with Aaron 's punching bag not-very - competently : mile ( cont ’d ) you want that , huh ? unh . unh . uncle aaron what 's up with school ? mile go great . get ton of friend . uncle aaron you can not tell I it 's all that bad there ... smart girl be where it 's at . place must be full of ‘em . Aaron walk over to the punch bag and hold it for mile . mile no , there 's no one . there 's no one . Aaron walk over to the microwave to get some popcorn . uncle aaron ...- yo I can not have a nephew of mine on the street with no game . mile I get game ! ( front ) there be a new girl , actually , she 's kinda into I . you know how it be . uncle aaron what 's she name ? mile 15 . sit on the couch , and scribble in he notebook . mile ( stutter , until - - ) -- you know we ... this be ... we be lay down the ground work right now . uncle Aaron react , amused by mile effort to sound cool . uncle aaron you know about the shoulder touch ? mile of course I do ! but tell I anyway . uncle aaron tomorrow find that girl , walk up to she and be like ... ( do shoulder touch ) " hey " . mile ( laugh ) you serious uncle Aaron ? uncle aaron I be tell you man , it 's science . mile so walk up to she and be like ... hey . uncle aaron no no no no ... like hey ... mile " hey . " uncle aaron no . '' heyyy '' mile ( mock he ) heyyyyy - uncle aaron you sure you be my nephew , man ? mile 's phone vibrate . uncle aaron ( cont ’d ) be that she ? 16 . mile have a text from dad : '' done with that homework ? '' mile ( check he phone ) I should probably go . still get a paper to do tonight . Aaron see this text and then casually but deliberately change the subject to mile 's drawing in he notebook . uncle aaron -- yo , you have be hold out on I . you throw this up yet ? mile no , man , you know my dad . I can not . -- Aaron stand . he cross out of frame , mile get excite - — uncle aaron C ’mon . I get a spot you be not gonna believe . mile I can not ! I can not I can not -- int . subway car - night mile and Aaron make they way out of a subway car and wait for it to clear . mile I be gonna get in so much trouble . uncle aaron hey man , tell they you art teacher make you . mile hey , how do you know about this place ? uncle aaron do a engineering job down here . seq . 0520 - subway spider bite '' ssb '' 17 . int . subway tunnel - night Aaron and mile walk deeper and deeper down the tunnel and approach a electrified floor - to- ceiling fence . rack to a A1 chemax private property sign , and other high security paraphernalia . someone really want people to stay out . Aaron expertly climb a fence , drop down on the other side . mile climb the fence . we stay on aaron as we hear mile struggle . finally mile land next to Aaron . mile wassup ? uncle Aaron laugh . uncle aaron yeah man I know we be related . int . abandoned subway tunnel - night Aaron lead mile into a huge space . empty wall and spiderweb as far as the eye can see . mile whoa ... ( then , for the echoe ) brooklyn ! Brooklyn ! Brooklyn ! the room be full of beautiful STREET art -- it 's a secret spot . uncle aaron there 's a lot of history on this wall . mile this be so fresh . Aaron gesture to a wall that 's be recently cleaned and prepped ... clearly by Aaron . Aaron smile , lean down to he bag and unzip it , revealing krylon spray paint can . he toss a can to mile . press play on a stereo . mile smile -- -- and start painting . Aaron turn over a bench . uncle aaron now you be on you own , mile . ( then ) ( more ) 18 . uncle aaron ( cont 'd ) whoa , slow down a little ... that 's better ... that 's perfect . unbeknownst to they , a faintly glow spider descend on a web , towards the ground and towards the can ! uncle aaron ( cont ’d ) ( coach he ) the real mile , comin 's out of hide . now you can cut that line with another color . that 's it ... mile Little help ? CUT to mile on uncle Aaron 's shoulder . for a beat afterward , they paint together . uncle aaron you want drip ? ' Cause if you do , that 's cool , but if you do not you gotta keep it move ... mile that 's intentional ! Aaron trace mile 's silhouette on the wall . uncle aaron wow . mile step back , admire he work . a striking piece , build around mile silouette with nothing paint inside it . a blank . '' no expectation '' write above . mile ( suddenly embarrassed ) be it too crazy ? uncle aaron no man . mile I see exactly what you be do here , man . mile smile . so happy to finally be see . uncle aaron ( cont ’d ) yeah . you know I and you dad use to do this back in the day . mile stop lie . 19 . uncle aaron it 's true . then he take on the cop thing ... and I do not know . he 's a good guy , just ... you know what I be say ... Aaron 's phone vibrate , he read a message . a shadow across he face . uncle aaron ( cont ’d ) all right , come on man . I gotta roll . Aaron walk out of the tunnel leave mile alone . mile take one last look at they painting and take a picture of it on he phone . there 's the spider , on the back of mile 's hand . it bite he ! we jump into psychedelic 2d animation , watch the venom make it 's way into mile 's blood stream , build until -- -- mile flick the spider and it fall off he hand . uncle aaron ( cont ’d ) mile , let 's go ! mile , hide the bite , run to join he uncle . seq . 0700 - puberty '' pub '' int . dorm room - night time lapse : as the moon rise , mile shift position . it 's a restless sleep , the spider - bite faintly glow , mile start to sweat ... while mile toss and turn , he roomate ganke work on he computer , take a break to read '' the true life tale of spider - man '' comic book . int . dorm room - morning mile get up and put he pants on . they be too short . mile ( v.o. ) that 's weird . my pants shrank . the word " that 's weird " be visualize onscreen . mile look up , surprised by the sound of he own spider - man voice -over . 20 . mile I think I hit puberty . ganke stop type at this laptop , eye wide . he quickly resume he work as the word '' I should have keep that to myself '' appear think - bubble next to mile . seq . 0730 - why am I so sweaty ? '' swi '' int . vision academy - hallway - day mile walk the hall , awkwardly try to pull down he pants that be now suddenly too short for he . as he speak he thought appear in three dimensional space behind he . mile ( v.o . ) I gotta get new pants . wait , why be the voice in my head so loud ? ( then ) what -- -- his strut be interrupt by a high - pitch whine that stop when he bump into the new girl from physics CLASS . new girl oh ! be you okay ? mile what ? mile ( v.o. ) new girl why be I so sweaty ??? why be you so sweaty ? mile it 's a puberty thing . I do not know why I say that . I be not go through puberty . I do . but I be do . ( '' cool '' and deep voice ) I be a man . ( try to be suave ) -- so you be , like , new here , right ? we get that in common . new girl yeah , that 's one thing . mile cool , yeah . I be mile . new girl I be G-Waaaanda . 21 . mile wait , you name be gwanda ? gwanda yes , it 's African . I be South African . no accent though , cause I be raise here . gwanda continue , though she voice fade away ... mile ( v.o. ) do the shoulder touch now ! before she walk away ! in slow motion , mile ' hand head toward gwanda 's shoulder as she watch its slow , deliberate journey . mile ( v.o . ) why be this so scary ? be I do this in slow motion or do it just feel that way ? wanda .-- I be kid . it 's wanda . no G. that 's crazy . the hand land . beat. mile ( '' cool '' and deep voice ) '' hey . '' wanda ok then . i’1l see you around . mile oh . see you . mile be mortify . wanda turn to leave but be jerk back by mile . mile ( cont 'd ) sorry ... um ... oh crap -- wanda mile ( cont 'd ) -- hey ! um , can you let go -- I can not ... let ... go ... please ? ow ow ow ow ow , calm down , it 's fine -- mile be stuck to she . he try to unstick himself but it keep get worse . now wanda 's hair be involved . wanda mile , let go ! 22 . mile I be work on it . it 's just puberty ! wanda I do not think you know what puberty be ! just relax . mile wanda ( cont 'd ) okay , I have a plan . great . mile wanda ( cont 'd ) I be go to pull really that 's a terrible plan . hard . mile wanda ( cont 'd ) 1 ... 2 ... -- do not do this !-- wanda ( cont 'd ) -- 3 ! wanda finally have enough and flip mile , in full view of dozen of student . mile scream . mile ahhhhhhhh ! !! pre-lap : a electric razor buzy . int . nurse's office - later mile look on as he hand be freed from wanda 's hair . mile 's expression tell we she hair be ravage . and it be . mile Nice to meet you . she will not even look at he . wanda sure . total pleasure . int . vision academy - hallway - continuous exiting , mile ball he hair - cover hand and put they in he pocket . he walk the hall , mortify . mile ( v.o. ) no one see . it 's ok . no one know . no one know . ( everyone be stare ) everyone know . everyone know ! 23. the sentence '' everyone know '' appear behind he , giant letter . the period appear last like a cannonball . mile they be talk about I . they see everything . he know . she know . they know . ( distract by a tall girl ) wow . she 's super tall . why be he smile ? be I the weird guy now ? what be I do ? how do I stop ? can they hear my thought ? why be all my thought so loud ?! the school security guard appear -- security guard -- hey ! I know you snuck out last night , morale . mile ( v.o. / thought bubble ) play dumb . ( to the security guard ) who 's morale ? ( v.o. / thought bubble ) not that dumb . seq . 0790 - spider -man symptom '' sms '' -- panick , mile take off running . security guard -- hey ! mile round a corner and run down the hall try . he find a open door and run into : int . office - continuous mile slam the door behind he . mile ( v.o. ) you be okay . you be okay . you be okay . he will never find you . he spin to look around the office , and see , to he horror , a photo of the security guard and he buddy . 24 . mile ( v.o. ) no . ext . security office the guard reach the door , start to bang . we now see the sign on the door : security office . inside the office mile be stick , yanking on the door . his hand pull away , rip off the doors veneer . he stand , he hand stick to he shirt and accidentally yanking it over he eye . security guard ( 0.s. ) what be you do in my office morale ?! morale ! open up ! unable to see he run directly into a bookshelf , then stick to it , pull it down in front of the door . he hit the laptop and spider-man 's Christmas song ( " spidey bell '' ) start to play . mile ( vo / thought bubble ) why be this happen ? outside in the hallway , the security guard notice the kid reacting to the song play from he office . security guard ( sheepish ) it 's my kid playlist . -- mile trip and roll up the wall -- circle the four wall like a dervish , he stick to the ceiling and '' break dance . '' security guard ( cont ’d ) open up ! mile ( v.o. / thought balloon ) ( exerting himself ) stop ... stick ! he fall onto a desk chair and then roll out the window ! outside the build mile stick straight out he window sill , sticky foot the only thing prevent he from fall down . 25 . mile ( v.o. / thought bubble ) ( cont 'd ) keep stick , mile ! mile struggle to get inside . he roll onto a adjacent window where a full classroom of transfixed student do not notice the horrify mile on the window -- teacher ...- what hofstadter be suggest ... be that we ... look underneath ... -- mile roll around the build , round a corner -- suddenly bird fly into he , and somehow become stuck to he hand as they flap wildly , pecking at he eye -- inside the glass hallway , we find wanda , watch mile , a little perplex . wanda «+-ok ... back with mile , round a corner -- he 's back at he dorm room ! mile my room ! in he room , mile make he way through he window to the floor . he look up , breath heaving as a spider -man comic float down onto he face . ( the true life tale of spider - man ) mile lift the comic -- it rip a bit -- and look at it . the two - page spread contain panel identical to what mile just experienced : a spider bite . Peter parker pull on the door ( " why be this happen ? " , '' please stop stick ! '' ) , roll out the window , and finally lie the floor , exactly where mile be . mile ( cont ’d ) ( pure panic ) how could there be two spider - Men ? there can not be two spider - Men . ( v.0 . ) can there ? seq . 1100 - I don ’t want to be a superhero '' idw '' 26 . splash page : the two spider -men on the cover : mile lean against a glass building , 20 storey up . the real spider -man be he reflection , but he 's bigger and cooler look . ext . brooklyn STREET - dusk mile race down the street . a phone ring . mile ( v.o. ) come on uncle Aaron . pick up . pick up . uncle aaron ( phone message ) -- yo , it 's Aaron . I be outta town for a few day . hit you when I be back . peace . his thought racing in v.o. : mile ( v.o. ) no nononono . it 's not possible -- -- the thought bubble '' no 's '' fly off behind he -- mile it 's just puberty , it 's a normal spider , and I be a normal kid -- --screeeeeeeeeccchhh !!!! mile race into the path of a oncoming car , but reflex kick in and he vault over it -- a insane super -heroic leap that land he twenty foot away . amazed passersby cheer . mile continue on , more freak out than ever . seq . 1150 - back through the tunnel '' bit '' onscreen comic book box : '' later ... mile search for answer ... '' int . subway train - night mile ride the subway . mile ( v.o. ) I gotta tell someone . he scroll to he dad 's number . he think to himself for a beat , then decide against it . 27 . int . subway station - night he exit the subway , turn toward the dark tunnel he and uncle Aaron walk into . mile you be be crazy mile . you be be crazy . int . abandoned subway tunnel - night the mural mile make be still here . mile find the spider . you will see . the dead spider be there . mile flip it over . it look weird and fluorescent . mile ( cont ’d ) it 's a normal spider . it 's like boring how normal the spider be ... the spider glitch make mile jump back . suddenly , mile hear a rumble . he stand , startled . the rumble stop . it appear to be come from a pitch black abandoned tunnel . a surge of spider -sense . overwhelm . mile ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) why be this happen to I ? seq . 1200 - assembly room fight '' arf '' int . pitch black tunnel mile shine he light into darkness . this be scary . a long , blue tube , stamp alchemax , arc into the distance , humming . mile 's spider - sense continue to direct he . another surge of spider - sense hit mile and we hear compete thought in he head . mile ( v.0o . ) slow down !/ what be I do ? what be I do ? mile pick up the pace , jog around the corner , where mile turn , a big surge of spider - sense and multiple voice be hear together -- 28 . mile look out . / I do not want to be a hero ! / look out . mysterious voice # 1 -- you '’re like I -- mysterious voice # 2 mysterious voice # 3 -- that 's all it be mile . -- -- you be like I -- mysterious voice # 4 -- look out -— --wham !!!!! a subway car fly towards he from the next room and smashes against the wall beside he ! mile whoa ! int . supercollider staging chamber - continuous a massive staging room contain alchemax equipment . zoom in on : spider -man . in mid-flight . backward . he wreck against some painful look equipment . on mile , terrified . what 's happen ?! spider-man norman , listen to I . mile ( v.o. ) spider - man ?! spider-man I can not let you open a portal to another dimension ! Brooklyn be not zone for that ! pan to reveal GREEN goblin , a 25 ' beast with massive wing . he unfurl a big big blue tongue . GREEN goblin it 's not up to I . mile ( v.o. ) be that Green goblin !? GREEN goblin why will not you quit ?! 29 . spider-man I do not know I guess I like Brooklyn not be suck into a black hole ? mile I think I be gonna go ... spider -man staten Island maybe , not Brooklyn ! as mile turn to run , a giant beam crash into the room . mile fall on top of it as it swing back out into the room where goblin and spider - man be fighting . mile hang onto the beam for dear life . mile no , no ! mile be toss around the room as goblin and spider - man battle . Green goblin throw cluster bomb as spider - man swing around they , and mile avoid the explosion but now he 's exposed . this be way more real in person . he run down a massive hallway , away from the battle . mile catch himself before tumble over the end of the hallway into a giant room . seq . 1210 - meet kingpin '' mkp '' int . supercollider room he be now in a enormous chamber contain a supercollider . mile woah !! mile look around the room , confuse . mile ( cont ’d ) what be this place ? -- -- spider - man and goblin burst through door above he -- -- mile fall straight down , but spidey spot mile and -- --swing he safely away , high and far from the action . they be on a observation ledge overlook the collider chamber . a beat as they appraise each other . then : 30 . spider-man do you know you shoe be untied ? mile uh huh . spider -man this be a onesie so I do not really have to worry about it . a beat . spidey sense something in mile . they spider - sense resonate . like a mind meld . spider-man ( cont ’d ) ( throw ) I think I be the only one . you be like I . mile I do not want to be . spider-man I do not think you have a choice , kiddo . ( gently ) get a lot go through you head , I be sure . mile yeah ... spider-man you be gonna be fine . I can help you . if you stick around , I can show you the rope . mile ( so relieved ) yeah . spider-man I just need to destroy this big machine real quick before the space time continuum collapse . do not move . see you in a bit -- -- in a amazing , mind - boggling move , spidey jump away and use the massive churning supercollider to whip himself up until he 's on the ceiling , hundred of yard above , and eye - level with a ceiling panel . mile ( v.o. ) how do he do that ? 31 . he rip the panel out , reach in , pull out complicate wiring . he pull a strange computerize key out of he suit and try to plug it into a hanging port . mile watch , impressed . spider - man try to put the key in the port , but it 's the wrong side , he flip it around , that 's wrong too somehow . spider-man I always get this wrong . as he finally get it -- a surge of spider - sense -- spider-man ( cont ’d ) ( look up ) oh boy . --a purple blur streak overhead . two punch from nowhere . daze , spider - man look up and see a lanky opponent in a purple mask and suit wear mechanize glove and boot . it 's the prowler . as they fly across the room , fighting -- spider-man ( cont ’d ) prowler ! man , I be in the middle of something ! prowler throws he hard to the ground . spider-man ( cont ’d ) ( hit ground ) I be so tired ... prowler lunge towards spider - man but spider - man expertly dodge the claw and spin rocket boot kick -- spider-man ( cont ’d ) be you mad at I ? I feel like you be mad at I . mile watch from down below , helpless . he snap a picture on he cell phone . spider-man ( cont ’d ) be that all you get ? -- the GREEN goblin appear and pin spider - man to the ground . his giant blue tongue lash around angrily , hit spider - man with giant gob of spit . spider-man ( cont ’d ) uhh , so gross . 32 . mile ( v.o. / thought bubble ) I should go up there and help he ! who be I kid , I should not do that . prelap : the SOUND of loud , deliberate footstep . the clicking of a pen . int . control room terrified scientist work as something huge walk through the room from behind they . reveal kingpin , a elaborately - tailore hulk of a man . he walk through the control room towards the window that face out over the collider room . kingpin ( creepily sing spider - man theme ) dooby do , dooby do . watch out , here come the spider - man ! ( then , over a p.a. ) you like my new toy ? it cost I a fortune . but hey , you can not take it with you , right ? you come all this way . watch the test . it 's a hell of a freakin’ light show , you be gonna love this . spider-man ( panic now ) no ! no ! do not do this ! stop ! you do not know what it can do , it 'il kill we all ! the collider roar on , light moving up the wall toward the top , as it crescendoe with -- clunk ! a tiny atmospheric meter in a BOX lower down , blink , with a tinny whir ... spider - man confuse as -- the sensor lock into place . --blam ! the collider behind spidey activate , fire particle beam at the BOX , which freak out , it 's reading on haywire . it 's crazy looking . kingpin watch , a huge smile . a dream coming true . the scientist be grow excite -- scientist 3 ( 0.s. ) female physicist voice ( 0.s. ) the portal be open . I see multiple dimension open ! 33 . kingpin good . female physicist voice ( 0.s. ) that be 3 ... 4... and 5 separate dimension -- scientist 4 ( 0.s. ) it 's unstable ... we should stop -- ext . brooklyn - same time a brooklynite look up from a quivering latte at foam party ... a minor EARTHQUAKE shake Brooklyn . but this be no ordinary earthquake . weird color , weird blur . 25 traffic light vibrate in the same space . 25 different -looking chrysler building vibrate in the same space . as we will later learn this be a '' dimensional quake . '' very dangerous . but it look cool . inside the collider room spider - man struggle as goblin continue to hold he onto the ground . the ceiling tile begin to shake , fall onto goblin - spider-man norm , what 's you take on head trauma ? ( it hit goblin ) -- I try to warn you , pal . spidey jump towards the collider . but -- goblin rise , fly , then grab spider - man and shove he into the beam / tiny portal . the beam now out of control . kingpin goblin , no ! get he out of there ! uh oh. goblin push spidey 's head into the beam . peter' Pov -- psychedelic light and undulating thread . we do not know it yet but we be see a portal to the multiverse . spidey start to glitch strangely -- -- spidey regains control , pulling goblin into the beam then a huge ENERGY pulse burst out from the collider , knock everyone back ! 34 . outside , the pulse whooshes through the CITY , knocking the light out temporarily -— seq . 1220 - death of spider -man '' dos '' int . supercollider staging area - intercut the pulse wreck the chamber . mile have fallen through a hole in the floor , smoke billow everywhere . mile scramble by the remain of Green goblin , crush by some heavy machinery : dead . -- mile reach a very injure spider -man . mile hey ! be you okay ??? spider-man ( no , but play it off ) I be fine , I be fine . just rest . mile can not you get up ? spider-man ( wry laugh ) yeah , yeah I always get up ... ( cough ) the cough 's probably not a good sign . noise from above , shadow . kingpin 's thug have discover the hole . spider-man ( cont ’d ) listen , we gotta team up here , we do not have that much time ... -- spider - man hand the shutdown key to mile -- spider-man ( cont ’d ) this override key be the only way to stop the collider . swing up there , use this key , push the button , and blow it up . spider - man swallow hard , he breath shallower , he voice fast . this be serious -- 35 . spider-man ( cont ’d ) you need to hide you face . you do not tell anyone who you be . no one can know . he 's get everyone in he pocket -- mile -- what ? spider-man if he turn the machine on again , everything you know will disappear . you family , everyone -- everyone . promise I you will do this . mile I promise . spider -man -- go ! destroy the collider . i’1l come and find you ... it 's go to be ok . -- mile clamber up a debris pile to the floor above -- mile peek up to the top of the collider ... it 's so far up there . down below the conversation continue . kingpin enter : kingpin tombstone . we be do with test . get that thing ready to go again . the scientist back away , run . kingpin shake he head . kingpin ( cont 'd ) run faster . this guy be weak . kingpin approach spider - man . kingpin ( cont 'd ) I would say it 's nice to see you again , spider - man . but it 's not . spider -man hey kingpin . how 's business ? kingpin boom . ha ! spider-man Nice ... kingpin take off spider - man 's mask . 36 . spider-man ( cont ’d ) aw , that 's a no -no . it 's Peter parker , 26 year old . blonde . spider -man ( cont ’d ) this might open a black hole under Brooklyn . it can not be worth the risk . kingpin it 's not always about the money , spider - man . prowler appear from the darkness , advance on Peter -- spider -man ( frantic ) -- do not you want to know what I see in there ? kingpin --wait ... kingpin 's hand raise . prowler halt . spider -man I know what you be try to do . and it will not work . they be go . a flash of FURY and kingpin deliver the death blow himself . a long beat . kingpin get rid of the body . on mile , eye widen . mile move slightly and make debris fall . kingpin ( cont 'd ) what be that ? they follow the noise up to mile ' silhouetted figure ... kingpin ( cont 'd ) kill that guy . mile run . the prowler take off after mile . seq . 1240 - prowler chase mile '' pcm '' 37 . int . subway tunnel - continuous -- mile race down the tunnel toward the light of the station . he hop the fence , no hesitation . prowler sprint behind with infrare vision ! a subway train be coming ! mile leap into the AIR and grab the ceiling as the deafening subway pass beneath he . prowler walk toward mile as mile realize he hand be stuck ! mile swing he leg around to free himself as prowler approach . a nightmare come to life . mile stop stick ! mile somehow rip he hand off , skin tear -- ow ! -- and race out of the tunnel -- into the light , clamber onto the platform , another train come , mile leap , just clearing it . he run upstairs . prowler watch from the shadowy tunnel , unable to follow . subway voice stand clear of the close door , please . ext . brooklyn - night prowler whizze through the busy street on he motorcycle . he drive right by a hide mile . mile run past a crowd that be gather around the strange clustered traffic light we see earlier ( a remnant of dimensional glitch ) , take photo . brooklynite yeah , I think it 's a banksy . seq . 1250 - just kid STUFF '' jks '' int . mile 's childhood bedroom - later off screen , a tv play the news as mile climb through the window . news anchor ( 0.s. ) .-- New yorker be report sporadic power outage in the wake of another strange seismic event ... 38 . he 's breathe heavy . he 's freak out and so scared . jeff' voice ring out from o.s. jefferson ( 0.s. ) Police ! put you hand up !! -- mile ? mile ? jefferson see mile . jefferson ( cont 'd ) why be not you at school ? -- mile run up to he dad and embrace he . Jeff be confuse , then seem to get it . jefferson ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa , it 's ok . rio mile ? que the pasa ? be it the earthquake ? mile look at each of he parent , tear . maybe he should confide in they ...? mile can I sleep here tonight ? jefferson mile , it 's a weeknight . you make a commitment to that school -- rio -- Jeff , he 's upset . Rio and Jeff share a look . Jeff understand , soften . jefferson of course you can stay . mile sit down on he bed . mile dad ? jefferson -- yeah ? -- mile .+- do you really hate spider - man ? jefferson ( beat , confuse ) yeah ? ( more ) 39 . jefferson ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I mean , with a vigilante - - -- Rio shove Jeff out -- rio -- Jeff , mis amor -- jefferson -- what ? he ask I . baby , you know how I feel about spider - man , c'mon ... rio mhmm ... Jeff leave . mile , lie down on he bed . Rio tenderly stroke mile 's forehead . rio ( cont 'd ) tu sabe que el the quiere mucho ... that 's why he 's tough on you , you know that , right ? mile Mom , do you ever think about move out of Brooklyn ? rio we family do not run from thing , mile . mile yeah , I know . Rio kiss he forehead . get up , light out . rio ( 0.s. ) he 's have a hard time , Jeff . jefferson ( 0.s. ) rio ( cont 'd ) when it get hard , that 's shhhh . tiene que mas suave . when he 's gotta stick it out . they voice fade . mile take the key out of he pocket in a close fist as the muffled SOUND of he parent 's voice fade away . mile open he hand , revealing the key . mile stare at it . seq . 1330 - peter 's funeral '' pef '' 40 . tv news bulletin ext . new york CITY - intercut Rio and jefferson watch the news . mile sit up in bed . news anchor # 2 ( v.o. ) we interrupt this broadcast for a special report . sad news tonight . the hero know as spider - man have die after injury related to another powerful earthquake in Brooklyn . over a montage of people around the city find out spider - man die , we hear ... news anchor # 2 ( v.o. ) multiple source be confirm that Peter parker , a 26 year old grad student and part time photographer , operate as spider - man for at least a decade , save by some count thousand of life around the world . with this tragic seismic event on the rise , one can only wonder , be there anyone who can keep New York safe ? people look at cell phone in Times Square . multiple news anchors ( v.o. ) Peter parker , spider - man , be dead . / he be survive by he wife Mary Jane and he aunt , May parker . / we hero spider - man be go . ext . electronics store - day mile stand in front of a tv display at a store window . all the tvs be play the news about spider - man 's death . mile look at the tvs , he reflection appear between photo of spider - man and Peter parker . mj ( v.o. ) my husband Peter parker be a ordinary person . he always say it could have be anyone behind the mask . he be just the kid who happen to get bit . 41 . int . stan 's costume store - day mile look at a spider - man costume , decide . then buy it from a comic book owner who look a lot like ... store owner I be go to miss he . mile yeah . store owner we be friend you know . mile can I return it if it do not fit ? store owner it always fit . eventually . beat . Stan head tilt to a sign : no return . he smile . int . bathroom mile put the costume on and stare at himself in the mirror . mj ( v.o. ) he do not ask for he power . but he choose to be spider - man . he experiment , crouching in a classic spider - man pose . he relax then quickly try another pose . ext . cathedral - day mile walk in a sea of well wisher in full costume , many also in spider - man costume , homemade and store buy . mj my favorite thing about Peter be that he make we each feel powerful . we all have power of one kind or another . but in we own way , we be all spider -man . and we be all count on you . mile ( to himself ) they be count on I . 42 . funeral attendee ( whisper to mile ) probably not you specifically . I think it 's a metaphor . mj back away from the dais . aunt May comfort she . ext . alley mile round a corner and take out the spider - man origins comic book . he flip to a page that depict Peter testing he new power by jump from a building . int . build - day mile run up a flight of stair , eye determine . he burst through a door and onto -- ext . roof - day mile walk to the edge , look down and then across to the neighbor roof , calculate the jump . he back up . crack he neck . wait there . as the music crescendoe -- int . build - day mile run down a flight of stair . int . build - day mile , disappointed in himself for chicken out , eye a shorter build . int . build - day mile run up another flight of stair . ext . roof - day he back up . crack he neck ... then run , gain speed -- -- and trip on he untied shoelace , falling to the ground below . we make a meal of the fall , comics-style . 43 . mile land with a crack ( burst card ) , and pull out the key which be now totally broken . seq . 1400 - the cemetery '' CEM '' - part 1 ext . cathedral - night - later it 's snow now . empty and quiet . footstep on snow as mile approach Peter parker 's grave . he take off he mask , look down at parker 's gravestone and sigh , then speak , so softly we can barely hear he . mile I be sorry , Mr. parker ... that thing you give I , that key ... ( hold it out ) I think I really mess it up . I want to do what you ask . I really do , but ... I be sorry . I be not sure I be the guy . I can not do this without you . behind mile a dark figure rise , casting a shadow . voice ( 0.s. ) hey ! kid !-- terrify , mile pull he mask down and turn around -- -- the figure step forward -- mile panic and throw he arm up , accidentally deliver a venom strike . the Dark figure fly back as webbing fly from he hand and stick to mile , yanking mile forward . mile woah !! mile sit up and look at he hand , the webbing . mile ( cont ’d ) what do I do to he ? uh ... mile run over to the body , pull back he jacket and reveal a spider -man costume . mile ( cont ’d ) no ... who be you ? 44 , seq . 2090 - peter 's flashback '' pfb '' peter ( v.o. ) alright people , let 's do this one last time . my name be Peter B. parker ... page flip fast : " come next month ! a spider - man from another world ... " splash page : the amazing spider -man quick flash , similar but not identical to the one we see in the cold open . High -energy run , fight , leaping ... peter ( v.o . ) .-- I be bitten by a radioactive spider . and for the last twenty - two year I think I be the one and only " spider - man " . Peter on a gargoyle drink coffee with the morning paper . peter what a day ... peter ( v.o. ) I be pretty sure you know the rest . int./ ext . a rapid barrage of image from spider - man canon whiz by -- but with variation and new shot too . instead of uncle Ben on the bed , for instance , it 's aunt may . peter ( v.o. ) you see I save the city , fall in love , I get marry , save the city some more , maybe too much , my Marriage get testy , make some dicey money choice -- do not invest in a spider - theme restaurant ... we see a few fast image of spider - man do he thing but lose a step , swinging with coffee , etc. , stand in front of a shutter tgispidey , signing divorce papers , holding he back , bad investment , door slamming , getting hit by a drone . peter ( v.o . ) .-- then like fifteen year pass blah blah blah super boring , I break my back , a drine fly into my face , I bury aunt May , my wife and I split up . ( more ) 45 . peter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( then ) but I handle it like a champion . CUT to Peter crying on the floor of the shower in he spider - suit . peter ( v.o . ) ' Cause you know what ? no matter how many time I get hit , I always get back up . Peter 's slump like a slug in bed , wear he costume . his alarm go off -- he lift up he mask and immediately pull it back down . he refuse to shut off the alarm , so it keep blaring . he watch tv . a nature show . seahorse reflect in he sad spider eye . peter ( v.o. ) and I get a lot of time to reflect and work on myself . do you know that seahorse that they mate for life ? could you imagine a seahorse see another seahorse and then make it work ? ( then ) she want kid and it scared I . Peter sit on the roof of a building look at he phone , decide whether or not to call mj . peter ( v.o . ) I be pretty sure I break she heart . ( beat ) flash forward , I be in my apartment do pushup , do ab crunch , get strong -- reveal peter , with he costume half on , eat pizza - - peter ( v.o. ) -- when this weird thing happen . --a tremor hit the room cause the same strange '' color separation '' we see before . Peter 's whole body suddenly shake and vibrate as he look up -- -- where a psychedelic portal yawns OPEN , suck he toward it -- he body fly up , halftone more prominent -- 46 . peter ( v.o ) .-. and I gotta say , weird thing happen to I a lot . but this be real weird . Peter use he limb to fight but it 's too strong ... the portal close . the pizza slice drop on the floor . int . inter-dimensional portal - continuous halftone Peter fly scream through a insane multiverse , try to pull he mask on ... .-- he be fall towards a strange kaleidoscope of spider - men , just like we see earlier , towards the bright CENTER ... ext . brooklyn - night Peter explode in a ENERGY burst out of the collider ( the pulse from earlier that spread through Brooklyn after spider - man and Green goblin fall into the beam ) . Peter tumble and careen through a blur of CITY and night sky as he molecule solidify , finally come to rest in -- time square Peter slowly stand , stare open - mouth at strange building , billboard and store with close- but-not-quite - right logos . peter ( v.o . ) ..-- you see I be in New York , but ... thing be different . finally Peter look at a ticker - tape LED sign in front of nnn ( National News Network - - a cable station ) : " new york 's hero , spider -man , found dead at 26 " peter ( v.o. ) also I be dead . and blonde . I be kind of ... perfect . it be like look in a mirror . we cut from ripeter to this new Peter , lifting he mask . one slick and new , one old and beat up . CUT to Peter at spider - man 's funeral . mj give she eulogy . mj my husband Peter parker be a ordinary person . ( more ) 47 . mj ( cont 'd ) he always say it could have be anyone behind the mask . peter ( v.o. ) I have a feel the thing that bring I here , be the thing that get he kill . you wanna know what happen next ? ( beat ) I too . we see mile " venom strike " again . seq . 1400 - the cemetery '' CEM '' - part 2 mile approach the figure . a flash of spidey - sense . the figure look like Peter parker , but with brown hair . mile who be you ? police officer # 1 ( 0.s. ) what be you do over there ? freeze ! pdny ! a flashlight find mile who startle , hand up . -- mile decide to run ! but he 's tie to a unconscious body , and be snapped back -- mile be you kid I right now ? Police approach , turning on body cameras . mile gasp . frantic , he pick up the immobile " Peter " on he back -- police officer # 1 stop ! stop ! police officer # 1 ( cont 'd ) hey kid , drop the body ! mile pick up surprising speed , tracking footprint in the snow which Peter 's drag leg quickly blur . police officer # 1 ( cont 'd ) hey kid ! get over here ! mile see the glint of the web shooter on Peter 's wrist . thinking fast , he aim Peter 's arm to shoot webbing . the web dart out and attach to a nearby tree . mile and Peter swing forward -- 48 . mile -- see ya , officer ! -- -- then they crest , and go sailing back -- mile ( cont ’d ) -- oh come on -- they spin through the AIR then smack onto a wall , Peter dragging mile down -- -- Peter land in the snow and mile land in he lap . police officer # 2 C ’mon now ! put they ' up , son ! mile put he and Peter 's hand up . flop the hand around as he gesticulates -- -- mile accidentally use Peter 's web shooter , fire it toward a oncoming elevate train ... it connect ! mile adios ? --whoosh ! mile and Peter be whipped out of frame and dragge away through the snow by the train . bam ! he slam into the peter parker gravestone , knock out as mile pinballs from gravestone to gravestone -- mile ( cont ’d ) help ! somebody stop that train ! seq . 1450 - the spider -men '' tsm '' ext . new york CITY - continuous mile and a unconscious Peter get drag through the city . the train lift they up into the air , above the traffic as cop car follow behind , siren blazing . peter lip flap . the trajectory of the train lower they down towards a unsuspecting bicyclist . mile and Peter get tangle with the bicyclist , cause he to go fly in the air ( multipanel ) . peter ( very groggy ) oh , hey , what the ...? 49 , they whiz through oncoming traffic , pedestrian , mile try to swing he weight around to maneuver through . try to lift up Peter , mile instead force he face into the ground . Peter be knock unconscious again . mile I ’m go to die !! mile realize he have to handle this somehow -- -- mile puppet peter 's body , move Peter 's leg and arm to parkour over car , push off sign , anything to survive . two cop sit in traffic - they radio crackle to life . radio .-. look like a child dress as spider - man drag a homeless corpse behind a train -- the guy hit the siren light -- -- Peter come to again , so groggy .. mile yes ! I do not kill you ! peter who be you ? mile who be you ? peter mile ( cont 'd ) ( groggy ) -- I be not ! I be try to save why be you try to kill you ! I ?-- --bam ! Peter 's head hit a traffic light and he be knocked unconscious again -- Peter come to again as they stick to the side of a bus and slowly sliiiiiide along the window . the train keep move , the web be stretching taut ... Peter come to again , so groggy ... finally , the train stop at a station and they come to a stop at a intersection . mile and Peter detach onto a sidewalk surround by new yorker who simply walk over they . mile ( cont ’d ) hey , uh , maybe you guy can go around ? alright . thanks , New york. 50 . seq . 2100 - getting answer , boom ! '' gab '' int . uncle aaron's apartment - night time CUT : peter' Pov -- he open he eye . peter ( v.o. ) what be that ? kid electrocute I ... with he hand ? Peter , so groggy , be tie to a punch bag . the punch bag be tie with many many many many rope . and computer cord . like a homemade spiderweb . mile sit opposite he . a flash of spider -sense . Peter realize what mile be . peter you be like I . mile put up a tough front . he nearly pull it off ... mile ( tough voice ) I get some question . Peter lunge erratically . mile startles , frighten -- mile ( cont ’d ) why do you look like Peter parker ? peter because I be Peter parker . mile then why be not you dead ? why be you hair different ? why be you older , why be you body ... a different shape ? peter pretty sure you just call I fat . mile no , no you just -- peter -- hey listen , you do not look so hot either kid . most superhero do not wear they own merch . 51 . mile look at he outfit and frown . why be this dude throw shade at he ? mile -- be you a ghost ? -- peter -- no -- mile -- be you a zombie ? -- peter -- stop it -- mile -- be I a zombie ? -- peter you be not even close . mile be you from another dimension ? ( Peter be quiet ) like a parallel universe where thing be like this universe but different ? and you be spider - man in that universe ? but somehow travel to this universe , but you do not know how ? peter wow . that be really just a guess ? mile well , we learn about it in physics . peter -- quantum theory . mile ( realize ) this be amazing . you can teach I just like Peter say he would -- peter -- before he die . mile yeah , exactly . peter yeah , alright . 52 . mile look I make a promise to he . peter here 's lesson number one , kid . do not watch the mouth . watch the hand . Peter hold up he untied hand . mile be flabbergasted . Peter stand up . before mile can react , Peter leap , kick -spin the punch bag toward mile , knock he over hard ! mile Peter , seriously -- -- Peter webs he mouth shut . Peter bound to the window . turn back ... feel guilty . peter trust I , kid , this will all make you a better spider - man . Peter leap from the window -— -- but he power glitch , he fall . we hear he scream , then hit the fire escape . seq . 1750 - teaming up '' teu '' ext . FIRE escape - night mile hey , be you okay ? peter no I be not . mile what 's go on with you body ? peter I do not think my atom be real jazze about be in the wrong dimension . ( glitches ) look , I be not look for a side gig as a spider - man coach . I get a lot go on in my dimension , like a lot . 53 . mile with great power come great -- peter do not you dare finish that sentence - - do not do it . I be sick of it . ( glitches ) want my advice ? go back to be a regular kid -- mile I do not have a choice . kingpin 's get a supercollider . he 's try to kill I . peter wait a second , what do you just say ? mile kingpin 's try to kill I . peter who care about that ? where 's the collider ? mile Brooklyn . under fisk Tower . peter Goodbye ! Peter start walking down the build . mile sttuggle to follow . ( note : rest of scene stage like a classic NYC movie '' walk and talk '' but it’s vertical ... and one of the participant hasn't learn to walk yet ) mile where be you go ? peter when it run again , I 'il just jump in and get back to my life -- mile -- you can not let they run it . I be suppose to destroy it so it never run again or everyone 's gonna die -- peter ( mock ) -- or everyone 's go to die . that be what they always say . ( more ) 54 . peter ( cont 'd ) but there 's always a little bit of time before everybody die , and that 's when I do my best work . mile be not you go to need this ? mile produce the goober . peter ah you have a goober . give it . Peter reach out . mile hold it back . mile ( hold it back ) wait , no . not so fast . he call it a override key . peter there 's always a bypass key , a virus key , a who - care key I can never remember so I just call ita goober . give it . mile I need it to destroy the collider . peter I need it to go home ! mile put it in he mouth . mile ( mouth full ) no ! I ‘’1l swallow it , do not play with I ! peter what ? Peter start to walk again , know he will provoke a response . mile ( mouth full ) I say -- without even look at mile , Peter nonchalantly web the goober right out of mile mouth . mile ( cont 'd ) hey ! 55 . peter the collider create a portal that bring I here . and I have to g -- ( realize ) do you break this ? mile no , it ... break . I do not remember what happen . peter this be why I never have kid , this be why I never do that . mile can not we make another one ? peter no , we can not do anything . thanks to you I have to re-steal what you guy steal from alchemax and make another one of this . mile look , if I do not turn off the collider after you leave , everyone in this city , my parent , my uncle , and million of other will die , and you be just gonna go home and leave I here to figure this out for myself ? you good with that , spider - man ? peter yeah . Peter walk away over the top of the building and disappear from sight . mile , utterly defeat sit down on the wall . with he head in he hand . Peter peek he head back over the ledge . not so far below the surface be the guy who use to care , but ... peter ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? mile make you feel guilty . be it work ? 56 . peter how could it , no -- look at I , do it look like it 's work ? no it 's .. no it 's ... ohhhh ... ( scream into he jacket ) ahhh !!! no ! no ! do not let he win ! mile raise he head up to see Peter walk back towards he . peter ( cont 'd ) alright kid you win . ( then ) C ’mon , we do not have a second to lose . mile smile . seq . 2120 - greek diner _ '' grk '' ext / int . greek diner - early morning --match CUT mile 's face , annoyed . Peter stuff he face while mile watch . this be not a normal spider - man . peter I love this burger . so delicious . one of the best burger I have ever have . in my universe , this place close six year ago . I do not know why . I really do not . ( the check arrive ) you have money right ? I be not very liquid right now . mile can we focus ? peter uh huh sure . mile the other Peter -- peter ( reach for mile 's burger ) you gonna eat that ? I be listen . 57 . mile the other Peter say he be go to be show I the rope . peter wow . mile you get any spider - man tip you can tell I now ? peter yeah I get plenty . disinfect the mask . you be gonna want to use baby powder in the suit , heavy on the joint . you do not want any chafing , right ? mile anything else ? peter nope , that be everything . mile I think you be go to be a bad teacher . peter mhmm .. look up where alchemax be . mile ( read from he phone ) a private technological campus in Hudson Valley , New york. ( excited ) you can teach I to swing on the way there . Peter laugh . seq . 2140 - hitching a ride '' har '' time CUT -- Peter and mile ride a bus through the Hudson Valley . peter I be not swinging to the Hudson Valley , mile . not after a hearty burger- breakfast . keep you leg fresh , you be gonna thank I later . as mile shake he head we CUT to : 58 . seq . 2300 - use the good fear '' ugf '' ext . alchemax lab - day unzip ! short down ! mask on ! they suit up ! reveal mile wear a yellow cape with he spidey -suit . peter and it 's a no on the cape . mile I think it 's cool . Peter grab the cape . mile grab it . a bit of a tug of war . peter take that off , it 's disrespectful . spider - man do not wear a cape . finally Peter yank the cape from mile . mile and Peter lie at the edge of the wood scoping it out . beautiful Zaha Hadid style building , a dream campus . pepper amongst be thuggish guy in lab coat . mile so how do we retrace Peter 's step ? peter that 's a good question ... what would I do if I be I ...? ( think for a second ) get it . step one : I infiltrate the lab ... we quickly see multi - panel image of the mission go off without a hitch -- and with mile barely appear . peter ( cont 'd ) two : find the head scientist 's computer -- mile interrupt he image of a classic scientist . mile that lady with the bike be the head scientist . I see she in this documentary at school . peter cool . step Three : I re-examine my personal biase . step four : I hack the computer -- 59 . -- mile pop into the multi-panel image of Peter downloading the override code from the scientist 's computer -- back live mile -- it 's not technically hack . it 's kinda -- peter ( shove he out ) -- not now hold on , I just lose my train of think ... step five : download the important stuff , I 'il know it when I see it , and step six : I grab a bagel from the cafeteria and run . mile so what be I do ? peter -- uh step 7 : you stay here , you be lookout . very important . mile react . mile look , man you have to teach I to do spider - man stuff or I be not go to be able to help -- peter ( stretch ) alright ... ( swinging away ) watch and learn , kid , I 'il quiz you later ! -- then he 's go , stealthily swinging across the clear toward the alchemax build , where Peter crawl down to a grate , open it , and enter . now mile be alone in the wood . mile ( so mad ) why do I get stick with the janky - old , break , hobo spider - man ? mile punch the rock and crack it . mile ( cont ’d ) that 's new . 60 . suddenly a limo pull up to the build , and who should step out but kingpin , flanke by tombstone , he walk into alchemax . mile freeze . mile ( cont ’d ) kingpin ! he hide behind the rock , think . what do he do ? what do he do ? what do he do ? --hard CUT to mile run across a field towards alchemax . mile ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what be I do ? what be I do ? what be I do ? what be I do ? mile look over the side of the building , as kingpin and tombstone enter . he awkwardly enter the OPEN grate into -- seq . 2350 - in the vent '' itv '' int . alchemax lab - vent mile crawl through . he follow kingpin , with tombstone , march through the hall below . kingpin block light from below as he walk . mile ( whisper ) Peter ! Peter -- mile be not look where he 's go , so he fail to notice the large butt ahead , crashing into it -- mile ( cont 'd ) Peter ! peter yeah , what be you do here ?! mile kingpin 's here ! just move over ! -- mile try to worm up next to Peter . mile and Peter complain like two brother share a sleep bag . peter c'mon ! you be step on my foot ! 61 . mile move a little to you right -- peter go back outside ! mile no , I can not sit there and just let spider - man die without do anything about it . I be not do that again . Peter react . soften . mile ( cont 'd ) what ? peter ( think it over ) most people I meet in the workplace try to kill I , so , you be a nice change of pace . head scientist ( 0.s. ) uh , Mr. fisk ! below the vent , the head scientist lead kingpin to a computer -- head scientist ( cont ’d ) -- look at this data . I know you can not really understand it , but this be really good number -- int . lab - continuous she go to the computer and enter she password . peter and ... I get the password ! head scientist ( show photo of cluster pole and buss , etc . ) uh Mr. fiske . if we fire again this week , there could be a black hole under Brooklyn . you see this ? and this ? this be multiple dimension beginning to crash into each other . vent : mile and Peter listen . mile grow very nervous Peter notice . 62 . peter ( reassure ) -- this be pretty standard spider - man stake , you get use to it . watch this , he 's go to say ' you have get 24 hour ! 's kingpin you have get twenty - four hour . head scientist what this mean be that there could be a rupture in the space time continuum . peter oooh , that 's bad . actually everything she say be bad , I be lie before . -- the group below be exiting . as they do Peter spring into action -- -- Peter climb out of the air vent and smoothly crawl upside down along a ceiling duct and jump down . he start hack into the scientist 's computer . he hear she off -screen talk to fisk . head scientist ( 0.s. ) ok hold on , let I show you some more data -- Peter look back , see mile out of the vent . peter what be you do , bud ? mile exert himself , try to unstick . he shake he head . mile I can not move ! peter ok , relax you finger ! we do not have time . just '' let go , '' be in the moment ! mile -- I be in the moment , it 's a terrible moment ! -- CUT outside to kingpin and the head scientist . 63. head scientist I be not refuse -- kingpin no more excuse ! head scientist -- I just need more time . CUT back inside to mile . peter they be right there , they be go to see you ! mile , you gotta unstick . what do you do to relax ? mile relax . okay ... beat . mile begin to sing he song from the open . peter oh , for cry out loud . mile start hum to himself . he unstick a finger . then another . start to move he hand . -- the rest of mile 's finger come unstuck and mile start to fall . mile and the metal duct crash to the ground with a huge clang ! peter ( cont 'd ) teenager , just the worst -- seq . 2400 - alchemax lab '' acl '' int . lab - continuous Peter 's spider - sense motivate he to look at the door 's window , through which he see the head scientist turn back to her office , have hear the crash . peter -- mile ? where do you go ? he 's nowhere to be see . but we can hear he . they continue to whisper -yell . mile ( invisible ) I be right here . 64 . peter where ? I can not see you . mile ( invisible ) I be right in front of you . can spider - man turn invisible ? peter not in my universe . mile ow ! you just poke I in my eye ! peter ( marvel ) this be incredible -- some kind of fight or flight thing . mile what 's that ? the head scientist walk toward her office to investigate -- Peter turn , suddenly in a panic -- peter -- remember this password ! : dgfampesand4$35876534545435-— mile slow down , Peter ! I -- I need to write it down ! peter mile ( cont 'd ) ( smoothes hair under -- how do I do that ?!-- mask ) -- and download the schematic -- peter -- while I turn on the charm . the head scientist walk into she office to see spider - man stand '' casually '' with he arm on she desk and a metal duct dent in the middle of the floor . head scientist spider - man ? peter oh , hey . do not see you there ... 65 . head scientist wow . okay I be kinda freaking out right now . I mean , you be suppose to be dead . peter surprise !-- the head scientist suddenly pull up spidey 's mask -- peter ( cont 'd ) whoa !-- ok that 's a no - no , we do not like that -- -- revealing Peter 's face . on the head scientist , she gasp . she quickly appraise he up and down , now laser focussed --. head scientist this be fascinating . she snap on a latex glove and grab Peter 's face . peter -- ok , that 's m’face -- head scientist a entirely different Peter parker . the head scientist bend down to poke Peter 's stomach . behind she we see semi-visible mile run around , confuse . Peter 's eye widen -- he 's gonna be catch ! head scientist ( cont ’d ) ok , a little bit of a gut , perhaps from dimensional warping . peter oh yeah , yeah , yeah . I be way flatter before I warpe . mile arrive at the computer and frantically plug in he drive , type the password : dgfampesand # 4 $ ... then ...?? head scientist ( 0.s. ) ( to herself ) Travel through the multiverse appear to have deteriorate ... on mile / the screen : 66. mile ( to himself ) 3454543 ... ah what be the rest ?! mile pause , unsure of the rest . Peter whistle . the head scientist look up at peter in response , a little suspicious - — — peter ( cover ) -- how old be you ? you do not look a day over 35 ! mile type the 35 . it work ! but then a baffling desktop full of file appear . mile ( to himself ) organize you desktop , lady ! as Peter frantically clock mile while try to not be obvious -- the scientist shove Peter into a chair , hard -- head scientist this might pinch a little . --mechanical restraint strap Peter to the chair . peter ow ! ow , ow ! she grab a tool . advance . head scientist I know , I just need to get this sample . she jam a tongue depressor in Peter 's mouth . peter yeah , ok . the head scientist study a sample on a slide . head scientist wow . just complete cellular decay . I have never see anything like this . Peter see a monitor and computer floating in the AIR . peter ( whisper ) what be you do ? 67 . mile ( whisper ) I be just take the whole thing ! the head scientist turn to look at Peter . head scientist and obviously you have be glitch . peter ( glitch ) glitch ? no . why would you even say that ? head scientist if you stay in this dimension too long , you body 's go to disintegrate . do you know how painful that would be , Peter parker ? peter uh , I do not know . head scientist you can not imagine . ( weirdly intense ) and I , for one , can not wait to watch . peter ( long beat ) what do you say you name be ? head scientist Doctor olivia octavius . oh no . she take off she blue glass and put on red goggle . her tentacles unfurl . one tentacle grab Peter by the neck and slam he into the wall . lady and gentleman , meet this dimension doctor octopus . peter can I assume that you friend call you Doc ock ? head scientist my friend actually call I liv. ( then turn ) my enemy call I Doc ock . Peter shoot a web towards the door control panel , open the door for mile to escape through . 68 . peter I get this ! run ! doc ock who be you talk to ? mile look down the empty hallway but hesitates leave Peter behind . peter doc ock ( cont 'd ) I get it ! oh , you get it Peter ? mile take off down the hallway . Peter be repeatedly slammed into the glass wall as mile run by he -- peter -- I get it handle buddy ! everything be fine ! the alarm blare , with red alert lighting -- int . hallway mile run , terrify , carry the computer . flash between visible and invisible like a human strobe light . so many emotion swirl he power can not tap into just one -- he run into a lab assistant , turn visible -- mile lab assistant daaaaaaaahhhhhh ! ! daaaaaaahhhhhhh ! ! peter ( fly by in background ) okay this be a little bit bad . doc ock ( 0.s. ) oh , you be chatty ! the Lab Assistant leap up , freak -- she sure look like gwanda in a lab coat ... Peter and Doc ock continue fight through office and laboratory . it 's , well , let 's let Peter tell we : peter -- and this be the moment that I be lose the fight . -- boom ! peter smashes through the wall and land next to mile . Peter wince in pain . mile hold up the computer and monitor , shrug . 69 . peter ( cont 'd ) alright , let I tell you the good news . we do not need the monitor . Peter grab the monitor , throw it ---- Peter be already swinging out the door . mile be shocked -- -- then , through the dust we see the iconic 4 metallic armed silhouette of doc ock ! she emerge , tower above . doc ock Peter ! you do not tell I you have a invisible friend ! could you give I that back , young man ? mile -- Peter ! -— doc ock it 's proprietary . her arm extend to mile when Peter swing mile out the door . Peter yank he through the door , shoot another web to close the door in ock 's face ! Nice go , Peter ! seq . 2500 - escape hudson valley '' ehv '' ext . alchemax lab - - cafeteria day mile and Peter run out of a door and find themselves face a group of dining security guard grad student . a beat . peter wow . this have be a good time to turn invisible . mile yep . peter ok , not go to turn invisible . ( then ) selecting a bagel ... act super normal ... Peter start to walk past the Buffet super normal ( not normal at all ) , help himself to a bagel ... .-».- as he walk . mile follow . the Security Guard student notice -- 70. grad student -- spider - man ? peter you know it 's funny I get that a lot . mile hey . Peter trade mile the bagel for the computer . peter now we do a switchy -switchy . -- the student pull out weaponry . Peter grab the computer . as Peter and mile run , the student chase ! grad student grad student 2 hey ! hand up ! get back here ! where do you think you be go ? he take a bagel ! ext . alchemax lab - sundeck - continuous as they run -- Peter take off one of he web - shooter , throw it to mile , who struggle to put it on : peter alright time to swing , just like I teach you ! mile when do you teach I that ? peter I do not ! it 's a little joke for team building ! Peter pass a web-shooter throws mile off the deck , swinging into the forest . peter ( cont 'd ) alright , you ready ? mile of course I be not ready ! ext . hudson forest - continuous Peter swing into the tree , but mile be frozen . he 's never actually swing before ! 71 . mile be a disaster -- twisting and flailing on he web as gunfire explode branch and tree trunk around he . mile whoa , whoa , I can not do this yet ! peter everybody know that the best way to learn be under intense , life - threaten pressure ! mile fumble with he web shooter . mile c'mon , c’mon ! but he miss , tumbling to the ground ! Guards find he and start shoot . mile ( cont ’d ) uh oh . mile sprint along the forest floor as Peter swing above he . peter what be you do down there ?! mile I run better than I swing ! peter you gotta swing or they 's 1l catch you ! this be what you want ! mile hear a buzzsaw . Doc ock appear cutting down tree with she mechanical arm . peter ( cont 'd ) uh oh . mile try to find purchase with he web shooter but he keep miss . doc ock ( 0.s. ) come back , little boy ! Peter double back , yell advice back at mile . peter aim with you hip . look where you want it to hit . Square you shoulder . ( more ) peter ( cont 'd ) do not forget to follow through . do not shoot off you back foot . mile run up a tree -- he 's out of runway ! mile that 's too many thing ! peter then stop listen to I ! mile that 's the best idea you have have all day ! 72 . mile leap off the tree , shoot off a web and .. it connect ! he swing away as Peter knock down Doc ock . peter Nice mile ! mile swing onto a branch and swing alongside mile I be do it ! peter good , you be do it ! double tap to release and thwip it out again . thwip and -- mile okay . thwip -- peter -- and release . and thwip -- mile thwip -- -- we be actually seeing the '' thwip '' onscreen -— peter -- release . mile thwip . and release . peter you be a natural . peter/mile thwip . release . peter. 73 . peter feel the rhythm ? mile woohoo ! and release . peter good , mile ! it 's ugly ... but they look pretty good . they really do . mile I gotta say , you be amazing man ! peter we be a little team . I as the teacher who can still do it . you as the student who can do it just not as good . I be proud of we ! be there something you want to say to I ? just then , Peter glitch , fall down onto a thick branch . mile Peter ! mile crash onto the branch , grab the computer by it 's power cord . however , the branch break , cause both to fall down , which allow ock to grab the computer -- they be do for . but then -- --whoosh ! -- a black and pink blur swing by . mile ( cont 'd ) what the ... peter who do that ? in mid-air we see a mysterious girl in a hoodie and ballet shoe dispatch Doc ock while webbing Peter and mile to safety . she land , with mile and Peter in embarrassing position . she de-mask . wanda ( to mile ) hey guy . mile ( shocked ) gwanda ? 74 . gwen it 's gwen , actually . peter oh , you know she ? very cool . gwen I be from another dimension . I mean , another , another dimension . seq . 2545 - gwen 's flashback '' gfb '' comic book panel flip to reveal : spider -gwen # 65 : team up with ultimate spider -man ! gwen ( v.o . ) alright people . let 's start at the beginning one last time . my name be gwen stacy . int . supercollider staging chamber - flashback we intercut spider - gwen ( aka -gwanda ) battle the lizard ( vaguely resemble Peter parker ) in a slightly different location than the earlier Green goblin fight , but with identical shot language . gwen ( v.o. ) I be bitten by a radioactive spider . and for the last two year I have be the one and only spider - woman . ( then ) you guy know the rest . quick flash of 1 ) gwen bang on a drum set , 2 ) gwen 's dad in a cop uniform be save by spider - gwen , 3 ) spider - gwen deal the death blow to the lizard monster only for he to turn into peter parker as he die , gwen , devastate 4 ) gwen walking down the STREET , all alone , hand in pocket , and 5 ) spider - gwen fight Doc ock in a different collider room -- gwen ( v.o . ) I join a band . save my dad . I could not save my best friend , Peter parker . so now I save everyone else . and I do not do friend anymore . just to avoid any distraction . and one day this weird thing happen . 75 . gwen win the fight . yes ! but then a portal open above she and she 's sucked in , she particle become halftone - gwen ( v.0o ) .-. and I mean , like , really weird . ext . brooklyn - flashback gwen explode in a ENERGY burst out of the collider . gwen ( v.o. ) I be blow into last week . literally . I land in New York . but not my New York . gwen tumble and careen through a blur of CITY and night sky as she molecule solidify , timelapse showing her traveling '' back in time '' , then finally come to rest in - time square ... gwen slowly stand . stare at the same cocoa kola billboard where Peter find himself earlier . she see footage in Times Square of spider - man rescue people from earthquake - the same clip we see earlier in jefferson 's car . news anchor ... this be the second earthquake in the tri-state area this month . lucky for this folk , spider - man be there to save the day ! int . vision academy - hallway - flashback gwen get spider - sense , see mile , then get stick to he . gwen ( v.o ) my spider - sense tell I to head to vision Academy . I be not sure why until I meet you -- ext . hudson - present day mile I like you haircut . gwen you do not get to like my haircut . the sound of gunshot ring through the forest . the grad student be come . 76 . gwen fire she shooter and swing away . gwen ( cont 'd ) let 's go . Peter swing away . mile fumble with web-shooter ... mile how many more spider people be there ? peter -- save it for comic-con ! -- mile what 's Comic-Con ? -- as bullet hit , mile be webbed and pulled out of frame . seq . 2550 - super -villain getting angry '' sga '' ext . alchemax - SUN deck kingpin sit on the sun deck , slowly and purposefully clicking a ballpoint pen . his stare be hard and intense , but unfocus . flashback : CUT to a portrait of kingpin with he wife and son hang on a office wall . it 's knocked down when spider - man be thrown into frame , against the wall . kingpin be fighting spider - man , it 's brutal . kingpin you be dead spider - man . vanessa , kingpin 's wife in the portrait , walk in with they 13 year old son , richard just as kingpin be about to deliver the death blow to spider - man . they can not believe the level of violence they be see . vanessa Wilson , what be you do ? kingpin turn around with blood splatter on he face . he realize what they have see . kingpin vanessa . 77 . vanessa Richard , c’mon ... vanessa take Richard 's hand and flee . kingpin vanessa ! Richard ! no ! she get into she car and peel out . Richard turn around in he seat and look back at kingpin as they drive away . vanessa do not look back honey . it 's okay . it 's okay . Richard lock eye with a devastate kingpin . vanessa fly through a stop sign . her car be t-bon . present day : kingpin break the pen in half . ock swing in , dishevel . kingpin lean in with murderous eye . ock react , weapon drawn . a standoff . kingpin I kill spider - man . why do I just see two more ? doc ock there 's three actually . no this be good , this be very , very good . it mean you get what you want . it mean my collider work . ( almost hypnotic ) all we have to do be kill a couple spider ... and the collider will bring you family back ... as many family as you want . a tense beat , all wait for kingpin 's response . he imperceptibly nod to tombstone , who holster he gun . they turn and walk out . kingpin tomorrow at my collider . doc ock ( pique ) we collider . seq . 2700 - there be other '' tao '' 78 . ext . queen - morning a bus . inside , mile and gwen sit next to each other . gwen hold the break goober in she hand . both want to talk , neither want to start the conversation . it should feel kind of like they side - by-side in class . Peter snore in the back seat . gwen he break this ? mile yeah . he 's actually really embarrassed about it . so , just keep it between we , ok ? gwen I know where we can make a new one . and we will not let he break it this time . gwen and mile smile at each other . she 's let mile off the hook . mile I be sorry about you friend . gwen thanks , mile . ( then , continue ) I know how hard this be , to have to figure this stuff out on you own . it 's kinda nice not be the only spider person around . mile yeah . if you ever decide to do friend again , I could always open up a slot . a beat . gwen consider . gwen I will keep you post . mile smile at gwen . in the back seat , we see Peter be awake and listen . mile ( 0.s. ) cool . int . queen 's STREET - night 79 . Peter take in a SMALL house . there be card , bouquet , and toy clutter the porch . a text BOX onscreen tell we : somewhere in queen peter we should probably go . gwen Peter , we be literally on the doorstep . peter bad idea , bad idea , this be a bad idea -- gwen just relax . the front door open a crack , aunt may 's S eye peer out . aunt may you guy be all very sweet but no more fan today , please . aunt may 's eye widen . she step out onto she porch , stunne at the sight of Peter . be not he suppose to be dead ? and for Peter , be not aunt May dead ? peter I be not ready for this . aunt may Peter ... peter hey aunt May ... so this be go to sound crazy ... but I be pretty sure that I be from a -- aunt may -- a alternate dimension . peter yeah . May touch he face in awe . Peter absorb she touch . aunt may you look tired , Peter . peter well , I be tired . 80 . aunt may ( note he physique ) and older . and ... thicker . peter yeah , I have hear that already . aunt may oh jeez , be that sweatpant ? gwen yup . that 's what they be . mile I be there ... when it all happen . I be so sorry . aunt may and what dimension be you from ? mile Brooklyn . ( then ) do Peter have a place where we could make another one of this ? mile show she the bust doodad . aunt May regards it ... aunt may ( be : goober ) a goober ... follow I . back yard aunt May kick OPEN a door and lead they to a garden shed in the tidy yard . peter oh yeah , I get one of this too . a little shed where I keep my spider - gear -- --a spider -graphic begin to glow on the shed 's door , which open to reveal a elevator . aunt May look at Peter : be yours like this ? as they enter : peter ( cont 'd ) I mean , this place be pretentious . 81 . int . peter parker be lab - continuous -- into ripeter 's massive , spider -man meet calatrava lab : cramme with crime - fight and science gear , photo , hangout furniture , not to mention every spider - brand product in existence . they reach the bottom , fan out , explore . mile whoa . dude , be yours anything like this ? peter mine be like this , but take away the jeep , the plane ... imagine it way smaller . imagine a futon . I feel sad for this guy . mile notice one of 616 Peter 's costume ... it have a cape . he look back at Peter slyly , vindicate . Peter find a photo : ripeter and mj , together . happy . it hit he hard . mile notice . mile hey Peter , I think this be a cape . Peter can not help smile . gwen , in turn , watch this happen , she wheel turn . mile be look at the costume . his reflection , still a bit off-center . May walk up . aunt may Peter know how dangerous the job be . but he figure the only one who could stop this guy be spider - man . mile kingpin know we be come . we be go to be outnumber . aunt may do not be so sure . May hold out '' my name be '' sticker . aunt may ( cont ’d ) you might need this . 82. mile 's Pov : four set of eye open in the shadow . spider sense ring out everywhere . mile gasp . gwen spin around , on high alert . on a shocked Peter , mile , and gwen . aunt may ( cont 'd ) you think you be the only people who think to come here ? SOUND of blind flicking OPEN -- spider -man noir be light with venetian blind shadow , a black - and - white figure whose coat be inexplicably billow around he . spider-man noir hey fella . mile be he in black and white ? peter where be that wind come from ? we be in a basement . spider -man noir wherever I go , the wind follow . and the wind , smell like rain . SOUND of machine whirring above . boom ! peni parker jump down from above . peni hi guy ! konichiwa ! hajimemashita yoroshuku ? boom ! sp / / do , peni 's robot , land behind peni in a badass spider - pose . peter this could literally not get any weirder . spider - Ham walk into the shot next to Peter . Long beat . he stick out he hand for Peter to shake . spider -ham it can get weirder ! I just wash my hand that 's why they be wet . no other reason . all of they spider sense go off . all spider you be like I . 83. spider -ham / spider -man noir / peni parker sp / dr comic drop on top of gwen 's -- ultimate spider -man crossover ! spider -man noir / peni / spider - spider -man noir / peni ham ( staggered ) I be bitten by a radioactive my name be Peter parker / my spider . name be peni parker / my name be Peter porker . spider-ham I be bitten by a radioactive pig . noir dispatch endless bad guy . a spider in sp / / do 's helmet bite peni 's outstretch hand -- spider-man noir ( v.o. ) in my universe it 's 1933 and I ’ma private eye . I like to drink egg creams and I like to fight Nazis . a lot . peni ( v.o. ) I be from New York in the year 3145 . I have a psychic link with a spider who life inside my father 's robot , and we be best friend . forever . spider-man noir ( v.o. ) sometimes I let match burn down to my fingertip just to feel something , anything . full screen crazy spider -ham image : including he working at the DAILY beagle with a newsroom of beagle . spider-ham ( v.o. ) I be a photographer for the Daily beagle . when I be not pooch around , I be work like a dog try to sniff out the latest story . I frolic and I dance and I do this with my pants -- -- back live , as Peter interrupt -- peter ok , enough ! Peter turn to noir . peter ( cont 'd ) so , uh , how do you get here ? 84 . spider -man noir well , it 's kind of a long story . three second montage -- we see the collider explosion , but this time noir , peni , and Ham streak out of the explosion . they land in New York . match CUT to they in the hideout . noir maybe not that long . seq . 2800 - a puncher 's chance '' apc '' int . peter parker' lab peni and now we be just try to find a way home . spider-man noir the only way home be back through the collider gizmo . the only trouble be -- spider -ham -- one of we have to stay behind and destroy it . noir /ham / peni / gwen I will do it . mile no , no , no , you do not get it . peni do not get what -- they all glitch . Real ugly . mile none of you can stay here . if you stay here , you will die . I be the guy who 's go to turn it off and I be go to get you all home before I do . look , I make a promise . so I have to keep it . they all look at mile . it 's kind of inspiring , but -- spider -man noir -- who be you again ? 85 . Peter jump in , immediatley in '' music man '' sale mode , talk mile up . peter this be mile , and he 's go to save the multiverse . mile yeah man . peter this kid can turn himself invisible ! watch this , he can do it ... now ! mile struggle to turn invisible but he can not . mile I can not do it on command -- peter -- he can not do it on command . but it be cool . show they the zappy thing , mile . once again , mile try to show off he power but he can not do it . mile I can not do it on command -- peter -- he can not do it on command . but he can do so much more , like what else do you do -- mile just that two thing -- peter -- just that two thing . gwen look I have see he in action . he 's get potential . I think he 's gonna get we home . she say it with conviction . everyone want to believe it . noir step forward to prove it out . 86 . spider -man noir ok , little fella , kingpin 's gonna send a lot of mug after ya , I be talk hard boy , real biscuit boxer . can you fight they all off at once ? mile well , I , I have not actually fight anyone -- spider -man noir surprise attack ! mile try to fight noir , but noir knock he down . peni jump in . peni can you re-wire a mainframe while be shot at ? mile can I what ? peni show I ! noir surprise attack ! noir knock he down again . fast cut now -- gwen can you swing and flip with the grace of a train dancer ? spider -man noir can you close off you feeling so you do not get crippled by the moral ambiguity of you violent action ? aunt may can you help you aunt create a online dating profile so she can get out of the dang house once in a while ? spider-ham can you float through the air when you smell a delicious pie ? mile what ? 87 . gwen can you be strong ? peni -- ruthless -— - gwen -- discipline -- mile I do not know , maybe - - spider-ham ( make sound effect of smash he head ) -- bo -- spider -man noir -- show I some moxie , soldier -- gwen above all , no mater how many time you get hit , can you get back up ? spider -man noir because when a spider - man be on the floor -- gwen -- when you think you have give you all -- spider-ham -- when you think you can not keep go -- spider -man noir -- spider - man always get up . bam ! bam ! bam ! mile be knock down repeatedly . he lie on the ground . gwen you can do this ! all spider get up mile ! get up ! peter alright guy , cool it ... gwen C ’mon mile ! get up ! 88 . the spider watch mile struggle on the floor . he can not get up . concerned look be exchange . the spider gather in a circle to talk , leave mile behind . gwen ( cont 'd ) Peter , come here . you need to be more honest with yourself about this . he 's not ready , it 's obvious . spider-man noir there 's no way . he 's just a kid . gwen but if he can not do this , we have to stay and do it for he . spider-man noir he 's look right at we while we talk about he ... a beat , then Peter look to where mile be and realize -- the elevator be move up . peter mile ? mile ? ( sheepishly ) see that ? he can uh , turn invisible ... mile , invisible , ride the elevator . all the spider see be the shed door open way up in the rafter . seq . 1690 - looking for aaron '' lfa '' ext . CITY street / rooftop - night walking down the STREET , despondent . mile lift up he phone , check he message . we hear he parent message : jefferson ( v.o . ) mile , what be go on with you ? nobody have hear from you . we do not know what 's go on . look , if you be hide something from we , you need to come clean . you call I back . now . mile pick up speed . 89 . ext . uncle aaron's FIRE escape - later mile climb to the rooftop across from Aaron 's apartment . as he do we hear audio of a phone ringing and then we see -- int . squad car rio aye ... he 's not answer I either . jefferson be on the phone . Rio sit next to he . a click -- uncle aaron ( phone message ) -- it 's Aaron . I be outta town for a few day . hit you when I be back . peace . jefferson Aaron , it 's Jeff . look , I need you to call I if you have hear from mile . ext . uncle aaron 's apartment mile be on the fire escape , he open a window and climb in , call out for uncle Aaron . jefferson he have a soft spot for you and we have not hear from he . you know I would not reach out if this be not important . hope you be good . cuUT to , Jeff hang up the phone , look pensive . Rio look at he . seq . 1700 - uncle aaron be the prowler '' uap '' int . uncle aaron's apartment - continuous mile write a note : mile ( v.o . ) dear uncle Aaron , I gotta do something and I do not know if I can do it . I be scared man . I be just tired of let everybody down . you be the only one I can talk to . I just wish you be here . 90 . -- mile stop write when he hear a noise on the fire escape . uncle Aaron ? as the figure get closer , the silhouette become clear : the prowler . terrify , mile scramble to hide . the prowler enter -- but freeze . something feel wrong . remember , mile lower he spider -man mask . prowler' Pov : he look to the sofa , then around the room again , as if sense something . he pad quietly , towards where mile be hide . mile sit freeze , not dare to breathe . the prowler be there , inch from mile ' invisible face . prowler 's phone ring and he answer . prowler hello , Mr. fisk . I have get the security tape from the tunnel right here . if the kid 's out there , I will find he . prowler lift he mask , revealing himself as aaron . uncle aaron you know I , sir . I do not ever quit . mile ' eye go wide . he gasp and slowly back away -- --- Aaron 's head snap up at the sound . he look around the room and put he mask back on ... Aaron see the blur , follow to the window -- ext . uncle aaron be alley - intercut -- mile , as spider - man drop from the ladder -- prowler in pursuit , leaping from the FIRE escape . seq . 1725 - pursuit of spider -man '' pos '' ext . brooklyn street mile run , the prowler in pursuit on he motorcycle . in the middle of traffic , mile see that he seem to have lose prowler . but prowler follow from the rooftop , watch where mile go . 91 . seq . 2850 - he can ’t be a bad guy '' cbg '' int . peter parker' lab peni and sp / / do finish make a new goober . int . aunt may' house - live room noir lay on the couch , examine a rubik cube . peni hand Peter the new goober . he hang it around he neck with a lanyard . spider-man noir ( to Ham ) this be purple . spider-ham no . spider -man noir Blue ? spider-ham no . gwen have anyone hear from mile ? peter look , he 's just clear he head . I know the kid . he 's get what it take . I bet you he 's go to come back through that door recharge and ready to fight . gwen stare at Peter , not believe a word he 's say . just then -- --mile stumble in , a wreck . heaving -- mile my uncle ! peter hey , where have you be , we -- mile my uncle Aaron , he -- he -- he 's the prowler ! peter ok , slow down . slow down , miles. 92 . mile he work for kingpin , he try to kill I ! spider-man noir this be a pretty hardcore origin story . mile fight tear . the spider look to Peter -- who do not have the slight idea of what to say . peter it 's okay , it 's okay , we be gonna figure it out . gwen be you follow ? mile no . I do not think so . but they hear a rumbling ... and then - seq . 2900 - a epic battle '' aeb '' int . aunt may' house - continuous ding dong ! the door bell ring , then -- --crraaaaassssshhhhhhh !!! Doc ock suddenly walk in through the door . a tentacle shoot out and knock a tea tray out of aunt May 's hand . doc ock cute place . Real homey . aunt may oh great , it 's liv. mile ( heartbroken ) I guess I be follow . gwen oh no ... peter get out of here kid . mile turn to run through the kitchen but be block by tombstone . 93. tombstone you mess up big time kid . very sloppy . tombstone push past mile and we reveal scorpion behind he . scorpion mira todas esta arafitas . we see the English text onscreen , along with '' * translate from Spanish . '' Peter and the spider get into position . peter let I guess , you be scorpion ? well , we be the , uh ... spider-ga . aunt may would you mind take this outside ? noir we do not pick the ballroom we just dance . Doc ock see the goober on Peter 's person . doc ock oh , I think I ’1ll be take that . her tentacles reach out towards Peter and everyone leap into action . it 's a ten person fight in a tiny queen live room . scorpion corner mile , who defend himself with couch cushion ! scorpion ninoto dale . mile preparate a miror . a man stupid pillow ! the couch cushion be stuck to he hand and scorpion attack . spdr be there to save he as mile get unstuck from the cushion . Doc ock smashes Peter into the ceiling . aunt May swing she baseball bat at tombstone and knock he out the front door , onto the street . aunt may I say take it outside ! 94 , the goober come loose and mile go after it . mile I get it !! mile chase after the key but be throw against the wall . gwen web it away from Doc ock but scorpion knock it out of she hand . noir catch it but glitches , drop it . mile continue to chase after the key as it be kick around the room . he finally grab it when he spider - sense go off -- suddenly , the prowler crash in through the window , landing in front of mile . Peter web the goober out of mile 's hand . peter I get this buddy . ( to prowler ) leave the kid alone ! Peter and prowler fight and struggle for the goober . mile no , no , no . no ! Peter kick prowler off himself and out through the wall into the street . peter you gotta go , man . just then , sp / / do and Doc ock slam into Peter and all be knock out the front of the house into the street . seq . 2910 - exterior epic battle '' eeb '' ext . aunt may' STREET / house - day the battle be now on the rooftop and smash out of the front window , move out into the neighborhood . int . police car siren in the air . jefferson race through the street . police radio ( 0.s . ) .-- all vehicle in the area , we have a disturbance involve multiple spider ... people ? 95 . jefferson ( into radio ) yeah , on my way ! int . aunt may' house mile get up out of the rubble , the goober in he hand . the prowler dive right at he claw - first ! mile dive out of the way . the prowler instantly regroup and come at mile again , relentless . he swipe with he claw , narrowly miss mile . prowler give I that thing ! mile race through the house , the prowler in pursuit . they face off , the kitchen table between they . prowler ( cont 'd ) do not be stupid , kid . Hand it over , now -— -- prowler swipe down , destroy the table -- mile race up the stair , Aaron close behind . he grab mile ' leg but mile kick he away , continue upstairs to the hole sp / / do blast through the roof . ext . aunt may' house rooftop mile scramble up through the hole onto the roof -- but before he can swing away prowler land in front of he . mile be trapped ~ prowler nowhere leave to run . a standoff . mile pull off he mask ... prowler ( cont 'd ) ..- mile ? mile uncle Aaron . Aaron take off he mask as well . uncle aaron oh no no no no ... mile 's eye well up . 96 . mile ( barely a whisper ) please uncle Aaron . kingpin call Aaron from he car below , watch the standoff . kingpin -- prowler , what be you wait for ? finish it . a long beat ... and then Aaron pull down mile 's mask , and back away , he hand up . he smile at mile when -- --bang ! kingpin fire . Aaron 's eye go wide as he fall back . kingpin have shot he . kingpin aim at mile but Peter swing in and knock kingpin down . peter ( to mile ) get out of here ! mile scoops up Aaron and swing away . jefferson arrive and see two people swinging across the street . seq . 2920 - aaron 's death '' ARD '' ext . dark alley mile kneel over Aaron . uncle aaron ..- mile ... mile .-- uncle Aaron . this be my fault . Aaron take mile 's hand . shake he head '' no . '' uncle aaron no mile . I be sorry . I want you to look up to I . I let you down , man , I let you down . you be the best of all of we , mile . you be on you way . just ... keep go ... just keep go ... with mile at he side , he die . mile can not believe it . 97 . jefferson ( 0.s. ) hand up ! put you arm up now ! mile stand but do not turn around . put up he arm . jefferson ( cont 'd ) turn around . mile instinctively camouflage . Jeff look around , unable to see he . jefferson ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey !!! but as he advance , he see who the dead man be . jefferson ( cont 'd ) Aaron ? aaron. no ... no . Jeff touch he brother 's face , and recoil . on mile , camouflaged , see the grief hit he father . Jeff 's face harden . he turn on he shoulder radio . jefferson ( into walkie ) ( cont 'd ) all unit . I want a apb on a new spider - man . as jefferson slump we push in on mile , visible to we the way a heat signature be behind a jet engine . but we can clearly see he 's devastate . seq . 3050 - we need a plan '' nap '' int . vision academy - mile 's dorm - evening mile be tearing through he room in a emotional , teenage rage . he push all of he homework and book off he desk and he sketchbook fall open on the floor , the artwork he do with Aaron stare up at he . mile pick it up and throws it out the window . the notebook fly back through the window like a boomerang , mile catch it . Peter 's head pop into the window . he climb into the room , follow by the other spider . Peter walk up to mile and put a hand on he shoulder . peter hey , bud . you okay ? mile take a deep breath , hold back tear . 98 . peter ( cont 'd ) we have all be there . for I it be my uncle Ben . spider -man noir for I it be my uncle Benjamin . peni for I it be my father . gwen for I it be my best friend . spider -ham mile , the hardest thing about this job be you can not always save everybody . mile look , it be my fault . you would not understand . gwen mile , we be probably the only one who do understand -- --a jiggling at the door . peter oh no ... it swing OPEN -- -- revealing ganke , enter with he headphone on , play music . ganke cross to he desk and we reveal the spider - team plaster to the wall in back of he . oblivious , ganke grab he spider - Ham comic and start to read , foot on he desk . he take he headphone off and spin in he chair , now facing the spider -men , but with he comic block he view . peter ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) that way ! that way ! -- and the spider -man clump move to the ceiling and onto the wall in back of he . ganke then cross back -- peter ( cont 'd ) other way ! other way ! -- and the spider -man clump shift back to where it be . 99 . ganke sit . lift up he comic and lower the comic to see spider -ham . spider - Ham grin . mile hey there ! spider-ham do animal talk in this dimension ? Cause I do not wanna freak he out -- -- ganke faint to the ground , unconscious . time CUT -- mile put ganke into the bed . when mile turn around , gwen 's climb through the window , only Peter remain in the room . mile what 's go on ? gwen bye mile . peter mile , I come to say goodbye . mile we can say goodbye at the collider . peter you be not get it . you be stay here . mile I need to be there . so you can all go home . mile pick up the goober off he desk . peter they be go home , mile . I be the only one stay . a long beat . mile you be take my place ...? if you stay here you will die . peter I be do what need to be do . I just want you to hear it from I . mile what about mj ? 100 . peter ( look at the floor ) not everything work out , kid . I need the goober . ( then ) please do not make I take it from you . Peter step forward . mile furious -- mile that 's not fair ! you have gotta tell they I can do this ! peter it be not they decision . mile I gotta make kingpin pay ! you have to let I make he pay ! peter mile , you be gonna get yourself kill . mile but I be ready , I promise -- Peter do a combo move , nearly knock mile to the ground , if Peter be not there to catch he . mile hang down , hold up by peter . peter then venom strike I right now , or turn invisible on command so you can get past I . mile tries to do what he 's say but it only make Peter seem even more right . outside the window , the other spider listen to they conversation . peter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) look , I know how much you want this , kid . spider-man noir poor little guy . back inside the dorm room , Peter put mile down . peter but you do not have it yet . 101 . Peter webs a desk chair under mile , spin the chair , and web he into a cocoon , and take the key . peter ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . Peter can not look at he . mile when will I know I be ready -- -- Peter webs he mouth . peter you will not . it 's a leap of faith . that 's all it be mile . a leap of faith . Peter jump out of the window and swing away with the other spider . mile , tie securely to he desk chair , watch sadly from he window . seq . 3000 - I am spider -man '' ias '' int . vision academy - mile 's dorm - night time pass . mile stare ahead . --knock knock knock . he be jolted out of he self - pity by the knock at he door -- someone that can help he ! mile scooches towards the door excitedly , inch by inch on the chair . int . vision dorm hallway - night jefferson be in the hallway in full uniform . jefferson mile ! mile , it 's you dad . jefferson see a shadow move under the door - it stop . intercut between mile and jefferson mile , now a couple of foot from the door , freeze . jefferson ( cont 'd ) please open the door . 102 . mile start to slowly back away from the door , inch by inch . jefferson ( cont 'd ) mile , I can see you shadow move around . mile stop again . jefferson ( cont 'd ) yeah . ok , I get it . I get it . still ignore I . look , can we talk for a minute ? something happen ... jefferson struggle with what to say . jefferson ( cont 'd ) look sometimes , people drift apart , mile . and I do not want that to happen to we , ok ? look , I know I do not always do what you need I to do or say what you need I to say , but I be ... I see this ... this spark in you . it 's amazing , it 's why I push you . but it 's yours and whatever you choose to do with it , you will be great . mile 's eye be wide and soulful . he rest be head against the door , so close . jefferson ( cont 'd ) look call I when you can , ok ? I love you . ( then ) you do not have to say it back though . jefferson still wait for a '' I love you '' back . when he do not get it , he tap the door farewell and walk down the hall . mile close he eye and we sit with he for a beat . mile 's hand visibly relax as he venom strike start to crackle to life on he hand - use this memory be how he 's learn to control he power . mile use a mini venom strike to break free from the chair restraint . he can ’t beleive it . ganke bolt up , daze - but see nothing -- reveal mile have turn invisible and be exite the building . he 's in control . 103 . seq . 3010 - mile rise up_ '' mru '' ext . aunt may 's backyard - night quick cut a hand open the padlock . the light in Peter 's hideout flooding on to reveal aunt may sit in wait , sip tea . aunt may take you long enough . ext . brooklyn - williamsburg saving bank - night Cloud gather . total coincidence . push in on a gargoyle near the building 's very tippy top . we do not see anyone . until ... lightn reveal a camouflaged mile . with each strike , we flash to mile 's journey to get to the top of the building . flash ! mile exit the subway . flash ! mile approach the spider-man suit in the spidey hideout . flash ! mile spray - paint a suit . jefferson ( v.o. ) I see this spark in you . it 's amazing . whatever you choose to do with it you will be great . rio ( v.o. ) we family do not run from thing . uncle aaron ( v.o. ) you be the best of all of we , mile . you be on you way . just keep go . mile ( v.o. ) when do I know I be spider - man ? back on mile -- move closer and closer to the edge . peter ( v.o. ) you will not . that 's all it be , mile ... a leap of faith . mile walk to the edge of the roof , the wind buffete ... and leap ! the camera be upside down . mile be not fall through frame . he 's rising . CUT to mile spray painting he new uniform . disinfecting he mask . putting baby powder on the joint . 104 . back live , mile be out of control , flail . mile shoot a web upwards between he leg ... the webbing stick to a building ... mile snap on web-shooter as aunt May watch . aunt may make ‘em myself . they fit perfectly . mile begins to swing . he move with purpose through New York , slide between taxi , across window -- he swing up on top of the Brooklyn Bridge and catch he breath . in the distance , we see fisk Tower . he 's ready . cover page : spider -man : mile morale seq . 3075 - storming the tunnel '' stt '' ext . brooklyn street - night the spider exit a bus . we see the whoosh of spider - people swinging up to the top of a crane like a swat team , until look down at the penthouse , stare into skylight . peni kingpin have a private elevator entrance from he penthouse to the collider below . spider -man noir do not count on have a audience . int . kingpin 's penthouse - entrance salon - night guest mill beneath massive banner depict spider -man and peter parker : " the peter parker memorial fund . " all spider you have get to be kid I . kingpin stand . cop and guard surround he . he take the dais , wave to the crowd . 105 . kingpin thank you , it 's nice to be with you this evening to celebrate spider - man . he and I be very close . he be always a favorite of my son . kid love spider - man , right ? still do . gwen what a pig . spider -ham ( offended ) I be right here . spider -man noir hold on , get a load of how the waiter be dress . it 's in poor taste but -- angle on the waiter : they be dress like tacky spider -men , with bowty . spider-man noir ( cont ’d ) it can not be that easy . int . fisk penthouse on our spider - team , move through the fundraiser . noir carry a serve tray , while Peter and gwen push a large cart which be make from a contorted , crawling sp / / do . spider-man noir it 's that easy . kingpin and I just want to thank Mary Jane parker for be here this evening . we prayer be with you Mrs. parker . as kingpin mention mj , Peter spot she in the crowd . uh oh . a beat . peter ( gasp ) --mj ? gwen pay attention ! it 's not the same mj , peter. 106 . peter I be sorry , I will be right back -- gwen no! Peter ! come here here ! trust I , I have be there . you gotta move on buddy . peter this will just take one sec . let I just -- oh ! -- he turn he cart toward mj . he bump into mj . mj hello . peter oh wow . mj um , I just wonder if we could have some more bread at table twelve . peter yeah ! I be just , I be really sorry ... on gwen , horrify . mj oh , do not be sorry . it 's just bread . peter no , I be not there for you when you need I . mj mmmhmm .. . peter and I do not even try . mj that 's fine . I should really get go -- peter I know I could do better if I just have another chance to give you ... ( realize ) ... the bread that you deserve . 107 . mj be you ok ? -- gwen ma ’am we will take care of that bread right now . mj it 's be nice , uh , talk to you . peter for you they should fill this place up with fresh bread . gwen usher Peter towards the kitchen . gwen you alright , man ? peter yeah . totally . gwen ok good cause we be not get any bread . the table start to wobble , people look down at they drink which now have ripple a la jurassic Park . kingpin I be just sorry my family can not see what we be do tonight . int . collider control room Doc ock be hard at work on a computer , prepping the collider . she hit a button -- computer voice initialize primary ignition sequence . seq . 3090 - where they fight '' wif '' int . fisk tower Wilson fisk walk with purpose down a hallway . he walk past two guard and disappear into he office . as he pass , the guard be webbed . reveal the spider on the ceiling . spider - man noir webs they eye . 108 . spider-man noir ( creepy whisper ) sleeeeeeep . int . fisk 's office noir shoot at a panel in the elevator , allow they to swing down the elevator shaft . int . observation room kingpin enter with tombstone and see a wait Doc ock . kingpin start the sequence . Doc ock nods and a scientist take a piece of hair from vanessa 's brush to use as a DNA sample . scientist 1 upload vanessa fisk and Richard fisk DNA sequence . scientist 2 beginning scan for dimensional match . Doc ock fire the collider , a computer monitoring and call the collider 's status . computer voice secondary ignition in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 . the collider fire just as -- int . collider room -- the spider arrive ! they make they way to the top of the thundering collider , move like a military unit . ext . brooklyn street dimensional quaking occur , worse than before , people panicking -- the brooklyn bridge flicker , pedestrian scream . jefferson help a civilian and see fisk tower flicker in the distance . 109 . int . collider room they crest the hill and stare at the beam and the beginning of dimensional collapse . on gwen and peter . Peter be nervous . so be gwen . gwen Peter , you do not have to stay behind . I can do it . peter it 's okay . I have make up my mind . they all swing out to the ceiling of the collider room . peter ( cont 'd ) I will put the goober in and take over the beam . after you be go , I will blow it up . he start to crawl towards the panel . peter ( cont 'd ) good luck guy . Peter reach the panel . Peter be about to put the override key into the panel -- when the spider 's get spider sense -- gwen they know we be here . doc ock slowly emerge out of the ceiling . Real creepy like . doc ock Nice to see you again , Peter . Doc ock slam Peter onto the ceiling of the collider room . the spider rush to help Peter , but be attacked by kingpin 's thug . seq . 3100 - battle at the collider '' bac '' int . collider room [ note --- from here out we be watch a increasingly psychedelic depiction of dimension colliding , and the spidey have to do they job as it happen ] 110 . they battle , the spider fend off bad guy while glitch ! as the camera rover the spider interact . noir glitches and be catch under fire . peni come to save he . peni I get you cover ! -- gwen come flying in , slide down a gantry crane -- she see scorpion come towards she . gwen ugh , this guy be the pit . peni and sp / / do jump in to fight scorpion . on the ceiling , Peter struggle against ock . he try to reinsert the goober but he put it in the wrong way . peter why be this always difficult ? Doc ock drag he away from the panel . doc ock where be you go , Peter ? as she pull Peter in ... doc ock ( cont 'd ) any last word ? peter can I get a minute to think about it ? do you have a pen ? doc ock Goodbye Peter parker . suddenly , one of she tentacles punch she in the face . Peter react to Doc ock punch herself . doc ock ( cont 'd ) who do that ? she look around . reveal mile turn visible as he fly toward doc ock . peter mile ? 111. doc ock spider - man ? he shoot webbing , knock she back as she release she hold on Peter . mile catch he and they both land on the ceiling . peter wow mile ! you be do it on command ! mile about time right ? multipanel -- the spider react to see mile again . spider-ham hey , look who 's here ! peni mile ! gwen you figure it out . peter I love you ! I be so proud of you ! do I want kid ? Doc ock break free of she restraint and charge they . peter ( cont 'd ) oh yeah . I forget about she . as they fight , they all notice a box raise up towards the beam . peter ( cont 'd ) well that do not look promise . mile no , it do not . inside the observation room vanessa and Richard start to flicker into existence as kingpin watch from the observation room . scientist 1 I have get genetic match ! hold on ... it 's too risky ! kingpin shut up and turn it up ! 112. int . collider room the spider all battle bad guy as the room descend into more chaos . peter on you leave ! on you right ! I get 5 o'clock , 3 o'clock , 2 o'clock ! every direction ! mile on you right ! on you right ! camera fly back up through the building to the ball room . people be panicking . jefferson be run against the tide , on he phone . jefferson get to a shelter ! I 'il be right there ! inside a hospital , furniture multiply , the occupant panic . Rio be on the phone with jefferson . rio vamo senor . I have try the school , but I can not get through ! outside on the STREET the vision bridge '' quake '' , car split into multiple version of themselves , people run , scream . back in the collider room cluster building burst through the portal . the spider continue to battle as thing get crazy . on mile , peter , gwen and ock mile guy be you see this ?! Peter , mile , and gwen meet up on top of one of the collider gun . they look out over the chaos that be happen in the room . gwen look like we dimension be come to we . peter it do look cool though , right ? 113. gwen we gotta get back up there . should not be too hard -- they spider -sense go off - they turn around just as ock throws a bus at they ! noir and tombstone have a hand - to-hand fight . spider-man noir be that all you get ? you gonna fight or you just bump gum you hard boil turtle slapper ? noir pull a car on top of tombstone . it explode ( comic book burst card ) scorpion have sp / / do pin down . peni struggle to break free but scorpion start to destroy sp / / do , pull off and destroy the robot 's limb . as scorpion go to attack peni again , a anvil slam onto scorpion 's head . reveal that Ham have drop it on he . scorpion puerco ? what be you , some kind of silly cartoon ? spider-ham you get a problem with cartoon ? scorpion and Ham fight hand - to-hand combat . ham be freakin 's insane at fighting . Ham knock scorpion down and before he can get up , noir grab he tail and swing he around . as he let go and scorpion fly towards peni , she grab one of sp / / do 's detach arm and smashes scorpion with it . he 's out . spider-ham ( cont ’d ) ohhh do that feel like a cartoon ? on mile , peter , gwen and ock gwen and mile fight Doc ock , tag -team . gwen be impressed by mile . suddenly one of ock 's tentacles hit gwen hard and she fall back towards the beam . mile gwen !! 114 . mile fly after gwen , barely grab she . ( note : refer to '' gwen fall '' panel ) he swing back up with a recover gwen . gwen I like you suit . mile thanks . I make it myself . -- mile shoot a web strand back at Peter . Peter grab the web strand and pull it , give gwen superspeed . peter that be adorable team ! now hold on tight ! gwen fly in -- they all hit she 1- 2-3. ock fly back from the impact and smashes onto a building . furious , she race back towards they . gwen buckle up guy , this be go to take a while . Doc ock be hit by a rogue 18 wheeler . gwen ( cont 'd ) alright , never mind . let 's end this thing . mile take control . he 's the quarterback now . mile guy , I get it . peter I will go . I be the one with the goo - mile hold up the goober . peter ( cont 'd ) oh you gotta be kid I . mile do not watch the mouth . watch the hand . 115 . he shoot a web and swing off through the chaos in the collider room . peter mile ! gwen be careful ! on mile as he head to the panel , do he own version of blonde Peter 's swing - crawl - flip to the panel . mile that be crazy . back on Peter and gwen . peter ah we teach he that right ? gwen I do not teach he that . and you definitely do not . Peter and gwen swing off to join mile . on peni , noir and ham as sp / / do SPARKS and die , peni take out she spider . she turn to look at the destroy robot , tear in she eye . noir step up , put he hand on she shoulder . noir you okay ? ( tenderly ) c'mon ... she jump on noir 's back and with Ham , they swing away to join mile at the panel . on mile at the panel Inside be the mess of wire and equipment ripeter see . mile insert the goober . mile guy ! I get control of the beam ! get up here ! computer voice alert ! quantum polarity have be reverse . 116 . in observation room kingpin 's look up and see mile at the panel as the other spider join he . kingpin , enraged , slam down on the control panel in front of he , smashing the window of the observation room . in the collider room the room shake , inter-dimensional quake rocking the collider room and all of brooklyn . the spider converge on the panel gwen guess this be it . peni well , nice to know we be not alone . right ? gwen yeah . they all look around at each other . they want to go home ... but part of they want to stay . mile punch a code into the keypad and twist the goober . mile I get the portal open . you first peni . she smile . peni thank you , mile . from both of we . peni jump into the beam . mile punch in another code and look to noir . spider-man noir I , uh , love you all . ( hold up a rubik 's cube ) I be take this cube thing with I . I do not understand it , but , I will . noir let go and disappear . spider - Ham hold up a huge mallet . he 's near tear . spider-ham I want you to have this . it will fit in you pocket . 117 . mile take it . spider-ham ( cont ’d ) that 's all folk . Ham jump . peter be he allow to say that ? legally ? mile turn to gwen . a beat . awkward . just like the classroom , but ... mile do I get to like the hairdo now ? gwen laugh . gwen you know I be older than you . Fifteen month , but it 's pretty significant if you ask I . mile well , Einstein say time be relative , right ? gwen ( laugh ) Nice . she turn away , uncomfortable with the moment . mile hold out he hand . mile Friends ? a long beat . gwen grab he hand and hold it . gwen Friends . mile cool . gwen see you around spider - man . she elegantly leap into the beam . mile turn to Peter . mile you turn . 118. peter ( hesitant ) yeah yeah right ... Peter look down and hesitates . he’s scare to go -- they're both hit with a surge of spider - sense . mile and Peter look down to see kingpin have leave the observation room and be now leap - frogging he way across building towards they . kingpin you be not go anywhere ! Peter assess the situation . peter I will hold he off , you shut this down ! Peter jump away from the panel , go towards kingpin . mile be surprised . mile Peter , that be not the deal ! peter push the green button ! do not wait for I ! but Peter be leaping away already , swinging , when a web stop he and yank he back to - — mile , on the other end of the web ! peter ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? mile Peter , you gotta go home ! peter this guy could kill you ! I can not let spider - man die . mile ( defiant ) neither can i. peter it 's ok . mile yeah , it be ok . 119 . mile drop kick Peter and hold he suspend over the portal . it look exactly like when Peter challenge mile in he dorm room before tie he up . mile ( cont ’d ) ( with empathy ) you gotta go home man . peter ( suddenly sad and scared ) how do I know I be not gonna mess it up again ? mile you will not . peter ( realize ) right . it 's a leap of faith . Peter take he hand off mile hand , readying himself . mile drop Peter into the portal . Peter smile as he disappear into the portal . peter ( cont 'd ) not bad , kid . mile pull he mask back down and turn to face the approach kingpin . they face off . mile kingpin ! kingpin smashes the building , cause a ripple of glass to fly towards mile . mile backflip out of the way . kingpin pull out a gun and mile webs it away . mile ( cont ’d ) nope ! sorry . that 's cheating ! he start to advance when a subway train suddenly speed by , head towards the panel . mile shoot a web at the train and hitches a ride . mile ( cont ’d ) adios ! seq . 3150 - inter-dimensional fight '' idf '' 120 . ext . subway train mile land on the side of the train and look around to locate the panel . mile I gotta get to that button . just then , the window on the train break and a pair of hand pull mile in . it 's kingpin ! int . subway train -- from another dimension . it continue to toggle between other dimension , it feel like a subway car maze . mile flicker in and out invisibility as he evade kingpin 's punch . but kingpin predict mile 's next spot and land a hit . mile try to venom strike but it fizzle out . mile oh no ... kingpin not so easy do it on you own be it ? kingpin grab mile around the neck and slam he against the wall . kingpin ( cont 'd ) I can not wait to kill one more spider - man . a enraged kingpin be about to deliver the death blow to mile , just like he do to ripeter when -- -- vanessa and Richard appear and they don ’t recognize kingpin . multiple vanessa and richard now glitch in and out . vanessa what be you do ? where be I ? kingpin what ... vanessa 2 Wilson ... mile ( sadly ) be this what you want man ? 121. vanessa 3 what be you do ? you stay away from we . kingpin ( cont 'd ) vanessa ? vanessa ! Richard ! richard what be we do here ? vanessa 4 I do not know Richard ... kingpin vanessa it 's I . you know I ! vanessa 5 ... we be leave now . vanessa and Richard be frighten . they do not recognize kingpin . they see he about to kill spider - man and they run through the door behind they . kingpin do not go ! stay with I ! please ! kingpin react and run after they , drop mile . he enter the train car and find it empty ... he family have go back into the multiverse . ext . subway train mile climb out of one of the window and onto the side of the speed train . he look around and locate the panel . he be about to web away when kingpin burst through the side of the train and land in front of mile . he 's lost everything , but he 's not lose the fight . kingpin you be not stop this . not today . mile I be stop this ! right now ! in the observation room jefferson walk in and examine the control room . it 's trash as a result of the interdimensional event go on . he look out the front of the room and witness the chaos take place in the collider room . 122 . the train car whizze by with kingpin and mile fight on top of it , in clear view of jefferson . jefferson ( into he walkie ) I need back up ! he only hear static . in the collider room kingpin and mile fight , kingpin with renew fury . kingpin throw mile off the train and they continue fight as they fall , drown in sienkowicz / kirby psychedelia . kingpin and mile crash into the Brooklyn Bridge . a daze mile shake off the collision on the bridge , he mask off . he stagger to he foot . kingpin be already stand , unsteady but still dangerous . kingpin and mile square off , two exhaust boxer . kingpin suddenly reach out . he brutally shove mile to the ground . mile roll away and try to get up . he 's hurt . he look up and see kingpin come after he again . kingpin grab mile by the head and sling he against a pile of debris . mile smashes into the ground , try to get up and slip . kingpin the real spider - man could not even beat I . you be nothing ! kingpin be out of breath but he be enjoy beat the hell out of mile . mile keep getting up and kingpin keep knocking he down . mile keep get back up , he 's exhaust . kingpin ( cont 'd ) you take my family , and now I be gonna make sure you never see yours again . kingpin knock mile down again and approach to finish he off . just then , a voice be hear in the distance ... jefferson get up , spider - man ! mile eye flicker open at the sound . he look to the control room , where he see someone move around . it 's he dad . 123 . jefferson ( cont 'd ) get up ! c’mon ... c’mon. mile ( struggle ) c'mon ... c’ mon ... come on ... it take he a few wobbly second but mile stagger to he foot and face kingpin . mile ( cont ’d ) I will always have my family . you ever hear of the shoulder touch ? kingpin what ? ..- mile drop a hand toward kingpin 's shoulder . mile '' hey . '' -- as he touch kingpin on the shoulder he deliver a gigantic venom strike -- kkaaaaaaa-zappppppppppppppp !! kingpin fly back from the force of the venom blast . mile web he and swing kingpin into the panel -- mile ( cont ’d ) hey kingpin ! push the green button for I ! -- kingpin fly into the panel , a direct hit , make the venom blast extend to the entire collider room -- the beam start to suck everything back in . mile web himself to the ceiling and hold on as the chaos reach a fever pitch . the beam retreat back into the collider gun , cause a massive implosion . in the control room , jefferson be blow back by the force of the implosion . the collider shut off . the shaking stop . mile hang from the ceiling . he do it . some cough catch he attention . from the debris of the observation room , he see jefferson stand up , cough and shaking dust off . 124. jefferson look up and see a spider web dangle but now mile be gone . seq . 3175 - jefferson and mile '' jam '' ext . fisk mansion -- night jefferson lead a handcuff tombstone into a cop car . as the car drive off , he phone ring . he look at it . it 's mile . he answer . jefferson -- mile ? mile ? mile ?! be you ok ? angle on mile , as spider - man , perch on the corner of a building , overlook the scene outside fisk Tower . mile yeah , I be ok . ( beat ) you be probably busy so -- he 's definitely busy but do not care . jefferson no no no no , I can talk ! I can talk . look , so I come by earlier because , uh ... you uncle ... mile I know dad . I be so sorry . a wave of emotion hit mile . jefferson yeah . mile do you know who do it ? jefferson I think I do . but I be wrong . ( a beat ) look mile , what I say at the door , it be not just talk . look you know , I be think maybe we could find a nice wall privately own -- 125 . mile ( get emotional , hold it back ) ok , dad . alright . jefferson -- like at the police station and you could ... '' '' throw '' up some of you art ? man , I be bad at this . ok , mile -- mile ? you there ? ( the line 's go dead ) C 'mon man , C - mobile -- mile appear right next to jefferson with a pop -- mile as spider -man Officer ? spider -man , aka mile , right behind he . jefferson ( startle ) spider - man . listen , down there , that be , I mean I owe you -- -- jefferson be startle when spider -man hug he . he awkwardly pat he on the back . they break it up . mile as spider -man I look forward to work with you . jefferson yeah , I too , I guess . ( then ) I do not approve of you method but , we be just gonna have to agree to disagree . mile as spider -man thank you for you bravery tonight . ( then , quickly ) I love you . spiderman walk away . jefferson wait , what ? mile walk off , shoot a web , swing away . mile as spider -man and look behind you ! 126. jefferson turn and see that kingpin have be strung up by web between two building and there 's a note that read '' from you friendly neighborhood spider - man . '' mile walk down the street , high - five people . everyone be so excite to see he . mile alright . cool , yeah ! bystander # 1 yeah , thanks spider - man ! mile yeah I be spider-man ! a su servicio ! bystander # 2 yeah , you the spider ! mile what 's up little man ? oh yeah , yeah I be the new spider - man ! check it out -- ( jump onto wall , immediately fall off ) whoa ! that be part of the move . seq . 3200 - why physics matter to I '' pmm '' ext . brooklyn street on mile , swinging through the city . mile ( v.o. ) ok , let 's do this one last time , yeah ? for real this time . this be it . we see the open badass shot of spider -man but this time with mile . mile ( v.o. ) my name be mile morale . I be bitten by a radioactive spider . and for like two day , I have be the one and only spider - man . I think you know the rest . I finish my essay . I save a bunch of people . we see he do homework . swing in front of ador crowd . get hit by a drine . 127 . mile ( v.o. ) get hit by a drine . do this with my dad . mile paint a tribute to uncle Aaron with jefferson . mile ( v.o. ) met my roommate finally . mile , upside down , fist bump ganke . ganke be stunne . mile slap a sticker on a gargoyle at the top of a building . mile ( v.o. ) slapped a sticker where my dad 's never go to find it . Ham , peni , noir , gwen be in they home , ready for a fresh start ... mile ( v.o . ) and when I feel alone , like no one understand what I be go through , I remember my friend who get it . gwen look at a picture of she and mile . Peter , hold flower , ring the doorbell to mj 's apartment . mile swing , flip , and run through the city . he web a train as leverage to catapult himself through the air . he look great . it 's beautiful , and so specific to mile . mile ( v.o . ) I never think I have be able to do any of this stuff . but I can . anyone can wear the mask . you can wear the mask . if you do not know that before , I hope you do now . int . dorm room - continue mile climb into the top bunk , turn out the light , put on he headphone ... mile ( v.o. ) cuz I be spider - man . and I be not the only one . not by a long shot . he close he eye . start sing along to '' sunflower . '' but he eye snap open as a bright light suddenly shine down on he . a portal begin to open up above he . 128. familiar female voice mile ! mile ! mile ! you get a minute ? CUT to black seq . 3250 - '' coda '' ( cda ) from black ... int . secret facility - day a massive lab space , so bleed edge that it look alien . holographic image of the collider 's final moment ( twisted , flowering cityscape ... giant float pencil ... spider - Ham , etc ) hover above the dozen of workstation fill the room . we also get a glimpse of headshot of mile , Peter , peni , and gwen . a hologram woman , lyla , stand in the center of the lab , flicker from one screen to the next . lyla you be a bit late . suite figure we can not all be everywhere at once . lyla a little text might have be nice . suite figure I be go for less than two hour , what happen ? lyla okay okay okay I know what it look like but , here 's the good news -- suite figure -- oh here we go -- lyla -- the multiverse didn ’t collapse . suite figure oh cool ! 129 . lyla a little touch and go , but it work out . suite figure great story . hey , do you finish the goober ? lyla it 's not a goober . it 's a gizmo . suite figure do you always have to call I out ? it 's just really frustrating and it bum I out . she gesture to a crazy watch float above a pedestal . lyla do not get too excited miguel it 's just a prototype . suite figure not excited . the gizmo attaches itself to the suited figure 's arm . suite figure ( cont ’d ) okay , ow ! lyla you could be the first person to make a autonomous multiverse jump ... or the last . the suite character stand stock still for a long moment , consider the watch . we begin to pan around he ... miguel okay , so we be just go to roll the dice on this ? lyla so what do you say pal ? where do you want to go first ? .-. finally revealing a deep blue mask . no eyehole . red , dagger -like lens frame ... miguel let 's start at the beginning . one last time . Earth 67 . smash to : 130 . a trippy matte painting from a Ralph bakshi direct 1968 episode from season two of the old animated spiderman animated tv show . two shot -- miguel jump in to frame with the famous ' 67 animated meme spider -man . meme spider -man whoa ... what the ... miguel I be spider -man . I need you to come with I . meme spider -man who the heck be you ? miguel I just tell you that , listen , listen . I be from the future . meme spider -man how dare you point at I ! miguel you be point first ! meme spider -man it 's rude to point . miguel you be be very rude ! you be not even believe what I be say . you be say I be not who I say I be . a police officer and J. jonah jameson be stand nearby . meme police officer which one point first ? meme jameson spider- man point first ! obviously ! and we go out in pure chaos , the most expensive dumb joke of all time ... miguel you be point at I right now as you say that ! look at you ! look at you finger ! look at you finger right now ! what be it do ? you be point ! you be accuse I of point , while you point -- 131 . meme spider -man I be not point , you be point . I be just point out you point . which be different from normal point . you have not see point until I get through with you and then you 'il know - '' the end '' title card from the 1967 bakshi cartoon . black .