spider-man 2 written by Michael chabon fade in : over central park gorgeous fall day . hot -chestnut weather . spider - man sail in off Central Park West on a line of silk . King of the Manhattan skyline . swing from a turret of the dakota . peter ( v.o. ) look at this guy . sail over the sheep meadow , bounce off the top of reptile House . sharp turn onto fifth Avenue , hard around the Plaza Hotel . peter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) look at he . like he do not have a care in the world . fifth avenue be a torrent of taxi and human and steam from the manhole . he skim along it like a dragonfly , head downtown . peter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you probably think it would be cool to trade place with this guy . styling costume . awesome power . greatest damn city in the world . at 36th STREET he throw down a great big giant elastic band of webbing . turn a couple of office tower into a enormous slingshot . curl into a ball and hit the rubber band dead center . peter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be that what you be think ? he get just enough bounce to catapult he up over the top of the Empire State Building . toe barely graze the needle tip . peter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) well , maybe you would better think again . he pinballs down fifth Avenue and then out over union square head for the flatiron Building , with the big DAILY bugle sign . circle in , alight on its roof . peter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) maybe you would better wait until you see the kind of day this guy 's have . J. jonah jameson' big ugly mug so steam the very air around he head shimmer . jit parker , you be fire ! int . jjj' office — day he toss a stack of photo at peter parker . they be awfully nice photo . maybe a little too nice . jijj ( cont 'd ) dog catch frisbee in the park ... some fat old geezer play chess ... Autumn leave . peter I be think maybe the bugle could show another side of New York for a change — - jit parker , if I believe for one second that picture be a accurate reflection of this town , I would hang myself from the top of the Chrysler Building . I do not pay you to be a sensitive artist ! I pay you because for some reason that psycho spider - man will pose for you . peter well , it 's like I tell you , Mr. jameson . spider - man will not let I take any more picture of he . he say you only use they to slander he . you have turn the whole city against he . jit a fact I be very proud of ! have that lunatic around have weaken the moral fiber of New York ! the police be demoralize ! the citizen lazy ! now get you pretty little " portfolio " out of my face before I go into a diabetic coma ! peter Mr. jameson , please . you can not fire I . even work two job I can barely make tuition , and aunt May 's social security do not amount to ... jjj mime tie a noose around he neck , throw he head back , thrust he tongue from he mouth . Peter fold . peter ( cont 'd ) what if -- all right , what if I do have a shot of spider - man ? Peter reach into he knapsack and take out a manila folder . slide out a fantastic shot of spider - man save a nun from a oncoming meat truck . jjj eye it hungrily . jit it stink . I will give you three hundred . he reach for it . Peter snatch it back . peter no . there 's no way I can sell you this shot ... until you agree to run more balanced coverage of spider - man . jit I take my journalistic responsibility to present balanced coverage very seriously parker , you know that . Fine . I will give you four . I will nominate he for a goddamn medal , parker . you have my word . peter five . jit that 's outrageous . ( beat ) done . Peter let go of the photo , then sit a moment . know he have just make big mistake . jjj ( cont 'd ) all right , you have waste enough of my precious time , parker . get lose . peter time . right . Peter snap out of it , look at he watch : oh , shit . he leap to he foot , grab he knapsack , and run out . ext . mineo' pizza — day Peter ride up on a elderly kawasaki : rumbling , coughing , sputter . not a well machine . on the back , a hotbox with the mineo 's logo . Peter leap off and run into the pizzeria . a pager beep . int . mineo be — day Peter hurtle into the shop , out of breath , frantic . yank the pager from he pocket . peter sorry ! Mr. Aziz , I be sorry . mr . aziz hang up the phone . the beeping stop . life have disappointed Mr. Aziz ; Peter 's only a side- manifestation . mr . aziz twenty - one minute ago , in come a order from the high - quality law firm of foehn , harmattan & buran for seventeen extra large deep -dish pizza . in eight minute , I be default on the mineo 's twenty - nine minute guarantee . indeed numerous banner and sign proclaim the sacred number . mr . aziz ( cont would ) then not only will I be receive no money for this pizza , I will lose the customer forever to pizza yurt . and they be kill I already . peter why do not you send salim ? mr . aziz salim be deport yesterday . I have no hope but you . you must make it in time . he start thrust pizza at Peter , stack they in Peter 's arm until we can not see he face anymore . mr. aziz ( cont 'd ) you be a nice young man , Peter , but you be not dependable . this be the last chance I can give you . you must cross forty - two block in seven and one half minute . or you ass be to be fire . Peter check the big mineo 's clock . it 's 5:44 . ext . mineo be - night Peter run to he bike , dump the pizza into the hotbox . climb on , kick it . nothing . kick it again . nothing . peter I do not believe this ! Mr. Aziz watch , contemplate suicide . Peter kick it once more and it start . he go slobbering off . ext . new york STREET — day Peter halt . look at he watch . 5:47 . a van have collide with a town car . the driver be on the street , shouting and threaten each other . the passenger get out , too . the three man come to blow . Peter pop up onto the sidewalk . mistake . a old lady ina wheelchair come out of nowhere . Peter hit the brake . swerves . the bike stall . he kick wildly at the starter : dead . and it 's 5:48 . Peter leap off the bike . with a mighty heave he wrench the hotbox right off the back of the motorcycle , snap bolt , twist metal . then he duck into a alley . ext . lower manhattan - new york STREET — aerial shot spider - man swing toward the woolworth Building . one-hand , since the hotbox be tuck under he leave arm . at the end of each arc he freefall until he shoot the next strand of web . below , two boy chase each other and a basketball into the street . a car be come right at they . spider - man 's spider sense tingles . he look down ; see the trajectory of car , ball and boy , pure vector of physics plotted against the air : collision . spider - man heave the hotbox away . it arc heavenward . with he hand now free , he shoot a strand of web . a lasso of web encircle the boy and yank the boy toward the opposite side of the street . set they on they foot . the car squeal past , horn blaring . the boy , daze . the basketball shoot in , a web-slung chest pass . one of they catch it . they look up at the sky . spider - man catch up to the hotbox as it hurtle earthward , past he . snag it with a web and drag it back up . the woolworth Building loom . spider - man snag its pinnacle and arc around it , circle in . int . woolworth build - law office - day Peter rush in with the stack of pizza . out of breath , kind of wild look . a big , silly grin on he face . peter pizza time ! he set the pizza on the desk . the receptionist stare at he , then at the pizza : disgust . Peter look -- there 's a gob of webbing on the top box . sheepish he scrape it off . peter ( cont 'd ) sorry . int . mineo' pizza — evening Peter strut in , grin . peter Mr. Aziz ! I be back ! I - - Mr. Aziz whirl on he . mr . aziz you be fire , that be what you be . the pizza arrive three minute late ! Peter , the twenty - nine minute guarantee be a promise . I know a promise mean nothing to you , but to I it be serious . peter it 's serious to I , too , Mr. Aziz . honestly . please , I need this job , please give I another chance . Mr. Aziz shake he head . Peter give up . ext . osborn / parker apartment - night Peter 's tired old kawasaki pull up in front of the building , backfire . he climb off it . trudges into the lobby . spider sense . Peter 's surging heartbeat . a shadow loom . Peter jump back , then lash out and grab hold of he attacker . duck , twist , flip a very large man over he shoulder . the guy slam against the lobby floor . it 's a beefy security goon . Peter have flatten the guy . goon Christ , I think you break my tailbone ! peter oh , man , I be sorry , I - - goon I be only go ask for you id ! peter my id ? since when --? int . osborn / parker apartment - night Peter take out he key . but instead of a keyhole there 's a card-reader . he 's puzzle . the door fly open . harry what the hell you do to my security guy ? peter he surprised I ! I grab he and he ... he must have lose he foot . ( how lame ! ) I think they just wax the lobby . ( change the subject ) what 's with the muscleman , Harry ? do somebody threaten you ? harry you be kid , right ? Pete , I be lucky spider - man have not kill I already ! he know I will spend every last dime I have to take he down . peter Harry . I be worried about you . you have really get kind of ... he take a slender hybrid pda / remote from he pocket . tap some button . titanium bar slide across the window . steel shutter come down . laser trip -beam spin a glow web across the live room . another beam lance from the ceiling and perform a retinal scan of Peter . he flinch . peter ( cont 'd ) ...paranoid . Harry hold up the screen of he super - Palm . it read id confirmed : parker , peter . harry I guess you be who you seem to be . peter please just tell I you do not put a camera in the bathroom . Harry tap , and all the barrier retract ; the beam die . he get right in Peter 's face . try to be funny but with weird intensity . harry you could save I a buttload of money and trouble if you would just tell I how you always manage to find the guy . .» peter' face the impossibility of the situation ; the pain . peter I would if I could . I swear to you . Harry stare at he , search he face . something there that he do not quite believe . Peter struggle to meet Harry 's search gaze . falter . fail . harry that 's fine . no , I be serious . you do not need I , I do not need you . we be not even really friend , be we ? take two ticket from he pocket , toss they on the table . harry ( cont 'd ) hear be that ticket you want . that octavius guy at Columbia . have fun . the ticket the anansi project : a interim report . professor otto octavius . davis auditorium . 6pm . peter octavius ! otto octavius be the god of arachnid biomimetics . Harry , I know you be mad at I , but come on ! you can not miss that ! Peter be perfectly serious . Harry can not help smile . harry Lord have mercy on my soul . peter you promise you would introduce I to he ! the rage flare up again in Harry . harry and you promise to help I get spider man ! ( subside ) all right , fine . I keep my promise . peter great ! okay ! let 's bolt . they start to go out . Harry stop by the door , point to the answer machine . harry oh , there be a message . for you . I do not feel like pick up . Peter go to the machine , press play . mj voice hello . this be Mary Jane Watson , star of the Broadway stage . ( beat ) you guy , I be so nervous ! Peter check he watch . peter hmm . geez , I hope the lecture 's over by 7:30 . I need to get down to the theater by 8 . harry do not you already see that lame show of hers ? 10 . peter twice . harry Christ , Pete , I know you be she boyfriend , and all , but that 's above and beyond . peter hey , tonight she 's play the lead ! she 's the , you know , the understudy . as they walk out of the apartment . harry what , do she poison the lead lady ? peter shut up . and I be not she boyfriend . bar descend , indicator flare , as they shut the door . int . columbia university — davis auditorium — night pack house of researcher , reporter , interested member of the public . prof . czernowitz be introduce otto octavius . czernowitz .+. as a doctoral candidate he be dazzle . now I be afraid he 's leave we mere mortal far behind . it 's my great honor to present , director of the anansi Project , winner of a National Science Medal , Dr. otto octavius . applause as otto stride out . younger than you might expect . wearing a long black gaultier jacket . smiling like a man with a surprise in store for we . he and czernowitz meet . a stiffness between they . czernowitz look intimidate . otto Frank . czernowitz otto . they shake hand awkwardly . then otto stride to the podium . grin , self mock . behind he on a table , a violin and bow . piano to one side . laughter . 11 . otto he tell you I be " dazzle , " but what he 's too nice to bring up be be what a insufferable little wretch I be . the light dim ; spot on otto . behind he a large flatpanel monitor descend . as he talk , the display will mirror , expand on and illustrate he word . otto ( cont 'd ) biomimetics seek to adapt for human use the technology of other species . we poor human have always envied we fellow creature they talent ; soon we will share they . Peter be rapt ; Harry be play tetris on he Palm Pilot . otto ( cont 'd ) my own research have be into arachnid technology : adapt , the remarkable ability of spider , they web-spin ability , they astonish , almost precognitive impulse control . Harry notice how spellbound Peter be ; lean over . harry I will never understand this spider thing of yours . Peter take no notice . otto we have some success with manipulate spider rna . but it 's in the area of octopedal locomotion that thing be really get exciting . the goal be to provide stable motion on every possible kind of terrain and superior manipulation at a distance . otto step out from behind the podium . otto ( cont 'd ) you can not imagine the sheer number crunching might require to control and coordinate eight leg . really tough . actually , it be a chance visit to the bronx Zoo that give I the key insight . 12 . he walk toward the monitor , which display a octopus , along with a diagram of its nervous system . otto ( cont 'd ) the octopus have the equivalent of a powerful processor in each leg , network to the central unit in she brain . the display fade to a diagram of the rig , eight leg network to each other through and to the center . the center be empty ; then a diagrammatic human operator appear . otto ( cont 'd ) now , so far the capacity to control the full complement of eight leg be beyond we capacity . but we have be able to implement a similar system use ... otto take a step forward , smile a little coyly . then from somewhere behind he a pair of glint pseudopod snake out . the black stealth - bomber glint of superhard ceramic . a gasp from the audience . otto ( cont 'd ) four ! Harry sit up . put away the Palm Pilot . the ' pod hover over otto 's shoulder a moment , undulant . otto ( cont 'd ) I call it a self - articulate network , but I be afraid the name that have stick be otto 's octopus . one ' pod reach to tap he on the shoulder . otto ( cont 'd ) yes ? oh , thank you . it be a little warm in here . the arm help he out of the jacket , and as it come off , another pair of pseudopod be reveal . the audience go a little nut . one ' pod take up the violin ; another , the bow . the next pair snake out toward the piano ; otto strike up a grieg sonata . with he own two hand , he take out a fat cigar and light it ; puff contentedly . the audience , amaze , afraid , half suspect that it 's alla prank . 13. Peter with a look of open-mouthed wonder . the music break off . now the ' pod assume a configuration like a daddy long - leg , " toe " splay against the dais , arching high into the air . among they hang , perfectly at ease , otto . one at a time , in turn , he raise and lower each foot . otto ( cont 'd ) each one of my four assistant here be equip with its own hundred - teraflop processor . he begin to stride back and forth across the stage on he four dance pseudopod . otto ( cont 'd ) Computer architecture so sophisticated and capable of learn it approach consciousness . he sink back onto the two lower ' pod . the upper one snake out around he . otto ( cont 'd ) at time I feel the rig here have a life of its own . left upper pseudopod take a piece of paper from otto 's pocket . right upper produce a pen and scrawl something across the paper . then the ' pod with the paper slap it across otto 's back . he turn around , as if confuse , walk on the lower pseudopod . the sign say geek ! laughter from the audience . they be eat this up . otto , back to the audience , whirl he head around . otto ( cont 'd ) give time , and a strong enough host ... ( rueful smile ) ... its system and my own would actually begin to integrate with each other -- the pseudopod rip away he shirt , revealing the rig nestle right up against he spine , overlap he own flesh . otto ( cont 'd ) -- merge into one organism . 14 . audience shock , even revulsion at the sight of the implant . then a surge of applause . peter gape , bowl over . peter you have to introduce I to he ! harry do not you have a diva wait ? Peter check he watch . peter I can make it . int . davis auditorium - backstage - night otto lurch in on the pseudopod to a roar of applause from the hall . the 'pod telescope in and otto fall to the floor . but one of the ' pod remain slightly extend . otto be team crowd around he and drag he over to the neural coupler unit . they mount it around he . the team leader twist the rig 's latch . this be a dial with a glass tube at its heart , like a spirit level , with a single glow bubble of air . he align the bubble with a mark and -- wham - the ' pod lash out and knock the team leader aside . int . davis auditorium - audience - night people be still applaud . but Peter 's spider - sense tingles . he get up . peter I will meet you in the lobby . harry where be you -- peter too much coffee . int . davis auditorium - backstage - night the rig be out of control . otto hang from it like a doll . the pseudopod whip and buzzsaw . smash lightbulb . scatter human . 15 . spider - man leap into the middle of the cyclone . he try to reach otto . the ' pod feint and block . he fire web snare at the pod ; pin they to the wall . they break free , lash out . knock spider - man down . spidey leap up , fire a strand in either direction , snag the upper two ' pod . yank they toward himself . tye they in a knot . they grind in protest . keeping a grip on the knot he -- spin a thick cocoon around each of the lower one , pad each out until it 's a gently flail balloon . the rig struggle for a moment , then power down . otto fall to the floor , the ' pod knotted across he . spider - man kneel beside otto . make sure he 's okay . the team member hurry over with the coupler . spider - man get out of the way . the team get otto into i and the team leader twist the latch . splorch . the rig pop open . otto fall out . we see that otto 's bare , muscular back be enhance by four neural socket . they roll he over . otto open he eye . the irise of he eye seem to be leak into the white : pinwheel . strange flower . octopi . assistant look at he eye ! assistant 2 we be overdo the endorphin push . team leader that 's the symbiosis routine in the rig . it 's actually try to reconfigure he optical function . otto be I ... be I fight spider - man ? everyone look around at spider - man . spider - man 's not there . otto sit up . they try to help he . otto ( cont 'd ) I be fine ! thank you . I be fine . now , get off I . he stand up , shaky . brushes off they help hand . 16 . team leader otto , it be too long . you stay in the rig too long . otto no , the problem be that I do not stay in it long enough ! my system never get the chance to reach equilibrium with the rig 's ! they stare at he . be he serious ? he look around . see the break light bulb . the slashed curtain . the shattered chair . he sit down . otto ( cont 'd ) maybe I stay in the rig too long , I do not know . they bring he a glass of water and a clean shirt . he accept they ministration . otto ( cont 'd ) thank you . thanks a lot , teddy . ( concerned ) be you all right ? I do not hurt you ? team leader ( relieved ) I be fine , chief . int . davis auditorium - backstage corridor Harry introduce Peter to otto ; they be shaking hand . otto look a bit frazzle but basically fine . harry do not it hurt to be jack into that thing ? otto actually , thanks to the endorphin booster it feel very good . come out 's a bitch . peter it 's so great to meet you . and the rig 's pretty -- cool . otto still one or two -- ( twitches he head ) kink to work out . but basically sound . 17 . peter actually , Doctor , I be hope to hear you talk about the superspider research . otto ah. well . unfortunately we lose we funding for that project . I be afraid it be rather poorly manage . and please ... call I otto . any friend of the osborn be my friend . the rig 's material and kinetechnology be all oscorp design and build . norman osborn be a huge supporter of my work . a steady and generous supporter . not too mention a true original . a man , in a world of mediocrity . he 's very sorely miss . at this mention of norman , a shadow cloud Harry 's face . otto ( cont 'd ) so I hear you be into spider . peter it 's sort of a hobby . otto and you guy have a-- field trip ? to we lab last year ? I hope that be interesting ? peter oh , yeah . change my life . harry Pete ? not that I really care , but do not you have a ego extravaganza to get to ? Peter look at he watch : it 's 7:45 . peter jeez ! oh , my God . I have to go . now ! otto ego extravaganza ? peter it 's we friend -- 18 . harry you friend . peter -- mj. Mary Jane Watson . she 's in this musical . she 's the understudy and she 's make she big debut in fifteen minute . he shake hand with otto , then start away . peter ( cont 'd ) you ought to check it out , I bet you would really get into it . ext . martin beck theater — night the marquee read : bride ! over it , enormous cutout of Dr. frankenstein and the bride . the name deirdre dunn plaster everywhere . a tour bus pull up in front of the theater . the nameplate read : mt. nebo CENTER for assisted live . a bunch of old lady file out . we be with two of the lady , sophie and rose . as they enter the lobby , they be each hand a program . Rose notice a leaf of paper poke from the program . tug it out . rose what 's this ? the piece of paper during tonight's performance , the role of elizabeth frankenstein will be played by mary jane watson . rose ( cont 'd ) would not you know it . sixty dollar a ticket and we get the understudy . sophie deirdre 's probably in rehab again . int . theater - backstage - night frenetic stagehand make last minute change . actor loiter in the wing . we travel down the wing , past actor and crew who crowd the stair , down to the dress room . mj watson sit at the mirror , make little adjustment to she makeup . 19 . she 's in costume as Elizabeth frankenstein and hold a blond wig in she hand . renard , the actor play henry frankenstein , lounge beside she , calm where she 's worried . he 's very good -look . renard just remember , act be reacting . Mo get it . clearly troubled rather than nervous . the door to the dress room open . mj turn expectantly . another actor be there , costume as a angry villager . mj ( cont 'd ) do you check will call ? actor the ticket be still there . mj look sad . put on the wig , tug it straight , and smile at herself . Big theatrical smile . the show must go on . renard pull a chair over , sit down right beside mj . renard hey , cheer up . there 's a tv crew here , you know . from New York 1 . they hear about you big debut . mj how do they hear ? renard I do not know . somebody must have call they . somebody who like the way you ... act . flirt hard . he brushes a flake of mascara from she cheek . renard ( cont 'd ) so , who be he , you Mr. no - show ? mj a friend of mine . actor boyfriend ? mj no. just a friend . I think he might want to see my debut , but I guess he do not . 20 . actor eh , who need he ? mj ( resolute ) that 's what I say . who need he ? the stage manager come in . stage manager mj ? you ready ? i/e . theater — night Peter tear into the lobby . run up to the theater door . a burly usher stop he . usher whoa . you can not go in there . nobody seat once the performance begin . point to a sign which confirm this . peter but I - - usher it 's to help maintain the illusion . peter I understand . but I have to get in there . Mary Jane Watson be a friend of mine . usher and as far as I can tell , she be a very nice young lady . ( beat ) nobody seat once the performance begin . you can go in at intermission . peter when 's that ? usher ( check watch ) about forty - two minute from now . mj cast headshot Nice picture . a little sultry . 21 . int . theater — lobby - night it 's on a wall by the front door . Peter 's gaze at the picture . just kind of amaze by how pretty she look . spider-sense tingles . siren in the distance . faint squeal of tire . int . theater — onstage - night mj as Elizabeth with renard as Henry f. Henry be sing he big number , " I created a man . " mj emote back at he . her gaze stray toward the house . right in the front row , a glaringly empty seat . back on mj . she sing . our two old lady Way at the at the back of the house . rose she 's terrible . int . theater — night siren be louder . Peter duck out into the street . something be happen and he need to stop it . it 's come from over on Broadway . a car flash through the intersection of 45th and ninth . driving way too fast . in traffic . skid . smash into a car . then another . then keep on go downtown . two second later , one two three police cruiser . Peter look back at the theater . then at he watch . then back to the avenue . peter it 's not you problem , Pete . it 's the police 's problem . it 's not you problem . ext . ninth avenue - night " car chase " scene ( CC ) the car roar down the avenue , weaving in and out . the cruiser in pursuit . it 's a rag- top ; three guy . two in the back with machine gun . oh , like spider - man do not see that come ! spider man fly elegantly through they fire . snag the two shooter . pin they to light post and hang they out for the police . 22 . now spider - man turn to the driver . land on the car . be throw off . shot at . keeps come back . in the end he crawl under the car , come over top , web up the Driver 's gun . manage to get they both out just before the car slam into a big construction site dumpster and explode . ext . construction site - night two policemen come run over . spider - man lower the poor bastard down to they on a line , headfirst . they grab he and cuff he . one lead he away . the other look up at spider man . policeman 2 there 's no way I can not arrest you for that . spider-man duly note . he fire a web and swing back uptown . policeman 2 it 's a lot safer in jail , spider - man ! ext . ninth avenue - night spider - man , swing back toward the theater . spider sense tingles . his head snap leave . atop a building nearby , the flash of a sniper 's rifle . the next instant a shot ring out . a bullet snip the dragline neatly in two . it go slack and spider - man fall out of the sky . spider - man plummet to the ground . a mother be push twins in a stroller . right under he . move like a diver he twist around . fire a web that snag a small billboard across the street . he stop fall . the webbing peel the entire top sheet off the billboard , in a single piece . Peter fall the last four foot or so . manage to arrest he fall , slamm he shoulder into the pavement . nearly hit the twins . mother maniac ! idiot ! Peter stumble to he foot . two big bruiser rush he . one carry a pair of heavy - duty handcuffs . they be on he . they're big , but Peter handle they easily with a little fake kung fu . then he look up . 23 . scan the sky over ninth Avenue . all quiet . there 's nothing there now . taunting man ( 0.s. ) hey , look . it 's the ten million dollar man . spider - man look down . and see that a crowd have gather around he . most just stare at he like hungry dog . taunting man ( cont 'd ) we get five , six guy together , we could take he . that 's like , what , two million apiece . come on . but he do not step forward . nobody step forward . then a little kid step forward . twelve or thirteen . kid you in for it now . the kid hand spider - man a early copy of tomorrow 's bugle . the photo peter sold he today ( caption spider man assault nun !!!) and the headline : wanted -- $ 10,000,000 reward . spider -man ten million dollar . I should arrest myself . bound right over they and then into the night . spider-man ( cont 'd ) give it you best shot , New York . int . martin beck theater — lobby - night Peter come tear back in . the lobby 's ominously empty . the same usher stand there . ready for Peter . peter tell I I do not miss intermission . in reply the usher just cross he arm . int . theater - night mj be have a deep scene with the monster and the bride , just before the tragic conclusion . 24 . at the back of the theater , one of the old lady watch , expressionless . her friend be sound asleep . ext . theater - stage door Peter wait , watch the door . some actor come out . Peter perk up -- no . then she 's there . peter mj ! she see he , be pierce through by the sight of he -- and keep walk . he go after she . peter ( cont 'd ) mj. please . she keep go . he take she by the arm . she shake it off . she be not go to even speak to he . on second think -- she turn back to he . mj you know , when you say you want to be friend , I believe you . peter I do want to be friend . mj well , then you be not a very good friend , be you ? peter I try , mj . I get here . I mean , I be a little late . they would not let I in . mj but you miss everything ! all of it ! why do not you come in at intermission ? Peter do not know how to answer this ; can not lie fast enough . peter well -- there be a accident -- in the street . I go to get a picture and -- she do not want to hear it . start away again . she look 25 . peter ( cont 'd ) mj . I do want to be you friend . I be sorry . please . at he . be she soften ? Peter will never know . renard come out of the theater . check out Peter . give she pete. her Peter the renard good night , mj . you be wonderful . a big hug . when he let go , mj be stare right at look say , see ? you could lose I . renard give fisheye and then walk off . peter mj . you be not -- be you ... mj renard 's just a friend . why . do you wish I be see somebody ? would you like to get rid of I and for all ? peter mj -- mj no . no , I think you enjoy this idea you have that I be go around carry a torch for you . which I be not . ( beat ) no , I be not see anybody , Peter . but you know what ? I might meet someone . I might even fall in love with somebody . tomorrow . and then nobody will be carry a torch for you . and then what will you do ? she 's angry . he look like he think she have a right to be . peter mj . you do not know . you do not know how much I think about you . how much I -- mj no , that 's right . I do not know anything . I have know you since the first grade but I do not know anything about you . 26 . Peter take a step toward she . look into she eye . six inch of air separate he from have she . his pager go off . he 's embarrassed , fumble with it . peter sorry . it 's -- oh . it 's aunt May . she hardly ever page I . I better -- mj watch he go . typical . ext . payphone - night Peter 's on the phone , worried . peter aunt May ? aunt May , what 's the matter ? why be you cry ? int . aunt may' house - simultaneous aunt may' in she bathrobe , sit at the kitchen table . not so quietly lose it . may what 's the matter ? I be go out of my mind , that 's what the matter ! I can not take it any more ! ext . payphone - simultaneous Peter be distress . peter okay , okay , aunt May , settle down . I be come . he hang up , and run back down to the alley where he leave mj . but she 's go . ext . triborough bridge - night Peter race out to queen on he lousy motorcycle . int . aunt may' house - night Peter come run into the house at top speed , tear into the kitchen . aunt May 's just sit there , not cry . scarily still , hold a cup of tea , in a pool of light . Nice plate of cookie beside she . 27 . peter aunt May ? what -- may there 's a fly . peter a fly ? may a fly , a bee , I do not know what it be . buzz all around the house , it 's drive I insane ! who can sleep with a racket like that ? peter : okay . peter all right . I will take care of it . may I try to kill it myself , but I can not . I do not know where it be . Peter cock a ear , he hearing spider - sharp . peter it 's in the bedroom on you lamp . she give he a look ; how do he know that ? int . aunt may' house - bedroom Peter step into the bedroom and close the door behind he . his eye dart to a porcelain shepherdess hold up a forty watt bulb and a gilt -edge shade . there on the shepherdess 's bonnet perches a big fat juicy fly . if we could detect such thing , we would sense that the fly feel a sudden alarm . int . aunt may' house - kitchen aunt May hear the thwing of spidey 's webbing and then a splat . Peter emerge from the bedroom , look satisfied . peter Mission accomplish . a beat . 28 . may I be sorry , Peter . I know you must think I be lose my mind . it 's just -- you uncle always kill the bug around here . peter he be a handy guy to have around . ( beat ) I never realize how much I depend on he advice . may something on you mind ? peter well -- may you could talk to I , you know . peter yeah , I know that . but I -- may Peter ... ( take a chance ) I have see the change that have come over you since Ben die . everyone have . Peter look startle . guilty . peter Change ...? I do not ... what do you mean ? may you have to grieve he , Peter . you have to let yourself mourn . peter oh. yeah . ( beat ) I wish I could . may what ? peter oh -- no , I mean , I know , you be right . 29 . may sooner or later , Peter , you have to let it out . it might as well be now . Peter nod . sit down . Weight of the world . peter I be have a very hard day , aunt May . she slide the plate of cookie over to he . he take one . chews it . sigh . may go ahead . Cry . peter no , aunt May . I can not cry . I can not mourn uncle Ben . I do not have the right . may do not be silly , Peter . of all people -- peter of all people , not I . you do not know - everything there be to know , aunt May . about how uncle Ben die . the guy who -- that punk . ( deep breath ) I have a chance to stop he . may what ? peter ( cont 'd ) the guy . I run into he . a couple of hour before he shot uncle Ben . he be robbing this place . and I know it . and I could have stop he easily . but I let he run right past I . because at the time it do not seem like my problem . she 's just look at he . dry-ey . a little confuse , maybe . peter ( cont 'd ) and then like a hour later , that 's when uncle Ben be wait for I and this guy go up to he and ... 30 . she sit a moment longer . then she stand up and take the plate of cookie away from he . may well , I guess I can understand how you do not want to tell I this . turn and dump all the lovely cookie into the trash . quiet fury . may ( cont 'd ) I mean , on the surface , it do seem to be something fairly unforgivable . peter aunt May ? she swing the china plate above she head , then bring it down against the counter . it shatter . may damn it ! she crouch stiffly and begin to pick up the piece . Peter go to help she but she push he away . as she toss shard into the trash , she cut herself . may ( cont 'd ) ow ! damn it . poke she finger into she mouth . Peter try to put he hand on she shoulder . may ( cont 'd ) get away from I . get out ! he back away . she take the dustbuster from the broom closet and begin noisily to bust dust . steely eye . peter aunt May -- she ignore he , vacuume . he turn and walk out . ext . bqe - night Peter roar back to the city . as he slow in some traffic , the bike begin to backfire and throw spark . then it actually burst into flame . fellow motorist honk at he . one lean out of a pass car . 31 . fellow motorist yo , butthead , you motorcycle be on fire . Peter scramble over onto the shoulder . leap off the burn bike . contemplate the flame then start to stamp they out . this quickly devolve into a vicious kick . peter stupid frigging piece of junk ! why can not I have one thing in my life that actually work ! fellow motorist slow they car to watch as Peter 's spider strength render the bike a heap of junk in second . peter ( cont 'd ) can not -- even -- cross town without burst into flame -- or be shot at ! Peter stand over the corpse of the bike , heart pounding . then turn and start to limp home along the median . int . osborn / parker apartment — night Harry be lie on the couch , watch a tape of Barbara Walters interview the he father . with the aid of a shaker of martinis . and a little amber prescription bottle . thumping from outside , muffle through the blast shutter over the door . peter ( 0.s. ) Harry , god damn it , let I in ! Harry pick up the remote and punch in the code . the barrier go up . Peter drag he sorry ass in the door . he 's a wreck . harry I make martinis . peter I see that . onscreen , norman osborn shed a single shine tear . Harry be cry , too . harry that 's the only time that man ever cry . 32 . peter' face oh , brother . here we go . he take a deep breath , then sit down beside Harry . harry ( cont 'd ) have a drink . you look like you could use one . peter I probably could . but no , thanks . he point to the bottle of pill . peter ( cont 'd ) what be that ? harry dinner . courtesy of Dr. Chomsky . peter I be sure he do not want you take they with alcohol . harry she . no , you be right . she would probably be very disappointed in I . they sit and watch the tape of norman osborn . now norman be he old in - control self again , tell Barbara Walters a story . Barbara be laugh . harry ( cont 'd ) Pete . just tell I where to find he . tell I where you meet he . that 's all you need to do . I will take care of the rest . Peter look at he . Harry just keep stare at the screen . peter I can not . he break off contact with I . he say I have make it too dangerous for he . he almost get kill today . harry I know . ( beat ) who do you think put up the bounty ? onscreen , norman osborn be laugh , now , too . a strangely familiar laugh . his goblin grin be reflect for a moment on he son 's face , mad glint of the tv in he eye . 33 . peter bounty ! harry I be sorry , do I say bounty ? I mean reward . peter Harry , what you be talk about be -- harry murder ? maybe . people get murder , Pete . my father . you uncle . it happen . the tape go blank . Harry 's eye fill with static . Peter get up . peter I think -- it would probably be best for I to move out . harry what ? because of what I say about spider - man ? Pete , do not be -- peter Mr. Aziz fire I today , Harry . and I can not work for the bugle anymore . so . I can not afford to pay you rent anymore . harry you will find another job . I will carry you until you do , no problem . peter I could not let you do that . Harry sloshes upright . grinning a twisted grin . harry no , that 's right . you would not want to be a sniveling little do - nothing freeloader . like I . peter Harry , come on . let 's not -- ah , forget it . he start to walk out . 34 . harry Pete ? Harry sit up , drunk and stone but still Harry . harry ( cont 'd ) well ... where be you go to go ? Home to aunt May ? peter no , I do not think I be so welcome there anymore . he climb up to he bedroom door . tries to open it . pushes some button . nothing happen . peter ( cont 'd ) Harry , could you please let I into my bedroom ? int . otto' loft - night otto lie in a steaming bathtub , recuperate from he show . Nice tub , good cigar . tv flicker in the wall . on the news : his performance . video coverage of the lecture , of otto strutting around the stage . boy talking head ... potential application , octavius say , range from handle nuclear waste to detonate underwater mine to the exploration of outer space . girl talking head speak of creepy crawly , Jim , it seem that spider - man be find New York to be a very tough town . at the word " spider - man " otto sit up in the tub . he leap out , drip , and pad over to the television wall . otto hit the record button on he dvd - R . we see several shelf of dvd archive arrange above the recorder . on tv , the incident be report . jameson be there , ranting . we see the headline about the reward . then there 's a shot of spider - man scale a wall . otto zoom in on it , watch with a scientist 's eye . the girl talk head come back on . 35 . girl talking head ( cont 'd ) it be a scene right out of all about Eve tonight when a spokesman for deirdre Dunn announce that the Broadway star , currently play the lead in the popular musical bride ! would be take a temporary leave of absence for some well need rest ... otto pop out the disk , fit it into its box , scrawl a label . file it on the shelf . we see that it be label : spider -man 5/24/04 . all of the other disk be label the same way . they go back for a year . girl talking head ( cont 'd ) ...- Said that the role will be play by miss Dunn 's understudy , Mary Jane Watson . otto 's attention be draw to the screen again . mj be be interview , in makeup , backstage . mj ( on tv ) well , this be great opportunity for I , but mostly I just wish for a very speedy recovery for deirdre . otto 's gaze remain scientific , but somehow soften . towel off he hair , watch mj 's lovely face . we pull back and reveal as we do so he four backjack , each cap with a rubber seal , glisten . insert the next day 's bugle : new york to spider -man : drop dead . ext . new york STREET — newsstand - day the newspaper sit atop a pile . thwip ! a fine mesh of webbing spread across the edge of the paper . the newsvendor watch openmouthed as the paper be tug gently skyward . a dollar bill come dangle down on a thin silky thread . ext . new york STREET - lamppost - day spider - man crouch atop the lamppost , scan the paper . crumple it up . head snap to the leave . tingle of spider sense . a gunshot . a scream . ext . korean grocery - day 36 . a thug run out with a sackful of money . stuff he gun into he waistband . a jet of webbing catch he leave arm and pin it to the wall . another catch he right arm , then thwip - thwip each of he leg at the ankle . he 's pin and struggle . he drop the bag . spider - man pick up the bag . open it and peer inside . spider-man you shot someone for nineteen dollar ? that 's -- out of nowhere loom a huge object , head for he skull . a wet impact . it 's a watermelon , wield by a pair of young men . a neat stack of watermelon behind they . spider - man wobble . sag . young man you be under arrest . the grocer come run over . a bloody patch on he upper arm . pick up the bag of money . scream at the young man . grocer what 's the matter with you ? he 's a good guy . I be sorry , spider - man . here . he jab the grubby pile of bill toward spider - man . a siren . spider - man close the grocer 's hand around the money . spider-man ( to grocer ) thanks . as the police run up , spider - man take to the sky . ext . queen - filipino cultural CENTER - night dusk outside bingo Hall . a black volvo pull up . five hood pile out and go run in . int . bingo hall - night two hundred frighten but outrage old filipina lady relinquish they bingo money to the pillowcase of the hood . a thick strand of webbing lance in and smack the gun of the lead Hood . snatch it from he hand . then swing it into he temple , knock he cold . 37 . spider -man stands in the doorway , wield the web like a lariat . the gun fly through the air , conking the second Hood on the head , then the third , fourth and fifth . they all go down in under three second . the old lady turn to spider - man . hard to read they expression . he wave he finger . old lady ten million dollar ! they start toward he , and then they be on he , bludgeon he with they handbags . int . bingo hall - night he stumble free of they and then leap to safety . int . jjj' office — night jjj 's work late . study two alternate front page . one say : nowhere to run to , baby . the other say : nowhere to hide . crash ! !!!! a blizzard of break glass . jjj duck under he desk as the avalanche come down . spider - man drop down through the skylight over jjj 's desk . jjj come out from under the desk . see spider - man stand there . spider-man get a minute ? jjj pick up he phone . punch a button . jit this be jameson . code S. repeat . code S. spider-man be that S as in " shut the hell up " ? he slap a gob of webbing across jjj 's mouth , then , in a few second , encase he entirely . a slick pupa . take the straw from jjj 's Big gulp . pick up the cocoon . jam in the straw about where jjj 's mouth should be . garble cursing . spider - man stick the cocoon under he arm and leap to the 38 . ceiling . clamber across the newsroom , over the astonished staff . out a window , upside down . ext . roof of bugle - night spider- man rip the cocoon away . jjj start to rant but look over the cornice and see the street far below . cringe and pull back . afraid . jit I - - I be acrophobic . fear of height . spider-man really , I think that be fear of spider . ( beat ) look , jameson . I be fine with you hat I . I be even fine with you slander I . but get I kill , I do not know , that kind of irritate I a little . jjj creep carefully away from the edge . jit the bugle do not tell anybody to kill you . his courage return . he start to close in on spider - man . jjj ( cont 'd ) look , pal . I be not fine with anything about you . you be a danger to this city . you may not believe in old - fashioned idea like due process and the rule of law , but I do . you come in here with you tight pants and you sticky finger and you tell we you be a hero . but you know what I see ? a vigilante , a muscle man , a gangster in spandex . what give you the right ? because you be the strongest ? that 's not the country I be from . jjj have spider - man on the defensive -- back away . jjj ( cont 'd ) you know , I hire a psychiatrist to do a profile of you . do you see that story ? ( more ) 39 . jijj ( cont 'd ) do you read what that lady say ? " delusionary . " " narcissistic . " " messiah complex . " translation : jjj go in for the kill . jjj ( cont 'd ) you need to get a life , pal . a door slam . a dozen security guy pour out onto the roof . spider - man look at they , then back at jjj . seem about to speak . then leap over the side of the building , and be go . the security man run to the ledge . jjj ( cont 'd ) where the hell be you ? you be all fire . int . osborn / parker apartment - night Peter have he stuff pack up ; he 's carry out three suitcase and big laundry sack . Harry come out into the hall to watch he go . harry so , that 's it . you be just go . Peter start to say something , then just nod . harry ( cont 'd ) where ? peter I find a place out in sheepshead Bay . as he go out the door , the laundry bag tumble from the pile of suitcase . Peter stoops to pick it up . harry you do not have to take dirty clothes . you can still do you wash here , you know . Peter shrug . peter I need the big machine . int . laundromat - night 3 am. desert . Peter sit in a plastic chair , read a thick tome entitle biomolecular chemistry . 40 . a pile of similar tome beside he . make a note in a notebook . a young man enter , carry a laundry sack . see Peter sit there . Peter do not look up . the man go over to a machine . spider sense tingles . Peter look up as in slow motion the man walk , keyring jingling , change in he pocket , earphone throbbing in he ear . slowly the finger reach for the lid of the machine . peter no ! the man gape at he . peter ( cont 'd ) you can not use that one . that 's my machine . the man decide that Peter be mad . he begin to stuff he clothes back into the sack . young man okay , mister . take it easy . he shoulder the bag and hurry out . young man ( cont 'd ) the yellow light 's flash . Peter wait a moment , then run over to the machine . the out of balance light be blink . Peter lift the lid . pull out the red and blue suit , soaking wet . int . dr . chomsky' office Harry sit face Dr. Chomsky , a petite Korean - american woman . dr . chomsky nightmares ? harry every night . two of they , last night . dr . chomsky what be they about ? 41 . harry I do not think you guy handle dream anymore . I think that dream be just brain garbage . dr . chomsky they be . but you can learn a lot about a person by go through they garbage . Harry think . he close he eye . harry nightmare he 's shaking hand with he father . they be both smile . then with a horrible wet sound Harry split open , right down the center , and norman osborn step out of the husk . the real norman start to laugh he goblin laugh . back on harry he open he eye . Real pain in they . harry they be disgusting . I do not want to talk about they . just , please . give I something to help I sleep through they . the doctor stare at he . sigh . reaches for the prescription pad . int . martin beck theater - audience otto sit in the fifth row , center . watch . int . theater - onstage mj sing she big number , " the mind of the man I Love . " int . theater - audience otto 's entrance . int . martin beck theater - backstage - night mj stalk offstage to lackluster applause . dissatisfy . renard follow right behind . mj I suck ! renard you suck not . 42 . int . dressing room - continuous mj run into the dress room , fling herself onto a batter sofa . there 's a bugle lie there ; she toss it toward renard . mj the bugle be right . I do " manage to be both overstate and paper - thin at the same time . " renard someone do not agree with you or the bugle . he point to a big bouquet of black rose , with a card . she go to they , intrigue , charme , irritate all at once . open the card . mj if Peter think he can ... the card it read : I think you be brilliant . 0.0 . mj " 0.0.2 ? " renard oh oh . ext . martin beck theater - night mj be walk out , carry the flower . otto approach , but keep a certain distance . he do not want to frighten she . he 's dress with a sharpness that be only slightly funereal . otto miss Watson ? she turn , startle but somehow have expect it , too . otto ( cont 'd ) I be otto octavius . I -- I send you that flower . mj oh oh . otto I hope that be not out of line . be it ? it be . Excuse I . I be sorry . 43. he turn and walk away . shake he head . not so much embarrassed as disturb by the failure of he experiment . mj no ! I mean -- otto I will not bother you again . mj wait ! slowly otto turn back . mj ( cont 'd ) I love the flower . I have be sort of hope somebody might send I flower . otto Peter parker ? mj yeah ...? how do you ...? otto Peter 's a friend . of a friend . honestly , I do not really know he very well at all . but he 's the one who tell I about you . about you be in this show . which I love . it be beautiful . you be brilliant , I mean it . mj thank you . unfortunately the drama critic of the Daily bugle do not agree with you . otto the man be a well - know idiot . mj really ? otto legendary . she like this . the bubble of weirdness between they pop . we can almost hear it . mj salute he with the rose . mj thanks for this . 44 , mj and the rose go very well together . otto stare . Inner turmoil visible . a long beat go by . she turn to leave . otto do you believe in the value of boldness , miss Watson ? mj at all time . otto have dinner with I . right now . mj hesitates . not because she do not want to ; because she do . this be a big yes for she . mj where do you have in mind ? otto there 's this ethiopian place on West 47th . mj ethiopian . wow . I have never -- he wiggle he long elegant finger . faintly but disturbingly tentacular . otto I like to eat with my hand . int . meskerem ethiopian restaurant - night a lovely server settles a enormous platter of doro wat and other fine and strange food before they . otto be delighted to see it . mj less sure . otto yum . look at that . mj it 's very ... colorful . otto dig in . after a moment mj tear off a piece of njera and join in . warily . otto watch she . she look right back at he . otto well ? mj strange but good . 45 . otto you be tell I about you mother . mj I know I be , and I be sorry . let 's talk about you . you seem like a much more interesting person than I . otto not to I . ( self mock ) not right now , anyway . int . restaurant - later they be sit closer to each other . she 's finish a story . it 's suppose to be funny but he just nod , serious . otto and do you have a dog ? mj when I be little . tasha . she -- no . I be not go to tell you about my childhood pet . that 's enough . it 's you turn . tell I about what you do . it sound fascinating . otto I could describe it to you . but you would never believe it . mj try I . otto I will tell you what . come uptown . right now . I will show you the lab . I will show you the rig . mj oh , I could not -- otto boldness in all thing . int . anansi project laboratory - night the darken laboratory . machine softly interrogate one another . key in the door . slash of light . 46 . all the light go on as otto usher mj in . she notice the rig right away . it hang in its dock , a malign orchid . mj be that it ? otto be in love with the rig , of course . the way that a man might be in love with a ship , or a 1971 chevrolet barracuda . otto that 's it . she get that he have feeling for he machine . mj it 's beautiful . ( beat ) it 's a little freaky . otto well , I 'ma little freaky . you should probably know that about I . mj okay . the rig one of its head . the one with a somehow crafty expression in its stare black sensor . Pov - the rig as otto " come out " to mj . otto I be not like other people , mj . I be not like anybody you have ever meet . freaky , yeah , I be a freak of nature . I teach myself calculus when I be nine . I be a chess grandmaster at fifteen . I do not say it as a boast . it be hell on earth . I have to fight every day of my life . mj I know a kid like that . otto but there be always that one pretty girl who also manage somehow to be nice . I will bet that be you , huh ? 47 . mj look away , smile . the rig deep in its sensor , a diode pulse . now it 's watch mj . otto ( cont 'd ) today , I be all right with it . I have learn to embrace be a freak . I accept that I be give the gift of intelligence for a purpose . which be this thing you see . the rig . otto 's octopus . he go over to it . take hold of one of its hand . a touch of the bridegroom . mj what do it , well ... do ? otto oh , it cut hair . she laugh . otto ( cont 'd ) what do it do ? it improve you . it make you better . mj you mean it make you stronger ? otto stronger , faster , yes , but also smarter . much smarter . when I be jack in , I feel like my grasp finally equal my reach . I can feel myself -- expand . not just my physical grasp but my mind , my heart , my soul . I feel enlarge by the experience . and it feel right . have you ever feel anything like that ? mj I think so . one time . she go over to the rig . slowly extend she finger toward the nearest head . as she finger draw nearer the diode pulse and we begin to fear for the fate of she finger . her fingertip touch -- the eye go dark . mj ( cont 'd ) when you say " jack " ... 48 . otto there be four shunt that interface directly with my central nervous system . I wear it . but it 's also wear I . he reach up and take hold of the latch , with its spirit level bubble . otto ( cont 'd ) this be the neural integrity seal . the latch , basically . mj do it hurt ? otto the system deliver a steady dose of pain block endorphin the whole time I be in it . which so far have never be longer than a few hour . the goal be a permanent interface . of course the idea of a permanent human / machine integration make some people uneasy . grant , mj 's look a little uneasy . otto finger the latch . otto ( cont 'd ) the rig be design to seek to implement a system merger with the host . unfortunately , so far , my flimsy human tissue 's not up to the challenge . not yet . we be work on that . mj be freak , and fascinate . mj so you have , like ... hole ? in you back ? permanent one ? otto want to see they ? daring she , a little bit . mj not really , but yes . he turn . unbutton he shirt . lower it . four black glint disc in he back . freaky but beautiful . 49 . mj ( cont 'd ) whoa ! okay . thank you . very nice . he pull up the shirt , rebutton it , turn . shirttail hang out . otto it 's late . mj it be . a doorbell panel a finger scan the name . stop at watson . Press the buzzer . ext . mj apartment build - night Peter 's stand there . dress up . holding a single red rise . he wait . there 's no answer . he check he watch ; it 's late . then cue the tingle of spider -sense . he whirl , hear footstep , voice . mj and otto approach the building . Peter 's face as he register the voice : alarmed . reverse angle on the front step as mj and otto approach . Peter 's not there . mj turn to otto , carry the big dark bouquet . mj thank you . I have a really nice , really interesting time . and thank you for the flower . peter parker cling to the side of she building , upside down . take the single cheap rise from he tooth . look at it . otto so , maybe it 's out of line . for I to ask you this . but I do not want to make a fool of myself . be you see Peter parker ? because if you be -- mj no. I be . but he would not ... he could not ... he just could not . otto it 's really none of my business . 50 . but he look pleased with the information . he hold out he hand . otto ( cont 'd ) good night . she take he hand , then plant a kiss on he cheek . peter watch the kiss . it 's break he heart . mj turn and let herself into the building . int . mj build - lobby - night she press herself against the door . stun at she own brazen behavior . ext . mj build - night as otto turn and start back across town . a skip in he step . a cybergoth gene Kelly . feel like dance with a lamppost . ext . lamppost - night as otto walk through its beam we notice a dark shape crouching on the stanchion . watch . ext . science builide - night the dome building where it all begin for Peter . a shadow from the shadow leap onto the dome . it 's Peter . int . science build - night the great central hall . it 's desert and dim . he walk around . hear echoe of that afternoon a year ago . the spider cage be empty . he look down at he hand where the spider bit he , rub it . thoughtful , then he face break . he sit down , bury he face in he hand . choke up . a whirr ; he look up , tingling . int . anansi project laboratory - night Peter creep down the hall just outside . we hear the unmistakable whirr of the rig . series of shot - coupling the rig 51 . 1 ) otto lower the rig into position . 2 ) the rig watch , expressionless . 3 ) otto step into the rig . engage the coupler . a whine of hydraulics . otto reach back to twist the latch . can not quite see what he finger be do . his finger can not reach . can not reach . he strain , grunt . give up . start to press the decoupler . then -- -- a ' pod reach in for the latch and twist it . otto flinch , then let go as bless relief flood he feature . sinking in . the irise of he eye spiral out . one of the ' pod reach toward he face and , tenderly , stroke it with steely finger . Peter , watch , gasp . the 'pod hone in on the sound at once , quivering . otto look over . otto who 's there ? Peter step out of the shadow . otto ( cont 'd ) parker ? peter hi. otto ( rattle ) what the hell be you do here ? peter I want to talk to you . but I see you be -- what be you do ? otto I be just -- uh . celebrate . peter you use that thing ... recreationally ? otto it help I relax . 52 . int . anansi project laboratory - night Peter sit across a desk from otto . one ' pod put on a CD . two other be busy pour two can of Coke . Peter eye the ' pod warily . otto tap at the keyboard of he computer . otto the viral delivery system we be use in the superspider project . peter that 's right . otto hit a few more key . otto that 's why you come here . peter what other reason would there be ? otto shrug . otto here . yes , we be use a modify arbovirus . highly infectious in spider . we replace the nucleonic rna with whatever we want to code for and the virus do the rest . peter be this arbovirus infectious in human ? otto it could be . if we have want to introduce spider material into a human , I suppose we could just have just get one of the little critter to bite -- stare at Peter . understand without know . peter what ? Pov - the rig it watch Peter and otto , pulsing softly . otto why do you want to know ? peter I be just curious . 53. as Peter say this word : they be process by the suit ; it subject they to a visual voice - stress analysis the pattern be scan and designate counterfactual . a indicator begin to blink on one of the pod . at otto' workstation the router begin to blink in kind . on the monitor window pop up , run archive footage of spider - man : climb , swinging , leaping . another window : superspider inventory : 1 through 15 . number 15 flash : lost . but otto 's not even look at the monitor ; he do not need to . otto spider - man 's a friend of yours , be not he ? Peter start to play the question off . peter no , not a friend -- otto know anything about he ? peter not much . kind of a quiet guy . otto know if he be ever bitten by a spider ? peter he might have be . I would not know . otto we lose a spider . if , by chance , it bit he . be that what happen ? and transfer the viral genotrope in its venom ... he 's advance on Peter now . the ' pod billow and arc . 54 . otto ( cont 'd ) that 's great ! it 's a conceptual breakthrough ! peter not to he , it be not . he 's sick of it . that 's why I come to see you . to see if there 's any way to -- otto why do not he just come himself ? peter huh ? oh , because . he 's , uh , horribly disfigure . up close . that 's why he wear the mask . ( shudder ) it 's like , he have this little hair all over he , and compound eyeball . and the smell ! otto unfortunate . no way to control the process , I suppose , rely on a bite . ( beat ) he could probably use one of this eventually . he reach into a tray behind he . hold up a tiny ziplock bag with a speck inside . Peter lean in to look . a tiny bit of circuitry - - a spider - mite of silicon . peter what be it ? otto it 's basically a immune system on a chip . you seed it with a sample of the material you want to defend against , and it pump out antigen . I call it a parity chip . peter parity ? otto equilibrium . the rig be so powerfully integrative that right now it overwhelm my own system . I be hope to use this to boost my body 's immunity . ( more ) 55 . otto ( cont 'd ) in theory you friend could seed this with some of he own spiderize DNA , implant it , and knock out the gene that be coding for he spider trait . he toss the chip back onto the tray . otto ( cont 'd ) this be just a prototype . we be not in fab yet . Peter regards the tray , the little baggie . there it be . his salvation . his eye stray up to : a airvent in ceiling conveniently locate just over the tray . otto ( cont 'd ) I have dinner with Mary Jane Watson tonight . Peter look back , catch by surprise . peter oh. yeah . I know . otto terrific girl . peter agreed . int . anansi project laboratory - night the rig be back in the coupler . otto be at he workstation , asleep in he chair . all quiet . the airvent a tiny thread drop from it . weighted with little suction cup of webbing . the little fishing line drop into the tray . bounce . miss the baggie . bounce again . snag it . thwip ! the baggie shoot up into the air and through the slat of the vent . int . veterinary supply store - day Peter walk in , try to appear nonchalant . 56 . clerk can I help you ? peter yes , hello . I need some soft tissue xx . and a y-gauge syringe . clerk a y-gauge ... what be you try to treat , a rhinoceros ? peter a spider . ( beat ) really big spider . int . ditkovich house - peter be room - night Peter drop a box fill with lab supplies onto he tiny desk . sweep everything off the top of it . int . ditkovich house - live room - night a tiny house in Brighton Beach . ditkovich be play card , for money , with he ukrainian croney . huge clatter . they all look up at the ceiling . then at ditkovich . ditkovich ( in ukrainian , subtitle ) the new roommate . they go back to they game . something break . ditkovich lay down he card with a sigh . ditkovich ( cont 'd ) ( in ukrainian , subtitle ) I think he take my vodka . int . ditkovich house - stair - night ditkovich call up as we climb the stair and start down the upstairs hall . ditkovich Mr. parker ? everything be all right ? int . peter be room - night Peter be wiping down the glass surface of the desk with clorox . we see : gauze pad , adhesive tape , alcohol , pipette . a hot plate with a saucepan of boil water . a box of Morton 's kosher salt . a bottle of vodka . 57 . peter yes ! everything 's fine ! sorry ! he decant some of the steaming saline into a tube . he pick up the pipette , scrape at the inside of he cheek . then he pick up the chip with a clasp . smear the tissue against the chip . drop it into the tube . hold up the big needle . jeez . poke it down into the tube , and draw in the fluid . the chip be suck in along with it . he stare into the whirling fluid in the syringe . series of shot - the syringe in its swirl : 1 ) spider - man careen like a maniac through Greater Manhattan airspace . 2 ) Peter parker sit despondent in otto 's laboratory , head in he hand . 3 ) he crouch at the side of Ben parker , watch he die . BEN ( 0.s. ) I think I would teach you the meaning of responsibility , Peter . at least by my death . that 's the part of all this that make I the saddest . Peter turn . uncle Ben be sit on the bed behind he . peter you do not know what it 's like , uncle Ben . you do not know how it feel to be such a freak of nature ! okay , with great power come great responsibility . I get that . but you know what come with no power ? no worry . no guilt . no freak show ! with he free hand he pour a shot of vodka . toss it back . peter ( cont 'd ) I be not go to lose Mary Jane because of spider - man . I can be spider - man , or I can have a life . a normal life . and draw a deep breath he jerk up he shirt , bare he hip . 58 . pop the needle under the skin . squeeze . it hurt . a lot . his eye roll back in he head . int . ditkovich house - live room - night clink of coin . a muffle thud from above . play stop . ditkovich start to say something . change he mind . ditkovich hit I . int . peter be room - night Peter wake up on the floor . sit up . Hand to he hip ; a tiny dimple under the skin . he check himself out in the mirror . strong. fit. no visible difference . he frown , then leap up into the air . complete a half - flip , and stick foot first against the ceiling . damn . he dress with care , buttone he neat civilian clothes . then he go to the closet . crouches down , open a panel in the closet wall . take out a little roll suitcase with a picture of wolverine . unzip it : the red and blue suit , neatly fold . ext . far brooklyn - vacant lot - dawn still dark . Peter carry the suitcase down a desert street and then out into a swampy waste . in the distance , homeless men around a burn steel drum . here , a steel drum stand alone . the suitcase clang against the inside of the drum . Peter take out a can of lighter fluid . douse the thing liberally , then strike a match . huge , stupidly huge fireball . Peter leap to one side . kick over the drum . flame scatter everywhere . he jump around try to stamp they out . faraway laughter from the man . Peter pick up still - intact suitcase . peter ouch ! he shake the costume out of the smolder case . pick it up off the ground , stare at it . the dead eye of the mask stare back . 59 . he stuff the thing into the steel drum and walk away . do not look especially unburdene . ext . vacant lot - another view a homeless man watch Peter walk away from the drum . he tack a little unsteadily across the lot toward the drum . int . subway car - day Peter riding in a subway car , smudge of black on he face . nearest he sit a young woman in scrub . near she be a couple of men . they be stare at she . Peter see it . man hi. young woman hello . man I be Jack . I say , hi. I be Jack . the woman be try to ignore he . she blushes . Peter 's spider sense tingles as he watch . second man you do not get to be rude , bitch . Peter , sweat . his finger flex . his lip narrow . his eye meet the second mar n's . the train pull screeching into the station . the door open and the girl slip out . the man stand up as if to follow she , then sit back down . they laugh . one of they flip Peter off . Peter look away . int . DAILY bugle - jjj' office - day the homeless man stand across the desk from jjj . carry the char husk of the suitcase . jit I hope you do not have the head of a extraterrestrial in there . homeless man no , sir . jit because if you do , you be the third guy this week . 60 . the homeless man unzip the bag and yank out the costume . it 's blacken and crumpled but still gorgeous . Real . jjj ( cont 'd ) where the hell do you get that ? homeless man this guy leave it in the garbage . out in New lot . first he try to set it on fire . jit set it on fire ? he take the costume and shake it out by the shoulder . turn it this way and that . then he grin . jjj ( cont 'd ) he 's out . thrown in the towel ! abandon he sad masquerade ! he -- a dark think occur . jjj ( cont 'd ) that loser ! quitting on I ! in the middle of the best damn story I have have in thirty year ! if I have not already crush he , I would crush he again just for give up on I ! jjj be forget he visitor . homeless man uh , mister ... jit wait a minute . what kind of idiot do he think I be ? a burnt costume ! how heavy - hand can you get ? sure , he want everybody to think he 's quit . when , in reality , he 's just go underground . inventing a whole new identity for himself ! homeless man Mr. jameson , please , I be hungry . jjj haggle , but he heart 's not in it . he 's stare fixedly at the spidey suit . jit I will give you fifty buck . 61 . homeless man a hundred . jit seventy -five . ext . university - day Peter come up out of the subway , carry a knapsack . part of a stream of other student . walk past a alley , see three men stand together . none of they savory look . two be clearly threaten the third . they rifle the pocket of he jacket . they snatch a little parcel . slap he . Peter 's face , wrestle with the problem . should he do something ? he take a deep breath and keep on walk . hesitant at first , then steadily . int . jjj' office — night late editorial meeting . the costume hang conspicuously from the door . staffer keep sneaking glance at it as jjj harangue they . jjj pick up a front page proof . headline : spidey plays possum ! jit spider - man have put himself into a one - man witness protection program . he 's in hide . and it 's go to be my personal mission , and yours , to root he out ! expose he to the light ! there 's no hide from the truth , let 's show he that ! ( beat ) that 's all I have so far . you people figure out the rest . they all get up and file out . some groan . robbie roberston turn as he 's leave , pause by the costume . sniff . robbie lighter fluid . he go out . shut the door . jonah go over to the suit . regards it . leans forward . sniff it . a weird idea come into he brain . he start to unbutton he shirt . 62 . int . jjj' office — night we be watch he , maybe through the window . he pull the mask down over he head , complete the costume . naturally it 's not a perfect fit . he pose stiffly , movement awkward . then he catch sight of himself in a mirror . strike a pose . another . a parody of spidey 's characteristic move . finally he do the upside - down hook them horn webshoot thing . we leave he have a shameless amount of fun . int . ditkovich house - dine room the next morning Peter wake up in bed . sit up , blink , press at he hip . he pick up biomolecular chemistry . hold it close , far , close . readable but a little blurry . he smile . get out of bed . maybe he 's shrunken a bit . he go over to a wallpaper wall and lay he palm against it . it slide a quarter inch ; he smile . it stick . he frown . he creep up the wall and onto the ceiling . hang there . drop onto the floor . not yet . he fire a strand of web . it shoot clear and thin . then weirdly it sputter . foam up . he shake he hand at the wrist . shoot again . another clear strand shoot out and hit he knapsack . jerk it back to he . but something be change . peter it 's work . he 's delighted . int . ditkovich house - stair - day Peter come fly down the stair . peter ditkovich ! ditkovich ! he give a exuberant little kick at the bottom of the stair . lose he foot . Falls on he ass . ditkovich look down at he . Peter 's not even embarrassed . 63 . peter ( cont 'd ) what a klutz , huh ? ( grin ) I need to use the phone . intercut - peter and mj mj be do yoga . in downward Dog pose when the phone ring . mj hello ? peter mj ? it 's Peter . I -- I want to see you . she do not say anything . peter ( cont 'd ) I want to take you out . after you show . tonight . I think we could have dinner . I have make a few change . mj I can not , Peter . even if I want to see you . which I be not totally sure that I do . I already have plan . peter with otto octavius ? she 's take by surprise by this . mj I do not think that 's any of you business , Peter . Goodbye . she hang up , leave Peter look puzzle . int . anansi project laboratory - night otto 's sing in the shower . the shower be actually a hazmat-exposure rinse . he towel off . sing " tonight " from West side Story . in he exuberance , he be be watched by the rig . after a moment he approach the rig . reaches up to touch it . otto ( just kid around ) you jealous ? silly thing . you know what you and I have be special . 64 . a moment of doubt . otto ( cont 'd ) actually , I almost wish I could take you with I . do not feel like quite such a fool with you around . must be the endorphin push . he look around . peel off he shirt . int . martin beck theater - stage - night mj 's on stage , sing . we do a kind of citizen kane rise up into the catwalk high above the stage . Peter parker dangle by a thread . upside down . listen as mj 's voice rise . int . queen hot dog stand - night otto and mj carry a couple of dog apiece toward the counter . it 's very crowded . otto 's wear he long coat . mj thanks for indulge I . I know it 's a long way to come for a hot dog . but this be the best . otto I have never be to queen before . otto stumble . two ' pod shoot out of the bottom of he coat and arrest he fall . he rights himself , blush . no one have notice but we . he take a bite . otto ( cont 'd ) it 's a very good hot dog . mj I really need it . otto I be sorry the show 's not get any easier for you . mj it 's like there 's this pane of glass between I and the audience . they can see I and hear I , but they can not feel I . 65 . otto I do not agree . I think you be the most marvelously expressive performer I have ever witness . mj beam for a instant , then crack up , then look at he . mj you be sort of gaga over I , be not you ? otto sort of . I hope that 's okay . mj I think so . otto I know we have not know each other for very long . but I - - he wince , and reach involuntarily for he side . mj you okay ? otto bad back . through the plate-glass window we can see Peter watch they from out on the street . ext . streetcorner - night otto and mj stand a foot apart . otto so what do you want to do , now ? mj I do not know . otto would you like -- ( fulinch ) would you like to come to my place ? my home , this time . not my lab . I have be work on a mozart trio . mj ( confuse ) you have another rig at home ? oops. 66 . otto well , sort of . you see -- two big bad men pass . one bump into otto . kind of hard . otto ( cont 'd ) hey , watch it , man . the bbm ignore he . otto start after , with that freaky octopus eye . Mo otto ... otto seem to rise up , weirdly loom . otto I do not know why human being persist in believe that mere physical bulk confer some sort of evolutionary advantage . the bbm feel a tap on he shoulder . it 's a ' pod , natch . man yeah ? the 'pod snake out around otto , fatal and alert . on mj she look fully as if the flesh of the guy that she 's sort of get a crush on have suddenly sproute four steel arm . otto and the faithful rig make short work of the two man . otto turn back to mj , hang in the air . aglow with the work out . Hurricane eye . siren in the distance . otto we want to show you what we be . ext . streetcorner - another view Peter be watch from a distance as otto burst out into strange bloom . peter oh oh . start to run toward they . then stop . look around . see : excelsior souvenir shop he dash in and look around . find a spider - man replica t shirt . 67 . grab it , and a Big Apple ski mask . run out of the shop with the shopowner run after he . as he run he pull on the long - sleeve T-shirt and mask . ext . streetcorner - on otto and mj the arm retract and otto come to she , he clothing in tatter . she back away . turn . tries to run . a ' pod lazily retrieve she . whip she around . otto ( plural voice ) look at we ! she meet he gaze . he look tenderly at she . siren get louder . otto ( normal voice ) you be so lovely . the fingertip of the ' pod stroke she cheek with the same tenderness . ick . mj get away from I ! she try to duck free of the ' pod . he will not let go . spider-man ( 0.s. ) let go of she . otto turn . see Peter stand there . laugh . otto we be out of candy , kid . you will have to tp the house . spider-man put she down ! he fly at otto . otto sidestep he and , reinforce he grip on mj , start to flee up the side of a building . on top of the building they start to fight . a leaping pursuit across the rooftop . elevated track in the distance . on the next to last rooftop before the track , otto turn . the fight begin . it 's not a fair fight ; otto he hamper by hold mj. otto look at mj : reproach in he eye . then he set she gently down . and leap over to the next building . 68 . spider - man go to mj . she shake he arm . mj go get he . please . he 's not bad . Peter peer at she through the eyehole of the ski mask . peter do you ... do you love he ? mj he 's my friend . he 's angry . and dangerous . please , spider - man . do not let he hurt himself . spider - man nod . and go after otto . chase he across the last rooftop before the track . otto hesitates on the ledge . spider - man fly at he headfirst . hit and they both tumble over the side of the building . '' train sequence " ( tr ) they fall onto the elevate track that run alongside the building . a train be pass at that moment . they smash down onto the top of it and be carry along the rush track . otto rights himself . get to he foot . otto I be ready . come on . spidey rise and then it 's basically a five mile long version of King of the Hill , at high speed . or maybe the myth of sisyphus . otto dig at the head of the car , and spidey come after he . and otto throw he off , and spidey come after he . every time he fall off the train , something worse happen to spider - man than the time before . it 's brutal . but he always climb back on . at one point spidey manage to get right onto otto 's back . he get he hand in at the root of the ' pod and grab hold of the latch . pull on it . it snap and swing free . still attach . but useless . and otto hurl he off the train . spidey climb back on . after the latch bust , otto just keep get stronger . but we notice that spidey seem to be tiring . he 's wind . so it make otto angry that spidey keep on come . he knock spidey off again , and then smashes in the window of the car beneath he foot , reach in with he ' pod . 69 . he start yanking people right out and toss they to the side . spider - man snare they all in web . the last time , he webbing sputter before it fire . finally otto rip the control right out of the car . then he jump off the train . spider - man want to go after he . but the train be now hurtle out of control . he can not just leave it . he stay . and it 's a good thing , because a big l-bend in the track be come up . and the train be go much too fast to take the turn . spider - man manage to get all the passenger evacuate to the rear half of the train . then he get behind the first three car ( now empty ) , right in down between , and cut the lead one loose . give they a mighty push . they race ahead , smash through the guard rail , and plunge over the side of the elevate . now spider - man have to stop the part with the passengers . he jump down in front of the car that 's now the lead . plant he leg against the speed track itself . railroad tie snap-snap -snap and the momentum slow . but not enough . finally , web sputter , at the very limit of he strength , spider - man string he own body between building with webbing , make himself into the focus of a giant slingshot , with all that ton of train shove right up against he . and the train slow . and slow . and slow . and stop . the passenger cheer . utterly spend , he makeshift costume tatter , gape hole in he mask , spider - man hang over the abyss , cling to the edge , hold in place by the tension of he webbing against the bulk of the train behind he . and then -- at he wrist the webbing give out . for good . the spinneret foam over like emptied aerosol can . he hang suspend for a moment . then fall -- and be catch , by the passenger . lean out of the front window of the train . they drag he back in and lay he on the floor . his mask be so tear and stretch that you can see more than half he face . the passenger look down at he . then a older man reach down and tug the mask back over spider 'man 's face . look up at the other : anybody get a problem with my do that ? 70 . nobody do . int . anansi project laboratory - night otto stumble back into the lab . he 's cry . he back into the coupler and activate it . it advance to a certain point and then stall . tries it again ; nothing . his hand reach for the latch . it 's loose ; he remember in flashback - fight as spider - man bust the latch while try to decouple otto . present moment - lab a glint black ' pod join he hand on the latch . they be together forever now . a look on otto 's face of inexpressible rapture or possibly unbearable pain . he sink to the ground . int . anansi project laboratory - day early the next morning . one of the graduate assistant let let herself in . wearing headphone , listen to the flaming lip . nicest time of the day . sing along , hang up coat , turn on light . take a moment or two to sense that something be amiss . doff the headphone . turn to look at : the empty coupler cable dangle loose . this pretty much freak out the Graduate Assistant completely . assistant Professor octavius ? otto lies on the floor , naked , in the rig . weird fluid seeping from the flesh / machine interface . the assistant go for the phone , stab out a code . assistant ( cont 'd ) this be gretchen mccord , in the anansi lab . I need help . I need doctor . a lot of doctor . a alarm begin to sound . int . research CENTER - corridor - day a special team of commando doctor , extreme surgeon , rush along , wheeling equipment and gear . they be like Helmut Newton doctor , pack in a portable operate theater . 71 . int . anansi project laboratory - day convert to a impromptu surgery . otto lie on a table with the ' pod wilting around he . the x-doc go to work . they be wear mirrore eyeshade and use laser instrument . it 's a complicated ballet of machinery and surgeon and blood . the anesthesiologist monitor the ekg . doctor 1 Jesus ! look at he tissue ! it 's change so fast you can see it . doctor 2 his autoimmune function be break down completely . doctor 3 the rig 's like a parasite ... that 's go to kill its host . doctor 4 unless we kill he first by try to remove it . the pace of the ekg ratchet up a notch . anesthesiologist I may need to give he a little more . so be we go to do this or not ? the doctor look at each other . doctor 3 all right . come on . the anesthesiologist prepare to turn up the gas on otto . one of the ' pod stir faintly . unobserve . it 's diode pulse . take in the situation . the surgeon take up they instrument . from the pseudpod , a soft whirr as we travel down into the pod itself into its system . impulse send to a fabrication unit . a complicated organic molecule take rapid shape , then a dozen more like it , and we follow they back out of the fab . the molecule be pump directly into another system : otto 's nervous system . up the spine , toward the brain . 72 . a soft feminine voice well up , muffle . almost sound like it 's say , wake up , otto . otto' body we travel up along he hip and chest , through he neck and up to he eye they snap open . otto I be awake . with a roar he come to life . the ' pod windmill and lash and flail . a tornado or turbine . within moment , otto stand surround by body . he 's bleed himself . the servo of a ' pseudopod trill softly . the other ' pod gather near it , and turn they attention as one on otto . darting , flex , the ' pod go to work on otto 's wound . one clean with a swab . one secrete a ointment . one radiate a heal light . and one pour he a glass of brandy . he knock it back . sigh . otto ( cont 'd ) all right . system report . he appear to be listening to a voice in he head , a soft feminine murmur we can almost make out . wince . otto ( cont 'd ) Jesus , that 's disgusting . how long do we have ? ( listen ) I be go to have to try the parity chip . he go over to the tray . of course it 's not there . otto ( cont 'd ) spider - man ! he steal it -- or parker steal it for he . ( listen ) no , no time to fab a new one . his voice thicken as he shift to the plural , as if another strand have be woven into it . otto ( cont 'd ) we need to find another mean of attain system equilibrium . 73 . int . anansi project laboratory - continuous otto open one of the x-doctor ' portable locker . stack with they rubberize scrub-jumpsuits . hold it up . yes , it will do . the ' pod take it from he . the ' pod go to work modify the uniform . a blade . a needle . a heat sealer . then they hand it back to otto . he hold it up ; now it can fit around the rig . int . laboratory - night otto check himself out in a mirror over a sink . pretty styling . he look closer . he eye color storm race across they . the surface of Jupiter . this will not do . he pick up a pair of eyeshield . electrochromic lense that darken at a touch . he darken they , then smile at the man in the reflection : Doc ock . otto not bad for a die man . int . martin beck theater — rehearsal room - day mj be take some coach from a woman at a piano . try to find around a thorny note in she song . the director of bride ! poke in he head . director mj ? talk to you a minute ? mj look at the pianist . the pianist know . look away . int . director' office - day mj 's talk fast as he usher she in . mj Bobby , I know I keep screwing up my block in the scene with the couch . director you have be fine . mj I have be work all day with renard -- she sit . she do n ' she cock she take mj 's eye 74 . director sit down . he slide a box of mint across the desk . mj no , thank you . director take one . it 's a prove fact that it 's harder to cry if you have a mint in you mouth . t get it . then she get it . mj when be she come back ? director tomorrow night . she 's strong and in good voice , and she 's all ready to go . mj well . I be glad to hear that . it be a great learn experience for I , and -- director I be glad you feel that way , mj , I really be . but , well , there 's one more thing I have to tell you . she head , curious , no idea what it could be . director ( cont 'd ) please , have a mint . a mint . director ( cont 'd ) allie Black be go to take over as the shepherdess . and as Mrs. frankenstein 's understudy . fill with tear . she go pale . mj what ? why ? Bobby , why ? 75 . director well , I just think , and Howard agree with I , that it would be best . overall . it 's not you , mj . it 's the show . it 's just not the best fit . for you . mj be in shock now . she nod , rise , head for the door . before she go out she turn back . be brave . mj Bobby , can I ask you something ? do you think I have any talent ? director talent ? yes . and gut . look , too , if you do not mind my say so . but -— mj but what ? director nothing . mj come on . you will be do I a favor . director you seem to have a hard time open up . really connect to the audience . there 's something break way down inside of you that you do not want to let out . most people do not . but actor have to . she nod , bitterly . she know . she slip out . ext . theater - day mj stand outside the theater . bill be go up over the poster , next to the word deirdre dunn , that read her triumphant return . it 's raining . maybe it 's even start to snow . she just stand there , crush . footstep . it 's renard , walk into the theater . he see she , and then start to act like he do not . mj renard ? 76 . renard oh ! ( bad act ) mj hi. hey . I hear . mj I should have know . I do not know why I ever think I - - renard yeah , that 's tough . I know how you be feel . somehow not quite sincere . mj no , you do not . there 's only one person who know how I be feel right now . int . peter be room - day Peter be on the phone . he 's a wreck , batter , cut . receptionist ( 0.s. ) Center for biomimetic Research . peter Dr. octavius , please ? receptionist just a moment . harsh voice ( 0.s. ) who be this ? peter I 'ma ... friend ... of Dr. octavius . harsh voice ( 0.s. ) Dr. octavius have resign he appointment . who be this ? Peter hang up . spook . a knock at he bedroom door . he jump . peter yeah ? ditkovich open the door . 77 . ditkovich pretty girl be here . int . ditkovich house - day Peter come down the stair . mj be stand in the live room . they look at each other ; he read she sadness . peter what happen ? she go to he and burst into tear . he hold she . stroke she hair . she look up at he . mj you be wear you glass . ext . coney island - boardwalk - dusk they walk along the desert boardwalk . snow flurry . peter that guy be crazy , mj . that 's all I can say . I see you . you be awesome . she turn to look at he . mj you see I ? when do you see I ? peter oh , I drop in the other night . you be fantastic ! you put everything you have out there , mj . everything you be . right up front . you always have . that 's what I have always ... mj what ? that 's what you always what ? he put he arm around she . she leave it there . int . diner - night Peter drink coffee . mj 's eat a huge sundae . peter I know what a jerk I have be . I understand why you get mad at I . I say I would always be there for you , and then I be not . ( more ) 78 . peter ( cont 'd ) but I swear to you , mj , thing be go to be different now . she roll she eye . peter ( cont 'd ) what ? I be serious . mj why be thing go to be different now ? because you start wear you glass again ? peter because -- I can not tell you . but you do not need to worry about it , because I have change , and -- but mj 's get steam . mj you can not tell I ? you can not tell I ! Peter parker , if you can not tell I , if you can not trust I , then nothing have change at all ! you and you little boy secret ! she push away the ice cream . mj ( cont 'd ) call I when you be ready to grow up ! people be stare . timidly Peter raise a finger . peter check , please . mj be not there one semi-normal , grow up human male in this whole goddamn city ? the waitress bring the check . waitress I hope that be a rhetorical question . Peter take out he wallet . as he open he wallet , he already know what he will find in it . it 's empty . 79 . peter I , uh , I need to get to a ATM . mj , disgust , yank open she purse . scramble up from the table . mj yeah . thing have really change a lot . mj shake she head , toss down a twenty , walk out . ext . mineo' pizza - night Peter approach . gibreel be out front , struggle to attach a hot box to the back of he motorscooter . it tumble . Peter lurch to grab it but pizzas go scatter everywhere . gibreel be frantic . Peter try to help he gather they . peter same thing happen to I one time . Mr. Aziz come out . mr . aziz Peter parker ! int . mineo' pizza - night Peter stand supplicant , Mr. Aziz shaking he head . the phone ring and ring . peter it 's just I be flat break , Mr. Aziz . please give I another chance . mr . aziz I be sorry , Peter , but follow you downsizement I have be oblige to hire my nephew from home . he nod he head toward saladin , who be engage in fatal combat with a round of dough . mr . aziz ( cont 'd ) if anything they be even less competent than you , but they be family . he reach for the phone . mr . aziz ( cont 'd ) yes , yes , mineo 's . 80 . view through the window as gibreel putter away on he scooter . the hotbox come loose and smashes against the street . before Mr. Aziz can react , spider -man walk in . not spider man . a guy in a realistic spidey mask . with a big Glock . brandish it toward Peter , then Mr. Aziz . saladin hold up the sagging round of dough . spidey hood okay , hadji , give I everything you get . Mr. Aziz try to smile . mr . aziz all right , but I hope you have a very modest habit , my friend , because this be not go to buy you much of a fix . spidey hood shut up ! he club Mr. Aziz on the head with he gun . Peter throw himself on the hood . tries to get a choke-hold on he . the hood elbow Peter , then punch he hard in the stomach . Peter try to grab he again . the hood smashes he over the head with he gun . Peter sag to the floor . the hood snatch all the cash from the register . Mr. Aziz come over and help Peter to he foot . Mr. Aziz be cry . mr . aziz thank you , Peter . you be a very good person . Peter stagger to he foot . int . harry apartment - day Harry 's sleep in the middle of the day , face down . bottle by the bed . a clunk . his eye unstick . another weird metallic clunk . Harry sit up . it sound like it 's come from the other side of he titanium security shutter . 81 . he hit the security panel . a image of the lobby station . the guard be dead . brrrong . the shutter be rip open . Doc ock step in from five storey up . alarm be scream . otto I do not have time to waste , osborn . I need money . lot of it . quickly . and a well - equip laboratory . he take a small envelope from he pocket , hold it out to Harry . otto ( cont 'd ) that 's my Christmas list , Santa . account number . supplier . the address I want it all send to . ( grin ) I be go free-lance . harry this be nut , otto . be you nut ? you kill one of my security guy ! ( point to window ) you trash five million dollar worth of bomb shield ! what the hell 's you problem ? otto we must achieve system equilibrium . otto can not survive in this intermediate state . harry otto can not ? he look curiously at ock . there 's something different -- the weird plural voice . ock master it . otto I need spider - man . that get Harry 's interest . otto ( cont 'd ) I need he body . not all of it , just he immune system . well , and he spine . and all of he bone marrow . harry his spine ? otto all you need to know be that in return for you -- corporate support -- for this procedure ... I guarantee you that transition to the next level of human evolution will ... unavoidably ... kill spider - man . 82 . there 's a distant rise tromp of foot . a pounding on the outer door . otto ( cont 'd ) think it over , junior . what would you father want you to do ? security ( 0.s. ) Mr. osborn ! Mr. osborn ! Harry look at otto , who toss the envelope at fumble the catch . otto leap out through the window . the security look around . security man Mr. osborn ! be you all right ? ext . queen cemetery - day a black mercede pull up amid the roll gray queen cemetery . a chauffeur get out and come car . open the door for Harry . Harry get out and look around at the . barren , hate it here . ext . cemetery - norman' grave - day he . Harry men burst in , surf of a around the wintry . he Harry stand in front of the headstone . a hint of spookiness in drift of leave across the grave . harry dad . I know that you be a man of honor . a man who always play by the rule . and I know I be not suppose to take the law into my own hand . mock laughter . Harry gaze at the thirteen unlucky letter : norman osborn . norman osborn ( 0.s. ) " I know I be not suppose to take the law into my own hand . " what a pussy ! harry dad -- norman osborn you see what spider - man do to I . he 's play by a different send of rule . rule for man . let this octopus do it for you , if you be not man enough to do it yourself . but if he fail ... I expect you to avenge I . 83 . Harry fall down onto he knee . collapse on the grave . harry I will . I swear ! int . limousine - day Harry flip open he cell phone , punch a number . the grave on he cheek . harry octavius ? osborn . you will get everything you need . int . bugle - day dirt from Peter walk into the city room , toward jameson 's office . he stop when he see : through the partition Harry and jjj , talk urgently . on the door behind Harry , Peter see : he costume the sight of he shock he . he walk up to Betty brant 's desk . betty you back on the job ? peter I be hope to be . 84 . betty you sure know how to pick you moment . jit ( 0.s. ) you change you mind ?! int . jjj' office — day jjj and Harry be face to face . jit you can not promise a ten million dollar reward and then change you mind ! I have stoke the greed and bloodlust of eight million people to a fever pitch ! you be just go to turn you back on that ? Harry be strangely cool . cooler than we have ever see he . jab that harry I have find a more effective mean of obtain my end . jit yeah ? and what be that ? harry you will know soon enough . jit oh , really ? tell I this , osborn ... how do I know that you be not spider - man ? eh ? maybe this whole reward thing be just a elaborate dodge . and now that 's thing be get a little hot for you , you want to call it off ! you father be a strange character , I always think so . maybe you be a little strange , yourself . jameson finger at Harry . jjj ( cont 'd ) now go home , and leave the run of a public smear campaign to the people who really know what they be do . Harry grab the finger and crumple it in he fist . jameson snatch it back , wince . 85 . harry you be just a grandstand hack , jameson ! you do not know what it 's like to want revenge so bad you can taste it ! Harry stalk out , brushes past Peter . Peter reach out to he . peter Harry ? Harry , what 's go on ? Harry whirl , furious , about to strike . the wire lattice embed in the safety glass of the partition cast a grid of shadow across Peter 's face ; it look like webbing . Harry peer at Peter , fixedly , then turn and walk out . jjj turn to Peter , suck on he sore finger . Peter eye the costume . jit Jesus , parker , how many time do I have to fire you ? ext . aunt may' house - day a sunny day . geranium . otto notice the geranium by the door . ring . aunt May 's there . may yes ? otto Excuse I . I be look for Peter parker . sorrow on the old woman 's face at the name . may he be not here . do you mind my ask what this concern ? be you a friend of Peter 's ? otto we share a hobby . may what hobby be that ? otto spider -man. 86 . may spider - man ? ( nod ) one look at you and I should have know . otto please . there 's a whirr but it 's otto 's own meat arm that shoot out . he clutches aunt May . whirring . otto struggle against a murderous impulse in the ' pod . otto ( cont 'd ) please ! it 's very urgent . where be parker ? may I have not seem he in over a week ! we have a argument , I throw he out . I do not know where he be ! and that 's the truth . she 's lie . but doubt crease otto 's face . May see it . and suddenly fear give way to something else . anger. pride . will to live . may ( cont 'd ) now I will thank you to take you hand off of I ! otto 's surprised . so be May . he retract he hand . otto we will find spider - man . we will flush he out . may you do that . just leave Peter parker alone . '' ock' rampage " Three scene of urban destruction . ext . prada - day ock alight outside the flagship store . go " shopping . " trashes the place , terrify fellow shopper . go out with cool new clothes . as he 's walk out he say , with panache : 87 . otto my name be otto octavius . I ama mad scientist . I be look for spider - man . ext . lincoln tunnel - day Cars line up head out of town , traffic stall . driver touchy . suddenly a car fly right out of the tunnel . land on and crush some other car . another car fly out . then another . a few more besides . then there 's a metallic groaning and scraping . ock emerge , drag a armore car behind he . he toss car in front of the tunnel mouth to one side . clear a space . then rip open the armored car . people leap from they car to harvest the whirling money . quickly they turn savage , fight each other , slip and slide on the ice as they chase the money . otto stride among they . hang over they . they stop fight and look up . otto my name be otto octavius , I ama mad scientist . the destruction will not stop until spider - man surrender himself to I . ext . rose space CENTER - day otto smashes he way into the building , shatter the huge window , scatter schoolchild . int . space CENTER - day he head straight for the willamette meteorite . tour guide ... find in Oregon , weigh over 15 ton ... otto it 's closer to sixteen . he dig in the ' pod . grip the meteorite . pull . pull . pull . and uproot it . carry right out of the museum . 88 . int . fifth avenue - day otto stalk down the avenue swinging the space rock at the end of he ' pod like a enormous mace . gouging huge chunks out of building on either side . int . WASHINGTON square park - day otto wind up like a cricket bowler and then hurl the meteorite through Washington Square arch . he turn to a horrified crowd who cower nearby . otto I be sure you know who I be by now . let I repeat . spider - man be responsible for the fate of New York City . turn to a woman . gently . otto ( cont 'd ) do you get that ? woman spider - man be responsible . otto thank you . woman you be welcome . otto stalk away . we get a good look at he as he go by . he look bad . the toll on he tissue be become visible ; tracery of black webbing across he skin . television news report feature footage of ock 's reign of terror . reporter as the carnage continue , denise , one question be increasingly on the mind of New yorker -- where be spider - man ? if he will not give himself up to octavius -- why do not he stop he ? int . peter be room - day Peter watch the broadcast on a tiny b&w tv . he look as if he 's be lie there motionless for day . week . unshaven . in pajamas . in a bad way . 89 . woman on tv ..- he tell we that spider - man be responsible for this . ( to camera ) spider - man , please . do as he say . Peter 's hand stray to the place on he hip where he make the injection . reporter back to you , denise . girl talking head thank you , Rhonda . and , now , here in the studio , we have jj jameson , publisher of the New York Daily bugle . in recent day , you paper have be take some of the credit for apparently drive spider man into hide . now that he do not seem to want to come out of hide , do you feel you paper deserve some of the blame for -- jit ( on tv ) for the fact that spider - man be a damn coward ? absolutely not ! as much as I deplore this Doctor octopus character 's method -- girl talking head Doctor octopus ? jit ( on tv ) that 's what we be go with , what do you think ? a knock on the door . Soft , at first . Peter ignore it . then louder . may ( 0.s. ) Peter ? panic . Peter switch off the television . make a frantic , doom attempt to tidy the room . give up . go to open the door . aunt May come in , carry grocery bag and a baked good . tries to conceal she distaste at the room . 90 . may ( cont 'd ) well , be not this -- snug . here , I make you some soup , and you favorite , a Boston cream pie . Real whipped cream . peter you come all the way over here -- with soup ? may and Boston cream pie . peter aunt May , have not you see the news ? do not you know what 's happen out there ? may the train be still run . if the train be still run , it must be all right . ( beat ) and I have not hear from you in so long , dear . I be worried about you , Peter , you do not look well . come downstairs and have some soup . int . kitchen - night Peter sit at the table while aunt May put a bowl of soup in front of he . he dig right in . day since he eat . may you know , that awful octopus . he come look for you . earlier today . the spoon stop halfway to he mouth . freak by this . peter he come to see you ? why ? may he say that he be look for spider man . she 's fiddling with the Boston cream pie . not look at he . may ( cont 'd ) for some reason he seem to feel that you might know where to find he . 91 . a long pause . then Peter go back less heartily to he soup . she poke may ( cont 'd ) I can not say that he be a very nice man . a finger into he soup , taste it . may ( cont 'd ) I send he pack . ( beat ) too much dill . peter aunt May . the last time we ... at the house ... what I tell you ... may you should have tell I sooner . and I should have forgiven you before now . it would have be so much easier for both of we . peter I would have like that . thing have not be very easy at all . tear in he eye . may Peter , I understand the burden that you have be carry . peter no , you do not . may yes , I think I do . the sense of guilt . of responsibility . peter I be so sick of that word . may but that 's how life be , Peter . she slice he a piece of Boston cream pie ( really a cake ) . may ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) responsibility be thrust on you . calamity . tragedy . through no fault of you own . and you sit , and you say -- she look bite . peter why I ? may yes , you say , why I ? and the answer be , you will never know the answer to that . at the pie -- why not ? cut herself a may ( cont 'd ) mmm . not bad . but the real question you should ask be not , why I ? it 's , what be you go to do about it ? ( beat ) my particular answer to that question be , to bring my only nephew some chicken noodle soup and a Boston cream pie . he be not cry anymore . he 's just listen , may ( cont 'd ) I do not what the answer be for you , Peter . but you do . peter it 's so hard , aunt May . I just want to have a normal life . the kind of life -- may that do not break you heart ? ( beat ) that would be nice , would not it ? normal , I do not think so . ext . ruined pier - night Doc ock' 92 . piece . take a and eat pie . secret lair . it hum with activity within . int . secret lair - night a laboratory be in place . much of oscorp system , Inc . ock have be work all away from make adjustment to a table . sit down in a chair . Harry be there , irritate , strung out . the equipment label night . he step nasty -look surgical two 93 . harry why do not you have he yet ? what be I pay you for ? otto he will not come out ... I can not flush he . " pod snake out and grab a can of soda , a slice of pizza . the other two take hold of one of he meat arm . one jack in a blood probe . otto ( cont 'd ) how be it ? harry how be what ? otto I be not talk to you ! otto look over at : a monitor it display the analysis of he immunoresponse . not good . otto ( cont 'd ) I see. ( beat , plural voice ) we have one remain vector . harry vector ? what do you mean . otto ( normal voice ) I mean , I want to see Mary Jane Watson again . int . mj bedroom - night Television go , footage of otto 's havoc . mj doze in the blue light . boom . she stir . boom ! scream of people in the street . her eye open . the sound of the ' pod -- kzh - kzh kzh . she go to the window and look out . the building across the way lie in rubble . fire . people run in panic . in the center of it stand Doc ock . a literal path of destruction behind he . otto Mary Jane ! Mary Jane ! 94 . she pull back from the window . summon she nerve . go to the window and throw it open . step out onto the little balcony of she apartment . mj otto ... otto . why be you do this ? a look of agony pass across he face . otto why ? his feature harden . otto ( cont 'd ) because we need to catch a spider . he climb straight up the face of the building to she . otto ( cont 'd ) and you be the fly . ext . mj neighborhood - night in flame . Police and rescue crew . Peter come run up toward the street where she life . it 's cordon off . a policeman stop he . policeman that 's as far as you can go , buddy . Peter step back , horrify by the destruction . people huddle miserably nearby . a nynex guy be stand on top of he truck , try to see what 's happen . bystander 1 where 's spider - man in all this ? bystander 2 that 's what I be say , what 's he problem ? it 's like , how selfish can you be ? bystander 3 he 's responsible for all of this . I see it on tv . Peter hear all this . Jesus . a huge crash in the distance , then a series of crunch . bystander 1 what be that ? 95 . nynex guy he just climb up the side of a building . he 's talk to some girl ! he 's grab she ! there 's just time for the shock to register on Peter 's face when ock come crash past with mj catch up struggle in one ' pod . the police raise they weapon . ready to fire . cop no , you will hit the girl . ock 's move incredibly fast . he step right over the police line -- and right over Peter . Peter run after they . peter mj ! mj ! mj hear he -- mj Peter ? -- but ock just keep on go . Peter pick up a break beam lie nearby and hurl it at ock 's leg as hard as he can . a ' pod lash out and flick it away . then lash at Peter , too , and send he fly . he land hard . ock vanish from sight . Peter get up , look around . jump into the nynex truck . take off after ock at top speed . the nynex guy have to leap off . nynex guy that dude take my damn truck ! ext . avenue - night ock stalk along the street , move fast . mj struggle in the " pod . mj otto ! otto , stop ! otto reach back , with a meat hand , as if to slap she . catch himself . otto okay . okay ! poor otto 's brain be shiver into shard . otto ( cont 'd ) okay , mj. darling . let I try to explain this to you . he stop and set she down somewhat roughly . mj let I go . otto I can not . she stare at he . otto ( cont would ) no. ( listen ) shut up ! mj I do not say anything ! otto I be not talk to you ! okay . okay , I will let go . but do not leave I . 96 . he uncoil a ' pod from she waist . she start to bolt . otto ( cont 'd ) I be go to die , mj ! ext . avenue - night Peter race in the truck . weaving through traffic . in the distance . ext . avenue - night otto retract the arm . mj turn toward he . see there . take a step he way . otto please . come . you will be help we . we promise . as he speak , one of the ' pod snake beckoningly notice , and she shudder . mj otto , who be we ? gunning engine . here come Peter , tire squealing . see ock real pain out . mj otto snatch mj up again with one ' pod . rise up on the lower pair . 97 . and with the fourth , plunge straight into the cab of the truck and grab hold of Peter . rip he out and toss he aside . the truck crash against a lamppost and split open . a bicycle chain to the lamppost go fly and land with a clatter . Peter lie amid spool of cable and orange plastic fencing . he stand up shakily . now a helicopter descend on the intersection . squad car arrive from every direction . one of the ' pod snake up and grab hold of the chopper 's strut . another reach right into the whirl of the helicopter 's rotor . his ' pod take hold of the rotor shaft and with a horrible shriek bring it to a halt . then ock hurl the chopper directly at the police car . watch the explosion , grin , he retreat . he do not see : the web that Peter have improvise , from orange fencing , across the intersection . it 's crooked and lame but ock stumble . lose he balance . slam to the ground . one ' pod stay aloft , hold mj . Peter run to she , she grab hold of he . he try to pry it loose . no way . now another ' pod snake in and grab Peter and bat he lightly aside . otto tell you friend spider - man I need to talk to he . then they be go . Peter 's alone in the rubble . defeat ... and then , abruptly , grim . he go over to the wreckage of the nynex truck . pull out the toolbox . open it . take out a wick needle - nose plier . hold it up . should he ? flashback - coney island they walk down the boardwalk in the snow . a few string of color light . he put he arm around mj 's waist . peter ( v.0 . ) I just want to have a normal life . a life -- may ( v.0 . ) -- that do not break you heart ? that would be nice , would not it ? 98 . present moment - avenue - night he look around at the smolder wreckage around he . then at the plier . this be go to hurt . he jab the knife directly into he hip . dig around . the worst splorch imaginable result . his eye roll back in he head . he stagger . but he hold up the bloody chip and grimly smile . he look around -- need wheel . there 's the bicycle . a little bent . it will do . he take pedale after ock and mj . ext . avenue - night Peter ride past looters , smash store window . a looter hold up the television he have snatch . looter hey , look here , I get I my eight - armed discount . Peter slow , watch , frown . looter ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do about it ? Peter pedal off , slow again , turn . peter you really should put that back . the looter , incredulous . looter man , shut up . his friend laugh . then there 's a cry for help . Peter look . some other looters have descend on a sikh man who be defend he store . looter ( cont 'd ) yo , why do not you go back to Baghdad ? peter hey ! everyone turn to look at he . Peter look down the Avenue . Far , far away , by the flatiron Building , we can see the dance glint of ock 's ' pod . then looters fall on the sikh man . 99 . Peter drop the bike , and run into the midst of the gang . they turn on he . the sikh man crawl out of the melee , bleed . the looter swell around Peter , kick , stomping , punch . he go down under the surf of man . then , with a audible whoosh , the gang of looter fly backward . it 's like a blossom bloom . Peter rise to he foot , bloody but steady . the man come at he again but now he make short work of they , leaping , kick , dance . the sikh man look on , throw sympathy punch . the looter lie fall around Peter . he reach down to yank the stock cap from one of the men' head . peter ( cont 'd ) be you use this ? int . jjj' office — night jjj be at he desk , on the phone . people come and go . the spidey suit hang in a nice class case . jit any sign of he ? no ? whap . from the board - up skylight . jjj look up . uh oh . a foot smashes through the wood , splintering it , and then Peter , stock cap over he face , land in front of jjj 's desk . he go over to the case , shatter it . reaches in and take the suit . hold it up . jjj ( cont 'd ) what the hell do you think -- peter it make you look fat . he fire a web up out of the skylight , give it a jerk , and then sail out after it . ext . fifth avenue - night spider - man swing along the avenue , try to catch up to dock ock . ext . rockefeller CENTER - night he catch up to he at rockefeller Center and they fight , in the snow , on the ice of wollman rink . mj get away from otto but then stay to watch . each combatant gift in he own way with power , agility , a kind of grace . 100 . otto not bad for a couple of freak . spider-man speak for yourself . otto I speak for we both . you have the great power -- power I need . but I have the strength of know what I be . I embrace my freak nature . I revel in it . you will always be fight against it . that be why I will win this battle . and he do . at last spidey lie defeat at Doc ock 's numerous foot . Doc ock pick he up , and grab mj . he take he cell phone out of he pocket . coolly punch a number . int . harry apartment - night Harry sit watch the destruction on television . clearly drugge to the gill . the phone ring . he manage to notice . harry what . otto you father 's soul will soon rest in peace , Mr. osborn . meet I at the pier . click . Harry rise wobble to he foot . a strange echoing laughter in he ear . int . doc ock hq - night ock toss spider - man onto he big nasty spinal - cord extracting table . mj he set down more tenderly to one side . he prepare the procedure . it look like it 's go to be extremely painful . ext . doc ock hq - night Harry 's limo pull up . Harry get out . look around nervously . int . doc ock hq - night mj revive , sit up . groggy . Harry stumble in . see mj . harry mj ? what be you -- 101 . otto turn . he have spider - man all strapped in , now . otto hello , Harry . come to watch ? I guess you have be wait quite some time for this moment . I suppose before anything else you would like to know who put you father in the ground . Harry draw closer , fascinate . he nod . mj hang back . otto reach out and yank the mask off of Peter . harry face horror . the memory of Peter and he father shaking hand . of spider - man leave the corpse of norman osborn . mask begin to circle one another in he mind -- the mask of norman osborn 's collection , spider - man 's mask -- and one other , green and grin . mj Peter ? ( dawn shock and horror ) Peter ! she run toward the table . a 'pod lash out and knock she brutally aside . Harry go to she , see the blood on she cheek . look back at Peter lie on the table as a great , spike , vascular probe begin to descend on the tear form of he friend . the laughter begin to sound louder in he ear and the probe descend . harry no ! this be not -- I be not -- he stumble to he foot , stone and terrify , and lurch out of the laboratory . ock swing another fall - look unit into place near Peter 's head . all of the ' pod be work in balletic unison to prepare the procedure . mj stand . she see a big spanner lie on the ground . pick it up . tuck it behind she back . start to inch toward otto . mj otto . do not do this . you do not want to do this . 102 . otto there 's no way to avoid it . we only need piece of he , really , but they be rather crucial piece . she 's come closer to otto . otto ( cont 'd ) if we could take what we need without kill he , we would , but ala -- he flip a few more control . two of the ' pod zero in on Peter 's head . one extrude foam onto it . the other produce a clipper-head . with a few rapid stroke they shave Peter bald . otto ( cont 'd ) no , that 's not true . we be look forward to this death . you know what 's interesting ? human always think of the killer instinct as something very primitive . a relic of the savage past . now all the cruel apparatuse be in place . a urchin of steel spine , miniature ' pod , wriggle toward Peter 's bare skull . otto ( cont 'd ) but the longer we spend at this level of evolution , the more we realize that that 's just wrong . think about it . human being have only get better and better at kill over the last fifty thousand year . this be what we be evolve toward ... she 's close enough , now . she raise the wrench , high and bring it down -- zwipp . a ' pod lash around the wrench and jerk it from she hand . another ' pod knock she back against the wall . otto ( cont 'd ) ( plural voice ) get away from otto , bitch ! ock turn on she , and the ' pod lash out and hover , just above she , ready to cut she to ribbon . 103 . mj otto ... please . she climb unsteadily to she foot . look he in the eye . mj ( cont 'd ) otto ... hey ? look at I . please ? just look at I . she cross to he . the arm strike , and come within inch of she face . she flinch but do not give way . then take another step toward he . reaches up . lift the glass . peer into he wild , die eye . mj ( cont 'd ) I know that you be in there . I can feel you ? can you feel I ? the arm whirr and twitch , impatient as hound at the end of they leash . otto yes , mj . I can feel you . mj otto , you be not a killer . you work be not about kill . you work be about make we better human , right ? better at be human . otto better at survive in this poisonous world . mj why ? why survive ? just for the sake of survive ? otto point at Peter with a meat hand . otto you love he . mj yes . I do . otto 's at the limit of he control . all he system break down . the whirr of the arm ratchet up to a whine . otto I think there be a place for I in you heart . the first place I ever feel like I belong . 104 . distant sound of siren from outside . mj there be , otto ! there be a place . for you . for I . there be . otto you might be right . there might be . slowly , the ' pod snake up toward the rafter of old building . lash around they . pull tight . otto ( cont 'd ) let 's find out . with a crash , he pull the ceiling in . the wall begin to collapse in on themselves . a pillar tip over onto otto , then smashes through the floor , drag otto with it . into the water below . with a whoosh otto be thrust down deep into the water . ext . underwater - continuous otto plunge , ' pod billow up behind he . a streamer . int . doc ock hq - continuous Peter revive . look around . stuff fall everywhere . he kick and thrashes he way out of the surgical unit . spider sense tingles . he see , in slow motion : the central roof beam give way , with a mighty groan . mj , leg pin under a fall slab of concrete . the inevitable trajectory that link they . peter mj ! he leap across and land under the beam just at it hit , muscle take on a massive burden of wood and inertia . he sag -- sag -- sag --stop . he squat under it like atlas underneath the heaven . his face be five inch from mj 's . peter ( cont 'd ) hi. Peter give away a little more . face four inch apart . 105 . mj hi . the weight seem to increase exponentially . Three inch . peter this be really heavy . Peter sag again . now they face be less than a inch apart . mj I be try . I be stick . I think my leg be break . peter least of we worry . creaking . moaning . ext . doc ock hq - day Dawn . the grand old building carefully go about the business of sink into the river . ext . underwater - continuous otto thrashes in the rig as the ' pod struggle toward the surface . for a moment he look like he namesake . int . doc ock hq - day Peter be drench in sweat . he 's shaking . mj be try to free herself . mj if I could just -- feel - - my foot . peter mj . in case we die -- but he run out of breath before he can finish the sentence . mj you do love I . peter I do . she have better hurry . he be about to break . they face be nearly close enough for a kiss . 106 . mj even though you say you do not . now Peter can only nod . no breath to spare . mj 's face brighten -- she 's freed she foot . she crawl out from under the slab , then under Peter 's arm as he drop the beam . as it slam through the floor , he snatch she up , then fire a web through a place where the wall have collapse . he yank they up and out just as : ext . doc ock hq - night the entire structure upend and then slide with a certain urgency into the East River . ext . underwater - continuous otto turn he face away -- and ten thousand ton of ancient lumber come tumble down on top of he . int . norman' osborn penthouse - day Harry osborn lie in the middle of the floor of a great , empty ballroom floor . a small dark island in a sea of parquet . he wake up like sal mineo in rebel without a Cause , alone , lose , abandon . stands up . look around . echoes and ghost . he wander the empty room and hall . draped furniture . carpet roll . climb the stair . stop at the door to he father 's office . hesitates . go in . there 's nothing there except -- something in the corner . a small piece of color paper . he go over and pick it up . it 's a little , store - buy Halloween card . more ghost . have a boo - tiful halloween . open it up . '' to dad , Love Harry . " he let it drop . norman osborn ( 0.s. ) all right , Harry . it 's you turn now . Harry look around sharply . no one there . 107 . norman osborn ( cont 'd ) ( 0.s. ) I want to see what kind of stuff you be make of . harry no. no , dad . he 's my friend . he look into the mirror over the mantlepiece . norman be there . norman osborne be he . you friend . I guess that 's why he steal you girlfriend . I guess that 's why he kill I . harry dad , I do not know . I be not sure . there 's a lot I do not understand . norman osborne " I do not know . " " I be not sure . " Harry , you swore a oath ! you put you word , you money , you name on the line ! you swore to make spider - man pay . now , make he pay ! Harry 's lean he forehead against the mirror . it reflect only he . harry I swear . I swear ! as he say this he pound the mirror with he fist . it shatter and fall . droplet of glass rain down . and there on the other side of the universe be a neat little room . a laboratory of some kind . a command center . a haunt . Harry step into that other world . hanging from a hook be a grin green mask . he reach toward it . int . mj apartment - day mj lie on the couch . her leg in a really big cast . reading the Daily bugle . the headline wackos : one down , one to go she reach for a squeeze bottle that be just out of reach . mj Peter ! Peter ? I can not reach the -- 108 . he 's there . in he coat . backpack on he back . leave . mj ( cont 'd ) Water . she fall back against the sofa . mj ( cont 'd ) you say you would stay . peter you mother 's come . mj you also say ... that you love I . peter I do love you . I have love you all my life , Mary Jane Watson . I just can not have you , that 's all . the danger , the uncertainty . the hatred . I can not ask that of you . you do not know what it 's like . this be my deal . it 's my destiny . he nod toward the bugle . peter ( cont 'd ) what 's he say ? mj he 's say you be evil incarnate . Peter nod . peter I will call you tomorrow . he go out . she pick up the paper . her face crumple . she put the paper down . see he camera sit there . lumber , in pain , she pull herself to she foot . grab she crutch . hobble over to pick up the camera . then as quickly as she can to the window . throw it open . snow blow in . she stick she head out . mj Peter ! you forget you camera ! he 's on the street below . he turn and look up . she lumber out onto she balcony . we can see the divot that Doc ock tore out of the face of the building . mj form a quick resolve . then throw herself over the side . he dart sure . she hit he look building right up 109 . peter mj ! under the balcony and catch she , awkwardly , but mj do you know how amazing it be than I can trust you do that ? ( beat ) you be give a gift , Peter . I want to share that gift with you . and I want you to share it with I . you do not have to do it alone . I will help you . peter mj -- mj what , you think police officer do not get to be in love ? firefighter do not get to be marry ? that 's crazy . peter but , mj . this be just -- this be just so much weirder than be a policeman . mj it be weird . ( beat ) but you have always be weird , Peter parker . peter wait , do you say marry ? he , hard . mj I already know you damn secret identity ! at she . then around . then he carry she over to the and , lightly , with just the tip of he foot , walk it . hop the balcony and duck inside with she . mj ( cont 'd ) ( 0.s. ) do this mean I get to see the spider cave ? 110 . peter ( 0.s. ) there be no spider - cave . mj ( 0.s. ) that suck . int . mj apartment - night he set she back down on the couch . put down he knapsack . then siren . a lot of siren . Peter go to the window and look out . face grim . well , you ask for it . mj go. go ! I will be fine . he start to peel off he shirt . ext . new york STREET — night the sky glow orange ; flash siren . spider - man take off into the night . mj lean out of the balcony as he sail away to be who he be . mj you forget you camera ! spider - man swing around a corner and straight through the heart of a burn building . peter ( v.0 . ) it be a five alarm fire . Gas feed . 300 firefighter . and the junior Senator from New York on the seventh floor . he come swinging out the other side , clutching a distinguished gentleman and a young woman dressed as a maid . peter ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) with he lovely companion . he touch they down gently . ert tech rush over . peter ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) look at that guy . look at he ! you want to know the story of he life ? no choice in the matter . no way out . 111 . spider - man sail back up into the roaring fire , toward a pair of child , snatching they from the flame . do what he be mean to do . peter ( cont 'd ) do not get a single damn picture of any of it . the end