spider -man screenplay by Ted newsom and John brancato base on character create by Stan Lee first draft November 24,1985 for cannon film 6464 sunset boulevard Los Angeles , CA 90028 int . basement - day a single glistening strand of a spider 's web bisect the black frame . as classical music caress our ear , we see the strand criss - crossing other in a perfect orb web . a spider -- black with a intricate pattern -- drop into frame . it gracefully gather and weave the strand together . the web and spider become small , a gray mass against a basement ceiling corner . the further back we go , the grimier the scene become : peel industrial green paint , tangles of pipe and electrical cable , harsh lighting . we hear a low whir , the pitch grow higher -- a cyclotron . the colossal donut - shape accelerator dominate the basement lab . it 's a cylindrical , metallic tube , suspend from the ceiling , with wire and fixture over its length . utilitarian , a patchwork of technology from the 40s to the 80s , with radioactivity warning . int . experimental chamber - day a steel and glass chamber be built around and below a section of the cyclotron . metal shelve of equipment , a large electrical transformer with heavy cable leading to it from the floor . a three - finger mechanical claw - - a '' waldo '' -- thrust into frame . its telescoping arm extend , lift a tiny one - gram cylinder from a rack of standard weight on a shelf . another waldo hold a lead canister , a third remove a seal vial contain a thick , muddy liquid . a fourth arm reach up to adjust a crystal focus cone , which jut out from the cyclotron tube . the arm aim the cone at a digital scale on a table in the center of the room . the four waldo be mount on a panel with a thick , clear pane above it . through the glass , a shadowy figure manipulate the control . a fibrous blue - white beam erupt from the cone , focus on the weight & the title end . int . control room - day the whir be muffled now , the music loud from a stereo in the control room . a video monitor show a waldo placing the gram weight on a scale ; a digital read - out beside the screen jump from 0.000000 to 1.000000 . a computer screen display irregular , colored pattern describe the downward arc of sub - atomic particle . a digital clock : 8:57 am . a half -eaten chili dog lie on the control panel . dr . otto octavius ( '' doc ock '' ) manipulate the waldo control . in he 5as , ock be broad , thickly - feature , brood , with unfashionably long hair . he wear a stain sweatshirt , protective goggle . without interrupt he concentration , he light a fresh cigarette from the butt of the last , and take a bite of the chili dog . int . basement hallway - day alexander thorkel and solomon rosomoff ( roz ) enter from a flight of stair . tall , thin , 40 , thorkel wear horn -rimmed glass and a brooks brother suit . roz , a professor of astrophysics , walk spryly despite he 75 year . the men head to the door at the end of the hall : '' cyclotron , authorized personnel only . '' thorkel I be sorry to bother you , Professor . but the man be impossible . roz he have he reason , thorkel . at the moment , he have something to prove . thorkel he refuse to open the door . roz maybe he do not hear you knock . thorkel snort . roz fish a card - key from he tweed , insert it into the lock . int . control room - day the door buzy OPEN . thorkel you will be late for class , Dr. octavius . roz sigh . ock do not turn around . thorkel snap the music off . thorkel the University pay you to teach . ock twist a dial , the whir increase in pitch , the light grow more intense . thorkel frown . ock notice roz -- a look of understanding between they . roz otto , I do not like thorkel any more than you do . but he have get a point . ock rosomoff , I have better thing to do than teach introductory physics to mindless adolescent . roz perhaps . but every now and then someone pay attention . you do . thorkel look at he watch . ock sigh and snap a switch . int . experimental chamber - day the four waldos pull backward and hang limply . the whir wind down . ext . 7th avenue - day the diesel engine of a bus wind down as it pull up . the door hiss OPEN . sneakered feet bound down the bus step into frame , onto the sidewalk . the young man in the sneaker , peter parker , pass a bank clock that read 9:02 . intelligent , 20 , with dark hair and rimless glass , peter be neither a nerd nor a male model . drably dressed in jeans and a button - down shirt , he carry a book - filled backpack over one shoulder , a styrofoam cup of coffee in the opposite hand . yawning , he hurrie down the avenue . ext . greenwich village STREET - day peter head down a side STREET toward a institutional build . a sign read : '' curtis connor science CENTER , '' and below , '' empire state university . '' soot , not ivy , cover the brick wall . int . science center lecture hall - day looking down over tier of built -in chair to a podium and blackboard flanked by door . somber , traditional academia . the half -filled CLASS settle as peter enter and look up toward the higher rows . a weird kid in the first row -- harry osborn -- wave at Peter . slight and awkward , Harry have nervous mannerism and a garish heavy metal T-shirt . harry hiya Peter ! Peter give he a perfunctory wave . he climb up toward the back row , where liz allen sit with foot on the empty chair in front of she , seemingly absorb in a dog-eare Jane Austin novel . her style reflect a quirky sense of humor : floppy hot-pink sweater over a brilliant purple dress ; brightly - stripe knee sock with clash ballet slipper ; colorful jewelry . Liz be the single bright spot in this otherwise drab environment . without look up from she book , she fold she leg up for Peter to pass . he sit discretely one seat away from she , lay he backpack beside she . Peter eye Liz over he coffee , clearly pleased to see she . peter good morning , Liz . liz how very dull , Peter parker . peter it 's too early to be clever . she unzip he backpack and toy with he Nikon . liz it 's never too early to be clever . describe in a sentence how you feel about I . peter huh ? liz fill in the blank : '' I blank Elizabeth allan . '' peter I -- uh -- liz uh be a good start . peter I lov-loathe Elizabeth allan . abhor , detest , despise -- liz oh. well , I hate you and everyone who look like you . down below , Doc ock rumble in , cigarette dangle from he lip , and slam he note down on the podium . there 's a '' no smoking '' sign behind he . he start he lecture as Liz and Peter continue they rapid parry and thrust . peter I hate the platonic idea of you . liz I hate people with alliterative name . peter I hate -- liz I hate you relative , I hate you coffee , I hate you shoe . ock ( barely audible ; bg ) as you will doubtless recall , there be four know force in the universe -- peter not my coffee . she put he camera down and grab he cup , take a sip . liz no . I be lie about the coffee . peter thank God . Liz look deep into he eye . it 's the first time she 's look at he . ock ( cont. , os ) the strong force , which bind matter together ; the weak force , which cause decay ; electromagnetism ; and gravity -- liz ( melodramatic ) I be lie about it all , Peter . I love you . ever since the third grade , I have love you , I have want you . I dream of you , night and day , my very be onerbrim with a burn passion for you . Peter wish this be true . suddenly flash thompson dip into frame and cover Liz 's mouth in a wet kiss . Peter look away , gross out . ock ( cont . ) -- gravity , newtonian theory use a simple equation with a constant -- flash dump the pack on Peter 's lap , then climb into the chair beside Liz and throw he arm around she . she try to catch Peter 's eye , as if to apologize -- but he avoid she look . ock -- which we all know by heart -- do not we , Mr. Thompson ! flash grab Peter 's note without miss a beat , hold they out of view and read . flash natch , Doc . that 's … 6.670 time 10 to the negative eleventh . ock ( eyeing he ) in what quantity ? flash try to decipher the hide note . harry meter cube over kilogram - second square ! flash curl he lip . Peter retrieve he note , cluck he tongue at flash . peter crime do not pay , flash . int . reading room - day early afternoon . the long table of the oak - paneled library be crowded with studying student . a print of a fox hunting scene hang above a mantelpiece . a fat male librarian sit at a desk . we dolly in to pick out peter parker , slouching in a chair with a notebook in he lap . he sniff something , look around , and sees : harry in the stack , drag a small cloth bag over the floor and bookshelve . Peter roll he eye . Harry cross to the table at the far end from Peter , he slide the squirming bag down the table like a whiskey glass in a saloon . Peter grab the bag in mid-slide , shake he head '' no , '' silently but firmly . Harry grin crazily and nod , oh , yes ! '' sense mischief , the librarian glance up . Peter head into the stack with the bag , pursue by Harry . they whisper : peter you maniac . you will blow you scholarship . harry they will never take I alive . Peter duck as the librarian pass . Harry snatch the bag back , artistically swipe the man 's rump with it . the librarian do not notice . peter what 's in there ? harry a little bunny I save from dissection . peter Harry ! roz walk past , look at Peter , who wave nervously . roz Mr. parker . peter hi , Professor . what 's up ? Harry scramble atop stack '' h - k '' by a window . a tape deck sit at the ready . roz you tell I . roz see Harry signal out the window -- ext . library - day a van marked '' rutland 's compleat hunter '' parked by the step . two men in red hunting jacket return harry 's signal and OPEN the van door . int . reading room - day harry click on the tape player -- a hunting trumpet , rousing everyone in the library . a dozen bay basset hound rush in , follow the scent over table , under chair , upsetting everything in they wake . pandemonium : student laugh , applaud , some join in the chase . dog pursue the librarian , who fall , overturn a bookcase . Peter smile in spite of himself . roz clap . from atop he bookcase , Harry watch it all proudly . the scent bag 's still in he hand . the dog pick up on it , leaping and yelping at he . ext . WASHINGTON park - day late afternoon . peter and liz cross the park toward a pretzel vendor . peter -- but the dog treed he between huxley and kafka . liz poor Harry . always desperate for attention . what about the bunny ? peter back to the lab . Harry will probably lose he scholarship . Peter pay for two pretzel -- two dollar and no change . he wince a little . she take a bite of pretzel . liz he will weasel out of trouble . again . peter maybe . I could have stop it , though . liz since you be feel guilty , why not donate you pretzel to somebody who need it ? she gesture over she shoulder toward a derelict . a tacky , blatantly sexual woman in she early 20 -- kim -- wiggle past the bum in question . peter my my . liz yeah . really get to you if you let it . Liz look past Peter into the distance . peter I suppose . liz you want to give they something , but they will just buy more Ripple . and they smell so…bad . peter what ? Peter look at Liz , puzzle and amused . she wave toward the Washington Square arch , where flash get out of he double - park mg . his eye follow Kim 's rear , he pants lasciviously . liz God , flash can be such a jerk . peter but you like that in a man ? liz you should write that one down . peter '' flash , '' Liz . you be go out with something that call itself '' flash . '' liz some prep school thing . peter do it have a human name ? liz Eugene . admit it , Peter - - you have do anything for a nickname like '' flash . '' peter I have never admit that . liz hurry up , flash ! she stop . she look at flash , then back at Peter . liz what be you do this weekend ? peter I have gotta study . liz oh. maybe I should , too -- flash lizzy ! liz I be sort of hope to get out of -- flash I be park illegally ! Liz purse she lip , then hurry to flash , get into he car . as the mg speed away , she turn in the passenger seat , watch Peter recede into the distance . ext . bugle office - day a 1940s office build , the kind with pitted linoleum and smelly elevator . a fade plastic sign in a FOURTH floor window read '' the bugle , new york favorite tabloid . '' jameson ( vo ) no. no. forget it . int . jameson 's office - day a hand sort through 8x10 b&w photo : a bag lady with a shopping cart -- jameson too artsy . Peter look over jameson 's shoulder , collect the reject in mount frustration . next be a wacky sign , such as '' happie funeral home -- '' jameson too dumb . Peter make a gesture as if to throttle jameson . the next photo show a mohawk punk in a business suit with a briefcase -- jameson too hip . you photo suck , kid . peter I think you be try to tell I something . j.jonah jameson be 50 , grey , sour-face , cigar-chew . unlike the gruff-but-benign stereotype , publisher jameson be a bastard to the last . frame photo of celebrity , biological freak and alien line the wall . paper and rotting coffee cup clutter he ratty desk ; sluggish activity out in the main office . the feel be cynical exhaustion : the bugle be the dregs of the newspaper world betty , jameson 's 30 - ish assistant , enter with a layout on board . she look Peter over . Peter do not notice , hold up the bag lady photo . peter think of the cutline : '' bag lady make million recycle can ! '' Betty grin ; jameson consider it , then shake he head . he sign the board '' jjj . '' jameson bring I some stuff that will grab the moron , something like , like -- jameson hold up the front - page board , feature a bus teeter on abridge , with a huge headline , ' bus plunge kill 20 . '' he grin proudly . peter come on , that 's pure luck ! the guy be in the right place at the right time -- jameson you make you own luck , parker ! get into the middle of thing , spend every day pound the pavement of the city 's mean street -- betty but you be a full - time student , right ? peter my scholarship only cover book and tuition , so I have get to freelance to -- jameson save the chit-chat for the singles 's bar . now out , both of you . Betty stick she tongue out at jameson and open the door for Peter . ext . peter 's apartment build - evening a seedy east village walk -up . peter collect he mail , unlocks the outside door . int . peter 's hallway - evening panting , peter climb the last flight to he studio loft , muttering at he bill . at the head of the stair , he stop . he door be ajar . he take a deep breath , clutching the keys between he finger as a weapon . peter there 's nothing in there worth steal ! may ( from within ) that 's the understatement of the year . int . peter 's apartment - evening a one -room , eave apartment , a chaos of book and paper . a photo enlarger and darkroom bath in kitchen pot ; 8x10s tacked to the wall ; a spare camera and lense . self-consciously wacky kitsch : plastic dinosaurs , wind - up toy , a stuffed carp . a unmade bed and a 50s dinette set be the only furniture . a grimy skylight lead to the roof . it 's not a pretty place , but it have personality . a slim , sharp - feature woman in she 5as kneel by the stereo -- aunt may . in stylish slack and jacket , she radiate vigor and poise . Peter enter , toss he backpack and bill on the formica table . peter aunt May , you be trespasp . may you record be older than you be . have you never hear of new wave ? Peter sprawl in a plastic chair . May shrug and settles for a Beatles album . move fast , she cross toward he , lean to kiss he forehead and stop , stare , point at a pimple near he hairline . peter when I move out , you swore up and down you would not meddle - - may oh , Peter . a zit . annoy , he brushes he hair over the offend spot . May cross lithely to the kitchenette , where a grocery bag sit on the counter . may I be not meddle . I be just so desperately bored I think I have come over and make you dinner -- she toss he a fresh apple from the bag , he bite a chunk out of it . peter I be old enough to -- may -- but I do not feel like get to know you roach . peter I will introduce you . may ick . and that foul chemical in the pot -- peter I be a photographer , remember ? may anyway , I have decide to kidnap you for dinner in Forest Hills -- she grab she coat , cross to Peter and tug on he shoulder . peter it 's Friday night … may yes . do you have a date ? peter no . she pull he chair toward the door , he get up , laugh . peter the record -- may ( already in the hallway ) it will shut itself off . int . experimental chamber - night a waldo withdraws from the gram weight . the cyclotron whirs , light beam down on the tiny metal cylinder from a crystal focus cone . int . control room - night ock chain - smoke , half -watching the colored particle pattern , scribbling note . quick readout : '' 80 % ENERGY capacity , '' '' standard particle acceleration , '' etc . the Mass remains stable at 1.0000000 . the clock read 6:34 . ext . science CENTER - night thorkel and worker with a tool belt enter the red - brick build . int . control room - night on the computer screen , a single streak glow red and arc upward with a musical tone . a readout : '' please avoid system overload . thank you . '' ock twist a rheostat to crank up the power . more red streak and tone . the readout : '' negative gravitation achieved . '' elation fill octavius . he stand up and take a deep breath . the digital mass counter fluctuate between 1.0000000 to 0.9999999 . int . basement hallway - night thorkel and the worker walk down the hall . animal noise from behind a door . int . control room - night ock stand , arm crossed . the read - out be normal again : no tone , no Mass fluctuation . thorkel enter , shielding he eye . octavius turn , lift he goggle . ock ha. anti-gravitational particle . thorkel power down . I need to talk to you . ock proof . proof of a unify field . not just theory and equation -- experimental proof . thorkel let 's talk in the hall . int . basement hallway - night the worker crouch , unscrewing a panel near the door . ignoring this , octavius cross to thorkel , a few yard from the door . ock in this obsolete little cyclotron , I be solving the great physics problem of the 20th century . with more power , I could -- thorkel I have have a extremely bad day , octavius . a sophomoric prank in the library and punitive measure . behind they , the worker continue . thorkel glance at he , keep stalling . thorkel ( cont . ) then the alumnus report come in -- fund - raise be down this year . ock I could not care less . what I have do be -- the worker look at thorkel and nod , walk off . thorkel follow . thorkel what you have do be make the entire physics department look foolish . you compare yourself to Einstein ; you colleague compare you to bozo the clown . ock this be the unify field ! all the force of the universe tie together -- perfectly ! thorkel pause at the foot of the staircase , he voice echoe down the hall . thorkel you have use up you grant . the electric bill alone exceed you annual salary . not to mention the potential hazard of you radioactive fuel . ock I do not care . ( under he breath ) cretin . ock cross back to the cyclotron door , pull out he card key . thorkel you be deny access to the cyclotron . the lock spit out ock 's card , a red light flash once . he stare at it in disbelief . ock you change the lock . thorkel head up the stair . anger well up in ock . thorkel that Nobel Prize will just have to wait . ock no ! he bang he fist on the door , cause the unseen lab animal to scream . int . may 's live room - night the SOUND of fan scream on a tv baseball game . a refrigerator slam o.s. Peter sit on the couch , foot propped on a coffee table . the lower-middle - class home reflect May 's personality : she own odd landscape on the wall , crude sculpture , macramé hanging . there be too much furniture : a agglomeration of once - trendy piece dating from the 40s to the present . BEN enter from the kitchen , a can of beer in each hand . Ben be 60 , happily overweight , a gentle , good - nature work stiff with a mild Brooklyn accent . he wear trousers , sport shirt and slipper . BEN here you go , Pete . peter uh , uncle Ben , I -- BEN ( solicitous ) what , want a glass ? peter no . no , that 's okay . Ben sit back in he comfy chair in the corner , with a magazine rack , a row of pipe , and a print of dog play poker . he pop open he beer . BEN so , uh … how 's college goin 's ? peter same old stuff . ( beat ) how 's the pharmacy ? BEN ah , ya know . Neighborhood 's not what it use to be . kid no more 'o five swipe a candy bar the other day . peter you stop he ? BEN be not worth gettin’ upset over a milky Way . anyway , I be never much for , ya know , discipline . peter I know . still think about retire ? BEN eh. if I ever get out from under . maybe take May to France or somethin’ . a awkward pause ; they both know it will never happen . they look at the tv . BEN ya still follow the Met , Pete ? peter no … not really . BEN s’funny . when you mom and dad , uh , pass away , I have this idea . I want you to be the best baseball player in the world . peter remember Little League ? BEN yeah , Babe Ruth you be not . they laugh . another awkward pause . Peter pop open he beer , sip it distastefully . BEN ya set for , uh , ya know -- money ? peter oh , sure . BEN Cause if you get in a bind -- peter no , no . BEN yeah , ya like to do thing on you own ( beat ) I be thinkin’ lately . maybe I be not the , ya know , great dad -- peter oh , come on , Ben , that 's not -- BEN -- no , I mean … we … you aunt May not wantin’ kid and all … I mean we both … the front door open . May enter with a pizza box , look at Ben 's expression . may you be not get maudlin again . she cross to the kitchen . Peter look relieved . BEN when you win that scholarship , I be proud of you . peter I know . BEN I be always here , Pete . May re-enter , play a imaginary violin . she flip off the tv , cross back to the kitchen . Peter and Ben follow , Ben pat Peter 's shoulder . int . may 's kitchen - night copper pot , string of garlic . on the table sit a plastic photo cube , full of shot of peter : baby , cute kid , geeky high schooler with glass and brace . may get paper plate ; peter stare into the pizza BOX ; BEN open the fridge for another Beer . peter what the hell be that ? may tofu . Ben , I wish you would not . Peter watch Ben as they all sit down to eat . Ben open the can . BEN I like beer . help take the edge off around here . Peter change the subject , point to he geeky high school photo . peter oh , not that . you promise you have burn it . may you be adorable . ( to Ben ) the least you could do be use a glass . Ben sigh and reach for a piece of pizza . may absolutely no class . peter funny thing happen after my physics class today . Harry osborn -- may ( to Ben ) use a fork . Ben put down the pizza , look at May . BEN okay , I be a slob . ya sorry you marry so far beneath you ? may what do you think ? silence . May look at Peter . peter a match make in heaven . may ( soften ) see ? you big dullard . Ben smile ; May smile back . Peter be not smile . he 's refereed too often . ext . FDR drive - night ock 's aged dodge dart speed toward downtown manhattan . int . ock 's car - night in a alley near e.s.u . a parked car , litter with garbage , school paper , crushed cigarette pack . on the cracked vinyl seat lie the remains of several chopped - up credit card , all reading '' otto octavius . '' ock 's hand run a magnet over the scotch - tape composite stripe on a esu card - key . ext . science CENTER - night two physics grad student -- gawky steve and asian lucy -- leave the build , laughing . roz , smiling , lock the door on the way out . steve -- from that paper you have think he have a iq well below plant life -- lucy the theory be not all that stupid . just sort of inelegant , and ugly , and -- ock climb up the step -- the laughter stop immediately . steve hey , Doc ock ! speak of the devil ! roz ( over he ) otto , otto ! do join we . chianti and pasta at Anna 's . remember that night after you oral when I - - ock no . no thank you . I have work . roz I hear about thorkel 's order -- ock I leave a paper in my desk . steve you be not plan to publish it , I hope ? with a look , roz silence the grad 's laughter . ock pay they no mind anyway , go up the step and enter the building . roz lead the student away , glance back at ock with concern . int . basement hallway - night ock cross to the cyclotron door , insert the jerry -rigged card - key . the lock reject it . he scratch at the stripe with a house key , reinsert it - - rejected . ock look around furtively , push and hold it in . this time , a GREEN light goe on and the door unlatches . int . experimental chamber-night the cyclotron whine , the beam erupt from the focuser onto the weight . crawl on the crystal cone we see the spider from we open image . int . control room red pattern on the computer screen , with accompanying tone . the digital readout dip below 1.0 , flashing slowly -descending number . a strange , distinctive throb grow louder . readout : ' approaching negative Mass . '' ock watch the chamber intently , thrilled . '' overload -- shut down now , please . '' instead , ock increase power . int . experimental chamber the spider drop on a web strand toward the weight , which pulsate weirdly . int . control room the Mass indicator near zero . a voltmeter swing into overload , a warning alarm sound , readout : ' overload -- damage may result , '' then : ' system error -- system error -- system error . '' the warning fill the screen . on the monitor , the gram weight pulse , the throb get louder . the spider drop inch from it . ock , annoyed , seize the waldo control to swipe at the descend spider . int . experimental chamber a waldo swipe at the spider . sensing this , the spider drop , alighting on the glowing gram weight . int . control room the Mass readout jump from 0.00000133 up to 1.77349012 . on the monitor , the weight spin off the scale . in rapid succession : all the dial and readout go mad , the computer screen implode . ock 's eye open wide , he face register ecstasy . the control room glass turn to fluid , suck into the chamber . a yard - wide hole rip open in the cyclotron tube . ock be thrust against the control , he shirt rip away . the waldo flail madly , steel wall buckle like rubber . wire snap , shoot spark , cyclotron pipe squirm and bend like snake . the pulsing light slashes through everything int . basement hallway the light penetrate the wall from the cyclotron room Doors bang open and close , cart of chemical spin . Lab animal scream . wall and object warp together , surrealistic . int . experimental chamber as suddenly as the effect began , they cease . dead silence . the spider , glow slightly , scuttle across the floor . int . control room tight on ock , lying on the floor in the eerie , dim light . he open he eye . the room around he look melt : dial , monitor and switch distort as in a fun-house mirror ; a chair fuse into a wall , the door twisted , ripple . ock look down , fascinate . the extend metallic waldo tentacles curl on the floor . we follow the length of one of they to its new source . it join with ock 's torso . all four waldo penetrate the flesh of ock 's bare chest and belly . octavius shriek . int . basement hallway warped and weird . ock 's scream echoes and die . ext . science CENTER - day undamaged on the outside , surrounded by nypd patrol car , FIRE truck , sedan marked '' nuclear regulatory commission , '' EPA van and a single ambulance . police search ock 's dart as a tow truck prepare to take it . construction worker erect plywood barrier around the build , over window . Police line holdback a crowd of reporter , student and gawker . J. jonah James himself push to the front of the throng . two guard hustle out to a news photographer . jameson collar the man . jameson get anything good ? the photographer shake he head . jameson fling he cigar to the sidewalk . ashen , thorkel exit the Science Center , address the crowd . thorkel please , all of you go home ! there 's nothing to report here ! jameson that 's a load a crap ! a barrage of ad lib question : '' we hear there be a explosion ! '' '' be it terrorism ? '' '' a nuclear accident ? '' '' a meltdown , be it a meltdown ? '' thorkel no , no , no , please -- jameson I bet it be genetic engineering ! you guy makin’ mutant in there ? Peter , curious , make he way toward jameson . thorkel there be a boiler explosion . only minor damage -- reporter why the ambulance ? who be hurt ? thorkel just -- just a custodian - - we have not as yet reach the family -- jameson be he kill ? thorkel no . no , please . nothing more I can say at this time . thorkel re-enter the building . Police hold reporter back , ad lib question . peter you take extension class , Mr. jameson ? jameson parker - - you go here , right ? get you camera ? peter yeah -- jameson get inside and get picture . fifty buck . peter can we make it a hundred ? jameson seventy . but I want blood and gore . you know , sexy stuff . Peter nod , pull he Nikon from he pack and hand the pack to jameson . ext . science CENTER alley - day peter tear he pant on the top of a cyclone fence , fall in a graceless heap . cursing , he check the camera for damage , get to he feet with pain . a unmarked white van block the far end of the alley . afire door open to the science center . Peter duck behind a dumpster . two man in radiation suit carry out a small stretcher , atop it a vision from a nightmare : a whimper dog fuse with a wire cage . while the man load it into the van , Peter limp through the fire door and inside . int . basement hallway - day architectural angle skewed , wall and door '' melted '' and re- solidified as a result of the experiment . voice of various official filter down the hall . peter stays out of sight , snapping picture . nypd captain -- could be call burglary , but the Department relinquish jurisdiction -- NRC man -- practical application for defense -- FIRE chief -- Jesus , that animal -- roz accompany two paramedics wheeling a sheet - cover body on a gurney up the hall . Peter see that it 's ock , snap a photo , then duck into the man 's room . int . men 's room - day like a dali : urinal compressed and stretched , porcelain sink twisted , stall fuse with the slope floor and gnarle plumbing . peter enter , sweeping away the strand of a spider 's web . through the door , he hear the gurney roll by . paramedic # 1 -- never see nothin’ so weird . paramedic # 2 oh , I have . in 's 69 . we be up in Boston , trippin 's we brain out -- roz please . they voice recede . a squeak at Peter 's foot startles he -- he look down to see -- a white lab rat , meld to its exercise wheel , struggle pathetically across the tile floor . Peter react , focus he camera on it . above Peter 's head , the still - glow spider drop from its twisted web on a strand . it land unnotice on he hand -- and bite . Peter slap he hand , but the spider drop onto the floor , cease to glow . its limb contract in death . Peter drop he camera as a wave of nausea hit he . he brace against a sink , see he image in a twisted mirror -- drench in sweat , he face flushed red . a guard push the door open behind he . guard hey ! what the hell you doin 's in here ? peter I be think about throw up -- the guard grab the daze Peter and hustle he out . ext . science CENTER - day the guard push peter out the door . sound of the crowd and CITY be a muddle roar to peter . and he’s not limping anymore . peter my ankle do not hurt -- guard good for you . stay outta here . the guard shove he past the police line , where jameson approach he . jameson okay , kid , what you get ? Peter , dizzy , try to rewind he film . in bg , medic load ock into the ambulance . peter can not focus … jameson gimme that . pick it up later . he snatch the camera , stuff it in Peter 's backpack , head off . Peter lift he glass to rub he eye . peter 's Pov : the world come into sharp , precise focus . Peter shake himself , look through the glass again , then put they in he pocket . he head unsteadily down the street , away from the dwindling crowd . ext . greenwich village STREET - day still woozy , peter start across the STREET . the ambulance barrel toward he -- the siren suddenly wail above the urban din -- Peter turn to see the bumper only foot away -- instinctively he jump up , out of frame -- the ambulance speed on its way . ext . brick build - day close , on peter 's face , pressed against the brick , eye close , breathing hard . he open he eye , regaining he sense . puzzlement … then fear . he look down . the sidewalk be fifteen foot below he . he 's cling flat against the wall , palm at he side against the brick . Peter whimper . a tremor in he hand , he reach to pull himself upward . he try for a toehold . Brick crumble beneath he foot , he swing wildly , but he fingertip hold he against the building 's face . he look at he finger , he hand -- the spider bite glow faintly under he skin . tentatively at first , he inch upward . with grow confidence , he crawl up the wall to the roof of the ten-story structure . ext . rooftop - day unlike the claustrophobic street below , sky and space abound . at the ledge , peter clutch a iron vent pipe to pull himself up . it crunch in he grip . he clamber to the flat roof and regard the pipe , the dizzying height . he look around he , wondering if he’s lost he mind . he sit down near the ledge . peter this be very strange . he rub the back of he hand -- the glow of the spider- bite vanish . get slowly to he foot , he stretch , flexe he muscle . his body feel somehow different . he shrug , then jump straight up -- about fifteen foot , as if from a trampoline . he land agilely . confusion turn to elation . he leap to the roof access door , cling to it and crawl to the top of the small shack . New York stretch in every direction . the sun peek out from behind the cloud . Peter laugh in pure exhilaration . he leap from the access door , and run at full speed across the roof , enjoy he body . at the ledge , he leap into space -- ext . new york rooftop - day --and land atop the slope roof of the next build . peter keep jumping with the same heady freedom . another leap , this time pirouetting in mid-air over a 50 - story drop . the next jump , he land upside - down on the side of a building , cling and kick he foot in the air . more laughter . a pre-teen pigeon keeper turn from he coo bird . Peter dash by he and leap from the building . stun , the kid walk out of the coop , leave the door open . the bird fly out in a flurry . Peter slide down a high telephone cable across a alley between building . ext . construction site - day atop a unfinished build sit stack of iron girder and 2x4s . peter test he strength , imitating bruce lee , attacking the board and splintering they easily . he leap and grab the hook of a construction crane , swing on it like tarzan . ext . manhattan STREET - day a mother wheel a two - year -old girl in a OPEN pram past the construction site . the kid suck a bottle , look up . the little girl 's eye follow -- Peter swinging on the hook . he drop and scamper down the building 's skeleton . the little girl take out she bottle and giggle . ext . phone booth - day peter drop a quarter into the slot of the outdoor phone BAY . he finger find '' poison control '' on a stick - on list of emergency phone number . nurse voice ( filter ) poison emergency . peter hi. I have get sort of a hypothetical question . do you suppose the bite of a radioactive spider would transmit that spider 's proportional strength and agility ? nurse voice ( a long beat ) be this some sort of Zen thing ? peter I mean , I suddenly have immense physical power , and the ability to crawl up wall -- nurse voice do ya ? lemme give you the number for Bellevue . that 's 561 - 5151 -- peter yeah , a psychiatric hospital . listen , I be serious -- nurse I be sure . they handle problem like yours all the time . peter have a nice day . he hang up and crawl up the wall . int . operating room - day dr . crawford and assistant , gowned and masked , look below frame at the patient -- ock . they attempt to remain clinical , but we see there horror . dr . crawford again , hydraulics and electronics meld with dorsal tissue , ganglia , organ -- ( sigh ) Jesus God … this be nut . nurse can not that thing be remove somehow ? dr . crawford not without kill he . into a tray , forcep drop a short length of cable intertwined with nerve ganglia . dr . crawford six hour to get that much . doctor # 2 what be he muck around with ? int . experimental chamber - day work light illuminate the warped room : cascade of melted glass , a hole in the cyclotron tube , a tangle of wire and metal at the transformer . a NRC man with lead glove and boot explore the room . roz watch from the control room , go over ocka' note . roz octavius 's note be pretty impenetrable . NRC man whatever he be up to , it be new . look . he push a glove finger into the metallic wall -- it 's soft and rubbery . thorkel enter the control room , pace and fiddle around . they ignore he . NRC man this be steel … thorkel unbelievable . how do I explain this to the trustee ? roz temperature ? NRC man cool . thorkel damn he . look at this , expensive property , ruin -- he throw a switch -- nothing happen . roz thorkel , stop that . Radiation level ? NRC man normal . thorkel do you know how much this will cost to repair ?! he angrily throw another switch -- the damage cyclotron squeal and throbs once , roz push the stunne thorkel away and shut the cyclotron off . the NRC man duck as a pulse of energy shoot from the focus cone to the transformer and rush visibly along the cable . ext . railroad track - day EL between station , electrical hum of overhead wire . the rumble of a approaching long island train . the pulse ripples through the powerline . int . commuter train - day a light saturday crowd , including the grad student steve , absorbed in a epic magazine . as usual , the stiff suburbanite ignore one another . ext . railroad track - day overhead line pulse and throb as in the experiment . a mirage - like shimmer hang in the AIR . the commuter car whizze forward into the shimmer and disappear . int . commuter train through the dirty window , the weird pulse and throb . the passengers ignore it . a few work there way to the door for the next stop . a whoosh and a thud as the train stop abruptly , the pulse dissolve into daylight . the door hiss open : the passenger look out timidly . they see a snowy plain . a fur-clad mongolian peasant with a yak stare back at they . ext . mongolian wasteland - day reveal the EL train laying incongruously amidst the desolate landscape . ext . time square - day the marquee , traffic and light . the rolling news sign read : '' long island train disappear . '' perched atop the sign high above it all , peter scan the scene , arm fold . looking down , he sees a cheesy theater sign : ' battle a monster ! $ 1000 for 1 minute with hulk hogan . '' contestant line up outside . ext . theater entrance - day beneath the marquee , a dozen large men stand in line . crowd noise from within . peter take a place behind a rambo type in bandanna and fatigue and a goon wearing a narrow burglar mask , stripe shirt and cap . rambo what for da mask ? goon do not wanna look stupid . peter yeah . you might lose you scholarship . goon Zat a joke ? Peter slowly shake he head . he glance across the street and spy '' lieber 's novelties : toy , joke , costume . '' int . wrestling arena - day thump . rambo fly down on the mat , hogan pin he . the crowd cheer . near the ring , a new - wave amazon official cock she head at Peter , who wear a rubber fly mask with huge compound eye and antennae . amazon ya look kinda scrawny for this . Peter flexe he muscle , none too impressively . she hand he a release form . amazon say you will not sue we if ya get kill . Peter sign the release . she read it and shrug . amazon okay , Mr. thorkel . I trust ya . ya get a honest face . Peter bow . rambo crawl out of the ring . Peter bound over the rope onto the mat . hogan look at the fly-mask contestant , then lead the crowd in derision . the large , digital one- minute clock buzy . Peter gesture '' come hither '' with both hand . hogan grin evilly and roar , lung across the mat , dwarf the skinny kid . Peter dodge the blond giant , leaping and spin aside acrobatically . the crowd boos , demand action . at ringside near the amazon , max reiss watch with interest . reiss be a world - weary , bald agent , none too successful , judge from he unpress suit . hogan laugh and go for Peter again . this time , he toss the wrestler -- hard . he lift hogan up over he head and slam he to the mat . carry the flail giant under he arm , Peter scale a ring post . the clock tick off the last few second . he dangle hogan by he boot toe , like a prize trout . peter now tell I you love I . hogan lemme down , bugface ! peter that 's not even close . Peter drop hogan face - first on the mat as the buzzer sound . the unruly crowd boos and hiss . ad lib scream : '' rip-off ! '' '' bullshit ! '' '' it be fix '' hogan roll over on the mat in pain , he nose bleed . Peter leap down , genuinely concerned . he put he hand on hogan 's shoulder . peter be you okay ? hogan ( cower ) get away from I , freak ! ext . alley - day still masked , peter exit the back door , counting ten hundre dollar bill . the door open again and reiss rush out , fumbling for a business card . reiss kid , you be terrific . Max reiss , novelty act . be that judo or something ? ah , skip it . question be , can you do it again ? peter oh -- I do not know -- thanks , Mr. reiss , but -- Peter read the business card while reiss size he up . reiss I dunno about the mask . might want to get something sexier . people do not like bug . the door slam open , hogan stride out , bruise and furious . he walk over to Peter . reiss back off . hogan lumber over to Peter . two ominous beat . hogan how be you do , kid ? peter oh , look , Mr. hogan , I be really sorry about what happen in there . really -- hogan you can be great , kid , just stick with it . but let I give you one little piece of advice … be a good guy . peter right . hogan give Peter a big smile and head back into the building . Peter head off , and reiss call after he : reiss my number 's on the card ! call I ! int . leiber 's novelty shop - day toy , game , costume everywhere . leiber , a sharp - eyed man with a suspicious twinkle , watch peter -- still in the bug mask -- finish a sketch : a body suit with a web design and a spider on the chest . leiber no refund on the mask , y’know . Health law . peter uh-huh . look , this should be skintight . Bright color . Red , maybe a deep midnight blue . leiber what 's this ? a cockaroach ? peter a spider . eight leg . leiber look at the fly-head Peter , who have spot a loud , trendy jacket - - like a red leopard skin - - on a nearby sale rack . he hold it up to himself . leiber eh. week from tomorrow . peter how about tomorrow ? leiber you be make my life difficult . peter two suit by tomorrow for $ 400 ? leiber a even five I throw in the jacket . peter deal . but do not tell anyone . I want to keep a low profile . leiber nod seriously . the bug-head Peter exit , jacket in a bag under he arm . leiber meshuggena . int . ock 's hospital room - dusk dr . crawford and a brain man stand at ocka' bedside . a snide orderly lets the sheet down on ock 's body . a sponge and pan on a tray ; wire , ivs , eeg monitor . brain man still comatose . Alpha , beta , gamma brain wave low , but look -- he point to a oscilloscope , trace a lively wave . brain man ( cont . ) normally there 's no activity at this wavelength . it 's like there 's a party go on in there . dr . crawford a malfunction ? brain man well … not in the equipment . orderly he 's all wash , Doc . want I to polish he chrome , too ? the doctor 's icy stare cut the orderly 's guffaw . they all leave , Crawford flip off the light . ock remain immobile . in the dim evening light , a metal arm rustle beneath the sheet . ext . e.s.u. dorm - night peter , whistling , take step two at a time into the georgian build , which face WASHINGTON square park ( he won ’t wear glass from now on . ) . int . e.s.u. dorm - night peter , looking crushed , talk with liz 's roommate adele , a overweight black girl . she leans against the OPEN door , a cat under her arm . the room beyond feature two beds , two desk , many plant . a big poster of che guevara on one side ; a botticelli and a shelf of well - love doll on the other . adele I be read marx to she doll while she 's away . peter New Hampshire . adele yeah . flash 's family have a ski cabin . come the revolution , there will be no more ski cabin . Peter 's disappointment be gut -wrench . he turn , and Adele scold herself for tell the truth . ext . e.s.u. dorm - night peter slouches down the step . he kick a garbage can . it fly and crash in the STREET . int . peter 's apartment - night a soppy tony bennett song plays as peter fidget on the bed , staring at a OPEN astronomy text . he get up , grab a apple , then dial a memorized number . peter hi , Ben , be -- thanks … hi , aunt May … wait , you will appreciate this -- the most bizarre thing -- just a apple … I know , but let I -- yeah , fascinating … no , let I talk … I can make the rent now … ( firmly ) damn it , aunt May ! listen for once ! ( apologetic ) you know that 's not what I mean … no , you be not a cow … right , I be sorry … I be sorry ! Fine … I will speak to you tomorrow . he hang up in frustration , look at the phone . peter by the way , I get super - power today . he throw the half - eat apple toward the garbage can . it miss . int . ock 's hospital room - day morning light spill through the window . rosomoff sit at ock 's beside ; ock now sit up , wide - eye , abnormally alert , a unlit cigarette in he mouth . the waldos be immobile beneath the sheet . ock Truth . I lift the veil . total inter-penetration of physical force -- dimension unknown since the birth of the cosmos ! roz light ock 's cigarette , eye he dubiously . ock do not bother to smoke it . roz a bit melodramatic … but if you could prove it … that would tie in you unify field theory , the Big bang , kaluza - klein - - ock ach , theory ! this be first -hand , experiential knowledge , the essence of the universe . roz begin to sense the man 's madness . roz mm. but at what cost , otto . you barely survive a coma . and look at yourself -- roz glance at ock 's sheeted torso . ock my … self . I do not matter . this human life , all life -- insignificant . body -- bag of sleepy , sluggish flesh . roz ( carefully ) all right , we may be insignificant , imperfect creature -- but we be all we have get . ock you be wrong . just for a moment , I hear , see , feel -- I become creation . ock take the cig from he mouth , stare at the smolder end . roz creation ? or its opposite ? ock Truth . pure , eternal . Beyond the boundary of mere mortality . roz regards ock sadly , take the cigarette and extinguish it . roz otto , we be mere mortal . you must never forget you own limit -- ock I will repeat the experiment . I will hold the truth . that 's the only thing that matter . roz no . it be not . he move in closer , try to see past ock 's madness . he speak quietly but firmly . roz life and death matter . your - - everyone 's . by comparison , we search for truth be only a product of curiosity , a game - - ock oh , roz . my mind be so far beyond yours now . ( pleased ) I could beat you at chess now . roz realize ock be beyond communication , off the deep end . a knock and thorkel enter , smile . thorkel gentlemen . Professor , if you could … rosomoff sigh and rise . roz I be just leave . please , otto . be careful . roz exit . thorkel stand at the foot of the bed , lean on the bedpost . thorkel it 's good to see you awake . feeling all right ? ock ignore he . thorkel give he a lemony smile . thorkel then you will be glad to know the University have decide not to press criminal charge against you . break and enter … the minor matter of the total destruction of a 23 million dollar cyclotron … ock I will finish what I have begin … thorkel doubtless . and you will have all the time in the world to pursue you work . somewhere else . ock 's eye narrow . thorkel smile . thorkel to put it bluntly , octavius , you be history . fire , can , out on you ass . the University will take care of you medical bill , but I consider that a small price to pay for the pleasure of get rid - - without warning , a steel waldo shoot out from beneath the sheet and clutches thorkel by the throat . his smirk turn into a grimace as the arm lift he off the floor , push the man up near the ceiling . amaze , ock look along the waldo from he chest to the choke thorkel . ock touch the metal arm curiously as the man gasp for breath . thorkel 's foot kick wildly , then go limp . ock drop the body . ock get out of bed , stand over thorkel 's body . a arm telescope outward , the claw open and shut experimentally . ock nod in grow pleasure . another arm draw the curtain . a third arm shoot out and click the door lock . the fourth arm delicately click off the electronic monitor . ock clenches and relax he human hand , the mechanical arm writhe like cobras . he smile . int . surgeon 's dressing room - day a locker room . a fat doctor hang up he overcoat , take a lab smock . hanging in the locker be a GREEN and yellow jogging suit . as he put the smock on , a waldo snake around a corner , into the locker . it take the overcoat and jogging suit . int . medical incinerator - day flame through the OPEN grate cast weird shadow on ock ( dressed in the overcoat and jogging suit with hole torn for the waldos ) . he grab the grate handle , burn himself , back over thorkel 's glass with a crunch . he toss they into the FIRE . a waldo close the grate . int . peter 's apartment - day in he bathrobe at the kitchen table , peter squeezy the content of a tube of super -glue into a beaker , then heat the viscous goop over a bunsen burner , stirring it . a microscope , several empty glue tube , jar of thinner , and vial of powder lie about . mid-day . Peter tear open a bag from a sport goods store , dump out several reel of high -strength fishing line and box of miniature gas cartridge . afternoon . fast-food wrapper , chemical supplies and length of thin rubber tub . Peter use adhesive tape to secure he '' web-shooter '' : a pouch of glue under he arm ; a tube down he forearm end with a short metal nozzle at the heel of he hand ; a watchband - thin reel of line around he wrist with a tiny gas cartridge ; a pressure - sensitive button in he palm . Peter extend he arm toward the far wall , bend he wrist , press the trigger with he middle finger . a hideous wad of goo ooze all over he hand and explode through the tub . he 's gross out . over the bunsen burner again , Peter mix more glue , thin this time . wad of fail line and glue stick to the wall like linguini . Peter try again . he aim at the ceiling . a long stream of glue-impregnated line spit out and attaches to the ceiling with a splat . Peter tug at it -- it hold . he climb up it , hand overhand , and hang from the ceiling . he beam with success . ext . science CENTER - day the front door . a waldo reach into frame , snap the lock and chain with a metal claw . int . control room - day ock [ in the jogging suit from now on ] survey the damage , flip on the cyclotron . a single blue pulse and throb . the waldos block a shower of SPARKS . int . esu dorm - day reading cosmo beneath a che poster , adele look up . the tv have turned itself on , wildly flipping from channel to channel . from os come the buzz of liz 's blow -dryer , and a blast of AIR . the dryer levitate , whirling around , then pull its cord from the socket and plummet to the bed . freak out , Adele hurried to the door . scream from the dorm room , student hurry into the hall and down the step . Light bulb shatter , vacuum cleaner race around , the hand of a wall clock spin crazily . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day playing chess with a aged partner , roz sees student rush out of there dorm , some panicked , other amuse . ad lib exclamation : '' my toaster - over attacked I ! '' '' what be go on ? '' '' goddamned con - ed ! '' a kid 's ghetto blaster rise from he shoulder and spin in mid-air , then explode . manhole cover shiver , then spin out of the pavement like fly saucer and hover in mid-air , then drop to the earth with a clang in unison . roz watch it all with scientific interest . partner you move . int . control room - day a electrical mess : SPARKS , ozone . ock back away from the sizzling control panel , a waldo throws a switch to shut the cyclotron down . disgust , he storm out . int . peter 's apartment - day atop peter 's mattress sit a OPEN BOX marked '' lieber 's novelties '' with one spider -man costume inside . wearing the other costume but no mask , peter stand before a full - length mirror . he tug at the tight suit , feeling pretty silly . peter pull the mask over he face . he puff out he chest . peter / spider-man in this corner -- the human spider ! ( shake he head ) unh-uh . arachnid -- arachnia - - no. ( unsurely ) spider - man ? in the mirror -- the reflect image of spider -man nod . ext. peter 's roof - dusk CITY light in the distance . peter 's range -finder camera sit on a tripod by the OPEN skylight . the self -timer hum , the camera click and flash , catch spider -man in action : swinging on web strand , clinging to wall , leaping through the AIR . spider - man jump back and fiddle with the camera , then a knock from below . int . peter 's apartment - night loud thump at the door . spider -man drop through the skylight , move to answer , then hesitate , he pull off he glove and mask . more thump , rhythmic . peter cool you jet ! ext . hallway - night harry sit in peter 's doorway , thumping he head backward against the door . as peter , in sweater and jeans , open the door , the drunk kid sprawls on he back . harry stare foggily at the red - webbed boot beside he face . harry ooooh . you foot be on fire . peter Harry … harry '' Harry osborne diminish the stature of the University . '' peter let I guess . the hunt dog . you lose you scholarship . Peter lift Harry upright , sit cross -legge beside he . harry '' Scholarship student must maintain dignity at all time . '' peter I know . I have get one too . harry screw scholarship ! university be death ! they make slave of we all with they fetid idea ! burn ‘em down , I say ! Peter lift Harry up , lean he against the doorjamb . peter great idea . let I get some shoe . I will take you home . harry why home ? the real world beckon , man ! the possibility be endless . ( beat ) want to go up to the World Trade Center and laugh at New Jersey ? Peter , wear shoe and a jacket , lock he door . he lead Harry to the stairwell . harry you be so responsible it 's disgusting . but you be my only friend … do you hate I ? peter do not be pitiful . harry I be not pitiful ! I be the bridge to the Übermensch ! Harry go pale , grab he stomach . Peter hold he by the staircase . peter do not vomit on my shoe , Zarathustra . ext . electrodyne factory - day a salesman with a clipboard lead the overcoated ock through a cavernous storage hanger -- section of aluminum pipe , spool of wire , etc . worker and forklift unload and stack crate . salesman ( mumble ) let 's see , that 's 3,000 foot of 50 - gaugecopepr armature wire … a transformer … accelerator rail … a few odd and end … ock point to a pipe section . ock and that . salesman what 's the idea ? a do - it-yourself atom smasher ? ( smile ) couple a high school whiz kid come in here once , plannin’ to build they own neutron bomb . blueprint , the whole nine yard . want to be the first one on they block to be the last one on they block -- he laugh . ock stare at he . he go back to he clipboard , clear he throat . salesman okey-dokey . then that 's … uh … oh , figure about 170,000 dollar , plus tax . ock frown at the man . salesman well , you do have to pay for it . the bulge under ock 's coat move ominously . his face darken . he 's about to kill the salesman -- then notice there be too many witness about . salesman be you okay ? ock money . he turn on he heel and stride away . int . bugle news room - day a sluggish monday morning . peter enter briskly with he new jacket slung over he shoulder , a 8x10 envelope in he hand . he pause outside jameson 's door , near betty 's desk . there 's a AIR of cockiness to peter -- and betty sense it . peter be his eminence receive ? betty uh-huh . and may God go with you , my son . int . jameson 's office - day jameson , cigar in he teeth , smile at the bizarre photo : the rat melded with its cage , the distorted hallway . peter examine he nikon . jameson I bet you do not think I appreciate you , parker . I do . peter well , thanks . you would not believe what I go through to get that . right after you take my camera , this ambulan -- jameson I like enthusiasm . that 's why I use a lot of smart - ass kid . not just ' cause they work cheap . peter Mr. jameson -- jameson I get a question , college boy . ( suddenly livid ) what the hell be I suppose to do with this !? I ask for disaster , pathos , what do I get ? salvador dali ! when I want artsy - fartsy double - exposure , I will ask for -- peter double -exposure ? but they be not -- I be in -- jameson I do not give a gerbil 's ass how you get ‘em ! I can not print this surreal garbage ! peter you print picture of bigfoot ! jameson bunch of kid at you goddamn college say they appliance attack they . do you get picture ? peter Mr. jameson -- jameson no! Washington Square , manhole cover turn into fly saucer and radio explode like a-bomb . do you get picture ? peter can I get a word in edgewise ? jameson no ! now get outta my face , kid . jameson thrust the photo back at Peter , who pull the photo from the manila envelope : spider - man cling upside - down on a wall . peter I suppose this would not interest you … jameson turn the photo around , try to figure it out . he look up at Peter , hold he gaze -- and tear the photo in half . both halve flutter into the wastebasket . int . bugle news room - day peter , with he pack , quietly close the door of jameson 's office . betty rise . betty how about a cup of coffee ? peter yeah . cream and hemlock . Peter sit on the edge of she desk as she walk off . a think hit he . he pull reiss 's business card from he wallet and dial the number . peter hello , uh , Mr. reiss ? I be -- I be the guy who wrestle hulk hogan the other day . the guy in the mask ? reiss ( filter ) I be hope you have call , babe . look , you get representation ? peter no … reiss ( filter ) good . we will make it oral for now . meet I at rockefeller Center at six tonight . peter why ? it be a wrestle match , or … reiss ( filter ) letterman show , NBC . we will talk then . bye . Betty return with he coffee . Peter slowly return the receiver to its cradle . betty good news ? Peter ignore the coffee , pull on he new jacket , he mind reeling . peter hey , ma , I be gonna be a stah … he bang on jameson 's window and throw he a raspberry . ext . science CENTER - day boarded up and locked . student gather around a list of relocated course . peter find '' psychics 101 -- canceled until further notice . '' ext . basketball court - day a fenced court near campus . a vigorous game of two-on -two , flash and three preppy pal : norbert , chip and winthrop . flash dribble angrily down court , shoot , miss . he’s pissed . chip frustrate , Thompson ? winthrop miss lizzy do have a headache . all weekend long . flash shut up ! New jacket on , Peter approach . he scale the wire fence gracefully and hop onto the court , set down he pack . they ignore he . peter mind if I shoot a few ? chip Peter , you do not play basketball . norbert we have get even team -- flash no , norb . let 's give Dr. J. here a shot . he fling the ball toward Peter , hard . flash come on , guy . Peter bounce the ball experimentally , then dribble toward the basket . flash nod to winthrop , who elbow Peter and knock the ball away . flash get it . Peter block flash legally , but flash jump up , make a basket and purposely kick Peter in the belly . flash grin at Peter , who double over to catch he wind . norb recover the ball , pass to chip , who pass to Peter . winthrop cover he , give he a rough time , smile . Peter smile right back , shoulder winthrop , send he fly backward into norb ; they both fall backward . Peter dash for the hoop . flash hook Peter 's ankle to trip he , but Peter jump up , flipping flash to the concrete . he leap up for a lay - up , cling with he fingertip to the backboard for a second , and slam - dunk the basketball . he drop to earth with a spring . peter thanks , guy . he grab he pack , leave by the gate . the four preppies stare at he . int . student union - day a super -modern cafeteria with video game , bulletin board , a atrium . alone , peter sip he coffee , reading the time , the remains of a salad before he . liz and adele join he with there lunch trays . liz eat alone , gotta read . Social defense tactic 17 ( beat ) Peter , that jacket be foul . lose you glass ? peter hi , Adele . Adele look at he , then at Liz . liz brrr . it 's colder than New Hampshire in here . peter I be sure you keep warm . adele ( falsetto ) sexual tension … liz oh , beware of jealousy , my lord , the green - eye monster … peter do not misquote othello at I . besides , you have have to care about somebody to strangle they . liz what 's you problem ? peter I have get no problem . adele ( look at she watch ) time to get my bowl ball re-drilled . liz Peter parker , you have no idea what I do this weekend . or do not do . it 's no business of yours either way . Peter zip up he pack , rise . liz sit down and stop be such a child . peter this from a girl who still play with doll . liz ( hurt ) that be not clever . that be just nasty . Peter head off . Liz dump she glass of milk over she plate and stifles a scream . int . rosomoff’s office - day a old room in the library build . STAR chart and a ancient sextant ; book ; a telescope ; a large revolving model of the solar system ; a antique spinning wheel and a harpsichord . odd , but inviting . roz lean over a large table , examine a precise NYC street and subway map . he glance at a news clipping : '' bronx video arcade go tilt . '' with a color marker and a protractor , he trace a curve line on the map through the bronx street . other waveform line in different color criss - cross the map . peter ( sing ) the bronx be up and the battery 's down . roz turn with a distract smile . roz Peter , what can I do for you ? peter a extension on that astronomy paper ? because , uh … roz you dog eat it . peter actually , I get this spider bite … roz pretty lame for such a smart kid . peter really , Professor , I -- roz turn back to he map . roz you have until tomorrow . skip the excuse . Peter pick up one of the news clipping : '' 's Wall crawler 's spot across NY , '' and another , '' l.r.r.r. train detour to Mongolia . '' roz notice Peter 's interest . roz fortean phenomenon . anomaly in we so-called reality . weirdness , my boy , and lot of it . peter cause by Doc ock 's experiment ? roz how much do you know about it ? peter not a lot . I see inside of the Science Center . what exactly happen ? roz only octavius know for sure . and last time I speak to he , he be on the planet whiz - bang . Lucy enter with a computer print-out . roz compare it with a earlier one . lucy see ? with enough energy on this side of the equation , the slope approach infinity . roz scribbles several number on a pad , hand the page to she . roz run it again with this smaller value . lucy why bother ? nobody take ock 's equation seriously . roz I do . run it again . please . she shrug with she eyebrow and leave . peter need any more help ? roz no , thank you . I be sure you have get you own problem . roz review the print -out , and , as Peter turn to leave : roz Peter … that be one godawful jacket . ext . bank - day in front of the '' first national bank of scarsdale , '' a uniformed guard slam the steel door of a brink truck . he climb in the cab beside a driver . guard beer after the last pick -up ? driver sound good . we will be do in a half -hour . guard not at this rate . the Driver revs the motor - - it 's not move . the Guard unsnap he holster . without warning , two waldo smash through the thick glass on both side . ext . bank - day ock hold the truck aloft by the rear bumper ; the rear wheel spin . two other waldos surround the truck , squirming into the cab . gunshot and panicked scream from within . with he FOURTH waldos ock tear OPEN the rear door and grab several money bag with he hand . in the bank , witness stare goggle - eye . a teller pull the drape for protection . int . computer room - day low ceiling , terminal , whirring AIR conditioning , the clicking of student entering data . roz enter , uncomfortable and claustrophobic here . roz cross to harry at a snazzy graphic terminal . harry I have draw up you graphic , but … what be this all about , anyway ? roz just a theory . let 's see it . Harry strike a few key , run the program . harry okay … I hope I will get some brownie point for this , I could really use they … roz I will do what I can . on screen -- a graphic of star in space . harry Standard chart of we cosmic neighborhood -- and -- the graphic zoom quickly in on the solar system , Earth , then a aerial view of the northeastern US . harry Home sweet home . first you original set of value -- bluish pulse appear sporadically in a spiral in the New York area , then stop . Computer - generate tone like the throb of ock 's experiment . harry sporadic pulse , peter out in 96 hour or so . but when we crank up the energy variable , we get three distinct phase -- he push a button ; the screen clear and reset . harry phase one : the same pulse . if the energy input keep rise and we reach a critical point -- here -- into -- spiral flash as before . the spiral pulse multiply and coalesce , form a blue funnel over New York , grow and intensify . harry phase two : a energy vacuum , suck power into itself . if it get enough juice , we go into phase Three : a chain reaction . here 's where it get really good . the image pull back for a wider view as North America - - the Earth -- the solar system -- then the surround star implode and dissolve into the blue pulse . harry Zzzz - Zap . Big bang in reverse , end of the universe . this have make one hell of a video game . rosomoff 's face register grow dread . int . subway platform - night passengers pour out of a uptown local ; a sign in bg read '' 49th ST . rockefeller CENTER . '' peter edge away from the crowd toward the end of the platform , look around , then hop down into the train bed , jog into the tunnel . int . subway tunnel - night peter look up , then spring backward , head over heel -- -- and land upside - down , foot cling to the grimy tunnel ceiling . he start to unbutton he shirt -- we see the spider - man costume . coin fall from he pants and clang on the rail below . Peter mutter to himself , pull the mask over he face . on peter 's clothes spider - man squirt a stream of webbing to tie up the bundle clothes . a train approach . spider - man nonchalantly attaches the stick bundle to the ceiling . ext . rockefeller CENTER - night spider -man emerge from the subway , stroll toward rockefeller plaza . a pedestrian mutter , '' what a asshole , '' and spider - man 's walk become tentative , embarrassed . a child : '' look , mommy , the circus ! '' another by - passer : '' excellent . '' spider -man 's walk become more self-assured . int . tv studio - night backstage hubbub . reiss and spider -man wait in the wing , a female a.d. nearby , a mix of live and filter SOUND from the stage . monitor show letterman watching a '' stupid human trick , '' a man playing music on he teeth . reiss where have you get the clown suit ? spider -man like it ? reiss Nah . the big mask be better . a.d . ten second . the a.d. lead the nervous spider - man toward the curtain . reiss watch the monitor , where we see letterman read from a card -- letterman but wait , there 's more . for arachnid lover everywhere , here 's '' the amazing spider - man . '' how about a tacit round of applause . on stage as spider - man shuffles out from behind a curtain . the tight costume earn he surprised whoops from the audience . letterman shake spidey 's hand , then wince at he sticky palm . letterman be that bug juice , or be you just glad to see I ? spider -man sorry . I be still get the hang of this . letterman I see . so , amazing spider - man -- I will assume that 's not you give name -- spider -man just call I spidey . letterman can I get you a snack -- a housefly , maybe ? spider-man thanks , I already eat . letterman I will hate myself in the morning for ask , but what exactly make you any more amazing than the average jerk on the street ? spider -man well … he leap straight up , somersault in mid-air and stick on a klieg light lattice . the audience react , suitably impressed . letterman cock he head . letterman oh , boy . must come in handy for change light bulb . spider - man shoot a long strand of webbing to the ceiling above the audience . spider -man and for my next impression -- errol Flynn ! he swing out over the boggle crowd and cling to a wall . even letterman be dumbstruck , lean cross -arm against he desk . spidey do a horizontal dance . letterman hold it . be you a shill for velcro ? the camera swirl to track spider - man as he sing back to the stage . letterman sit on the edge of he desk , shake he head . spider -man ta-daaa ! the band reprise spidey 's '' ta-daaa ! '' the audience cheer , spidey bow . letterman all right , amazing . be you quite finish ? spider -man just about . you see , I also have this amazing strength … with one hand , spider - man lift the desk -- and letterman - - above he head . the audience go wild . int . tv studio lobby - night reiss and spider -man come out of a elevator , cross the lobby to the door . spider -man so they be airing this tonight ? reiss yup . oh , here 's you check , minus my commission . solid , solid novelty act . spider - man put the check in he waistband . they head into the revolve door . ext . fifth avenue - night spider -man stand dead still outside the build , shudder -- STREET noise fade to silence , track in to he face . distorted sound : a window smashing , BEN 's voice -- '' hey , what --“ this be spider - man 's first experience of '' spider - sense , '' a warning of danger . reiss ( fade in ) … a couple a drink at sardi 's ? spider -man what ? reiss I ask if you feel like a drink -- spider-man ( distract ) no. no , I - - my aunt and uncle . something 's wrong -- I need to make a phone call . reiss okay , kid . call I tomorrow . reiss head off . spider - man stop at a phone kiosk , pick up the receiver -- spider -man Mr. reiss -- I need a quarter -- reiss I just give -- yeah , sure . he give he the coin and walk off . pedestrian gawk at the costume figure as he quickly dial . behind he , across the street , there 's a cut - rate electronics store . spider -man Ben , be everything all right ? … be you sure ? ( relieved ) no , I guess it be nothing -- I just have this feel -- no , do not wake she up … just watch Channel 4 at 12:30 -- alarm from store in bg . a huge and menace thief race into the street , a paper bag full of cash on one hand , a small tv under he arm . spider - man lean into the kiosk to be hear , speak loudly . spider -man ( cont . ) right , tonight . I know it 's late , but it 's worth it -- I will be on television ! it 's a long story -- a armenian storeowner chase the thief , who dodge car and bus and head straight toward spider - man . brake screech , horn blare . storeowner stop he ! somebody stop he ! spider - man dodge as the thief run right past he and hurry down the subway . the wind storeowner stop by spider - man , cursing he in armenian . spider -man ( on phone ) be not that great ? you will not believe it … storeowner whatsa matter with you ! spider -man ( on phone ) okay . okay . see you , Ben . he hang up , turn calmly to the irate storeowner . storeowner you coulda stop he ! done something -- stuck you leg out , trip he -- anything ! spider -man oh , gimme a break . do I look like Charles bronson ? spider - man walk off , leave the storeowner to he apoplexy . ext . bank machine - night clothes under he arm , spidey pull out the check , a impatient businessman and a fishwife behind he . spider -man can I borrow somebody 's pen ? the businessman mutter , '' flake '' under he breath , hand he a pen . he start to sign '' Peter , '' then flip it over . it 's make out to '' spider - man . '' spider -man wonderful . I guess I can still make a withdrawal . fishwife hey , nutbar , move it ! int . DISCO - night colored light throb with the music . young trendies clap with the beat as spider - man put on a fabulous show of acrobatic breakdancing . in mid-move , spider - man freeze -- the tingle of he '' spider - sense '' again . silence and track in . we hear gunshot , a man 's groan , distort . ambient sound of the disco return . the crowd urge spider - man to continue , but he push through they toward the bar . he lift the lower portion of he mask over he nose to finish he Coke . kim -- the sexpot Peter see in Washington Square Park - - watch he hungrily . kim I love the way you move . what make you stop ? spider -man second time tonight … this weird , weird feel , like a kick in the stomach … she run she hand over he mask face , then over he chest and stomach . kim I want you . spider -man uh … kim you will leave you mask on . spider -man uh-hu , right … excuse I … he edge away from she stroking hand and scoot into the crowd . she shrug . ext . plaza - night a public plaza in the theater district , with a large metal calder -esque sculpture . a light crowd : elegant theatre - goer , a few hookers , vendor , and STREET people . spider -man , he web - wrapped clothes under he arm and a champagne bottle in he hand , tries to hail a cab . a vendor pop OPEN he sample case . vendor a watch , man . you look like you need a watch . this real rolex , man . 20 buck . a cab pull over . the vendor hang in there . vendor you want a red one ? Red rolex , right here , ten buck . match you tux . spider - man lean into the cab . spider -man can you take I to Forest Hills ? cabbie twenty - five buck over the meter . you pay toll . vendor hey , you buy three watch for that , man ! spider - man get in , the cab start off . the vendor go after a well - dress yuppie couple , start he rap again . the peculiar throb fill the plaza . people turn toward the metal sculpture , which pulsate . int . cab - night spider -man face front , the plaza behind he . the cab move very slowly . spider -man I be in a hurry . I have get to see my aunt and uncle -- cabbie fella , my foot 's all the way to the floor ! ext . plaza - night the sculpture have become a huge magnet . in quick succession , every SMALL metallic object in the area sail toward in from all direction : the vendor 's watch fly from out of the sample case -- the man 's car key rip through he trousers -- he shirt stud -- the woman 's bra from within she evening dress -- a bag lady 's shopping cart -- a hooker 's metal belt and purse -- she pimp 's '' gold '' chain and ring -- a fat man 's buckle . all fly to the sculpture and stick magnetically . the throb and pulse abruptly cease ; the object clatter to the plaza pavement . spider - man 's cab -- suddenly release -- peel rubber with a screech . we see he face look out the rear window . int . midtown tunnel - night the cab shoot out of the tunnel into queen . cabbie ( vo . ) ah , be not any crazier than usual . albino alligator in the sewer , subway mutant wit’ no face , spontaneous human combustion . see it alla time . int . cab - night through the cab window as it turn into may 's block . two squad car and a detective 's sedan surround the house . spider -man leans forward , concerned . ext . may 's house - night neighbor in nightclothes cluster on the STREET , a uniformed cop keeping they back . ad lib confusion . '' the neighborhood 's gone all to hell , I tell ya , '' '' such a nice man , '' '' what happened ? '' '' they 're animal , '' '' no respect for nothin 's , '' etc . spider - man , champagne in hand , collar a old lady . spider -man Mrs. Shapiro , what happen ? she see the mask face , let out a quick shriek and back away into the milling crowd . marotta , a homicide detective in he 40s , waddle over . marotta what 's go on here ? spider -man somebody tell I what happen ! neighbor a burglar ! teenager they shot he . spider -man shot who ? shot who !? woman I be doin’ the dish -- teenager right in the gut , blood all over . marotta wait. Lieutenant marotta , nypd . what 's -- spider -man who ?! neighbor Ben , Ben parker . live in that place for , oh , fifteen , twenty year . teenager like a stick pig , moanin’ , wow . old man ambulance take he away and May go -- the bottle break in spider - man 's clenching fist , the rest smashes to the sidewalk . spider -man what hospital ? old man oh , I think St. Francis -- spider - man dash back to the cab . woman I be just doin’ the dish when I hear -- marotta ( yell after spider - man ) hey , who the hell be you ? int . hospital wait room - night sterile , lonely , harshly lit . may sit stiffly on the couch , hiding emotion . the impersonal sound of the paging system ; a tv drone in bg . Peter run in , street clothes cover the spider - man outfit . his hand bleed from the smashed bottle . May look at he , disturbingly calm . may Peter , you be bleed . peter it 's fine . tell I what -- may oh , Ben get through everything . peter aunt May , what happen ? may I be napping on the couch . there be a voice and a shot . I wake up . Ben be look at I . peter how be he ? may he will be fine . they will not tell I anything , but I be sure he will be fine . he sit beside she , watch she . he hug she , she respond by patting he head . may stop that . he will be fine . Peter look stoically across the lobby . it slowly dawns on he : he be watch spider - man on the letterman show . marotta and a uniform cop enter the hospital wait room , move to Peter . marotta you the nephew ? Peter nod , daze . uniform cop you uncle 's a brave old dude . evidently the guy be comin’ at you aunt , so he jump he . caught a bullet , but chase the guy away . lucky thing a black - ' n’- white be - - marotta not now . from the other side of the wait room , a grim - face doctor cross slowly toward they . May stand up slowly , look at he face and shudder . doctor Mrs. parker , I be sorry . we try -- a desperate sob . May clutches she chest , gasp for air . the Doctor run to she side . doctor Jesus -- code Blue ! crash cart in the lobby , stat ! a blur of action : orderly , nurse , a stretcher . marotta gently pull Peter out of the line of '' fire . '' uniform cop we will get the bastard who do it , Mr. parker . he 's trap in a warehouse , see , over on 112th -- marotta silence he with a dirty look , sigh . he put he arm around Peter . marotta kid , leave it . you can not do anything . Peter pull away , then run out into the night . marotta look at the cop . uniform cop hey , I figure he oughta know ! marotta shake he head , walk down the hall toward the doctor . the uniform cop slump stupidly in a chair , look at the tv : the end of the spider - man segment . letterman ( filter ) be you quite finish ? spider -man ( filter ) just about . see , I also have this amazing strength . ext . paint warehouse - night a swat team surround the dilapidated structure ; searchlight , sniper . flash of gunfire from a middle story of a tall warehouse . a tv newswoman broadcast a live report from behind the barricade . other reporter babble in bg . newswoman -- be hold the police at bay with a wall of automatic weapon fire -- more shot ring out in bg . newswoman ( cont . ) -- but because of the flammable chemical , the swat team be helpless for now . High above she , spider - man cling to a wall face the warehouse . he muster he courage . spider -man ( to himself ) just do it , you chicken . he shoot a long web up to the warehouse roof , loop the strand around he hand , and swing -- -- above the stunne police . Reporters try to catch he on film as -- -- he arc across the street to the warehouse , crash through a window -- int . paint warehouse - night --and scatter a pyramid of stacked paint can , splatter paint everywhere in the dimly - lit loft . the gunman fire after the elusive shadow , strobe - like streak of light illuminate spider -man -- a vat of turpentine explode into flame . on the other side of the cavernous room , spider - man kick over a huge bucket of red paint , which flood across the floor like a blood river . the gunman , only half - visible in the dim , smoky light , whirl and fire again at spider - man . gunman I will kill you -- I will kill you !!! bullet spray in every direction , explode paint can in a craze rainbow of fluid and flame . gunman where be you !? spider -man up here . the gunman look up , aim at the ceiling -- spider - man hang from the rafter . just as he trigger finger clenches , a jet of webbing shoot into the barrel of the gun , which backfire in he hand . spider - man leap down , he boot connect with the man 's jaw . spider - man pull he mask off , stand above the unconscious gunman . spider -man get up ! I want you to look into my eye when I -- spider - man hoist the gunman off the floor in fury and prepare to smash the man 's skull . he hesitates … and see the face of the gunman in the dance firelight . spider-man oh , no … ( desperate ) no ! ext . fifth avenue - night flashback : spider -man on the phone . the thief rush toward he and we freeze - frame on he face -- the thief and the gunman be the same man . int . paint warehouse - night police rush in , gun drawn . silence , but for the crackle of flame and bursting of paint can . through the smoke , they see something large hanging from the rafter like a yo - yo . it 's the gunman , moaning , completely enveloped in webbing . ext . courthouse roof - night dawn start to break over manhattan . camera crane down to pick up spider - man on the peak of a marble facade , looking very SMALL indeed . closer he tear off the mask . Peter 's eye be red-rimme , past tear . he pull off he glove : one hand still bleed from the crush bottle . he pull the check from he waistband , stare at it … then slowly rip it into small piece . he stand , watch the confetti-like bit flutter downward -- then violently rip the tunic from he chest . he pause : we see the web - shooter still tape to he arm . Peter throw the mask , glove and tunic down toward the street . as the blue and red costume drift in the wind , pas a engrave motto : with great power come great responsibility . ext . cemetery - day a chilly morning . a urban cemetery in queen . in a black suit , peter toss a flower into a OPEN grave . several mourner , including some neighbor , bid he good - bye . he look numb . mrs . shapiro May would have like the eulogy . how be she ? peter ( absently ) okay … the doctor say no shock for a while . she need rest . mrs . shapiro you could use some too , honey . Peter nod , she hug he . a hefty , blue-collar friend of Ben 's , look awkward in a suit and tie , shake Peter 's hand . friend ai not nothing you coulda do , Peter . no nod to this one . Peter watch the man walk off , then look at the grave . ext . electrodyne factory - day a loading BAY to the vast warehouse . the salesman check off a list as worker load electrical equipment into the back of a rented truck . a huge section of aluminum pipe sit nearby . ock watch . the salesman wave the worker away . salesman okay , boy , we need a forklift for that pipe . ( to ock ) where do you want the bill send ? ock pull a wad of crisp bill from he trench coat , hand it to the astonished man . salesman I will … uh … get you a receipt … he start off into the warehouse , count the cash , then stop , hearing a heavy clank behind he . he turn to see : the enormous section of pipe sit in the truck bed . ock climb into the cab and drive away . int . student union - day peter , still in he suit and looking burned out , sit with harry over coffee . liz and adele , carrying breakfast trays , approach from the cashier in bg . harry Jesus Christ . peter mm-hmm . harry and you let I go on about rosomoff work I too hard ? I feel like a complete idiot . peter you be not half the idiot I be , Harry . Adele and Liz set they trays on the adjoin table . flash enter in bg . liz well , look who 's dress for success . adele at least this ensemble do not glow in the dark . harry let he be . liz why ? he know how to defend himself . maybe too well . flash sit by Liz , wave a copy of the bugle . Peter 's photo of spider - man on page one -- with a barely perceptible rip down the middle . the headline read : '' tv clown escape crime scene , '' and subhead , '' 's spider - man 's seek for question . '' flash hey , guy . check it out -- I see this dud on the tube last night . he be incredibly cool . liz I see he too . he be silly and obnoxious . adele and flash be not ? liz be nice . harry yeah , take pity on the feeble-mind . flash ( the insult pass he by ) no , no , listen . they be tryin' to say he be in cahoot with this killer -- harry flash , drop it -- flash -- but they get it all wrong . any fool can figure it out . spider - man nail this guy ! flash guzzle Liz 's glass of milk , to she annoyance . flash I mean , spidey be one guy I have like to meet ! adele toad of a feather … Adele notice the photo credit . adele Peter -- you take this picture ? liz let I see . Liz take the paper , flash read it with she . Peter get ready to leave . flash parker , you amaze I ! you know this guy ? who be he , anyway ? where do he come from ? be he a cop , a martial art freak ? peter he 's a mistake . Peter walk away . flash mistake ? hey , guy , get back here ! liz hm . what a lump . adele what 's with he ? harry nothing much . Harry rise with he and Peter 's coffee cup . harry ( cont . ) his aunt have a coronary . his uncle be murder by that guy spider - man catch . no , nothing much at all . Harry exit , let the news sink in . int . rosomoff’s office - day roz leans on he desk by the map ; marotta tinkers with the antique sextant . marotta you be the last one to see thorkel . in octavius 's hospital room . roz so you have find thorkel ? marotta some of he … char-broile bone . teeth . we rule out suicide . any bad blood between he and ock ? roz gently take the sextant away from he . roz octavius be not the murderer type . marotta but you say he go off a little , after the accident , when that mechanical arm -- roz waldos . marotta right . we have reason to believe he also rob a armored truck and kill two man . with the waldo . roz react to this , then lean over the map . marotta join he . Peter enter and stand politely by the door . neither man notice he . roz Lieutenant , I have triangulate recent bizarre event -- the bronx , Jersey , Brooklyn - - all rippling out from -- ( point ) here . the e.s.u. Science Center . octavius 's experiment seem to have open a hole in space - time , drastically change the interrelation between molecular bind , electromagnetism and gravity -- marotta yeah , that 's fascinating , but I be just a fat , dumb cop lookin’ for a psycho killer -- roz there 's a infinitely great danger . if -- ( see he will not get through ) listen . the only thing octavius care about be repeat he experiment . to do that , he need a radioactive catalyst , sl 270 . he hand the cop a list . marotta nod . marotta toxic dump , huh . roz and he will need a cyclotron . he can not use ours -- he 's already destroy it . ( hand he a second list ) Guard every nuclear accelerator on the Eastern Seaboard . New Haven , Long Island , two in Cambridge - - marotta you sure about all this ? roz ( nod ) I know he . marotta recognize Peter ; roz look at he as well . they stare at he . peter hi. Professor , I be here about another extension . my uncle die . roz look at he dubiously , then see he 's tell the truth . marotta slip the list into he coat . roz of course . marotta it 's a lot of ground to cover . we will try . ( to Peter ) funny coincidence , huh ? roz no such thing as coincidence . '' God do not play dice with the universe . '' marotta Einstein , right ? we will see ya . roz Peter -- my condolence . marotta walk out . Peter nod , turn to leave . roz pick up the day 's bugle . roz this photo you take of '' spider - man '' -- peter luck . the right place at the right time . roz really . I have like to speak with he . peter I do not think I will be run into he . roz you never know . go get some sleep . peter I will try . thanks . roz turn back to he map . Peter watch he for a moment , then exit . int . peter 's apartment - day on the phone , tie loosened . we hear reiss 's angry squeal through the receiver . peter no … no , thanks , but … no , Mr. reiss -- I be finish with the act ! … okay , I be a fool … look , that 's it , no more spider - man - - I be sorry . good-bye . he hang up and flop face - down on the mattress , bury he face in the pillow . the phone ring . he glare at it , but answer . peter what . int . jameson 's office - day all smile , jameson sit on he desk , a copy of today 's bugle in one hand . jameson ( on phone ) parker , I love you . we scoop every paper in the country on this spider - man jerk ! I want more , parker . I want more ! a beat . jameson glare . jameson ( on phone ) what ? aww , do not be a ass ! get picture of he robbing a bank , or kick a dog -- anything ! this guy 's the best bad guy since mengele , or Son a Sam , or j.r. ewing ! … eh ? get outta here , nobody want a hero ! int . peter apartment peter look at the squeaking receiver , hang up and unplugs the phone . int . jameson 's office - day still on the phone . betty , excite , enter and hand jameson a sale report . jameson ( cont . ) get this -- we sell out ! I will double the print run ! I will slot you on page one for the next month , buddy ! I will -- he finally notice the dead line . jameson parker ? ( hang up ; to Betty ) what a newsman , on the job already ! int . peter 's apartment - day peter stand with the OPEN costume BOX in he hand , looking at the second red -and -blue outfit . he decide something , then stuff it in the '' leiber 's novelties '' bag , along with the web - shooter and the obnoxious new -wave jacket . ext . east village STREET - day bag in hand , peter leave he build and cross the STREET . liz ( os ) Peter ! wait a minute ! he pause , Liz run up to he , a little breathless . liz peter I be just come by to apologize I be sorry if I be -- each pause to let the other speak , then -- liz peter no , I do not know about -- I have be act like a -- both look at each other , then giggle . the tension ease . they walk together . liz what 's in the bag ? garbage ? peter sort of . I be return the -- that outfit that you hate so much . maybe I can get my money back . liz oh , do not do it on my account -- peter no , it be not only you -- it -- it just be not my style . hey , look - - let 's go to lunch . someplace nice for a change . liz this from a man who wince at the cost of a pretzel ? peter that be then . I be better since the lobotomy . he point to a imaginary scar on he forehead ; they laugh and walk off . ext . electrical substation - day a waldo thrust into frame , penetrate a Mass of circuit , wire and switch . SPARKS and ozone fill the AIR . all four of ock 's arm work at once , cutting and resplicing high - tension wire in the cage transformer . ock 's eye frenetically scan a series of voltmeter ; one register escalating level while other jump , then drop . a lineman see ock from the rear , the waldo stretch from he torso . lineman hey ! ock ignore he . the lineman pull a heavy wrench from he toolbelt and brandish it , approach warily . without turn around , ock extend a waldo backward , grab the wrench and crush it in two . the lineman run off . near the fence , the panicked lineman slam into two guard , male and female . lineman my wrench ! he -- it -- arm ! the guard draw they gun as he clamber over the fence . another voltmeter needle swing as ock throw a switch . female guard freeze ! hand up ! ock turn , the waldo wave like Medusa 's hair . the guard step forward , she bullet ricochet off a telescoping metal arm . it grab the gun and the woman 's hand , squeezing . a second waldo whip around the male guard 's neck , shake he like a terrier with a rat , then hurl he into a wall of wire . electricity jolt he body and knock he out . ock 's attention return to he work . released , the woman fall to she knee in pain , crawl to she fall comrade . her hand extend for he revolver . but she body be drag away from the gun - - a waldo have she ankle . she scream . another waldo slap she head , knock she out . a voltmeter read zero . ock frown -- then spy a lock metal cabinet mark '' third Rail circuit -- NY Transit Authority . '' ock consider this . int . chic french restaurant - day a imperious waiter sets dessert before peter and liz , out of place in the refined environment . peter -- but at least aunt May 's okay now . I really have to stop by the hospital this afternoon . liz do you mind if I come too ? peter I think I have like that . he ignore he dessert , stare out the window . peter they keep say there 's nothing I could have do . that 's a lie . I could have do something . if only I have pay attention to my feeling . liz you be not train for that . none of we be … I mean , sometimes i… ( practical ) okay , let 's say you have go back . what then ? be you bulletproof ? peter well , no . liz so ? the next day I have read , '' Peter parker murder , '' and I have feel … peter you have feel what ? liz ( cover ) listen . you think you be responsible for everything that happen . do not flagellate yourself -- and do not flatter yourself , either . you be not the center of the universe . you be just … Peter . peter be I ? I be not so sure . ( look at she ) I use to be sure of a lot of thing . oh , different thing from week to week , but now -- I be not sure of anything anymore . liz I know what you mean . I … he look a little queasy -- the spider - sense again . Liz 's voice and the restaurant SOUND drop out , track in to tight close - up on Peter . we hear the ock throb and panicked cry of people in a subway car . abruptly , we be back to reality . and Liz be be oddly inarticulate , liz maybe unsure be -- good . maybe you feel more that way . like I be sure you and I be just friend -- and that 's it . but -- last weekend , when I be with flash -- all I could think of be -- she see Peter be pay absolutely no attention . she bang she spoon against she glass . liz hello. Earth to Peter . be you listen ? peter unh-huh . Excuse I . I have gotta go . he grab the lieber 's bag and hurried out . the waiter set the check down before the boil Liz . liz I think I really do hate he . ext . office district - day such as wall STREET . '' walk '' and '' don ’t walk '' sign blink simultaneously , stoplight flash with no pattern then explode in series down the STREET . pedestrian and vehicle traffic snarl , honking horn , frazzled nerve . the throb begin -- low , muffle , under the street cacophony . at a intersection , two car come from opposite direction suddenly swerve toward each other . the driver spin they steering wheel to avoid a crash , but magnetic attraction make they slide through the intersection , smash together sideways and stick . the driver , inch apart , look at each other , baffle . a taxi swerve around the wreck -- ext . warped STREET - day --and down this less - crowded STREET . the throb swell . through the windshield the pulse spread through the asphalt ahead , rippling mirage - like . the taxi 's wheel sink into the liquefy street , now the consistency of quicksand . the driver crawl out he window and leap to the sidewalk as the gooey street swallow the cab . spider - man swing to the edge of a overlook building , watch the cab sink . a earthquake- like rumble from below . from beneath the street , a subway train burst up , arc into the air with a roar -- the three - car train sail through the air past spider - man -- a huge hole open like a iris in the facade of a nearby modern office building the train thrust into the shimmer hole , which clamp shut around it . the throb and pulse cease . the street below re-solidify , trapping half - bury car . scream , honk , siren . int . office build - day businessmen and secretary peek from under desk and around doorway . one - and -a-half subway car sit incongruously in there office . the passengers clamber out window , pry door OPEN . int . middle car - day solid structural glass bisect the middle car . commuter in the outside half of the car PRESS there face against the glass , pound for help . ext . office build - day the other one -and-a-half car of the subway protrude from the sheer face of the build , the last car dangling vertically by its hitch , ten floors above the STREET . int . last car - day vertical . a pile of a half -dozen commuter on the '' bottom end . '' ad lib panicked cry : '' give I a hand -- '' '' what -- ! '' '' I be go to take the bus ! '' '' not the door ! '' a wild - eyed teenager pull OPEN the rear door , a bag of fruit spill down -- ext . warped STREET - day and splatter on the pavement . a crowd gather , point up . more ad lib cry : '' this CITY 's nut ! '' '' get the FIRE department ! '' '' oh , my GOD ! '' ext . office build - day spider -man shoot a long stream of webbing and swing to the glass -front build . int . middle car - day spider -man 's head pop in a OPEN window . spider -man hello . the passenger stare as he climb in , back they away from the glass wall . spider -man okay , folk , stand back ! he kick it -- nothing . frustrate , he grab a metal railing . two passenger help he uproot it . spider - man use the pole as a batter ram , punch a hole in the window . Office worker aid the passenger . spider - man run toward the last car . int . last car - day the 2nd and 3rd car be at right - angle to each other . spidey open the door at the '' top '' of the car , scamper down the grab - handle to the people below . the half -dozen passengers cling to seat . spider -man cavalry 's here -- get the wagon in a circle . he heft a rotund woman over he shoulder . spider -man have you try Weight watcher ? she whacks he with she purse as he scamper straight up the floor . ext . last car the door between car . spider -man push the woman up -- helping hand from the middle car lift her to safety . ext . warped STREET - day the crowd part as a hook and ladder truck rumble up over the sidewalk . ext . last car - day spider -man push another passenger to safety . the thick iron link between the car creak , bending under the strain . ext . warped STREET the FIRE ladder rest against the build , below and to one side of the swaying car . int . last car the subway car lurch perilously . spidey return to the two remaining people . spider -man let 's take the scenic route . ext . last car spider -man lower a web - wrapped girl down through the door , swing her like a pendulum . after a close miss , a fireman atop the ladder grab the girl . the iron link bend nearly open . spider - man fasten a thread of webbing to the outside of the car . spider -man first floor , lady lingerie , sport goods … he grab the terrify man around the waist , then let out the line of webbing in short burst to lower himself and the man to the sidewalk . ext . warped STREET firemen rush to help , a white mercede limo pull up . the chauffeur open the door for the politico , who beam for the news cameras . politico where 's the hero ? I want to thank he personally for he fine -- a ominous grating of iron from above . spider -man get back ! it 's come down ! he scatter the crowd . the politico look up at the subway . the chauffeur run . politico oh , no -- my limo - - my mercede ! he scramble to he car . spidey intercept he , heft he like a sack of potato and run to cover as -- the subway car rip away from its link -- and fall , flatten the limo . piece scatter in every direction . cameras click as spider - man set the whimper politico down . politico my mercede … spider -man this be all you need . he hand he the mercede hood ornament . reporter hey , you some kind of superhero ? spider -man actually , I be just try to do as little harm as possible . businessman can I get you autograph ? er -- for my kid , he 's a fan . spider -man fan ? I have fan ? he start to sign '' Pete - - , '' cross it out , sign '' spidey '' with a flourish . bystander he be here before it happen ! I bet he cause the whole thing ! spider -man what !? politico he assault I ! I want he arrest ! fireman councilman , this guy just save a whole buncha life -- cop okay , Zorro , assume the position . the cop push spider - man spread - eagle against a car . fireman give the guy a break ! politico take off he mask ! he destroy my car ! that 's city property ! the cop , fireman and politico argue , ignore spider - man , who shake he head and scamper up the wall . the crowd applaud ; he wave and disappear over a roof . int . jameson 's office - day jameson leans back in he chair by a OPEN window , reading a competitor 's paper . like kilroy , spider -man peak over the sill , then leans in to tap jameson 's shoulder . jameson ak ! he spin up out of he chair and back away , horrify . jameson do not hurt I , you thing you ! I have get scummy lawyer like you would not believe - - spider - man crawl the rest of the way in and sit on a wall , chin in hand . spider -man relax , jameson . this be business . I know you want photo of I , so I will give you boy parker a exclusive . on one condition -- jameson I do not submit to blackmail ! the first amendment protect my freedom to tell the news as I imagine it , and -- spider -man would you cool it already ? jameson Police , help ! po -- mmph . web goo shoot out and cover jameson 's mouth . jameson inch to the door . spider -man thank you . now , repeat after I -- spider - man be a good guy . on the side of right , and niceness , and cute baby animal and all that . jameson frmpph-yrr . spider -man Fine . spider - man web the door lock as jameson grab the knob . Betty and other gather at the glass partition , amused . spider -man you friendly , neighborhood spider - man could use the good p.r. at the moment . he head for the window . jameson point frantically at he glue - up mouth . spider -man oh , that ? it will come unstuck in a half - hour or so . you mouth need the rest . bye . jameson hmf-hrr ? spider - man wave at the laugh bugle employee and drop out . int . may 's hospital room - day a four - person ward . may' corner already reflect her personality : bright flowers , the photo - cub of peter , a patchwork comforter . she sit up in bed , alert but tire . liz sit beside her on the bed . a old crone in the next bed , watching a mute tv news across the room -- featuring spidey footage . liz he leave . I could not believe it -- he just leave ! it 's as if he 's somewhere else … I be only get a piece of he . may when Peter be little , he love to hide . in closet , under the sink . he need a secret place . but when I have look for he , he have laugh … he want to be find . liz I do not think he want I to find he . aged crone sure he do , toot . May , gimme that changer thingie . May fling the remote control across to the crone 's bed . may Television be for idiot . read a book . aged crone read this . the crone give May a '' fongoo '' bent elbow . Liz draw the curtain between the bed . may I wish Ben say that to I , just once . I never let up , always needle he , tell he what to do . Liz take May 's hand . may maybe I be hide . for year , I never tell Ben the one important thing . liz he know . may some thing you should say anyway . liz even if they be not clever . may even if you have hear they a million time in every stupid pop song ever write . liz what if you get hurt ? may what if the world end tomorrow ? they look at each other . we hear the tv -- newscaster ( filter ) -- still baffle as to the cause of the subway disaster . the alleged '' spider - man '' be still want for question . in other news , police have a suspect in yesterday 's armored truck robbery and double murder -- ext . new york street - day with spider -man swinging from skyscraper to skyscraper -- reeling , like a roller - coaster through the concrete canyon . from street level , look up as spider - man swing like tarzan . pedestrian react : '' wowie , '' '' check that out , '' '' what 's he advertising ! '' '' it 's that jerk spider - man , '' etc . ext . crowded STREET - day ock , trench - coated as usual , drive he rented truck . it sputter to a halt in the middle of traffic . horn , impatient yell . int . rental truck - day the gas gauge read empty . ock climb out , leaving the truck blocking the STREET . ext . crowded STREET - day spider-man 's Pov : diffuse , except for ock in focus as he walk through traffic , oblivious to the uproar he’s cause . STREET level a waldo tear off the driver 's door of a commuter 's cadillac . ock slide in . ock out . commuter sure thing . he scramble out the passenger door . spider - man swoops down and across the street , still above ock . ext . new york street - day the caddy shoot around traffic , through red light -- while spidey swing right behind it , losing ground . to avoid congestion , ock drive on the sidewalk , scatter panicked pedestrian . spider - man cling to a wall , shaking he head . he leap down and -- -- land on the roof of a fast taxi parallel ock . the cabbie ignore the clunk . ock round a corner , spider - man leap from the taxi to the rear seat of a motorcycle ride by a biker chick in leather and helmet . spider -man could you do I a favor and , er-- biker chick -- follow that car ? Love to , but you gotta wear a helmet . it 's the law . he take the spare helmet from the sissy bar and fasten it on . they trail ock 's car through downtown , draw stare . ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - day ock 's caddy speed up a on - ramp . the biker chick , close behind , pull over . biker I do not do Jersey . bad vibe . spider -man I be hip . thanks for the lift . he hand she the helmet and she screech off . spider - man spy a approach semi , run -- and leap , cling to the side of the trailer . the semi move over the bridge . ock 's caddy be several car ahead , halfway over the bridge . spider - man crawl up to the top of the trailer . a cloudy sky , a impending storm . ext . jersey turnpike - day stand atop the trailer with hand on hip , spider - man sees ock veer onto a exit . as the truck pass the exit , spidey swing on a overhead exit sign toward the overpass . spider - man land on the overpass . ock 's car recede out of sight . there be no building to swing from , no vehicle to cling to . it start to rain . spider - man sigh and start walk . ext . muddy STREET - night sunset . drizzle . a sleazy area of wrecking yard and dump . a police car with two gaping hole in the windshield -- and two patrolmen dead inside . camera rise over a concrete wall with rusting sign : '' toxic waste dump # 49 , '' and '' hazard -- radioactive and poisonous material , '' with a radioactivity symbol and skull and crossbone . over the barbed wire atop the wall , we see within . ext . toxic waste dump - night a nightmarish industrial landscape : giant vat over -brimming with rancid chemicals ; stacked , rusting drum ; puddle of viscous fluid on the gravel bedding . in a open concrete bunker , ock use he human hand to pull open a vault - like drawer . Inside be dozen of seal canister , all bear '' danger -- radioactivity '' warning . he check through they , discard unwanted canister haphazardly . one near the back catch he eye : '' sl 270 '' be scrawle on the stain label . he pluck it out , examine it , nodd . spider-man ( o.s. ) open that now and you will spoil Christmas . ock whirl around . spider - man drop down from atop a chemical vat , cluck he tongue and saunter toward he . spider -man surprise ! ock surprise … he pull open he overcoat -- all four waldo telescope toward the astonished spider - man . they encircle he body , squeezing like python . spider - man gulp for air , struggle desperately against the steel arm . he wriggle a hand free , shoot webbing up and pull himself from ock 's clutches . ock grab the small canister -- but a stream of webbing shoot down and jerk the container up to spider - man on the roof of the bunker . he spring down to the ground on the run . ock 's waldo lift a oil drum and hurl it over he head . the drum burst ahead of spidey , spraying a greasy cloud of noxious gas and sizzling liquid . spider - man gag as ock rumble toward he . ock you be a insect ! spider -man Doc , you know better than that . insect be a completely different order from spider -- spider - man duck as a waldo shoot out , puncture a hole in a metal vat , which explode . he roll under a flame stream of napalm - like fluid . a waldo grab the sl 270 container ; a third arm backhand spider - man , knock he through the air into a concrete wall . shaken , spider - man get to he foot , stumble after ock . spider -man well ? have enough ? ock use the waldo to pull himself over the retain wall . spider - man leap onto ock 's back , throw he in a head -lock . ock sputter , strike backward with he real fist , to no avail . spider -man be not we both too intellectual for this ? a deep , ugly roar echoe from ock 's chest . two waldo whip backward , grab spider - man and fling he violently over the top of the wall -- ext . muddy STREET - night and onto the roof of the patrol car . he bounce off and splashes into a puddle . painfully , he roll over , struggling to he hand and knee . out of nowhere , a waldo claw clutch at he throat , squeezing . spider -man presses the web - shooter triggers -- they spurt blob of goop , then AIR , out of webbing . ock thrust spider - man against the wall , rear back with another arm and aim a deadly blow . spider - man jerk he head -- the metal fist miss by inch , punch a crater in the concrete . ock laugh maniacally , prepare for the final blow . roz ( o.s. ) octavius ! ock turn and see roz , get out of he vintage porsche . roz please . the wild violence drain from ock 's face , replace for a moment by sanity . he look at rosomoff , then at the metal arm , then again at roz , pitifully . with a anguish cry , he loosen the grip on the choke spider - man . ock rush to the cadillac , drive off . siren wail in the distance as roz help spider - man to he foot . roz I send for the police . we can explain . spider -man explain that some jerk in a mask and costume fight a mad scientist with four tentacles ? roz right . let 's go . int . roz 's car - night spider -man open he window for AIR as roz drive the bridge to manhattan . roz you be sure you be all right . spider -man ( cough ) yeah , just a lung full of New Jersey . lucky you show up when you do . roz logic . lot 49 be the close stockpile of sl 270 - - ( look at he ) I do feel foolish talk with a man dress like a -- spider -man imagine how I feel . roz Excuse I if I be impertinent , but -- how do you become … whatever it be you be ? spider -man the usual . heredity and environment . what 's the deal with Doc ock ? roz he will try to finish he experiment . spider -man and blow up the universe just to prove he 's right ? bit egotistical , be not it ? roz a messianic complex be nothing new to octavius . in he universe , there 's only one mind -- he own . it must be very lonely . spider -man forgive I if I do not feel too sympathetic right now . they drive south to lower Manhattan on West end Avenue in the rain . roz I listen to he talk of eternal truth and think of the bhagavad gita , the indian holy book -- '' I be become shiva , death -- the destroyer of world . '' octavius be … spider -man bonker . roz loonytune . and yet … spider -man just drop I off here . ext . waterfront district - night the car pull over near the eerie wharve under the elevate west side drive . spider -man get out and leans in the window . the rain have stop . roz do you … live around here ? spider -man no , but I have get this secret identity to worry about . I will swing the rest of the way . roz I see . well , octavius will not get much further . they will catch he and … put he away . sad . he might very well have the truth . spider -man phooey on that . roz drive off . spider - man raise he arm to shoot a web -- it make phfft noise , still out of webbing . he groan disgustedly , head down a rain - slicked street . ext . new york street - night spider -man trudge cross town toward home . quick image of nighttime new york : warehouse ; tenement ; chinatown ; the bowery . spidey walk by a group of gang kide , who laugh and point . he stop a robbery by tiredly flipping the mugger into a dumpster . he avoid a police car by leaping and cling to the side of a building . Inside a window he see a couple kissing passionately . he look away and drop to the street . ext . peter 's apartment build - night spider -man stand on the landing , slap he thighs for he keys -- nothing . spider -man ( mutter ) I gotta get pocket . he hop on the wall and climb upward . near the roof , he hear the rumble of a mg engine and voice below . Harry , Liz , Adele and flash tumble out of the tiny car and head to the front door . flash aww -- we forget the beer ! adele I be not sure this be a great idea . harry ( ala garbo ) maybe he vant to be alone . liz come on . he need friend now . groaning , spider - man crawl onto the roof , open the skylight . int . peter 's hallway - night flash bring up the rear on the stair . everyone 's puffing from the climb . flash be this worth it ? he 's so damned dull . and I bet he do not have any beery treat . Peter answer Liz 's knock . in he bathrobe , he face bruise , he look a mess . liz Peter ! you poor baby , what happen ? int . peter 's apartment - night flash clap peter on the back , push past to the kitchen . peter wince when liz touch he bruise . she shake her head and goe to the bathroom medicine chest . adele what do happen to you ? peter it 's nothing . look -- harry you get mug or something ? peter listen , I do appreciate you concern , but -- harry I get you a present . he pull a colorful can from he jacket pocket -- Peter unscrew the lid and spring - snake fly out . Peter look at Harry tiredly . harry ( lamely ) think it might cheer you up . flash close the fridge and return from the kitchen . flash let 's go somewhere and get ya blotto . adele I be sorry about you uncle … flash guess uncle Ben get he rice convert -- flash yok it up . Liz enter from the bathroom with cotton swab and a bottle of rub alcohol . liz flash , get lose . flash come on , laughter 's the best medicine ! Adele push he out the door . Liz look at Harry , who nod and follow the other into the hallway . Liz ease Peter down onto the mattress . flash try to look back inside -- Adele close the door . Liz dab Peter 's bruise . his head 's on the pillow , she face be close to he . he 's totally exhaust . peter I be sorry about be a jerk this afternoon . liz just shut up and close you eye . this will hurt . eye shut , he hardly have the energy to wince as she dab a cut on he temple . liz May 's much better . she will be out soon . peter oh , God , I forget to -- liz ssh. ( dab he again ) I always think she be a strong person . she be -- but not for the reason I think . peter ( half - asleep ) strong … liz her cleverness , that hard edge -- maybe they be the weakest part of she . the strong part be … what 's underneath . the part she be protect . there 's no reason to protect it … I think she 's just find that out now . Peter 's feature relax . Liz put down the bottle of alcohol . liz Peter ? peter ( far away ) I be here … he 's out . Liz see this and smile . liz so be i. she kiss he tenderly on the lip , then curl beside he on the bed . ext . high -tech cyclotron - night barbed -wire barricade , searchlight and national guard troops surround a sprawling , futuristic accelerator lab . a officer leans out of a patrol car marked ' suffolk county police . '' officer be there a nypd Lieutenant here ? it 's a Professor rizzo , or rosta , or -- with a all - night beard , marotta come to the car , a styrofoam cup of coffee in hand , grab the mike . marotta yeah , roz . roz ( filter ) any sign of we friend ? marotta nope . maybe he skip to Rio . fed get troops surround every cyclotron on the continent . be you absolutely positive that one at e.s.u. be kaput ? int . rosomoff’s office - night roz , fully dressed , sit on the desk . roz you do not see it , Lieutenant . you have need a half a dozen man , precise equipment . they have have to rebuild the transformer from scratch . there be … his voice trail off -- he realize ock 's plan . marotta 's voice frantically squeak through the phone . marotta ( filter ) roz? rosomoff ? what be it ? roz precise equipment … such as waldo … the light flicker … and the phone ring madly , then explode . ext . high tech cyclotron - night a high - pitched whine on the radio . marotta roz ? what 's goin 's on ? ext . new york skyline - night lighted building flash dark in cluster . int . peter 's apartment - night peter sleep , liz , fully dressed , asleep beside he . track in on peter ; we hear the ock throb growing louder and faster , cacophony of scream , explosion , the end of the world . sound stop , peter sit bolt upright in bed . he extricate himself , goe to the window . the light in he apartment go out , as do that throughout the neighborhood . peter Doctor octopus , I presume . in the dim light , we see quick cut of Peter strapping on he web-shooter , load fresh cartridge , pull on he glove , pull down the spider - man mask . Liz half - open she eye sleepily . liz Peter … ? spider - man leap up to the skylight and slip out . ext . new york street - night spider man 's form swing against the night sky through the blacked - out CITY . a baseball bat smashes a jewelry store window . Three looters fill they arm with sparkling ring and necklace . the leader turn , and catch a red boot in the chin that knock he end over end . spider - man 's fist quickly dispatch the other two . across the street , three more looters run out of a pawn shop , carry a assortment of radio , instrument , camera , etc . spider -man there 's no time ! he take a run jump , bounce on a car roof like a trampoline , and tackle two of the looter . on the ground , he shoot a jet of webbing at the third looter 's back , then pull hard and yank he down . people of all color and social strata scramble down fire escape and into the street to chase off the looter . spider - man clamber up a wall and swing off . int . experimental chamber - night makeshift repair -- patch of fresh metal plating , jerry -rigged wiring , even repair made with gaffer 's tape . all be still strangely warped . the experiment 's already go : brilliant light from the focus cone again concentrate on the gram weight , which shiver . ock stand in the middle of it all , waldos working feverishly at a improvised control board . he’s lost in he mad rapture . int . control room - night still showing the effect of the original implosion : the glass wall melted , dial and control warped and useless . roz leans against the twisted glass , shielding he eye from the glare within the chamber . roz ( hoarsely ) my God , otto , you have to hear I ! the world we know will collapse ! everything we have devote we life to -- all pattern , all harmony -- will be destroy ! ock Truth . Truth alone exist . Truth must be release … roz you have no right ! this be cosmic suicide ! in desperation , roz climb through the melt glass into the chamber , grab a waldo and try to pull it from a huge rheostat . ock , watch the gram weight , pay no attention to roz 's futile struggle . the arm , move to another part of the room , swat roz aside and knock he to the floor . on the gram weight the tiny cylinder rise very slowly from the scale , the throb rise in pitch . suddenly , the weight '' fall upward , '' accelerate toward the ceiling as if drop . spider - man 's hand catch the gram weight . he 's cling to the ceiling . spider -man hey , Doc - - you drop something . spider - man leap onto octavius and kick he in the chest , knock he backward , into a pile of acetylene tank and torch . roz get to he foot . roz spider - man , be careful ! he 's quite mad . spider -man I be not so happy myself . without warning , a waldo spring out and wallop spider - man in the head . the blow send he fly , knock he up against the focus cone . he fall on the floor in a heap -- unconscious . the blue -white beam focus on the floor . roz run for the cone and try to right it , but a waldo grab he by the collar and fling he away . ock smile and crank up the power . the pulse ripple through the tile , send they fall to the ceiling . the cement floor beneath begin to glow . ext . new york street - night siren in the distance ; running ; shadowy figure . the beam of a flashlight in liz 's hand cut through the darkness : she , harry and adele hurry through the street . harry ( sleepily ) this be a great way to get kill . adele New York be a big place , Liz . liz he be hurt -- he might be delirious or something . we have to find -- ( beat ) listen ! she hear the faint throb , run up the street to locate it . ext . science CENTER - night light spill from the torn -open front door , the only illumination in the area . the pulse spread through the sidewalk , the cement paving ripples and throbs . liz run toward the build -- adele grab her . adele uh , Liz , I do not think -- Liz break away from Adele and dash up the step . Adele hurry after she -- a crevice open as the building 's step crumble . Harry pull Adele away . int . science CENTER MAIN floor - night the build creak , hunk of ceiling fall downward . liz run upstair to a corridor with many door . liz Peter ! Peter , where be you ?! a crack open in the corridor 's floor beneath Liz . she leap out of the way , twist open the knob of a door mark '' biology Lab , '' get in just as a hole open in the floor where she have be stand . ext . science CENTER - night adele and harry back away as the structure shake and rumble , the brick wall slowly sliding upward , the concrete foundation rising into view . the sidewalk buckle , tree uproot and fall over . int . experimental chamber - night the room vibrate . roz drag the unconscious spider -man toward the control room . the pulse envelop the entire floor , the light cast eerie shadow upward on ock 's face . ext . science CENTER - night the build pull free from the ground . adele , harry and other in the area take cover as water main burst , spewing fountain . int . biology lab - night liz steadies herself as chair and table slide from one end of the room to the other . a cageful of white mice tumble to the floor and snap OPEN , the mice scurry in panic . ext . science CENTER - night heavy electrical cable stretch upward to the rising build , then SNAP in shower of SPARKS . the science CENTER rise further , now airborne -- the electrical cable point upward , shoot arc of power directly at the build . angle up as the Science Center hover above the surround building like a brick spaceship . int . biology lab - night liz clutch a window sill , looking out -- and down . her Pov -- rising the e.s.u. neighborhood recede , hundred of foot below . Dawn begin to show in the distance , silhouett Manhattan . ext . substation - dawn in rapid succession , power station around the CITY explode and shoot river of electricity toward the build ascending in the distance . ext . new york skyline - dawn twisting , rope - like beam crack through the sky , ripping hole through skyscraper in there path . the bolt of power shoot at the concrete foundation -- int . experimental chamber - dawn --and rip gaping hole through the wall and floor , directly to the whining cyclotron transformer , which pulse and throbs . curling arc of power dance crazily around ock . he watch in ecstasy , he waldos twitch and curl in pleasure . int . control room - dawn the twisted bank of electronics burst . roz shake spider -man . roz get up ! the second phase ! ext . new york - day a ENERGY cyclone erupt and whirl beneath the rising structure , sucking object from the STREET : tine can -- bus benches -- tree -- newsttand -- parked car . all swirl in the inverted funnel growing beneath the build . int . experimental chamber - day spider -man leap around the ENERGY stream to catch ocka' attention . intensely absorbed in the experiment 's progress , he react slowly . he waldos probe toward spider -man , who dance and whirl away from there grasp . roz make he way toward ock 's control board . spider - man hurl a acetylene tank at ock , who deflect it -- a energy bolt hit it and the tank explode , tear a door-size hole in the floor behind spider - man . roz , at the control , nod to spider - man . spider -man come and get I , squid-breath ock you annoy I ! ock lunge for he , but spider - man jump down through the hole in the floor . ock fall after he . ext . science CENTER - day looking up from the bottom of the build : arc of ENERGY crackle through the cloud cover and shoot into the basement . falling , ock thrust a steel tentacle through the concrete as a anchor , and vault arm over arm after spider -man . spider - man scramble around the edge of the foundation -- -- and onto the front facade . a waldo clamp around he ankle and tug violently . spider - man resist , pull against it , but a second waldo clutches he arm and peel he completely off the wall . the two waldo shake and whip he around like a rag doll . spider-man 's Pov : the sun and the horizon swirl crazily , Manhattan far below through a gap in the cloud . ock smile . the waldo release spider - man - - he fall -- but immediately shoot a jet of webbing onto a metal tentacle . the sudden weight cause ock to waver precariously . spider - man shoot another web and swing up to the front facade . int . experimental chamber - day roz , in a sweat , throws the rheostat -- a ear -splitting screech -- ext . science CENTER - day several of the ENERGY stream dissipate . the build halt its ascent , then lurch . be facade tilt toward the horizontal . ock 's arm thrust into brick to hold on . spider -man cling flat against a glass doorway . the horizon reel drunkenly around they . spider -man hang on by he fingertip ; waldo - fist slam into he hand , shatter the glass . int . biology lab - day liz hurtle across the slanted room , furniture and laboratory equipment crash toward her as she crawl up the floor toward a wall of window . a case of formaldehyde -filled bottle smashes inches from her head , spilling grisly preserved specimen . she suppresses a scream , keeping her wit about her . ext . science CENTER - day the build hover and pitch unstabely in mid - AIR . spidey rip loose a drainpipe to defend himself against ock 's arm : a bizarre sword duel ensue , a ten-foot pipe versus . four metal tentacles . the building pitch violently in the opposite direction . int . biology lab - day everything that 's not tied down fall across the room and smashes past liz through the window , which now face down on new york -- a mile below . ext . science CENTER - day the build spin , debris spill out the window . ock land a hard blow to spider - man 's jaw . stun , spidey hug the wall . ock claw he way across the brick surface to finish he off . behind ock , Liz tumble through a open window , clutching at venetian blind . she release a pent - up scream of terror , dangle a mile above ground . spider -man Liz ! he seize the offensive , swing at ock with the drainpipe . the building reel , vertical wall nearly upright . spidey heave the drainpipe like a javelin , hit ock in the belly . the pipe hurtle downward . double -jet of webbing shoot out to cover ock 's livid face . spider - man swing around ock toward Liz , shoot webbing to secure she to the face of the building . spider - man dodge and duck the flail waldo , weaving a web to bind they to the wall . more and more web-fluid -- the net draw tighter . spider -man you could use a nice , long rest . at last near enough to ock 's body , spidey clip he with a quick blow - - he 's out . spider - man scramble to Liz and pull she inside . int . experimental chamber - day roz run from one bank of control to another . spider -man and liz enter from the control room . roz what 's she do here ? liz this building be fly . I be in a fly building … spider -man Professor , you ever fly one of this thing before ? roz sure , in the war . pull that cable -- spider - man run across to the transformer , now glow less brightly . he pull a thick electrical cable -- the cyclotron groans , the pulse diminish further . spider - man grab another cable . roz one at a time ! we will drop like a bomb ! spider - man let go as if it be red-hot . ext . science CENTER -- day some ENERGY stream sputter into nothingness . the build gently descend toward the cloud below . int . experimental chamber - day liz watch as spider -man and roz work together . liz I be in a goddamn fly building … the pulse in the floor '' unspread '' toward the focus cone . Liz 's earring flutter -- the fly off she ear , sailing to the curve wall of the cyclotron . other metal object -- plier , a welder 's torch , etc . -- join they there . roz magnetism -- phase one . we be return to normal . ock 's waldo erupt through the floor . seethe , he pull himself into the room , loose strand of webbing hang from he face and arm . spider-man ( exasperate ) oh , come on ! all four waldo surge out at spider - man . he barely leap away , a waldo lash after he and pull loose another electrical cable -- the room pitch Liz and roz fall to the floor , she pull roz away from the glow . spider - man leap to the ceiling above the cyclotron . ock strike out -- the magnetism suck a arm against the accelerator tube and hold it fast . the pulse shrink further to a area below the focus cone . ock 's remain arm strike madly at spider - man , roz , everything . a waldo cross the beam of power from the focus cone -- concentric ring of energy shoot down the length of the arm -- the waldo burst apart , scatter wire and metal . ock yowls in pain , a two - foot remnant of a waldo flop limply at he torso . spider - man leap to the ceiling above the focus cone . spider -man up here , docky ocky ! roz ( desperately ) no , no ! not there ! ock 's remain two waldo arm thrust madly at spider - man - - he spring away . the waldo smash the cone . unearthly sound . the fibrous blue white beam envelop Doc ock 's entire body . a dark , completely alien slit open in space where the focus cone have be . the widen gap draw ock into its weird Beyond . he reach toward it with he human hand . Liz & spider - man struggle to resist the gap 's pull . roz watch in horror as -- ock 's body warp , twist inside itself . he howl -- agony , pleasure , enlightenment , death . the gap implode Doc ock 's body and … disappear , close and suck the last of the energy and pulse into it . eerie silence , except for the grow whistle of air . roz ( hushed ) he find he truth . liz we be fall … spider -man okay , I blow it -- let 's move ! ext . science CENTER - day the ENERGY have completely disappeared . the build plummet into the cloud . int . science CENTER hallway - day spider -man and roz help liz toward the staircase . the wind whistle louder as gravity accelerate the plunge . ext . skyline - day the science CENTER fall out of the cloud toward central park . int . staircase - day pitching and rolling , spider -man , roz and liz move weightlessly up to the emergency exit . ext . science CENTER - day the door swing OPEN in the hurricane wind . FIRE extinguishers and other object be sucked past the trio , they leap away from the build -- spider -man hold tight , kid ! ext . central park - day central park accelerate toward they as they plunge to earth . the Science Center disintegrate on impact with Central Park Lake . ext . sky - day falling , with liz hanging onto he neck , roz under one arm , spider -man shoot webbing downward -- ext . cleopatra 's needle - day to the top of the obelisk -- and swing gracefully down in a spiral around the monument . he touch ground , set roz and Liz on they foot . they look around they : ext . central park - day a hailstorm of debris -- paper , book , bottle , brick . the lake 's surface churn and calm . ext . cleopatra 's needle - day the trio stand for a moment , stunned . liz 's knee buckle as she faint . spider -man catch her . spider -man I can handle it . he heft she into he arm and walk off into the gather crowd . int . lecture hall corridor - day norb and chip leans against the wall , hanging out . they read a copy of the time . the bold headline : '' scientist explain tornado / EARTHQUAKE / electrical STORM . '' flash swaggers up , swack there time with a copy of the bugle . flash use that to wrap fish . I get the real story . he show they the tacky bugle headline : '' spider - man save universe . '' chip and norb break up laugh . student pour out of a classroom behind they . flash hey ! this be the truth ! look , Doc ock have this , uh , experiment thing , and the Science Center crash into Central Park , and -- he spot Peter and Harry , hold up the bugle . flash parker , osborn -- true , be I right ? peter ( bemuse ) oh , of course . harry I be there . flash see ? harry ( wild - eye ) or be it all a dream ? Peter and Harry laugh and head out the door . ext . lecture hall - day they walk out and past the boarded - off pit that be the science CENTER . harry oh , I need you note from the class I miss . peter well , I have miss a lot of class myself … . harry oh . well , hang in there , amigo . he cross away . roz catch up to Peter from the lecture hall . roz Peter -- I be so very proud of you . I must apologize for doubting that you could do it . Peter eye he , wonder what he know . roz eye he back . roz the paper , my boy . a solid b-plus . peter oh. yeah . thanks . roz if you really apply yourself , you will get a a next time . roz smile wisely . Peter watch he walk off . peter next time … the idea of do it all again make Peter whistle lowly . he see someone across the street . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day smiling , peter run up to liz . peter hello , Liz . liz hello . so very boring . Peter parker , how do you feel about I this morning ? peter I … I like you . a lot . liz hm . well , I like you , too . I like you aunt . I like you shoelace . I like -- he hold a fingertip to she lip . peter hold it . can we stop be clever , just for a moment ? liz why ? he kiss she . she look at he bittersweetly . liz this may be the end of a beautiful friendship , you know . peter Nah . she kiss he back . they walk off into the park , hold hand … . and we fade out .