8/4/1993 S p I D E R - m a N written by Barry Cohen and Ted newson and James cameron 2nd revision by Joseph goldmari and James cameron and John brancato -------- third revision by James cameron base on screenplays by Ted newsom &amp ; John brancato , barney Cohen and Joseph Goldman second rev . 7/29/1993 fade in : int . professor ock " S private physics laboratory , the cyclotron room ( credit sequence ) - day a mighty warning klaxon assault we ear . a flashing red warning light stab we eye . several dial go into the red . a hand push aside a yellow thermos and push forward a red power throttle . we hear the whining up of a cyclotron . a digital dial climb to " 5 % power . " a spider crawl across a dial . begin open credit . the cyclotron room be in a old basement full of peel paint and plumbing wrap with tape . leak be here and there . cobweb be all around . doctor otto octavius ( ock ) be a strong but strange feature man in he mid-fifty . his assistant , weiner , hover nearby look on . he 's open mouth with a mindless kind of curiosity . weiner be a local , small - time hood hire by ock to circumvent the school administration and to " procure " whatever ock need for he experiment . he shade he eye against a searing blue - white beam that erupt from the window . the room be divide into a control room and the experiment chamber . weiner whoa , whoa , whoa ... what 's that ? with a whoosh , the window explode , shower the two with shard of glass , and throw they to the floor . ock ( rise ) we begin again ... let 's kick in that new transducer . see if we can double the power output . weiner ( rise more slowly ) whoa , Doc ... wait a minute ... but ock be already at the throttle . the cyclotron whirl up . the light go on . louder , brighter than before . ock look through the break window into the experimental chamber . the power dial inch upward , " eight , nine ... " the blue - white light be blind now . the whine pitch be shatter . end open credit . ock okey ... dokey ! the power dial hit ten . ext . empire state university - day as student go to class , the sound of the cyclotron spill out of the science CENTER onto the grounds of Empire State University . we see peter parker , a pleasant face senior who 's among the top in he class . sincere and serious , he have yet to develop a way with woman . liz ( fall in step ) hiya Peter ... liz allen be also a senior . she 's beautiful and intelligent . peter ( ardent but uncomfortable ) hiya Liz ... how're you do ...? liz ( teasing softly ) how be I do what ? harry Peter ! Peter ! wait up ! harry be the school nerd . a quirky kid who , like peter , can be a little backward around girl , especially pretty one like Liz . harry ( to Liz ) would you , uh ... excuse we for a minute ? despite peter be protest body language , harry pull he away like a conspirator . peter what be it ? what ... harry do the astro - physics Journal really accept you paper ? peter ( laugh , embarrassed ) yeah ... well ... all I get 's the data but they have agree to publish it when it 's finish . you know ... it 's my calculation on the planetary conjunction . harry and its influence on the anti-force . be not it ? peter yes. look , Harry , I be busy with ... ( indicate Liz stand there ) harry yeah , you and the rest of the class . every one be busy with Liz . liz ( grow impatient ) Peter ? a hand reach in and smack she bottom . flash hiya , cupcake ... liz ( elbow he affectionately ) flash ...! they kiss and walk away . harry ( sneering ) and flash be the busy of they all ... peter ( disappointed ) come on , Harry ... we will be late for octavius . harry make a gesture dismiss ock as crazy . harry ock be nut , do not you agree ? peter ock be a genius , Harry . crazy , yes ! but , a genius misunderstand , and unappreciate . int . cyclotron area hallway - day it be a basement hallway full of locker which student be bang open and shut as they put stuff in and take stuff out . in they midst , a man be bang on the door mark " cyclotron room - authorize personnel only ! " Professor rosomorf , sixtish , respectable , a good old fashioned professor , he 's the head of the physics dept . with he be alexander thorkel , a 40 - ish , waspish school administrator . for a scientist as crazily focus as ock , thorkel be a natural enemy . roz ( knock furiously ) Doctor octavius ! you be late for you lecture . the student be wait . Doctor octavius ! thorkel you friend be impossible Professor rosomorf , I tell the board we should let he go . the light above thorkel 's head explode . then all the light behind he explode in succession . thorkel and roz look amaze ... thorkel what 's he do in there , not he crazy experiment again . roz you mean he anti-force theory ... one day they will give he the Nobel Prize for it . thorkel meanwhile he be demolosh we university . octavius !! ( knock ) open the door . int . ock' lab ock the anti-force experiment have now reach the limit of electronic overload safety . therefore , Weiner , you will disconnect the overload safety device ... four waldos ( three -finger , snake - like mechanical arm ) suddenly thrust themselves into the chamber and begin work , each at a different task . ock be a acknowledge master at manipulate this waldos . he flick a switch and a searing blue - white beam lance down from a focus cone and strike a gram weight mark , " 1,000,000 " ) , illuminate it and fill we ear with a split buzz tone . the knock on the door grow louder . weiner come up behind ock . weiner whoa , Doc ... someone 's at the door ... ock ( ignore ) World class scientific mind and they stick I in the basement with this third rate cyclotron ... insert : the dial mark " relative gravity " read " 1,000,000 " but suddenly it snap to " 0.999999 ! " ock okey ! dokey ! the weight begin to jiggle and , for a instant , it appear to lift ever so slightly . int . college physics lab - day this be a enormous room , 100 lab table . the yellowing smoke of a thousand experiment hang in the air . a huge american flag dominate the back wall . peter , harry and liz set up they table . flash read the DAILY bugle sport section . peter can not take he eye off liz . when she look back he look down at he gear . liz ( softly ) what be it , Peter ? peter ( embarrassed ) it 's nothing . int . ock' lab weiner open the door and see roz and thorkel wait impatient . weiner yes , gentleman can I help you ? thorkel tell you boss , that he class be wait . weiner ( look ) you better tell he yourself . thorkel look at roz who wave he shoulder , then the both call . roz &amp ; thorkel Professor octavius !! Professor ock turn and look at the bewilder man . ock gentlemen , come , you must see this . roz but , you student ... ock the imbecile can wait ... I have better thing to do than teach introductory physics rosomorf . undergrad be kindless adolescence . thorkel you see he be impossible . ock thorkel you be the dummiest administrator we university have ever have . ( thorkel turn to go ) do not go thorkel !! come ! look ! he start to play he machine handle and button . thorkel the university pay you to teach something to you student . int . college physics lab - day liz well , do you mean nothing ... or do you mean something but you will not tell I what it be ? peter ( regain ) I mean plain nothing . liz well , I guess that 's about as nothing as you can get ... plain nothing . a beat . peter Liz ...! liz ahh , it be something . peter no ... look . the equipment on she table be start to vibrate . they look at it , curiously . we hear the cyclotron 's whine begin to build ... int . cyclotron room - day everything be shaking like in a earthquake ... roz and thorkel seem to dance in they place go crazy with anger and surprise . the whine be deafen ! the light be blind ! weiner have he eye close and he hand over he ear . ock I be go for 20 percent power ! thorkel no !! do not do that ... roz ock ! its dangerous ... thorkel ock I warn you ... weiner cross himself . the console erupt in spark . int . electrical conduit montage - day we follow the electrical overcharge as it crackle along the wire and cable inside the wall and floors . it be make its way up to the lab ! int . lab - day all the kid be now try to hold onto they vibrate equipment . the charge crackle up a wire and erupt at liz' table . a breaker explode in flame . there be a outburst of ad lib : " Fire ! " " everybody out ! " thorkel ( come run he be shabby and bewilder ) see liz trap behind the fire which be grow from second to second . thorkel keep calm , everybody keep calm . use the front door . everybody out the front . peter Liz ! come on ...! liz I can not . help I ! peter I be come ! he wade into the fire , but be beat back by the flame . his sleeve be on fire . he pat it out . liz Peter ! flash appear and try to help but thorkel stop he . thorkel get back , you idiot . you can not go in there ! liz smashes at the window , but this be a inner city school and the window be cover by steel gate . Liz wrap she finger in the gate . liz ( out at the street ) help ! help I ! outside the window the air be clear and people come and go . some be stop to look up at the girl on the second floor who scream ( but they can not hear , of course ) down at they as the flame close in behind she . peter come fly in with a FIRE extinguisher . he fumble with it . flash push thorkel , grab the extinguisher away from he with a scowl of disdain . liz turn to face the flame . suddenly there be a eruption of co2 cloud and the roar of a FIRE extinguisher . the flame be beat down enough for she to leap out . flash be there , hold the extinguisher . people cheer . peter thanks for you help flash . flash no problem wimp . peter we hero have a real way with word . liz oh , why do not you grow up . peter be stung , insulted , turn away . rosomorf peep in , worried -- face thorkel . thorkel this man will bring a disaster upon this university . ock come in , start he lecture calmly as if nothing have happen . ock the universe be make up of force ... and counter - force . Science be the study of the force ! flash hand the extinguisher to peter . liz embrace flash , throw a glimpse at peter who try so bravely . he look away and turn the last of the extinguisher on the last of the FIRE . ock ( continue without a hitch ) but I ... Professor otto octavius ... have devote my life to the study of the counter - force ! good job , Peter . peter ( take place at lab table ) thanks , Professor . thorkel have walk slowly and uncomprehendingly toward the front of the huge lab . he simply cannot believe ock be behavior . thorkel I do not believe it , I simply do not ... ock can we carry on Mr. thorkel . thorkel I do not believe ... oh , all right carry on Professor . ock well ! this week my dear student I have make a stun breakthrough ... thorkel wait a minute , wait a minute ... you have get fire form to fill out , Dr. octavius . ock I have no time for form , or administrator who persist in interrupt I , Mr. thorkel . thorkel steam out and bang shut the door . ock I now believe its possible that this counter force can be ... collect ... the way the magnify glass collect the sunlight ... and focus into a hard beam I call ... Weiner ! weiner back away from the blackboard to reveal a word that ock have scrawle in large letter . it say " anti - Force . " ock I call it , the anti-force ! ock be plugging a huge cable into a small lucite BOX with a silver ball inside it . ock ( continue as he work ) this anti-force , once harness , be capable of undoing any natural force at which it be aim ... for instance ... ( look up maniacally ) gravity ! liz scribbles down a note and mouth the word " gravity . " then she turn to peter . liz ( whisper ) I be sorry ... peter it 's alright . ock be " play " he computer like the phantom of the Opera at the organ . ock we patch in the cyclotron ... the light flicker and go dim . ock pay no attention to the light ... I of course steal its energy , and it loose power . we patch in the cyclotron ... and we gradually apply power . the power that I be steal ... as the whine build in the lab ... ock peer through the lucite BOX at we , distort by it . the BOX be a miniature version of the cyclotron 's experimental chamber , and now the blue - white glow begin . it crackle round the silver ball . ock and so we stand , four square against the fundamental force that order and maintain we universe ... gravity ... which be hold down this goddamn ball . rise ! the light go totally dark . the kid react with whoops and catcall . harry what a crock ... peter shut up Harry ... this be very interesting . ock Mr. parker ! have you some ... interesting observation you would like to share with the class ? peter no sir ... ock then shut up ! and pay some attention to the experiment . ock peer at we through the lucite BOX as the silver ball begin to rise . ock be face be ecstatic . ock rise ! rise !!! the silver ball suddenly shoot up , shatter the top of the box . it fly up to the ceiling where it shatter a light fixture . the shard rain down on ock who reach out and catch the fall ball and scale it in a raise fist . ock now that 's what I call a experiment ! the cyclotron whine cut out and ock wheel to the computer . he hit a key and several colored projection beam lance out of the back of the room . they pierce the smoke and light a projection display in the front . two colored sphere one , yellow , one blue touch where they circumference meet . behind they be a black depiction of " space " . ock you be look at a representation of two universe . we Blue one . we real universe ... something we can touch and feel and see and draw calculation about . this be we . the yellow universe ... this be something else . some other dimension ... something ... on the other side ! ock hit another computer key and a hole appear where the two sphere touch . the blue and the yellow marbleize with each other . the color swirl until both sphere be bright GREEN . ock if it be possible to generate enough power behind it , the anti-force could wipe out not just gravity ... but all we universal force at the same time . in effect ... it would blast a hole between this universe and the next . each ... ( indicate green sphere ) would flow into each other . no blue universe . no yellow . end , finish , over . liz ( with a student 's ear ) that sound like a scenario for the end of the world . ock my girl , it be ! it be . it would mean wiping out everything that 's know ... and let in everything that 's unknown . flash be not that a little dangerous ? ock do not worry yourself , true inter - dimensional penetration be still purely theoretical , but one day ... maybe very near ... maybe in the 21st century ... int . basement hallway - day peter , liz , flash and harry all take book from they locker . liz ( whisper to Peter ) look , it 's just ... I do not know ... when you and flash go after each other like that ... peter ( whisper ) he 's not my type . liz he do not have to be . peter check . liz and besides , he 's not all bad . peter look at flash who 's a few locker down . flash have take a football from he locker and be spin it on he finger with great joy and concentration . peter you do not get nickname flash because you be a rocket scientist , Liz . liz give it up , parker . you would die for a nickname like flash . peter yeah , of embarrassment . kim come by and lean seductively by she locker . kim be a ripe one and hot-hot-hot ! kim ( teasing ) hey , flash ... I be scalping a pair of the Midnight madness wrestling Match tomorrow night . flash the slammy ??? I would kill for that !!! kim would you pay $ 125 ? flash well , uh , I ... gee ... if ... can I tell you tomorrow ? kim ( move on ) you snooze , you lose . hiya Liz ... liz Kim , you know Peter and Harry ? this be my new roommate ... Kim nickson . kim be pull she pet , a foot long salamander , out of she locker . she wrap it around she neck and turn to the boy . they go bug-ey ! kim ( interested ) hellooo , Peter . peter ( embarrassed ) hi ... liz we be go to the Student reunion meeting . you come ? Peter look at kim . wow . then he look at liz who 's adjust herself in a small mirror . harry jab he in the rib . yeah , yeah ! peter ( frustrated ) I can not ... I gotta go over to the Daily bugle . I be try to sell some photo . kim soooh , a photographer ...? peter just a amateur . well ... nice meeting you , Kim . kim yeah ... I bet it would be . harry can I be you date for the reunion shooshoo ? kim no jerk ! harry ( she turn to go ) what do I say ... liz it 's not what you say , it 's how you say it , shooshoo ! everybody leave and Harry be leave alone , he throw he bag down . harry damn ! peter turn to go and come face to face with the hulk weiner . weiner Peter , Doc ock want to see you . peter about my data I bet . weiner I do not know . peter he know about my work on the planetary conjunction , do not he ? weiner ( lie ) I do not know . int . control room - day peter enter wide - eye behind weiner . this place be a far cry from the experiment in the lab room . it 's a fantastic netherworld to which no undergrad gain entrance . no one but peter . ock be sit in a swivel chair with he back to peter . he have the look of Captain nemo in he nautilus . this be ock be domain . peter hello , Professor octavius . ( no response ) I really admire you experiment . ock ( back to Peter ) we have a lot of interest in common , Peter . perhaps we should put we head together , if you know what I mean ... peter ( flatter ) that would be ... great . ock ( turn with a smile ) now you take the planetary conjunction . this Saturday night we will witness saturn , Jupiter , the Moon , the Earth , the Sun ... all in a row . never see within the memory of man , or measure for its effect . the total gravitational force must be quite exceptional . be not that the subject of you paper ...? peter yes sir , I have work out a new way to calculate the combine gravitational effect . ock I be a busy man , Mr. parker . but I think I could find the time to go over it with you . make sure it all ... check out . peter well ... I be sort of work with Professor rosomorf and he suggest we kind of keep it between we . he think that my theory be ... well , I do not know ... ock ( to himself ) the scoundrel ... ( turn angry ) I want to see that data , Peter ! peter but Professor octavius ... if I know you be interested ... sorry , I have already give it to ... Professor rosomorf , and he be after all the head of we physics Department ... and I could not ... ock turn sweet again . he smile too broadly . ock well , I be certain something can be work out . run along , young man . peter begin to leave . ock just a minute ... how about if I show you my discovery ... something I never show to any other student ... as a matter of fact to anybody at all . peter well I be really flatter , I mean I would love to ... but I ... ock very well shall we say if you come here tonight ... peter but Professor I do not now if I should ... ock make it eight sharp ... I will be wait for you ... right here ... Peter look worried then leave . ock turn to weiner who slouches against the wall smile . ock the same academic world that 's so keen to embrace that boy 's undergraduate work , ridicule my anti-force theory as quackery . I ask you , Weiner ... what be we society come to ? ha ! weiner they be all a bunch of brainless asshole , that 's what I say ... ock Weiner ! go get I that boy 's data ! weiner cost you fifty buck . ock ( Weiner hiss ) just get it . we will negotiate you fee when you have the data , alright Weiner ? ext . DAILY bugle - day establish as art deco build well beyond its prime . a sign say : " the Daily bugle . " Peter enter the building . jameson ( v.o. ) garbage ! absolute , 100 % garbage ! int . jameson' office - day very forty , very messy . J. jameson scan some photo as peter stand helplessly by . jameson bag lady . I hate bag lady . peter yes , sir . jameson be 50ish , grey at the temple , brush cut on top . he too be forty . his chew up cigar be forty . this guy be a hard case . jameson ( look at the other photo ) Little kid ... I hate little kid . this be a daily newspaper . we need news value photograph , not artsy - fartsy shit ! peter yes , sir . jameson come to a picture of a business suite man with a mohawk . peter smile in anticipation . jameson kid ? you want a pro 's assessment ? peter yes , sir ! jameson ( hand photo back ) you photo suck . ( cigar for emphasis ) parker , my reader be moron . I gotta grab they by the eye . every time you press the button of that Nikon of yours it cost you fifty - five cent . so the next time you be about to take the plunge , ask yourself , be I take dog bite man ? because if you be ... peter I know , I know . you want man bite dog ... jameson parker , this be the post modern 20th century . I want man eat dog ! get out ! ext . STREET - day a seedy east village walk up . Peter take he camera and take various shot of a wino . all in . he climb the stair to he building , look through the mail , he collect from a beat down mailbox . peter ( read ) Rent ! Rent , more bill , rent ... electricity , bill ... int . peter' apartment - day a one-room , shabby roof apartment , a chaos of book and papers . a photo enlarger and darkroom bath in kitchen pot ; 8x10s tack to the wall ; a spare camera and lense . self - consciously wacky kitsch ; plastic dinosaur , wind - up toy , a stuff carp . a unmade bed and a 50' dinette set be the only furniture . a grimy skylight lead to the roof . it 's not a pretty place , but it have personality . a voice from the kitchen , a shadow of a intruder , be sneaking around . peter there 's nothing in there worth steal ! may ( v.o. ) ( from within the kitchen ) that 's the understatement of the year . peter aunt May , you be trespasp . may ( come in ) I be just so desperately bored ... I think I would come over and make you dinner ... peter I be old enough to ... to make my own -- may but I do not feel like get to know you roach . peter I will introduce you . may oh . and that foul chemical in the pot ... peter I take picture , remember ? may anyway , I have decide to kidnap you for dinner in Forest Hills ... she grab she coat , cross back to Peter and tug on he shoulder . peter it 's Friday night ... may yes . do you have a date ? peter no . may then come on . int . large computer lab - night it be dark and empty except for computer . sitting at it , light by the glow of its screen , be solomon rosomorf ( roz ) . as he work , a door open behind he . someone walk quietly through the lab . rosomorf keep work . the intruder approach ... thorkel ( at he ear ) Professor rosomorf , what happen here ? roz someone try to rob I of some paper ... I suspect they be look for that one . thorkel what be it ? roz ( unruffled ) Award win stuff . ( turn slightly ) Peter parker 's data on the planetary conjunction . damn lucky I hide it in my computer under another title . thorkel my God , what 's go on in we school ? first Professor octavius almost blow up the physics lab ... now this . you report it in triplicate , of course . roz thorkel , be careful when you talk to octavius . remember ... the man be a very fragile genius . one day he will bring we all the Noble Prize . thorkel rosomorf , the man be a very dangerous crackpot ! off screen the voice of the cyclotron whine begin to build . roz that 's he again . he 's work day and night . thorkel I tell you the man be very dangerous . ( the whine grow louder ) come on rosomorf , let 's stop he before this building will explode . int . cyclotron room - night ock and weiner be at work as before . ock take no notice of the two men who come in , nor the worker who come in behind they and set to work attach a big lock to the door . thorkel shut it down , octavius . ock ignore he . weiner touch ock be shoulder . ock ignore he too . thorkel you have blow half the circuit in the Science Center . ock call a electrician . thorkel I have call the locksmith . ock what ... what be he do . he point toward the worker who 's work on the lock on the main door . thorkel we have to shut you lab down and take a look at the line . roz please , otto , we must lock it up . ock ( to thorkel ) you be deny I access to my cyclotron ?! thorkel you bet . ock glare back and forth between the two men , the worker , and weiner . then he pull back the red power throttle . the whine descend . the waldos pull back and dangle from they panel . the whine die . ock ( contemplate ) okey , dokey ... just give I till tomorrow . I want to clean up my papers . tomorrow ... ha ... tomorrow you can have this room ... roz oh ... well thorkel ... few more hour will not make a difference . thorkel I hope . he signal to the worker to stop . int . apartment of aunt may and uncle BEN - night the n.y. Met be play baseball on t.v. peter watch with he uncle BEN , a paunchy 65 year old in polyester slack and a comfy old sweater . a n.y. met cap be perch on BEN be head . a Beer can be in he hand . a cluttere but familiar live room sprawl comfortably around they . BEN another brewski ? peter no , I be fine , uncle Ben . BEN ( at t.v. ) yah ! Way to do it . alright ! ( to Peter ) you do not follow the Met like you use to , do you , Pete ? peter no , not so much anymore . BEN funny . when you Mom and dad , uh , pass away ... I have this idea ... I want you to be the best baseball player that ever be . geez , what ever happen to that ? peter Little league . BEN ( soft and warm ) yeah ... Babe Ruth you be not . aunt may enter . aunt may it 's on the table ! turn off the tv ! BEN nod , rise sluggishly and slowly , and turn the sound off only . peter move toward he aunt in the doorway . aunt may how 's that girl you tell we about , Peter ? peter Liz ? she 's great ... but she have a boyfriend . int . the dine room - night peter pass aunt may and take he seat . aunt may a boy you age should have a girlfriend . peter aunt May ... she have a steady boyfriend . aunt may Peter , any girl that 's worth you attention be of course gonna have a boyfriend ... but if she really get to know what you have to offer she will ... you get my drift ? BEN look , just leave he alone , okay . when he 's ready for girl he will be a holy terror . ( wink ) it 's in the blood . ( now serious business ) lookit , how be you fix for money , Pete ? maybe I can help you out a little . peter ( lie to they ) no , I be alright . my scholarship cover almost everything , and I sell some photo here and there . today my physics professor ask for some of my work ... he want to study my data . they might publish my work in the science magazine ... that will bring I some money ... BEN ( practically cheer ) publish you work ?! you hear that May ...? peter ( embarrassed laugh ) yeah , in fact I have to leave a little early tonight , to meet Professor octavius ... he offer I to be he assistant ... BEN whoa ! do you hear that May ...? aunt may oh , Peter , you promise you would spend the night ... peter I ... I can not , aunt May . Professor octavius want to discuss my new finding . aunt may ( disappointed ) Peter , what you should be find ... be a nice girlfriend . int . basement cyclotron room - night weiner be eat a large sandwich and a drink a coke . ock I will show they ... close the cyclotron on I ... Weiner ! weiner yes , Professor ... ock where be he ? it 's ten past eight o'clock ... a knock weiner ( with mouth full ) that must be he . he open the door . peter good evening . ock you be late . ( to Weiner ) Weiner , go outside and get we something to eat . and do not steal it ! just buy it . I will reimburse you . weiner ( to Peter ) do you want anything parker ? peter no thank you , I just have dinner at my aunt 's ... ock piss off , Weiner ! weiner leave . peter wander around . he go into the experimental chamber , he overlook the spider which be scuttling away and crawl inside the open window ... and into the chamber . ock okey , dokey , parker ... how would you like to take Weiner 's place ... I mean , be my assistant ? peter well , Professor , that would be a great honor , but I be already work with ... ock rosomorf ... that imbecile . do not you understand , kid , that I be about to uncover the great discovery since Einstein come up with he theory of relativity ... the " anti-force . " peter wow ! the theory of the anti-force ! you should go for the Noble Prize Professor ... ock Noble shmoble , I be go for a much bigger prize kid . okey , dokey . let I show you , kid , what I get here . ock begin the experiment . we move in past the shattered window . we see the spider crawl on the chamber 's gear . ock present maximum anti-force power to date be 38 percent of theoretical limit . I have patch in the variable particle - wave accelerator ... ( shrug ) I will now try to reach 50 % power ... ( big breath ) and if you paper have any value ... I can use it to get the power I be miss to create the anti-force , to break through and beat any other form of power in we or any other universe , capish ! peter sorry , Professor , I can not do it . I give my word to Professor rosomorf . ock be angry ... ock now see the spider . he shoot out a waldo to try and crush it but the spider be too fast . the waldo slam against the wall of the chamber . he start to push every button or switch in sight . a deafen whining start . a urgent warning tone cause ock to look at the " relative gravity " dial . it be at " 4.999999 kg " but suddenly the number start to tumble rapidly . insert : the glow 5 kg weight . insert : the power dial inch toward 50 % power ! ock ( scream ) 50 percent ... anti-force ... 50 percent ... that 's all I be miss ! parker , we can be rich together ! peter sorry ... I would better go now . ock ( really angry now ) you will be sorry , parker . peter leave . another urgent warning tone cause ock to look at the monitor screen . on it , flash red , be the word , " overload ! " ock push the red power throttle forward ! the whine increase to a pulse and throb . int . experimental chamber - night incredibly light , the spider be drop on it 's shimmer web-strand down toward the 5 kg weight which now glow in time with the throb and pulse . int . the control room - night the monitor be flash " maximum overload - shut down ! " ock continue with the experiment . and then he see the spider ! ock you ! get out of there , you creep ... he try to shove the spider with he hand . int . experimental chamber - night through the blue - white we can barely make out ock on the other side if the shattered window . he send two waldos after the spider . the spider evade he and jump onto the professor 's back . it then climb onto the professor 's neck and bite he . ock ( anguish ) noooooooooooo ! the gravity dial go to .000001 , then pop back up as ock be tiny world go berserk . dial spin , crack , explode or droop liquidly . wire dance on the console which erupt like the 4th of JULY . ock begin to float . his shirt begin to tear away . a dial float by with its pull wire undulate like a Medusa . waldos smash through the wall and flail like snake . ock' yellow thermos distort and explode ! ock , he hair wild , face lock in a multi - G grimace , be pin halfway up a wall that be shower the room with SPARKS . ock ( ecstasy above the din ) it 's a energy storm ! okey ! dokey ! we see clearly the spider still stick to he neck . the big beast buffet and shake . tube , junction , valve and what not fall off , crash to the floor where they twitch and writhe with a life of they own . then , a enormous explosion rip a large hole in the cyclotron 's side , send debris and a hundre micro - stream of electronic particle lancing in we direction . int . basement hallway - night ultimate weirdness ! the pulsing blue - white light penetrate first the door of the cyclotron room and then the very wall ! locker bang , lamp pop , the ceiling sag in a surreal , rubbery way . the wall sag too ! the cyclotron sign pivot and embed itself in a wall . a ladder sink in the wall . the blue - white light dance wildly about in pulse . then , suddenly , it stop ... dead silence . weiner come run in hold a double decker sandwich and a large bottle of pepsi . Weiner enter ock be lab , sing , not at first notice what 's go on . suddenly he stop dead . int . cyclotron room - night a scene out of dali 's surrealistic canvas . there be thing inside of other thing . dial look like dali watch . this place have be ripple to the max ! ock lay face up , unconscious on the floor , a waldo across he chest . the spider be weaving its web . camera slowly down to see ock . pipe and wire be stick to he body . the waldo seem to be wrapping he . he wake up to see that mechanical arm bury in he body . they weave around he as if they be look for prey . he try to tear they out , but they seem to be a part of he body , like he other limb . he scream . suddenly Weiner see ock . weiner Professor ... what happen to you ? what do you do ... suddenly one of the waldo hit he so strongly that he fly back and out through the door to the corridor . int . basement hallway - night weiner oh my God ... what happen here ... he hear the police siren approach , he run away . weiner I better get out of here . ext . the empire university - night the long scream segues to a police siren . a cop car pull to a halt in front of the college . many nypd car be already there , along with a nuclear regulatory van , some ambulance , a van from the environmental protection agency and two tv van . roz run across the lawn . police struggle to hold back the crowd of press , student and general gawker . J. jameson push to the front of the mob in time to see two cop hustle a bugle photographer back into it . the man shake he head . jameson throw down he cigar , stomp it , and pull out a fresh one . thorkel arrive to address the crowd . thorkel ( through bull horn ) there be no danger . please go back to you dorm . I repeat , there be no danger . jameson ( approach he ) spill it out , Professor ! the public want to know ! the crowd close on thorkel . thorkel who be you ? jameson jameson , Daily bugle , Chief editor , now what really happen here ? thorkel there will be a press announcement in the morning Mr. jameson ... now if you will excuse I . this elicit a flood of ad lib : " I hear a terrible explosion ? " " nuclear accident ? " " meltdown ? " " genetic engineering ? " " be you guy make mutant in there ? " thorkel I have nothing to say ... there will be a announcement . now , please go home ... everybody ... we must clear the grounds ... in the back of the crowd be peter , harry , liz , flash and kim . flash you think they will cancel class ? harry they must ... the whole building must be contaminate with some kind of poisonous gas . peter how about nuclear contamination ? kim my God ... let beat it . but nobody move . liz ( more interested in other thing ) could anyone be in there , Peter ? peter ( concerned ) I do not know ... maybe Professor octavius . he usually work late ... flash that nut , I bet it be all he do ... jameson ( see Peter ) hey parker ! Peter parker ! peter push forward . peter Mr. jameson ! what be you do here ? what 's go on ? jameson that 's for they to know , and for you to find out . peter but sir , they would not tell we . you hear thorkel ... he say ... jameson a press announcement tomorrow ...! but we must know tonight parker . this be you university , right ... peter yes , but ... jameson you get you camera ? peter sure , but I can not -- jameson a hundred dollar say you can ? peter yes sir ! jameson get inside and get picture , fifty buck . peter you just say a hundred . jameson seventy , but I want blood and gore . peter ( call back ) seeya guy . he dash off . flash shake he head in dismay at this guy . liz where be he go ? jameson to make fifty buck . ext . science CENTER - night peter approach a cyclone fence keep low and out of sight . he leap it like a skirmisher but fail ignominiously in a heap . he 's tear he pant and cut he leg . he move to the side of the building . a dumpster sit next to a FIRE door . it 's lock . as peter mull over he next move , the lock click and the door slowly open . peter leap on the dumpster ... and fall in . int . dumpster - night peter lay in the garbage , a pain look on he face . he roll over and come face to face with a wet DAILY bugle . the headline read , " Wave of violence rip City ! " he pull himself up and peer out . he see a uniformed guard hold the door open for three men in radiation suit who remove some weirdly fuse object . when they let the door swing close , peter stop it by insert the newspaper in the top . ext . FIRE door - night peter squeeze inside and jump to knock out the newspaper . the door close behind he . int . basement hallway - night skew , strange , surreal , peter stare at the weirdness and fumble with he camera . he snap off a few shot , then freeze when he hear a familiar voice . roz ( v.o. ) ( filter through face mask ) take it easy . take it easy with he . thorkel ( v.o. ) take he away and never bring he back ! now we see roz and thorkel follow 2 guard carry ock in a stretcher . they all wear radiation suit . a waldo sneak out from under the sheet and hit thorkel , as fast as lightning . he fall back . he 's cover with a sheet and attach to life support equipment . octavius moan . thorkel what be that ? roz what be what ? thorkel what hit I ? roz what hit you ? thorkel I do not know . it be so fast . roz you be go to be fine , otto . peter get off a shot and duck into the men' room leave the door ajar for a peak . a waldo slip down from the sheet . peter be eye go wide at the sight . what in the hell have happen here ? int . men' room - night the urinal be twisted in bizarre shape . pipe be expose and spout water . the mirror look like something out of a funhouse . peter hear the stretcher go by . peter go to the door of ock' Lab and crack it . pan up to the spider , glowing softly , dangle from a shimmering strand above peter . as peter look out at the stretcher , the spider drop on he neck . he react by swatting it away . bad move . the glowing spider now squat malevolently on the back of peter 's hand . he stare at it transfix . it bite . peter ow !!! peter throw the spider to the ripply tile floor where it scuttle unsteadily out the door . sweat start to bead on peter be face . he shake he head to clear it . his vision become uncertain . he lurch against a weird sink . peter' Pov be not just uncertain , not just fuzzy , not just move in and out anamorphically . it 's all of that ! guard ( v.o. ) ( heavily distort ) hey ! what be you do here , kid ? peter turn to see a uniformed guard distort by he crazy vision . peter I feel a little funny ... guard ( heavily distort ) yeah ? well , I be not laugh . get out ... just get out of here ... ext . FIRE door - night it bang open . the guard throw peter out and then throw he back pack at he . guard ( still distort ) you get yourself over to the Police line . peter ( ultra wooz ) right . Police line . ext . university - night peter meld into the crowd . as in a dream , jameson appear at he side . jameson ( distort ) okay , scoop , whaddaya get ? peter I ... get picture of the Professor ... in there ... it 's so strange in there ... so bizarre ... jameson ( wink ) good job , kid . bizarre be what we need . pick this up in the morning . ( hold up he camera ) there will be two crisp twenty tuck inside . he hurry off . peter peer after he and all of a sudden he vision correct to a perfect focus . the sweat be go . he 's okay . he make he way through the crowd to the street . we track with peter as the mad throng recede behind he . he turn a corner . he hear a siren . a ambulance screech around the corner . it nearly hit peter who leap to avoid it . ext . brick build - night peter be cheek be press against the brick . he open he eye and see that he 's hang onto the side of the building like a spider . and he 's three storey up ! he look down and see the street thirty foot below he ! and the ambulance which he jump over be drive away . he try a downward step , but a brick dislodge and crash to the sidewalk . he take a upward step . and then another . tentatively at first , and then with grow confidence , he " crawl " to the roof of the building . at the top he grope for a railing and slip . he dangle eight storey above the street . then , with a grunt , he vault to the roof one-hand . ext . the roof - night peter be flat on he back , stare at the star . he sit up and look wonderingly at he hand . on the back of he right hand be two puncture wound surround by a faint blue - white pulsing glow . the glow disappear . peter ( mutter to himself ) this be weird . my God , I feel so weird ... he leap to he foot . he flexe . feel weird . good weird . in fact , great weird ! he try a couple of " jump jack " and on the third jump he soar into the air ! peter ( exhilated ) very weird . the great , bespangle , new york CITY be he backdrop as peter jump and turn and do loop in the air . with the agility and tactility of a spider , peter leap from the railing to a wall to a flag pole to another wall where he land sideways and stick . peter ( sideways ) very , very weird . he leap off the wall and land at the edge of the roof . he look down . no one 's look back . so , he take a step back and leap the alley to the next roof . ext . rooftop shack - night peter land on it . the next roof be seven storey up and across the street . peter bite he lip . peter well , what the hell !! ext . the taller build - night backlit by a full moon , peter somersault to the roof of the taller building , and miss the top ! he stick to the brick facade , upside down ! he laugh with the moment . a window open below he and a pretty blonde in a towel stick she head out . she look this way and that , and all she see be a man in a loud sportcoat down the street . never think to look up , she withdraw into the room . ext . chelsea STREET - night the man in the loud sportcoat lean against a lamp post and light a cigarette with a beat up , silver plate lighter . in the lighter he see a reflection of peter leaping off the taller building . he snap around and look up in time to see peter make it to the next facade . ext . rooftop montage - night with the uptown skyline behind he , peter cast caution to the wind and leap from rooftop to rooftop . watch from the street , the man in the loud sportcoat follow peter be progress . peter leap to a brownstone and land amid the wash . he leap up to a tenement and land on a billboard across which he do a " bug crawl " and leap again . he touch down on a pigeon coop and bound up and out of frame again . the coop owner , a latino in a undershirt and a yankee cap , come run out of the coop . he 's so surprised that he leave the door open and twenty white morning dove fly away in a furious flap , free at last . the latino let out a stream of Hispanic expletive complete with all the appropriately obscene gesture . peter slide down a cable to a lamp post , and swirl down the pole to a phone booth . ext . phone booth - night peter come face to face with the man in the loud sportcoat . he give peter he card . reiss you be a kid who 's go place , and I be gonna point you the right way . peter ( read card ) Max reiss , model , strip dancer , escort girl , blue movie ... reiss oops ... sorry , wrong card . ( exchange card ) peter Max reiss , talent management . reiss it 's a big outfit . get a lot of department . peter yeah ... well ... why you approach I ? I be not ... reiss oh yes you be ... very talented . the three question of show business success . one do you think you possess a unique talent ? peter well ... reiss two ... what be you gonna do with it ? peter ( not a clue ) well ... I do not know . reiss ( the clincher ) Three ... how much money you get in you pocket ? peter ten . reiss you invest half of that with I and I will make you a star . peter ( laugh ) what be you talk about ? reiss I be talk about fame . I be talk about fortune . I be talk about the chance of a lifetime . how would you like to be on MTV tomorrow night ? peter MTV ...? me? really ? reiss taxi ! it screech to a stop . peter hey ! reiss ( get in ) kid ! tomorrow night . same place , same time . peter ( call after ) how do you know I will show up ? as the taxi roar off ... reiss ( from the taxi window ) because you wanna be a star ... everybody do . peter pull out a quarter . and enter a phone booth . he dial . peter hello ? aunt May ? aunt may ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Peter ? what time be it ? be you alright ? peter well , no , I mean yeah I be fine , but listen ... aunti , the craziest thing happen to I tonight . int . / ext . phone booth / aunt may' bedroom - night as uncle BEN stir fitfully aunt may ( lovingly ) do this have to do with a certain girl we talk about at dinner ? peter no , no , look , there be this radioactive experiment ... I be poison ! aunt may you be what ? peter I be bitten by a bug . aunt may oh ! I get it , you mean a love bug . peter no ... no ... a spider ... aunt may Peter , do you at least talk to she ? peter aunt May , listen to I . I get bitten on the hand ... by a poisonous spider . aunt may she bit you ? peter no . I be in the bathroom and ... aunt may oh , you do it in the bathroom ? Peter , this be craziness , why do not you use you bed ? you be up all night . you be in the radioactive lab . you never take time to eat or sleep . be I right ? peter yes , aunt May . int . phone booth - night aunt may ( v.o. ) do you eat something today ? peter yes , aunt May . aunt may ( v.o. ) okay , Peter go back to bed , and remember we love you . peter and I love you too , aunt May . ( hang up ) and by the way , I get a mess of super power today . exit booth . he bang the phone booth . go out and -- jump lightly onto the phone booth roof . int . hospital operating room - night ock be prepped for surgery . gowned personnel hurry about with a feverish urgency . the chief surgeon check the sensor attach to ock be head . this seasoned professional be astonished and frighten . chief surgeon ( whisper ) look at this brainwave reading . the mental activity be ten time of any normal man ...! brainman ( whisper ) equipment malfunction ...? chief surgeon ( whisper ) Hell , yeah ... his. ( check ock 's chest ) my God ... I think I would see everything ... surgeon # 2 ( whisper ) but this be beyond medicine . this be madness ...! ock lay bare chest , face up , all four waldos splay . he be a true cyborg . part man , part machine . part organic , part molybdenum steel . nurse ( lean in , blitze ) it be so freaky ... chief surgeon ( stern for the staff 's sake ) okay , let stop yakking and get crack . I want to go in at the upper thoracic . then we will work we way around . ( slap ock 's shoulder ) hang in there , man . insert : the waldo nearest the slap move ever so slightly . the triangular claw rotate a quarter turn and then turn back . the nurse see it and scream . chief surgeon ( glare ) nurse ! number seven scalpel . arthroscope stand by . read out parameter in progress . let 's go in . you alright ? nurse yes ... yes , of course . everything 's online . chief surgeon scalpel ! no ... no ... a larger one ... the large we have ! she slap a huge one into he palm . he take a deep breath and go to work . masked head gather round he . the scalpel be poise at the line where skin meet steel . we make a incision . the instrument go crazy . warning bell and buizer sound . head nurse kill the alarm ! brainman he 's go off the chart ! a waldo flash around the steel leg of the operate table and clank tight ! chief surgeon mop. mop ! suture and clamp ! hurry up ! surgeon # 2 we be lose he . defibrillate ! a heart machine be rush in . they work frantically . chief surgeon Zap he ! brainman stabilize alpha wave ... surgeon # 2 apply the cardiac SHOCK pad . int . hospital room - day nurse you have a visitor , Doctor ... she leave ock and thorkel alone . thorkel ( enjoy this ) octavius , I be afraid I have bad news for you . ock the cyclotron be damage ... thorkel what use to be the cyclotron be permanently shut down this afternoon . ock but my work ! thorkel you work be a disaster ! look at yourself ! ock myself ? I do not matter . nobody matter anymore . to enter a new dimension we must first destroy we own ... thorkel what be you say ? ock get off he bed throw away he sheet wave with he 4 waldos and 2 arm . ock destroy life . life be ... insignificant . bag of sleepy , sluggish flesh . what would you say ? thorkel oh , my God , what be that horrible thing stick from you body ? ock ( get more and more excited ) thorkel , if I tell you that for one moment in time I break all the law ! for one brief glorious moment , I break through to the other side . I see ... I feel ... I become creation . thorkel what on Earth be you rambling about ? ock destiny !!! my destiny ! I see it all so clearly now . universal destruction , yes . all I need be the power ... then I can destroy this illusion you call life . it be my destiny to lead we to the light ! thorkel you be a madman . ock and you be a fool . I will end the universe as you know it . and in that final moment ... I will laugh my ass off while you be kissing yours goodbye ! thorkel ( excited ) Goodbye be right , octavius ... you be fire ... sack ... can . you be history , Doctor octavius . and I could not be more pleased to be the first to tell you this good news ... a waldo shoot up and grab thorkel by the throat . he gasp and scream silently as the telescoping waldo lift he off he foot . he rise until he head be just inch from the ceiling . thorkel ( he last word ) let I down ock ... you crazy ... monster ! let I down ! then ock smile and slam thorkel be head through the ceiling . plaster rain down . thorkel be leg scissor and kick and then go limp . ock throw he dead body on to the bed , and cover he with the white sheet . ock okey , dokey . int . taxi - night through the window of the taxi we see madison square garden . as it pull up , a sign read , " Midnight madness ! MTV 's rock and wrestling ' slammy Award ! " the taxi come to a stop . peter ( look up at the sign ) MTV wrestling ?! reiss ( get out ) that 's the place . pay the man . max reiss get out , he be carry a BOX . peter look , Mr. reiss ... I be not real interested in watch a wrestle match . reiss who say anything about watch a wrestle match ? you be here to win a wrestle match ! peter I ? you must be kid . reiss hustle peter inside . reiss you hop around . you know , the way you do last night . you opponent get tired . he fall down . the ref count to three , you win , and we pick up a thousand buck . int . catacomb madison square garden - night we can hear the crowd scream at something in the background as reiss lead peter to a employee washroom and show he the BOX . reiss you be really gonna love this . peter look , really , I do not know ... reiss you do not have to know . I know enough for both of we . ( pause ) Change in there . peter what be this ? reiss a costume ... something that fit you talent . go put it on . I be sure you will like it . he slap the BOX against peter be chest and all but push he inside . int . washroom - night peter take the suit out of the BOX . it be the spider -man suit ! he look at it and shrug . then he begin to struggle into it . peter be look at himself in the mirror . he be dress in all but the mask . and he look terrific ! he flexe . he smoothes he hair . he 's start to get into it . int . the arena - night crusher cole be destroy a opponent . int . the catacomb - night reiss wince as the crowd cheer and boos . peter ( come out ) how do it look ? I feel like it 's Halloween . reiss cover you face with the mask . peter why ? reiss mystery , my friend . nobody should know who you be ... int . the ring - night crusher cole be do a big flex number and the crowd be go wild . there be MTV cameras and sign and banner proclaim the " slammy " everywhere . ring announcer and now , a new challenger , for the thousand dollar fight , weigh in at one hundred and fifty pound ... from part unknown ! here be the amazing ... mysterious ... incredible superman ... reiss ( snort from ringside , hat the name ) no , not superman ... spider - man ... spider-man !!! ring announcer ... spider -man !!!!! the crowd boos the slender newcomer who climb awkwardly through the rope . rock music blare . twin redhead in red bikinis ring a bell . crusher cole and spider -man circle . cole be twice spidey be size . spidey spot a tv camera for the first time . he momentarily freeze . crusher sneer the crusher sneer . then he charge ! with the agility of a spider , spidey leap out of the way . crusher come back at he . spidey leap again , bigger ! the acrobatics get more and more dramatic as crusher cole work himself up into a theatrical rage . taunts erupt from the crowd . old lady kill the sucker , crusher ! spidey , really get into it now , begin play for the cameras . hipster ( between two blond ) whatsamatter , crusher , can not you crush that bug ? crusher ( to spidey ) okay , web face , this be it ! he miss spidey again ! hipster hey , crusher , you need a insecticide ! ( he blond titter ) int . liz / kim' dorm room - night liz be side be all schoolwork . kim be side be all rock poster and stuffed animal . liz be curl up do homework . flash and kim sit on the edge of the bed watch the " slammy " on MTV . flash will you look at this spider - man guy ! he be absolutely incredible ! kim Liz , get a load of this outfit ! I wish I have it for the Halloween party ... it 's quite sexy . liz will you two shush . I be try to work . int . ring - night the match continue in a increasingly spectacular choreography . crusher bellow at the scream crowd . but there 's a gleam in he eye . this be it ! he charge . spidey , play the cameras for all he 's worth , leap way , way up . but this time crusher stop dead in he track . spider -man come back down into a forearm smash that send he reeling into a corner . crusher do a fly pin . 300 pound . womp ! the air leave spidey in a rush as crusher cover he , smother he . the crowd go wild . ref one ...! reiss get up ...! get up ...! ref two ...! not realize he own strength and panicky about be squash , spider -man throw crusher cole off he and up into the air . Way up ! reiss cheer ... spider - man come down and knock crusher for the first time . crusher fly away and out of the arena , eight row back ! the hipster see crusher come at he and bolt from he seat . crusher land on it , in between the two blond who break into utter hysterics . spidey , surprised at he own strength , watch crusher land . spider -man ( whisper to himself ) wow ... ref lady and gentlemen , history be make today , we have here the first man to win a thousand dollar against the mighty crusher . the ref raise he hand in victory . the crowd boos and debris rain down . but some in the crowd cheer wildly , recognize the new sensation . spider -man step down from the right as reiss lead the cheer . peter Max ! be I really gonna get a thousand ... reiss we be go to get a thousand -- peter turn with reiss and come face to face with crusher cole . two ominous beat . crusher hi , who be you , kid ? peter I be Peter parker . reiss he be spider - man , and I handle he ... whenever you want a rematch call I . next time it 's gonna be ten thousand , what do you say ... crusher ? spider -man oh , look , Mr. crusher , I be really sorry about what happen in there . really ... crusher oh , well , I do not know what happen to I tonight ... ( measure he muscle ) I really do not know ... reiss I know ... you lose . Big man you lose to the amazing spider - man . ext . CITY STREET - near a hospital - day we be tight on a new york journal truck . on its side banner be a picture of spider - man be face . headline : " who be he ? mega - smash Hit MTV ! " the truck pull away and we see peter , liz , harry and kim stand on the sidewalk wait to cross . peter be rock on he heel and smirk . peter ( indicate truck ) you know who that be ? liz ( walk ahead ) yeah ... he 's some clown we see on tv last night ... boy do flash think he 's hot . peter he do ... kim I love wrestle . harry wrestling be all bluff . do you really believe this little guy in a stupid spider - man suit beat the crusher ? liz hey , we better rush ... visit hour will be over soon . int . hospital corridor &amp ; room - day the nurse lead peter and liz and harry into the room . nurse Doctor octavius ? you have visitor . Doctor octavius ? we hold for a beat . when liz take a step forward to look around we expect the worst . but nothing grab she . peter see a pile of plaster on the floor . he look up and see the hole in the ceiling . liz and harry look up too . ock be not there . peter ock be not here ! liz my God , what happen ? nurse I would better call the doctor ! harry you would better call the police ! kim scream . int . corridor to ock' lab - day ock , hide he waldos under a white hospital robe . he stall until he reach the door . then one of he waldos peak out and snap open the new lock on the door . int . control room - night ock , in a white hospital robe walk through the surreal debris . two waldos reach out and " sense " the ripple on opposite wall . he run a hand through he hair . ock what a wreck . what a useless , waste wreck . okey , dokey . we rebuild you , my damage darling . bigger , better , hotter ! a world class , super cyclotron ! he hear a noise behind he and react . and here come weiner . bedraggle , shuffle through the control room door . he eyeball the incredible wreckage . weiner there you be , doc ... where have you be ... whoa this place be mess up . ock turn , waldos writhe . weiner see they and kind of duck , remember how he be hit by they once . weiner ( smirk ) whoa , doc ! you look a little mess up yourself . ock where have you be , you imbecile ? weiner I go to the wrestle ... ock wrestling ... weiner I go after the kid . you still want that parker guy 's data , do not you ? ock well , do you get it ? weiner no , I follow he ... but I lose he in the crowd . ock lose he ? you -- weiner I will find he , maestro ... I promise ... soon ... maybe by tomorrow . ock so how be the wrestle ? weiner fantastic ! there be this new wrestler ... beat the mighty crusher . you will not believe it ... a nothing of a guy ... call himself this stupid name ... the amazing spider - man ... would you believe it ? ock spider - man , huh ? well , maybe I will just go and wrestle myself one of this day ... with all my new arm ... I be sure I can beat crusher or any other monster . suddenly ock throw out he waldos from under he long white coat , grab weiner and , lift he up in the air , smile cynically and with cruelty ! ock will I beat he , this crusher , will I beat he or not ? weiner no ... no , please ... I mean yes , yes ... you will beat he easily ... let I down ... please ... I will do anything for you ... ock the parker data ... get I the parker data , you hear ?!!! ext . peter parker' rooftop - day a camera be mount on a tripod face we . a timer wind down and it click . reverse angle - camera' Pov . spider -man be cling to the side of a wall . spider -man and one like this ... ( change pose ) and one look real sincere . the white eye narrow to a slit . click . suddenly he spot weiner climb onto he roof . he hide . weiner tiptoe into the roof apartment . spider -man jump in and grab he . spider -man what be you do here ? weiner I be look for Peter parker . spider-man oh , yes ... so why not use the front door ? spider -man throw he back onto the roof so that he almost slide over the edge . weiner turn , face spider -man . weiner hey , I know you ... spider -man you do ? weiner I see you crush the crusher . spider -man you like wrestle ? spider -man jump and reach weiner . weiner I love it ! you be the best wrestler I have ever see ... please do not hurt I ! spider -man pick up weiner , throw he up to a antenna above the building , to which weiner cling desperately . spider -man circle the antenna . weiner oh , please ... do not kill I . please help I down . spider -man of course I will help you down . I be spider - man ... the good guy , be I not ? weiner yes ... yes , you be . spider -man jump to the chimney , pick weiner up in he arm and whisper to he . spider -man and by the way , Peter parker do not live here anymore ... spider -man jump with weiner in he arm to the edge of the roof . spider -man and tell the Professor he can not have Peter 's data . Goodbye . spider -man drop weiner off the roof , three floor straight down into heavy bush below . int . electrodyne factory shop - day a sign tell we so . a clerk be double check a long list of item ock have order . clerk Holy cow , whattaya building , fella , a cyclotron ? ( ock glare at he ) okay ... let see here . page three . we get 30,000 foot of 50 - gauge copper co-ax ... twin 550 xk transformer ... cadmium accelerator rail , a half dozen ... a gbc relative multi-phase transducer ... and one yellow thermos . ( finish computation ) that will be $ 475,989.65 ... ock wrap it up ... clerk what about the money ... or do you pay by credit card ? ock ( a long beat ) Cash ! I will be back soon . ext . STREET - outside of a bank - back door - night a armore truck roll by and stop . two guard open the Bank 's door . suddenly a waldo smashes through the driver' side window of the armore truck , wrapping around the driver' neck and pull he through the window . the shotgun go for he weapon , but a waldo smashes in and pull the gun out through he window . two waldos shoot out and attach themselves to the rear door . bank guard what 's go on here ? the waldo knock he over . ock rip the door off ! the truck be full of money bag . ock Cash ! int . jameson' office - day a photo assistant look on as jameson go over peter be latest photo . they be he spider - man shot . peter do not he look amazing in that one ? look , he 's fly in the air ! jameson I do not care if he fly to the moon . he 's just another wrestler in a silly costume . look at this , parker , right off the wire . this be the guy who hit that armored truck this morning . they say he have metal arm ... get I a picture of this character ! peter Metal arm ? jameson four of they . peter ock ...?! jameson the web face weirdo ... he be a joke in a Halloween costume ... do not make I laugh . he tear up peter' spidey photo . jameson now get out of here and do not come back without something I can use ! peter yes sir ... ( stop , and turn back ) jameson a mega baloney ... a bug in blue tight ... what next ? peter the Journal say he be a mega-smash on MTV ... int . cyclotron room - night weiner be put on a clown suit . he fastidiously put he ratty jacket on a hanger and hang it on a pipe . the pipe turn into a snake . it be , in fact , a waldo ! ock ( turn from work ) what do you think you be do ? weiner I be go to the masquerade . it 's Halloween tonight Doc , be not you come to the School Ball ? whoa , you could go without a outfit . a waldo whip around weiner be throat ... aarrrgh ! ock you be not go to any ball , clown . you be go to get I Peter parker 's data ... weiner I be almost kill on my last try ... look at all this bruise ... ock I do not care if you come back dead . just get it ! weiner ( croaking ) cost you a thousand buck , if I get it . the waldo coil tighten around weiner be throat . weiner all right ... boss please let go ... p L E a S E ... ock just get it , Weiner . I be run out of time . if you fail I again , you will not have to concern yourself with money anymore ... do you get I clown ?! weiner croak he assent . int . cafeteria - night it be all dress up for a party : light , streamer , glitter ball , the work ! harry be dress as a spaceman ; peter wear he regular clothes . harry you should have wear a costume . I tell you to wear a costume . peter it 's ... embarrassing . harry there 's Liz ... liz be crossing the dance floor dress as a indian princess in a mini - dress . peter yeah ... roz , dress as a cowboy , amble over . roz ... howdy partner . peter / harry hiya , Professor rosomorf . harry any word on Doctor octavius ? roz ( fall in step ) nothing beyond what I read in the papers . I be afraid he 's not the same man we know . you know , I have be digging through the note on he experiment ... peter follow liz with he eye . she take a seat at a table next to kim who wear a harem girl outfit with the salamander around she neck . next to kim be ... spider -man ! peter be eye go wide . roz you boy must have have a extraordinary classroom experience . peter ( eyeing spidey ) yes sir ... oh ... I be go to be a little late with my paper on the planetary conjunction , sir ... roz whenever you be ready ... I will look at it . I know it 's go to be a important work ... and Peter , take my hat . he hand peter a oversize ten gallon hat . roz it be a costume party . peter and harry make they way through the dance floor to the table . peter can not take he eye off spidey . harry look , there 's spider - man ! peter not the real one , I be sure ... harry you can never be sure ... all kind of crazy stuff can happen at a masquerade ball ... peter I bet I know who it be . as they take seat , peter see that spider - man be try to read the bugle' sport section by party light . kim wave . peter nod and the big hat fall over he face . peter hiya , Liz ... liz move to flash , who 's dress in the spider -man costume . liz hiya , Peter . who be in the spider - man costume ? peter it 's a very clever outfit you have get there , flash . flash take a hike , asshole . liz ( to Peter ) how do you recognize he ? peter his pretty blue eye give he away ... harry anyway , who will be sit with you at the Halloween Ball ? liz ( whisper to flash ) I wanna dance ... hey , spider - man ... shall we flash dance ? flash / spider-man hey , I be read the paper , okay ? liz turn with a mild pout . nervously , peter ponder he chance . harry nudge he . harry take she now , it 's easy ... harry turn to kim and do a clanking shimmy in the space suit . harry wanna dance , schechrezaa ? kim I be poope . liz I be not ... she reach for harry be hand . flash Holy jump jelly bean , willya look at this picture of spider - man ? wow ! be this guy great or what ? liz look . she shrug . then she shriek . liz hey , Peter ! this be you picture ! flash can not be ... liz it say here " photo by Peter parker . " peter react , then look over flash be other shoulder . insert : there be three photo of spider - man in the paper . peter blushes , smile . flash ( take off he head mask ) you know this guy , parker ? peter well , yeah ... sort of ... flash wow ... I will give you anything if you introduce we . harry ( to Liz ) will you grant I this dance ...? liz join he provocatively . kim hey , flash - man ... wanna dance ...? flash well , why not . peter be leave alone , peter leave toward the entrance . at the rear door a big lizard pass a note to a dallas cowgirl who pass it to a kangaroo . the kangaroo hop across the dance floor to the stage where he hand the note to a young woman in a baseball uniform . she climb the stage where she be bath in a spotlight . she get a drum roll from the band . there be some boos as the bad stop . young woman thank you , thank you . we have a special surprise guest tonight . ( booo ) the Empire State University masquerade Ball present ... the " slammy " win star of MTV be wrestle tournament ... the amazing spider - man ! flash , amaze turn to liz . he point to himself and mouth , " I ? " ( the real ) spidey drop from the ceiling and land in a pose . the crowd cheer . he do a flip to liz and extend a hand . the band start up . liz demur . flash ( whisper firmly ) go ahead ... go ahead ! liz take spidey be hand and they move slowly and sexily onto the dance floor . they do a short simple number . spidey return liz to flash . liz ( to flash ) come on ... flash ... flash take liz from peter ( spider -man ) . liz and flash dance wildly . they finish to big cheer . the real spider -man slide to center floor . the crowd back away as spidey spin out the great dance number in film history . he 's all over the floor and on the wall and on the ceiling and on the glitter ball . he take liz and fly with she . he break the place up . then drop in a pose . big cheer . liz stop breathless , very near to spider - man be face . liz ( whisper breathless ) who be you ...? peter one day you will know ... liz ( a long beat ) you sound very familiar . peter / spider-man sure I do ... I be you friendly neighborhood spider - man ! he jump away and disappear , leave the crowd aghast and liz in love . int . BEN and may' family room - night BEN be flick through the channel of he tv , aggravate as usual . it 's all rock video ! BEN ( to May ) what a bunch of crap . goddamn rock and roll 's screw up the whole tv . he flick off the set and turn to may who 's asleep on the couch . he gently nudge she . BEN come on , May . wake up and go to sleep . ext . taxi - night it enter the east river drive . int . taxi - night as the city roll by . spider -man ( fearful ) hey ! can not you go any faster ? cabbie what be I in , a race ? spider-man ( fight he fear ) I do not know ... I get this tingling in my brain , like some danger be lurking just ahead . I be worried about aunt May and uncle Ben ... cabbie you family ? spider -man well , they be kind of my parent . they raise I . I lose both of my parent in a car accident ... please step on it ! cabbie step on it ... so now you want to kill yourself in another accident ... not with I , boychick . spider -man but I be tell you ... I have get this -- cabbie ... tingling ... I know . and I get ulcer ... everybody 's get something to worry about . spider -man please ... faster ... please . cabbie okay , you ask for it . ext . the STREET - night the taxi skid and swerve like crazy , bump into everything in sight . int . BEN and may' bedroom - night a glass shatter . aunt may sit up in bed with a start . aunt may what 's that ? BEN what ? it 's nothing ... go back to sleep ... ( another crash ) oh , I will go look . go back to sleep . int . BEN and may' kitchen - night weiner be go through the drawer . he find a nice bone handle knife and pocket it . weiner hmmm ... int . BEN and may' live room - night BEN descend the stair from the bedroom . he peer off into the darkness and pull he robe tight around he as if to ward off some unacknowledged danger . ext . taxi - night taxi drive fast through STREET . int . taxi - night cabbie some crazy kinda town , huh ? you hear about that hold - up ? the guy with the six arm ? hey , I see it all on this job . ( a beat ) what kinda outfit be that , anyway ? spider-man ( panicked ) look , I be really in a hurry . bang ! a blow out . the cabbie fight the wheel to the side of the road . then he turn to spidey . cabbie ( sly ) you say the magic word , we have a flat boychick . int . BEN and may' family room - night BEN come in and look around . a long beat . then a noise . BEN mice ... int . BEN and may' dine room - night a very scared weiner hide , eye widen . weiner take the bone handle knife from he pocket . it glint in the moonlight . he move off . int . BEN and may' kitchen - night BEN be look for mouse . he open a closet . nothing . he shift around . nothing . he move off . ext . 59 th STREET bridge - night the cabbie slowly change the tire . fearing the worst , spidey get out , look for a ride . a truck approach . spidey look down at the cabbie and then up at the truck . cabbie hey ! you wanna hand I that lug wrench ? he look up to see spidey go by , stick to the side of the truck like a spider . cabbie some crazy kinda town ... ext . the truck - night spidey stare at the lettering on the side of the truck . it say , " Victory sport goods . " spider-man ( a think ) sport goods ... int . BEN and may' dine room - night BEN come in quietly . he look around . he open a closet . nothing . he hear a crash . he wheel . a shadowy figure run by a doorway ! BEN take off like a shot ! int . BEN and may' house - night BEN run through the room . int . BEN and may' family room - night BEN fly in and go right to the rifle on the wall . we hear weiner clatter around the house in the background as BEN go to a drawer and pull out a BOX of bullet . he begin to fight the bullet into the rifle . weiner come fly in and tackle he . they fall to the floor , four hand on the rifle . they scuffle . weiner all I want it the kid 's computer crap ! BEN let go before I blow you brain 's out . ext . forest hill STREET - night the truck pull away leave peter in a pool of STREET lamp light . he 's wear a football jersey and short and carry a sport bag . he begin to run . int . BEN and may' bedroom - night may hear a crash . she pull the cover up around she chin in fear . BEN ( v.o. ) let go ! weiner ( v.o. ) you let go ! ext . BEN and may' house - night peter run up and hear a shot . he run inside . int . BEN and may' family room - night peter run in . he see weiner stand there with the rifle . they face off across the room . the moment hit peter like a punch in the chest . peter uncle ben! BEN ( a wheeze ) Peter ... peter rush to BEN . peter oh my God ... uncle Ben ... peter try to revive BEN , while weiner run out . int . hospital waiting room - night plastic furniture , garish lighting , cigarettes in the ashtray . aunt may ( a brave but fragile front ) Ben get through everything . he will be alright . the doctor be ... aunt may and peter embrace , lean on each other for support . detective ( compassionate ) Excuse I . you the nephew ? peter rise , nod . as aunt may wipe away a sniffle ... detective you uncle 's a brave man . apparently , the perpetrator be after something of yours . you uncle do not know what it be but he stand up to he anyway . you ought to be proud of he . peter I be ... how be he ... a grim - face doctor walk slowly across the room to they ... may stand up slowly . detective ask the Doctor . aunt may how 's my ... how 's my husband do ...? doctor Mrs. parker , I be sorry . we try . may collapse . doctor crash cart ! stat ! the detective pull peter gently away . the staff work on may . detective let the medic handle it . ( pause ) look , if it make you feel any better . we be gonna nail this guy . he crash he getaway car . we get he trap in a warehouse on Jackson . nurse ( to Peter ) she 's alright . she just faint . we will have to check she for symptom of shock . if you want to wait , you can get some coffee on the third floor . peter no , I ... I think I wanna go out for some fresh air . ext . warehouse - night cop car , cop , searchlight play they beam against the acme chemical storage build . gunfire flash from one of the window . ext . cop car - night elite cop in baseball cap be plotting strategy . cop # 1 that place be load with solvent and chemical . if we blast we way in , it 's gonna go up like a roman candle . cop # 2 we could go in through the fifth floor wash room . cop # 1 what 's that up there ? throw a light on that ! cop # 1 direct the beam of the searchlight . ext . warehouse wall - night spider -man be climb it , trap in the glare of the searchlight . he freeze . cop # 1 he 's get a partner ! ext . cop car - night every cop' weapon be train upward at spider -man ! cop # 2 ( on radio ) we get a accomplice up there ! and we get a clear shot . do we have a go ? radio ( filter ) that 's a go . ext . warehouse wall - night gunshot erupt around spider -man and he skitter around to evade they . int . the warehouse - night think they be shoot at he , weiner shoot back . in the corner of he eye he see spider -man at a side window . he aim he rifle and spidey duck out of the way . the frighten weiner move to the side window to blow spidey away . as he move past the front window he be light by the searchlight that play on he face darkly . spidey leap in at front window and drop neatly behind weiner , landing a pose . spider -man ( cold , hard ) say you prayer , Weiner ! weiner whip around and fire . spidey leap to avoid it and land on a stack of paint can . weiner you be not takin ' I ... spider - man ... who ever you be ... spidey gather himself tighter . he leap . a second gun burst come in behind he , several paint can erupt in cascade of color . spider-man ( hang on ceiling ) hey , creep ! weiner aim and fire , several time . he be empty he rifle . spidey leap away and land on the top of a cask mark " caution - flammable solvent ! " spider-man ( taunting ) try again . the cask give way and spidey be plunge into the flammable solvent . weiner smile he stupid grin and take aim . spidey leap out of the cask and stick to the roof beam . he 's sopping wet . his hand slip down the beam as the solvent work against he stick power . he fall to the floor and scramble behind some paint can . weiner , craze , fire wildly . one of the can explode . paint flow from it ... burn ! spidey peek out and see a yellow river of flame creep toward he . he sniff he solvent soak outfit . he back down a " corridor " of paint can . the yellow FIRE follow , now join by a river of blue FIRE from another can . they be follow the trail of solvent he 's drip ! he 's trap ! cop ( v.o. ) ( on bullhorn ) this be you last chance , you two . either you be come out , or we be come in ! spidey be against the wall ! paint can to he right and leave , and a river of red flame join the yellow and blue as they creep toward he ! he climb backwards up the wall , face toward the blaze . the colored fire join and follow he up the wall ! they be lick at he foot ! weiner ( at the window ) stay back ! ( gun burst ) whoa ... stay back down there ! spidey be inch from be torch . he see a pipe . he reach out and grab it . he swing out above the flame . but the pipe begin to bend ! the pipe bend down ... down ... and then break ! spidey hang precariously as water cascade out of the pipe and put out the FIRE . spidey drop down and rest he head in he hand to collect himself . then look up . the gun be at he head . weiner stand up , you . spidey stand . cop ( v.o. ) you have thirty second to come out ! weiner you be my ticket outa here . gimme that stupid mask ! spider -man hesitates . then he begin to raise the mask , but stop and shake he head no . weiner then I will take it myself . he reach for the mask and spider - man flip he across the room . weiner land in a cargo net and become ensnare . spider -man well , look what we have catch in we web ... weiner do not hurt I , man . please do not hurt I ... int . warehouse hallway - night cop be poise at the door . a signal . they crash inside . int . warehouse paint room - night cop # 1 hold you fire ! weiner be hang from the ceiling in the the cargo net . weiner get I out of this madhouse ! he fall down , immediately encircle by the police officer . spider -man fly above they head , crash through the window and disappear into the dark of night . int . cyclotron - night a weird , flicker blue light dance around the hole in the cyclotron . then it cut out . a helmete man pull himself out of a hatch . he flip up the helmet . ock be finish put together he new equipment . ock ( smile ) okey , dokey . ock go about check out the cyclotron . it look good . int . control room - night ock start flick switch and read dial , do a " mission countdown " for he next experiment . this place have be " hot rodd " to the max . ock ( read dial and number ) amperage , okay . flux , 14 . negative variable differential ... good enough . he shut it down . the whine whir down . ock okey , dokey ... now all I need be parker 's data . where the hell be Weiner ? damn it ... I can not trust anybody . ( throw he waldo in the air ) only you , my baby ... only you can I trust ... okay ... if I have to do everything myself ... I be go to do it . ( to he equipment ) I will be back ... my baby ... my new baby ! ock hide the waldos under he coat and leave the room . int . peter parker' apartment - night there be more equipment than before . peter be deep at work . his spider-man uniform hang on the wall . there be a knock at the door . liz ( v.o. ) hey , Peter ! be you finish with my computer yet ? I get a paper too , you know ... peter ( panicked ) oh my God ... oh , it 's you , Liz ... I do not expect you ... uh ... give I a minute . he hide he spider -man costume . int . the hallway landing - night liz wait impatiently . peter ( open the door ) hi , Liz . come on in . int . peter parker' apartment - night liz enter , look around . peter cover for this and that . liz what be you do in here ? peter ( look around ) Cleaning up . come on . I will get you computer . where 's flash park ? he pick up the computer and turn to she , but she 's already look around the apartment . liz flash do not come . peter ( hold it ) oh. well ... how be you go to get it home ? liz walk into the room . liz taxi ... I guess . she discover the print of spidey that peter have tape up around the apartment . liz you must spend a lot of time with this spider - man guy ... Peter ! do not you think you ought to unplug that ! peter look and see that he be tethere to the wall . embarrass , he put the computer back down . peter ( embarrassed ) I , uh , I will go down to the corner ... see it I can hail that taxi . peter leave . liz smile . she like peter . why be he so ...? int . hallway - night a shadow of a man can be see hide . peter do not notice he . int . peter parker' apartment - night there 's a knock at the door . liz ( crossing to it , wonder ) Peter ...? she be about to open the door when four waldos smash through it , obliterate it . ock stand in the shattered doorway , waldos writhe . liz Doctor octavius ...! you be ... you be ... ( find the word ) you be so weird !... with that ... what do you call that ... ock waldos ... do you hear about spider - man ? ( move waldos like spider 's leg ) that 's I ... the real spider - man ... now tell I , where be that jerky friend of yours ... parker ? liz ( protect ) Peter ?... oh ... he 's not here . he 's go . I do not think he will be back for awhile . ock ( run he waldo in she hair ) you would not lie to you Professor now , would you ? liz of course not . why would I lie about a thing like that ? really . he 's ... out . ock we will wait . ock grab liz' hair with he waldos . liz what be you do ... let I go ! please ... take that thing out of my hair ! ock my waldos , you mean . liz whatever you call they ... please ... ock shoot out two waldos . simultaneously each grab a chair from different part of the room and bring they to the table . ock sit. she do . he do , too , and fold he waldos across he chest . ock ( chatty ) he 's a nice boy . a little nerdy maybe , but nice , would not you say ? liz oh , I do not know . maybe . he 's very inexperienced . one of ock' waldos rest on the table curl around the computer . liz let she hand rest on it . ock warm immediately . ock you know , you be a fascinating young lady ... liz thank you ... ock you be so refresh . you be so ... liz shock ...? ock ( go to far ) oh , I would not say shocking ... liz I would ! she stick he waldo in the electric wall socket behind the computer ! the current sizzle through he and he leap up , waldos akimbo , like the " cartoon cat . " liz run out the door . ock extricate himself from the current and give chase . int . hallway - night liz burst from the door . liz Peter ...! she look both way for peter , do not see he , and take off ! ock burst from the doorway and run off after liz . ext . the STREET - night liz run as fast as she can , but ock be gain quickly . ext . peter parker' apartment - night a taxi drive up and disgorge peter . peter wait here ... int . peter parker' apartment - night he walk in . it 's empty peter Liz ? liz ( v.o. ) ( scream from the street ) Peter ! help ! Peter ! peter spring into action . he grab he spidey suit out of a drawer and start take off he clothes . ext . STREET - night liz look back and see ock cartwheeling toward she . she can not outrun he . she must hide . there 's a construction site on the right . she duck down the alley next to it . int . construction alley - night liz run into it and find herself trap on three side by a high cyclone fence . behind she , ock' waldos stretch out like waterbug leg . he bug-walks into the alley and laugh down at she from he perch atop the waldos . ock Peter parker have something I want ... and I be go to have something he want . she dash past he and run into the outboard cargo elevator . int . elevator - night she look for the up button and find nothing ! ock , on he foot now , be on the wire mesh elevator cage in a flash . he tear the outer door away . liz start press knob and lever in panic . the light go on . a warning bell clang . she finally find the switch and the car leap up just as ock tear off its front door . liz , safe for the moment , watch ock recede below , shaking the tear off door in a rage . ext . construction site - night extend waldo over waldo , ock climb the elevator housing chase the rise car inside . ext . construction roof - night the car arrive and liz jump out . she 's on nothing but a narrow girder ! she tightrope on the girder . ock get to the top . he look across at she . she 's stick between two unfasten girder , at a dead end . he slowly telescope a waldo toward she . she 's get no place to run , no place to hide . he grab she by the blouse and lift she off the girder . spider-man ( v.o. ) put she down , ock . ock look across the street . there , on the top of a tall building , be spider -man . spider -man I know what 's happen to you , ock . I have be through a lot of change myself lately . you have to listen to I . ock ( hold Liz ) who the hell be you ? spider -man spider -man . liz ( see spidey ) spider -man ... ock that 's a lot of crap , clown ... I be spider - man , not you . ( point to Liz ) ask you girlfriend . ( to Liz ) tell he ! spider -man I be a good friend of Peter parker 's ock . just like that girl you be hold . now let she go . ock think for a moment , then he begin to extend the kick and scream liz out over the street , ten storey up . ock let she go ? what a excellent idea . if you do not deliver you friend , Mr. spider - man , yes . yes , of course , I will let she go . liz put I down , you mechanical mutant ! liz be have none of this . she kick , she fight . she twist . she flail around , make thing a little worse . the ground be yawn death beneath she . rriipp ! part of she blouse tear away and liz plummet ! spider -man swoops down on a web -strand in he characteristic compound curve . he reach out for the fall liz and miss she cleanly . the web be too short . liz ( fall away ) you jerk ! he thwip she with a second web and together they swing to a high girder where he deposit she safe and sound . liz ( straighten herself ) tell you friend Peter next time I will get the taxi myself ... ock ( scream ) hey ... you jerk ... you phony spider - man ... prepare to meet you death , bug . spidey thwip a beam and swing across toward ock . spider -man ( whisper ) actually , I be rather fond of live ... especially now ... ( he look at Liz ) he land on ock' girder and the two progeny of the cyclotron face off for the first time , ten storey above the street . spider-man ( a last appeal to reason ) octavius . just stop and think . ock I be think , insect . I be think about exterminate you ! spider -man okay , if that 's the way you want it ... let 's see what that chrome knuckle can do , Doc ... a waldo lance out and catch spidey flush on the jaw . it knock he to another girder . spidey hang on and roll over . he rub he jaw . liz great ... spidey get ready to go into action and get pummele by another barrage of blow from above . ock now I must kill you , you cretinous clown . ock throw a roundhouse waldo that nearly knock spidey off the girder . he 's just barely hang on . but spider-man be not do yet . he thwip a high beam and swing into a better attack position . the two super - adversary engage in battle . with ock swinging from he waldos like a metal monkey and spidey swinging from he webs like , well , like spidey , they clang and bang through the girder of the construction site . ock once I dispose of you , spider - man , no one will be able to stop I . spider -man stop you from what ...? ock my destiny ! ock throw he biggest punch yet . siren can now be hear in the street . spidey avoid waldo strike after waldo strike . ock elude web after web . but spidey be agility soon have he turn circle . spider -man over here , octopus ! ock that 's Professor octopus to you spider jerk ! spider -man give it up , Professor . you will never catch I ! ock take three step and soar through the air . ext . brick wall - night ock , misjudge the leap , soar right past spidey and into a alley ! scream all the way ... ext . the alley - night ock and two waldos press against each of the oppose wall . it 's a tenuous grip . then , very slowly , spark fly from he waldos , ock slide down into the alley . spider -man so long , sucker . ext . STREET - night cop car pull up . cop leap from they . ext . side wall - night ock make it down , see the cop , duck out of sight . ext . cop car - night the searchlight go on . spider -man swing back across the street to the construction site . cop # 1 there he be ! cop # 2 it 's that spider - man ! ext . the roof - night spidey land next to liz in a pose . lit by the flash billboard , he 's weirder look than ever . spidey put a arm around liz and extend a web shooter . liz what do you think you be do ? spider -man I be rescue you . with that spidey leap way out and he and liz swoop away on a web-strand . liz thanks but nooooooooooo ! ext . the cop car - night all weapon point upward at spidey be movement . cop # 2 he will not get away this time ! cop # 1 hold you fire ! he 's get a girl . cop # 2 look like he 's get a hostage . ext . web strand - night spidey see the weapon aim upward . he shoot out another web and swing off in a different direction . liz whoops with the g-force . liz wait a minute . where be you take I ? spidey hound by the Police , reject by the girl . spider -man I better just take you back where you belong . he shoot out another web . spider -man hold on tight . liz ( Times Square ) where be we ? spider -man open you eye . they be stand on the roof of the central tower of the empire university build . liz open she eye . it 's a extraordinary sight . liz ( the Empire State Building ) if you be try to impress I spidey , I want you to know I be not easy . okay , I be impressed ... now put I down , spidey ... put I down . spider-man I like the way you say spidey ... nobody call I spidey ... now we go ... ext . dormitory - night they swoop down ... and down ... stop on one of the building 's sill , actually right in front of a window in the dormitory build . liz ( tavern on the Green ) wow ... look , this be we dormitory . I can get to my room . hey , wait a minute ... there 's flash , if I be not mistaken . spider -man Liz ? liz you know my name ? spider -man Liz , listen to I . there 's something I have to tell you . liz okay , put I down and we can talk , alright ? spider -man do you know who I be ? liz all I know be you be the amazing spider - man ... or better you be spidey the good guy on the block ... you be a weirdo in a clown spider suit . spider -man and that 's all you know about I ? ( a beat , a sigh ) okay , let get you boyfriend . liz which one ? spider -man how many do you have ? I mean flash . liz well , flash be not exactly my boyfriend ... spider -man he 's not ? then who be ? liz there 's someone I like , but he 's too shy to notice . ( flash appear ) spider -man flash ! flash Liz ! ( a beat ) spider-man !!! liz ( to spider - man ) you know everybody ... flash we have to call Peter ! flash rush right past liz to the window . there 's a newspaper in he hand . flash hey , they will not let up , man ! ( show Daily bugle ) they keep call you a accomplice in that burglary murder . but that 's a crock , be not it ? I be with you , spidey , 100 % spider-man thanks . flash ( realize ) by the way , what be you do with ... Liz ? spider -man she need a lift . flash oh ... okay ! this call for a beer ! a lot of beer ! spider -man thanks , but I have some business to take care of . flash well ... take care of that later . wait here . I will get the beer . he disappear . liz come , tentatively , to the window where spidey squat , desire and passion in he white eye . liz ( accusatory ) how would you know this be flash 's place ? spider -man Peter parker tell I all about it . liz Peter tell you all about flash ? spider -man no ... he tell I all about you . see you later . ( he jump away ) int . dorm - night flash come in with more Beer than a man ought to carry . flash hey , where would he go ? hey , spider - man !! but spider -man have disappear . liz ( distract ) Peter tell you hero all about I ... flash he would , would not he ... that jerk ! ext . peter parker be roof - night spider -man land on it . he drop in the skylight . int . peter parker' apartment - night he drop into the room and pull off he mask . the place have be ransacke . computer disc be all over the floor . peter pull a file mark " planetary conjunction . " he open it . a piece of paper fall out . it say , " kiss it goodbye , Wall crawler ! " peter ( whisper angrily ) octavius !!! ext . empire state university quad - day peter be hurry along . kim in sun herself wonderfully . peter ( hurry by ) Kim ! have you see Harry ? kim sure , lot of time . what a brainiac ... peter yeah ... have you see he today ? kim no , un unh . liz ( catch up ) Peter ...! peter ( keep walk ) hi ... have you see Harry ? liz no . what a night , huh ? peter ( laugh ) yeah , that be some ride home ... must have be pretty exciting . liz it be ... okay . look , I get two ticket to Les miserables ... wanna go ? peter sorry ... I be really busy ... I mean , not tonight ... see you later . liz ( think ) hey , Peter ... how do you know about last night ...? peter what about last night ? liz my exciting ride with spider - man ... peter oh ... sorry ... I gotta hurry ... I have to find Harry ... I will see you later . liz Peter ! peter run off . he see a car approach and flag it . peter hey ! can I get a lift downtown ? flash take you shoe for a walk , dork . flash get out of he car , and cross the lawn toward liz . int . control room - day ock be hard at work . the room , still ripple , have be " hot rodd " to the max . lot of jerry - rig stuff have be add . ock take a sip from the thermos and flick on the small tape recorder . ock we be new insert Peter parker 's data on tonight 's planetary conjunction . insert : the computer screen display Peter parker 's name and id number and the title , " the planetary conjunction and it 's effect on Earth gravity . " ock yes , yes ! go on ! go on ! insert : number sequence appear on the screen . then a graphic of the earth move into line with saturn , jupiter , the SUN and the moon . in the corner a number rise . ock enormous . it 's enormous . ( to recorder ) the parker calculation add 4 % gravitational force at the moment of full planetary conjunction . ( hit some key ) add this to present maximum power potential , I get ... he look up and see the screen a graphic " hole " open up right through the earth ! the widen hole be swallow everything ! ock I know it . I know it ! universal destruction ! it 's doable ! I be put a countdown clock on the planetary conjunction now ! a large digital display read , " 13:00:03 . " the last second count down to , " 12:59:59 ! " ock ( play the computer ) okey , dokey . now let 's see if I have enough power to drive this beast . he start hit keys on he computer . int . peter parker' apartment - night peter be work on liz' computer . there be a knock at he brand new , unpaint door . he hurry to it and pull the knob so quickly ( forget he own strength ) that the whole assembly come off in he hand . peter ( pull Harry aside ) I gotta remember to have that fix . ( open the door ) there you be , I have be look for you all over town . harry what happen ? peter where be you ? harry I go to the wrestle , want to see that amazing spider - man , but he do not show up . peter listen , Harry something terrible happen . harry what ? what ? peter my planetary conjunction papers ... they be steal ... harry oh my God ... be you sure ...? who would do such a thing ? peter ock ... harry of course ... but why ...? peter we have to find out , sit down . ( indicate computer ) I want to access Dr. octavius ' main program . I want to know about he experiment with the cyclotron . can you do it ? harry ( start hack ) I can try . I could access the system in the dorm . okay . and through that I could crack the main line . peter alright . now if we can just disrupt the octavius file ... harry okay , let 's try . harry crack he knuckle like a safe cracker and bend to the task . the phone ring . peter hit he jerry - rig speaker phone . harry keep hack . peter yeah ? jameson ( v.o. ) parker ? Peter parker ? this be J. jonah jameson ! peter ( look over Harry 's shoulder ) Mr. jameson , you get I at a bad time . jameson ( v.o. ) I need picture of you friend , the amazing spider - man . but I need bad guy shot , you get it ? lot of bad guy shot . we be gonna pin that insect to the wall . whaddaya say ? peter hang up . the dial tone cut off jameson . int . jameson' office - night only he and the photo assistant be there . jameson what about that kid ? on the job already ? int . control room - night ock be pace around the hot rodd room . he check this and that . he look at the countdown clock ( 06:00:10 ) and throw himself down in he chair . he resume he check - down . ock Fusion cell ...? all up . Internal temperature ... okay . Risk ? ( a long beat ) acceptable . ( another beat ) let 's fly . he start flick on switch and dial . the whine whir up . he throw the red power throttle . the power dial go to 90 ! int . peter parker' apartment - night peter and harry be at a computer . the light flicker and dim . then they go back on . peter and harry look at each other and shrug . harry get something ! insert : digital clock display : " 06:00:03 " peter what be it ? harry let I see . it 's some kind of countdown clock . peter countdown to what ? harry I do not know , but whatever it be , it 's only six hour away . peter the planetary conjunction ? harry could be ... peter or Doc ock 's end of the world experiment ... or both ! harry wait a minute . you be not tell I you think the world be gonna end tonight ...? peter you want to wait around till midnight to find out ? harry no , but ... peter let 's see what else we have get . another set of number roll up on the screen . they be accompany by electrical symbol . harry what 's that ? peter it might be a calculation of the amount of power he need to create the hole between the force and the anti-force . harry that 's a lot of energy . what could generate power like that ? peter the close you could come be the New York City Subway system . again , the light flicker and then dim and they return . harry / peter ( together ) we gotta talk to Professor rosomorf !! int . broadway express - night roz board and take a seat . there be the usual subway type . a fat woman . a pimply teenager and he date , a tall skinny girl in a party dress . roz , make notation in a pad , take no notice of they . he sit down , close he pad , and tap a pencil against he chin . roz plutonium ... ext . major intersection - night taxis go by . two lover stroll . we hear a familiar whine . the " walk " and " don't walk " sign flash at the same time . boy make up you mind ! the sign explode ! the couple stop in they track . the boy look at the girl . girl what 's go on ? a arc of electricity now shoot between the light pillar of the subway station on the corner . int . broadway local - night SPARKS fly by the window . roz , oblivious at first , be now stunne by the show . ext . subway train entrance - night the arc of electricity continue to rise . the STREET light buckle and bend into weird shape . woman oh my God ! man get back ! get back ! ext . intersection - night two taxis roar through the intersection and collide . the ethnic driver leap out and begin argue . int . train - night people scream and fall back as the train seem to change angle . ext . subway entrance - night a building roar rise from the subway entrance . then the sound of a train whistle ! the boy look down the stair and have to leap out of the way as the broadway express come highball up the step and blast through the subway entrance . the train sail through the air . ext . luxury condo high - rise - night the train crash into the building in a storm of cyclotron generate dali physics . ext . the STREET - night the throb and pulse recede . scream , honk , siren can be hear . ext . luxury condo high - rise - night a splendidly turn out middle - aged woman wake from she satin sleep to see that a subway train be in the middle of she bedroom . the wall through which the train have come sag and ripple like it have melt and partially resolidify . woman Henry !!! several passengers climb out of the window of the train or pry open the door . woman what be you do here ? get out of here ! get out of here ! ext . the STREET - night a crowd have gather to gawk and point . they look up and we see they Pov . the middle car of the train be simply " embed " in the high - rise , its rear stick out of the building fifteen storey up . from its coupling dangle the last car . int . middle car - night the car be bisect in the middle by the fuse brick and glass of the wall of the building . passengers on the outside of the wall press they face to the glass and pound for help . roz come to the aid of a mother with two child . ext . the STREET - night the crowd see something else . swing high in the sky be you friendly neighborhood spider -man . the couple and two driver argue about what this mean . woman it 's spider - man ! truck driver # 1 get outa here , you bum ! woman hey , what be you talk about ?! truck driver # 2 ( back at woman ) what 's the matter , lady do not you read the papers ? this be the driver of a DAILY bugle truck carry the historically famous bugle headline , " spider - man - threat or menace ? " man go spidey ! go! int . last car - night it 's nearly vertical ! people be tumble over each other . the scared teenager be tear at the door . the skinny girl scream in a mechanical way . the door open . he nearly fall ! the skinny girl scream again . he manage to get back inside . she look at he , safe now . but she scream again anyway . roz struggle to right himself against a pole . a bag of groceries go slide past he . it continue downward and out the OPEN door . insert : the bag tumble down through the air . down , down , and down ... int . middle car - night spidey be face appear in the window upside down . spider -man hello , everybody ... he slide the window down and flip inside . he walk through the parting passengers to the build wall . he feel it . spider -man okay , everyone , stand back and stay cool . he hurl himself at the fuse glass portion and bounce back onto the floor . he roll over , flex he shoulder . woman ( whining ) be that the real spider - man ? spidey do a triple flip to he foot . he reach up for the overhead railing and pull it down easily . ooh and aah . spider -man point it at the glass and heft it . spider -man somebody wanna give I a hand with this ? first the woman , and then all of they , take up position on the batter ram . spider -man on three . one ... two ... Three ! they ram the glass and it shatter . int . the luxury condo high - rise - night henry stand at the open door of the train in he bedroom as they all come rush through into the room . henry come on . come on . that 's it . step lively now . wife Henry , the rug ! henry oh , shut up ! spider -man have a nice evening , ma'am ... and you too , Henry . ext . the STREET - night the FIRE truck arrive and begin assemble a ladder . int . the last car - night spidey arrive at the door at the top of the car . he see roz at the bottom . three people be between they . the skinny girl see spidey . she scream . spider -man okay , folk , just hang on ... he scamper down the grab-handle to the people below . four passengers cling to seat and bar . spider -man okay , one at a time . you first , ma'am ... a fat woman make a " who I ? " gesture . spidey throw she over he shoulder . insert : the coupling which hold the two car at right angle begin to bend open . spider -man , the fat woman over he shoulder , go hand over hand to the top and the woman be dumped into the middle car . insert : the coupling bend open a little more . spidey help the teenager and the skinny girl out of the car . she take the dreadful step between car . she look down . she scream . she step across . ext . luxury condo high - rise - night the FIRE ladder be up . but it be about ten feet short of where it 's aim at . the end of the car . a fireman stand at its apex . fireman ( into walkie ) gimme more ladder ! I need more ladder ! walkie negative on that , you be at full extension ! int . last car - night now only roz be leave . spidey approach he . he cling to a pole . insert : the coupling bend open ! the car be hang there from memory ! roz this be Doctor otto octavius ' work . I must get back to my university . I must stop ock ... he 's go crazy . can you help I ? spider -man sure thing , just do not take the train . come on ... give I you hand . roz spider - man ! listen to I ! if he can do this with the train , if he 's come this far , then I can pretty well predict he next step . he will go to plutonium sl 270 for the power . he must be stop ... or else he will destroy we world . the coupling shriek and the car lurch . spider -man let 's get you out of here first , Professor . roz wait spider - man . I do not think I can make it ... you must not waste time save I ... you must save the world ! you must go and stop ock ! spider -man where can I find he ...? roz he be look for plutonium sl 270 I be sure ... the car lurch on its side and roz fly out of the door . spidey thwip out a web that girdle roz be waist . spider -man think rosomorf , think where one can find plutonium ? where could he find sl 270 ...? ext . luxury condo high - rise - night roz be hang in mid-air on the web . roz shout . roz ( shouting ) there 's only one place he can get the plutonium sl 270 ... spider -man where ...? roz toxic ... toxic dump ... any toxic dump would have sl 270 . spidey swing roz in a arc to the fireman . he miss roz on the first pass . roz look up at spidey who stand in the doorway , manipulate the web . the fireman grab roz . then , with a awful screech of steel , the car pull loose from the coupling . with spider -man inside it , the car plunge ten storey to the street below . ext . STREET - night cop , firemen , PRESS , the work . the crowd gasp . camera strobe pop as the last car crash to the sidewalk . we hold several beat on the incredible rubble . then , a webbed hand . spider -man groggily pull himself from the wreckage . cop ( v.o. ) put you hand up , spider - man . spider -man you be make a big mistake . cop and you be look at twenty year . spider -man shoot a wad of web goo onto the cop' gun and leap up onto the luxury condo ... and swing up out of the frame . the cop aim and shoot . the bullet make a thwump noise . the web goo stretch out about three foot and fall limp . cop what the hell ! ext . back of build - night spider -man swing painfully , one hand and limp , at the end of a web strand . after fall ten storey , he be groggy and weak . he can not think . he can not focus . he can barely hold onto he wrist gizmos . this bug be spend . spider -man must go on ... must find ock ... sl 270 plutonium ... must get that crazy old loony ... before he get to the plutonium ... toxic dump ... where be the toxic dump ...? he hang there with two hand to catch he breath and think . he shoot a web up diagonally and swing across on it . this time he catch on and hold , but barely . int . aunt may' family room - night liz be stand . aunt may be seat on the couch , she look weak , pale and alone . aunt may you be as lovely as Peter say you be . liz ( embarrassed ) thank you . he really want so badly to come see you . he call I up out of the blue . aunt may ( great concern ) tell I about Peter . what 's he be up to ? he seem so preoccupy . liz oh , you know Peter ... he 's all catch up in some kind of study he 's do . thing be really crazy at the university now . thing be crazy ... everywhere . I guess Peter 's just ... well , you know ... pull into he shell . aunt may ( reminisc ) when Peter be little , he love to hide . in the closet . under the sink . he always need a secret place . but when I would look for he , he would always laugh ... he want to be find . liz yeah ... well . I do not think he want I to find he ... well , I would better be go . my friend flash be pick I up . aunt may this flash ... he be not you boyfriend , be he ? liz no ... not really ... I think you can guess why ... they smile knowingly at each other . liz go toward the door . aunt may Elizabeth ...? she turn . aunt may finder keeper , loser weeper . liz what ? aunt may that 's what I use to say to Peter when I find he . ext . fifth avenue - night spider -man swing high above it . this be not the confident swinger with liz in he arm . this be a guy who 's make it by the narrowest of margin . there be a traffic jam below . spider -man get to find ock ... get to find the toxic dump . ( grab he head ) oh ! oh ! oh ... yeah ! he look down at the traffic . we pan across the many car until we come to a non-descript GREEN car . int . GREEN car - night ock be honk the horn . something land on he roof . then spidey stick he head , upside down , in the windshield . spider -man what 's up , ock ? ock you !!! a waldo smashes through the windshield but miss spidey . ock leap from the car . ock ( on the run ) you be a doom bug , Wall crawler . I have no time to waste on you now . ext . STREET - night ock run through honking traffic . spider -man leap from car to car . ock turn to see spider -man leap to a limo at the curb . ock turn tail and run down a alley . a female cop pop out of a doorway . her partner , a big , young cop , pull he gun . female cop ( gun poise ) alright ! freeze ! up against the wall and spread them ock comply . he raise he hand ... and spread the waldos to full extension ! the big cop scream and faint . the little female cop' eye pop . ock swat the gun from she hand . he start to choke she . spidey come swinging to the rescue . he land on the roof nearby . spider -man hey , you big ock , why do not you pick on someone you own size ?! ock alright spider -bug ... here I have come for you ... ock leave the cop and attack spider -man , shoot he iron fist at he . ock run to the end of the alley . spidey stagger to he foot and resume the chase . ock break into a red corvette convertible , start it with a waldo . spider -man come out in time to see the vette drive away . a chinese laundry truck be pass . spidey thwip it and be whipped away . he crawl over to the window . spider -man hey , driver . could you follow that red vette for I ? the surprised chinaman let loose a stream of chinese expletive , complete with appropriate suggestive gesture . spider -man crawl to the top of the truck and survey the situation . he see a sea of move traffic . he thwip up a web and swing away . spidey swing along from build to build . the red vette be make headway . suddenly , spider -man spot a blue mg with its top up . spider-man ( swinging ) flash Thompson ... I never think I would be happy to see you . ext . blue mg - night spidey swoops down on the blue mg . int . blue mg - night spidey wedge down into the car , right between flash and liz . she whoops . flash be thrilled . spider -man sorry about that ! flash spider-man ! this be unbelievable ...! spider -man flash , I need you help . flash you get it . spider -man you any good with this thing ? flash I be the best . spider-man okay ... catch that vette ! flash Roger , wilco , over and out . he swerve . spidey fall all over liz . they begin to careen through traffic , three peas in a very small pod . ext . west side car chase montage - night with spidey jamme in between liz and flash , the mg chase the vette . since neither ock nor flash be any good at this , both car quickly careen into pole , fence , hot dog car and begin fall apart . on riverside drive the mg begin to lurch and steam . the vette look eat away . the GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge loom ahead . the vette roar through the toll booth . they spot ock stick in traffic . flash why be he go to New Jersey , and who be it in that shitty red car ... liz do not you recognize he ... it 's ock ! spider -man New Jersey have the large toxic waste dump in the world . flash what do he want with toxic waste ? spider -man he 's look for plutonium , my dear ... the car have to slow down ... it 's in a traffic jam . flash sorry ... can not do anything about this traffic . spider -man jump out of the car . spider -man try to stay with I . I do not want to lose he ! speed along the bridge , ock see no one . but high above , spidey swing from tower to tower after he . at the last tower , spidey leap down onto a big truck . the vette weave and spidey cross to another big truck . for a moment he be catch between the two truck , but he make it across . the vette take a exit . spidey leap to the next sign . he aim he wrist gizmo and wait for the next car to take the exit , but none do . deflate , he drop to the ground . he look up to see a sign on a cyclone fence . it say , " dump number 7 -- keep out -- radioactive material ! " spider -man bingo . int . toxic waste dump - night the landscape have a nightmarish vision , weirdly light by " safety light . " vat and drum ooze all kind of bad stuff . a light be on in a dilapidate shack . int . the shack - night ock be toss away the canister until he come to one mark , " hazard !! plutonium sl 270 hazard !! " ock okey , dokey ... spider -man open that now , and you will spoil Christmas . spidey be peer in from a hole in the roof . ock insect ! I be go to squash you to death ... once I lay my waldos on you skinny bone ... ock hurl a drum at spidey . it erupt in a sizzle of liquid and gas . then the six - armed fiend run for the door with he sl 270 . ext . the shack - night ock come fly out and spider -man grab a waldo . spidey do a back flip and whip ock so hard the waldo snap off ! ock recoil it and react in horror . with a roar , ock attack spider -man . they battle as super -adversaries . ock gain the upper hand and toss spidey into a pile of rusting drum . a gas envelope spider - man and he begin cough . ext . the dump - night ock' waldos be coiled around spider -man be neck as the web slinger be drag through the dump . his white eye narrow and blink . there be a cap well behind a warning sign . ock tear off the cap and then hurl the groggy spidey down the well . ock Goodbye , spider - man ! int . the well - night spidey fall . he can not grab onto the slimy wall . at the bottom of the foul pit be a bubbling blue luminescent pool . spidey claw frantically at the wall . spider-man noooooooooooooo! he get a hold and slide down to within a foot of the pool . its weird light shine up at he . he look up at the starry sky . spider -man ( to himself ) okay now , spidey . easy do it . he shoot a web about halfway up the pit . it hit the wall , sizzle , and drop back down . spider -man ( to himself ) do not give up , spidey . do not give up . the web gizmo squirt out a pathetic patooey of web goo . then it hiss , empty ! spider -man empty ... now what do I do ? ock so you have avoid the nuclear pool , have you , spider - man ? spider -man well , so far so good . but I can not hold on much longer . ock pity ...! spider -man oh , come on , ock , be a good sport . let 's talk this over face to face ... throw I a line ... spidey reach out . ock okay ... face to face ... catch this ! ock , way up at the open above , raise a huge drum above he head . the drum leak toxic waste in orange tendril . he be about to drop it down on spider -man ... flash do not do it , Professor ! we now see flash and liz in the blue mg . ock ( put down the drum ) I know you ... and you , young lady . both of you be in my physic class , be not you ...? come ... you can help I . I need to get some of this drum to my laboratory ... help I ... and I will give you special grade . what would you say ? suddenly he catch flash with a waldo and start to choke he . liz scream and try to help flash . liz leave he alone !!! another waldo grab she . roz now appear on the scene . roz leave they alone otto ! ock but , they will not help I . everybody be try to destroy my experiment . and so be you , rosomorf . another waldo grab roz by he arm . roz otto ... I be wrong . I have go over you research . it 's brilliant , otto . it 's mad , but it 's brilliant . you have much work leave to do . I want to help you , otto . for the sake of science , go and do you experiment . leave ... this kid alone and I will help you . ock you will ? you too ? both flash and liz shake they head okey dokey . ock gesture to flash and liz . ock help I with this drum , I need to get they to my laboratory immediately . roz do as he say . ock push flash and liz with he iron arm . gripping liz be she hair , he shove she into the car . ock drive , flash , before I flush you girl right down the toilet ! spider -man Professor rosomorf , it 's no good , double deal ... why do you help he ...? rosomorf find a rope and look into the well . roz do not lose you energy scream . catch this rope and climb up , come on ! int . roz' car - night they drive along the highway . spidey be recover , work he neck . roz I have be through the octavius data . he have enough power with he plutonium . especially if he get he hand on parker 's data , there he have enough power to do what he want to do . and we be not go to stop he in time before the planetary conjunction occur tonight ... spider -man stop the car . I have a idea . they're in the middle of riverside drive but a phone booth be come up on the right . insert : roz be foot stab the brake . int . roz' car - night spidey get out of the car . then he pat himself where he pocket ought to be . spider -man do you have a dime ? int . peter parker' apartment - night harry be there , work on the computer , phone ring , harry pick up . peter Harry ?! harry Peter , where be you ? int . phone booth - night spider -man listen , Harry . you must get my paper before ock use it ... int . peter parker' apartment - night harry you planetary conjunction data ? it 's too late ... ock 's get you paper , it 's in he computer already . insert : the computer screen display a graphic of the SUN , earth , and moon lining up with jupiter and saturn . harry but do not worry ... he can never use it without plutonium . spider-man ( v.o. ) he 's get the plutonium , and he 's on he way back to the lab ! and he 's get two prisoner with he ... Liz and flash ! harry do not worry ... he need a huge amount of power ... thousand of volt of electricity ... to get to the anti-force . spider -man he can get to the power . Electrical power ... to the max . nuclear power ... sl 270 . and now , at the moment of full planetary conjunction . when all the planet line up with the sun ... maximum gravitational power . the conjunction be ock 's final power source . harry damn ... the conjunction be due at midnight ! what be we go to do ? ext . university ground - night the blue mg arrive and come to a stop . ock look at he two prisoner in the back seat and smile to himself ... pick up one drum on each shoulder . ock okey , dokey ... have fun , young one ... for the last time . ock leave . liz and flash be tie together in the back seat of the car . liz ( still minister ) what do we do now ? flash we kiss the world goodbye . if he be right , all there be leave to do be ... liz wait ... I think I can release my right hand ... int . peter parker' apartment - night harry how much time be leave ? wait ... I can find out ... my God ... 59 minute ! int . phone booth - night spider -man the only way we can interfere with ock 's plan be to find a computer center ... fast . harry ( v.o. ) we University have the biggest center in town . spider -man yeah , but who 's gonna work them ? ext . university ground - night Professor ock come for some more drum . he see that liz and flash have disappear . ock pick up two drum . harry see flash and liz come run to the school grounds . harry I think I can get some help ... I can teach anyone how to work a code in five minute . spider-man ( v.o. ) then do it ! int . computer lab - night the light be off , but the computer be on . harry look over liz' shoulder as she crack through a code . her screen read out , " connecticut . tech . fully op , line backlog , Security Max level . " the last line be flashing . kim hey , this be easy . they all run from computer to computer . flash hey , Harry I need help . harry come ! harry type in karnaky lot and get the same response . he look at he digital wristwatch . " 01:00:02 " become " 00:59:59 " as we watch . then a warning buzzer ! kim I get one ! I get one ! liz Harry ! get over here ! harry hurry to kim be side and elbow she out of the chair . the screen be flash " warning , Security breach ! " harry be hand fly over the key . the kide gather around . line drawing of the cyclotron ( progress from large to small detail ) appear one after the other . finally , a pipe . there be a circle around a joint . and the legend " h20 " . harry a goddamn water leak ... flash hey , look at this . Empire State University . this be we cyclotron , right ? harry ( serious ) what do it say ? flash ( hit two key ) it say " no information on net . " harry damn ... we can not do it ... kim you mean ... we can not stop loony ock ... harry I mean the world be in danger ... flash we must find Peter , he know this computer better than all of we . harry yes , but where the hell be he ? liz ( mysteriously ) I bet he be with spider - man ... suddenly the light dim . a heavy noise . a earth quake . ext . outer space - perpetual dark the earth be move into line with the other planet of the conjunction . ext . science CENTER - night harry and flash and liz and kim , ( the earth be shaking ) come out run from the building beneath a enormous hanging moon . they be frighten . suddenly it all stop . it 's quiet , the kid look at the sky . liz look at the moon ... I have never see it so big . flash what be that ... harry must be the sun . we now see the sky . with the sun on one side , and the moon on the other . they watch it , shocked , frighten out of they wit . ext . end of the world montage - night suddenly from ock be basement lab a blue beam of light break through . a whine start , it move magically out of the window and pan around a sleepy new york which do not know that the end be upon it . the dread whine build throughout ! people stop in they track , look up to the strange look skyline . camera come down to a street where roz be drive spider -man fast toward the university . int . roz' car - night roz look out over the skyline of new york . lighted building flare up and then go dark . the lighted spire of the Empire State Building flare up and explode . spider -man it 's start . step on it Professor , or we will never make it . they look across the campus and a strange light be come out of the science CENTER . roz we campus ... right there ... see that beam from ock 's lab . we be late ... it 's come ... the conjunction will happen in a few second . spider -man massage he arm . spider -man stop the car ...! come with I . roz where ...? what ...? spider -man shoot out a web and fly toward the school build take roz with he . int . experimental chamber - night it be a patchwork of make - shift repair . ock look in through a window that 's be melt out . he be lose in a mad rapture . int . control room - night red power throttle be at 95 % power ! spider -man and roz enter , shield they eye from the glare . the countdown clock read , " 00:08: 18 " . ock ( look back , madly ) aha ! you never include the conjunction in you calculation , do you ?! rosomorf ! roz damn the calculation ! my God , otto , you have to hear I ! the world we know will collapse ! everything we have devote we life to ... all the pattern , all the harmony ... everything will be destroy . ock a new world wait ! rosomorf ! it be my destiny !!! roz it be cosmic suicide ! you have no right ! roz fling himself through the melted window into the experimental chamber . he grab for the " bullet " but the waldos grab he and throw he back . roz stagger backward ... into the arm of spider -man . roz you have to stop he ... spider - man you have to stop he . spider -man I be afraid we be too late . spider -man attack ock , try to push he away from the throttle . ock push spider -man away from he so strongly that spider - man be knock down . ock nudge the power throttle forward and the whine increase to a ear shatter pitch . the countdown clock read , " 00:06:48 " . we be at 96 % power ! ext . the science CENTER - night we pan down from the moon to a STREET full of siren and shadowy figure run in the night . liz and kim and harry come nearer . a very weird light be emanate from the CENTER . liz he 's in there . I know Peter be in there . she break into a run . flash Liz , do not ... Liz come back ... come back ! liz run inside . they run after she . a bolt of electricity flash across the doorway , stop they . int . the control room - night the planet be play on the computer screen . thing in the room begin to rise , weightless . the ENERGY STORM be brewing ! ock okey , dokey !! my energy storm have start . my anti- Force be on ! History be be make ... spider - man , rosomorf cheer up friend ... we be on we way to the unknown cosmos ... we three be about to visit heaven ... real god heaven . roz ( see the sky through the window ) spider - man ! the conjunction ! it 's happen ! ext . the sky - strange color - night the conjunction be now happen . insert : surreal dial spin madly . int . science CENTER - night liz run into a hallway go berserk . stuff be fly everywhere . tile pull from the wall and crash to the ceiling . liz Peter ! Peter , where be you ?! int . control room - night ock throw the red power throttle to 97 % power . cacophony ! the " bullet " begin to pulse and throb ! the dial spin ! the countdown clock read , " 00:05:58 " . ext . science CENTER - night the full moon hang over the building . flash and harry and kim stand at the entrance to the CENTER . flash start to run to the building . flash ( scream ) Liz ! Liz come on out ! they run forward but as they reach the front step the building lurch upward . the bottom step become a wall of stone and dirt , six foot high . harry get back ! flash ... get back ! flash wow ...! then the building lurch upward again ! this time it pull free from the ground . the kide take cover as water line burst and electrical wire spark . int . science CENTER hallway - night liz open a door . liz Peter ! the building lurch throw she back across the hall where she crash through another door . int . chemistry lab - night all manner of stuff be fly around . liz come slide across the floor . she crash into a cabinet . glassware start to fall on she , but crash into the ceiling instead . she be drag up the wall . she kick and scream against the anti-force . ext . science CENTER - night flash , kim and harry look on as heavy electrical cable stretch upward to the rise CENTER and then snap in shower of spark . as they fall away the CENTER become airborne . the cable wave up at it , shoot arc of electricity directly at the building . int . chemistry lab - night liz slide down the wall . she grab at the window and look out . the rest of the university recede beneath she , now a hundred foot below . and they be still rise ! flash and harry look up . flash oh my God ... Liz be inside there ! harry and Professor rosomorf and crazy ock . flash what about Peter ? be he there with they ? harry no , but I bet spider - man be . ext . STREET in front of university - night people look up at the science CENTER . a cyclist , riding and look , crash into a taxi . max reiss leap out with the beautiful starlet from the taxi . max that 's some show ... if ever I see one . int . jameson' office - night he 's look out he window see the University 's Lab Building fly by . up and up toward the sky . jameson ( shouting ) tear out the front page ! Change the headline ... the biggest news be happen right now ... we need photo ... a camera ... get I a camera ...! ext . sky - night a very long shot of the science CENTER rise into the cloud . int . aunt may' bedroom - night she pull aside a curtain and watch the science CENTER rise . int . control room - night ock work the computer as the console send up shower of SPARKS . he glance at the " bullet " which now pulse . the countdown clock at " 00:04 : 18 " . roz where be it go otto ? ock other world , roz , other time , other dimension , who know ? who care ? roz then ... why ? ock Truth , rosomorf . look at it ! the new truth ! the new way ! spider -man do not listen to he Professor roz . ock no , you do not listen to that clown , he can not save you , or the world for that matter . a waldo reach in and rip roz off spidey , fling he back against a wall . roz land in a heap beneath a FIRE station ( hose , extinguisher , axe ) . we see the waldo reach out for spider -man . it wrap around he foot and begin to tug , slowly ... ock once and for all , spider - man ... once and for all we will end the legend of you power . ock knock spider -man with a real big blow with he waldo . ock be slowly drag spider -man to a huge hole that 's be rip in the floor by the beam of electricity . we see New York a half a mile down through the hole . we see spidey be draw across the hole . then roz come fly in with the FIRE axe . roz hack away at the waldo and chop it off ! the stump withdraw . ock examine it in pain and fury ! ock ( ultimate betrayal ) you !! you be my teacher !!! roz do not even look back . he and spidey be at the edge of the hole and he 's shaking spidey furiously . ock send out he other waldo and begin bang it on the floor in a frenzy on either side of roz and spidey . like a child deny , he smashes he steel fist against the floor again and again . ock you be my teacher ! and you want to destroy my experiment . you be a scientist for heaven sake ... do not you want to know what 's up there ? roz yes , but not on account of we world . we have only one world ... only one life . the floor begin to craze and then crack like ice around a hole on a pond . bang ! bang ! spidey come to just as the section of floor beneath himself and roz give way and fall through . spidey grab hold of the edge and dangle . he look down and see roz fall away beneath he , disappear into the dark . roz ( call back from the dark sky ) spider - man ! only you can save we now ... spider -man roz !!! ( turn to ock ) murderer !!! ock forget that old fool , insect . my spider - man ... come join I on my fantastic voyage to the 7th heaven . ext . outer space - perpetual dark the planet be virtually in line ! int . science CENTER hallway - night liz come run through it . a bolt of electricity shoot from the right to the leave in front of she . she slam on the brake and run the other way . liz Peter ! Peter ! int . control room - night the countdown clock be at , " 00:02:59 " . ock throw the power throttle to 98 % power . he laugh and a web splat against he glass . spidey scramble to he foot . ock , still try to get the web goo off he glass , be slam into the console by spider -man . SPARKS fly and waldos flail blindly , smash thing . ock tear off he glass and squint through the FIRE and smoke and glare . spider -man thwip the ceiling and swing into a drop kick ! ock recover . he grab spidey and slam dunk he through the hole in the floor . ext . the bottom of the build - night spider -man fall through the air . he shoot up a web and thwip , it stick to the rocky bottom of the foundation . ock appear in the hole . he see spidey be dilemma , hang on a thread of web . a half - break waldo snake down and clip the web . but the web stick to the waldo ! ock shake it , but he can not get loose . spider -man shoot out another web at the rock bottom and , with the leverage , he pull ock out . ock swing down in a wide arc and he waldos catch on the rock upside down . he hold on fiercely . ock scramble out to the side of the CENTER and begin look for a entry . spider -man be right on he tail . the building pitch sideways ! ock turn to face spider - man , he break waldos out for battle . spidey grab a exposed pipe and break it off , brandish it like a broad sword . spider -man let 's have it , old boy ! a bizarre duel take place . the CENTER pitch this way and that . spidey and ock move from foothold to foothold , from window to ledge to parapet . now the CENTER pitch to a 45 degree angle . they duel upside down ! a window grate crash open and liz come fly out , hold onto the grate for dear life ! spider -man Liz !! ock seize the opportunity to whack spidey across the head . spidey lose he foot but the building now lurch back and liz go fly back inside . spidey duck inside too and pull the grate . spider -man use he great strength to move a huge piece of scientific machinery in front of the grate . spider -man come on . liz where 's Peter ? he must be here somewhere . spider -man ( pull she ahead ) he 's around , do not worry ... we will find he . int . control room - night the countdown clock be at , " 00:01:00 " as spidey come fly in with liz in tow . liz this building be fly . I be in a goddamn fly building ... spider -man I think we have to pull some of this cable . try that over there . I will work on this . we gotta slow this thing down somehow . we get helicopter come . liz look at some wiring , apprehensive about even touch it . spider -man pull ! she yank out a cable . the building pitch . but when spidey pull one out , it rights itself . ext . science CENTER - night the big beam start cut out one by one . the CENTER begin to pitch and yaw . the chopper be get closer . int . control room - night the countdown clock read , " 00:00: 15 " as spidey and liz continue to pull wire and cable . two waldos erupt through the floor and grab spidey . they pull spidey to the floor . entangle in this molybdimum python , spidey struggle valiantly . liz leap to he aid . liz oh my God ... a third waldo , a break one , snake up from the hole and begin feel blindly around on the console for the power throttle . spider-man the power ! liz see the damage waldos head for the red throttle . the countdown clock be at " 00:00 : 10 " . liz leap and try to wrestle it away . it whip in she arm and she hold on tight . it bang she against the wall and then the console . she hold on . " 00:00:03 " . the waldo crash liz against the wall which erupt in SPARKS . she let go of it . it head for the power throttle ! " 00:00:01 ! " spider -man can not break the grip of the waldos , but he can pull with super-human strength . he yank ock up through the stone floor . ock hit the ceiling of the control room . one waldo grab on . the other one throw the red power throttle ! ock spider - man . you be end be come . life in its present form be end ... new dimension , new horizon ... the universal bullet begin to glow . the glow sharpen to a point of light . spider -man hold on tight against a rush ENERGY flow that 's pull everything in the room towards the point of light . liz ( brace against the storm ) what be happen ? spider -man ( similarly brace ) I do not know !!! liz start to slip away into the flow . she struggle against it . liz I can not ... hold on ! spidey thwip she and she grab onto the web . spider -man hold tight , Liz , hold tight ! ock drop calmly , beatifically , to the floor of the room . he move slowly , under he own power , into the light . ock ( space out ) you cut my power ... there 's too little power ... it 's so tiny ... so tiny ... there 's only space ... for I . but I have do it , spider - man . I have break through ... I have break through ! liz do not do it , Dr. octavius ! ock okey ... dokey ... now that 's what I call a experiment !!! as he near the light he actually become a part of it . he radiate light . he shimmer and shine . he fill the room with blinding light . spidey and liz shield they eye , and as the light diminish , the storm subside . they be safe . except for the fact that they be in a float building , 10,000 foot above the city ! ext . science CENTER - night against the backdrop of the moon , a squadron of helicopter approach the CENTER . from they Pov , a huge crack open across the face of the building . the CENTER begin to drop in pulsing surge . int . control room - night spider -man be at the console pull and put back wire . liz , fascinate , look in at the window where ock disappear . spider -man I can not control she . she 's drop too fast ! alright ... let 's go ! liz but what about Peter ? we have get to find Peter ! spider -man Peter will be okay , I promise you ... let 's go before it 's too late . ( he grab she ) liz go where ? ext . the CENTER - night it rotate and drop . the helicopter come in like the cavalry . int . control room - night try to leave it , liz and spidey be confront with a nightmare . the room be tilt at a 45 % angle . pipe be burst . spidey help liz through the obstacle . debris rain down . they come face to face with a diagonal maze of pipe . spider -man maybe there 's another way ... a huge crack open above they . liz it 's break apart ! spider -man alright , keep move , a step at a time ! they scale the maze , but as they emerge on the other side , half the floor fall away ! Central Park await , 8,000 foot below . liz we have to go back . spider -man we can not go back . he look across at the door . it be midway up a diagonal wall . he shoot a web up at the ceiling between themselves and the door . then he extend a hand to liz . liz forget it ... spider -man okay , have it you way . he swing across and land on the ledge of the door . then he swing the web back to she like a trapeze . liz catch the web and look across at spider - man , furious . liz ( shouting across ) what be I suppose to do with this ! spider-man ( shouting back ) go ahead . it 's easier than it look ! we have get to try the fire escape . liz swing across like tarzan and spidey gather she in on the ledge . she do a comic " phew " and the ledge buckle beneath they but hold . spider -man try to open the door , but it 's stick . liz the door be stick . spider -man bend he back to the task . it take all he strength , but with a comic aaaaargghh ! he bend the door open . ext . FIRE door - night they burst out onto the rock foundation of the building . New York be rush up to meet they . the wind create by they fall buffet they . the helicopter arrive , and the fall building plunge right past they . the helicopter look across at each other , helpless . ext . the CENTER - night it drop like a stone . ext . FIRE door - night spidey and liz be fall away from the door , slide along the rock . liz be stop by a retaining wall . spidey keep slide . he thwip the wall and then disappear over the edge . liz scream ! liz fight to she foot and grab onto the web stand . she pull on it with all she strength . she pull and pull and pull . we see the web run up between the rock . she give one last pull and come up with a empty web end . a long , long beat . peter ( v.o. ) Liz , up here ! liz look up and see peter hang out the window two storey above she . he throw out a rope ladder . liz grab it . she begin to climb . int . classroom - night peter pull liz through the window . there be no time for a embrace . peter come on . I have find a way down . liz ( at long last , love ) I know you be go to say that . they run out of the room . we pan down and see , crumpled beneath the window , the spider -man suit . int . large physics lab - night this be the lab we see in the open sequence . peter have turn on the light . he 's get a handful of rope . liz where 's the way out ? peter right there ! we be look at the huge american flag . peter come on , help I with this . ext . the foundation - night liz be already down the rope ladder and be hold it for peter . he come down with a huge bundle of red , white &amp ; blue . peter okay , stand still . he tie some rope around she waist . liz be this go to work ? peter how do I know ? liz I just adore confidence in a man . peter come on ... they move to the edge of the rock and look down . central park be still a couple thousand foot down . liz what be it you say when you jump ? peter you prayer . they scream as the building lurch again , knock they to the ground . they start to slide across the rock . they reach out for each other but they hand do not quite reach . slowly , they inch back together , but the foundation crack between they . ext . the CENTER - night it spin and fall beneath we . down , down it go . and then it crash into the great lawn . a huge cloud of debris shoot upward . ext . the sky - night there be a beautiful full moon . peter and liz float down into the frame light by its wonderful light . the american flag which have turn into a huge parachute . they hold each other tight . they can hear siren below . they begin to laugh with relief . then they stop . the wind billow liz' skirt and play with peter be hair , and snap in the american flag . liz we have a lot to thank you friend spider - man for . peter somehow , I do not think we have see the last of he . liz Peter ...! finder , keeper ... peter what ...? what be it ? why do you look like that ? liz I think I be in love . peter ( even he eye blush ) you be ... liz with you friend ... peter spider - man ? you be in love with spider - man ? liz I be ... you think we will see he again ? peter we might ... you never know . he kiss she . liz oh. ( bittersweet ) this may be the end of a beautiful friendship you know ? peter Nah . they land in the center of the park under the parachute . they stay there and kiss ... completely cover by the flag . camera pull up to show the building float away . the end