window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app12.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=1248;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://www.geocities.com:80/emruf1/spitfire.html " , " 20050716081550 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1121501750 " ) ; the spitfire the spitfire ( 1914 ) " the spitfire . " by Edward H. peple. scenario by B. P. schulberg . ( produce by the famous player ' Film co . ) cast . Bruce morson . valda girard . Marcus girard . James ormond . tracey . beasley . aunt Mary . polly . synopsis . Bruce morson , a young american , return from travel in Egypt be rob of some valuable jewel in a London hotel , and chase the thief to the yacht , " spitfire , " at calais , which the crook have board and take command of under forge order from its owner , Marcus girard , who be in London . the yacht be just about to sail out of port , but by a ruse , morson manage to get aboard , and promptly fall in love with valda , girard 's pretty daughter , who be also a " spitfire . " the crook tell valda she father be a smuggler , show she the jewel they have steal , and convince she they be guard they for she father , and that morson be a custom officer , spying upon she in order to trap girard . valda indignantly turn upon the helpless morson , order he into seaman 's costume , and compel he to work he passage to New York . on the homeward voyage , morson undergoe many ordeal , both humorous and dramatic , and be even finally accuse of the theft of he own property , before the final denouement , which show the burn of the yacht and the heroic rescue of valda by morson , who be at last able to right himself , before the thief , and win the woman he love . the Story . leader . bruce morson , a american engineer , travel through eygpt . scene 1 . exterior --desert atmosphere . Sandy road . morson and two egyptian servant riding along on horseback . morson dress for desert travel , helmet , khaki suit , etc. , study guidebook , survey scenery , etc . scene 2 . exterior--desert . tent in background . Little Oriental child in foreground , evidently wander from tent . small band of marauder ( 6 ) rush into scene , snatch child off . sudden commotion at door of tent . Men and woman run from tent , and from behind tent , old Sheik snatch rifle , mount horse , ride off hastily , few servant follow . scene 3 . exterior --stretch of sandy road ( similar to scene 1 ) . morson register he have see theft of child . tell servant , urge horse forward , look again , snatch rifle , aim carefully -- shoot ( quick action in all this ) - - cut . scene 4 . exterior --desert . distant view of man with child ( dummy ) on horseback in lead -- man roll from horse . scene 5 . exterior . morson and follower riding swiftly to rescue . scene 6 . exterior --desert . Sheik and follower ride into scene , beat down marauder . child rise unhurt . Sheik leap from horse to child . morson and servant join Sheik in finally rout brigands . Sheik with son in arm , thanks morson gratefully . cut . leader . next day the shiek send morson invaluable jewel as a reward . scene 7 . exterior--desert . hastily - erect traveler ' tent . morson sit in front of it . he be make note , eat food servant hand he . Messenger bring he packet from Sheik , which prove to be valuable jewel . scene 8 . close up of open of packet and jewel . scene 9 . interior --girard's wall STREET office in n. y. typical broker 's office , handsomely furnish . girard , prosperous , gray-haire , big gruff man , busy at desk . clerk come and go . activity in office . enter valda , he daughter , push past clerk , who timorously indicate she father have say no one must enter . she approach desk , he turn with a scowl , until he see it be he daughter , smile grimly in spite of himself , then motion she off -- too busy for she . she stamp foot -- want he to come with she - - he can not , it be out of the question -- she pick up hat from rack , she indicate clock , put hat on he head , try to drag he off , he resist . CUT -in . " you mother be the only woman who could boss I ! " back to scene . valda register little tempest of rage at be cross -- pound he desk with she fist -- he do the same , both angry , she " chip off the old block " -- at last she turn and flounce , almost in tear - - he still angry , then chuckle slowly after door close , shake head , rise , put on coat and hat , follow she rapidly -- he turn at door and give awful look to grin clerk , which stiffen they into soberness . leader . that evening . scene 10 . interior --typical new york club room . girard sit , smoking , read -- waiter deferentially light he cigar -- two man walk in , one of they ormond , conspicuous for elegance and suavity . ormond be introduce to girard by the other -- the three sit and talk -- girard order drink . girard seem impressed and interested by ormond during conversation . girard and ormond exchange card -- girard examine ormond 's card . flash card . insert . ( Card ) : jame ormond pres. International tour company , Offices : London , Paris and Berlin . back to scene . girard register interest . ormond show by sinister flicker of eyelid he triumph in get personal attention of the rich man . after a little talk , they rise and go out together . scene 11 . interior --ormond's HOTEL room . ormond , beasley , trainor and tracey on -- by contrast , ormond and beasley be gentlemanly in every attitude , while trainor and tracey be " rough - neck " -- they be seat , group closely together about little center table , talk very earnestly -- register caution when one raise voice too loud , evidently conspire -- sinister --- evidently band of crook -- ormond take girard 's card , pass it to the other -- speak : CUT -in . " a wealthy capitalist -- worth follow ! " back to scene . other interested -- talk animatedly -- tracey over - serious , take himself and he business and the world very seriously , chew cigar solemnly , be rough and positive in movement , pound fist on table once , other silence he -- ormond direct conversation to beasley , they agree to something -- beasley agree , nod head in reply to ormond 's instruction . cut . scene 12 . exterior --on pier . girard and valda , accompany by ormond , come into scene . girard point to trim yacht in the distance , point out its various point . ormond again impress the old man with he knowledge of yacht and admiration of this particular one -- into launch and off . scene 13 . close up of launch . valda , girard and ormond talk . girard with mischievous sly look at he daughter , say : CUT -in . " I have name the yacht after my daughter ! " scene 14 . full view of launch and yacht -- with name of " spitfire " plainly print on bow of yacht . valda register petulant indignation . girard turn to ormond with " I tell you so " expression - - laugh . scene 15 . deck of yacht near landing stairway . girard , valda and ormond come over stairway to deck . capt. larris greet party , speak to girard , in reply to girard 's question as to how thing be go , tell girard they need new first mate . Register ormond 's opportunity , as girard seem perplex , speak : CUT -in . " if you need a first mate , I know just the man . " girard shake ormond 's hand . glad. speak to larris . larris nod briefly . Register that larris do not appreciate but - in of ormond . they stroll out of scene . scene 16 . exterior --a tent . Desert exterior . morson issue from tent , he and servant finish load pack -horse , and he bid good - bye to servant , give they coin which they receive gratefully . he mount horse , servant lead the other horse by bridle , other servant all salaam - - he and servant wave farewell salute , he with he hat , servant with hand -- he be leave the desert , he face set toward " home . " scene 17 . interlor --office of girard . girard and ormond chat , office empty , clock point to 5:30 . enter valda , very much upset -- have little weekly paper in she hand -- nod curtly to ormond as she remember to greet he . turn to she father angrily . begins to speak , glance rather nervously at ormond , who take cue and stroll to window stand with hand behind back -- pretend not to hear , although listen . valda show father clipping . flash clipping . insert . " town item . " it have just transpire that a certain New York capitalist and yachtsman on he return from Europe find himself in serious trouble with the custom officer , who have discover in he luggage some valuable jewel , which he say he have " forget " to declare , and which probably be intend to deck he beautiful daughter , a popular debutante of the season . girard read , laugh , shrug shoulder . valda take it more seriously . she stamp foot , tear necklace from neck , throw it on desk before he . girard get furious , throw papers on floor , pound desk . valda up to door , angry , in tear . girard follow she . scene at door , during which ormond slyly pick up paper , read , tear out article , slip it in pocket , throw paper back under desk . girard back to deck after valda leave , try to appear unconcern . cut . scene 18 . interior ---ormond's room in HOTEL . beasley and ormond on , talk . both in evening dress . ormond draw out clipping he tore from paper , talk about it . beasley interested -- nod -- ormond speak : CUT -in . " you be to be first mate on the ' spitfire . ' we may need that yacht in we business . " ormond show beasley theater ticket ( do not flash ) . beasley smile broadly . both talk , beasley agree with ormond . ormond and beasley go out of room . scene 19 . interior --reception parlor --small but beautifully furnished . girard , in smoking jacket and slipper , come in with ormond , evidently just from outdoors . Father send may for valda , and call servant , who take ormond 's stick , hat and glove . Father be genial in manner toward ormond , who talk pleasantly . enter valda , who greet ormond politely , but not effusively . he draw theater ticket from pocket and invite she to theater . she plead headache . Father look at she sternly . she flash back at he behind ormond 's back . ormond take aback and baffle , but smoothly conceal feeling . returns ticket to pocket , sit , talk entertainingly to valda , who be bored , but too polite to show it . ormond politely draw girard into conversation . valda take chance to plead headache and withdraw , to the chagrin of both ormond and she father , though she do it pleasantly . cut . scene 20 . deck of the yacht . prepare to leave - - crew active . beasley now first mate in uniform of " spitfire , " much in evidence . Register larris ' dislike for the officious beasley . scene 21 . interior --valda's room . valda , father and may pack ; steamer trunk with travel clothes , frock , etc . girard fussily superintend with outburst from valda now and then . valet assist and be regularly scold . enter she aunt Mary and cousin polly , who be greet with enthusiasm by valda . Father and aunt Mary register mutual lack of sympathy . girard , scowling , leave . polly wild with excitement and curiosity about valda 's prospective trip to Europe . she exclaim in envy and valda , suddenly get mischievous idea , turn to she , ask if they want to go , too . polly , after a moment of silent surprise , turn to aunt Mary , beg she . aunt Mary finally consent . polly dance about in joy , hug aunt and valda . valda laugh to herself as aunt and polly leave in excitement . scene 22 . interior ---clubroom ( as in scene 10 ) . ormond and friend who previously introduce he , there with other . girard come in , tell of he come trip , bid all good - bye , ask ormond if he would like to go . ormond hesitates , narrow eye , as though he think better of it ( as though plotting ) then refuse politely . all then crowd around girard , ormond lead in good - bye toast . scene 23 . deck of yacht . everything in readiness . capt. larris make last tour of inspection . girard come aboard with luggage carry by valet -- very fussy and very cross -- steward assist he . scene 24 . ormond' room at HOTEL . trainor , tracey and ormond at door of room . ormond give man final instruction . give each he steamer ticket fold , which they unfold and examine -- nod - - he direct they to meet he later , point off -- they nod -- all out . scene 25 . deck of yacht . girard wait for valda . " late as usual . " he say same to capt . larris , who agree with he . " woman be all alike . " girard pace deck impatiently , look at watch , stamp and swear . suddenly he turn and see valda come up landing stairway follow by ormond . girard register relief . she run to he and when he reprimand she for she tardiness , smile sweetly at he and step aside , say : CUT -in . " I forget to tell you , I have invite aunt Mary and cousin polly to go to Europe with we ! " she step aside and disclose aunt Mary puffing up the stairway follow by the gleeful and excited polly . girard take one look . a expression of horror come over he face and he nearly collapse . capt. larris support he and see the humor of it , aside . aunt Mary look sternly at the hapless girard . during this business ormond walk out . cut . scene 26 . another section of bow around boat . out of sight of other , beasley on , give instruction to sailor . ormond come on , talk to beasley hurriedly and earnestly . beasley register he understand . ormond return to scene 27 . same as scene 25 ( deck of yacht ) . bid all good - bye and hastily off . scene 28 . bow of deck . final casting off , and raise of anchor . scene 29 . interior --corner of smoking room on yacht . near buffet . girard with look of despair , take huge drink of whisky , downs it at one gulp . scene 30 . exterior -- pier . ormond wait , look toward yacht -- see it steam off , look a moment , hastily turn , run off . scene 31 . exterior --street near pier . ormond hail taxi--jumps in after give direction to chauffeur . off . scene 32 . exterior --gangplank of ocean liner . ormond run hastily up , the grin face of trainor and tracey peer at he over the rail . leader . morson arrive in london . scene 33 . exterior --london HOTEL . Bruce morson arrive at entrance with luggage -- look around with pleased expression . glad to be back in civilization . uniform attendant come forward for luggage . he go in . scene 34 . exterior --stretch of ocean . the yacht and ocean liner , liner in lead , both move in same direction . end of reel one . " the spitfire . " reel two . scene 35 . exterior . cafe . ormond and tracey at side table , and few other in group at table . morson and friend come in , sit at table , order drink . morson peel bill from large roll , pay for drink . ormond get glimpse of bill . tracey , see , tug at ormond 's sleeve , with bulg eye . ormond , always the control master crook , calm he sternly , but move he chair back a little to hear morson talk . ormond 's back be toward morson , in response to friend 's question morson tell of he experience with the Sheik in Egypt . as he talk fade out into scene 36 . same as scene 3 . Quick flash . scene 37 . same as scene 4 . Quick flash . scene 38 . same as scene 6 . Quick flash . scene 39 . same as scene 7 and 8 . fade out into scene 40 . same as scene 36 . at finish of the narrative , morson half pull out jewel case from pocket with : CUT -in . " and so he give I this jewel . " morson , with half look around , suddenly remember he be in a public place and put back jewel . ormond indicate intense interest , but have to quiet tracey , who be now nearly crazy with covetous greed . morson and friend rise and go out . ormond and tracey rise , tracey rise so quickly that he knock over chair , nearly ready to run after morson . ormond pull tracey back sternly . they go out , affect casual indifference . scene 41 . same as scene 33 , exterior . morson's HOTEL . morson arrive and go in . ormond and tracey follow cautiously , as though they have be shadow at a distance . leader . " 714 , please . " scene 42 . interior , HOTEL lobby . morson come into scene , go to desk and get key . tracey walk casually past desk in time to catch number , turn and walk out , as morson walk toward elevator . cut . scene 43 . exterior , HOTEL ( same as scene 41 ) . tracey out , rejoin ormond , tell number ; both off ; tracey excited . scene 44 . exterior , harbor . spitfire steaming into harbor , city in distance . scene 45 . exterior , upper deck of spitfire . valda , aunt Mary and polly look over rail toward city . valda explain to the excited party , marine glass in use , etc . scene 46 . interior , smoking room . beasley cautiously write , occasionally look over shoulder . flash telegram : insert . James ormond , Hotel cecil , London . arrive at calais , drop girard and valet at Liverpool ; old man will be tie up with business deal in London for ten day and be stop at Hotel ritz . await further instruction from you . beasley . finishes write , fold paper , put in pocket . cut . scene 47 . interior , english HOTEL room ( handsomely furnished ) . girard fume , as usual , valet unpack and panic-stricken . cut . scene 48 . exterior , pier --supposedly at calais . Launch land , aunt Mary , polly and valda exit from launch and scene , with individual business . aunt Mary nervous . scene 49 . interior . ormond' room in london HOTEL --rather well -fitted room . discover ormond , smoking and plan , narrow eye , uniform boy bring telegram on tray . ormond take message , tip boy , read , nod , dismiss boy , then study telegram . flash ( London receive blank ) . insert . wire written by beasley in scene 46 . ormond register approval , knock on door . trainor and tracey arrive . ormond instinctively conceal wire until he see who they be . Three talk and plan . trainor be crook of lowest type . tracey " rough - neck " sport , still chew cigar . tracey and trainor lounge about in characteristic attitude . when ormond show wire they become keen and alert and businesslike . all head together . ormond outline action : CUT -in . " when the job be do , make for calais and meet I on the ' spitfire . ' " tracey and trainor excited and eager . all leave . scene 50 . exterior , STREET --tint night . ormond , tracey and trainor come on . ormond give last direction and leave , ormond go in opposite direction from other . scene 51 . interior , girard room HOTEL -- light -- night ( same as scene 47 ) . girard , change shoe , excited . valet become nervous . as valet hand girard shoe he drop it on he stockinge foot . girard in rage and pain , pick up shoe and hurl it at valet , evidently strike he in the face ; valet put hand to face . girard command he to bring the shoe . valet bring shoe with one hand , guard he face with the other . girard snatch shoe , put it on , slap on hat and go out of room with a final impression . valet shake fist toward close door , really dare to be a man in girard 's absence . scene 52 . exterior , HOTEL ( imposing ) -- entrance as english as possible . girard come out . ormond , who have be cautiously watch in background , hat pull over eye , now come forward and go , into hotel . scene 53 . interior , lobby in morson's HOTEL ( same as scene 42 ) . tracey and trainor in -- up to desk -- speak to clerk : CUT -in . " we be friend of Mr. morson 's and would like the room next to he . " clerk look at he list of vacant room , nod , call front , give key , they register , and off . scene 54 . interior , corridor in HOTEL --two door showing in row--714 and 716 . bellboy , trainor and tracey come to room 716 - - bellboy insert key in lock . cut . scene 55 . interior , HOTEL room of girard ( same as scene 51 ) . ormond enter and be greet with pleased surprise by valet . ormond ask valet about black eye . valet explain , tell he trouble . ormond sympathize . ormond give valet cigar , sit , motion valet to sit ; valet show he be pleased and flatter by ormond 's condescension . sit awkwardly . ormond begin to talk earnestly . cut . scene 56 . interior , morson's room in HOTEL . morson prepare to retire , open window wider , take jewel out of belt case , put they under pillow ( they be in soft chamois bag ) . morson start undress , take off collar . cut . scene 57 . interior , girard room in HOTEL . continuation of conversation between ormond and valet . valet now on ormond 's side , listen eagerly . ormond give valet bill , which valet take gloatingly . ormond rise : CUT -in . " remember , if any telegram arrive from calais for Mr. girard , you be to read and answer they as I have instruct . " valet nod with many assurance that he will do as tell . ormond smile , pat bim on back . a monograme cigar case of girard 's be on dresser - - as he turn , ormond see it -- think -- he decide to ask for it -- valet at first hesitates , then give it to he -- he go out , smile in sinister fashion - - valet gloat over money . scene 58 . interior --morson's room ( as in scene 56 ) . morson , in pajamas , put hand up to turn out light . cut to scene 59 . interior --corridor outside room 714 and 716 ( as in scene 54 ) no light in 716 , door slightly ajar , hall dimly light . tracey 's face in door of 716 , peer cautiously out toward 714 . the light that show over transom of 714 suddenly go out . look of satisfaction on tracey 's face as he disappear into darken room 716 again . scene 60 . exterior --r. R. station -- night . ormond pace platform impatiently wait for dover train ( suggestion , sign in vicinity of platform , " train for dover - - time , etc . " ) . scene 61 . exterior --showing window --moonlight -- showing window ledge adjoining , so that one window can be reached from the other --deep ledge , etc . the figure of trainor , with dark lantern , mask , revolver , etc. , from he window L. to R. window , make journey with difficulty , register peril , caution and fear ; he reach the other window , begin to enter , tracey follow , start from L. window in same manner . cut . scene 62 . interior --morson's room ( as in scene 56 ) room almost in total darkness --only weak shaft of light in transom , coming from light in corridor . trainor come through window with lantern , flash light about room , throw it on morson 's sleep face , quickly off again , he shadowy form approach bed , see in light which he have place on table . he take bottle from pocket , saturate handkerchief , put over morson 's face - - at this point tracey come through window -- light now increase by two lantern . morson stir . tracey quickly search for jewel , feel under pillow , flash light on it , pull out jewel bag-- register triumph -- morson rouse in spite of chloroform , jump up while he be struggle with trainor , tracey run with jewel to window and clamber out . trainor hit morson over head with revolver . morson stagger back against the bed a instant , but recover , dash blood from eye and rush after trainor as he reach window , pull he back into room by leg -- desperate struggle with intermittent darkness and gleam from the lantern . cut . scene 63 . exterior -- night --in front of morson's HOTEL . tracey out , fearfully and quickly hurry out of scene . scene 64 . interior --morson's room . morson tie trainor in chair . morson turn up light and reveal trainor truss in chair and look as though he have have far the worst of the combat . morson eye trainor contemptuously and then wipe away blood from he own forehead , go to bed , search for jewel , go to trainor , search he , ask where they be . trainor doggedly refuse to tell . morson see the other lantern , point to it , and to window , ask he where he partner be -- again trainor sullenly shake he head will not talk . trainor register he be uncomfortable , want to be unbound . morson refuse . trainor must stay as he be tell he decide to tell . trainor writhes in discomfort , but morson sit calmly on bed , light cigarette nonchalantly and wait . leader . dawn . scene 65 . exterior -- pier at calais ( same as scene 48 ) - - " spitfire " little off in harbor . ormond arrive at pier , register recognition of the yacht , and success -- get into launch at pier , tell man in charge to make for yacht in distance . leader . trainor talk . scene 66 . interior --morson's room . continuation of scene 64 . morson now clad in shirt and trousers , sit on edge of bed , still smoking calmly . trainor , head drooped , exhaust from the all - night confinement in he bond to chair , all in . morson ask he if he 's ready to talk . trainor hesitates , then nod emphatically - - he be . he talk rapidly . morson now interested and alert , lean forward , listen , ring bell , into hat and coat , open door , bellboy in - doorway . morson quickly speak to he , point to truss figure of trainor in chair . bellboy be leave stand in open-mouthed astonishment as morson rush past he and out . end of reel two . " the spitfire . " reel Three . scene 67 . exterior --deck of yacht--dawn tint . beasley and larris on deck -- register attempt at conversation by beasley -- discourage by larris , who be gruff . larris walk away , read telegram with worried expression . flash ( telegram from girard to larris ) : insert capt. larris , aboard spitfire , off calais . Mr. James ormond to take full charge -- reach New York by twentieth . fly private signal and cruise off Sandy hook till further order . drive she as hard as hell will let you . marcus girard . beasley look over rail , see ormond approach in launch , speak to larris after indicate interest and delight . indicate to larris that ormond be intend to board yacht . larris surprised . scene 68 . exterior --launch on water approaching yacht . ormond signal beasley . Launch reach yacht , ormond climb up stairway . scene 69 . interior --valda's cabin . valda sleepy , in kimona , sit at dress - table comb hair . polly run in in negligee , wide awake , chatter . valda answer she . polly admire valda 's hair , take comb , start to comb . valda smile , suddenly polly come to a snarl , pull hair accidentally . valda jump up in rage , take comb away , make face of pain . polly overcome by valda 's scolding and remorse at hurt she cry babishly . valda immediately become good nature and comfort polly . scene 70 . deck of yacht . ormond on board , greet by beasley and larris . larris polite , but not deferential , rather puzzle by ormond 's presence . ormond produce telegram . larris read . flash telegram : insert . James ormond , Hotel dubois , calais , France . " spitfire " in port , just off mole -- clear this afternoon . tracey will meet you in time . go on board and take full charge of sailing direction and anchorage . marcus girard . larris look angry and puzzle . returns telegram to ormond , look as though he place little credence in its authenticity . larris pace deck , hand in pocket or behind back , lose in think , undecided , wonder . ormond wait , anxious , but affect calm , and retain self - possession . larris get idea . send steward down to call valda . cut . scene 71 . interior valda' room . she and polly chat , as in scene 69 - - steward knock , be tell to come in -- stand in doorway and give message to valda - - captain want she on deck . valda rise , wonder . polly very much excited . valda calm she with little shake . valda hastily get into long steamer coat , throw cape to polly . Girls out . scene 72 . exterior --deck of yacht . larris and ormond still discuss wire . ormond calm and imperturbable . larris angry and disturb , argue . beasley watch with a smile . valda come on quickly , follow by polly . stop short when she see and recognize ormond . Girls embarrassed , quickly pull long coat around they to hide negligee . aunt Mary enter and witness scene . larris explain situation to valda . she look puzzle and ormond politely hand she the telegram . she glance at it , look puzzle again . ormond step forward -- speak : CUT -in . " I be act as you father 's agent on a private business matter . " valda accept the explanation as sufficient -- pout a little -- turn to captain , question he . reluctantly the captain pull out he own wire , show in previous scene ( 67 ) . aunt Mary shocked at father 's profane wire . valda laugh , recognize father 's profanity . she be then completely convinced . valda introduce aunt and polly . they be rather stiff . valda and the captain be at one side talk , valda tell larris she know ormond socially , vouching for he . polly watch they open - eye , the scene be altogether too exciting and puzzle for she . beasley and ormond be off to one side , exchange quick word or two and meaning glance . Captain nod to valda , walk away , slowly and thoughtfully . valda and polly excuse themselves , go down to dress . scene 73 . flash of bridge . the captain stand at bridge undecided , make up he mind , stand a moment undecided then make resolve . walk away quickly . scene 74 . interior --wireless room in the yacht . Operator at table , apparatus , etc . larris come in , give instruction , operator nod , busy himself in send message . scene 75 . exterior --deck of yacht . tracey climb on yacht by landing stairway . ormond greet he . introduce he to captain . tracey 's jovial , over - friendly manner disgust the dignify Captain larris , who repel he advance coldly , look meaningly at the two and turn he back -- walk off . scene 76 . interior --girard's room in HOTEL savoy . Boy bring in captain 's wire to girard , valet sign , pay , smile , indicate this be one he be to handle . when boy go he open and read . flash wire . insert . transcript of wireless . Marcus girard , Hotel ritz , London . be James ormond 's order from you to take full charge of " spitfire " and sail at once to New York authentic ? larris . valet read , grin , then start to write with glee , follow by fear and tremble , as he think what might happen if catch . cut . scene 77 . exterior --deck of yacht . larris , beasley , ormond , tracey , valda , polly and aunt , in two or three group about deck . ormond and tracey stroll away from scene into scene 78 . interior --smoking room . ormond glance round , make sure of privacy , quickly question tracey -- tracey nod with importance , hand go to pocket , draw out chamois bag of morson 's jewel -- at this moment door open -- both man start -- it be beasley , who smile at they nervousness -- tracey , when door be close , again take jewel from pocket -- beasley 's eye light up , involuntarily put out hand . ormond calmly wave he off take the jewel from tracey himself , who be reluctant to part with they . ormond ask for trainor , tracey make gesture , " all in , " describe flight and capture . ormond thoughtful , register worry -- ormond draw out girard 's cigarette case from pocket , put jewel in it -- man admire case . scene 79 . close up of case , finger pointing monogram . scene 80 . wireless room , as in scene 74 . Captain larris stand by operator -- then pace floor , wait answer to he message -- light flicker , operator get message , write it out , smile as he get it -- hand it to larris , who read . flash message : insert . capt. larris , spitfire , off calais . mind you own business , or you will have no business to mind ! marcus girard . larris finish read -- crumple wire -- exclamation of profane disgust , but convinced of its authenticity -- operator chuckle . larris off . scene 81 . exterior --deck of yacht . Captain larris appear and tell valda of wire from father -- pull out message and show it to valda , who laugh heartily . aunt Mary register cold disapproval of it all . larris very much annoyed , as ormond register calm triumph -- other walk away , leave larris scratch chin thoughtfully . CUT -in . " I wish I could wake up and find I be drunk . " shove hand in pocket , hunch shoulder , stride moodily down deck . scene 82 . exterior --another portion of deck larris and beasley on , give hurried direction to sailor to cast off . great activity . scene 83 . exterior -- pier at calais . morson quickly on , breathlessly , see yacht in distance -- question man in uniform , man nod -- morson register delight -- it be the " spitfire , " the yacht of which trainor have tell he - - he wipe he forehead , push hat back -- show relief . scene 84 . exterior --close up quick plash of pulling up " spitfire be " anchor . ormond , beasley and tracey register nervous relief and gladness . scene 85 . exterior -- pier at calais ( same as scene 84 ) . morson , with dismay , see " spitfire " steam slowly off -- a moment of indecision and he rush to the piermaster and point to yacht , imperative that he catch it -- man hastily hoist signal flag on pole at end of pier . scene 86 . exterior --deck of yacht , showing portion of bridge . Captain larris on bridge , with glass , register he see signal , run down ladder -- tell ormond , point to flag on pole -- ormond shake head -- pay no attention -- larris register they must stop . tracey show comic despair . ormond indicate he instruction from girard , must go . larris glare at he angrily . scene 87 . exterior -- pier . morson desperate , yacht further off in the harbor . morson suddenly conceive idea , make negotiation with tugmaster . point to yacht . talk to tugmaster , rehearse plan , tugmaster laugh ; be tempt by roll of bill morson show , nod , agree - - hastily order tug out . morson aboard . off . scene 88 . exterior --deck of yacht . all on -- girl excited and gleeful . aunt Mary struggle with voluminous yell , blow by the wind . ormond do the gallant -- talk to girl . valda suddenly see the tug , point , polly stare excitedly . tug can be see not far off , man can be see struggle on the deck of tug-boat near rail -- all run to rail of yacht , look toward tug , register excited interest . scene 89 . close up of tug . tug-boat crew lift the struggle morson , and throw he overboard . scene 90 . exterior --deck of yacht . all see morson throw overboard . larris order ship to stop and boat to be lower . ormond step forward and stop he -- tell larris to go straight ahead -- gasp of horror from all . larris remonstrate , the man be drown . ormond remind he forcibly that he be commanding the yacht . morson can be see struggle in water , evidently drown -- valda look at ormond in horrify displeasure , surprised at lack of humanity . she take command herself , turn to Captain larris and tell he to stop the boat . larris obey she command with alacrity . ormond , tracey and beasley register chagrin . Captain give direction to pilot , boat be lower -- swing off to rescue morson . beasley and four sailor get into the boat . valda leave ormond with a frown and go to bridge , look on through glass . aunt Mary cover she eye in fear . excitement from polly . scene 91 . close up of morson in water . life-boat reach he , man haul he in . scene 92 . exterior --deck of yacht . all press against rail except ormond and tracey , who register disgust . scene 93 . close up of deck . lifeboat be hoist up to rail -- crew and beasley clamber over rail , bring with they the wet and shiver morson -- valda come forward with exclamation of pity . morson throw hair back out of eye , look admiringly at valda , then bow gratefully and gallantly over she hand . both register instant admiration and the romance to come . polly clasp hand romantically , and gaze at morson adoringly . tracey , horror-stricken when he recognize morson , excitedly pull at ormond 's coat , and tell he morson be the man they rob : CUT -in . " trainor have squeale ! " tracey quickly and excitedly tell ormond , who silence tracey , and be tense in think , plan quickly . valda point to morson 's clothing , speak to beasley , who be watch tracey and ormond in troubled anxiety . beasley rouse with start , take morson with he . morson turn and bow deeply to valda , who stand look after he admiringly . polly come up and try to get a look at retire morson , dodging from one side of valda to the other . valda turn and catch she . give she blank look . cut . scene 94 . interior --girard's room at HOTEL . valet , repentant , horrify , abject figure of woe , hastily pack to make he getaway before girard arrive . worried and frighten , he grasp valise , shove hat on head , run out . scene 95 . interior --smoking room of yacht . ormond , beasley and tracey conspire best way out . ormond thoughtful , suddenly draw out clipping of scene 17 - - flash clipping -- ormond point to it , say he have way out . tracey relieved and interested . head close together . ormond draw out cigar case of jewel , tap it , explain he plan -- ormond go out , follow by other . scene 96 . interior --main salon . valda dreamily think of morson -- knock , she say " come " -- ormond enter , approach a little uncertain of he welcome . valda turn and greet he coldly . pick up magazine , ignore he . ormond begin to talk eagerly . she finally listen , impressed by he earnestness . while valda be listen , tracey enter . valda motion ormond to keep quiet , indicate tracey . ormond say it be all right -- go on : CUT -in . " you rescue gentleman be a custom officer . he board the yacht by a trick to trap you father , who have place some undeclared jewel in we trust . " tracey nod corroboratively , and stare at ormond in admiration . valda spring in astonishment and anger . ormond slowly draw clipping of scene 95 from pocket , hand it to valda gravely . valda read , bite lip , sit , tap foot -- register dismay and apprehension . she ask to see jewel . ormond , prepare , readily draw out cigar- case , hand it to she . she recognize monogram of father , start , be become convinced , empty jewel , examine . cut . scene 97 . exterior --beasley's cabin . morson come out . morson be in first mate 's dress uniform , look very spick and span and handsome -- light cigarette , meditate , saunter away , muse . scene 98 . interior --continuation of scene 96 . valda be put jewel back into bag and case . morson walk past window outside . they see he . valda half rise , look toward he . ormond see he , indicate -- CUT -in . " he play on woman 's sympathy with a story of have come from Egypt with a fortune in jewel , and be rob in a London hotel by mask burglar ! " valda register indignation at morson . she will be on she guard . she calmly put jewel case in she hand - bag , tell ormond she will take care of they . ormond bite he lip , with frown , tracey make a grab , but be restrain by ormond , who make the best of the situation . valda rise and go out , follow by tracey and ormond who exchange meaning look , tracey shaking head in worry . scene 99 . exterior --portion of deck . valda walk on thoughtfully , sit in steamer chair -- meditate , morson in distance sight she , come eagerly toward she . she look up as he approach , cool , but can not resist interest in he . at he stop by she side , she casually shift handbag to opposite side from he -- this business all through scene . he take off cap and stand with bare head , thanking she for she aid in he " accident . " she coolly deprecate he gratitude . he be a little dash , but persistent . he ask if he may sit . she nod . he come around to she other side and take steamer chair . she shift bag to the opposite side of chair , a little fearfully , and clutches it nervously . he sit and talk . the rug come loose from she foot . he stoops gallantly and fix it tenderly . she draw the bag up out of he reach -- register little panic . he talk on , not notice she nervousness . cut . scene 100 . exterior --flash another section of deck . tracey and ormond gaze toward morson and valda . tracey almost wild with anxiety and suspense . ormond , by contrast quiet , gaze quietly , with narrow eye . Men smoking . scene 101 . exterior --continuation of scene 99 . morson talk to valda . valda look at he a little suspiciously . the bag accidentally catch on steamer chair -- fall . morson gallantly lean over to pick it up . valda quickly snatch it up and stare defiantly at he , to he complete amazement . valda , quickly change expression to fix smile . tell he to go on with story . aunt Mary and polly listen interestedly as they come into scene . he tell of -- fade out into scene 102 . same as scene 16 . Quick flash -- fade out into -- scene 103 . same as scene 6 . Quick flash -- the fight -- fade out into . scene 104 . continuation of scene 101 . morson finish with last punch that end flight and find she contemplate he icily , with fold arm and mock smile . suddenly she become furious . she spring to she foot . the astonished morson rise also . valda , in a tempest of rage , denounce he as a imposter . he stare at she daze . ormond and tracey , who have come into scene , register triumph . aunt Mary in amazement and rebuke . polly stare at valda as though she think she suddenly dement . valda speak : CUT -in . " you be a impostor ! the uniform of a officer do not suit you ! you shall work you passage across ! " morson stare at she in stunne astonishment . but see she feel be genuine . for a instant he be about to resent valda 's attack , but suddenly realize the humor of the situation and grin . beasley step forward to take charge of he . morson bow low , sweeping deck with cap . beasley take he by shoulder . morson , right -about -face , march off . ormond and tracey in triumph , polly wring hand in sorrow over she hero 's fate , aunt Mary rebuke . valda , in rage , stare after he , and as all turn and leave she , sink down in chair sobbing . end of reel Three . " the spitfire . " reel four . scene 105 . interior --main salon . valda enter , look about cautiously , go to safe , kneel , work at combination . the sinister face of ormond be see at window . he glance in , see she at safe , face light up . he watch . she open safe , take jewel case from bag , put it in safe . as she swing safe door shut , ormond 's face leave window . valda leave cabin . scene 106 . exterior --the deck . polly , aunt Mary , tracey on . valda come on and join party . morson come into scene with tin box of clean powder and large rag in hand . he be dress as ordinary seaman , but , most becomingly , wear blue jersey , duck trousers and canvas shoe , while a sailor hat be set at a rakish angle . beasley usher he on and point to rail , speak roughly . slight commotion when party recognize the transformed morson . polly in distress . aunt Mary sympathetic , valda stern with a effort . ormond hugely pleased . morson see valda , frown humorously ; quickly follow by smile . follow beasley 's order , morson rub rag in powder and vigorously scrub rail , stand back to get artistic result . ormond be smile . morson work very gaily , whistling blithely , as though delighted with work . valda show irritation , pick up parasol -- open it . morson glance toward parasol -- keep on whistling . valda put down parasol , move off with nose in air . tracey shake with satisfied glee , take cigar out of mouth to chuckle , laugh , suddenly see morson stare coldly at he with a vengeful look in he eye , and gasp with fear , shove the wrong end of cigar in mouth , turn cigar about two or three time nervously before get the right end . morson work on nonchalantly . other watch . tracey walk off in response to significant glance from ormond , who precede . scene 107 . exterior --main salon --near door . ormond and tracey come into scene , look through window - - coast be clear . ormond cautiously open door , indicate safe , which can be see through door , to tracey . tracey make a movement to go in as ormond signifies jewel be in it . ormond hold he back and they pass on . scene 108 . exterior --another portion of deck at rail . valda , stand at rail , very angry , foot tapping impatiently . morson approach with rag and box , see she , pass on . suddenly he turn . she have turn to look at he . then , angry at he have see this , turn shoulder again , abruptly , and study ocean . he hesitates , and then come to she . he try to talk to she , but she refuse to listen . he speak : CUT - in " I do not blame you ! if somebody tell I the tale I tell you , I would not believe it myself . at the same time , my jewel be on this yacht , and when we land in New pork I will have the whole crew of you arrest -- except aunt mary ! " he finish he speech , audaciously shaking he finger near she face . she back away , perfectly furious -- stamp she foot in rage . he go away laugh at she discomfiture . gradually she face soften into a tender little smile , and she give sentimental sigh , look dreamily off to sea . scene 109 . exterior --another portion of deck . polly alone at rail . morson pass , nod to polly , who smile very sweetly as he lift he cap . encourage by she friendly manner , he look back a little as he pass , smile . when he go , polly sigh sentimentally and clasp hand ecstatically . leader . that night . scene 110 . interior --girard's room in london . girard come in , evidently after a few day ' absence . mail pile high on desk , unopen . girard walk in and storm about for the valet -- gradually work himself into rage -- slam valise down , go into next room , come out storming , mutter imprecation , shove hat back on head , go to desk , prepare to rummage through mail on desk , find open envelope contain message from larris ( of scene 76 ) , pick it up , scratch head , pull out message , read -- flash message . girard stand stunne . then realize that some mischief be intend , shove hat hastily down on head , still hold message in hand , grab up valise again , rush out . scene 111 . exterior --deck of spitfire .-- night tint . polly and morson sit in shadow of boat -- mild flirtation -- polly chat vivaciously , morson smile . scene 112 . another portion of deck . valda walk down deck in long steamer coat , suddenly spy morson and polly , become extremely jealous , march toward they indignantly . scene 113 . deck near SMALL boat ( same as scene 111 ) . morson be about to playfully take polly 's hand when valda appear and speak sternly to they . polly be terrify ; morson amused . valda speak to morson : CUT -in . " you be to have no conversation with my guest ! " morson smile amusedly , bow gravely to polly , ironically to valda , and walk away . polly , in tempest of tear , turn and march away . valda sit in steamer chair , gaze ahead moodily -- hurt . indicate she be now deeply in love with morson . scene 114 . exterior -- calais pier -- daylight , full . girard talk with a yacht captain , climb aboard another yacht he have charter . ( yacht 's name must be plainly see to avoid confusion with " spitfire . " ) scene 115 . interior --wireless room of yacht ( of scene 114 ) . ( note -- May be same wireless room use in previous scene , with little change and different operator . ) girard into room , excited ; tell the operator . CUT -in . " locate the yacht ' spitfire , ' en route to New York ! " Operator look up . girard irritable . Captain enter , as though accompany girard , explain to operator . Operator nod , begin to send . girard angrily and profanely discuss matter with captain . cut . scene 116 . interior --main salon of " spitfire " --close up . polly on , kneel on cushion seat that run about port-hole . morson 's grin face can be see through port-hole . polly have sandwich . he open mouth . she put whole sandwich in he mouth . cut . leader : morson get a hand -out scene 117 . exterior --deck outside port-hole . morson withdraw head with sandwich in mouth , take sandwich out with one hand , extend other hand through port-hole for grateful handshake , just as valda come into scene . valda stand for a instant . morson take hasty glance at she , withdraw hand quickly , and walk rapidly away . polly 's hand come through port-hole , grop frantically for he . valda stare in angry amazement , then she walk angrily to door of salon and enter . scene 118 . interior --main salon --other side of port-hole . polly wave hand through port-hole as valda enter . she hear valda , hastily draw out hand , turn to face the indignant valda . polly go meekly to valda , who spurn she . scene 119 . interior --wireless room on other yacht --same as scene 115 . girard walk in , inquiry of operator if any news of " spitfire . " Operator shake head . girard register disapproval of operator and whole d- -- thing , smite fist on table , go out , slamm door . Operator lean back , gaze after he , shrug shoulder , go back to work . scene 120 . exterior --deck of " spitfire . " morson polish brass of yacht with the cleanse powder . valda come into scene , imperatively beckon he to she with finger , as to a servant . with a mock sailor- like hitch of he trousers , morson , can of powder and rag in hand , come to she . she point to rail , rub finger across it -- " not clean enough . " he touch cap gravely , polish it briskly . she talk to he a little , as though rebuke he for he carelessness . he listen with perky look on face , hitches he trousers again as he listen , gravely rub rag in cleanse powder and pretend to polish he nail . valda , exasperate by he pretense , stamp foot -- exclaim : CUT -in . " I wish you be back in the sea again ! " morson point gravely to the sea - - " do she mean it ? " she nod vehemently . with a spring , he be over the side , cling to a rope on the side , though she be not aware of rope , and think he overboard . valda , with wild cry , rush toward the pilot house , call to Captain larris to stop the ship . there be instant excitement of all on board -- all rush toward she . scene 121 . exterior --view outside of hull of yacht . morson cling to rope hang on davit , out of view of that on deck , grin mischievously . scene 122 . exterior of " spitfire . " people run toward rail . polly , wring hand , grab boat-hook . aunt Mary tear off life preserver from rail , throw it aimlessly , faint -- support by the excited and delighted tracey , who nearly drop she at time in he wild anxiety to glimpse the drown figure of morson --off . ormond and beasley also register pleased relief , and pretend solicitude . valda alone quiet , tense , hand clench , repentant and grief-strick . as Captain larris be about to order boat lower , the anxious tracey , hold the fainting aunt Mary , press close to the rail , and look over rail . he suddenly see morson , safe and cling to rope . in he disappointed disgust , tracey drop aunt Mary with a thump , and she immediately come to . tracey point over shoulder with thumb to rail and walk off . other crowd to rail -- register relief and surprise to see morson safe . ormond and beasley alone disappointed , though pretend otherwise after a second . polly clasp hand in delight . valda , hand on heart , sway a little in revulsion of feel ; then she relief be master by indignation and she imperiously beckon morson back . he sheepishly clamber back over rail , with assistance of sailor , say apologetically to the angry valda : CUT -in . " I almost get my foot wet ! " valda stamp foot in anger , turn indignantly and walk away . scene 123 . exterior --another portion of deck . valda come down deck and approach beasley , who be stand morosely against rail . she point back to morson , see in distance , talk to the excited polly , and speak : CUT -in . " he have not enough to do . give he some real work ! " beasley accept this suggestion , very pleased , bow -- off to morson . scene 124 . exterior --another portion of deck . polly come on , accompany by ormond and tracey , who be try to be very gallant . polly be annoyed , show plainly she have little use for either . she drop she small mesh - bag . both man stoop gallantly , tracey nearly get it , but polly be quick , and rescue the purse herself , show satisfaction purposely ; then , with a meaning look at both man , turn and leave they . ormond shrug shoulder , smile grimly at tracey 's discomfiture - - they walk on . scene 125 . exterior --still another portion of deck . beasley enter , follow by morson . morson carry a bucket of water and a mop with a long handle , scrubbing brush protrude from bucket . beasley carry holy -stone , conceal behind he back . morson look humbly resign , as though go through a ordeal , ormond and tracey pass and register thorough satisfaction . morson make gesture as though about to throw bucket at they , but think better of it and proceed on with it . beasley stop and show morson portion of deck he be to scrub -- morson set down bucket -- beasley slowly produce the holy - stone -- show it to morson . morson pretend to examine it as through opera glass . beasley frown , put stone down on deck . morson put long - handle mop in bucket , start to push holy - stone along with it -- beasley interrupt he -- " it be not do that way " -- get down on marrowbone and illustrate , with action , method of holy -stone . with a grimace at he , morson reluctantly get down on knee as beasley rise and go at he work . beasley register satisfaction at the humiliation . scene 126 . exterior --portion of deck at distance . camera follow ormond and tracey , with valda in center , down deck . polly and aunt Mary follow . the two man point out distant view of morson scrubbing , with satisfaction to valda , whose triumph be marre by she own secret sympathy with morson . she turn away polly and aunt Mary register disapproval . with a little sly look of glee toward ormond and tracey , beasley raise he foot , and quickly place it against morson 's shoulder , push he violently , so that morson fall flat on he face in the soapy water . valda turn just in time to see this cowardly act . morson leap to he foot , be about to rush toward beasley , when he catch sight of valda . with a great effort he control himself , bow to valda and be about to return to he work . beasley laugh and valda , with a outburst of fury , turn to morson and speak : CUT -in . " Mr. morson , as mistress of this yacht , I give you full permission to avenge that insult to the limit of you strength and will . " morson step back with wonder unbelief , while beasley and other also show they amazement . morson thanks valda and without more ado , go for beasley . ( the fight should be a short , sharp , decisive affair , with morson as victor , end with beasley prostrate with morson stand over he . ) the sailor all cheer . valda show quiet delight in morson 's triumph . cut . leader . a few day later --wireless locate " spitfire " almost within vision of girard vessel . scene 127 . interior --wireless room on girard charter yacht ( same as scene 119 ) . girard on , be tell by operator he have locate " spitfire . " girard joyful , begin to dictate message . cut . scene 128 . exterior --deck of yacht " spitfire . " ormond and larris talk , tracey at hand -- wireless operator come on deck with message , look for larris - - give he transcript of message -- larris read . flash message : insert . capt. larris , yacht spitfire . take charge of ship immediately . will overtake you soon . reduce speed and await instruction . marcus girard . larris triumphantly show wire to ormond , whose eyelid flicker , but do not otherwise betray emotion . as a matter of course , and as though expect message , he bow , say a few word to captain , and stroll off easily . the captain look after the nonchalant ormond , puzzle , shake head -- the situation have " get he " all right . tracey join ormond , they walk down deck . scene 129 . interior --smoking room . ormond and tracey in -- they sit with head together , worried . ormond outline action -- tracey listen . beasley come in , all talk , finally ormond , with quick decision , say : CUT -in . " tonight ! " leader . what happened that night . scene 130 . stretch of sea -- night tint . the " spitfire " and other yacht , all light up , against solid black night , and star . scene 131 . exterior --deck of spitfire -- night . ormond and tracey at rail , look off and see light of the other yacht . they prime themselves for action . scene 132 . interior --main salon . valda sit by table read by light -- she hear knock , go to door , open it cautiously -- it be morson , clad in beasley 's long oilcoat -- she start to close door , mock he impertinently -- he place foot in door , she can not shut it -- finally she allow he to come in -- they stand a moment , talk , tender little scene -- he take she hand as he say good night , she pull it away gently -- she indicate now that she can no longer conceal she love for he . he say good night and close door . she stand a moment and go to port-hole , look after he tenderly , shake head sadly -- still think he spy , though she love he . she go to door , right , and hesitates a moment , then turn out light . room in darkness . leader . morson remembers the deck hand' last duty for the night . scene 133 . interior --beasley and morson's cabin . morson come on , take off coat as he go in and about to undress , when he remember he have forget to take in the chair -- leave coat he go out . scene 134 . exterior --deck . morson gather up steamer chair . scene 135 . exterior --beasley and morson's cabin . ormond and beasley come on cautiously -- beasley glance through port-hole or window -- no one there -- beasley open door , reach and get coat morson wear and hand to ormond -- man off . scene 136 . interior --main salon ( as in scene 132 ) . very dim light -- flash at door of burglar 's lantern -- figure in long coat of morson go to safe , work away at safe , blow it open , steal jewel -- to door -- just as man get to door , valda in doorway of she room , in time to see figure of man dart from door in morson 's coat -- look of horror , register she think it morson , cover face -- the room only light by dim ray from port-hole and the burglar 's light leave by man in he haste . valda take the burglar 's light and go to safe -- kneel , look through rifle safe . scene 137 . exterior --outside MAIN salon . morson round the corner gather steamer chair -- by this porthole he stop , transfix by what he accidentally glimpsis through the port-hole - - he step nearer , and gaze in horror at valda in room . he put down chair , he walk away daze and overwhelm -- disappear around corner . valda rush out of door with wild excitement , but no outcry -- she knock at various door , group come out , she notify they . cut . leader . next morning . scene 138 . interior --main salon . valda and all on --- she show the captain the rifle safe , aunt Mary and polly register great excitement . ormond and tracey saunter in , look cool and interested . beasley look at ormond and tracey , but quickly look away . Captain begin to question they all -- finally question valda . after struggle with herself she turn , look toward morson while speak , point to he and safe , indicate she see he at safe . morson stagger back and look at she in stunne amazement , indicate that he feel for he own position be less than he loss of faith in she . he pass hand across he eye , stare at she , but make no denial . Captain speak : CUT -in . " do you deny that you be in the main salon at midnight ? " CUT -in leader . morson cannot reply . morson look long and steadily at valda , refuse to answer . valda 's eye drop and she register emotion . Captain larris give order , they search morson and bind he to post . valda crush . all register dismay at morson 's imply guilt . cut . scene 139 . interior --hold of yacht . Fire break out , sailor discover , excitedly run off . scene 140 . interior --main salon ( same as scene 138 ) . vary business on part of polly , aunt Mary , valda , ormond , tracey , captain , etc . morson still bound to pillar of cabin . sailor rush in to captain , say " Fire ! " other overhear and register wild panic . Captain larris , after momentary shock , rush out , give order -- all rush out in pandemonium , leave morson alone , bound -- smoke curl in . scene 141 . quick flash of hold ( same as scene 139 ) . flame now big and strong . Captain larris and man appear , but be drive back by fire and smoke . scene 142 . exterior --upper deck . woman all huddle together . polly weep , aunt Mary praying , valda tense , suddenly think of morson , turn , rush off . scene 143 . exterior --deck of pursuing yacht . Captain , girard and other at rail , much nearer to " spitfire " now than in night scene -- see smoke of " spitfire . " girard register great fear and anxiety -- much excitement -- captain give quick order to increase speed . scene 144 . interior --main salon of " spitfire " ( same as scene 140 ) . morson alone , bound -- smoke volume increase -- valda rush in -- look about frantically for some mean of release he . scene 145 . exterior --deck of " spitfire . " lifeboat be lower -- polly and aunt Mary be shove into boat by captain , beasley and other . ormond and tracey at rail , register sudden resolve to finish morson . ormond , gun in hand , follow by tracey , start off . scene 146 . interior --main salon ( as in scene 144 ) . valda cut cord with knife she find in desk -- ormond and tracey come in , be dumbfounded at the sight of valda - - with a spring , morson , freed , be upon ormond , wrest away gun , hold ormond and tracey at bay -- then hand gun to valda , fight ormond with bare hand while valda hold the terrify tracey easily at bay . smoke rush on thicker and thicker -- desperate fight between man . Quick , tracey , recover from fright , make threaten movement , be knock out by morson . morson get mastery over ormond , knock he down , search pocket , find dangerous - look knife , throw it aside , search again , as if for more weapon , find the morocco cigar case , start to throw aside , when valda give cry of astonishment - - he look at she , open case , and he jewel -- he register delighted surprise and mental vindication for valda ( valda same business for he ) . smoke and flame now appear . morson thrust jewel in belt . valda overcome . morson rush off , half carry valda . tracey and ormond stagger to they foot and follow . scene 147 . exterior --deck of spitfire . flame mount high , the captain stand on the bridge watchful and wait , tense -- commanding , heroic figure . morson be see rush through the smoke , carry valda . for a moment he bend over she , kiss she , then on to the rail . boat see row hastily off toward other yacht . flame envelop the yacht . cut . scene 148 . exterior --expanse of water . distant view of the char hulk of the " spitfire " descend into the sea . scene 149 . exterior --deck of girard other yacht . girard , captain and other at rail . Boat reach yacht . girard scan face in boat in vain for he daughter . tear he hair in anxiety and grief . level glass and scan water . scene 150 . exterior --expanse of ocean . in foreground , char spar of ship with valda and morson cling to it , morson support valda . a little bit off , a larger piece of wreckage to which cling beasley , ormond , tracey and Captain larris . scene 151 . exterior --deck of girard other yacht -- short flash . girard , look through glass , spot daughter on spar . excitedly tell captain , they lower boat . cut . scene 152 . exterior --rocky beach . valda and morson on beach , spar lie near they . they look off at sea and then tenderly at each other . morson draw pouch from belt , thrust in hand , take out some jewel , from which he select diamond ring -- put it on she finger -- speak : CUT -in . " you call I a thief -- and I be ! I be go to steal you " she go to he arm . scene 153 . flash to beach . Father land in boat , get out with one or two sailor , run up beach , stop short in paralyze indignation at what he see . scene 154 . exterior --beach ( as in scene 152 ) . valda still in morson 's arm . Father storm angrily into scene . morson look at he , annoyed at interruption . valda see father , fly to he arm , and after embrace , and then turn , point to morson , say : CUT -in . " Father , Mr. morson , a traveler from Egypt ! " Father angry , eye morson , sternly , then grin slowly , extend he hand . fade out . end of " the spitfire . " screenplay by B. P. schulberg geovisit ( ) ;