splice by vincenzo natali antoinette Terry and Doug Taylor 4.10.07 producer : Steven hoban copperheart entertainment Inc. steve@copperheart.ca ( 416 ) 516-4950 copyright 2007 blackness a muffled heartbeat . faster than normal , and quicken . a sliver of blinding light cut through the darkness , revealing the constrict wall of a fleshy liquid -fill chamber . the wall close in , squeezing we towards the light . we heartbeat become louder and faster . the wall spasm again with a oddly mechanical throb . thrrrump - thrrrump - thrrrump we be experience the Pov of a infant 's birth . the light expands until we be engulf in whiteness . with a wet flushing SOUND , we be abruptly spit from the womb . as we vision adjust , the white light diminish until we can make out color , and shape , and ... int . birthing chamber -- day maintain Pov : the face of two masked doctor lean in , serious and intent . behind they be several assistant . one record the event with a digital cam-corder . our heartbeat bang rapidly . the male doctor , clive nicoli , speak ... clive vital ? the female doctor , elsa kast , glance at a bank of monitor . elsa stable . clive sever support . clive deftly cut the umbilical cord with a scalpel . our heartbeat slow . subside . the room grow dim . assistant drop . drop fast ! a high - pitched whine sound from the panel . clive jerk he head to the monitor , annoyed . elsa 's eye flit above she mask to the vital sign , to we , back to clive . elsa do it . clive lean in , slapping with a rubber - glove hand . clive c'mon ... spark ! ( desperate ) breathe , damn it ! a sudden choking SOUND . gurgling . and a gasping for AIR . the high - pitched whine turn silent . we be sucking in we first breath . we vision brightens again . the doctor relax . clive shake he head , delighted . he press a stethoscope beneath our line of vision . clive ( cont 'd ) respiration stable . elsa gather we up in a white towel . elsa no obvious physical discrepancy . as she swing we around the lab towards a dome - cover incubator , we see that we have be birthed not from a mother , but from the latex mouth of a artificial birthing machine . clive ( excited ) he 's perfect . he 's just fuck perfect ! elsa place we gently into a crib - like bubble . they pull off they mask revealing beam , youthful face . elsa ( as a compliment to clive ) of course . he be brilliantly conceive . clive ( as a compliment to elsa ) and fabulously execute . he lean over and give she a congratulatory kiss . int . novaphorm lab - corridor -- day the lab be naked , functional and illuminate under stultifying florescent light . this be the gritty reality of contemporary genetic engineering . clive and elsa , san medical smock , wheel the pod-like incubator down the corridor . we get we first good look at they : 3. clive , early thirty , be tall with spiky hair and a hunch , wiry grace . he 's the kind of high school nerd who manage to morph into college cool , without ever realize he be once a nerd . elsa , about the same age , sport a tangle brunette mane accented by a single streak of white hair . she 's a firecracker , brim with happy self - assurance that come from a lifetime of be the smartest girl in the room . as they reach the end of the corridor , clive betray a hint of concern . clive maybe we should wait . elsa they need to imprint . int . containment chamber -- day the door open and clive and elsa roll in the incubator . the room be small and sterile . clive cross to a cage on the floor and release a bizarrely unidentifiable creature . she have the stance of a small primate , though she face be almost pig-like . a long , lizard tail extend from the base of she spine . her skin be pale , a collection of bizarre orifice decorate she back . despite she predominantly monstrous appearance , there be something sweet , almost buddha- like about she countenance . elsa capture the moment with a SMALL camcorder . clive c'mon , Ginger ... come meet you little brother . ginger crawl tentatively to the threshold of she cage . clive break the seal on the dome and gather up the newborn hybrid . this be we first view of fred , a_smaller version of Ginger . eye blink and bewilder . int . observation room -- day clive and elsa 's team observe this historic event from behind a one - way mirror . they watch enrapture as ... int . containment chamber -- day clive place Fred gently down on the floor near Ginger , and step back . Ginger crane she neck , sniff the air , watch Fred with a mixture of curiosity and trepidation . elsa it 's okay , Ginger . he 's family . ginger abruptly jolt forward , lung at the newborn with a blood - curdling screech . elsa gasp . clive lurch to rescue ... but Ginger do nothing . merely sniff at the newborn , nudging it with she nose . Fred emit a purring gurgle . int . observation room -- day the team release a collective sigh of relief . int . containment chamber -- day clive relax , watch with fascination as ... excite , Ginger let out a short squawk , then continue she gentle smell inspection . a probing tongue clean the area around Fred 's eye . elsa crouch in for a close - up , catch she breath . elsa see ? Love at first sight . int . hyperspace lounge -- night a ultra-hip club . clive hand the bartender some bill and depart from the bar with a enormous tray of multi-color shooter . as he push through the crowd , we recognize several of he colleague from the lab , each help themselves to a shot , lighten he load . among they be dexter , forty , clive 's right hand man and older , less-impressive brother . he nonetheless exude unadulterate fraternal pride , give clive a crush hug which nearly send the tray fly . dexter you do it , maestro . clive ( sweetly ) we do it . and stop call I ' that ' . I be you brother for fuck 's sake . dexter I will only stop say it when you stop be brilliant ... maestro . 10 dexter release he and clive continue through the group , distribute shot and get congratulatory slap on the back . he finally arrive at the corner booth where elsa be deep in discussion with melinda finch , a smartly dress reporter from " wired " magazine . flash ! a photographer snap photo while they talk . he watch admire from a short distance away , prefer elsa to take the spotlight . melinda you critic say , by combine such disparate animal , you be violate the natural order of thing . elsa there be a time when it be consider '' unnatural '' to perform surgery . melinda still , it 's quite a leap to go from mend body to redesign they . do you really think the world 's ready for Ginger and Fred ? elsa why not ? Chimera have be with we for thousand of year . since the earliest myth . I see they as signpost for the future . for we evolution . melinda that sound almost ... spiritual . elsa you could say it 's we religion . she cast a glance at clive who watch admire from the shadow . flash ! int . hyperspace club - men' room -- night clive and elsa burst into a cubicle , hand and lip all over each other ... they look as though they be on the verge of have sex right there . clive fuck , you be hot in a interview . elsa you think ? 11 while clive nibble at she ear , elsa brandish a liquid dropper . elsa ( cont 'd ) ready to bust loose ? clive pull back , eye the dropper warily . clive ( hesitant ) that more of you home brew ? elsa afraid ? clive after last time ? very . elsa I decrease the c-amp formation . it will be a smooth ride . promise . she squeeze a few pearl of liquid onto she tongue , look at he dare . the temptation be too great . clive plant he mouth over hers , share in the dose . clive thing be go to get weird now , be not they ? elsa nod enthusiastically . int . hyperspace lounge -- later the drug have kick in . the night explode with noise and color as the dance floor surge . clive and elsa weave through the crowd . at every step , co-worker , friend , and acquaintance shake they hand , pat they back , kiss cheek , shower they with nonstop affirmation . elsa pull clive onto the dance floor . they bounce in time with the wave of other body but somehow see only each other . this be a portrait of two people deeply in love . clive lean in for another kiss but he attention be draw to a bald man on the edge of the dance floor , conspicuously immobile among the gyrate mob . bald man clive ? elsa ? elsa smile , expect some kind of fan banter . still smile , the bald man fumble with something under he coat ... and _ pull out a short - muzzle shot gun . 12 bald man ( cont 'd ) ( calm ) stop play god. he calmly blast a shot into clive 's chest . clive fly backwards , collapse onto the dance floor . elsa scream . the music stop . a chill hush descend on the room . the bald man drop he gun and make for the exit , but he 's immediately tackle by bouncers and clive and elsa 's team . dexter look to elsa , freeze over clive 's bloody body . he fumble with he cell pound 911 into the keypad . elsa stare at clive uncomprehend , she world suddenly turn upside down . she lean down to touch he when ... clive 's eye snap open ! elsa let out a yelp , fall to she knee as clive struggle up on one elbow . clive hey , babe ... guess what ? he hold up one hand , dab he tongue with a bloody finger . clive ( cont 'd ) God play paintball . elsa 's face explode with joy and relief . she tackle he in a crush embrace . flash ! melinda and she photographer be there , take photo of the whole unbelievable scene . int . clive and elsa's apartment -- night the modest apartment be overflow with electronics , dvd , comic book , movie poster , toy and other expensive pop junk . this be what happen when geek get a income . clive and elsa tumble in , snap on the light , still riding the combine high of alcohol , drug and adrenaline . clive 's shirt sport a explosion of red paint across the chest . elsa what I do not understand be why he do not want to shoot I ? I mean , of course a right - wing nutbar like that be incapable of believe a woman could be the head of a important scientific breakthrough , but still ... clive you be jealous . elsa no , I be not . clive you be . you have ' assassination envy '. elsa shut up . they stumble towards ... the bedroom where elsa drunkenly pull at clive 's bloody shirt button . elsa ( cont 'd ) let 's get this thing off of you . clive ( wince ) careful ... she pull back the fabric revealing a broad red well across he left-side pectoral . or possibly it 's the stain of red paint on he skin . she lean in and kiss he chest . clive ( cont 'd ) you know it 's interesting . for that moment , when I think I be shot , all the cliches be true . time seem to slow down , I think I even see a heavenly light . elsa ( between kiss ) endorphin , horomone secretion to the central nervous system ... increase awareness and reaction time in moment of crisis ... part of the survival mechanism .... clive be become arouse , perhaps as much from elsa 's clinical banter as she touch . clive I wonder if that apply to all species ... not just one with higher brain function ...? he deftly unsnap elsa 's bra and lift it , shirt and all , over she head . elsa probably not . Visual perception 's contain within the occipital lobe ... clive drop elsa onto the bed and start peel off she jeans . clive some subspecies of salamander have something that approximate a occipital lobe ... stripped to she panty , she pull clive down onto the bed with she . elsa enough . she plant she lip over he , effectively shutting he up , then reach for the drawer of the bed table . clive hey ... wait a sec .... elsa pull out a string of condom . elsa what ? clive why do not we forget it ? just this once . elsa I do not think so . clive what 's the worst that could happen ? elsa you be a genetic engineer , figure it out . clive would that be the end of the world ? elsa we be on a mission , remember ? it 's not a good time . clive there 's never go to be a good time . elsa how about after we crack male pregnancy ? 13 14 10 . clive and ruin this perfect figure ? elsa hypocrite . clive laugh , relenting . then for a moment , grow serious . clive you know what I be really think of when I be shot ? that I would never see you again . elsa contemplate this . it 's unimaginable . elsa do not even say that . I would never let it happen . elsa lean over to turn the light off . the room snap into darkness . the sound of a tearing condom package . ext . novaphorm - downtown headquarters -- day we stare up at the downtown headquarters of novaphorm bio- Research Inc . it 's a towering steel monument to corporate anonymity . barlow ( 0.s. ) I wish you guy would fill I in on this presentation . int . novaphorm - downtown headquarters - corridor -- day clive and elsa be lead hastily down a long , pristine corridor by they project manager , william barlow , fifty . a natural - bear bureaucrat , barlow can barely suppress he feckless panic . barlow I mean , not that I do not have absolute faith , but as you project manager , I like to think that I can be a sounding - board . clive relax . it 's just another dog and pony show . elsa hey , we could splice a dog and a pony . 11 . clive then it could do the presentation for we . barlow offer a hollow chuckle . elsa it will be mind -blow , Bill . trust we . barlow as mind - blow as last month 's party ? clive something like that . barlow now that be a joke . ( to elsa ) he be joke , right ? ( to clive ) I have to do a lot of damage control after that ... incident . elsa it be just a party . elsa pop nerd candy into she mouth , crunching they loudly . barlow a party that " wire " be invite to . barlow shake a copy of the new issue of " wire " magazine , turn to a earmarke page feature a photo of clive and elsa -- blood -splatter on the dance floor . barlow ( cont 'd ) " if God do not want we to explore he domain , why would he give we the map ? " elsa bumper-sticker wisdom . elsa bite down loudly on a nerd . barlow grimace as though she be bite down on he nerve . barlow I be just ask . please . you have get Joan klein and the entire management team of this division upstairs . be sensitive to they concern . ... you know , " the hand that feed " and all that ? clive give barlow a reassure pat on he shoulder . 15 12 . clive we be gonna feed the hand until it 's blue in the face . they will love it . they step into a wait elevator . barlow look not the least bit assure . int . novaphorm conference room -- day a large conference room locate in the stratosphere of novaphorm headquarters . a gather of executive . barlow stand off to the side , eyeing the novaphorm team nervously . in particular , he monitor the reaction of joan klein , novaphorm 's new Chief of Operations . in she 5as , Joan be a well - starch bundle of cold candor . clive the h - 40 chimera exceed all expectation in they ability to produce medicinal protein for livestock . a power point presentation flash image of Ginger and Fred , graph , stat , etc. in the background . elsa and now , with the birth of Fred , we have a prove technique for braid - pair , which can be apply to the most sophisticated of organism . namely ... the color drain from barlow 's face . he look to elsa plead with he eye . she catch this look and continue with gleeful abandon . elsa ( cont 'd ) human being . the screen behind transition from Ginger and Fred to a image of Da vinci 's vitruvian man . a murmur among the assemble . clive by incorporate human DNA into the hybrid template , we might have the key to curing any number of human disease . elsa parkinson 's . liver damage . epilepsy . and the grail ... Cancer cure . a terrible moment of suspend silence as clive and elsa wait for the reaction . 13 . Joan clear she throat . all eye snap to she . joan extraordinary . simply extraordinary . ( to the assemble ) I do not think I exaggerate when I say that clive and elsa represent the future . not just for this corporation , but for the entire field of bio-engineering . clive and elsa share a excited , hopeful glance joan ( cont 'd ) ( to clive and elsa ) and that be why it be time to move on to phase 2 . elsa phase 2 ? joan yes . the product stage . we need to isolate the gene in Ginger and Fred which produce you magic protein , cd-356 . we be shutting down the splicing facility . retooling you lab for intensive chemical analysis . for the first time , clive and elsa look catch off-guard . clive shut down ...? elsa but what about we proposal ? joan very impressive . but it sound like a longterm goal . that be not what novaphorm need at this time . elsa proceed to human splicing be always part of we plan . it 's what we sign on for . barlow elsa , we all know that can not happen right now . Moral outrage will have politician and regulator tear we to piece . ( beat ) Christ , you mix a few animal and it practically get you shot . 16 17 14 . clive but you be lobby for a exploratory license . right ? barlow 's silence give clive he answer . clive ( cont 'd ) you promise . when we sign we contract . you say ... barlow what I say be I would do everything I possibly could . ( beat ) this be not the time . there 's nothing to be do on that front right now . elsa 's face tighten . Joan lean forward in she seat . joan look . we would love to cure all that thing . of course we would . nothing would make we prouder as a company . as human being . ( beat ) you put a viable livestock product on the shelf ... then we can talk about a twenty year plan to save the world . ( beat ) right now , we need to start phase 2 . and you be the only one who can do it . clive and elsa stare despondently at the room of stony face . int . novaphorm headquarters - underground parking -- day elsa and clive be piss , they shoe clatter loudly through novaphorm 's underground parking facility . clive we could quit . go to Hamilton - splinter . elsa novaphorm own we patent . we would lose everything . elsa duck into a bright red gto , they car , slamm the door loudly . int . clive and elsa's car -- day clive turn the key in the ignition . eight cylinder jump to life . elsa stare through the windshield at the cement wall before they ... see through it , beyond they limit . 18 19 20 21 15 . clive so ... what ? elsa I be not spend the next five year pull pap smear from swine . elsa turn to clive , she eye burn with ambition , she mouth betray a trace of smile . there 's a moment . elsa 's determination pulverize any reluctance clive might possess . not a word be speak , but we can see it in they face . they be go to do this thing . abruptly , clive throw the car into reverse and they screech out of the lot . ext . industrial park -- day clive and elsa 's muscle car blaze through a anonymous set of building . pass quickly through a security gate , park in a private spot . int . security entrance , lab -- day clive and elsa approach the desk of yuji , a dreadlock japanese security guard read a hentai ( porn ) comic book . yuji Dr. C and E , wassup ? elsa lean over he desk , hit the door release button , buzzing they through ... yuji ( cont 'd ) yo , that 's my whole job description . elsa sorry . in a hurry . +.. then follow clive down the hall to ... int . grunt room -- day Home to a motley horde of bio -specialist and techies , many glimpse at the party , now prisoner to cramped work station . the staff greet clive and elsa like geek royalty as they hustle through the room , dodging a obstacle course of biohazard garbage container , pipette bin and bacteria shaker as they head for ... int . splicing lab -- day a empty sterile room be suddenly fill with pound funky hip -hop , hyper - beat trance fusion music . 16 . clive slide into view on a wheeled chair . power up a wall of hard - drive . they sound like jet engine wind up . at a nearby table , with she back to he , elsa prepare tiny vial with liquid sample . clive what 's the donor profile ? elsa healthy female . clean medical and heredity . the usual . clive , he mind still in the microscope , be barely listen . clive dime a dozen . elsa one in a million . 22 int . molecular space -- continuous the music continue under a microscopic view of clive and elsa 's DNA splicing experiment . we watch free-falling cluster of protein and spiraling double - helix that constitute DNA molecule . clive ( 0.s. ) it 's not work . they will not fuse . we see break form between the base pair that link the coil , but as other open pair slide into place , interfere helix bounce into the mix , prevent successful coupling . elsa ( 0.s. ) what enzyme be you use ? clive ( 0.s. ) it 's not the breakage . they be break fine . elsa ( 0.s. ) so ? identically color helix , through random bounce chaos , actively resist bond with other multicolor molecule . instead , they merge again with they own kind . clive ( 0.s. ) they keep coupling with themselves . 17 . 23 int . splicing lab -- morning early morning light pour through the window . clive raise a bloodshot eye from the microscope . clive it 's like they refuse . elsa that 's crazy . we will make they . clive what make you so sure we can ? elsa because " wire " do not interview loser . clive take a deep gulp of black coffee . clive sometimes I forget that basic scientific principal . clive fill a syringe with yet another enzyme , hunker back into the work . dissolve to : it 's night again . clive study the microscope 's video - tap with a look of anticipation that quickly turn to disgust . clive ( cont 'd ) it 's fuck . he drop back in he chair , defeat . clive ( cont 'd ) maybe Bill 's right . maybe it 's not the right time . this fire up elsa . elsa that 's why it 's the right time . she pace the room . the techno music hammer into she brain . elsa ( cont 'd ) this retarded fascist uber-musik be the problem ! it 's get we think in circle . she rip out the CD , leaf briskly through the collection . find just the right thing . Hit play . 18 . the room warm up under the gentle strain of frank sinatra croon cole porter be , " under my skin " . clive look up at elsa . something about the music be make she brain switch gear . clive you be right . we have be dance to the wrong beat . elsa light up , see the glow of inspiration in he eye . dissolve to : Morning again . elsa hand clive a dropper of fluid . elsa try this . clive squeeze a few drop into the solution under the microscope . clive it 's not work -- ... wait . .. it 's happen . his head spring from the eyepiece . elsa why now ? elsa 's dance on she toe . clive we block the uricil . elsa so ... the feed be cut . clive there 's confusion . elsa ( understanding ) we blow the whistle ! clive reintroduce ! restart the music ! elsa introduce two new fluid to the mix . they take quick turn look into the eyepiece . elsa ( excited ) they be change partner ! 24 25 26 27 clive everyone dance with everyone . elsa ( joyous ) you be Bob fuck fosse ! 19 . she sling she arm around clive , spraying he with kiss . int . nuclear transfer room -- day a very tired - look clive plug in the last piece of the massive jigsaw puzzle of adenine , thymine , guanine and cytosine . elsa kiss the display graphic on the screen . the screen flash : -50 genome complete " . int . cold room -- day elsa and clive wheel a dewar tank , a storage box material , into a walk - in freezer . clive all right . bio-technology 's most startling breakthrough in decade ... on ice . clive and elsa share a grim , anti-climactic sigh . give he a mischievous look . she do a U -turn the tank out of the room . clive ( cont 'd ) El , where be you go ? int . corridor , lab -- day elsa wheel the dewar tank down the hall . clive keep up . clive yo , white -stripe . quit screwing around . she run , like a mischievous school girl into ... int . birthing room -- day for genetic then elsa and wheel race to elsa enter , shut and lock the door . clive bang on it from the other side . clive ( through door ) what be you do ?.. hello ? ...e1 ? ( more ) 28 29 20 . clive ( cont 'd ) ( no response ) this be what 's know in couple therapy as ' emotional high - jack ' . elsa remove the lid of the canister . mist swirl around the open like a prop in a magic show . clive ( cont 'd ) ( through door ) you be be a bad ' responder 's to my ' inquisition statement 's . use a pair of tong , she remove a plastic cartridge contain the splice genetic material . clive ( cont 'd ) ( through door , become serious ) El , human cloning 's illegal . elsa this will not be human . not entirely . she snap the cartridge into a servo-guide injection needle . a monitor flicker to life , display a enlarge image of a human egg . its nucleus be hollow out . int . corridor -- day clive fumble through he pocket . clive seriously . stop it ! he find a swipe card . int . birthing room -- day the door unlock , clive enter and quickly shut it behind he . he get between she and the control . clive we could go to jail . elsa relax . we will not take it to term . we just need to find out if we can generate a sustainable organism . then we destroy it . nobody will ever know . clive what 's the point if we can not publish ? 21 . elsa to be sure we really do it . to know for sure . ( beat ) be you tell I you do not need to know ? clive shift on he foot . she 's hit all the right button . still ... he remain in the grip of reason . clive it 's not that simple . ( beat ) there be ... moral consideration . elsa raise she eyebrow . she glance at the glow red button . elsa million of people be suffer and die with no hope . we might be sit on the key to save they . what be the moral consideration of that ? clive swallow hard . her reason have trump he . he follow she gaze to the crimson light plastic . his mouth tighten . elsa ( cont 'd ) I know you want to . clive 's hand reach out ... click . he 's hit the button . instantly , the needle be insert into the egg and the genetic material be injected into the empty nucleus . conception . clive fuck . elsa exactly . a extrude platform carry the petri dish into the inutero gestation chamber . a view of the egg appear on screen . elsa ( cont 'd ) it 's not too late to abort . 30 31 22 . clive watch , enrapture as the petri dish dissolves in the murky fluid environment , cell replicate at a unnaturally high rate , gene marker radiating like twinkle star . the process be almost mystical . clive no . not yet . he put a reassure arm around she . clive ( cont 'd ) I want to know . int . gestation chamber -- day in time lapse we see the cell replicate exponentially , grow in number , from a few hundred to thousand , million and then billion . blood , vein , flesh and bone stitch together . int . MAIN lab -- day clive walk past a shelf of large specimen jar . like a disturbing carnival exhibition , they be a inventory of past splicing attempt . each appear to represent a successive wrung up the evolutionary ladder . and each be label with the name of famous celebrity couple : " Brad and angelina " , " sonny and cher " , " ashton and demi " , " bogart and bacall " ... ...- ending at two cage : Ginger and Fred . we see that Fred have grow almost to Ginger 's size . they bob and coo as clive check the reading on clipboard hook to the bar . dexter hover nearby . dexter hey , maestro , everything okay ? clive yeah , great . you ? dexter sure . I guess . whaddya gonna do ? order be order . we will nail that gene . ( beat ) but , uh ... I can not help but notice you and elsa have be busy with something . clive look up from he chart . a tense beat ... he smile . clive Building you a elsa all for yourself . 32 33 23 . dexter Nice . i'1l be sure not to tell the wife . clive we secret . clive give dexter a conspiratorial wink and move on to inspect the rest of the lab . int . birthing chamber -- day elsa orbit the gestation chamber , recording stat . she call up a ultrasound feed . the murky image of a shape that in no way approximate a normal fetus appear . it pulse rhythmically in its liquid environment : throb - throb , throb - throb , throb -throb ... throb ... thr ... ob ... th .... it stop . elsa 's brow crease with worry . she chew nervously on she pen . elsa come on . throb ... throb - throb , throb - throb , throb - throb , the pulse resume . elsa sigh with relief . she turn to a calendar and mark off a square : day 26 . int . OPEN house -- day a well - appoint real estate agent walk clive and elsa through a very chic and very expensive loft- style apartment . real estate agent it 's a fusion of art nouveau and sixty futurism . six figure , but the owner will negotiate . later : clive and elsa confer in one corner while the Real estate agent wait to the side . elsa I fuck love it . clive yeah . it 's cool . 24 . elsa you do not sound so enthusiastic . be it too expensive ? clive no ... elsa then what ? clive it 's just ... I do not want to have to move again any time soon . elsa why would we have to move again ? clive it might not be ... big enough . elsa it 's twice the size of we apartment . there 's more than enough room for all we stuff . clive yeah but ... but you know . for down the road . elsa can see that clive be hedge around she question . elsa you be talk about a kid , be not you ? clive be that so unreasonable ? elsa uh , yeah . Cause I be the one who have to have it . jeeze . what 's wrong with you ? guy be not even suppose to want kid . clive that 's not true . and I do not see what 's wrong with it . elsa this be what 's wrong . I like this place . I do not want to bend my life to suit a third party that do not even exist yet . I want control over my life . you know how important that be for I . clive be about to respond when he blackberry begin to chime . 34 35 36 37 25 . elsa ( cont 'd ) what ? clive ( look at the blackberry ) it 's a alarm ... from the lab ... something 's wrong . with the gestation cell . off elsa 's concerned look ... ext . CITY STREET -- night clive and elsa 's gto race to they lab . int . car -- traveling -- night clive drive like a madman , elsa riding shotgun . elsa ( worried ) do you think someone find it ? clive you mean shut it down ? ( to reassure she but not believe it ) Nah , probably a power surge or a glitch . I be sure everything 's fine . nevertheless , clive floor it . ext . lab -- night clive and elsa reach the entrance but the door be lock . the security desk be empty , there 's no yuji , just a sign that read , " go for ramen " . yuji ( 0.s. ) yo , Dr. C and E. through the glass door , yuji can be see shambling down the hall with rastafarian cool and a steaming cup of noodle . elsa open the fuck door , please . int . birthing room , lab -- night the door open and clive and elsa rush in . at the end of the room , the artificial womb be belching and groan , fluid freely gush from its chrome hull . clive glance at the monitor : " preparing breach of fetal membrane . " 26 . elsa something 's wrong . floosh ! the machine spew more fluid . louder groaning . clive it 's try to come out . elsa it 's too soon . Way too soon ! clive and elsa quickly throw on medical gowns , mask , and glove . the machine contract again , a wave of fluid flush out . nothing else . elsa check the ultrasound . elsa ( cont 'd ) it 's ... grow . it 's too big . the machine emit a metallic creak . clive the pressure will kill it ! elsa hit a button on the side of the machine . the pulsing groan wind down to a soft hum . the flush of fluid subside and the machine 's orifice dilate . elsa wedge she arm inside . clive watch , apprehensive . elsa come on ... come on ! ( up to she elbow ) slippery . I can not ... elsa finally seem to get a grip when she arm be abruptly yank deeper into the machine . her chin bang against the hull . she let out a startle yelp . clive what be it ?! tear well in elsa 's terrify eye . elsa it 's ... bite ! clive hold on ! clive snap into action . he fumble with a series of hand - bolt along the hull . with the last clasp unlock , he 's able to open the entire chassis , release a torrent of viscous fluid and revealing ... a_dark blob of flesh with a_long serpentine tail wrap around elsa 's wrist . 27 . responding to the sudden light , the fleshy bulk release elsa 's hand and roll to the floor with a wet slap . it spasm and writhes on the spot like a horrid featureless abortion . the stinger - tip tail whip about frantically . clive rip the dome off the incubator and drop it over the creature , effectively trapping it . meanwhile , elsa 's hand be swelling inside the tear rubber glove . she pull it away to reveal horrible laceration where she have be stung repeatedly . clive ( cont 'd ) hold still . but elsa be lose control of she motor function . her mouth contort strangely , she eye roll . she fall to she knee , then onto she back , convulse on the hard tile floor . clive ( cont 'd ) elsa ?! clive tie the rubber glove around she arm , cut circulation , then rush to a first - aid cabinet . with surprisingly steady hand , he jam a epi-pen between he tooth , then fill a huge syringe from a bottle of clear fluid . clive drop to he knee at elsa 's side . by now she be completely immobile , eye roll back in she head , barely perceptible shaking in one leg . she 's stop breathe . though he hand and movement be steady , clive 's face be awash with terror . he jab the epi-pen into she shoulder . clive ( cont 'd ) hang in there ! I have get you ! clive feel for a spot between two rib , take a deep breath , then plunge the large syringe into she chest . he watch desperately as nothing happen . then , abruptly , elsa 's lung burst to life . she be gasping for breath . her irise roll back where they belong . she grab he arm , chest heaving . elsa what . what ... be that ? clive look to the creature trap under the incubator lid . clive a mistake . 28 . 38 int . observation room -- night elsa , arm in a sling , watch as clive wheel the incubator contain the creature into the containment chamber and seal the door shut . elsa stand , unsteady . clive approach , hold she close . 39 int . clive and elsa's apartment - bedroom -- dawn the pale light of dawn creep into the room . elsa be sound asleep while clive toss and turn . finally , clive shake elsa 's leg , startling she awake . clive do you think it 's in pain ? elsa huh ? what ? clive do you think it 's in pain ? elsa why would it be in pain ? clive because it 's not form right . elsa that do not mean it 's in pain . clive yeah . it probably do . clive stare at the ceiling . elsa be not sure how to respond . elsa alright . maybe . clive I be go to kill it . elsa be more fully awake . she prop herself up on a elbow . elsa there 's still a lot we can learn . ( beat ) find out how close we come . to something sustainable . clive whip back the sheet , sit up . he 's clearly upset . elsa ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... clive , it 's all right . 40 29 . clive it 's not all right . it 's wrong . int . observation room -- morning the hybrid be trap inside the incubator , which in turn be seal within the containment chamber . clive and elsa stand by the door . they have take the add precaution of wear full - body hermetic suit with helmet . in the containment room : the door open and clive and elsa enter . the hybrid lie utterly still in its glass prison . elsa be it dead ? clive reach a hand into one of the thick rubber glove build into the side of the pod ... elsa ( cont 'd ) careful . ...- and gently prod the carcass . nothing . Dead as dirt . elsa ( cont 'd ) well ... it 's not in pain now . clive I will bag it . clive pass through to the observation room , the door shutting behind he . elsa open the lid of the incubator for a closer look at the creature . she 's puzzle to find the lock clasp coat in a sticky secretion and rattling loosely off the lid . with she glove hand , she roll the hybrid over . there be a gape hole in its underbelly . it 's just a hollow exoskeleton . elsa ( to herself ) empty ... the realization dawns on she that whatever shed this skin might still be alive . and break out of the pod . something skitter noiselessly across the floor behind she . elsa ( cont 'd ) clive ? observation room 30 . out of earshot , clive pull a haz - mat bag from a drawer . containment chamber now seriously afraid , elsa look around the room . the limited view afforded by she helmet force she to clock she entire body . the room appear empty . she slowly turn ... right into the face of the creature , hang suspend upside - down from the molding in the ceiling . elsa scream and jump back . the creature drop from its perch , landing awkwardly on the ground . it rights itself on unsteady foot . elsa react , get she first good look at the thing : the hybrid have morphed into a_ SMALL , bald female child . a profoundly malformed child . its eye be set on the side of its head . arm be absent . leg be triple- jointed end with prehensile foot . the long tail with a barbed tip be the only feature it have retain from its previous incarnation . the overall package seem incomplete ; even the skin have not fully form , leave a irregular lesion vertically bisect it from head to crotch . the creature hiss and whip its venomous tail . elsa ( cont 'd ) clive ! observation room clive turn to the window . from he angle he can only see the abject terror in elsa 's face . clive what 's the matter ? elsa it 's alive ! clive crane he neck , see the creature finally , between elsa and the door , she only way out . clive Jesus ... he be about to enter but elsa warn : elsa ( 0.s. ) do not ! it will get out ! 31 . containment chamber the creature become increasingly agitate by elsa 's presence . she shuffles a careful step sideways . and the hybrid bolt at she . elsa reflexively cover herself . observation room clive watch , helpless as the hybrid tear clumsily over elsa 's body , literally bounce off the window before scurrying into a corner of the room . clive get out ! I be go to gas it ! containment chamber elsa gather herself . she have a clear path to the door now . she see the hybrid cower in the corner , sense its fear . elsa wait ... do not kill it ! clive ( over the intercom ) elsa , get out ! I be hit the gas ! in three ... elsa bring herself down to the hybrid 's level . the hybrid open its child - like mouth , revealing a toothless gummy maw , and release a horrific screech . clive ( cont 'd ) ( over the intercom ) two ... elsa be clearly disturb by the force of this outburst . the screech hold its note for a long moment , before change in timbre , slowly fade into a mournful wail - like the cry of a bawling baby . elsa ( near whisper ) it 's okay . I will not hurt you . clive ( over intercom ) one ... elsa clive ! I say don 't ! elsa rip off she helmet . observation room 32 . clive can not believe it . his hand be on a valve , ready to terminate the creature . he lean into the intercom . clive elsa . put on you helmet , damn it ! containment chamber a extraordinary thing happen : at the sight of elsa 's expose face , the hybrid calm . it 's as if the creature recognize something familiar in she . elsa it 's imprint . clive ( over intercom ) it 's dangerous . get out . elsa be too catch up in the magic of this moment . elsa ( to hybrid ) I be not go to hurt you . elsa waddle / walk closer to the creature . it cock its head to one side in nervous , flitting bird - like movement . but it no longer seem as frighten . elsa ( cont 'd ) you be really something , be not you ? elsa remove the glove from she unharme hand and gingerly extend it for the hybrid . the creature give it a few cautionary sniff . elsa 's scent seem to meet its approval . it blink sideways with nictitate eyelid and take a cautious hop forward . elsa smile . elsa ( cont 'd ) that 's it . suddenly , the creature 's face curl into a snarl . it hiss and its tail flail out defensively . elsa react , waddling backwards , confuse until she realize the creature be actually reacting to ... clive .-- behind she , helmete and wield a metal prod like a weapon . he grab she and forcibly pull she from the room , quickly shutting and lock the door behind they . the creature stare after they , frighten and confuse . 41 42 43 44 45 33 . int . observation room -- continuous clive be furious . clive be you crazy ?! be you try to get yourself kill ?! elsa I have the situation under control . clive you be forget why we come here . elsa we can not do that now . look at it ! clive can not believe what he 's hearing . clive so what ! elsa virtually hip -check he away from the panel , and get she hand on a series of valve . elsa let 's just knock it out -- find out what we have get . elsa turn on a combination of gas valve . int . containment chamber -- morning vent open in the wall . a hiss . the creature sniff the air , cower from the encroach gas . int . observation room -- morning clive observe elsa watch coolly as the creature flutter around the room like a butterfly in a jar , until it finally succumb to the fume . int . mri chamber -- later the hybrid breathes with a deep , sharp wheeze as it lie in force slumber in a cylinder - shape mri machine . a loud hum and flashing light as the machine scan she anatomy . int . analysis lab -- continuous image from the mri play out on a computer screen . 34 . the hybrid now lie strapped to a table while elsa prod at its tail . clive can not suppress he amazement . clive this be unbelievable . I do not know what half of this be . elsa must have be some rogue element . junk gene push through . elsa press a glove - thumb beneath its tip and a sharp spike protrude from a hood of skin . it drip with a sticky goo that elsa smear onto a slide . elsa ( cont 'd ) some kind of self - defense mechanism . clive or attack venom . elsa none of she animal component have predatory characteristic . clive well ... there 's the human element . elsa give he a wry smirk . clive shift he attention to the computer output from the mri . a series of cross-section x-ray flicker on the screen . clive ( cont 'd ) what be this dark splotches ? elsa look up from examine blood sample . on the screen , clive point out two jet-black mass in the chest cavity . elsa lung ? clive no ... ( indicate lighter patch ) this be the lung . elsa tumor ? clive guess we will find out in the autopsy . elsa stare at the hybrid , not at all happy about the idea of kill it . 35 . clive ( cont 'd ) elsa , this be never suppose to go this far . it be not even suppose to go full term . elsa but it do . clive we be just go to prove we could do it . that be all . elsa so what be you say ? be you really go to kill it ? clive glance over to the sleep hybrid , eerily human-like . elsa ( cont 'd ) you think you can do that ? clive 's mouth tighten without comment . elsa pull he over to the table where she microscope sit . she point to the video tap : a microscopic view of rapidly divide cell . elsa ( cont 'd ) see that ? it must have develop the ambysotma growth gene . clive it 's aging fast . elsa day within a matter of minute . ( beat ) this thing be go to die soon , anyway . we will be able to observe its entire life cycle in compress time . ( beat ) we will never have a opportunity like this again . clive bite he lip . she 's play he perfectly . he glance at the hybrid . clive so it 's die ? elsa she 's die . all by herself . 46 36 . clive look apprehensive , but stare at the creature , he can not quite suppress a powerful fascination . int . MAIN lab -- day New equipment be be install for the breakdown and analysis of chemical , disturbing the work of several of the lab staff . dexter swab sample of Ginger 's dorsal excretion , while clive pull a blood sample . the little creature shake under the needle . dexter estrogen level 's be low this day . clive what do you mean " this day " ? how long ? dexter it 's in the log . every test , every stat . dexter hand clive a thick file . clive sorry . I ... I 'ma little wear out . he leaf absently through stat . dexter I , um ... guess that thing , that experiment you have get go on ... still not ready to talk about it ? clive close the file and regards he brother 's aching curiosity . clive I can tell you it 's big . pretty big . and we need you help . dexter quickly perk up at the pleasing prospect of involvement . dexter sure ... anything . clive put he hand on dexter 's shoulder , squeezing it inclusively . clive this experiment ... it 's really important that it do not get disturb . ( more ) 47 37 . clive ( cont 'd ) we need you to make sure that nobody ... I mean nobody get inside the containment room . dexter sure . absolutely . nobody get in . ( hopefully ) not even ...? ( point to himself ) clive smile , and shake he head . dexter shrug off he disappointment with a grin . clive sorry . nobody . int . containment chamber -- day the hybrid be now the size of a toddler and harness by a three - foot lead to the leg of a floor- bolt workbench . a plastic container have be tape on as a protective cover for she tail stinger . she scratch at it with some irritation . clive eye the tail nervously as he attempt to feed she a bowl of wet green mush with a turkey - baster . elsa watch , talk into a hand -held voice recorder . elsa ( into recorder ) we have get h - 50 on a diet of chlorophyll , roughage , bean curd , and enrich starch . as quickly as clive try to jam the baster into the hybrid 's mouth , she either turn she head or spit the food out . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( into recorder ) she seem resistant to feed , though she rapid growth should generate a proportionate appetite . clive try to squeeze a little more goo into the hybrid 's stubborn mouth . he receive a green blob to the forehead for he effort . clive we be go to have to do this with a drip feed . elsa she will just rip it out . 48 49 38 . the hybrid sniff the air , sense something . suddenly , a leg lash out at elsa with a shockingly fast kick . both she and clive recoil . then they see it : the hybrid 's tiny , hand - like foot have snatch the box of nerd from elsa 's lab coat . she be gobble the candy like a starve animal . elsa watch amaze , a idea form . int . containment chamber -- soon after elsa crumble several nerd between two spoon , then mix they into the hybrid 's mush . she hold the spoon up to the hybrid 's mouth . this time nostril flair and she happily wolf the food down . clive now commandeer the voice recorder . clive ( into recorder ) track she feed habit , we have determine that the h - 50 crave high - sucrose foodstuff . elsa wipe a little goo from the side of the hybrid 's mouth . a long tongue dart out , precisely clean elsa 's finger . she give elsa what might be consider a smile . elsa smile back and continue the feed . int . novaphorm headquarters - barlow' office -- day clive sit with barlow in he downtown office . Three small armchair have be jamme into a corner of the room near he desk . one be empty . clive look a little ruffle by stress and bad sleep . barlow where 's elsa ? clive at the lab . holding thing together . barlow she be not too happy about the new directive , be she ? clive it be a bit of a shock . barlow I understand . barlow lean in close , as though the wall might be listen . 39 . barlow ( cont 'd ) Truth be , if we do not start project profit , big profit , soon ... novaphorm 's in serious trouble . clive look genuinely startle . barlow grab clive 's hand , like a terminal patient implore he doctor for a cure . barlow ( cont 'd ) phase 2 be not a option . it 's all we have get . you will impress that on she , clive , will not you ? clive we be on side , Bill . trust I . barlow , relieved , abruptly change tone to one of chummy encouragement . barlow look at it this way . we be spare you a lot of grief . the world 's not ready to mess with the human animal . ( beat ) you know kwan over at geneteck ? clive Tim kwan ? barlow ( nod ) he step over the line ... right into a ten year prison term . clive take this in ... barlow ( cont 'd ) genius be punish when it 's ahead of the time . ( beat ) all through history . ..- and swallow hard . 50 int . containment chamber -- day the hybrid be a little larger than when we last see she . elsa give she a routine physical examination , while speak into she voice recorder . clive sit quietly in the corner , flipping through the log book on Fred and Ginger , try to get up to date . 40 . elsa ( into recorder ) h - 50 's physiological anomaly continue to emerge . swell in the latissimus dorsi and teris Major and minor muscle . elsa notice pronounce bruise and swell from the rib cage along to the back . her expression betray sympathy but she voice remain clinical . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( into recorder ) it 's possible that aspect of she anatomy may be ill-suite to emerge mutation ... elsa wince at the painfully tender look of the flesh . when she prod the bruise , the hybrid writhes from she touch . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( into recorder ) the overall structure could become unstable lead to malignancy and ... elsa can not finish the sentence . elsa ( cont 'd ) it 's too soon to make any assumption . she click off she voice recorder and gather she papers . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( to clive ) you will be alright , then ? clive look up from he work . clive El , you have not take a break in day . elsa kiss clive on the cheek ... elsa call if there 's a problem . -.. and head for the door . the hybrid look alarmed . she hop after elsa , jerk short when she reach the end of she lead . then cry out , she alien tone settling into the all too familiar timber of a human baby . elsa regards she , do she best to maintain cool composure . elsa ( cont 'd ) I will be back tomorrow . 51 41 . conflict , she turn to go . a sick , tearing SOUND and a scream . clive jump up as elsa spin around in time to see ... the hybrid 's back spasm , muscle twist , flesh stretch grotesquely as if something inside be try to break out . riiiip ! a slender girlish arm erupt from she side . bleed and drip with shred of skin , it lash out and grip elsa 's leg with two bony finger and a oppose thumb . clive Holy fuck ! elsa instinctively yank she leg but the hybrid hold on tight . the creature cry out louder , possibly as much from emotional heartache as physical pain . and another lanky arm burst out of the other side of she bruise , fleshy back . clive take out they cam -corder , capture the whole incredible event on video . elsa stare down at the hybrid , freak - out by the bloody appendage desperately claw she pant leg . clive ( cont 'd ) El , careful ... but elsa surrender to the irresistible need to comfort . she bend into the gooey embrace , draw the hybrid close . the creature 's cry trail off into hiccupe breath of relief . clive 's brow furrow from behind the viewfinder , reacting to this blatantly emotional display . int . muscle car - parking lot -- night elsa get behind the wheel and insert she key into the ignition . but she hesitates before turn it , stare back at the entrance to the lab . she bite a nail , nervously . then quickly compose herself and start the car , mumble reassurance to herself . elsa she will be alright . it 's fine . she will be fine . elsa swing out of the parking space . 52 53 42 . int . birthing chamber -- night the hybrid be wailing at the top of she lung . she be apparently not fine . the tear skin on she back have be carefully bandage with gauze and tape , but she seem emotionally stricken by elsa 's absence . clive try to approach , implore she to calm down . clive hey , it 's okay . she will be back . the hybrid continue to wail at full volume . clive step forward . the hybrid quickly skitter towards the corner , as far as she rope will let she . her tail flail back and forth menacingly , its plastic bottle clatter on the floor . clive ( cont 'd ) take it easy ! c'mon . I be here . she crank up she cry another notch . clive ( cont 'd ) think of all the new thing we can do now . ( smile ) we can arm wrestle ! the hybrid 's cry sputter and stall a moment . clive look relieved - he 's get through . but she be just fill she lung for another , even louder emotional blast . hand on he ear , clive can not take it . he stagger out of the room . int . novaphorm lab - lunch room -- evening clive insert coin into a vend machine , relieved to be momentarily away from the cacophony . his coffee come down the chute and as he reach to retrieve it , he hear ... the hybride wailing ... faint and distant , but unmistakable . clive shake he head , think he 's hearing thing until he eye land on the air duct next to the fridge . her voice be come up through the ventilation system . panick , he scan the room . there be a few lab technician snack at the far end , who have not yet hear . the hybrid 's voice seem to be get louder still . think quickly , clive fumble with a radio on top of the fridge . 54 55 43 . he turn it on to a talk show . the creature 's voice still cut through . clive spin the dial until he tune into a loud heavy metal station - mid-guitar solo . he crank the volume . her voice be finally drown out . he look back to the technician . one long -haired techie hold up he fore - finger and pinky ( devil 's horn ) as a sign of appreciation to clive . clive force a smile and return the gesture . int . clive and elsa's apartment - hall -- night elsa dig musty box out of a hallway closet . she pull out the one she be look for . it 's label " private ... elly 's stuff " in childish scrawl . she open it with a mixture of excitement and dread . Inside be a assortment of child 's toy : a ratty stuffed dog , a miniature bicycle , a wooden horse . one toy in particular draw she attention ... a barbie doll circa 1980 . memories flood . something else catch she eye . she dig in deeper , find a dog-eare photo . it 's a picture of a five year old elsa and she mother stand by the family farm - a stern woman with a arm protectively wrap around she daughter , she long dark hair sport elsa 's single streak of white . elsa regards it for a long moment . but rather than trigger fond memory , the photo only seem to inspire melancholy . int . containment chamber -- day a new day : elsa check the bandage at the extraction point where the hybrid 's arm erupt from she back . the creature seem beguile by this new aspect of she body . she wave and flexe they with delighted bird - like chortle . she reach out tentatively , stroking elsa 's curl . elsa you like that ? you like hair ? ( suddenly remember ) oh , hey , I find some thing for you . elsa pull out she box of toy and set it down between the hybrid 's leg . elsa ( cont 'd ) see anything else you like ? 56 44 , the hybrid push around awkwardly in the box , intrigue by the shape , but be instantly draw to the barbie doll . she have some trouble grip with she new hand , so elsa help she , wrapping she own hand around the hybrid 's finger . together they hold barbie in the air between they . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( in a breathy barbie voice ) hi there . I be barbie . I like cute guy , fast car and funny little creature like you . elsa slowly let go of the hybrid 's hand , pleased to see she grip the doll on she own . elsa ( cont 'd ) she be my secret friend . I be not allow to have she , so I have to keep she hide . ( beat ) just like you . the hybrid turn it around clumsily , study it from all angle . she stroke the hair , completely entrance . elsa ( cont 'd ) that 's right . she have hair too . elsa watch wistfully . there 's something a little sad about this bald creature so fascinate by hair . the hybrid 's head begin to bob with fatigue , eye droop . she lean she forehead on elsa 's shoulder . elsa ( cont 'd ) you be tired . that 's all right . we will play later . the hybrid nuzzle deeper into elsa 's shoulder . at first a little nervous , elsa gather the creature into she lap and cradle she . the hybrid instantly begin to relax . and elsa find herself rock she and hum , softly . if we listen closely the we might recognize the melody as " under my skin " . the creature 's eyelid droop , she neck relax . within moment , she be breathe deeply -- asleep . ext . observation room -- continuous unseen by elsa , clive watch through the one - way mirror , she humming broadcast over the intercom . he be clearly troubled by this tableau . 45 . 57 int . novaphorm lab - corridor -- day in a private corner , elsa wolf down nerd and talk rapidly , riding a sugar- fuel high . clive listen . his face betray concern . elsa I think it 's a form of hypometamorphosis . her tissue liquefy and reform . that 's why we can not track it with mri or x-ray . at this point , there 's no tell what she might become . and it 's not just she body . her intelligence be develop fast . she figure thing out . clive we have to be careful not to project too much onto she . elsa she 's not just a collection of instinct . she think . clive of course she think . dog think . but ... a techie pass . they nod greeting , pause they conversation until he 's out of earshot . clive ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) ...- but dog be not capable of complex associative reason . elsa you be wrong . she just need time . clive watch elsa carefully , measure she up . clive you know what we need ? elsa what ? clive we need to act we age . 58 int . hyperspace -- night clive and elsa share a booth at the same club where clive be ' shot ' . the air prickle with its usual high - energy throb . elsa sip from a glass of wine , look restless . 59 46 . clive tap the breakneck beat with he fingernails on the table , groove to the psychedelic mayhem . clive hey , come on . let 's dance . elsa no . thanks . I do not feel like it . clive barrel past he disappointment . he reach into he pocket and produce elsa 's dropper-vial of liquid excitement . clive I know what you need . a little drop of fun . elsa shake she head without apology . clive 's smile fall . elsa I be have fun . but you go ahead . go for it . clive 's determination be lose steam . he pocket the vial . clive no. I be okay . I be fine . ( unconvincing ) this be fun . the noise of the club flood into they vacuum of conversation . eventually , elsa gather up she purse and shuffles out of the booth . clive ( cont 'd ) you all right ? elsa I want to go . I want to go back . ( beat ) she should not be leave alone . int . observation room -- day elsa have let the hybrid out of containment . she be now about the size of a five year old child , with fully develop , spindly arm . there be a few emerge stand of hair , which only emphasize she baldness . sitting cross -legge on the floor , elsa watch with delight as the hybrid successfully place a spoon onto a piece of paper with a draw outline of a spoon . elsa that 's right . spoon. ( beat ) now " Dog " . do the dog ! 47 . the hybrid quickly pick up the tiny stuffed dog and place it onto a sheet of paper with a crudely draw dog . elsa clap she hand delighted . elsa ( cont 'd ) that 's it ! Dog ! it 's get too easy for you , be not it ? the hybrid cock she head expectantly . elsa spill several nerd into the creature 's hand , which she quickly scarf . elsa ( cont 'd ) you could do this all day . elsa scuffles over to the table and pull down a large box . elsa ( cont 'd ) let 's try something different . she pull a deluxe - edition scrabble game from its box and place the board between they . it 's the kind with a lazy - Susan base , and raise ridge to line up the letter . elsa spill the bag of letter onto the floor and quickly rummages for the tile she want . she arrange the letter p-e-n onto the board then pivot it so the word appear upright to the hybrid . she hold up a pen , then point to the letter . elsa ( cont 'd ) p-e-n ! that say pen . pen ! she put down the pen and point to the word . elsa ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? show I . show I the pen . the hybrid just stare at she blankly . elsa arrange the letter of she own name , e-l-s -a . elsa ( cont 'd ) that 's elsa . me. ( tapping she chest ) I be elsa . elsa . the hybrid 's face be a blank slate of incomprehension . elsa point back to the first word , and hold up the ballpoint . elsa ( cont 'd ) pen ! this be a pen . ( tapping she chest ) elsa . I be elsa . Pen ... elsa . 48 . elsa search the hybrid 's face , desperate to detect the slight sign of association . nothing . elsa notice the hybrid 's gaze be fixate on the box of nerd in she breast pocket . she spill a couple into she palm -- incentive . the hybrid 's eye dart , she mouth open slightly . holding the nerd hostage in she palm , elsa point again at the word : pen . elsa ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? pen . ( beat ) where 's the pen ? still nothing . not a glimmer . elsa pop the nerd into she own mouth with a sigh , then tip the board , spilling the letter to the floor . she see palpable disappointment in the hybrid 's eye -- reacting to the lose reward . elsa get another idea . she rifle through the tile , pluck up five letter to spell the word : n-e-r-d-s . she rotate the board , then hold up the box of candy where the same letter be clearly mark on the label : nerd . the hybrid 's eye flit quickly from the nerd to the scrabble board , then back to the nerd . elsa smile . something 's start to click . elsa ( cont 'd ) nerd ... c'mon . you know what nerd be . the hybrid reach out a spindly hand to touch the tile , she eye skip to the actual package of candy . elsa ( cont 'd ) that 's right . they be the same . nerd ! the hybrid abruptly pop the letter S into she mouth , chew and quickly swallow it . elsa gasp . the hybrid make a sour expression , as though she would be trick . elsa 's momentary dismay be replace by a triumphant grin . elsa ( cont 'd ) you do it ! you make a connection ! good girl ! elsa spill some real nerd onto the game board and the hybrid quickly gobbles they up . the door open behind elsa . she spin quickly to greet clive . the hybrid cower at he arrival . 49 . elsa ( cont 'd ) she do it ! clive what 's go on ? elsa she can associate ! clive ( annoyed ) what be she do in this room ? you can not let she out . elsa what 's the problem ? clive specimen need to be contain . elsa do not call she that . clive what be we suppose to call she ? elsa quickly scan the room , look for a name . on the scrabble board be the remain four ( un - eat ) tile spelling nerd . of course , they be upside - down to elsa . elsa dren . her name be dren . dren , the hybrid , scuttle into the corner . clive be suddenly furious . clive you be talk like ... you be treat she like she 's a ... ( catch himself ) a pet ! elsa I be compile a developmental profile . she need more stimulation than that room . clive well , we be screw now . they be renovate this entire wing . tomorrow ! so what the hell be we go to do about that ?! dren 's eye narrow at he raise voice . elsa , now angry herself , yank a equipment cart from the side of the room . 50 . elsa alright , so we will move she . we will put she in the storage room downstairs . nobody go down there . clive what be we do ? why be we take all this risk ? elsa yank equipment from the lower shelf of the cart . elsa when the hell do you get so fuck scared of everything ! something triggers in clive . he take three furious step into elsa 's face . yelling now . loudly . clive when the fuck did you stop be a scientist ?! dren fling herself across the room and land squarely on clive . he fall backwards , hit the floor hard . dren 's tail wave wildly , fling off the protective cover . the poison spike withdraw from its fleshy sheath , poise to sting ! elsa no ! stop ! dren freeze , then turn she head to elsa . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( cool , in command ) go to you place . dren eye clive once more before obediently skulking back into she corner . clive sit up , breathe heavily , still a little afraid . elsa ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . she will not hurt you . she help clive up . elsa ( cont 'd ) I know we have a situation . but we just have to deal with it . clive ( struggle to contain himself ) a situation ? she could have kill I ! 60 51 . clive and dren eye each other warily . elsa load a cardboard box into the lower portion of the cart . elsa do not be melodramatic . let 's just solve this . clive Jesus fuck Christ ! int . corridor -- day elsa and clive wheel the cart with equipment on top . a box label , sequence Driver , rest beneath . the top shift . dren 's eye peer out . elsa push she gently back down . elsa stay inside , dren . clive nervously glance around the corner . Coast be clear . clive she okay ? elsa scare . it 's all right . they truck the cart around the corner and manage to get to the freight elevator undetected . elsa hit the down button . the elevator rise up from the basement at a snail 's pace . finally the door open , revealing ... dexter , who look startle to see they . dexter wow . I do not think I have see the two of you together in week . elsa hey , dex . dexter 's eye land on the eeg machine on top of the cart with a variety of other device . dexter where be you go with that ? clive storage . it 's not work . we need to order a new ... dexter ( confuse ) what do you mean , not work ? I have it hook up to Fred yesterday . clive be not sure what to say . dexter search they face . 52 . dexter ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? the clacking of men' shoe . clive look over he shoulder and see barlow stride down the hall . clive shit . elsa flick hair from she face , try to play it cool . clive swallow hard . barlow I have be look for you two everywhere . clive whazup ? barlow glance at the cart of equipment . barlow what 's all this ? clive just some junk we be trash . barlow be suddenly curious . he finger the eeg machine on the top of the cart . barlow pretty state - of- the - art junk . what else be you ...? to clive and elsa 's horror , barlow quickly bend down to the bottom of the cart and open the box contain dren ! barlow tip the box to reveal that the it 's empty - dren be go . clive scan the hallway . nothing . they catch each other 's eye , bewilder . elsa buck up ... elsa what can we do for you , Bill ? barlow quickly lose interest in the equipment . barlow listen . great news . we be go to present Fred and Ginger at the annual shareholder 's meeting . clive and elsa be completely distract , scan for some sign of miss dren . elsa shareholder ? 53. barlow we impress they with the h - 40' , novaphorm stock will go through the roof ... clive I dunno Bill , we be pretty busy ... the elevator door slide close . elsa quickly slap the down button again , they slide back open . she enter the elevator half expect to find dren in there . the elevator 's empty . she remain inside , hold the door with she hand . barlow I think you would be excited . do not you wanna show they off ? clive be anxious to get rid of barlow . clive yeah , I guess . he look nervously to elsa , who be stare oddly at dexter . barlow alright then . let 's meet . I have get to prepare a budget . something drip on barlow 's shoulder . he do not notice . clive follow elsa 's eye to dexter . his mortify gaze be fixate on the ceiling , where dren be wedge like a tree toad_in the corner above barlow . her tail swing back and forth , ready to pounce . clive stifles he shock . barlow take one last look at the eeg machine . barlow ( cont 'd ) you sure we can not fix it ? sometimes you guy act like there 's money come out of ... suddenly dexter speak up , a hair too loudly . dexter it 's fry ! totally fuck ! we need a new one . right away . barlow 's eyebrow raise at dexter 's outburst . over he shoulder , elsa peel dren off the wall , and swing she into the elevator . dexter take barlow by the arm and gently guide he away from the elevator . 61 62 54 . dexter ( cont 'd ) listen , Bill ... I have get some requisition form , on my desk . if you can push the purchase through ... dexter hazard a glimpse back at clive , who toss back a quick look of appreciation , and then shove the cart into the elevator . barlow call after they as the door close . barlow call I ! barlow feel the wetness on he shoulder . bring he finger to he nose , sniff they , sense something be up but unable to pin down exactly what it be . int . downstair corridor -- day elsa and clive roll the cart quickly up to the door of the storage room . elsa God , I hate that guy . clive why , because he play by the rule ? elsa because he love they . elsa quickly key open the door and push the cart inside . int . storage room -- day the inside of the storage room be line with shelf , cluttere with old box , obsolete equipment , and forget clean product . at the far end there 's plumbing and a huge industrial sink . stepping inside propel a cloud of dust into the air . clive ( furious ) you know , stick to a few fuck rule be not always such a bad idea . elsa draw dren from below the cart and into she arm , look a little queasy . clive step back , wary . elsa nobody 's go to care about a few rule . after they see what we have make ... 63 55 . clive see what we have make ! nobody can see what we have make ! elsa once they see Ginger and Fred , do not you think the world 's go to want to know what 's next ? she hold dren 's face next to she own , as though this be all she need to make she case to the world . elsa ( cont 'd ) do you think they can look at this face ... and see anything less than a miracle ? clive 's jaw hang open , stunne at elsa 's naivete . and as if on cue , dren puke on elsa 's shoulder , then bury she head miserably in elsa 's chest . elsa ( cont 'd ) oh ... oh no . oh sweetie , you be sick . clive shake he head , astound . the whole thing be get to be too much . elsa put she wrist to dren 's forehead . elsa ( cont 'd ) clive , she 's really hot . clive I have get to talk to dexter . he leave , disgust . elsa hardly notice . int . novaphorm lab - lunch room -- day clive sit with dexter by the window . the silence between they be so intense , the hum of the Coke machine sound like a plane landing . finally clive can not take it any longer . clive go ahead . say what you be think . dexter what I be think ? what be you think ? clive it be kind of a accident . 56 . dexter ( incredulous ) that kind of a accident take a hundred million year ! unless ... somebody very smart do it on purpose . clive look . I know it 's crazy ... ( beat ) but I need you support on this . I need you help . dexter look at clive with a mixture of reluctant loyalty , and profound disappointment . dexter I have get a wife and three kid . what happen to they if I go to prison ? for what you two have do . clive squirm in he chair . dexter ( cont 'd ) do you ever think about that ? ( beat ) do you think at all ? or do you just do what she want ? clive ( face redden ) it be not like that . dexter you could have stop it . at any time , you could have say no to she . clive can not quite muster a retort . dexter ( cont 'd ) try it some time . with that , dexter bustles out of the room , leave he brother to quietly simmer alone . int . storage room -- night it 's night now , clive have accomplish a lot with the room , pile all the unwanted box to one side . he finish mop the floor while elsa dote over sick dren . she pull a thermometer from dren 's mouth and study it . elsa one hundred and five . this be serious . 57 . clive how do we know with she ? elsa ( frantic ) I know . we have to do something ! clive what ? what be we suppose to do ? dren let out a trilling groan that end with a choke and more vomit . elsa rush over to wipe she mouth . elsa we have to take she somewhere . clive that 's crazy ! elsa ( almost cry ) then do something ! clive stare down at dren , who be quickly fade . he scan the storage room desperately . clive we be bio-chemist . we can handle this ! elsa how ? fuck ! how ?! clive turn to the industrial sink and run the faucet . clive what do you do with high fever ? elsa cold bath ! clive all right . let 's do it ! moment later the sink be almost full . dren 's condition be considerably worse . her nose be completely clogge , throat swollen , she can hardly breathe . clive turn off the faucet . elsa hurry . with she leg fold under she , clive and elsa manage to squeeze dren into the sink sideways . 58 . she squirm slightly at the shock of cold water , but have not the strength to resist . elsa ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , honey . it 's okay . dren 's breathe be get even more shallow . elsa try to hold she head up to facilitate the flow of oxygen . it 's no good . elsa ( cont 'd ) she can not breath . her passage be close ! do something ! clive what ? what ?! elsa I don't know ! dren 's thrashes in the water as she fight for air . clive tracheotomy ! elsa with what ? clive in the lab ... elsa there 's no time . clive give elsa a lose , defeat look ... like this be inevitable . he shake he head . frustration rise . suddenly , he grab dren by the head and push she face under water . elsa scream . elsa ( cont 'd ) clive ! stop it ! she pull at he arm . smash at he shoulder . dren , with the little strength she have leave , squirm for she life . clive get off I ! enough ! elsa you be kill she ! let she go ! ( shriek ) stop it ! she continue to fight and claw at clive . he hang on , elbow she away . he lean into the sink , determine . elsa watch like we watch we own nightmare . 65 59 . bubble break to the surface . first softly . then building . bubbles in rhythmic regularity . elsa 's face light up , astound . it 's dren. breathe . underwater . clive 's ferocity break into relief and astonishment . he laugh . elsa stare down , hold she hair , awe -struck . elsa ( cont 'd ) she 's breathe ! dren have by - pass she clogge mouth and nose and be breathe through gill which have emerge under she jaw-line . clive relax he arm . dren have cease struggle . he simply hold she gently under the surface . later : dren be out of the sink , look very much revive as elsa pat she down with a towel . clive now we know what that " blob " be . amphibious lung ! elsa you save she . my God ! ( ecstatic ) how do you know ? clive respond with a awkward shrug . elsa ( cont 'd ) you do know , right ? there 's a moment . just the slight instant of hesitation . clive yeah . of course . elsa relax , she doubt easily evaporate . then clive face she , deadly serious . clive ( cont 'd ) we can not fuck around anymore . we have to clean this place up . make it safe . elsa smile and nod , relieved to finally have he on -side . int . storage room - video montage we watch a montage of video footage of dren , take we through she rapid physical development from the body of a seven year - old girl to that of a adolescent . the storage room have now take on the character of a family live room . 60 . dren be dress for the first time in a hospital gown . Little girl 's barrettes stick to she tuft of hair humanize she just enough to really emphasize she strangeness . elsa ( 0.s . ) in the first three month since she birth , dren , the world 's first human - animal chimera , have far outstrip we expectation . clive enter the frame with a cake . at first , dren shrink from the three flicker birthday candle . but with clive 's instruction , she quickly learn to blow they out . she flash a gap-tooth smile . elsa ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) while genetically she follow the same template as we h - 40 hybrid , the add human element appear to be take a dominant role . dren now look to be perhaps eleven , and increasingly girl - like . Hair be beginning to thicken . the seam - like scar down she face and body be less prominent . elsa conduct dren , who sway and whistle in odd tone along to a Big Band rendition of " under my skin " while the video camera move around her body . clive lift she arm for a closer view . there be a strange muscle system run under they and join to the skin of she back . clive ( 0.s. ) the muscular structure extend from the trapezius to the deltoideus and end at the brachialis be unusual , they function unclear . finally , we see what look like a full - grown teenage girl in a old - fashioned bathtub . her body be beginning to look more like that of a young woman in puberty . hip curve . a trace of breast noticeable . her eye have migrate closer to the front of she head . though still alien-look , she feature have become quite sculpt and lovely . clive ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we do know she have develop a secondary amphibian respiratory system , and become ill if out of water too long . elsa instruct as dren arrange scrabble tile which float on the surface of the water to spell simple word . nerd continue to be a incentive . 66 61 . elsa ( 0.s. ) Intelligence and communication skill continue to improve . still , she mind remain she great mystery . dren sink below the surface disappear from the camera' view . end montage int . storage room -- night clive put down the camcorder as elsa dim the light near dren , who be tucking under the cover , post -bath . elsa begin to step away , when dren bolt upright , she arm reach out , clearly agitate . elsa what 's wrong ? what be it , honey ? dren quickly shuffles through she collection of scrabble tile on the night table . she begin to arrange letter : k - i- S ... elsa nearly melt . elsa ( cont 'd ) oh ! I be sorry , dren . I forget . she lean over and give dren a kiss on each cheek and one on the forehead . the hybrid 's tension instantly vaporize . in another instant , she 's asleep , she face at peace . elsa draw a curtain suspend from the ceiling and turn to clive with a whisper . elsa ( cont 'd ) she 's have a big day . together they collapse onto the cushion of a old couch . elsa look exhaust . with she skirt well up above she knee , clive find himself admire she leg . clive it 's be a long time . his hand ride up she leg . elsa oh , God . I do not even notice . ( beat ) be that what happen ? clive to couple when they ... 67 62 . elsa when they work too hard ? that be not quite what clive mean , but he nod anyway . clive c'mere . elsa what , here ? clive just get over here . he pull elsa into he lap and kiss she neck . elsa sling she leg over clive , lift she skirt , straddle he while they kiss deeply , mouth open . they start to grind and groan . elsa fumble under she skirt and we hear the sound of clive's zipper and tearing pantyhose . surprise but excited , clive disengage from they kiss to whisper in she ear . clive ( cont 'd ) hey ... we do not have any ... elsa just grab he hand and mash it into she breast . they be already fuck . elsa what 's the worst that could happen ? clive be about to put a stop to they passion when something catch he eye . a shimmer . he push elsa 's hair out of he face . he see she . dren. peer through the curtain . her excited breathe give she away . oblivious , elsa continue to ride he , she arousal building . the moment be surreal . clive continue to watch dren watch . he say nothing . sexual momentum build . strangeness . joan ( v.o. ) here be a couple ... each so unlike anything we have see before ... clive 's face contort into orgasm -- a release of raw physical pleasure . ext . convention CENTER -- night clive be grinning widely , he eye alight with the excitement of the evening . 68 63. he and elsa , formally dress , hold hand , walk ceremoniously up the stair to a large convention CENTER - site of the annual novaphorm shareholder 's meeting . a large banner sport novaphorm 's logo and the slogan : " designing a better today " . joan ( v.o. ) ... they be draw together by the simple fact that there be nobody else quite like they . on either side of the stair , reporter , photographer , and video crew jostle for position , elbow - to - elbow with protester from all walk of life - religious and secular . as the protester scream they epitaph and warning , shake they sign , and bump up against a heavy security presence , clive and elsa seem not to notice . this be they proudest night . Arm - in - arm they stride into science 's brightest spotlight . int . convention CENTER - auditorium -- night Joan stand at a podium address a auditorium pack to the rafter with investor . we realize now that she speech be not about elsa and clive after all ... but about Ginger and Fred , who be on stage in clear , plexi-glass cage . joan that they be completely unique in this world be more than a act of fate . more than just luck . it be by design ! as Joan 's presentation continue , the cage slowly roll towards each other from oppose end of the stage . joan ( cont 'd ) now , let I present to you the mind behind the design ... splice - master extraordinaire : clive nicoli and elsa kast ! with a loud fanfare , clive and elsa take to the stage . clearly excited , catch up in the energy of the moment , they wave to the cheer crowd . Joan step aside so they can huddle over the podium microphone . clive there 's be a lot of talk tonight about advancement in multi-specy morphogen . we have talk about we new protein-base compound . Disease - fight agent for livestock . 64 . behind he , a slide - show rifle through the development of Ginger and Fred at the microscopic level . barlow and dexter watch from the wing , nervous and proud . the Lab techy be fan out behind they . in the audience , front row , sit melinda and the photographer from " wire " magazine . Ginger and Fred 's cage continue to roll towards center-stage . elsa lean into the mic . elsa and that 's all very exciting for everyone at novaphorm . ( beat ) but let 's be honest . what 's exciting for you people here tonight , be see this two creature . alive ! in the flesh ! perfectly on cue , the cage align . the wall separate they sink away . Ginger and Fred be free to mingle in a single double -size cage . as each step forward , a little disorient by the bright light , there be a communal gasp from the audience . elsa ( cont 'd ) they be state of the art designer organism ! Ginger and Fred approach each other , sniff and arouse , like they have a hundred time before . they mutual excitement be so focus , they become oblivious to they surroundings . elsa ( cont 'd ) man 's newest and best friend ... the audience , get they first clear view of the hybrid in motion , be awed and silent . a video projector splashes live close - up on the wall behind they . elsa ( cont 'd ) ...- here to point the way to a better ... the hybrid ' approach include the usual purring rumble . then , a agitate raise of hackles . Ginger 's mouth open , a string of drool drop to the floor . elsa ( cont 'd ) ... today ! Ginger growls . clive suddenly look worried . he glance to elsa , who shake she head , confuse just as ... 69 65 . ginger leap on fred ! the two of they fly into a vicious fight ! Joan stagger back from the cage . barlow run on - stage from the wing . the hybrid be lock in a snarling , screeching battle to the death . they tear at each other with teeth and claw like rabid dog . blood and bit of flesh splatter the glass . dexter and several lab tech rush to help but be powerless to stop the carnage . the savage fight continue until the hybrid be hide from view behind bloody glass . a breathless moment of quiet . the sound resume full force as the cage buckle and then shatter . the frenzied and mangle form of Ginger and Fred tumble out . they roll across the stage , then fall off into the audience ! scream and pandemonium . melinda and the photographer leap to they foot , just in time to catch a splash of blood across they face and the camera lens . within moment , Ginger , then Fred , collapse into puddle of blood and tear flesh . clive , elsa , dexter and barlow , all stand speechless before the mound of gore that be they scientific triumph . the entire spectacle be project in grotesque detail on a twenty foot screen behind they . Joan stare hypnotically at the video enlargement of Ginger 's ooze innard . int . novaphorm headquarters - conference room -- day there be a deathly silence in the room as Joan , barlow , clive and elsa face - off around a oversize conference table . what be clear be that the hybrid have hit the fan . elsa 's white blouse be spatter with blood . Joan have make a point of remove she shoe . clive 's dress pants be stain from the cuff to the knee . eventually , barlow feel compel to pipe up . barlow I think we have to agree that this be a setback in term of ... joan it 's a fuck disaster ! elsa they have never exhibit aggression in the past ... 66 . joan well , they do tonight . why ? clive and elsa exchange glance , each hope the other will do the explain . joan ( cont 'd ) ( furious ) what happened ? clive well ... we have not have much time to examine the remain but ... it seem that Ginger have somehow undergone certain ... um ... elsa hormonal change . joan hormonal change ? elsa she turn into a male . Joan and barlow look stunne . barlow just like that ? change sex ? how could this happen ? clive ( swallow hard ) we ... really do not know . but , clearly two male , cage together and stress ... Joan carefully read clive and elsa , as though they might be put she on . joan so you first survive , live hybrid change sex ... ( beat ) and you do not notice ? how be that possible ? no answer . clive and elsa look rightly chastise . elsa we can recreate they . there 's no reason not to start over . Joan slam the desk , furious . joan no more monster ! ( more ) 67 . joan ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) we do not have time for that . we need the gene that produce cd-356 . and we need it immediately . clive how be we suppose derive protein generation from dead specimen ? joan surely you be farther along than that ?! elsa synthesize the protein have not be as easy as we would hope . joan ( angry ) ; then you be not allocate you resource effectively . barlow clear he throat . barlow we still have a lot of material to work with . ( to Joan ) I can put the chem - Tel team on it . clive and elsa look to barlow , betrayed . at they lowest moment , he 's clearly seize the day . elsa ( outrage ) this be we project . we can handle it . joan apparently you cannot . barlow let I do this . we can still make the deadline . joan ( to barlow ) done . whatever you need . I be make you hand - on in charge of this . ( to clive and elsa ) I want that protein synthesize in two week . do you understand ? clive and elsa respond with mute compliance . 70 71 68 . int . MAIN lab -- day the gestation cell be be dismantle and carry out of the birthing room in piece . barlow lead a SMALL army of invading scientist in gut the lab . they work with aggressive efficiency and little regard for clive and elsa 's staff , who be leave cower on the sideline . int . storage room -- day clive , elsa , and dexter confer in the storage room . clive nervously pace back and forth , while elsa sit in the corner with dren , keep she calm in the presence of this newcomer . dexter can not help stare at dren 's strangeness . dexter you have to get it out of here . clive and take she where ? dexter anywhere ! barlow 's take over every inch of this place . he will find it . clive what be we gonna do ? we need someplace ... away from everything . dexter ( genuinely confuse ) what be I not get here ? what would you expect when you make it ? ( beat ) do not you have a plan ? clive suddenly turn on he brother . clive we would not be in this mess if you would be pay enough attention to observe a fuck gender change ! dexter ( incredulous ) where be you , maestro ? I be play catch up with of all the work you be not do . temper be really rise . elsa suddenly speak up in a barely audible voice . elsa I know a place . 72 73 69 . clive what ? elsa look up , dredge the word from a place of dread . elsa ( numb ) I know a place we can take she . int . loading dock -- night clive and elsa stand on the platform of the load dock as dexter slowly back a van towards they , lean out the driver - side window . we can see from beyond the garage door that it 's late night outside . elsa hold a protective arm around dren . clive steady the roll cart , load with equipment and supplies , at the edge of the platform , clive all this year , you have own this farm . and you never mention it ? elsa look troubled and remote . elsa you know I grow up on a farm . clive I do not know you still have it ! elsa it 's not my farm . it be hers . clive but she 's dead . elsa so 's the farm . int. / ext van -- traveling -- night clive and elsa drive past the city limit . in the back , see between they bucket seat , be dren , peer out nervously from under a blanket . elsa I swore I would never go back . clive glance over at elsa , slowly put the piece together . clive so .. it be not all norman rockwell ? 74 70 . elsa my mother have ... problem . after my father die , I become she everything . clive sound like a lot of mother . elsa one time I make she a birthday card . I forget to write , " I love you . " for that , she lock I in my room for a week . without food or water . clive glance over , horrify , see elsa in a new light . her quirk suddenly take on new significance . clive ( sympathetic ) I can not believe you never tell I this before . elsa I just want to forget about it . dren press herself against the side of elsa 's car seat . elsa rub dren 's hand where it grip the upholstery . elsa ( cont 'd ) when I finally leave , she refuse to touch my room . she say I would come back one day . ( beat ) I guess she be right . ext . abandoned farm -- night a clapboard farmhouse rest some twenty yard from stable and a quonset hut of corrugate iron -- a pasteurization barn . they be isolate and ominous against the night sky . the van back up to the barn casting it in the amber glow of tail light . clive get out and unlock a large slide door . its mouth gape open , the interior too dark to see inside . elsa come around to the rear of the van and open the back . dren cower within . elsa hold out she arm but dren scuttle deeper inside . elsa it 's okay , honey . nothing to be afraid of . elsa climb into the van and take dren by the hand . 75 71 . elsa ( cont 'd ) come on . this be you new home . elsa be able to lead dren by the wrist despite she frighten resistance . she drop to the ground and pull dren out , hand under she armpit . dren 's eye widen with surprise at the moist cushy sensation of grass and earth . clive and elsa each take a firm grip on dren 's arm and walk she towards the barn . dren 's behavior begin to change . her eye squint to pluck a million sight from the moonlit night : tree , grass , star . she arch she back so that she nostril can sort through a dazzle array of smell . her ear tune into exotic sound . curiosity and excitement rapidly eclipse she fear . suddenly , dren wrench herself from clive and elsa 's clutches . spin out of they grip , she take off into the night . elsa ( cont 'd ) dren ! within moment , she have disappear across the field and into the abutte forest . clive and elsa just stare after she , shocked at the force of she escape . ext . forest -- night cries of " dren " fill the night air as clive and elsa wade through undergrowth and thick brush with flashlight . clive this be the disaster everyone warn about . a new species set loose in the world . elsa do not panic . she will not leave we . clive she just do ! elsa she will not go far . we will find she . they hear a rustling up ahead . elsa gesture for clive to hush as she push through to a small clear . and there be dren , clearly recognizable from behind , light by hazy moonlight . her hunch body be shudder , perhaps cry . elsa aim the flashlight at she . 76 72 . elsa ( cont 'd ) dren ! dren , honey ? dren spin she whole body around . she have not be cry -- she 's be eat . the carcass of a dead raccoon be tear open in she hand . her mouth and chin be cover in blood . elsa gasp . dren 's eye be alight , she crimson mouth crooked into a satisfied grin . a '' look - what - I - find " childish innocence . elsa ( cont 'd ) oh ... dren. int . pasteurization barn -- night elsa lock the door from the inside and loop the key chain over she head like a necklace . she turn to dren , who be hyper , panting and flitting she attention around she new surroundings . elsa dren ... listen to I . you must never , never run off like that again ! dren lock eye with elsa , she panting suddenly stop . elsa ( cont 'd ) that be bad . you understand ? bad dren ! dren react to elsa 's harsh tone . her brow furrow , lip curl into a hurt expression . elsa notice clive watch she , a little surprised at she severity . elsa draw dren close to she , hold she tight . elsa ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , honey . I be not mad at you . I be just worried . clive ( try to lighten the mood ) well , it be not the Taj Mahal , but this place be go to clean up great . clive climb up a small step ladder and pull out a garden hose from a large stainless steel tank fill with water . the tank , formerly for pasteurize milk , be a perfect vessel for dren 's water time . in fact , the sterile requirement of milk processing be surprisingly close to that of a laboratory . clive ( cont 'd ) you like it , dren ? 77 78 79 73. dren seem less enthusiastic . elsa wet a cloth with the hose and gently wash the dry raccoon blood off from she mouth . but dren resist . elsa honey , please . dren tear away from elsa . elsa ( cont 'd ) dren ! she skitter across the floor and up clive 's step ladder , almost knock he down . she propel herself , bloody hospital gown and all , into the half - fill tank of water . she curl up in a submerge sulk . the little hair she have float like sea-grass . clive step down from the ladder and pull elsa close . elsa ( cont 'd ) why be she act like this ? clive she 's just upset . everything 's new . give she time . she will be fine . ext . barn -- night clive and elsa tip - toe away from dren , sleep soundly under a blanket on a inflate mattress . they carefully shut the door , lock dren inside the barn . ext . farmhouse -- night it have the dark , forebode quality of any building that have not be enter in year . they reach the front porch . holding a flashlight with one hand , clive unlock the door with the other . elsa brace herself . clive you okay ? elsa buck up and step forward . elsa yeah . of course . it 's just a house . she shove open the door with a loud creak - like a mother 's scream . int . farmhouse -- night clive snap on the light , though many light bulb be dead . the place be cobwebbed and dusty , but otherwise surprisingly tidy and spare . 80 81 82 83 74 . there 's a potbelly stove in the middle of the common room , a open kitchen and a series of bedroom door along the back . int . farmhouse -- elsa's childhood bedroom -- night the door to elsa 's old bedroom swing open . clive peer in at a room devoid of any furnishings or decor . a single twin mattress sit alone in the middle of the floor . elsa hide a shudder . clive I think you say you mother keep you room exactly like it be . elsa 's mouth tighten as she turn away . elsa she do . ext . farmhouse -- night a view of the farm see from a distance : van , barn , farmhouse . the single light in the house turn off . int . security entrance , lab -- morning clive approach the security entrance . dreadlocked - yuji have be replace by a anonymous , spit-polish security guard . int . lab -- morning clive enter the remodel lab , walk down a long line of identical , evenly space work cubicle . as he pass , the face of he co- worker stare out mournfully from they box . like prisoner of war , observe they conquer leader in chain . with a sigh , clive settles into he own cubical . just another employee . the first thing he see be barlow 's head , over the partition . barlow where 's elsa ? clive not feel well . barlow she 's not in ? clive she 's sick . barlow 's lip tighten . 84 85 75 . barlow you have get to be fuck kid I ! clive people get sick . it happen . barlow you know , a lot of people would just suck it in . rise to the occasion . ( beat ) you guy be not some special case . not any more . barlow storm off . clive be leave to stare at the carpet- like containment of he workstation . ext . abandoned dairy farm - graveyard -- day a small family graveyard behind the farmhouse . elsa stand over a headstone engrave with : hendrika kast 1948 - 1996 . we can read nothing in she face . not hate nor love , remorse nor resentment . she just stare at the grave , as if to verify beyond any doubt that the woman remain dead . int . pasteurization barn -- day the interior have be enhance with furniture from the farmhouse as well as some makeshift lab equipment . Left alone , dren roam the perimeter clutching she barbie . her head cock towards the rafter , let out a oddly beautiful , but mournful song . dren stop by a vanity mirror set up at a small table . she stroke the doll 's hair . run a finger along its neck and pull off the dress . she compare it to she own reflection . her thin , patchy hair . the strange protrusion along she back and arm . the alien-look leg and undevelop chest . the deep vertical seam down she face and body . the contrast to barbie enrage she . she smashes the doll into the mirror . shard tinkle away . dren line up the barbie so that its face and body be bisect by a long vertical crack . barbie still look impossibly beautiful . dren throw the doll across the room . then kick a chair into the base of the water tank . a mewing SOUND from behind the tank . curious , dren creep around and discover a mottle , small cat have somehow manage to sneak into the barn . it meow at she , look lose , hungry and afraid . 86 87 76 . dren cock she head , then with frightening speed snatch it up . we be instantly remind of the raccoon 's fate . but dren do not attack . instead she stroke the animal with one hand , fascinate by the texture of its fur . dren carry it with she to a workbench at the furthest corner of the barn . she pull aside a plastic sheet and hide herself and the cat in the vacant storage space beneath . inside dren' space she curl up , petting the cat with a kind of tender gratitude . something uglier than she . ext . farm -- night two vehicle pull up in front of the farmhouse . clive slide down from the driver 's side of the van . elsa issue from they vintage hotrod . together they unload box of equipment and supplies from the back of the van . int . barn -- evening elsa , clive and dren sit at a small fold table . elsa have trouble get dren to eat . impatiently , she push a bowl of green muck towards dren . dren shove it back . elsa honey , please . not today . eat you dinner . elsa scoops a spoonful of gruel to dren 's mouth , but she turn she head . clive look up from some note . clive she do not like it . maybe she would prefer meat . elsa ( snap ) she do not eat meat . clive be raccoon consider a vegetable ? elsa that be just ... a accident . ( to dren ) C 'mon honey . eat you food , you know you be hungry . dren refuse . 77 . elsa ( cont 'd ) what be it ? what 's the matter ? dren snatch the bag of scrabble tile from the bench beside she . she frantically sift through the letter , toss the one she need onto the table randomly : a T , then a D , and a I . have identify the letter she want , dren quickly arrange they into a word . t-e-d-i-o-u-s . elsa ( cont 'd ) tedious ! ( to clive ) she spell tedious ! clive ( skeptical ) where would she get a word like that ? elsa she 's tell we she 's bored . ( to dren ) why be you bored , honey ? do you want to play a game or something ? frustrate , without bother to seek out more tile , she rearrange the letter to spell a new word : o-u-t-s-i-d-e . elsa stare down at the anagram with amazement . elsa ( cont 'd ) oh , dren. ( sadly apologetic ) no , I know . but you can not go outside . I be sorry . you just can not . in a sudden fit of anger , dren shove herself backwards , knock over the table , food , letter , everything . elsa ( cont 'd ) dren . come back here ! dren tear across the room . elsa ( cont 'd ) come back here , right now ! elsa rush over , grab dren by the neck and arm . elsa ( cont 'd ) I say come here ! physically , dren be now elsa 's equal , but the hybrid succumb as elsa pull she back to the table . clive rights the furniture and elsa shove dren back into she chair . 88 89 78. clive elsa , cool it . elsa spin on he . elsa you see what she do ! clive take elsa by the shoulder , try to calm she down . clive all right . it 's over . elsa be suddenly wrack with guilt and hurt . elsa I just ... she 's get so hard to control . clive but she 's okay now . clive glance over elsa 's shoulder and find that dren have , in fact , leave she seat . he hear a noise overhead . he and elsa look up and be startle to see dren clamoring up a network of pipe lead to the ceiling . elsa dren. stop that ! dren swing along pipe and support beam and deliberately kick out pane of glass from the skylight . smash ! shard rain down . clive and elsa stumble back to avoid they . dren catapult herself through the skylight and disappear onto the roof . clive shit ! they run for the door . ext . pasteurization barn -- evening clive scramble up a slender ladder along the back of the arched building . elsa follow , a few rung behind . ext . pasteurization barn - roof -- evening the roof have a narrow path along the center of its arch . one wrong step and it 's a slippery slide down to a thirty - foot drop . clive and elsa climb breathlessly up to see dren at the far side of the skylight , back arched , eye wide , once again bedazzle by the breadth of open space . 79 . elsa and clive slowly shuffle across the roof towards she . elsa dren. sweetie . come inside , okay ? dren snap she attention to the approach couple . she take a corresponding number of backward step . elsa ( cont 'd ) be careful , honey . we just want you to stay with we . where you be safe . they ease past the break window of the skylight . dren continue to back away , determine not to be contain . clive c'mon dren . we be not angry . dren be get dangerously close to the far end of the roof . elsa look terrify . elsa dren ! come here this instant ! her raise voice startles dren back another step . her foot pivot on the edge of the roof . her torso swing back and forth , desperate to regain she balance . elsa ( cont 'd ) no ! dren overcompensate and be about to fall backwards when ... a_cascade of feather burst through the skin under she arm . magnificent wing with shimmer translucent plumage . the wing instinctively flap , lift she body just enough to regain she balance . she release a triumphant shriek and let the wing relax and settle at she side . shred of dry , leathery skin flake away in the breeze . with the emergence of the wing , the lumpen , misshapen mass of she back have transformed itself . her body be now lean , streamline , elegant and complete . clive and elsa observe she speechlessly . they ugly duckling have become a swan . dren unfurl she wing proudly , turn to face the forest with its world of sensation and mystery . she crouch as though prepare to launch into flight . clive dren , stop ! dren pause , look back over she shoulder . 90 80 . clive ( cont 'd ) please do not . dren keep she eye train on clive . something in he plead tone be have a effect . he take a few cautious step forward . elsa watch , too frighten to interfere . clive ( cont 'd ) dren . do not go . we need you . ( gaug she reaction ) we ... love you , dren . clive hold out he hand . dren feel the pull of freedom . but the pull of clive be stronger . her wing abruptly retract . she plunge forward , into he arm . all at once , she be shaking and scared . a terrify child . clive hold she tight , stroking she back . elsa allow herself to breathe , relieved . and just a tad jealous . int . pasteurization barn -- night the skylight have be board shut . the last bit of natural light be cut off . two sizable steak be drop onto a electric grill . they explode with a loud sizzle . clive be cooking . elsa be examine the latest miracle of dren 's physiology . clive ( to dren ) smell pretty good , huh ? dren watch hungrily from she chair . elsa you should not be reward she for escape . clive I be reward she for come back . ( to dren ) good girl . dren seem to preen at he encourage tone . clive can not resist a quick glance down she newly feminize body , the slender trace of a hour-glass figure . clive ( cont 'd ) you be not a little girl anymore . be you ? ( to elsa ) do you think she will ever fly ? elsa do not be ridiculous , she would need chest muscle like a quarterback . ( more ) 91 81 . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the wing ) I think they be more ... decorative than anything else . elsa regards dren wistfully . like she 's lose she baby girl to this new species of young woman . int . farmhouse , kitchen -- morning next morning . elsa type note into she laptop . while eat cereal , clive study one of dren 's new feather , utterly fascinate . he rub the feather in one direction against the cereal box . its translucent hair- like thread gently give way . clive it 's incredibly delicate . elsa stop type and take the feather and run it the other way , slice through the box like a razor . elsa and dangerous . ( beat ) you have to stop contradict I in front of dren . clive what ? elsa if I say one thing , you can not always be say , " no , it 's okay " , or " she do not like that " . clive I do not do that . do I do that ? elsa just do not make I the bitch , okay . ( back to she work ) I be not the bad guy . clive alright . I be sorry . clive get up , dump he bowl into the kitchen sink . clive ( cont 'd ) we should get go . elsa do not move . elsa go ahead . 92 93 82. clive elsa , we talk about this . you have to show you face . we have to keep up appearance . elsa I be not waste my time on barlow 's lose cause . ( beat ) I be stay here with dren . clive scoops up he duffel bag and head for the door . clive great . I guess that just leave I to handle the real world . he slam the door , piss . ext . farmhouse -- day clive march to he car , slow as he pass the barn . from inside he can hear dren 's beautiful birdsong . clive press close to the wall of the barn , peer through the crack in the clapboard exterior . clive's Pov : barely visible through the slat , dren sit perch elegantly on a overhange beam . she look like a statue , the only thing betray life be the exquisitely alien tone that tumble from she pucker lip . clive can not bring himself to take he eye off she until , unexpectedly and with shocking speed , she stare right back at he . instinctively , he press himself flat against the wall . like he 's be catch do something terribly wrong . he hustle over to he car and tear down the dusty drive . int . birthing chamber -- day dexter work with glum fortitude at he work station . clive be seat next to he . in he hand be dren 's feather . dexter will not even look at it . clive it 's incredible , dex . the way she 's change . she ... she 's like this impossible symphony of biological process that just keep -- dexter ( interrupt ) stop it . will you listen to yourself ? ( more ) 83 . dexter ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) she 's a mistake . a mistake we be all go to regret . for a very long time . clive she 's a live be . dexter who be never mean to exist . we could lose everything . everything . clive you do not know that . maybe this be what we be suppose to be do . maybe it 's a natural part of evolution . do you ever think of that ? dexter give he brother a hard , long look . dexter you know , you can still get out of this . it 's not too late . clive what be you talk about ? dexter turn she in . clive be you fuck nut ? dexter if you come clean ... they might cut you some slack . you make a mistake . you get catch up in elsa 's craziness . I know she coerce you into it . clive whoa , whoa . wait a second . that 's not true . and even if it be , why would anyone believe it ? dexter because that 's what I would tell they . clive stare at he brother in stunne disbelief . then ... clive you be jealous . you be jealous because we have do something unbelievable ! 94 84 . dexter shh. Jesus ... lower you voice ... clive ... because one of we get to be a genius . and it be not you ! dexter just blink , speechless in the face of clive 's bizarre emotional assault . dexter ( hushed ) I be just try to help you . clive ( between he tooth ) dexter . I have not need you help since we be twelve . clive storm from the room . head turn . barlow note he exit . int . pasteurization barn -- day elsa enter the barn and gently approach dren , hold up a hair - brush as though it be a new toy . dren look at it , curious , but remain distant and cool . elsa guess what we be go to do ? elsa gently brushes dren 's hair which have recently grow quite long and full . dren , watch herself in the crack mirror , fascinate , but reluctant to exhibit pleasure . elsa ( cont 'd ) see how pretty you have become ? look how long it be now . ( beat ) you be go to have to learn how to be a grownup . elsa put down the brush and open the small drawer in the table to retrieve a elastic band . she notice several mottle sheet of paper under a stack of blank sheet , as though deliberately stashed away . elsa ( cont 'd ) what be this ? dren go rigid . elsa pull out a series of slightly crumpled drawing make with color pencil . they be crude , rudimentary attempt at a face , but as she flip through they , they exhibit a clear progression of ability . 85 . elsa ( cont 'd ) do you do this ? this be wonderful ! as she get towards the bottom of the stack and the sketches become increasingly complex , it be obvious that all of they be of clive . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( hide disappointment ) they be really good , dren . be there any of I ? dren remain freeze , she eye lock on she own reflection . if she odd hybrid feature could express embarrassment , this might be it . elsa 's hand scramble into the drawer , pull out some fresh paper and a handful of color pencil . elsa ( cont 'd ) show I ? show I how you draw . elsa tilt one of the mirror so that dren can get a good look at she face . elsa ( cont 'd ) will you do one of I ? ( beat ) please ? dren unfreeze and abruptly grab up all the picture of clive . she bolt with they to she hide place . elsa sigh , then stride sternly across the room . elsa ( cont 'd ) it 's just the two of we , young lady . you be go to have to learn who 's boss . elsa pull aside the plastic sheet and discover dren crouch inside , cradling the cat in she arm , stroking it obsessively . elsa ( cont 'd ) dren . what 's that ? where do you get that ? dren shimmy deeper into she hide spot . elsa ( cont 'd ) give it to I . elsa 's hand snatch out and grab the cat by the scruff of the neck , yanking it away . dren yelp . 95 96 97 98 99 86 . elsa ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , dren . we can not keep it . ( beat ) we can not take a chance . it could make you sick . dren be horrify . she reach out for she beloved cat , but elsa coldly stand up and step back , suddenly the stern matron . elsa ( cont 'd ) you can not always have what you want . that 's a part of grow up too . elsa head for the door . dren 's knee curl up under she arm . her eye squint with rage . int . farmhouse - common room -- day elsa enter the farmhouse with the cat , place it on the floor . it meow needily . she go to the fridge , pour some milk into a saucer and lay it next to the cat , who hungrily lap it up . elsa see a portrait of she mother on the wall . her face stern and joyless , the trademark swatch of white hair trail down she leave cheek . something like regret play across elsa 's face . ext . farm -- evening clive 's car pull up the drive . int . farmhouse -- evening clive come into the darken farmhouse . clive El ? no sign of she . he explore deeper into the house . int . farmhouse - elsa's old bedroom -- evening the door open a crack . clive poke he head inside . elsa be fast asleep , curl up child - like on the tiny mattress . clive gently pull a blanket over she , then quietly leave the room , shutting the door behind he . int . pasteurization barn -- night clive enter the barn . he hear a rustle and see dren curl by she private space . 87 . clive walk over and kneel next to she . dren stare at the floor , she jaw be set and angry . clive what 's the matter girl ? dren melt into sorrow the way a child respond to pity . she launch herself into clive 's sympathetic arm , shudder . clive ( cont 'd ) bad day ? clive pull she gently to she foot . clive ( cont 'd ) let 's lighten thing up around here . clive move to another part of the room , slide a CD into a boom - box on the counter . it 's the rendition of " under my skin " that dren like . the music perk she up . she sway in time with it , chortling and whistling . clive do a comical two -step that bring a hint of a smile to dren 's face . emulate he , she sway from foot to foot in time with the music . clive ( cont 'd ) atta-girl . I know we get the dance gene in there . clive come up to she , position dren 's arm on he shoulder , put one hand above she hip , the other gently on she back . he lead she in a clumsy rock slow dance , slightly ridiculous at first -- like the ill-match couple in a elementary school gymnasium . clive ( cont 'd ) follow my lead . they slowly find a measure of synch , despite they differ anatomy . clive 's lead set a elegant rhythm . clive ( cont 'd ) I will show you how the pro do it . clive throw a couple of variation into the foot work . dren , now in the groove , follow perfectly . they become graceful and lightfoote . clive ( cont 'd ) my first girlfriend make I take dance lesson . ( beat ) do not tell elsa . 100 88. as though trigger by the hint of conspiracy , dren tighten she grip on clive , draw he in close . the move be subtle , adjust she balance , but they now dance body - to-body . dren 's eye close , she head roll back , get lose in the music and the intimacy . despite himself , clive be become arouse . he note the sensuous length of she neck , the arch of she back , she hair ... he freeze . drop he arm . dren 's eye open , bewilder . wonder what she 's do wrong . clive gently brushes back dren 's hair where he find a single SHOCK of white . clive ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) elsa ... dren be annoyed that elsa 's name should interrupt the dance . clive step back from she , shake . clive ( cont 'd ) okay . that 's enough . ( beat ) that 's enough dance . dren. clive walk over to the boom box and smack the stop button , then stride off towards the door . clive ( cont 'd ) good night . he make a hasty exit , leave dren slump in the middle of the barn like a jilted date . int . farmhouse - common room -- morning elsa emerge from she childhood bedroom , rub she eye . clive be already dress for work , sip coffee at the table , look angry . elsa I think I be take a quick nap . I must have ... I sleep like a rock . clive it 's you DNA . elsa what ? clive in dren . elsa do not have a response , there 's no deny it . 101 89 . clive ( cont 'd ) you put yourself into the experiment . ( furious , grasp for the right word ) how could ... what be you ...? I mean , be this ever about the science ? elsa of course it be . it still be . clive if you really believe that then you be even more fuck up than I think . elsa what 's that suppose to mean ? clive I be sick of it . I be tired of be you crutch . I be tired of you secret ... and you lie . elsa I do not lie . I do not say who 's DNA , do I ? clive yeah , you be very careful . what be it ? '' healthy female . clean heredity " ? elsa exactly . why not I ? clive bolt out of he chair , head for the door . clive maybe you should take another glance at you family history . clive make a slamm exit , leave elsa alone with he parting jab . int . farmhouse - common room -- day elsa sit depressed at the table , she face tight with frustration and anger . she feel like complete wreckage . dren be mad at she . clive 's mad at she . she have not be to work . everything 's fall apart . something brushes past she leg and she look down . it 's the cat , rub affectionately against she . elsa 's face suddenly soften . she pick put the cat and stroke it , relieved that someone , anyone , be not hat she . 102 90 . int . pasteurization barn -- day elsa enter the barn , lock the door behind she with the key she wear around she neck . she carry a cardboard box under one arm . elsa dren , c'mere honey . I have something for you . dren emerge from she private hide space , cautious but curious . elsa sit cross -legge on the floor , patting a spot in front of she for dren to sit . dren sullenly comply . elsa ( cont 'd ) can not you smile for I ? dren lift she head , expressionless eye on elsa , eager to demonstrate that she do not merit a smile . elsa ( cont 'd ) you know I love you , do not you ? elsa give she a warm , loving smile . dren maintain she cold stare , not give a inch . elsa give she word extra emphasis , determine that dren understand : elsa ( cont 'd ) you be a part of I . and I 'ma part of you ... I be inside you . ( beat ) I will always be here for you . always . elsa open the box and present the cat . dren 's face grow instantly alert . she glance at elsa slightly mistrust . elsa ( cont 'd ) there you go . you can keep she . why not ? it 's nice to have a pet . elsa gently place the cat on the floor . it approach dren , rub against she leg . dren cock she head . her tail suddenly lash out -- its deadly stinger jabbing the cat in the skull . it drop dead instantly . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( horrify ) my God ! oh , my God ? dren !!! dren finally give she the smile she want . elsa lash out , slapping she hard across the face . elsa bring both hand up to she own mouth , shocked at what dren have provoke . 103 91 . in the same instant , dren lunge forward , pounce on she , knock she down . a claw foot grab the key from around elsa 's neck and rip it off . the spike tail hover close to she face . there 's a moment between they where it seem that dren might actually sting she . elsa 's eye register real fear . the power balance have tip . then dren push elsa backwards , send she sprawling across the floor and make a break for the front door . she awkwardly work the key into the lock . click . it open . with a squawk , dren pull off the lock and open the door . inviting sunlight wash over she as ... whap ! something have strike the back of dren 's head . she drop . elsa stand , panting over she , a rusted milk can in she hand . int . barn -- later dren wake to find she arm , leg and tail secure to a examination table . elsa stand over she , a scalpel in hand , she face utterly devoid of emotion . she speak in a detach , clinical manner into a tape recorder . elsa ( into tape recorder ) physically h - 50 have evolve well . however , recent violent behavior suggest dangerous psychological development . she bring the knife up to dren 's scalp . dren cry out , fight against she restraint . for a moment , we might think that elsa be about to perform brain surgery . elsa ( cont 'd ) erratic behavior may be cause by a disproportionate species identification . cosmetically " human " affectation should be eliminate wherever possible . elsa click off the recorder and take a handful of dren 's hair . she painfully hack it off with the scalpel . in this way , elsa shear dren 's beautiful mane until she be leave with a patchy shorn mess . dren mews in anguish at this humiliation . then , with grow terror , dren watch as elsa move to the opposite end of the table , where a small tray of surgical instrument wait . elsa click the recorder back on . 104 105 92 . elsa ( cont 'd ) due to she unstable condition , it have become necessary to remove she zootoxin gland and stinger . elsa snap off the recorder , set it down by the tray . she hazard a glance at dren . her creation watch she , wide - eye with terror . elsa brake the gaze , pull up a surgical mask and jab a hypodermic needle into dren 's tail . with frigid disregard , she select a slender bone - see from the tray and begin she work . dren let out a savagely shrill scream . ext . abandoned dairy farm -- evening clive drive up to the barn . he think he hear a high - pitched scream under the SOUND of the radio . he snap off the music , but there 's nothing . int . pasteurization barn -- evening clive let himself in and be confront with the horrific aftermath of a improvise surgery . dren be strapped semi - conscious to the table . elsa be bandage the stump of she tail . Long lock of hair litter the floor near a puddle of congeal blood . dren crane she neck and cry out to clive , she finger flex and claw under the strap . clive what the fuck be you do ?! elsa what I have to . clive see a eight - inch segment of tail lay in the sink . clive Jesus Christ ! elsa ! clive rush to the table to unstrap dren , but elsa grab he wrist . elsa she 's become unstable . she kill a cat . she almost kill I . clive and so you ... cut off she hair ? elsa do not respond . she simply take the chunk of dren 's tail in she rubber - glove hand and place it carefully ina small picnic cooler fill with ice cube . 106 93. elsa be you any closer to find the protein ? clive what do that have to do with anything ? elsa you have not because you be work with tissue that 's be dead too long . clive catch she meaning . clive we do not know that she have it . elsa of course she do . she have everything Ginger and Fred have . and more . elsa move for the door . clive where be you go ? elsa I be go to solve this thing ! I be go to put thing right . she make she exit . within moment , clive can hear the engine of they car start . he rush over to dren , unty she . clive dren ? dren look to he with wounded , frighten eye , as if he be a accomplice in she torture . she weakly retreat to the corner . clive take in the shamble of this private hell , the deteriorate condition of the barn . at he foot be the carcass of the dead cat . ext . family plot -- twilight clive shovel dirt out of a hole about the size of a large shoe box . a few foot away be the tombstone of elsa 's mother . he gently lower a small package wrap in paper towel into the hole . a breeze blow aside the paper and we see that it 's the cat . 107 108 109 94 , int . MAIN lab -- night Dark and empty but for a light on at a single work station . elsa be work hard through the night . the cooler be at she foot . a pot of coffee smolder near the microscope . there 's a desperate urgency to she work , but a unstoppable determination in she eye . she 's go to do it . int . farmhouse - master bedroom -- night clive be agitate , pace the floor of the bedroom with a tumbler of ice- cube in one hand . he fumble on the dresser with a bottle of scotch . he pour himself a healthy hit of liquor , toss it down he throat . his laptop be open . on-screen be a webcam feed from the barn : several camera train on various angle encompass the room . no sign of dren . all at once , she face pop up . clive catch this . come close . then as if sense he presence , she abruptly disappear . he flip through several window , pick she up again from another angle : she climb the step ladder , remove she hospital gown and slide into she water tank . he call up a underwater camera . dren sensuously roll she naked body against the wall of the pool , the water act like a heal salve for she damage tail . he can not get over how lithe and womanly she have become . instinctively , he reach out and run he finger along she image . as he do this , dren 's own hand reach out , and impossibly , brushes past the camera , mirrore he gesture . clive jump back , jolted from he trance . he slam the laptop shut . he grab the bottle of scotch and slide to the floor , pour a large gulp down he throat . int . MAIN lab -- morning elsa gather she thing into she knapsack , in higher spirit than we have see in a while . as she move to the door , it swing open . she let out a startle gasp . it 's barlow . elsa Bill , you be early . barlow let I get this straight . ( more ) 110 111 95 . barlow ( cont 'd ) you stay home because you be sick . but now I find you sneaking around when no one 's here ? elsa make up for lose time . barlow it 's too late for that . they will not extend the deadline . it 's over . you have screw we all . ( beat ) while you be here , you might as well clear out clive 's desk . elsa I do not think so . barlow explode . barlow no one care about what you think anymore ! you be a embarrassment to this company . it 's go to take year to -- elsa the protein 's be synthesize . barlow be render speechless . she push past he and head for the door . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( on the way out ) it 's in the fridge . when some real scientist get here , have they take a look . int . farmhouse - master bedroom -- morning a beam of sunlight smack clive across the eye . he haul himself upright with a pain groan . Whisky and guilt be twin sword slice he brain . clive elsa ? EL ?! int . farmhouse -- moment later clive trudge though the common room , still a little drunk and clearly in pain . clive elsa ! he shuffles out the front door . 112 96 . int . pasteurization barn -- moment later clive find the barn empty . elsa be not there , nor be dren . clive elsa ?! dren ?! he zeroe - in on dren 's special hide place , but she 's not there . he bound up the step ladder only to find the murky water dren-less . he 's beginning to panic , rush around the tank . as he turn , wham , dren be on he . she 's plant he with a full - on , open-mouthed kiss . clive pull himself out of it , perhaps a little reluctantly . clive ( cont 'd ) dren , you can not ... what be you do ? dren stare at he hungrily . her parte lip have a fullness he would never notice . her eye shine with unabash , pure lust . the knowledge that some part of she be elsa somehow heighten the moment . when she mouth find its way back to he , he plunge in with abandon . her hospital gown fall off one shoulder . dren wrap she leg around clive 's torso , drive she breast up to he face , she wing unfurl , flap excitedly . clive press she up against the water tank . they writhe to the floor , gown riding up over she waist . clive quickly fumble open he pants , tear open he shirt . his mouth be all over she marble - white torso . dren 's tail ride up between he leg , explore . she arch she back , allow entry . clive 's body surrender to the moment . in the grow excitement , the bandage on dren 's tail begin to tear off . the stump have already heal over -- and the severe stinger have grow back , protrude from the new sheath of skin and drip with fresh venom ! it curl around clive , a hair 's breadth from he naked skin . but clive be oblivious , building to climax . a startled gasp pull he out of it . clive and dren freeze as one . clive quickly turn and see ... elsa , paralyze near the door . her mouth hang open in a expression of shocked repulsion . clive scuttle off dren , clumsily reassembling he pants . 113 114 115 97 . elsa ( hysterical ) get away ! stay away from I ! clive elsa ... I be sorry ... I do not ... clive stand midway between elsa and dren . his lip mumble , look for the right word . they do not exist . he turn from elsa 's disbely grimace to dren 's horrify face as she sit there half - naked , abandon in mid-coitus . they look be identical . mother and daughter . the resemblance hammer clive 's brain . elsa finally unfreeze . she back toward the door , get a hand on the doorknob and tear out of there . clive take off after she , clutching he open shirt , slamm the door behind he . dren be leave on the floor by the tank , she face still wear elsa 's horror . ext . dairy farm -- morning elsa be already in she car , back around to make a forward exit . clive pound on the driver 's - side window . clive elsa , do not go . talk to I . clive watch helplessly as elsa burn away with screeching tire . he grip he hair . look to the pasteurization barn , then at the dusty trail of the recede vehicle . clive ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) fuck . clive quickly lock the barn , then clamor into the van and drive off after she . int . clive and elsa's apartment -- evening clive enter the apartment . see a stack of mail have collect on the floor . there 's a light on in the kitchen . int . clive and elsa's apartment -- kitchen -- evening clive find elsa at the kitchen table stare into space . he approach , sheepish , not sure what to expect . clive el. 98 . elsa ( low ) do not . clive I guess " I be sorry " be not worth much . elsa explode . elsa " I 'm sorry ? " I be sorry mean nothing ! it do not take anything away ! clive it just happen . I barely know ... elsa I do not even know who you be anymore ! you have become something sick ! ( beat ) forget about what it mean to I ! there be some thing you just do not do ! clive let she rage wash over he . but something she say catch in he mind . it take a moment for word to emerge . finally : clive ( quietly ) we change the rule . elsa you be not talk you way out of this ! clive we cross a line . after that ... thing get confuse ... elsa confused about what ? clive right and wrong . elsa I do not think you be in a position to talk to I about right and wrong . now clive be find he anger . clive oh ... and you be ? why do you want to make she in the first place ? for the betterment of mankind ? ( more ) 99 . clive ( cont 'd ) ( no response ) you do not want a normal child because you be afraid of lose control . but a experiment ... that 's something else . elsa I love she . clive so , do I . but we fuck up , el. Jesus Christ . we chain she up . lock she away from the world . saw off she fuck tail . elsa hold she head in she hand . regret be beginning eclipse rage . elsa I cut off she tail . ( beat ) it seem like a good idea at the time . clive fuck . everything seem like a good idea . clive glance around the apartment , take in they old life . they wide - screen tv , surround - sound stereo , game , gadget , luxury . they wall of book and toy . clive ( cont 'd ) I just wish thing could go back to the way they be . elsa raise she head , wiping tear from she eye . she 's buck up . she 's get she head straight . elsa I synthesize the protein . clive ( stunne ) what ? elsa the cd-356 level in she blood 's ten time higher than what Ginger and Fred ever have . she 's boil over with it . clive then ... we could save thing . put we life back together . 116 117 100 . elsa we could start to . except for ... clive except . for. her. clive just stare at elsa . a unspoken understanding . elsa whisper : elsa we can not do that . clive 's silence say everything . elsa ( cont 'd ) we can not ... we have a responsibility . clive the experiment be over . we responsibility be to end it . elsa begin to concede to he chill logic . elsa .. how ? clive the most humane way possible . ext . abandoned farm -- day clive and elsa have return . they slam the door to the van and head towards the barn without a word . clive have a large hypodermic needle in he hand , already uncapped . int . pasteurization barn -- day the rattle of the lock . the squeak of the door open . clive and elsa enter the barn and quickly bolt the door behind they . elsa call out , careful not to let even a hint of emotion enter she voice . elsa dren ! come out dren . there be no sign of she . the room be quiet . too quiet . clive go to she hide place . nothing . they scan the rafter . elsa climb up the step ladder to peer into the tank . the water be murky , a slight film on the surface . she brushes the water with she hand . elsa lean in closer ... 101 . dren 's face bob to the surface . elsa jump back , nearly lose she balance , but dren be completely inert . eye stare sightlessly at she . elsa ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly panicked ) clive ! help I ! clive join she by the rim , see elsa struggle under dren 's dead weight , be not sure what to do . elsa ( cont 'd ) come on ! clive drop the needle . together , with difficulty , they manage to hoist dren out of the water and lower she to the floor . she feel dren 's forehead . elsa ( cont 'd ) fever . dren convulse . her head shaking , body buckle . elsa drop to she knee , check dren 's vital sign , put she head to the creature 's chest . elsa ( cont 'd ) faint . barely there . elsa take dren under the arm . clive go around to the foot . together they move dren away from the tank . they gently set dren down on a cot . elsa fill the sink with water . elsa ( cont 'd ) open the door . clive what ? elsa get some fresh air in here . elsa come back to dren , wiping she brow with a cool , damp cloth . clive open the door to the barn . Fresh air and daylight wash over dren , pull she back into consciousness . her eye drift to the open . a gateway to tree , sky , a whole universe that she be never allow to experience . elsa see this , feel the regret of a fail parent . one that could never allow she child to prosper in the world . slowly , dren 's eye grow weary . she drift back into unconsciousness . 118 119 120 121 102 . clive what do we do ? elsa shake she head . no answer . int . barn -- night the light have grow dim . clive be asleep in a old arm chair . the sound of sobbing wake he . he open he eye , see elsa from behind , hunch , cry . dren lie on the cot deathly still . he reach for elsa . then draw he hand back , know he touch can only make thing worse . ext . family plot -- night clive climb out of a freshly dig shallow grave in the family plot , next to where the cat have be bury , elsa 's mother nearby . a single lantern light they farewell . elsa gently drop the barbie doll into the grave . dren 's body be already down there , wrap in elsa 's old blanket . clive do you , uh ... want to say anything ? elsa shake she head . there be no more tear , no more word . just the dreadful weight of remorse . clive shovel earth into the grave . ext . barn -- night a bonfire crackle in a garbage can near the entrance to the barn . clive throw clothes , molt feather , garbage ... any remain evidence of dren into the flame . int . barn -- night the barn be nearly clean out , the vat drain , equipment box and prepped for move . elsa sweep the last of the garbage off the floor . she jam the broom into dren 's old hide place and draw back a pile of papers . she be suddenly stick with emotion . this be drawing that dren have make of elsa . not one , not two , but many sketches . all of they hide away . 122 103 . all of they speak of a secret love that a daughter have for a mother . tear well in elsa 's eye . clive step into the barn with a wheeled dolly . clive almost do ? elsa swallow she emotion , speak without turn to he . elsa almost . clive , nod . feel she anguish . but can say nothing more . he hoist a box onto the cart and wheel it to the door ... stop , set it down as he hear the SOUND of a approaching vehicle . ext . barn -- night clive and elsa come out of the barn as a sedan roar up the drive . the door fly open and dexter step out . his expression be a combination of stern resolve and guilt . dexter I be sorry . I have to . it 's the only way . the passenger - side door open and out step barlow , furious . barlow alright . let 's see it . elsa what the fuck , Bill ? ( beat , then to dexter ) what do you tell he ? dexter glare at she , long bury resentment rise to the surface . dexter I do not have to tell he much . barlow do you think I be stupid ? that sample you give I have human DNA content . ( beat ) they do not come from Ginger and Fred . they come from something else . something that 's still alive . clive and elsa can not deny it . he 's get they dead to rights . 104 . barlow ( cont 'd ) ( seethe ) and to think you do it under my watch . ( beat ) now . let I see this thing . it do not belong to you . clive " it " do not belong to anyone . barlow you make it at a novaphorm lab . it 's company property . and I want to see it . right now ! clive and elsa share a look . barlow ( cont 'd ) where be it ?! they say nothing . barlow ( cont 'd ) Fine . barlow pull out he cell phone , start to dial . barlow ( cont 'd ) I be call in a forensic team . elsa she 's already dead . barlow hang up the phone . dexter react to this news , relieved but perhaps a little sadden also . elsa ( cont 'd ) it 's over , Bill . elsa push past barlow and head towards the van . he trail after elsa . clive follow , numbly . barlow I do not believe you . elsa pick up a shovel off the ground . toss it to barlow . elsa see for yourself . barlow catch the shovel , look at it with distaste . elsa ( cont 'd ) she 's bury behind the house . 105 . barlow and how do I know there 's only one ? clive one be enough . shhhrk ! a violent backwash of air . barlow 's face be freeze in a odd state of consternation until ... ..- he head slide off he neck . and drop on the lawn . the rest of he body crumble after it . elsa scream , stumble backwards . clive react , stunne as ... something land on the ground between they . something big . dren . cover in grave dirt . resurrected . transform . male . the difference in physiology be unmistakable . the eye be now set in the front of the skull , define he as a predator . the arm more develop , hip narrow , pectoral pure rippling muscle . and the wing be massive , one still coat with a streak of barlow blood . the only detail that clearly mark this as the dren that we once know be the blaze shock of white hair on the leave side of he head . male - dren turn to elsa , take a threaten step forward . clive ( cont 'd ) El , run ! but she 's freeze to the spot , transfix by this macabre transformation . dren take another menace step forward . clive leap between they . male - dren instantly attack , effortlessly fling clive into the burn trash can , spilling its content and set the ground alight . dexter lunge to retrieve the shovel . he pick it up and swing . ina blur of movement , male - dren deftly dodge it , and with one sweep of he wing , leap off clive , drag dexter into the darkness . elsa rush over to clive , bloody but not badly injure , and pull he to he foot . they watch helpless as sound of violence fill the air . 123 106 . clive ( cont 'd ) dexter ?! no response . clive ( cont 'd ) dexter ! a deaden calm descend . nothing but the crackling FIRE . flame lap at the barn door . elsa try to pull clive away . elsa come on ... clive shake she off . clive dexter !!! elsa abandon 's he , bolt for the van . int . van -- night elsa jump into the driver 's seat , hand shaking , she pat she pocket , search for the key . clive wrench open the driver 's - side door . clive we can not leave ! elsa where 's the key ? clive I be not leave my brother ! elsa he 's go . clive no , he 's -- wham ! something drop from the sky and land on the windshield : dexter . savagely maul and very dead . elsa cry out . clive stare , mute . from above , the SOUND of powerful flapping wing . elsa swallow she horror , leap out of the van and grab clive . 124 125 107 . elsa come on ! he 's in shock . she half - push , half - drag he in the direction of the farmhouse . int . farmhouse -- night elsa and clive burst inside , freaking out . elsa lock the door behind they . int . farmhouse - kitchen -- night elsa and clive stumble into the kitchen . she wet a rag in the sink and dab he wound . elsa you okay ? clive what ... happen ?! elsa be strike with a realization . elsa Ginger . the same thing that happen to Ginger . crash ! something heavy have land on the roof . scratching , clawing footstep track over they head . elsa draw a butcher knife from the kitchen counter . crash ! Glass shatter in one of the close room . elsa stand freeze , stare at the door to she old bedroom . from beyond the door , she hear a loud roar , and the tinkling of glass . she 's draw to it , despite herself . clive sniff the air . elsa thrust open the door . clive do not ..! whoosh ! flame belch from the room in a explosive backdraft . elsa be propel to the floor . she watch , mesmerize , as a chunk of barn lay burn on the mattress . apparently , male - dren thrust it through the window . the entire room in flame . he 's smoking they out . clive grab elsa , wrenching she from the sight . clive ( cont 'd ) come on ! clive drag elsa to the door . he grab a flashlight from the counter . together , they stumble out into the night . 126 127 128 108 . ext . farmhouse -- night they burst out of the house , clive clutching the flashlight , elsa the butcher knife . she yank on he arm . elsa ( terrify ) clive ... he turn , see ... male - dren perch on the roof , silhouett by flame . they be freeze by the sight . slowly , with frightening grace , male - dren rise , flexe he wing , tower to he full eight - foot-height . his face show no evidence of compassion . Old dren 's capacity for human emotion have be replace by pure animal impulse . he screech a deafening scream , then crouch to pounce . clive and elsa bolt for the forest . ext . forest -- night clive and elsa stumble over rough terrain . branch whip they face and arm . thick bush tear at they leg . above : flapping wing follow by the rustle of branch . flap , rustle . flap , rustle . it 's get closer . it sound like male - dren be fling himself from tree to tree , tracking they from above . and then nothing . silence . they resume they run . ext . bog -- night they stumble into a waist - deep swampy bog . elsa scramble out onto a rocky embankment . clive struggle through the suck mud , get stick . elsa come on . clive I ... can not . cursing , elsa try to pull he up on a rock , but they slip , knock the flashlight into the water . clive watch helplessly as it sink , the beam illuminate its descent . elsa no ! grabbing a stick , she lie on she belly and prod the muddy bottom . 109 . clive let it go . elsa we need it . clive inch ahead of she , lay himself prone on ground . clive I will get it . clive grasp the stick and prod deeper for the flashlight . the stick dance around the light , finally manage to hook around the handle . clive ( cont 'd ) get it . he pull the light up , illuminate the ghostly face of male - dren who swim amphibian - like under the surface . elsa scream , jump back . male - dren grab the stick and yank clive into the water . elsa clive ! elsa can make out the dim figure of clive as he be pull under . Air bubbles to the surface . she watch helplessly as the water churn and the light quickly fade to darkness . and then , all become still . elsa bend over the embankment , try to penetrate the murky liquid . suddenly , clive 's face buoy into view . elsa ( cont 'd ) clive ! she grab he by the shirt , drag he onto the rock . he be still breathe . and then she see ... male - dren rise up , water drain from he raptor form , wing spread above , ready to pounce . elsa be immobilize , not want to leave clive . male - dren stare at she with pierce eye . it 's elsa that he want . he leap forward in a blur of motion . she turn , bolt through a narrow open between dense tree . 129 130 131 110 . ext . forest -- night elsa run blindly . ahead be a outcropping of rock . she squeeze inside . something land on the rock above , debris shower over the open . a hollow cry . elsa stifles she breath , stare helplessly , wait . then more flapping wing ... and quiet . as carefully as she can , elsa worm she way out and take off . ext . field -- night elsa break through the tree-line and tumble into a sea of waist-high wheat . she weave through it , directionless , panicked . again , the sound of flap wing overhead . she throw herself to the ground , lie under the cover of wheat , choke back she breath . silence . she wait . finally , rise , cautiously poke she head above the horizon of amber , she knuckle white around the handle of the butcher knife . behind her , two enormous multicolor wing silently spread outward as the form of male - dren rise into view . elsa whirl around . the wing envelope she , whipping the knife from she hand , fling it into the wheat field . elsa ( screeching ) what do you want ? what do you want !! male - dren 's mouth open , contort , lip struggle as he speak , the word be distort , guttural , distinctly inhuman but unmistakable : male-dren Inside ... you .... ext . swampy bog -- night clive stir , regain consciousness . at the sound of elsa be scream , he launch himself into a run for the edge of the forest . 132 111 . ext . field -- night clive enter the field breathless and in pain . nothing be visible beyond the roll horizon of wheat . he be about to turn back , when he see something stick out of the soil : the butcher knife . he pick it up . then he hear it . strange purring and scraping sound . he push into a small clear of trample wheat in time to see male - dren on top of elsa , she arm pin over she head , he pelvis thrust . clive be freeze by the sight . he overcome he paralysis , he face harden . he raise the knife ... elsa see this , be pull back into awareness , look up , into the face that hang over hers , male - dren stiffening in the grip of sexual ecstasy as he release inside she ... clive lunge forward , drive the knife into the hybrid 's shoulder . male - dren let out a high - pitched shriek . he launch himself up with the force of he wing , spin to face clive . clive swing the knife downward again , cleave into a wing . more scream , but this time male - dren attack . his wing swipe and flutter at clive , blow he backwards with they wind -force . clive land hard . the creature pounce on top of he . in that moment , it would seem that clive be do for . then , a rock bounce off male - dren 's head with a brutal crunch . male - dren stagger back , clearly stunne . he turn to face elsa , a bloody rock in she hand . weeping , elsa hesitates . there 's a moment when she can not quite do it . can not quite murder ... male - dren 's barbed tail flash out and plunge deep into clive 's chest , pierce he heart . clive stiffen , choke , then fall away . instantly dead . male - dren arch to the sky , let out a final victorious scream . he wrench the knife out of he chest with a horrid suck sound . he turn to elsa just in time to catch another blow to the head . male - dren drop backwards , blood gush from the impact point . elsa hoist the rock and hulk over the fell hybrid . 133 112 . male - dren 's face change . the menace animal violence fade away . the eye go soft , almost plead . the mouth tremble , take on recognizably human facet of fear , hurt ... even betrayal . and she let the rock drop , crush he skull into a sickening pulp . male - dren 's body spasm once or twice before rest . elsa fall to she knee , numb and drain . tear roll down she cheek at the sight of clive 's body , and the crumpled mess that be once dren . she let herself cry , a convulse weep , while in the distance the farm burn to the ground . fade out : fade in : int . novaphorm headquarters - joan' office -- day elsa sit at the end of a large desk . her hair be cropped short , the streak of white , once a emblem of she uniqueness , have be dyed to match the rest . we can assume that a fair amount of time have pass since she ordeal . at the other side of the desk be Joan . her usual scolding demeanor be replace by a generous warmth -- anxious to make elsa feel comfortable . joan you dren turn out to be a cauldron of the most unimaginable chemical mystery . aside from the intense concentration of cd-356 in she system , she be riddled with a variety of completely unique compound . ( pleased ) we will be filing patent for year . elsa remain mute , feel a little awkward . joan ( cont 'd ) naturally , we be extremely excited that you be willing to take we to the next stage . ( beat ) especially in light of the ... um ... personal risk . Joan push a sheet of paper across the desk for elsa to examine . joan ( cont 'd ) we think the figure we have come up with be very generous . 113. next , she slide a phonebook - size contract across the desk . joan ( cont 'd ) you can never speak of this . to anyone . ever . elsa thumb through the page . Joan walk around the desk , a pen she hand . she hesitates before hand it to elsa ... joan ( cont 'd ) nobody would blame you if you do not do this . you could just put a end to it and walk away . elsa take the pen from Joan 's hand and sign with a single determine stroke . elsa stand , and we see now that she stomach be protrude noticeably . she be quite pregnant . elsa this be what I want . Joan nod , impressed by elsa 's courage . she pull elsa close , rock she with reassurance , stroking she hair . gradually , elsa 's resistance melt . she give herself to Joan 's motherly embrace . the end .