splitsville written by Abby kohn & Marc silverstein January 10 , 2003 sf fade in : shot on '' video : ext . ucla - day paul , 28 , look perfect in a wear t-shirt , and rob , boyishly handsome and funny - both talk to the camera as they stroll down bruin walk . the guy be clearly familiar with one another , and have a good time . they stop in front of sproul hall . rob here 's where we first meet Toby . paul it be like the second day of college , and we be late for Continental drift and Sea floor spread -- and then we see this hot girl race up the step in front of we , and Rob shoot I this look - rob I do not know Paul be gay yet - paul TI do not know I be gay yet . rob be you gay ? paul ( both charming and earnest ) it 's a little unclear . rob anyway , we follow she into she Dante class - and blow off Sea floor spread - and then I get myself partner with she to do a oral presentation for a class I be not in . and - we have all be friend ever since . paul after she rebuffe you persistent and awkward advance . rob naturally . int . dorm hallway - day catter , 27 , cute with a voice that carry . she taik to the camera , as well . 2/3/03 2. catter Toby live here ~ and I live here - she point to two door directly across one another . catter ( cont ’d ) my roommate be constantly make this foul smell bean soup in a crock pot under she desk ~- so I start spend more time in Toby 's room . and we just become really close . int . pike fraternity house - day , mollie , 28 , pretty and a little conservative , pick she way around beer can , piece of clothing , etc . there be clearly a stench . mollie Toby and I first meet here , 1 have just start dating Rob . I be still on the fence about he because he keep impersonate Christopher walken when he couldnt think of stuff to say - but Toby assure I that he be a good guy . CUT to : a photo . five tan , smile college kid , in a boat , dock on a lake . Paul , Rob , catter , mollie and toby , 21 in the photo - a cute , slim brunette . paul ( v.0 . ) by the time we all go to my folk 's lake house , senior year , we be all pretty close - . rob ( v.0 . ) very close . there be a naked , post - skinny dip version of this photo which have be omit . paul ( v.0 . ) but then - the cheesy , ominous '' duhn , duhn , duhn '' chord - paul { cont ’d ) Toby go to journalism grad school . no 1/9/03 3. still photo of usc campus rob ( v.0 . ) here at usc . the enemy . where she meet wes . also the eremy . paul ( v.0 . ) we hate that guy . close on catter : catter that guy be a dick . close on mollie : mollie yeah , no one like that guy . ext , sweetzer ave . - day Paul and Rob sit on the step in front of a cute duplex on a LA street . '' . paul I guess we kind of hate he because Toby start spend all kind of time with he . rob and we be jealous of he clothes . paul he have good clothes . rob but when they move in here together , we all just start insert ourselves into all of they plan - photo montage of : wes , toby , paul , rob , mollie and catter - all in pajamas making pancakes in wes and toby‘s kitchen . the gang having a bbq in back - the gang all squashed on wes and toby's futon , watching a laker game - paul and then , he really become one of we when 4 we all go back to the lake - 1/9/03 4 . photo of the old gang , plus wes , in the boat at the dock of paul 's lake house . . : paul ( cont 'd ) and wes come , too . ext . sweetzer duplex - same Rob and Paul be still on the front step . Rob pull out a magazine . rob of course , now they be big shot . Rob hold up a copy of noise , a glossy man 's magazine , and then flip to a advice column inside : '' don ’t f*ck it up 's . the byline read : written by toby pullman and wes brown . and there be a photo of the two of they above the column , Toby smile , wes 's middle finger blurred out as he flip off the camera . paul give questionably helpful - but certainly entertaining - relationship advice to the lovesick and twisted of we great nation . close on catter : catter they relationship be amazing . I have never have a boyfriend who 's last more than five month - include a protract two week break up process - and they manage to love together , and work together - close on mollie : mollie yeah . work together . amazing . once , right after we get engage , Rob and I try to move a sofa together . we could not even do that . ‘1/9/93 close on sandra , 58 , toby 's mom and jim , 62 , toby's dad : sandra the first time Toby bring he over to the house , they sit on the live room floor with I and help I organize 4 scrapbook . he be just -- in - jim as Toby 's dad , I guess I should welcome wes to the family , but he 's already a part of it . I hope he know that . ext . sweetzer duplex - day paul and Rob be still seat on the front step . Paul be uncork a pottie of merlot , and hastily pour two glass , hand one to Rob . paul : so , here 's to wes and Toby . we see a quick photo montage of : wes and toby in a pool , he's try to lift her in a lame figure skating move - they 're laughing -- - wes and toby in there , graduation cap and gowns -- a publicity still from there magazine column -- halloween , as adam bnd eve in flesh colored bodysuit -- hard at work in there office at noise -- ext . sweetzer duplex - same Rob and Paul lift they glass . rob you guy be a inspiration the we all . as the image of Rob freeze and flicker , we shot on film : ext . cafe des artistes - night a beautiful night on the patio in the Hollywood restaurant . wes and Toby 's rehearsal dinner be in full swing . — _ — 1/9/03 6. rob and paul , now dress in suit , flank a huge video screen , where Rob 's image still flicker . applause roll in from the few table surround they . we realize we have be watch Paul and kob 's '' video speech '' . Paul step forward . paul so , again - to wes and Toby , and to they last night of singlehcod . Paul lift a glass of Champagne . we scan the rest of the crowd as they do the same . we see wes and toby , - surround by all they friend and family . catter to wes 's right , and mollie to she xight . Toby 's parent jim and sandra to she leave and she brother kip , 30 and odd , to they leave . everyone could not seem happier . as everyone downs they champagne , wes lean over and kiss Toby on the forehead . she put she head on he shoulder . ext . parking lot - later wes and Toby say the last of they good - by to everyone . wes walk toward the car as Toby finish hugging catter and mollie . Toby jog to catch up with wes . they walk to the car - wes take she hand . he unlock the door and they both get in . int . car - later wes and Toby drive down beverly Blvd . toward they apartment . wes try to change some CD while drive , cause he to stop and start inappropriately , mix in with some swerving . Toby be use to this , she seem unfaze . ext . gas station - night wes 's old BMW pull up and stop at the pump . he get out , and as we follow he around the front of the car , we land on Toby 's face , stare forward . as out of focus wes go about he business in the background , Toby 's face visibly alter . we can literally see she think . her mouth tighten , she pupil dilate , and , finally , she eye well up . wes come back around the front of the car and get in . before he start the car - toby ( quietly ) I can not do this . '' 4/9/03 '' wes hmmm ? toby tomorrow - wes we be get marry . toby I can not . wes take this in : wes be you busy ? toby I love you but I can not marry you . wes you nre just freaking out . ~ toby I know . but I have be freaking out for 3 month and I think it would go away but 4 it have not . you do not want I to marry you if I have doubt , do you ? wes consider this . wes yes . I do . you have doubt when you erder McNuggets instead of a cheeseburger . I think we will be ok . toby . no . we will not , this be different . wes look at she for a good , long time . wes get out . toby wes - wes ii7 m serious . be reach over she and open the door . she start to get out . '' 1/9/03 . 8 . toby wes , you try this on I when we have that fight at the beverly Center about that suit . wes that suit be hot . really . toby yes . wes be we get marry tomorrow ? wes look at Toby for a answer . she look back at he , wishing she have one , but say nothing . wes ( cont 'd ) ok . shut the door , '' Toby look he in the eye . he do not flinch , she shut the door . wes pull away . Toby stand and watch as he taillight fade into the distance . she watch he drive , expect to see he turn around . he just keep drive . she wait some more . and more . it start to sink in - he 's not come back , CUT to black , end_of teaser es 1/9/03 9 . '' _ aact 1 close on : a alarm as it go off - 6 be on the nose . int . wes 's ( & toby be ) apartment - morning we reveal wes , wide awake , still lay in bed . he get up , do not even bother shatting off the alarm , and head out of the bedroom . the sound of the beep alarm dissolves into : int . noise office - same the sound of a huge truck backing up , startling Toby awake . she be asleep on the couch of what be obviously she office , still in she dress from the rehearsal dinner . she groggily get up , make she way to she desk and sign on to she computer . split screen with : ~ . int . wes 's ( & toby 's ) apartment - same 4 wes , now in he home office - sit down at he computer do the same thing . as we cut close on beth '' puter screen , we see wes and Toby open the same email - title article 433 letter . as they both open the email letter , we begin to hear it in Vo : man 's voice ( v.0 . ) dear wes and Toby : I be a guy , I be 28 , and I be in love with a beautiful , kind , wonderful woman . underneath the vo we see quick cut of a attractive woman having sex with all sort of different men : in a tiny restaurant bathroom in HOTEL beds on couch on tabletops even rooftop — _ — 1/9/03 10 . no man 's voice ( v.0 . ) she 's also a cali girl . my cail girl . I have be see she for the last five year . now we sbe quick cut of the same woman having sex all over the place - but all with the same man - the writer qf our letter . man' voice ( v.0 . ) here 's the thing - I do not know how to make the switch . I want to marry this woman , but to she I be just another . customer . I need you to help I share my heartfelt feeling with my high class hooker . sign , John . " freeze frame of this man , as he place a envelope sobviously full of money ) on the dresser , with title : JOHN dissolve to : ext . golf course - later close up of wes - with the almost exact opposite look on he face . he stand , in he version of golf attire ( short and a t- shirt ) , near the club house , bag of club on he back . he look to the first tee and see the group of guy gather - Paul , Rob , Jim , kip , and a few other . he steel himself and make he way over . as he get closer he see what await he - Paul 's mixing drink on the golf cart and everyone 's wear '' Toby and wes 2003 " golf hat . they all turn and greet wes enthusiastically as he approach . paul wesley James Brown . welcome . Paul quickly shove a drink in wes 's hand . paul ( cont ! D ) we be next on the tee so drink up . wes look at the drink , shrug and then downs it in a matter of second . they all start to make they way up to the tee box . Rob walk next to wes and put he arm around he . 1/9/03 . rob so how you feel ? be you nervous ? wes nervous ? not really nervous . Jim walk up beside they . jim . what have he get to be nervous about ? ' wes . exactly , Mr. pullman . exactly my point . wes press on to the tee box with the rest of the group . he look around at everyone . just lock at they , say nothing . he 's start to freak they out . wes ( cont 'd ) . well , before we start , I would like to just say a few word . paul go on you big sap . wes take a breath and smile . wes . there will be no wedding today . or at all . Toby have call it off . should I do the honors ? with that , wes put he tee. in the ground with he ball on top of it , grab he club , and take a full swing at the ball - make great contact . no one can believe what he just say . wes watch the ball fly - straight as a arrow . wes ( cont 'd ) that 's 11 work . wes pick up he bag and start walk down the fairway - leave all of the guy in stunne silence . int . estilo salon - Day close on toby : she sit in a salon chair , she hair in a elaborate updo , she makeup impeccable . roan , the hairdresser , be set a bead hairband , with veil attach , into she hair . catter , mollie and Sandra stand around she , beam , as the veil get attach . 1/9/03 . : 12 . catier you look perfect . toby I do not know . I feel like the hairband be a little high . she yank on it , a little violently . roan stop she and ' adjust it himself . toby ( cont 'd ) you do not think it look a little high ? | sandra I think it look pretty perfect . Sandra look at Toby , in she veil , and start to cry . toby Mom , please do not cry . seriously -- it 's not necessary . sandra Toby , I be gonna cry . I only get to see my daughter get ready for she wedding once in my lifetime . Toby take a look at herself in the mirror . toby ( softly ) possibly twice . everyone look at Toby . uncomfortable silence envelop everyone , include roan . catter ( try to be calm ) pardon ? ? Toby take a long , slow exhale . toby T be not get marry today . catter start to hyperventilate and walk around in circle . catter what be she say ? mollie , ask she what she 's say . what be you saying ? 1/9/03 13 . mollie Toby , sweetie , wnat be you say ? Toby look at they for a moment , and then begin . her tone leave little doubt . toby I be call it off . I just - 1 realize that it just do not feel right , and that wes have take such good care of I , but I think - I mean I know - what I really need to do be take care of myself . to see what be I . when it 's just I . so , I just can not do it . stun silence still fill the room . Toby tug violently on the hairband again . toby ( cont 'd ) I do not know , I still think this thing be a little high . Toby continue to re-adjust the hairband , as roan and the lady look at she in stunne silence . ext . golf course - day the guy be all in the middle of the fairway . Rob 's cel '' phone ring . he grab it . rob ( into phone ) hey . intercut with ext . estilo salon - same mollie stand outside on she cel phone , in a panic . mollie {into phone ) what the hell ? Rob sneakily try to walk away from the guy . rob I know . mollie so he tell you ? rob barely . 1/9/03 : 14a. mollie and they can just do that ? - rob apparently . mollie I do not like it and I x11 tell you why . it devalue engagement . it devalue we engagement . no one say you could un - engage . rob mollie - please . I think there be other thing to worry about now . mollie think about this - mollie you be right . how 's he do ? Rob look back and see wes , in the sandtrap , take . mltiple swing at a ball . he 's make no contact at all . there 's just sand fly around he . rob he 's about 250 over par right now . mollie he 's go to act like everything 's fine . rob yep . mollie it 's not . rob I know . Rob 's still look at wes , who finally get the ball oxt of the trap . it 's a high arching , beautiful shot . wes throw he arm in the air in victory . int . jim & sandra 's house - afternoon a big , comfortable , cluttere house in hancock Park . which be now fill with wedding favor and catering trays and flower . , Jim , Sandra , kip and Toby sit at the dining room table . Sandra , in sweatpant , cradle the phone with she shoulder as she pour herself some wine . 1/9/03 . 15 . ° sandra no. yeah . Whole thing . we May as well still do the brunch tomorrow . that 's my other line again . 1'11 call you back . the family just watch in silence as Sandra work the phone . sandra ( cont 'd ) hello . oh yeah , be that right ? I do not know , we will look into that later . yeah , Toby 's here . we be go to have a little dinner .. Sandra hang up . sandra ( cont ‘d ) Toby , that be you grandmother . she want we all to know that she would have be leave right now for the first wedding of a grandchild , but instead she 's watch access Hollywood . and she do not think she will be able to return the girdle that she buy special for this day because it be on sale . toby maybe I should just go - jim where be you go to go ? you be not sleep at that office again . you be stay here with we until you find a new place . kip what ? after grad school , I want to move back in and live here forever , and you guy would not let I . sandra we want you to have you own place so you would have some shot at find a relationship . kip Toby get she own place - and look what happen there . Jim see the conversation go south , and try to save it . 1/9/03 16 . . jvim so , who 's hungry ? Sandra get up and peruse the catering trays . . sandra well , we have get 128 stuff chicken breast , and 162 beef filet . who want what ? toby I think I x11 just make myself a sandwich later . Toby stay seat at the table as she family help themselves to outrageous portion of beef and chicken . they all sit back down and start to eat , silently , until kip come up for a breath . kid this be crazy . how be you go to do this ? do not you guy have a contract at the magazine ? together ? how do you - expect to see each other every day after this ? . silence . Toby have no idea what to say . finally , the phone ring and Sandra grab it . sandra {into phone ) hello . yes , the only thing we could not cancel be the food because they already start the prep work . no - I think we get everything - the hand , the bartender , most of the flower - as Sandra rattles off all of the thing that do not happen today , we close in on Toby , definitely unsettle . int . wes 's ( & toby 's ) apartment - later wes sit in front of the tv , ostensibly watch m2 , but it be clear he mind be elsewhere . his and Toby 's fat cat slim sit on the back of the couch behind he . and then there be a knock . wes go to the door . ark , 27 , a large Russian man in a black blazer stand there , expectantly . ark heilo . I be ark. I 'ma little late . 1/9/03 : 17 . wes clearly have no idea who this man be . . wes ark , I be so piss off about that . ark sorry . the dispatcher tell 8364 not 8346 . ' wes look out to the street , and see a stretch limo . wes look at the limo , and back to ark . wes ' let I ask you something , ark . you nve already be pay for tonight ? ark of course . the parent of the bride arrange week ago . a small smile start to grow on wes ' face . int . paul be house - day a mid-century , cool , beachwood Canyon pad . Paul sit at the long kitchen table with catter , Rob and mollie . several other people mill about which give we the feel ( rightly so ) that there be often a Party of some kind go here . Paul wear he telephone headset and take call as the group chat . catter what about the holiday pot luck secret Santa Party ? and the lake - what about go back to the lake this summer ? mollie what about every weekend for the rest of we life ? paul maybe we just cali they both and let they figure out who come to what . rob I be pick Toby . mollie we have to pick together . _ 1/9/03 18 , rob then you be pick Toby , too . the phone ring . . paul {into phone ) yeah . brunch be still on at the pullman . yeah , come on over if you want . catter wes be jilted . I should pick wes . . paul you be like Toby 's best friend . catter I still think I should take he . Paul shoot cdtter a scolding look . paul {serious} catter , you be not take wes . rob {to Paul ) then you take he . paul I do not want he . mollie I think we should take he . the phone ring again . | paul ( into phone ) no. no problem . the hotel should still give you the rate . yeah , absolutely come by . catter seriously , you guy , what do we do about birthdays ? or when one of they start to date someone . mollie what about we wedding ? I do not want either of they . '' _ 1/9/03 19 . . rob what ? . mollie they get dis -engage . I do not want that kind of cautionary tale lurking around my wedding . dust as mollie be finish she think , they all look up . and fall silent . Toby be stand there . it 's awkward . they be not sure how much she hear . . toby hey . I just - I see the light on and some people inside so I just - Paul hop up and tackle Toby in a hug . he just keep hugging she , smash she face into he chest . toby ( cont ’d ) {a little muffle ) be you guy piss ? paul yes . toby seriously ? catter yes . toby for real ? -rob yes . toby I be sorry . Paul keep hugging she . int . limo - night the limo be park . ark sit in front , stare out the windshield . wes open the door and get in the back . wes thanks for make the stop , ark . wes reach into the front seat and hand ark a white bag . . 1/9/03 20 . wes ( cont ’d ) I get you a double double . ark thank you . wes no problem . wee and ark both start to eat they double double , as ark pull out onto sunset . ark I take it , we be not arrive at the wedding . ' . wes no , ark . we will not be arrive there . that be fine . wes be it ? ark be it not ? . wes what ? ark i.do not understand . wes she tell I last right that she could not go through with it . it 's crazy , I be suppose to rethink my entire life in like twelve hour . everything that I think be -- be not . ark ia listen and nodd with deep sympathy . ark yes , man , wes . I understand . I know what you need . he look at wes with a deep , abide knowledge . '' 1/9/03 21. int . cheetah 's - night wes and ark both slam a shot with a beer chaser as . stripper gyrate behind they . ark look to be hold he liquor well , wes be swervy and load . . ark point to one of the stripper . ark that be Angie . Nice girl . her little girl be spelling champion . give she ten dollar . . wes do as he 's tell . . wes ( to Angie ) you be do a fabulous job . ark hand wes another shot . he slam it , and tuck some more money in Angie 's g-string . wes ( cont ’d ) ( to Angie ) so , Angie , do any of the lady here do a little hock on the side ? Angie shoot a angry look at ark . ark ~ I be sorry Angie . his wedding do not arrive today and he be drunk . perhaps we go . wes " no , not for I . not for I , hooker . for my article . this guy want to marry he hooker , and I think I could ask she the hooker perspective . ark start to lift wes out of he seat . ark tuck some more money into Angie 's g-string . ark tell Diane good luck for spelling hee . ark help a very drunk wes to the door . int . paul be house - later a full house party have develop . Paul , wear a apron with the torso of a naked man print on it , serve drink and manage the party like a pro . 1/9/03 . 22 . the camera follow Paul as he weave through the crowd , until he stop at catter . she smile . as he hand she a drink . Paul be like magical - he always have a drink to give . catter you know I be go to take two ativan to get through they wedding . that 's what it take now - two pill per wedding . paul why ? wedding be a bold statement of hope in we crazy world . with booze . Paul downs he drink happily . catter I feel compel to start the count - back at every wedding . paul the what ? catter the count back . see , if you work backwards , even if I meet my future husband in the next fifteen second , we would still have to date a year - minimum - before a proposal , probably eighteen month . - and then a year engagement - 80 the very soonest I could be walk down the aisle be two and half year from now . and that 's if the guy be stand in you kitchen . it 's pathetic . catter downs she drink . paul so , you should be happy that wes and Toby call it off . two more miserable single people like you . catter no - see that 's the thing . that depress I , too . paul how be that possible ? catter because it go to show how unjust it all ig . ( mor2 ) we 1/9/03 23 . catter ( cont 'd ) there be girl like Toby who get great guy and toss they back , and then there be girl like I who only seem to date guy who play bass and live at home and fear commitment . paul . guess you be screw . Paul smile at catter , kiss she on the head , and move off to continue host . catter stand there , alone . she walk to a tiny alcove near the kitchen and pull out she cel phone . she scroll through until she land on the name toby / wes . she hit send . she wait as the phone ring . and ring . finally - the machine pick up . it 's wes 's voice . wes ( 0.s. ) hey ~ we be not here - leave a message . catter hang up . she stand for a second . she then walk to the kitchen - and as she pass they we stop : with rob and mollie - both seriously explain something to Paul . Paul nod along in between sip of he drink . rob so , we be kind of screw . most people - they buy china , pot , towel , they work from the registry . mollie we get creative , rob first mistake . I do not think you can return scuba lesson . mollze that 's like return fruit . Paul consider they problem . paul so you can not return it , let 's take this so-call negative and spruce it up . be either of you school in the art of scuba ? Rob and mollie shake they head no . paul ( cont 'd ) there you go . 1/9/03 24 . with that , Paul leave - and the camera follow he as he walk toward - . toby - who sit on the kitchen counter , alone , take it all in . as Paul walk by she , he hand she a drink . paul ( cont 'd ) drink up momma . he continue on , but we stay with Toby . she take a huge sip of she drink . as she bring it down , she notice she hand . actually , she notice she . engagement ring , which ghe 's still wear . she play with it for a second , . spin it around , before surreptitiously take it off and put it in she pocket . ext . paul 's house - same the limo pull slowly up to the curb in front of Paul 's . int . limo - same wes now sit in the front seat with ark . he be drink directly out of a bottle of kettle one , and he be . load . they both gaze inside at the party through Paul 's front window - the sound of music and laughing carry . from the party into the open limo window . wes . . that use to be my life in there that I be not invite to . ark be not sure how to respond . wes ( cont 'd ) I gotta piss . with that , wes get out of the limo . ext . paul ‘s house - same wes make he way up onto Paul 's lawn , vodka in hand . he find a tree to shield he from the street , and pes . and pees . and pees . it seem to go on forever . int . paul be house - same rob look out the window , and see something . it 's wes . he tell mollie . Word start to spread . 1/9/03 25 , ext . 's paul 's house - same wes be still pee , but now a crowd of people have start to form on Paul 's stoop . wes finally finish . and look up . he be catch . he look down at the vodka bottle in he hand and - in a moment of drunken genius - lift the bottle in the air . wes i come by - to make a toast . I work hard on this toast and it probably will not be applicable in a lot of other . situation , and I do not want to waste a good toast . so - here go . I hope you will indulge I . . wes take another slug of vodka . wes pull a slip of paper from he pocket and begin to read it to the crowd . wes ( cont 'd ) here 's to all of you , my dearest friend , who have travel from every corner of the globe to be here tonight . I hope you be all have a wonderful time , because I have certainly have a wonderful time have each of you in my life . Paul , Rob , mollie and catter all exchange concerned look . wes press on . wes ( cont ’d ) and , of course , let 's all raise we glass to my beautiful bride - not - to- be -- I do not know what I would do without you . the crowd be perfectly silent . even wes seem a little surprised by what have just come out of he mouth . he - finally - feel a little awkward . wes ( cont ‘d ) so - ummm - have a great time . I hope everyone really be - happy . goodnight . just as wes be about to turn and walk back to the limo , he and toby meet eye . she be stand , one small girl in the big crowd , look at he . he let he eye linger on she , and then , turn away and get into the limo . the crowd start to disperse , but Toby stay on the porch , watch the limo fade into the distance . fade out . end of act I 1/9/03 . 26 . act it int . noise office - wes & toby 's office - day wes sit at he desk , at a loss , as he watch judy , 22 , sit across from he , she face bury in she hand . wes come around the desk and sit next to she . he hand she a glass of water . wes it 's ok . it 's go to be ok . take a little sip of water . Judy slowly lift she face , and take a sip of water . she look at wes . her face be blotchy from cry . judy I do not understand . you guy be so great together . wes I gotta be honest , Judy , I do not quite understand either . judy now what 's go to happen ? be you still gonna work together ? be I still go to be a assistant to both of you ? be I go to have to pick one of you over the other ? be I fire ? wes well , we have a lot of thing to figure out . judy this be not right . I have always aspire to have what you guy have - both personally and professionally . and it be all a lie . wes I do not know if it be a lie exactly - judy it be to I ! I believed in you ! dudy begin to cry again , and she face go back into she hand . wes just sit there , completely helpless . 1/9/03 27 . int . 's noise office - lobby - same the elevator door open . Toby , look a little tired , step off the elevator and warily make she way down the hall . out of the corner of she eye she spot virginia kemp , 40' , very skinny and passive / aggressive . Toby speed '' up , but Virginia be quickly in step with she . virginia ( bitchy ) you be in kinda late . . toby I have a - kinda - rough weekend . virginia ( false compassion ) oooh . yeah . I hear about that . be everything ok with that ? toby it happen the day before yesterday , Virginia . virginia yeah . that 's rough . toby yes . it be . virginia Rough stuff . toby yes , Toby stop walk , and look Virginia in the eye , toby ( cont ’d ) you do not really care about how this be affect I emotionally , do you ? virginia not a lot . toby you be concerned how the write team you hire be go to continue produce for you . 1/9/03 28 , : virginia it have cross my mind . toby can you give we 'a little time to feel : ' thing out ? virginia yes . toby cool . thank you . Toby start toward she office . . virginia we have lunch with the owner of this magazine at 12:30 . that give you over three hour . toby perfect . . virginia listen , Toby . ' you be the brain of that operation . I have always know that . 1 trust that you will figure this out . Toby be not sure whether to be flatter or frighten as she turn and walk toward she office . int . noise magazine - toby and wes 's office - same Toby enter the office just as Judy ig leave . Judy stop , grab Toby in a big hug . judy I still love - you both . Judy leave . Toby slowly enter . 's '' toby hey kid . wes do not look up . wes hey . silence . Toby walke over to she desk ( they desk face each other ) and sit down . 1/9/03 29 . toby so. Nice show with the .apeech the other night . . wes yeah . I really feel like I nail it . Toby laugh . toby that 's funny . she laugh a little more . toby ( cont ’d ) funny . wes it be not that funny . toby wes , I be just try to - wes do not . he get up and hand she some papers . wes ( cont 'd ) here 's my pass at the hooker advice letter . look at it when you can . Toby take it , seem a little surprised . toby wes , you know , I be really glad to see you . I be not sure you have come in today , or ever , and I know we need to - wes I be go to get some coffee . toby you do not drink coffee . wes I know . wes avert Toby 's eye as he exit the office . she sit there for a second , stung . then she turn to the papers and start to read : 1/3/03 30 . wes ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) dear John , here 's something I have learn quite recently : girl suck . you meet a girl who seem normal - she have a real job and she seem totally acceptable to you friend and family and everything - and then she turn out to be a freak . a total nutcase . Toby 's not sure how to take this . wes ( cont 'd ) . so I think you be on to something here . a prostitute . why not ? she 'o never cheat on you , except for have sex with hundred of guy . and I be sure she will never leave you . I think it 's a solid plan . Toby spin she chair around to she computer , and start to type . as she type , we hear she voice over and we go split screen with : int . HOTEL hallway - night John , the writer of we letter , stride down the hali , read from a copy of noise magazine that he hold in ene hand . he hold a bouquet of flower in the other . toby ( v.o. ) this may be hard to believe , John , but I agree with wes 's advice , if not the sentiment . you really have nothing to lose . full screen as : John slip he key card into a door . toby ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if you come clean about you feeling , at worst , you will spend a couple of weekend '' comparison shopping '' for a new call girl . int . HOTEL room - same John enter to find melissa , early 20 's , a beautiful and voluptuous woman in a revealing teddy , loung on the bed , eat candy from the mini-bar . toby ( v.0 . ) and at best , you 's 1ll have find yourself a new girlfriend who put out . 1/9/03 31 . John sit down on the bed next to Melissa . JOHN you look fantastic . melissa thanks , baby . he sit , hold the flower , just stare at she . she start to remove he shirt . JOHN I want to get something for you - he hand she the flower . she take they , and put they on the bedside table . melissa you do not have to do that . you already buy I a grey Goose and a toblerone from the mini bar . she show he the empty mini-vodka bottle and candy wrapper , with a sly smile . JOHN you be so cute . melissa so be you . he look at she , smile , and tackle she on the bed . they laugh and wrestle , until they be both a little out of breath . then , John look at Melissa . JOHN Melissa , I want to ask you something . she unbuckle he belt . melissa mmmm - hmm , he steel himself . and he take the plunge . JOHN I really like you , and you be so beautiful and fun and I - I just want to know if you have consider be my girlfriend . Melissa stop what she 's do . she pull back from John , and look into he eye . 1/9/03 . 32 . melissa I would love to be you girlfriend , baby . JOHN yeah ? ~ Melissa look at he , touch he cheek , and smile . melissa yeah . we see John 's expression turn from one of anxiety to one of pure bliss as Melissa grab he and pull he down on the bed on top of she . int . paul 's house - day Paul and catter sit on the floor of the live room . the content of Paul 's liquor cabinet , which be extensive , be spread around they . paul be you sure you be stick to the system ? catter smile , a little bit drunk . catter yes , Paul . I know the system . organize all liquor alphabetically and by brand within category . and drink anything less than a shot leave in any bottle . Paul pound what be leave in a bottle of tequila . paul just make sure , they continue to sort and drink , sort and drink . catter ntry to sound nonchalant ) so , have you talk to wes ? paul mmm-hmmm . catter be he - you know - how 's he do ? paul ok . 1/9/03 33. ' catter do you think maybe I should stop by or make he some - . Paul empty another bottle and look catter in the eye . paul catter - don 't . I know you have always have a weird thing for he - catter I have not ! paul you tell I when you meet he , and I quote " I have a weird thing for he . '' gatter 's bust . catter that be 6 year ago . we have be friend now for 6 year . I just want to make sure he 's all right . paul please do not . ok ? catter polish off a bottle of vodka and do not answer . int . le dome - day Toby , wes , Virginia and lucius thomson , 5as , sit at a round table in the middle of the posh , crowded restaurant . thomson I cannot believe that you two have be write a column for my magazine for year , and this be the first time we have share a proper meal together . toby please . you have a gagillion dollar industry to - you know - manage -- or whatever . he laugh . thomson listen , I read the column every month , and from what I hear the book deal for you volume of collect article be come together very quickly - peer 1/3/03 34 . virgina it 's true - we hope to have . it out by summer . thomson ' but most of all - I like the story behind the story . ' Virginia 's face go pale . virgina do you read last month advice to that bear again virgin ? it be - ' thomson totally ignore Virginia and barrel on - . thomson I mean , you two be this smart , hip kid , who be totally in love and commit to each other , give relationship advice - it 's perfect . you be still irreverent and smart - aasy - ' which I love - but people also believe 's that they can do it , because you guy be do it . wes and Toby sneak a look at each other . wes . yeah , umm - that 's not all that accurate . silence . Virginia be now fully panicked . she and Toby both look at wes , just wait . wes ( cont 'd ) because , in all honesty , Toby 's not that smart . : toby . and wes be unbelievably un-hip . wes . she mostly have to '' sound it out " if the word be more than four letter . toby he like the olive Garden for both the food and the ambience . thomson laugh as he open he menu . both Toby and virgina seem relieved that wes have decide to play ball . the waiter walk by . wes stop he . for 1/9/03 wes Excuse I - how be you stripe prepare ? waiter ummm - toby he mean rib . waiter oh , they be braise . . wes thanks . the waiter leave , thomson and Virginia be confuse , toby wes will not call they rib . wes it 's too - bodily . toby so I make up stripe . wes it give some distance between I and the animal . thomson look at wes and Toby with wonder . thomson you guy be quite a team . wes and Toby look at each other and force a smile . int . jewish community CENTER - pool ~ day Rob and mollie , in sweatpant , with towel over they shoulder , enter the indoor pool area . rob mollie , I promise . you be overthink . when we introduce ourselves you be Toby and I be wes . that 's it . then we do not have to deal with it again . mollie I do not know . be engage , Rob . I feel like it 's bad luck to pose as a couple whe do not go through with it . 35 . 1/9/03 36 . rob I do not . I think it 's good luck . mollie what ? why ? Rob be trap . he have no answer . rob listen , maybe we will not even have to lie . I have to tell the woman in the office we be wes and Toby . but the instructor probably will not care who we be . mollie yeah ? rob yeah . I be sure they will not know it be a wedding present . mollie yeah . probably not . I have always want to scuba . rob exactly . it 's go to be fine . Rob and mollie make they way over to the small group at the far end of the pool . as they get closer , they see that there be two wetsuit remain , on hanger . on one of they be a big bridal veil and on the other be a bow tie and tail . mollie now glare at Rob as mitch , 30 , greet they . mitch and you must be wes and Toby , we newlywed ! the class break out into spontaneous clap and cheer as they beam at Rob and mollie . mollie be displease . int . le dome - day lunch be finish , and Virginia and thomson listen as Toby be mid-story . wes tap he fork . toby so we get the cat back to we apartment - it 's like eight week old - and we hear this crazy ruckus upstairs . ( more ) 1/9/03 37 . ~ toby ( cont 'd ) , we go up there - and there 's a bird - a huge crow - fly around we bedroom . I mean - it be like massive , right ? she turn to wes , who 's sort of out of it . wes ( recover ) right . right . so I put on this - toby windbreaker - and he pull the hood up so only he eye be show . and grab a tennis racket . . as Toby continue on , we can see wes 's eye get further and further away . he 's not even listen anymore . he _ look around the restaurant - at all the couple eat , people laugh . he turn back and look at Toby as she 's tell the story . she 's very animated - gesture as she talk . and then he notice it . his eye go wide . in slo -mo Toby 's leave hand , gesture , with no engagement ring on . she 's take it off . wes can not believe it . toby ( cont ’d ) - instead of turn on the light he flip the ceiling 's fan switch . so now the bird be go nut . wes quickly stand up . wes I ummm . Excuse I . wes abruptly leave the table . ext . sunset blvd - day wes exit the restaurant and just start walk . and walk . either really fast or extremely slow - it 's hard to tell . then he cel phone ring . wes hello . judy ( 0.8 . ) it 's dudy . where be you ? they say you go to the bathroom and never come back . wes umm - 1/9/03 38 . - judy ( 0.s. ) they be still wait for you . and you aunt call . and catter call for you .. wes : you mean for Toby . judy no , for you . a flicker of confusion pass across wes 's face . wes 's listen , Judy , could you just put I through to Toby ? gudy ( 0.s. ) . no problem . hold on . Judy put wes on hold . hold music come on . but it 's that Tina Turner song that go '' we do not need another hero ... '' it 's like nail down a chalkboard . the song get louder and louder and begin to consume wes.as he stand on sunset Blvd. in front of Chin Chin . people continue to walk by as thing get blurry - wes be barely keep it together , thing start to spin . finally , the song be cut off by : toby ( 0.s. ) wes ? where be you ? wes I can not do this , Toby . I quit . wes look at the phone in shock , as if the phone itself have just say that word . he then slip he phone into he pocket and - out of sheer inertia - keep walk . ext . wes 's ( & toby 's ) apartment - later wes , still daze , come walk up to he front door to find - catter . sitting on the stoop . she seem - drunk . catter hey . wes : uh - hey . catter Paul make I help organize he liquor cabinet - sa 1/9/03 39 . wes alphabetize the bottle . drink up the dregs . catter I give it my all . wes you be a good friend . she stand , look at he . he head toward the door . catter so , I just want to come by to see if you be ok . - wes be unlock the door . he turn to she . wes I do not think so , not yet . I have to figure some shit out before I be actually ok . catter right . catter keep look at he . he might cry . or she might cry . but instead -- catter kiss wes . for a moment , wes do not resist . and then : wes catter , Jesus , you be the may of honor . catter stare at he - beginning to realize what she 's do . wes ( cont 'd ) it think you better go . wes turn and go inside , close the door behind he . end_of act two 1/9/03 . 40 . act three int . wes 's apartment - live room - morning close on : a photo of toby and wes they be both laugh and drink from 40 oz . beer . we reveal wes hold the photo , stand in the middle ‘of he live room . there be a cardboard BOX next to he , fill with various cds , book , etc . he take the picture and expertly toss it into the box . he look around , satisfied . then , he reach over to the coffee table and grab what look like a electric razor . . he look at it , and adjust something . he then lift it up to he head and we see ~ it 's not a razor - its a hair clipper . without even look in the mirror , wes shave a clean , stripe through he hair . and then another . he continue shave he head , hair fall around he on the couch , until he be completely bald . he put down the razor , feel he newly shorn head , and allow himself a small smile . ' ext . office build + day Toby , work bag over she shoulder , slip through the revolve door of the noise office , and onto sunny wilshire Blvd . int . deli - same Toby walk into the small deli like she own the place . toby Bradley , I be borrow you people . Toby reach behind the register and grab a people Magazine , as BRADLEY , 40s , come out of the kitchen . BRADLEY hey , Toby . Toby take a seat and start to read she people magazine . a cute guy , late 20 , smile at Toby . she smile back , and continue read she people . Bradley arrive with two soda . 1/9/03 41 . BRADLEY ( cont ’d ) cream soda for the lady and Arnold palmer for my main man - toby wes will not be - ukh - join I today . BRADLEY oh , yeah ? Bradley be unfaze . he simply take wes 's drink , and start to drink it himself as he head back to the kitchen . Toby go back to read she people magazine . the cute guy watch she as he eat he sandwich . she notice , and give he ariother awkward smile . cute guy so , where be he ? toby emmm ? cute guy the guy - where 's the guy ? Toby just look at he , confuse . cute guy ( cont 'd ) that guy you nre always in here with . I have see you two . I be Craig . I work at schwab - sixth floor . toby oh . cute guy so , he 's you , what , you business partner ? toby ubbhh - cute guy you boyfriend ? toby ummmm - cute guy you boss ? you grandad ? you pipe fitter ? what ? 1/9/03 42. Toby smile . toby he 's my former fiancee , my recently resign write partner and , right now , my smallest fan . cute guy you smaliest fan ? toby opposite of biggest fan . I think maybe it be smallest fan . whatever -- he 's not a fan . the cute guy smile . cute guy well , that make one of we . Toby look up , blush . she be clearly out of practice , with the flirt . toby oh - ummm - cute guy have a drink with I after work . just to help you drow you sorrow . nothing weird . Toby look at he , size he up . cute guy { cont ’d ) listen , I can not make it weird , because then I no have to find a new deli , and I really like the number three no onion , so that 's like a guarantee that it will be unweird . Toby - almost despite herself - smile , which be as good as " yes . " int . office build lobby - day a very modern , spare office building in Santa monica . wes , with he newly shave head and a funky tan suit , approach the security desk . marty , a beefy black guy , sit at the desk . wes hi. I be wes Brown . I be here for the interview - ( more ) '' _ 1/9/03 43 . . wes ( cont 'd ) ( he point to a blow up of a interview magazine cover on the wall ) - uhh - interview . ° wes laugh nervously . marty do not . he just punch some key on he computer . marty they get you up in here as Dave . wes uh , I be wes , marty they get you up in here as Dave . wes just shrug in acceptance . wes ok . cur to : " close on : a nametag , with the name '' dave '' int . office - day . we pull back to reveal wes , wear he nametag , sit on a couch in a large , spare office . daniel , 40s , sit across from he , daniel I really think you column be well - write , or I would not even be consider you for the position - wes thanks - ' daniel however , I also need to know if you have confidence in you talent as a interviewer as well as a writer . interviewing require a whole different skili set than what you be use to use for you column at noise . wes you know , it 's funny , because in grad school that 's what Toby and I want to do . ( more ) 1/9/03 44 . " wes ( cont 'd ) , we imagine that we would be this interview team - and we work out this whole '' good cop , bad cop '' deal that we think would get everyone to reveal themselves to we . but we first interview at the usc paper be with Matt dillon , and Toby have be obsessed with he when he be in the outsider and have this poster of he from rumble Fish that she want he to sign . so we go to interview he , and she 's suppose to be the bad cop , but she start good copping , and I really suck as the bad cop , but , evidently she can not flirt as the bad cop - wes be enjoy he own story , but see that he should bring himself back to the question . wes ( cont ’d ) anyway , yes . I can do interview . daniel and how do you and Toby break down the write duty in you partnership ? who exactly do what ? wes you know , also very funny . because we get ask that question all the time , and Toby would always field it . oh man , what exactly do she say ? she have this really funny metaphor that she always use - wes be try desperately to remember , and take way too long to do so . he lock at Daniel , and realize this interview be go south - fast . wes ( cont ’d ) well - enough about Toby . we be not here to interview Toby . we be here to interview I . he look at he nametag . wes ( cont ‘d ) Dave . : Daniel crack a smile . wes take a deep breath and try - to move on . 1/9/03 . 45 . ext . paul be house - day catter , dress in a horrible polo shirt and hat that both say gourmet courier , make she way up Paul 's long driveway with a huge warmer bag in she arm . she get to the front door and just open it and go in . int . paul be house - same catter make she way into the live room to find Paul , Rob and mollie sit on the couch . Paul be expertly wield he remote control at the tv . catter @rop the bag on the table and sit . catter what 's up ? mollie Paul 's tivo only tape he will and Grace , catter se , you tivo know you be gay ? paul I think it 's profiling . homo -profile . my tivo homonfile I . ' catter reach into the warmer bag , pull out some carton of food and lay they out on the coffee table . catter pizza with gorgonzola , pound chicken , penne arrabiatta . oh , and you guy buy I fusili with pancetta and cream sauce - catter take she carton , and plop onto the couch . Paul look at she warmer bag still sit on the floor . rob do not you have other food in that thing that need to be deliver ? catter yeah . they can waic . catter head into the kitchen . catter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so , who 's drink what ? 1/9/03 46 . int . paul be house - kitchen - same Paul follow catter into the Kitchen . she grab some glass out of the cupboard , and turn around to find herself face to face with Paul . he look she in the eye . she look away . he keep look at she , but she eye remain glue to the floor . paul no . you do not . catter just stand there , hold two glass , eye on the ground . paul ( cont 's D} catter , please tell I you do not . catter ( very softly ) I do . it be just a kiss . I just - Paul turn away from she . he be clearly pissed . paul do you have any respect at all for the little group we have establish here ? I mean , I know you do the count back , and think you be go to be single forever , and continue to date wildly inappropriate man who will never marry you - but you can not take that frustration out on you friend . we cannot go around kissing each other 's fiance . I be not sure about the you , but I do not have any other friend . so , I would appreciate it if you do not fuck this up . catter look like she 's go to cry . Paul be unmove . catter I should not have do it . paul brilliant analysis . tear spill from catter 's eye . catter ( softly ) I '' sorry . 1/9/03 . 47 . the tear continue to flow , as catter run out of the kitchen , int . paul 's house - live room - same catter tear through the live room , grab she warmer bag , and run out the door . Rob and mollie watch she - stunne . Paul emerge from the kitchen , expertly carry three glass of wine . rob what the hell ? Paul pass out the wine . mollie I 'il just have a soda or - paul trust I , in a moment , you 'il want the wine . or vicadin . Rob and mollie look at Paul , they interest definitely pique . split screen wite : . close on john' face - as he stride through a group of people with melissa ( the hooker ) on he arm . he can barely contain he pride . under this we hear : toby ( v.0 . ) . so , we advice to you , John , be - start act like a boyfriend . take she out on real date , introduce she to you friend - we go full screen to : int . hollywood hill house - night a cocktail party , of well dress folk in they twenty and thirty , be well underway . John and Melissa make they way through the party . wes ( v.0 . ) - try to sleep with she best friend - you know , boyfriend stuff . pete , late 30' , approach John and Melissa . JOHN Pete ! I do not know you be go to be here . 1/9/03 ag . pete yeah , I be back in LA to stay this time . JOHN : really ? we should get together , play tennis or something . pete definitely . a beat . Pete look awkwardly at Melissa . Melissa just look at John . John realize he faux - pas . JOHN : oh my god , I be sorry . sweetie , I be so sorry . Pete , this be Melissa . pete Nice to meet you . melissa it 's really nice to meet you , too , Pete . a awkward pause . - melissa ( cont ’d ) well , I be gonna hit the little girl 's room . jorn ok . I / x11 be here . Melissa leave . John turn to Pete . pete wow . where have you find she ? John smile . with melissa ~- as she wind she way back to the bathroom . as she go , she take in the whole party . well dress people laugh , smoking , drink - clearly with money to burn . she 's feel a bit out of place . she get to the bathroom - there be a few girl wait by the door . she decide not to wait and turn around . she work she way back to John , and as she near , she can overhear the conversation he 's have with Pete . pete ( cont 'd ) no shit . 1/9/03 . 4s . JOHN I know .. it 's really unbelievable . she 's - amazing . pete wow . I do not know you could make that transition . John just shrug . Pete take a swig of he drink . pete ( cont ’d ) she do not look like a hooker . . John turn and see Melissa stand there - she hear that last remark . she 's not happy . she quickly make she way out of the party . John follow . int . houstons ~ evening Toby sit , sip a martini with Craig , the cute guy from the deli . craig so , be that letter for real ? or do you guy write they yourselves ? toby no , they be totally real . craig so , do you have to read through hundred cf they to find the good one ? toby well , I usually let wes do that . there be a tiny uncomfortable silence , but Toby press on . toby ( cont ’d ) I use to read through the letter with he , but it start make I so sad about - like ~ the human condition , you know . I mean , what have transpire in this poor people 's life that they want to marry they hooker or have three way with they ups and fedex guy , you know ? craig you do not find that thing a little funny ? 1/9/03 50 . toby a little . but after a while , it would just make I profoundly sad . so , wes start read all the mail , and just give I a few choice letter . he would wade through all the sad storey for I , so I would not have to get so down . '' Toby seem strike by what she just say . it 's like she have just start to realize what she 's do . craig / he sound like a great partner to have . Toby consider this and nod . toby yeah . then , a waitress approach , place a enormous plate of rib in front of the man sit next to Toby at the bar . toby ( cont 'd ) wow . that be some nice look stripe . craig eommm ? toby stripe . we call they stripe because - you know - rib - it 's so body - part - specific . like order toe or femur or something , you know ? Toby laugh at she own observation . Craig do not get it . another moment of uncomfortable silence . toby ( cont ’d ) you know what ? thank you so much for the drink , and this be about to be the rudest thing I have ever do - well , not the rudest because I do just cali off a wedding and all - but I think I better just - go . Toby get up , pulis out some cash and leave it on the bar . toby ( cont ’d ) see ya at the deli . number three no onion . 1/9/03 51 . Toby do not even wait for a reply before she 's out the door . . int . jewish community CENTER - pool - evening mollie and Rob , along with the rest of the class , be all suite up . Rob look a little freak . mitch so , wes and Toby - you be up . mollie get up and walk toward the pool . Rob do not move . mitch ( cont ’d ) wes , you ready for this ? Rob , clearly forget he name be wes , look off absently and do not respond at all . mitch ( cont ’d} wes ? rob right . me. wes. I be wes . and ready . Mitch look at he oddly . mitch now remember , you be practice use you '' buddy air .* you and Toby be go to go down , she be go to take out she own air supply - which will be pretty scary at first - but then you be go to give she you buddy air , which feed off of you tank - and the two of you will ascend together . rob yep . get it . wes. I be wes . Rob and mollie start to get into the pool . mollie give Rob a disapprove look . mitch you know , it 's actually a perfect exercise for newlywed . when one cf you lose they own air , the other can share they air , and vice versa . ycu should do great . Rob look nervous as he gingerly slip into the water . mollie smile and go under , too . 1/9/03 . 52 . under water in the jewish community CENTER pool : mollie , smile and give Rob the thumb up , take out she air supply - she be now holding her breath . she swim over to Rob . Rob be breathe from he tank , but look totally panicked . moliie motion for Rob to give she he buddy ' air . Rob just look at she , panicked . she 'motion again and then - with no warning - rob leave her there and swim to the surface . on the surface Rob break : the surface , take out he breathe apparatus and gasp for air , dramatically . he spazze . over to the side . rob oh man . man that be - crazy . the whole class be look at he - where 's he new wife ? mollie finally break the surface , really gasp for air . mitch what happen ? rob dude - you get down there and it 's like - who know ? even Rob do not seem convinced by this story . mollie I teok out my air supply and motion for wes to give I he buddy air , but he panicked . mitch you realize , of course , if we have be on a ocean dive ; you would have just kill you new bride . mollie shoot dagger at Rob . Rob try to lighten the mood . rob so , in term of it be a good exercise for newlywed , how have we do ? mollie walk away , leave Rob alone on the side of the 's 1/9/03 53. ext . wes ' ( & toby be ) apartment - night wes sit on the balcony , smoking and stare into space . girl 's voice hey . smokey . wes look down onto the sidewalk , where catter stand , in she gourmet courier shirt , look tired . catter can I come up ? wes I be scared of you . catter I will not touch . I promise . wes yeah . come on up . wes wait . catter emerge onto the balcony with . two ' beer , hand one to wes . she take a seat next to he . wes take a awkward drag off of he cigarette . catter so , smoking be part of the * New wes '' , I be guess ? wes yep . catter look pretty dumb . wes . still work out the kink . catter summon she courage and turn to wes . _ catter wes , I need you to know that I be incredibly sorry about what happen the other night . I do not know what 's wrong with I . wes clearly , I be irresistible . catter yeah , something like that . 1/9/03 . 54 . they sit in silence for a moment . catter ( cont ‘d ) ok , maybe I do know what 's wrong with I . I be ingane . I rent notting Hill recently , and I have to turn it off because I be jealous . jealous of the love of two fictional character , wes . I watch a wedding Story on the learn Channel religiously , and get constantly incense that all of this freak have find the perfect other freak -- and I , have not . I just want to find someone already so I can stop obsessively tweezing my eyebrow and fake laugh and just relax . I should not have kiss you , but I be full of rum and possibility - and I will just freak if Toby find out - wes smile . wes you secret be safe with I . catter thank you . awesome . move on . let 's talk about you . wes nod as he flick he ash into the ashtray . wes do you see that flick ? that be a nice , natural flick . catter it be a nice flick . catter look at wes . catter ( cont ’d ) anything else on you mind , perhaps ? wes look back at she , all seriousness . wes {his voice a little shaky ) I do not know how I be go to make it alone , catter . catter be clearly move by he admission . 1/9/03 . 55 . catter wes , I know this be incredibly hard for you . it 's hard for all of we . we all love both of you . we all feel like we be lose something . and we do not want to have to choose between you - wes you do not have to choose . Toby and I - catter put she hand on wes 's hand and squeeze . , catter I choose you . wes look at she , unsure how to respond . int . toby 's car - night Toby , straight from she ill-fate date , be on the cel phone . toby ( into phone ) kip , it 's I . you sister . pick up . nothing . toby ( cont 'd ) seriously , it 's a emergency . pick up . nothing . toby ( cont 'd ) I meet this girl I want to fix you up with - a mad clamoring through the phone , as kip pick up . kip yeah ? toby what if I '' still in love with he ? kip Mom just send I home with eight thousand chicken breast . toby I be serious , kip . what if I never connect with anyone the way I connect with he ? 1/3/03 56 . they be both speechless . toby ( cont 'd ) tell I what I should do . kip I have no idea . I have never have a successful relationship . toby then tell I what wes and I would tell I to do . kip think about it . kip talk to he , Toby be silent . kip ( cont ’d ) dust talk to he . I have never see two people who can talk about everything or nothing like you guy can . a smile start to grow on Toby 's face . toby thanks kip . kip anytime . Toby hang up the phone and keep drive . ext . wes 's ( & toby 's ) apartment - same Toby pull up to she old apartment . just as she be about to get out of the car , she look up and , through the windshield , she see catter and wes on the balcony . she study the image closer - catter be look meaningfully at wes , she hand on he . Toby look - devastate . she let she gaze linger on they for a final moment , and then hastily pull away . fade out . end of act III 1/9/03 57 . act_iv int . catter 's hyundai - day catter , in she gourmet courier t-shirt , jerkily drive the stick shift . Toby ride shot gun , with a big warmer - | bag full of food on she lap . . catter we have not do this in so long - toby {no love ) yeah . . catter remember that time you be deliver with I , and we deliver to Dean cain and we just stay there and eat all of that spring roll that we just deliver and - toby ( still no feel ) yeah . that be fun . catter look at Toby , nervous . catter be something wrong ? I mean , of course something 's wrong , you just call off you wedding - but I mean - toby I see you with he , catter . total uncomfortable silence , catter 's expression turn to horror . catter Toby , I - be - so - sorry . Jesus , Toby , I do not know what to tell you . toby tell I why . catter what ? toby tell I why - if you be my best friend - I drive over to find you hang out with wes on he balcony last night . . 1/9/03 58 . catter last night ? the color start to return to catter 's face . . catter ( cont 'd ) ( very relieved ) right . yes . last night . we be just - you know - just hang out . as friend . toby I know you be just friend . that 's not - the point . catter so , what exactly be the point ? Toby look at catter , take a breath , and let it out . toby you be suppose to pick I . catter what ? . toby in the split . you be suppose to pick I . we be friend in college before either of we even know wes . catter so , you go with the one you have know longer ? . toby yes . catter always ? in every circumstance ? toby I do not know , catter . but in this case , yes . this be a really weird time for I , and I need you support as my friend . catter look at Toby , and in one non- graceful move , inspiring a few honk , pull over to the curb and jame the car into park . ~ 1/9/03 59 . catter ok , here 's the thing , Toby . and I know this suck to hear , because it really suck to say , but I gotta be honest . I think you be make a huge mistake . toby what ? this be just wrong - catter wes be a great guy . and the life that you guy have build for yourselves , people dream about that shit . I can not | understand why you would just - chuck it . toby I should not have to defend myself to you . it just do not feel right , catter . that should be enough . it just do not feel right . catter * be you be still sure it be not right ? Toby consider this . although we see a little doubt start to creep in , she answer be : toby yes . I be sure . I be pretty sure . though neither catter or Toby seem totally convinced . int . wes 's apartment - afternoon wes sit on he couch , alone . he 's deep in think . he 's listen to the long open to '' at Dawn '' by my Morning jacket . as the song kick in , everything seem to slow down and he hear faint voice . he 's turn and see a younger wes and toby , sort of ghostlike , as if they be projected on the wall , struggle to carry a futon up the stair . Toby , go backwards , be very serious as she keep fall . younger wes can not stop laugh . in the bathroom - wes peer in , where he see Toby , stand behind young wes , die he hair . slim , now just a little kitten , run around on the sink , get dye all over himself . 1/9/03 . 60 . in the bedroom - wes walk up the stair go in , where all around he younger wes , with a windbreaker pull tight over he head , try unsuccessfully to shoo a bird out of the window . Toby hide in the closet and intermittently look out at the proceedings . the bird awoop all around the room , narrowly miss the ceiling fan and wes 's head . - in the live room - wes. then plop back down onto the right side of the couch . younger Toby and wes sit , cuddy up , on the leave side of the couch . older wes sit back and close he eye tightly . slowly , the song fade out , as do the image of Young Toby and wes .° then it 's silent . wes open he eye , and he seem - ok . the phone ring . wes go to pick it up . wes hello . yes , Daniel , of course , from interview . a beat . wes ( cont 'd ) wow - I be surprised . I mean , and thrilled . you have the authority to do that , right , just offer I the job ? right , of course you do . wow . wow . wes look around , and take a deep breath . int . rob and mollie 's apartment - day mollie sit at the breakfast room table , alone . Rob enter , in full scuba gear , grab himself a coke out of the fridge , and join she at the table . , mollie you can change at the pool , Rob . everybody change there . rob yeah . they make you wear that speedo under . no one need to see that . mollie well , I be not go today , anyway . rob because I will not change my clothes in front of other man at the jewish Community Center ? 1/9/03 61 . : mollie no. because we may as well admit it . it 's not go to work . I know pose as a marry couple be go to screw we . rob I feel like I should go change . Rob get up and start to waddle to the hallway . mollie you kill I under the sea . rob it be just practice . so now I will know how to not kill you under the gea . mollie it be suppose the be a test of how we could help one another and you suck . rob and you honestly want to break up over this ? mollie just look at he . mollie . you bail on I under there , Rob . rob I panicked , mollie . mollie well , how do I know you will not panic again ? and bail . like Toby do to wes . I do not think thac could ever happen to we , but maybe it can , Rob finally get it . he sit back down with she . rob mol , I love you . listen , it 's true - I be a terrible , frighten swimmer . and I '' a little neurotic about change in front of other man . and I guess '' can be a little cheap sometimes . but the point ig - I will never bail on you . Toby and wes could not make it work . and I be sorry about that . I really be . but we can . i have no doubt in my mind . this be it for I . 1/9/03 62 . mollie study he face . a big smile spread across she 's . split screen with : close on melissa - as she try to navigate she way down a steep driveway in heel . she 's really upset . : wes ( v.0 . ) so good luck , John . we go full screen to : ext . hollywood hill house - night . John , trail Melissa , finally catch up to she . toby { v.0 . ) the only thing we have leave to say to you be -- do not f*ck it up . JOHN Melissa , wait . what be go on ? melissa nothing . JOHN you be not piss ? melissa what ? nooo . I be just a little warm , so I think I no storm out of the party and down a hillside to get some fresh alr . she continue to storm away . JOHN you be piss because I tell my buddy what you do for a live ? melissa you think ? JOHN Melissa - melissa I actually start to believe that - I do not know - I be you girlfriend or something . ( more ) '' 1/9/03 63 . , melissa ( cont 'd ) but you just want to tell you little pal that it 's cool that you bring some '' hooker to a party . JOHN no . melissa then why do you tell he ? JOHN honestly ? because I think lie be worse . lying would mean I be ashamed to be with you . and that be so far from the truth . I be so proud to be with you - and I really do not give a shit what you " do for a live . she look at he , silent . he clearly mean what he 's say . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Melissa , we have know each other for five year . and I have meet a lot of woman in that five year . but I have always hold each of they up to this imaginary standard of beauty and wit and grace -- and not one of they have be able to measure up . and then one day I realize - that standard be not imaginary . that standard be you . I love you . and no one , no matter what she do for a ~ live , could ever compare . Melissa look at he - not sure whether she should smile or cry . she kinda do both . ext . wes 's ( & toby be ) apartment - night wes sit on the patio , smoking . Toby appear behind he . toby hey . I think there be strange bald smoking man loitering on you balcony . wes nope . just I . toby I , ummm , you know , I just stop by to get some of my stuff . Toby turn to go back inside . but stop . 1/9/03 : 64 . toby ( cont 'd ) I do not really come by to get my stuff . I mean partly , but not entirely . wes ok . toby do we make a mistake ? wes we? toby me. I - do I fuck it up ? . wes look at she for a very long time . wes no . I do not think you do . this be not the answer that Toby be expect . toby really ? wes measure he word . + wes tob , I have spend the last few day alone in this house . and every spoon or printer or doorknob have a story - we have like year of memory pack into every square inch . but the more I think - the more I realize that 's all I think about - the past . and what we have be perfect . for then . but it might not be perfect for now . Toby look at wes - he really mean this . wes ( cont 'd ) we grow up together . we have always have each other . but I do not think either of we ever get to see what it would be like - what we would be like - if we do not have that . toby right . that 's what Z be try to tell you before . vf 1/9/03 . 65 . wes but now you be go back on it ? toby I be get scared . wes I be scared , too . Toby sit down as the two of they silently contemplate this admission . . wes ( cont 'd ) . Toby - I get a job offer today . toby wow . well , god - congratulation . God - that be - fast , but - wes I do not want it . toby well , then keep on . look for something better . wes I want to keep work with you , you dork . toby oh. ok . how , umm , how be that go to work , with we ? wes it just will . you be my best friend . Toby smile . toby yes . wes which be why I be go to tell you -- catter kiss I . toby come again ? wes catter kiss I . she apclogize . everyone think she be just - 1/9/03 66 . . toby everyone ? wes Paul , Rob , mollie , you know - tory everyone know ? wes they do not want to upset you , tob . toby but you do not mind ? wes look at she , and smile genuinely . wes of course I mind . but until further notice , you . be still the one I be go to tell everything to . Toby smile . as they sit in silence , wes hand she the cigarette and she take a pull off of it . toby who be we without each other ? wes take the cigarette back . wes I do not know . but we be about to find out . Toby give a smile and lay she head on wes 's shoulder . int . HOTEL room - night Melissa lay in bed , peacefully asleep . we find John , dress , straighten he tie by the foot of the bed . he move over to Melissa , kiss she on the forehead . he then pull out a envelope from he jacket pocket and place it on the nightstand . he look at she one last time and ieave . as he shut the door , Melissa stir . she turn over to find John go and the envelope on the nightstand . her peacefulness be quickly overtaken by sadness . she slowly reach over and take the envelope . 1/9/03 . 67 . she open it warily , and pull out a velvet pouch . curious , she reach in and pull out a huge engagement ring . she grasp it tightly , relieved and ecstatic . she lay back down - a smile spread across she face . int . paul ‘s house - night a view from outside Paul 's big bay window . Inside we can see the group gather - Paul , catter , Rob and mollie - all sit in the kitchen , eat dinner . Paul 's continually up and down , fill people 's glass with wine . they be have fun but the group seem - small . int . wes 's ( & tory 's s) apartment - night wes and Toby be in the live room - she 's pack up box , he 's lay on the couch watch tv . she plop on the floor and start watch too . on tv - they be watch the video from they rehearsal _ dinner . the still picture montage - they life up until this point . wes and Toby watch this , together . not happy , not sad , just ready for what 's to come . fade out . end_of show