spotlight written by josh Singer & Tom mccarthy int . police station , boston - night , 1976 a quiet , cold winter night . a older cop emerge from a interview room , walk down a long hall . Boston , ma - December , 1976 he reach the front desk . a young cop look to he , curious , as he light a cigarette . young cop how 's that go ? older cop the mother 's bawling and the uncle 's piss off . young cop she 's not marry ? older cop divorce with four kid . I guess Father be help out . young cop helping out ? the older cop shrug . the front door open and burke , fresh face , 32 , walk in . he wear a dark overcoat . older cop hey , Mr. burke . they be in the back talk to the Bishop . burke and Father ? the older cop nod in the other direction . older cop we put he in the break room . burke any press ? older cop some guy from the citizen , but we send he away . none of the big papers . burke let 's keep it that way . burke walk toward the interview room . 11/26/14 2. young cop ( off burke ) who 's that ? older cop Assistant da . young cop gonna be hard to keep the papers away from the arraignment . older cop what arraignment ? he 's matter of fact . the young cop react , look towards the priest ( geoghan ) sit in the break room . older cop ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) you can tell Father geoghan it will not be much longer . omitted 2 int . police station , interview room - moment later 3 a bishop , 5as , talk in hushed tone with sheila , 33 . two boy , 7 and 9 , sit coloring . bishop Sheila , you know what good work the church do in the community . I give you my personal guarantee that I be go to take Father out of the parish and this will never happen again . burke enter , eye Sheila nervously finger rosary bead . bishop ( cont 'd ) we will just be another moment , Paul . burke of course , Father . the Bishop turn back to Sheila . burke eye the kid . bishop ( 0.c . ) now Sheila , I be go to give you my personal card ... 11/26/14 3 . ext . police station - later 4 the Young cop stand outside smoking . he watch as the Bishop and Father geoghan exit the police station and get into a town car , a driver behind the wheel . as they drive away , we hold on the cop . processing . fade to black . spotlight fade in : int . boston globe , newsroom - day , 2001 6 a large newsroom . reporter and editor gather . Boston , ma - July , 2001 deputy managing editor BEN bradlee jr. , 5as , gruff , stand in front with a older reporter , stewart , 60 . and a cake . BEN lose good reporter , it 's tough . and lose one of we best ... well to put it as eloquently as I can , it 's a real kick in the ass . a few polite chuckle from that in the crowd . BEN ( cont 'd ) but robby 's know Stewart longer than most of you have be alive so I be gonna turn it over to he . robby ? Ben look to walter ' robby 's robinson , 55 , Boston everyman . robby thanks , Ben . I think . and although I take issue with the reference to my seniority , I will say Stewart 's departure be especially painful for I . you see , for ... what ? 20 year now , Stewart 's be more than willing to part with he money at the poker table ... ( laughter ) and I get a kid in college . more laughter . stewart yeah , but I be gonna keep play . of 11/26/14 4. robby Problem solve . godspeed , buddy . everyone 's laugh now . robby connect in a warm , easy way . robby ( cont 'd ) now , Stewart , I find the timing of you departure a bit disconcert . the corner office sit empty , the new editor arrive on Monday , so forgive I , buddy , but I gotta ask ... what the hell do you know ? the room hoot and laugh . Stewart cover he mouth . speak no evil . more laughter take we to ... int . globe , hall / stairwell - later 7 sacha pfeiffer , 28 , wholesome , no bullshit , and matt carroll , mid 40s , mustache , family man , walk down the hall , into a stairwell and down a set of stair , both carry cake . int . globe , hall outside spotlight - moment later 7a they emerge on the floor below , sacha eat she cake . matt how 's the cake ? sacha it 's really good . save yours ? matt Nah , it 's for Mike . I can never eat at that thing . they kind of depress I . sacha I know . ( take a bite ) you see the number from Washington ? matt yeah . very interesting . sacha I think so too . they walk into -- int . globe , spotlight office - continuous 8 cramped office . small window . mike rezende , late 30 , good look , so -so haircut , sit at he unholy mess of a desk . 11/26/14 5 . mike ( into phone ) uh huh . uh huh . uh huh . Dan , I talk to my guy at justice , I know you guy have be drop case ... ( then ) look , Dan , I be not ask if the PD 's lie , I know they be . all I be ask be who 's behind it ? Matt set the cake by Mike , sit at a desk full of family photo . sacha check message at a tidy desk , full of book . mike ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) I get it . you do not want to talk . ( listen ) I be not mad , Dan , I be hungry . we have be talk so long , I miss lunch . so I be go to go eat , which give you a hour to decide if you want to be on the right side of this or read about it in the paper like everyone else . Mike hang up the phone , dig into the cake . sacha you think cahill 's get something ? mike maybe , I just do not think this story 's for we . matt Ben like it . mike yeah , it 's not bad , it 's just not spotlight . robby enter . robby what 's just not spotlight ? sacha mike the PD number . the number story . it feel thin . robby ( cont 'd ) oh. you get cahill to talk ? mike ( bust ) no . but I will . 11/26/14 6. robby good . then we will know if it 's thin . robby go into he office , bit of a edge to he . mike how would it go upstairs ? matt okay . robby give a good speech . sacha I hear lubin and connor be go to the Times . matty mike come on , really ? yeah , I hear the same thing . matt they be leeching we . mike at least they be send we a guy from Miami to run thing . that should help . matt have Baron even spend time in Boston ? mike I do not think he 's ever be here before . maybe we should buy he a map . sacha I have a friend down at the Herald , say Baron cut 15 % of the staff . matt great . Mike roll he chair back , call out to robby in he office . mike hey robby , the new boss come in to make cut ? robby I have no idea . mike be not you sit down with he ? robby look up , fuck rezende , always snooping . 10 11/26/14 7. robby yes , I be . mike you think it 's about spotlight ? robby I do not know , Mike , but I do know Ben need a answer on the crime number story . mike I be tell you , I really do not think that story 's for we . robby so you do get cahill to talk then ? Mike , annoyed , wheel back to he desk , pick up he phone ... int . four season HOTEL , restaurant - later 10 marty sit at a table read '' the curse of the bambino , '' a notepad beside he . robby Mr. Baron . marty look up and rise to greet robby . robby ( cont 'd ) walter Robinson . robby . marty thanks for take time out of you weekend , robby . robby my pleasure . ( they sit ) what be you read ? marty hold up a book . marty ' the curse of the bambino . 's robby ( sit ) that 's a great book . the Globe have season ticket at Fenway , once you settle in . 11/26/14 marty thank you . uh , to be honest , I be not much of a baseball fan . I be just try to get a feel for city . be you originally from Boston ? robby I be , bear and raise . a lot of the newsroom be from here . it really feel like a local paper in that way . marty and do that change at all after the paper be sell to the Times ? robby no . I do not think that have a big impact . marty good . ( then ) so , you be a editor for , uh , the spotlight team ? robby I prefer to think of myself as more of a player - coach . but yes . be you familiar with spotlight ? marty no . not particularly . robby well , we be a four person investigative team . we report to Ben bradlee Jr. and we keep we work confidential . marty what be you work on now ? robby we just put out a piece on this shoddy construction outfit and right now we be trolling around for we next story . marty how long do that typically take ? robby hard to say . a couple of month . 12 a 13 11/26/14 9. marty a couple of month . robby yeah , we do not like to rush it . once we settle on a project , we can spend a year or more investigate it . marty jot down some note . robby see he 's write a lot . robby ( cont 'd ) be that a concern ? marty not necessarily . uh , but from what I understand readership be down , the Internet be cut into the classify business and , uh , I think , uh , I be go to have to take a hard look at thing . robby so you anticipate more cut ? marty I would assume so , yes , but what I be more focus on right now be find a way to make this paper essential to its reader . robby I would like to think it already be . marty Fair enough . I just think we can do better . off robby -- ext . boston globe - day 12a the front of the Globe . marty get out of a cab , shut the door . he walk inside . int . globe , newsroom - day 13 Ben stride across the newsroom . robby fall in . robby Mr. bradlee . 14 11/26/14 10 . BEN hey . saw the email on the PD number . look interesting . robby yeah . there 's something there . BEN how much longer you need ? robby another week . BEN ( realize ) where be you go ? robby to the 10:30 . BEN you ? since when ? robby technically , I be a editor . BEN technically . you sit -down with Baron go that well ? robby I could not get a read on he . BEN that 's a first . robby how ' bout you ? BEN ( shrug ) he 's a barrel of laugh . int . globe , large conference room - later 14 editor around a horseshoe table , side seat fill . it 's quiet , nervous eye on marty , who read some note . Ben and editor helen donovan , 5as , to either side . robby sit off to the side , watching . helen donovan Morning everyone . let 's get start . do you want to say something , marty ? 15 16 11/26/14 11 . marty uh , sure . ( to the group ) hello . as most of you know by now , my name be marty Baron , I be delighted to be here . if you can tell I you name as we go around , that would be helpful . marty look back to he note . helen dononvan okay . Peter ? Ben nod to metro editor peter canellos , 40s . canellos Peter canellos , Metro . we have get a major Big dig closure that 's just be schedule for early August ... marty make note . off Ben and robby , trading a look . int . globe , newsroom - later 15 Mike , cuppa coffee , walk over to steve kurkjian 's desk . 60 . mike hey Steve . crappy game last night . kurkjian they can not hit worth a nickle . Mike look toward the conference room of editor . mike what 's eileen McNamara do in the 10:30 ? kurkjian do you need something , Mike ? mike no. just curious . kurkjian I get work to do . go be curious somewhere else , will you ? int . globe , large conference room - later 16 the meeting be wrapping up . laughter . 11/26/14 12. sport editor .-- and it look like pedro 's gonna be out until September lst . Jimmy say he will be back this year , but the doc do not seem so sure . BEN when 's the pat opener ? except marty . marty be that everyone ? helen yes , that 's it . marty great , thank you . uh , do everyone read eileen McNamara 's column this weekend ? the room react . huh ? editor look at eileen mcnamara , 5as . helen that 's the geoghan case ? marty yes , what 's the folo on that ? BEN it 's a column , what kind of folo be you think ? marty well , apparently this priest molest kid in six different parish over the last thirty year and the attorney for the victim , Mr ... eileen garabedian . marty thanks , eileen . Mr. garabedian say cardinal Law find out about it fifteen year ago and do nothing . canellos I think that attorney 's a bit of a crank . and the Church dismiss the claim . 11/26/14 13 . eileen he say , she say . marty whether Mr. garabedian be a crank or not , he say he have document that prove the cardinal know . BEN as I understand it , that document be under seal . silence . no one know what to do . robby watch . marty okay , but the fact remain , we have a Boston priest abuse 80 kid , we have get a lawyer who say he have proof Law know about it , and we have write all of ... ( check he note ) ... two storey on this in the last six month ? ( then ) this strike I as a essential story for a local paper . at the very least , we should be go after that document . canellos how would you like to do that ? marty well , I do not know what the law be here , but in Florida we would go to court . robby raise a eyebrow . in fact , the whole room do . BEN you want to sue the church ? marty technically we would not sue the Church . we would file a motion to lift the seal on that document . BEN the church will read that as we suing they . so will everybody else . marty good to know . 11/26/14 14 . off robby , intrigue -- 17 int . globe , BEN 's office - later 17 Ben and robby walk into Ben 's office . robby gutsy call for the first day . BEN that 's one word for it . robby how do you think it 's gonna play down front ? BEN I think Gilman 's gonna shit a brick . knock . knock . Mike 's at the door . mike hey . BEN door . Mike shut the door , look at robby . mike how would it go ? robby Baron want to sue for the seal doc in the geoghan case . mike he want to sue the church ? that 's great . BEN we cover geoghan when the story break three year ago . Baron be still in Miami . robby ( needle Ben ) I think he be at the Times then . BEN he be not here . mike you think the suit have a chance ? 11/26/14 15 . robby depend on the judge . BEN and what parish he belong to . Ben 's phone ring . Ben pick it up . BEN ( cont 'd ) bradlee . yeah . okay . ( hang up , to robby ) Baron want to talk to we . robby we ? off robby , surprised -- 18 int . globe , marty 's office - moment later 18 Ben and robby enter . marty 's on the phone . marty ( into phone ) okay , thank you . yes . okay , thanks . marty hang up as they sit . marty ( cont 'd ) I set up a meeting for tomorrow with outside counsel ... BEN jon albano ? marty yeah . BEN who 's the judge on this case ? marty uh , constance sweeney . BEN tough . marty why 's that ? BEN good Catholic girl . marty push on . 11/26/14 16 . marty judge from what I have read , it do not seem like we have do a thorough investigation of the geoghan case . be that right ? BEN no it 's not . we look hard at geoghan . David armstrong for Metro and Michael paulson for religion . marty be not impressed . marty okay , but , uh , just so I understand , beyond we daily coverage , we have not commit any long term investigative resource to the question of whether or not cardinal Law know about this ? BEN no , we have not . marty ( to robby ) and that 's the kind of thing you team do ? robby spotlight ? well , yeah , but we be still prospect the Boston PD story I tell you about . marty could you set it aside ? robby we could . BEN marty , in the past , spotlight have have success in large part because they pick they own project . marty would you consider pick this one ? 19 int . globe , spotlight office - later 19 Mike , sacha , Matt all work . sacha on the phone . 11/26/14 17 . sacha ( into phone ) I do not know if he 's write about you but I will let he know you call . okay . bye . sacha hang up as robby enter . mike hey , how have it go ? robby okay . Baron want we to scrub the geoghan case . mike that 's great . matty do not we cover geoghan ? robby ( cont 'd ) there 's a lawyer alleging cardinal Law know about it . sacha Mitch garabedian , right ? I cover he at the courthouse . robby can you get to he ? sacha I only interview he once . he 's kind of a character . mike I like character . I '’11 take he . robby he 's yours . also , we should talk to the lawyer who rep the victim in the porter case . Eric macleish . matt that guy be always on tv . sacha the porter case ? remind I ? mike Father porter , similar story , molest dozen of kid in fall River about ten year ago . matt so we be drop the Boston PD ? 20 21 11/26/14 18. mike I vote yes . robby no , we be just set it aside for now . I do not need to tell you guy , we need to be more discreet than usual . everybody 's gonna be interested in this , not just the Herald . I do not want the chancery get wind of this before we know what we have . matt good luck with that . they reach for phone and computer , robby leave they to it . ext . sacha 's grandmother 's house , southie - night 20 the quiet street dip down , disappear into the harbour . sacha and hansi get out of they car , cross the street . int . sacha 's grandmother 's house , dine room - night 21 a cozy dining room . sacha , she grandmother and she husband hansi finish dinner . sacha 's grandmother wear a gold cross . sacha when be you leave , nana ? nana the bus be pick we up in the church parking lot at nine o'clock . we have forty people go . sacha be Father dominic go ? nana no . he say , he 's very unlucky . but luck have nothing to do with it . hansi can not help but smile . sacha nana win a hundred and sixty dollar last time . hansi wow . 22 23 24 11/26/14 19 . int . sacha 's grandmother' house , kitchen - night 22 hansi and sacha wash dish . they talk quietly . hansi you gonna tell she ? sacha we do not even know if there 's a story yet . hansi '' Globe sue church ? '' there 's gonna be a story . sacha continue rinsing , glance at the small , porcelain virgin Mary on the window sill above the sink . int . globe , large publisher 's foyer - day 23 marty ascend a large , open air staircase in the upscale business side of the building . he step off , head down the hall then stop , look around . lose in he own building . a young employee walk past . marty Excuse I , do you know where the publisher 's office be ? the employee point . marty head that direction . int . globe , publisher 's office - day 24 richard gilman , 5as , brook Brothers suit , finish a call . marty be sit on a couch in large , plush office opposite . gilman ( into phone ) thanks , Tom . will do . ( hang up , to marty ) how be you , marty ? settle in ? marty yes , I think so . gilman good . what can I do for you ? marty I would like to challenge the protective order in the geoghan case . gilman you want to sue the Catholic Church ? 24 a 24b 11/26/14 20 . marty we be just filing a motion . but yes . gilman you think it 's that important ? marty yes . I do . gilman because , obviously , the Church will fight we very hard on this . which will not go unnotice by we subscriber base . 53 % of they be Catholic . marty uh , I think they will be interested . Gilman consider for a long moment , look unsettle . gilman okay . marty nod , get up to go . gilman ( cont 'd ) marty ? Lake Street will probably contact you about a face to face with the cardinal . it 's customary . marty they already have . it 's set up for next week . gilman I would not mention this . int . globe - day 24 a Matt walk down a row of cubicle , disappear down a spiral staircase . int . boston globe library - continuous 24b Matt descend the staircase and arrive at the front desk . matt hey Lisa . could you pull all the relevant clip on that for I ? he hand she a sheet of paper . she look at it . react . lisa yeah . this be for spotlight ? 25 26 27 28 11/26/14 21. matt just drop they off when they be ready , thanks . Matt walk off . int . mitchell garabedian 's office - day 25 Mike step off a elevator and into a dump of a office . he eye a small reception desk cover with file box . mike hello . hello ? Mike peek through a open door ... a small office , cramme floor to ceiling with box , each with geoghan write on it . paralegal can I help you ? Mike turn . a paralegal poke she head out of a cubicle . mike oh. hi. I be Mike rezende from the Boston Globe . I be here to see Mitchell garabedian . paralegal he 's on a call . please have a seat . Mike grab a seat , check he watch . he hear yelling come from behind a close door . garabedian ? int . one INTERNATIONAL place , lobby - day 26 robby and sacha stride across a enormous , marble and stone lobby , a stark contrast to garabedian 's dig . omitted 27 int . greenberg traurig , conference room - day 28 eric macleish , 40s , good look , quick with a story and a smile , walk into the posh room , find sacha and robby . eric macleish the famous walter Robinson in my conference room . macleish and robby shake hand . 11/26/14 22. robby good to see you again , Eric . sacha pfeiffer , Eric macleish . eric macleish Nice to meet you . do you play golf ? sacha ( catch off guard ) uh , no . eric macleish good . you colleague take some money off I at a charity event last year . robby lucky putt . I actually have my eye close . macleish smile . chummy . eric macleish so , how can I help you ? robby you be familiar with the geoghan case ? eric macleish sure . eighty plaintiff . all individual case , garabedian must be swim . robby and the allegation against cardinal Law ? macleish consider the question . eric macleish look , it 's tricky . you need to understand this be shitty case . the statute of limitation be only 3 year and most of this victim do not come forward until long after that . sacha why be that ? 29 11/26/14 23. eric macleish they be kid . shame . guilt . and they come from tough neighborhood , nobody want to admit this kind of thing . so you be screw on the time limit and even if you argue you way around that , the charitable immunity statute cap damage at twenty grand . sacha twenty grand for molest a child ? eric macleish that 's the way the system work . the Church be tough . so you best shot be to try this case in the press like I do on porter . but most victim want nothing to do with be on tv . and Mitch be not exactly a people person . robby so if garabedian can not get this victim to talk to the press ... eric macleish then he have a long road ahead of he . my guess ? he do not have anything on Law . sacha you think he 's bluff ? eric macleish I think he 's grandstand to cut a better deal . robby seem a bit reckless . eric macleish have you meet Mitch garabedian ? int . garabedian 's office - later 29 Mike , still wait , check he watch . he hear more yelling behind the door . suddenly the door open . a short man exit . Mike look at the paralegal , point : '' be that he ? '' she shake she head , walk off screen . Mike watch she go . then , impatient , he stand , walk into -- 11/26/14 24 . 30 int . garabedian 's office , conference room - continuous 30 a small boardroom . mitchell garabedian , thin , 5as , sit ata table bury in paperwork . he 's abrasive , to say the least . mike hi. garabedian who be you ? mike Mike rezende from the Boston Globe . I have a appointment with you about a hour ago . garabedian I can not talk to you , I be very busy . ( call to reception ) Sharon ?! mike Sharon go out for coffee , she say she would be right back , I be follow up on a article ... garabedian the one in the Phoenix ? mike no . in the Globe . garabedian do you see the one in the Phoenix ? mike no , I do not . garabedian I think it be very good . I have a copy here somewhere . he start to dig through the heap of papers . mike that 's okay . i’1l track it down . I be actually follow up on a column that eileen McNamara write for the Globe about you suit . garabedian suit . there be eighty - four of they , it 's not a class action . you should get you fact straight . 11/26/14 25 . true to word . garabedian be a bit of crank . mike you be right . I should . I be just try to get some background information on the geoghan case ... garabedian you be not recording this be you ? mike no , I would not do that without ask . garabedian ( brusque ) I can not show you the Church document if that 's what you be after , they be under seal . mike I know that . garabedian do you know they have try to bring I before the Massachusetts board of bar overseer three time ? they be watch I very closely . mike the Church ? garabedian yes , the Church . they would like to get I disbarre . in fact , put that away . ( off Mike 's pad ) put it away ! I do not want you recording this in any way , shape or form . not on paper , not on tape , nothing . in fact , I probably should not even be speak to you . mike look , Mr. garabedian , I know there be thing you can not tell I . but I also know that there 's a story here . and I think it 's a important story . garabedian I already talk to the Phoenix . 11/26/14 26 . mike yeah , and there 's a reason I do not see it , nobody read the Phoenix anymore . they be break , they do not have any power . the Globe do . and if we cover this story , everybody will hear about it . garabedian the Church think in century , Mr. rezende . you think you paper have the resource to take that on ? mike yeah , I do . but if you do not mind I ask , do you ? Mike 's question be non-threatening , but garabedian react . he stand , walk Mike to the door ... garabedian I do not have the time to talk to you , Mr. rezende , I be very busy . ( call out ) Sharon ! but before he can push Mike out the door , Mike turn back -- mike can I at least talk to some of you client ? the victim ? I have like to do that . garabedian call I tomorrow . I need to think about it . int . globe , library - day 31 button be push , control panel light up . rotate library clip file come to stop . few old newspaper clip be pull . folder from the large photo clip file be pull . nexis search on a computer screen . Micro fiche search on another screen . > pp pp pp sp pp yp printer spit out the Micro fiche article . 32 33 11/26/14 27 . the print out out be add to a stack of article and drop into a file mark porter . int . globe , hallway - later 32 close on the same file . move . reveal the folder be now one of many on a metal cart that a intern ( wanda ) wheel down the hall . int . globe , spotlight office - later 33 a desk cover with old newspaper clip , Matt and sacha read . a knock ... wanda in the door . with the metal cart . wanda I get more clip from the library . matt leave ‘em right there . wanda the intern unload they beside Matt 's desk . wanda you guy do a story on the Church ? matt no . we be not do a story on the Church . wanda blanch , leave . robby pour some coffee . sacha Matt , you find anything on this guy phil saviano ? matt no . who be he ? sacha he 's part of a victim 's organization . kurkjian run a story on he just after the porter case . robby there 's a victim 's organization ? sacha yeah , it 's call SNAP , Survivors Network of that abuse by Priests . matt crummy acronym . 11/26/14 28. sacha you want I to track he down ? robby yeah . bring he in . how much longer do you need to get through the clip ? sacha a few day . there 's a lot and Lisa 's still send stuff up . most of it be on porter . matt hey guy ... I think I get another priest . robby and sacha turn . Matt stare down at a clip . matt ( cont 'd ) liam Barrett . molested some kid in Philly then be move to Boston , do the same thing then be move again . sacha really ? sound like geoghan . robby be that one of we clip ? matt yeah . byline 's Diego ribadeneira , 1997 . must have be back when he be work religion . robby be there any folo ? matt not much . one short piece . look like the Church settle the case . ( then ) do not you know Jim Sullivan ? robby yeah , why ? matt look like the Church bring he in to help out . Matt show robby the clip . robby read , surprised . 34 34a 11/26/14 29 . ext . fenway park - night 34 establish . from up above , a game in progress . int . fenway park - night 34a Mike and Matt sit with Ben and Steve kurkjian at the game . a call third strike and the crowd groan . BEN Jesus . have anybody but manny get the ball out of the infield ? Matt , who 's be scoring the game , check . matt nope . mike I do not know why you bother with that thing . matt it distract I from the game . kurkjian know what else be good for that ? kurkjian hold up a empty beer cup . Matt stand . matt good idea . my round . I x11 be back . anybody want food ? mike hot dog . Matt head off . Ben grab some peanut , turn to Mike . BEN you guy make any progress ? mike absolutely . it 's a good story . BEN why ? Cause you be another lapse Catholic piss off at the Church ? mike we have get some good stuff . BEN like what ? 11/26/14 30 . Mike glance over at kurkjian . kurkjian I be just watch the game . omerta . mike we get another priest , liam Barrett . kurkjian we report on he . ( off Mike 's look ) we do , I be just say . mike okay , but the guy be shuffle from parish to parish every few year , just like geoghan and porter . I think there 's a pattern . Ben look at kurkjian , who 's not impressed . BEN sound thin . what else you get ? mike sacha find this guy from a victim 's organization , phil saviano . kurkjian from SNAP ? oh boy . we report on he too . mike I think you be watch the game , Steve ? kurkjian that guy 's pretty bang up , Mike . BEN we run a couple storey on he , the guy would not stop write letter . kurkjian he want a holy war . mike so he 's not worth take to ? BEN where be you on garabedian ? mike I be work on it . 37 38 11/26/14 31 . BEN robby say macleish think he 's bluff . mike I think there 's something there , Ben . BEN get I something solid or I be take you off it . I do not want we chase we tail on this . off Mike -- ext . wollaston golf club , 8 th tee , milton , ma - day 37 jim sullivan , 5as , line up a tee shot . smack it . robby and two other golfers watch as Jim talk to he ball ... jim stay away from that trap . robby you could not reach that trap ina million year , partner . one of the other golfer ( paul ) tee up he ball . jim I have reach that trap before . robby yeah . now Paul , maybe . the group laugh . ext . wollaston golf club , 8 th hole fairway - day 38 robby and Jim walk down the fairway . robby check the card . jim how we do ? robby we be good . we be two up . jim good . ( then ) how 's the new editor work out ? 11/26/14 32 . robby well , he do not like baseball . but he seem like a smart guy . jim yeah , I just read a article about he . Said he 's the first jewish editor at the Globe . robby must have be a slow news day . jim he get a family ? robby no , he 's not marry . jim divorce ? robby do not think so . jim so the new editor of the Boston Globe be a unmarried man of the jewish faith who hate baseball ? robby half smile , shrug . jim ( cont 'd ) they should have give it to Ben . he 's a bradlee for cry out loud . robby he do not raise he hand fast enough . ( then ) by the way , I be read about this priest , Father Barrett . Said you be involved in the case . Jim react , surprised . jim Barrett , yeah . bad egg . Lake Street ask for help , I pitch in . robby the victim say cardinal Law know about Barrett when he come from Philly . 11/26/14 33 . jim you know I can not talk about the case , robby . robby off the record ? jim off the record , I can not talk about it . be this related to the lawsuit ? now robby hide he surprise . he stop . robby you hear about that ? jim look , I do not know this guy Baron or what he agenda be and frankly I do not care , I just do not want you take a bullet for he . Jim head off toward he ball . off robby , processing . 39 int . barbara 's car , wollaston parking lot - later 39 robby get in . she pull off . barbara how have you play ? robby not too bad . shoulda leave my putter at home . barbara how 's Jimmy ? robby good . he bring up the suit . barbara really ? what have he say ? robby he be thrilled about it . barbara it 's not a surprise , robby . the Church do a lot a good in this town . robby nod , but something about that do not sit right . 40 4l 42 42a 43 44 45 46 11/26/14 34 . ext . matt carroll 's house , west roxbury - sunday morning 40 Matt , in coat and tie , shepherd he family out the door and into a minivan . his wife and daughter wear dress , he son be in blue blazer and khakis -- clearly en route to church . priest ( prelap ) the other day I be on the world wide web . anything you want to know . it 's right there . int . church , southie - day 41 Sunday mass . full house . a priest mid homily . in back , find sacha , she husband , hansi , and she grandmother . priest now as a priest , I admit , this make I a little nervous . should I be worried about job security ? sacha watch she grandmother laugh with the congregation . ext . church / int . diner , south boston - day 42 congregant milling outside a church . priest ( 0.c . ) I do not think so . you see knowledge be one thing . but faith be another . find marty , sit in a diner across the street , eat breakfast and read . he glance at the church . ext . old harbor , dorchester - day 42a Mike , in run gear , run along the water . omitted 43 int . globe , newsroom - later 44 Mike walk through the mostly empty newsroom . int . globe , spotlight office - day 45 Mike walk in , grab a gym bag by he desk , pull out a towel when he spot ... robby . sitting in he office . work . int . globe , robby 's office - moment later 46 robby 's look over some of the clip Matt pull . 11/26/14 35 . mike hey . should not you be golf ? robby look up . Mike 's in the door , towel around he neck . robby golfing 's not a verb . and I could not get a tee time today . mike be that what they call it ? a tee time ? robby they also call it a leisure activity . you should try it , Mike . mike I run . robby you run to work . Mike shrug , true . he eye the clip on robby 's desk . mike so what be you do here today ? robby look at clip . on saviano . mike Ben and Steve think he 's a dead end . they give I a bunch of crap about it at the game . robby yeah , Ben email I . mike he do ? robby yeah . he say we should let it go . mike what do you wanna do ? robby bring saviano in . mike so just ignore that guy ? 47 48 11/26/14 36 . robby I think we have to start ignore everybody on this one . mike I be good with that . ( then ) you think Baron have any idea what 's come down the Pike ? robby no . I do not think he care either . mike that 's refresh . robby yeah . unless he 's wrong . Mike register this . ext . lake STREET , cardinal 's residence - day 47 a audi a4 pull up in a large parking lot . marty get out , look up at the cardinal 's massive lake STREET mansion . cardinal law ( prelap ) I have always be fascinate with the newspaper business . int . lake STREET , cardinal law' private study - day 48 mahogany bookshelve , leather furniture . cardinal law , large , 5as , wear a collar and sit across from marty . cardinal law I use to sit in on lecture with the nieman fellow when I be at Harvard . marty I , uh , read you be a editor once . Law chuckle . cardinal law yes . a very long time ago . the Mississippi Register . small , diocesan newspaper , but for a 30 - year - old pastor it be a big responsibility . too much at time . marty how so ? 49 49 k 11/26/14 37 . cardinal law I be close with the ever brother , we take a stand on civil rights . we readership be not pleased . they see I as a meddle outsider . marty I can imagine . cardinal law tough seat to sit in , especially in a small town . I think you 'il find Boston 's a small town too , marty , in many way . but if I can be of any help , do not hesitate to ask . I find that this city flourish when its great institution work together . marty uh , thank you . personally I be of the opinion that for the paper to best perform its function it need to , uh , stand alone . Law react , surprised -- the rebuff almost feel unwarranted . cardinal law of course , but my offer stand . a knock on the door . cardinal law ( cont ’d ) come in . a secretary slip in with a wrapped gift . cardinal law ( cont ’d ) oh. thank you , Maureen . a little gift , marty . think of it as a cardinal 's guide to Boston . Law hand the gift to marty . who look at it . bemuse . int . marty 's car ( parked ) , lake STREET - later 49 marty get into to he car . he sit , unwrap the gift . a thick book , the catechism of the catholic church . off marty -- int . globe , lobby - day 49 k a man ( saviano ) carry a large BOX walk up to reception . saviano I be here to see sacha pfeiffer ? 50 11/26/14 38 . guard name ? saviano phil saviano . guard okay , just a minute . the guard pick up the phone , call upstairs . int . globe , robby 's office - day 50 the entire team sit in robby 's small sit area face phil saviano . phil be mid -40s , thin and twitchy . he 's get a medium size BOX in front if he . he rifle through some papers on he lap . saviano so be I the first survivor you have talk to ? robby yes , phil . you be . saviano okay , well , first of all , let I say thank you for have I in today . I want you to know that you have the full cooperation of my organization , SNAP . sacha how many member be there in you organization , phil ? saviano we have eleven at we last chapter meeting . no ten . Karen just move . robby there be a woman in you group ? saviano of course there be a woman . they do not discriminate , not when it come to abuse . and this have nothing to do with be gay . what this be , be priest use the collar to rape kid . kid . boy and girl . he reach into a file , pull a photo of himself as a kid . 11/26/14 saviano ( cont ’d ) I be eleven . I be prey upon by Father David holley in worcester . and I do not mean pray for . I mean prey upon . be any of you Catholic ? the whole team look at each other . good question . matt I be raise Catholic but now I go to my wife 's presbyterian church . sacha I be lapse but I go to church with my grandmother sometimes . robby it 's safe to say we be all raise Catholic but now ... mike not so much . saviano okay . well , let I tell you , when you be a poor kid from a poor family , religion count for a lot . and when a priest pay attention to you it 's a big deal . he ask you to collect the hymnal or take out the trash , you feel special . it 's like God ask for help . and maybe it 's a little weird when he tell you a dirty joke but now you get a secret together so you go along . then he show you a porno mag , and you go along . and you go along , and you go along , until one day he ask you to jerk he off or give he a blow job . and so you go along with that too . because you feel trap . because he have groom you . how do you say no to God , right ? this land . saviano ( cont ’d ) see , it 's important to understand that this be not just physical abuse , it 's spiritual abuse too . when priest do this to you , he rob you of you faith . ( more ) 39 . 11/26/14 40 . saviano ( cont ’d ) so you reach for the bottle or the needle or if that do not work , you jump off a bridge . that 's why we call ourselves survivor . the team stare , gobsmack . phil pull a book from the box . we be not saviano ( cont ’d ) have you read Jason Berry 's book ? he write about the gauthe case in Louisiana ? robby sacha familiar . that 's g-u ... saviano ( cont ’d ) g-a-u-t-h-e . and talk to Richard sipe . he work in one of the Church 's ' treatment 's center , he 's a ex-priest , marry a nun . ( pull out a file ) here , this be he testimony from the Kos case . sacha phil , what 's a treatment center ? saviano it 's where they send priest when they get catch . this be all right here in the box , I send it all to you guy five year ago . robby to the Globe ? who would you send it to ? saviano I do not wanna say who , but they say they be not interested . matt but phil , we do run a couple of storey on you . I see they in the clip . saviano yeah but to be completely frank , it be not enough ! robby and Mike trade a look as phil take a packet out of the box overflow with tatter clip , article and data CD . 11/26/14 41 . saviano ( cont ’d ) you guy gotta understand , this be big . it 's not just Boston , it 's the whole country , the whole world . and it go right up to the vatican . mike do you have any proof of that , phil ? saviano no , not yet , but think about it , there be so many of they , how else could they have hide it for so long ? mike so many what ? saviano Priests ! I know of thirteen right here in Boston . robby you know of thirteen priest who have molest child in Boston ? saviano yeah . why do you keep repeat everything I say ? robby I just like to clarify thing . saviano maybe you should have clarify it five year ago when I send you all this stuff ! it 's all right here . phil 's sudden anger catch the room off guard . he stare at the box , try to pull himself together . saviano ( cont ’d ) May I use you bathroom ? matt yeah . sure , phil. come on . Matt lead phil out . a beat . Mike quickly start shuffle through the packet . sacha what do you think ? 11/26/14 42. robby he 's get a agenda , that 's for sure . mike sacha you think ? he 's obviously be through a lot . sacha but he 's smart and if he 's right about thirteen priest ... robby might be a big ' if 's with this guy . ( then to sacha ) run background on he and follow up with some of the other survivor in he group . mike I will track down this ex-priest sipe . robby okay . but stay on garabedian , that 's more important . mike garabedian 's a pain in the ass . robby you can be a pain in the ass , Michael . 52 ext . state STREET , boston - day 52 garabedian walk down State Street . Mike fall in with he . mike Mitch , what a surprise . how be you ? garabedian I be fine , Mr. rezende . the light change and garabedian walk . Mike tag along . mike good . you know , I never hear back from you . I leave you a couple message . garabedian I have be very busy . I do not have time for call . 53 54 11/26/14 43. mike jeez , I be sure you do not . listen , Mitch , lemme talk to a couple of you victim ... you can sit in on the interview , if you be not happy you can kill it . garabedian I speak to my client , they do not want to be in the press . I be sorry . garabedian walk into -- int . garabedian 's build , lobby - continuous 53 a shitty lobby , Mike follow Mitch in , continue -- mike I get that but I do not need to name name , Mitch . garabedian I do not believe you , Mr. rezende . Mitch walk to the elevator , press the button . mike yeah , I be sure you do not . garabedian I do not . the elevator open . Mitch walk on . Mike follow he into -- int . garabedian 's build , elevator - continuous 54 the door close . it 's cramped , but Mike keep go . mike listen , Mitch , I be not write a profile here . I be work on something bigger . garabedian bigger , what do that mean ? mike I be not suppose to tell you this , but I be digging around for spotlight . this register with Mitch . 55 a 56 11/26/14 44 , garabedian spotlight 's on this ? mike yeah , we be look into it . but I need some help , Mitch . you gotta let I talk to some of this victim . please . garabedian ( beat , then ) come back tomorrow . 9:30 be . mike thank you . Doors open . garabedian walk out . Mike smile . get he . ext . cafe francesca , south end - day 55 a sacha walk up to a small cafe in the South end . int . cafe francesca , south end - day 56 a small , bohemian cafe , mostly man . joe Crowley , 42 , heavy , boyish face , sit alone watching the door . nervous as shit . the door open . sacha walk in , pause , look around ... joe Crowley Ms. pfeiffer ? sacha Joe ? he stand , almost knock over he coffee . he start to straighten the messy table , clean the crumb all over it . joe Crowley sacha shoot. sorry . no , that 's okay , no problem . joe Crowley uh ... please sit . be this table okay ? I have a muffin while I be wait . two actually . I eat when I be nervous . sacha I do that too . ( then ) I hope I be not late . phil say one . joe Crowley no , you be fine . I get here early . about a hour . 57 11/26/14 45 . sacha would you mind if I take some of note ? would that be alright ? int . garabedian 's office , conference room - day 57 Mike and garabedian sit with 25 - year - old patrick mcsorley . mcsorley be good look but rag . not outwardly nervous , but he 's get a high -pitch voice and a addict 's itch . mike you do not mind if I take some note , do you ? patrick mcsorely you gonna use my name ? garabedian no . mike not if you do not want I to . patrick mcsorley I just have a kid . he 's only one but I be not sure I want he to know about this . mike yeah . I get it . garabedian you can stop this interview any time you want , Patrick . patrick mcsorley okay . go ‘head with you note . mike where do you live when it first happen ? patrick mcsorley in the project , over in hyde Park . mike over by the stop & shop ? patrick mcsorley yeah , you know it ? mike yeah , I drive a cab for year . open early , bad coffee , right ? 11/26/14 46 . patrick mcsorley yeah , I guess . mcsorley be not have it . mike how old be you ? when it happen . patrick mcsorley I be twelve . my dad have just kill himself . mike jeez . patrick mcsorley he be a real piece of shit . and my mom , she be not so stable to begin with . mike what do mean ? patrick mcsorley I mean she be nut . garabedian she be schizophrenic . patrick mcsorley same shit . mike so how do you meet geoghan ? patrick mcsorley my sister see he in the dunkin’ donut . she tell he about my old man and he rush right over . Patrick nervously itches at he arm as we CUT to -- 58 int . cafe francesca , south end - day 58 Joe talk very fast . he take a big gulp of water . joe Crowley ... and there be this nun , sister Barbara , she run this group for kid from troubled family . sacha where be that ? 11/26/14 47 . joe Crowley St. ambrose in dorchester . she 's the one who introduce I to Father shanley . he be a street priest , long hair , very hip . he invite I to he apartment in back Bay . sacha where in back Bay ? joe Crowley beacon Street . be you from here ? sacha I grow up in Ohio but my mom 's from southie . joe Crowley so you get it . I have never even be to back Bay . sacha what happen on that first visit ? joe Crowley well , he be very nice at first , very casual , very funny . and I think he could tell I be gay because he show I this mobile he have , like over a baby 's crib ? but with different word . homosexual , bisexual , transsexual ... sacha do you know you be gay at the time , Joe ? joe Crowley yes , but that be not information I be share with anybody . not in dorchester . sacha right . so , what happen when he show you the mobile ? joe Crowley well , I be a little freak out and I guess he could tell so he say , you know what will help be if we play strip poker . of course I lose . and thing go on from there . 11/26/14 48. sacha what happen specifically ? joe Crowley specifically , he molest I . sasha Joe , I think the language here be go to be very important . we can not sanitize this , just say molest be not enough . people need to know what actually happen . Joe sit back , get it as the waiter serve two coffee . joe Crowley maybe we should get this to go . 59 int . garabedian 's office , conference room - day 59 Mike sit with mcsorley and garabedian . patrick mcsorley geoghan show up and my mom , she 's thrilled . I mean this be like God show up , you know ? mike sure . so what happen then ? patrick mcsorley you really want to hear this shit ? mike yeah , Patrick . I do . Patrick be struggle a bit . but he continue . patrick mcsorley he offer to take I to get ice cream . he 's a priest , I be a kid , so I go . mike sure . patrick mcsorley so we be drive home and he start patting my leg and then ... he hand just slide up and he grab my dick . I just froze up , I be fuck petrify . I could not move . I do not know what to do , I be just a little kid . ( more ) 60 11/26/14 49 . patrick mcsorley ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I never even touch my freakin’ ice cream , it just melt down my arm . mike do you see he again after that ? patrick mcsorley yeah . garabedian alright , it 's good . let 's stop there for now ... mcsorley stare down at he hand . tremble . then he itches he arm . this time , Mike note the heroin track . ext . titus sparrow park , south end - day 60 sacha and crowley walk through Peter 's Park . we can see the Cathedral in the distance . crowley 's a little less nervous . joe Crowley he say it be a way to make I more comfortable with my body . sacha and what happen next . joe Crowley ..- he take off he clothes and say I have be depressed , maybe you can cheer I up and give I a blow job . classy guy . sacha and do you ? joe Crowley yeah . I know what you must be think , why I would ever do that with some creepy guy thirty year older than I . but you have to understand , this be the first time in my life that someone tell I it be okay to be gay . and he be a priest . sacha so you have oral sex . do you have intercourse as well ? 61 11/26/14 50 . joe Crowley yes . not then , but later . it really mess I up . I be sober now but that be the beginning of it all . it 's very confusing , you know , to be introduce to sex like that and then to be attract to man ... Joe tear up a bit . he stop , wipe he eye . joe Crowley ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , I know I be gonna sacha do this . I be sorry . do not be sorry . it 's okay , Joe . it 's okay . Joe notice the kid on the church playground . joe Crowley ( cont ’d ) and of course there 's a church right here . and a playground . Joe laugh nervously . sacha Joe , do you ever tell anyone ? joe Crowley like who , a priest ? int . garabedian 's office , conference room - night 61 it 's dark now . Mike 's write up some note as mcsorley put on he coat . Mike stand as mcsorley head for the door . patrick mcsorley can I use you phone ? garabedian yeah , you know where it be . mcsorley nod in thanks . then turn to Mike . patrick mcsorley you can use my name if you want . mike thanks , Patrick . patrick mcsorley do not thank I , just get that asshole , will you ? he exit . Mike let out a breath . it 's a lot , even for he . 61a 61b 11/26/14 51 . garabedian he 's one of the lucky one . ( off Mike 's look ) he 's still alive . int . kitchen , sacha 's grandmother 's apartment - day 61a sacha sit at the table look through she note . her grandmother be at the stove cooking . sacha notice something in she note , stand and take out she cell . she walk out while she dial . sacha 's grandmother would you like a cup of tea , sacha ? sacha I be fine , nana . thanks . sacha walk into -- int . dine room , sacha 's grandmother 's apartment - continuoy sacha on she phone , look over she note . joe Crowley ( over the phone ) hello ? sacha ( into phone ) hi Joe , it 's sacha pfeiffer . joe Crowley ( over the phone ) hi sacha . how be you ? sacha ( into phone ) I be good , thanks . listen , Joe , there 's one thing that I want to follow up on . you talk to phil saviano about all this , right ? joe Crowley ( over the phone ) yeah . I go to a couple SNAP meeting . sacha ( into phone ) right . and do phil ever suggest do anything about it ? joe Crowley ( over the phone ) no . the meeting be not really about that . I mean , a couple of they have go to a lawyer but I do not think it be worth it . 11/26/14 52 . sacha ( into phone ) why not ? joe Crowley ( over the phone ) there be so many form to fill out , it be overwhelming . and he say he could get only get I a small settlement . sacha ( into phone ) who say that ? joe Crowley ( over the phone ) the lawyer . sacha ( into phone ) so you do go to see a lawyer ? sacha take out she pen , start take note . joe Crowley ( over the phone ) yeah , but I do not end up use he , so I do not think it be important . I be sorry . I be not try to hide anything . sacha ( into phone ) no , I know , Joe . do you remember he name ? the lawyer ? joe Crowley ( over the phone ) no . but maybe phil would know . the guy be on tv a lot during the porter case . he be handsome . sacha ( into phone ) be it Eric macleish ? joe Crowley ( over the phone ) yeah , that 's it . macleish . I think he be very handsome . off sacha -- 62 aa int . globe , canteen - night 62 aa robby get a coffee , pay . Matt enter . matt hey . robby hey . 11/26/14 53. Matt head for the peanut m&m as robby pay . matt I be just in the newsroom , judge sweeney set a date for the hearing . robby when ? matt two week . canellos start a pool . ten buck to get in . robby anyone pick the Globe ? matt he 's only take bet on how fast sweeney rule against we . robby 's phone ring . robby huh . he head into the hall -- 62a int . globe - later 62a robby pick up . robby ( into phone ) robby . sacha ( over the phone ) hi , it 's I . do you get my message ? robby ( into phone ) I do . look like Father shanley could be we fourth priest . sacha ( over the phone ) I think he be . robby ( into phone ) do you follow up on macleish ? sacha ( over the phone ) I just talk to phil . he say macleish deal with a number of this case . 11/26/14 54 . 62b int . nana 's house - later 62b sacha be alone at the dining room table . robby ( into phone ) guess he forget to mention that . sacha ( into phone ) I be gonna go to the courthouse tomorrow to see if I can find any case he settle against the church . robby ( over the phone ) call I after you do . good work . robby hang up . sacha sit there , spend , the day and the story landing on she . hard . 63 int . globe , BEN 's office - night 63 Ben pack up . a knock . he turn , find robby with he bag . robby you want to chat ? BEN I be late for a dinner . walk I out . 64 int . globe , newsroom - continuous 64 Ben and robby walk . robby see marty in he office , work . robby do he ever go home ? BEN apparently not . I get guy who will not leave ' till he do , he 's wear out the goddamn newsroom . robby smile . BEN ( cont 'd ) where be we on geoghan ? robby follow up with more victim . I want to expand the investigation . BEN why ? 65 11/26/14 55 . robby we get a fourth priest . there might be as many as thirteen . BEN thirteen ? who 's you source ? robby phil saviano . Ben stop . BEN Christ , robby , I tell Mike -- robby I know . I think saviano might be legit , Ben . BEN you wanna elaborate on that ? robby no . not yet . just feel like this be stack up . that 's my gut . robby do not embellish . the case be turn . BEN okay . robby good . thanks . robby walk off . Ben watch he go ... then head out -- int . mike 's apartment , east boston - night 65 Mike open the fridge when he phone ring . he pick up . mike ( into phone ) hello . sipe ( over the phone ) Mr. rezende ? mike ( into phone ) yeah . who 's this ? sipe ( over the phone ) it 's Richard sipe . 11/26/14 56 . mike ( into phone ) oh , hey Richard , thanks for call . phil saviano give I you name , can I ask you a few question ? sipe ( over the phone ) of course . Mike reach for he bag , pull out he pad and a pen . mike ( into phone ) great . so phil say you work at one of the church 's treatment center in Baltimore ... sipe ( over the phone ) yes , that 's right . the seton psychiatric Institute . it be run by the daughter of Charity . mike and when be that , Richard ? sipe ( over the phone ) well , I start my psychotherapy fellowship there in 1965 and I be there for five year , but I spend the next thirty study abusive priest and they victim . mike really ? that 's be you sole focus ? sipe look , Mike , the church want we to believe that it 's just a few bad apple , but it 's a much bigger problem than that . mike how much bigger ? sipe well , base on the research , I would classify it as a recognizable psychiatric phenomenon . as Mike start scribbling , suck back in ... mike that 's big . 11/26/14 57 . 66 int . globe , cafeteria - late morning 66 eileen read the paper , drink a diet coke . kurkjian sit nearby , work on a story and some egg . Matt join . matt hey Mac , if I need historical data on a priest , parish he would be assign to , where would I find it ? eileen for geoghan ? it 's all in the clip . Lisa have the source material . matt yeah , what if it be another priest ? one that have not be in the papers . eileen you be look at another priest ? kurkjian who be you look at ? kurkjian look over . Matt try to focus on eileen . matt any idea ? eileen come on Matt , you be not go to tell I ? Matt stare at she . then pull back . matt I gotta get to a meeting . thanks Mac . Matt beat a hasty retreat . eileen and kurkjian trade a look . huh. 67 int . globe , library - later 67 a hand pull a book off a reference shelf . find lisa tuite , hand Matt the 2001 catholic church directory . lisa tuite the archdiocese put out a annual directory , every priest and parish . matt this be great . do this go back any further than ' 98 ? 68 69 11/26/14 58. lisa tuite oh yeah . they go back to the 80x in the mez. Beyond that , you gotta go to the bpl . matt in the mez . thanks , Lisa . int . globe , long hallway - day 68 robby and Mike walk down the hall . Mike debrief he , a little manic , not unaffected by what he 's pick up . mike he say they all target the same kinda kid . low income family , absentee father , break home ... they walk into -- int . globe , presses - continuous 69 it 's early . the press be relatively quiet . mike and guy like geoghan go after boy not cause they prefer they , but cause they be more ashamed , less likely to talk . this guy be predator , robby . sipe say he see dozen of they at seton in the 60' . he call it a '' a phenomenon . '' robby why do not he go public ? mike he do , but the church have make a huge effort to discredit he . smear campaign , public statement by prominent bishop . it 's just like saviano say . and garabedian . robby you get anywhere with he ? mike more victim . robby you can not empty he pocket ? 70 11/26/14 59 . mike I will get he . I just need more time . robby come on , Mike , you gotta get he . mike I will get he , I will get he . they open a door , walk into -- int . globe , basement - continuous 70 a dank basement , low fluorescent and row of old book on cheap tin bookshelve . robby and Mike react to the smell . mike jeez , what the hell be that smell ? matt ( 0.c . ) there 's a dead rat in the corner . Mike and robby find Matt beside a huge stack of book . robby what do we get ? matt Church directory . it 's every priest in Massachusetts , what parish they be assign to ... mike this be official ? Mike and robby grab directory , flipping through . matt yeah . I figure they could help we track down the priest saviano mention , maybe find more victim . robby ( read , squinting ) can we turn on some more light ? matt I could not find the switch . you wanna borrow my glass ? robby no , I be good . 11/26/14 60 . mike ( off a directory ) 1983 , John geoghan ... St. Brendan 's in dorchester . so we can see where any priest be in any give year . matt ( flip through another ) exactly . I get he here at ... huh . robby what ? matt 1980 , the year he be pull from jp . it say he 's on sick leave . mike come on . it actually say that ? Matt show Mike . robby urgently search the directory . robby where 's 1991 ? robby find the 1991 directory and open it . he search ... robby ( cont 'd ) Barrett ... Barrett ... liam Barrett .. I can not read this . can you look up liam Barrett ? ( hand it to Mike ) 1991 's the year they pull he out of charlestown . mike ( read ) Barrett , liam . sick leave . he show they . we see the designation . sick leave . mike ( cont 'd ) it 's a official designation . robby let 's get this upstairs . and Matt , let 's check the priest saviano give we . they start to collect the directory . robby 's cell ring . robby ( into the phone ) ( cont ’d ) robby . 11/26/14 61. sacha ( over the phone ) hey , I be down at the courthouse . 71 int . suffolk county courthouse , record room - day 71 sacha make note on a pad , a couple of file to one side . sacha ( into phone ) something 's not right here . a court clerk ( MARK ) walk over . court clerk ( MARK ) there 's nothing on shanley either , sacha . sacha okay , thanks . ( into phone ) we need to talk to macleish again . robby ( over the phone ) really . why ? sacha ( into phone ) there 's nothing here . there be not any record ... 72 int . greenberg traurig , conference room - morning 72 robby and sacha have be wait . macleish enter . eric macleish thanks for wait , so sorry guy , I get stick on a call . what 's up ? sacha Mr. macleish , be you familiar with a priest name Paul shanley ? macleish look at she . surprise . he sit back . eric macleish yes , I be familiar with he . sacha have you settle case against Father shanley ? eric macleish as I be sure you can understand , I can not discuss that . 11/26/14 62 . robby what about Father Ronald paquin ? eric macleish I can not discuss that either . come on , guy . sacha we understand you have settle several case against each of they . eric macleish even if I have be involved in that case , the settlement would be confidential . I could be disbarre for acknowledge they existence . robby 's not back down . macleish shake he head . eric macleish ( cont ’d ) look , I tell you , this be tough case . most of this folk just want some acknowledgement of what happen . we get they a sit-down with the bishop and a little dough . it be the best they could hope for . robby it be certainly the best the priest could hope for . eric macleish no , the Church promise to take the priest out of circulation . robby and do you follow up on that ? eric macleish ( do with this ) you guy need anything else ? sacha yes . why be not there any record ? I be just down at the courthouse , why be not there any record of this settlement ? macleish pause . hesitant , now not so sure of himself . eric macleish we deal directly with the Church . we would draw up a demand letter and we would send it to the chancery . so that 's 11/26/14 63. sacha you never file anything in court ? eric macleish it be a private mediation . ano . jesus. sacha and robby react . robby so this be just you and the archdiocese 's lawyer in a room ? eric macleish correct . sacha anyone else ? eric macleish occasionally , the Church would bring in another defense attorney to help out . robby you have any name ? eric macleish ( stonewall he ) no . no I do not . int . globe , spotlight - late afternoon 73 Ben sit with the gang . BEN so this be all under the table ? sacha there 's no paper trail at all . the victim have to sign a confidentiality agreement to get the settlement . the lawyer take he third and the Church sweep it under the rug . mike jeez . it 's a freakin’ racket . BEN it 's more complicated than that . macleish have get a duty to he client to get the best deal he can . 75 11/26/14 64 . sacha sure , but how many victim do you represent and profit from before you say something ? mike garabedian would say none . that 's why he 's take this case to court . because he want people to know about this . sacha I agree . and , legal ethic aside , Ben , operate the way macleish have all but guarantee the abuse stay under wrap . BEN yeah . ( then ) do macleish confirm all of saviano 's priest ? robby no . he 's limited by the confidentiality agreement . sacha but he 's clearly settle case against a number of they . phil 's put I in touch with some of the other victim , I be pretty confident all of he priest be go to check out . BEN so it 's thirteen priest ? sacha robby yeah . look that way . BEN ( cont 'd ) Holy shit. okay . keep go . off Ben -- int . copley square ballroom , atrium - night 75 close on a woman scan a list of name on clipboard . woman I be sorry , what be it again ? 11/26/14 65 . reveal marty stand next to she at the base of wide staircase . several such woman be check off attendee . marty uh , Baron ? b-a-r-o-n. woman I be sorry , I do not see you here . pete conley ( 0.c . ) it 's okay , Kim , I can vouch for he . marty turn , find pete conley , 60 , irish wealth and power . he extend a hand . pete conley ( cont ’d ) Pete conley , I be on the board of Catholic charity . welcome to Boston , Mr. Baron . marty uh , thank you . pete conley I appreciate you join we . we be very proud of the work we do here in Boston . ( then ) the cardinal say you have a nice visit . marty uh , yes . we do . peter conley he 's a extraordinary man . I be glad you have a chance to chat . 75a int . copley square ballroom - moment later 75 a marty walk into the party , not know a soul . he stand alone , take it in . robby enjoy yourself ? marty turn . robby 's there . slack and a blazer . marty uh , to be honest , this event be not really my strong suit . ( then ) be you involved with the charity ? 11/26/14 66 . robby not directly . several of my friend be . we all go to BC High together . that 's the school across the street from the Globe . marty it 's hard to miss . robby yeah . hard to get away from too , apparently . marty smile . robby ( cont 'd ) the cardinal 's in the corner if you be so inclined . robby nod . indeed , there 's the cardinal and he 's talk to Pete conley and few other . marty we have meet . robby do he mention the suit ? marty no , but he do give I a copy of the catechism . robby ( laugh ) yeah , the cardinal 's not know for he subtlety . during the porter investigation , he literally call down the power of God on the Globe . marty how do that play out ? robby a week later we editor break he leg ski . marty react to robby 's line . waiter shrimp toast , gentleman ? robby take a shrimp . 11/26/14 67 . 76 int . armenian diner , downtown boston - night 76 close on a bowl of soup . hand reach for it ... reveal garabedian and Mike have dinner . Mike 's go over note . mike you say there be a victim who file a criminal complaint ? garabedian there be a few , but the judge seal the case record after friend of the Church step in . the Church have a lot of friend . mike like Eric macleish ? garabedian see he understand . garabedian 's impressed . garabedian let 's just say , he 's not part of the solution . you follow what I be say ? mike sure . Mike jot down some note . garabedian watch he . garabedian you work hard , Mr. rezende . be you marry ? mike yeah . garabedian and you wife do not mind you work all the time ? mike yeah , she do . garabedian see . that 's why I never get marry . I be too busy , what I do be too important . garabedian salt he soup . garabedian ( cont 'd ) you new editor , he 's a Jew right ? 77 11/26/14 68. mike uh , that 's right . garabedian he come in , suddenly everybody be interested in the Church . you know why ? because it take a outsider . like I . I be armenian . how many armenian do you know in Boston ? mike Steve kurkjian , work at the Globe . garabedian that 's two ! you should get a prize or something . what be you , italian ? mike portuguese . garabedian from where ? mike East Boston . garabedian you do not sound like it . Mike shrug . garabedian shake he head , chuckle . garabedian ( cont 'd ) this city , this people , make the rest of we feel like we do not belong . but they be no better than we . look how they treat they child . ( wiping he mouth ) Mark my word , Mr. rezende , if it take a village to raise a child , it take a village to abuse one . garabedian eat . Mike ponder . oddly move . int . copley square ballroom , atrium - night 77 robby cross the room , join Jim Sullivan at the bar . jim there he be . they two man shake . 11/26/14 69 . jim ( cont 'd ) wanna beer ? robby Love one . Jim nod to the bartender . jim you here with Barbara ? robby no . she hate this thing . jim Karen too . smart lady . the bartender set down two beer . robby hand one to Jim . robby sldinte . jim I just meet you new editor , seem like a decent fella . robby I think he be . ( then ) I have a interesting conversation with Eric macleish yesterday . turn out he 's be settling abuse case with the archdiocese for year . jim you really wanna talk about this here ? robby you say you help out on Father Barrett as a favor , that be a one - off ? Jim do not say anything . robby darken . robby ( cont 'd ) how many of this case have you be involved with , Jim ? jim you know I can not answer that , robby . it 's unethical . 78 11/26/14 70 . robby be that all it be ? Jim stare robby down . he drink . jim so this be the robby Robinson I have always hear about but never meet . robby listen to I , Jimmy . you want to be on the right side of this . jim you be talk about the Church , robby . look around . this be good people who have do a lot of good for this city . ( then ) enjoy the party . Jim smile , head into the party , leave robby alone at the bar . robby glance over at marty , still on the edge of the party . so this be what it feel like to be on the outside ... int . globe , robby 's office - day 78 Matt , sacha and Mike be cramme in robby 's office , Matt downloading the team on the directory . matt I have be through a lot of this . ' sick leave 's be not the only designation they use when they take one of this priest out of circulation . they use a slew of term - ' absent on leave , 's ' unassign , 's ‘emergency response . 's mike they get a name for everything , this guy . sacha except rape . a phone ring in the spotlight office . Mike exit to get it . matt and they move parish way more frequently than other priest . when I be a kid , a priest move after seven or eight year . this guy , it 's two to three top . 79 11/26/14 71 . sacha do they use this designation for all of saviano 's priest ? matt yeah . it 's a pretty clear pattern . as robby consider this , Mike call from spotlight -- mike guy , I have get sipe . int . globe , spotlight office - continuous 79 the team be huddle around a speakerphone . sipe ( on speakerphone ) I think if you want to understand the crisis , you need to start with the celibacy requirement . that be my first major find : only 50 % of the clergy be celibate . they share a look . 50 % ? can that be true ? sipe ( on speakerphone ) ( cont 'd ) now , most of they be have sex with other adult . but this create a culture of secrecy , that tolerate and even protect pedophile . sacha so you believe the church be aware of the extent of this ' crisis ? 's sipe ( on speakerphone ) absolutely . after the first major scandal in Louisiana , Tom doyle , the Secretary canonist for the papal nuncio , coauthore a report warning pedophile priest be a billion - dollar liability . that be in 1985 . mike 1985 ? sipe ( on speakerphone ) that 's right . mike who see this document ? anyone in the Catholic hierarchy ? 11/26/14 72 . sipe ( on speakerphone ) sure . doyle try to introduce the report at the National Conference of Catholic bishop . in fact , cardinal Law initially help to fund the report , but then he back out and they shelve it . rezendez ( to sacha and Matt ) be you kid I ? robby Richard , robby here . we think we have thirteen priest in Boston that fit this pattern , which would be a very big story . do that sound right to you ? in term of scale ? sipe ( on speakerphone ) no. not really . it sound low . my estimate suggest six percent act out sexually with minor . mike six percent of what ? sipe ( on speakerphone ) six percent of all priest . Holy shit . robby turn to the team . robby how many priest do we have in Boston ? matt about fifteen hundred . one percent be fifteen ... six percent be ninety . robby sacha ninety priest ? be that possible ? sipe ( on speakerphone ) from a metric standpoint , that would be in line with my finding . the team look at each other . floored . a beat , then -- sipe ( on speakerphone ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? 11/26/14 73. 80 int . globe , BEN 's office - day 80 Ben eat lunch , robby and Mike download he . Ben 's shocked . BEN ninety fuck priest ? in Boston ? robby that 's what he say . BEN if there be ninety of this bastard people would know . mike maybe they do . BEN and no one say a thing ? mike good Germans ? BEN I do not think that 's a comparison you want to make publicly . robby macleish know and say nothing . BEN that 's thirteen priest , big difference between thirteen and ninety . where 's this guy sipe get he number ? mike he 's study this for thirty year , he 's a train psychotherapist -- BEN okay , but we need something more than a metric from some hippy ex - priest who 's shack up with a nun . mike so we will track down more victim , we will get more priest . then we can check they against the directory . BEN that 's a shitload of victim . 81 11/26/14 74 . mike we will get they . BEN how long 's it gonna take ? Mike shrug . robby consider . then ... robby too long . robby get up , move for the door . maybe with a idea . BEN meeting over ? robby for now . int . globe , newsroom - moment later 81 robby walk through the newsroom . Mike catch up to he . mike what do you get ? robby what if we work backwards ? mike what do you mean ? from what ? robby the directory . we have be use they to confirm bad priest . what if we do it the other way around ? mike ( get it ) use the directory to identify bad priest ? robby yeah , exactly . we search by designation , we look for any priest on ' sick leave 's or ' unnassign 's -- mike or for priest who move around a lot ... robby yeah . 82 82a 84 11/26/14 75 . mike that 's gonna take a load of time . robby not if we be all on it . mike you too ? robby generally , that 's what all mean . mike yeah , generally . that 's the plan . robby look set . off Mike , we -- int . globe , spotlight - later 82 close on a ruler move down a directory . it stop at a designation : sick leave . pan to the name of a priest . mahan . a pen circle it and we -- cuT to another ruler scan a directory . it stop . unassign . pan to the name of another priest . keane . the name be circle and we -- CUT to another ruler scan . sick leave . paquin . reveal sacha , move a ruler down a directory . CUT to -- above Mike , scan a directory with a ruler . CUT to -- close on robby . squint at a directory . CUT to -- Matt , hunch over a computer , enter data . CUT to -- close on a excel spreadsheet . a date , a priest 's name , then the designation be type into a column . CUT to -- more name and designation , logge year by year , into the spreadsheet . CUT to -- int . sacha 's house - night 82a sacha at she desk at home , scan a directory . it 's late . int . santarpio 's , east boston - night 84 Mike sit in the pizza joint , mark up a directory , two other beside he . a waiter deliver a pizza and a beer . without look up , Mike reach for the beer , keep work . 84a 84b 84 bb 84c 84d 84f 85 a 86 87 11/26/14 76 . ext . porter square t-stop , cambridge , ma - morning 84a sacha wait for the T , work on a directory . int . globe , library - day 84b from the crow 's nest above , we see Mike and Matt at the table in the library , stack of directory between they . int . globe , cafeteria - day 84 bb robby sit alone in cafeteria , work on a directory . ext . boston public library , downtown boston - day 84 c sacha walk up the grand step , enter the massive library . int . globe , spotlight - day 84d close on the spreadsheet . more name be enter . we scan down the grow list of priest ... int . globe , library - night 84f Mike in a back aisle , work on the directory . int . boston public library , reading room - early evening 85 a a beautiful , mostly empty read room , green banker 's lamp everywhere . sacha work late , directory all around she . int . matt carroll 's house , west roxbury - night 86 Matt sit at a desk at home , hunch over a directory , scan it with a ruler . he pause ... lean in further . close on a directory entry . o’sullivan . treatment Center , 276 pelton Street , West roxbury . matt Holy shit . Matt pale , then take off he glass and leave the house . ext . matt carroll 's house , west roxbury - continuous 87 Matt head across the lawn , down the sidewalk . he cross the street , round the corner , turn onto pelton Street . he pick up he pace , check house number . finally , he stop at a classic , two story victorian house . number 276 . matt no freakin’ way . 88 90 11/26/14 77 . int . matt carroll' house , kitchen - later 88 Matt sit on the kitchen floor in front of the refrigerator , taping a note to the door . we push in over he shoulder ... '' kid . stay away from this house at 276 pelton Street . and stay away from the man who live inside it . '' beside the note be a b&w photo of the house down the street . int . globe , spotlight office - day 90 close on a computer screen . we be scrolling through the excel spreadsheet . dozen of problematic priest . reveal Mike , sacha and Matt huddle around the computer . sacha read from a large printout . Matt check it against a short list on a computer screen . sacha Talbot . matt yep. sacha tivnan . matt yep. sacha toma . matt yep. sacha turnbull . matt yep. sacha walsh . matt yep. sacha welsh . matt yep. mike be that it ? sacha that 's it . matt that 's it . Mike look at the screen . mike ( cont 'd ) Holy shit. 91 11/26/14 78 . matt robby ? robby look up from he desk . he walk over to join they . sacha Three off sipe 's estimate . that 's incredible . robby how many ? matt eighty-seven . mike eighty -seven priest . in Boston . robby call macleish . I wanna talk to he . robby take the printout , walk into -- int . globe , robby 's office - continuous 91 robby shut he door , pick up he phone and dial . it ring . a secretary pick up . secretary ( over the phone ) Jim Sullivan 's office . robby ( into phone ) walter Robinson for Jim Sullivan . tell he it 's important . a beat , then we hear -- jim ( over the phone ) hey robby . everything okay ? robby ( into phone ) I need you to tell I something , Jim . could it be ninety priest ? jim ( over the phone ) what ? robby ( into phone ) could it be as high as ninety ? jim ( over the phone ) Jesus , robby . 92 11/26/14 79 . robby ( into phone ) I need to know , Jim . I would not be ask if it be not important . silence . jim ( over the phone ) you gotta stop this , robby . click . robby darken . then see sacha in the doorway . sacha macleish 's assistant say he 's all book up , he can not see we . robby the hell he can not . robby exit . sacha quickly follow . off Mike and Matt -- int . one INTERNATIONAL place , lobby - early evening 92 Eric macleish and a colleague get off a elevator , head out . macleish see robby and sacha sit in the lobby , wait for he . as they stand , macleish turn to he colleague . macleish you know what , I 'il catch up with you , okay ? the colleague head off . macleish ( cont 'd ) hey guy , I be really sorry , I be , I do not have any time to talk right now , but if you call my assistant -- sacha Mr. macleish , we have reason to believe that there have be allegation against as many as 87 priest in Boston . eric macleish I can not talk about that . sacha do that number sound right to you ? eric macleish you gotta be ... I do not have time for this crap . 11/26/14 80 . he start to move but robby step in he way , angrier than sacha 's ever see . robby Eric , how many priest do you settle ? eric macleish you know I can not tell you , robby . robby you be gonna give I they name . and the name of they victim . eric macleish be you threaten I ? a beat . robby control himself , turn calm . professional . robby we have get two storey here . we have get a story about degenerate clergy and we have get a story about a bunch of lawyer turn child abuse into a cottage industry . now , which story do you want we to write ? Cause we be write one of they . macleish recede . robby 's get he . eric macleish I already send you a list of name . robby what be you talk about ? to whom ? eric macleish the Globe . year ago . after the porter case , I get plenty of call . I have 20 priest in Boston but I could not go after they without press . so I send you guy a list of name and you bury it . robby I want that name tomorrow . eric macleish check you goddamn clip , robby . robby turn and leave . sacha follow . they walk a bit . 93 11/26/14 81. sacha we do not find anything in the clip . robby yeah . Big surprise . int . mike 's apartment , east boston - night 93 Mike boil hot dog on the stove . mike Richard , do you still go to mass ? sipe ( on speakerphone ) no , I have not be to church for some time now . but I still consider myself a Catholic . mike how do that work ? sipe ( on speakerphone ) the Church be a institution , Mike , make of man . it 's pass . my faith be in the eternal . I try to separate the two . mike sound tricky . Mike 's shake he pen , out of ink . he cross to he backpack by the front door . he reach in , dig around . sipe ( on speakerphone ) it be . especially since the Church continue to go after I . it take a toll , Mike . sipe ( cont ’d ) they 'il try to silence anyone who speak out . I be sure they 's 1ll come after you and you team soon enough . mike and how do you think they 's 11l do that ? hello ? ... Richard ? Mike check he phone . disconnect . huh. suddenly , there 's a loud knock on the door . Mike jump . mike ( cont 'd ) who be it ? 11/26/14 82. BEN ( 0.c . ) the archbishop of canterbury . Mike open the door . Ben 's there with a pizza BOX . BEN ( cont 'd ) I have dinner at santarpio 's , have some leftover . he hand Mike the pizza . mike ah , you be the freakin’ best . you want a beer ? BEN yeah . Ben enter , take in Mike 's apartment . Mike grab two beer . Jesus . how much longer you gonna be in this shithole ? mike work on it . BEN she 's a good girl , Mike . mike yeah , she be . we will figure it out . I have not have a lot of time lately . ( then ) I be just on the phone with sipe actually . BEN have you meet this guy in person yet ? mike no , but he knowledge of this be on a whole other level . Ben frown , skeptical . Mike hand he a beer . they sit . Mike open the pizza box , dig in . mike ( cont 'd ) oh man , I be starve . BEN so , where be we on the ninety ? mike close. 93a 11/26/14 83. BEN how close ? mike we be close . BEN just answer the question , will you ? Mike clock this . mike we get 87 name . we be try to get confirmation . I think we will . ( then , off Ben ) something bugging you ? BEN just surprising , that 's all . mike yeah , it be . for everyone . ext . mike 's apartment build , hallway - night 93a Ben walk out of Mike 's apartment , head up the stair when Mike open he door , call after he . mike hey . Ben , I forget to ask , phil saviano say he send a bunch of info to the Globe year ago . you have any idea to who ? BEN ( irk ) no . why ? mike just curious . I want to see if there be any other lead you guy do not run out ? BEN ( piss off ) saviano be a fuck train wreck five year ago , Mike . we do not miss anything . this story need spotlight . Mike 's take aback . mike yeah . I know . just follow up . 94 11/26/14 84 . nothing more to say . BEN good night . Ben walk off . Mike watch he go . int . globe , marty 's office - day 94 close on a emailed list of Priests and victim . BEN ( 0.c. ) this be unbelievable . marty when do you get this ? robby macleish email the list this morning . he settle case against forty - five priest . reveal marty and Ben across the table from robby and the rest of the spotlight team . marty page through the printout . marty where be we on Law ? anything that show he have knowledge of this ? BEN we be still work garabedian . but nothing concrete . marty consider this . then he turn to robby . marty I keep think about that conversation we have the other night . you say Law call down the power of God when we report on porter . BEN that 's just Law be Law . marty okay , but I check the clip , porter be not even in the Boston archdiocese . he be in fall River . so , why the extreme reaction ? robby ( realize ) Law have to know . ( more ) 11/26/14 85 . robby ( cont 'd ) that 's why he have the reaction . he know there be other . marty I think that 's the bigger story . the team react . robby watch . mike bigger than fifty priest ? marty if it come from the top down , yes . sacha but the number clearly indicate senior clergy be involved . marty that 's all they do , indicate . mike you be tell I we run a robby story about fifty pedophile ( step in ) priest in Boston -- Mike -- marty ( cont 'd ) we will get into the same cat fight you get into on porter , which make a lot of noise but change thing not one bit . we need to focus on the institution not the individual priest . practice and policy . show I the Church manipulate the system so that this guy would not have to face charge . show I they put that same priest back into parish , time and time again . show I this be systemic , that it come from the top down . beat . pretty fuck clear . BEN sound like we be go after Law ? marty we be go after the system . 94b int . globe , spotlight - later 94b the team enter together , head for they desk . robby talk to sacha . 94c 95-99 11/26/14 86. robby make a list of all the victim we have and start reach out . pull Matt in if you need help . sacha okay . robby ( to Mike ) when you be go to Springfield ? mike hear be Monday . robby nod , head into -- int . globe , robby 's office - continuous 94c robby settles in . start to check e-mail . matt robby ? you get a second ? robby look up , Matt 's in the door . robby yeah . matt I , uh , get one of that treatment center a block from my house . ( then ) we get neighbor with kid . I know we work be confidential but I feel like I should tell ‘em . robby we will tell ‘em soon . Matt hesitates . then nod and exit . summer victim montage 95-99 in a series of quick cut , we see -- -- sacha ( and Matt ) out and about in jp , dorchester , Mission Hill , try to find victim . they knock on some door and get no answer , they knock on other to find that victim have move , it 's tough to track folk down . -- sacha ( and Matt ) manage to track victim down , but face obstacle . obstructionist family member , reticent victim ... 100 103a 101 11/26/14 87 . -- finally , sacha ( and Matt ) actually be let in . we see shot after shot of they enter house , some new , some where they be previously deny . they be get the story ... int . rundown house , dorchester - day 100 sacha sit with the middle - age -man . middle -aged -man the Bishop come over the house . he say nothing like this have ever happen before , they ask we not to press charge . sacha and what do you mother do ? middle -aged-man my mother ? she put out freakin’ cookie . sacha blink . int . dussourd apartment , jamaica plain - day ( formerly 1021)03a a small apartment . maryetta dussourd , 57 , wear a gold cross . dussourd there be a lot of pressure to keep quiet . she struggle . Matt across from she , prod ... matt from the Church ? dussourd yeah , from the Church ... but not just the Church . from my friend , from the other parishioner ... int . globe , spotlight office - early evening 101 close on a spreadsheet , go up on the wall . name of priest , date , report ... sipe ( over the phone ) well , many of the priest I treat be psychosexually stunt .... reveal sacha put up the list of 15 priest on the corkboard as Matt walk over 3x5 card with victim' stories . in the foreground , Mike talk on the phone to sipe . 11/26/14 88 . sipe ( over the phone ) ( cont 'd ) +..on the emotional level of a twelve or thirteen year old . mike jeez. 103 int . coffee shop , hingham - day 103 sacha sit with the a cop , 40s , African - american . cop sure , the chief know , everybody know . but nobody want to cuff a priest . sacha what about the prosecutor ? cop I should not talk about this shit . sacha I think you should actually . sacha wait , stare he down . 103a ext . jamaica plain - day 103a sacha talk to a painter on a ladder . sacha do you know a Father hurley or a Father gale ? man I do . 103 a ext . two decker , dorchester - day 103 a a man yell at Matt from he porch . man you get out of here before I matt kick the shit out of you , sorry to bother you . sorry alright ? to bother you .... man you leave I alone , leave my brother alone , you hear I goddammit ? 11/26/14 89 . 104 ext . two family house - malden , ma - late afternoon 104 sacha walk up to a door . the knock . a kindly look older man ( ronald paquin ) in a checker shirt answer the door . sacha hi , I be look for Ronald paquin . ronald paquin yes ? sacha blink , surprised . sacha you be ... Father paquin ? father paquin yes , that 's right . sacha ( rapid , tense ) my name be sacha pfeiffer , I , I 'ma reporter with the Boston Globe . father paquin okay . sacha , awkward , reach for she pad . sacha could I ask you a few question ? father paquin go ahead , dear . sacha start recording . sacha we have talk to several man who know you when they be boy at St. John the Baptist in haverhill ? they tell we you molest they ? be that true ? father paquin ... sure . I fool around . but I never feel gratify myself . sacha almost hide she shock . sacha right , uh , but you admit that you molest boy at St. John the Baptist ? 11/26/14 90 . father paquin yes , yes , but as I say , I never get any pleasure from it . that 's important to understand . sacha right . can you tell I where and how you , uh , fool around with this boy . father paquin I want to be clear , I never rape anyone . should know . sacha how would you know ? there 's a difference . I father paquin I be rape . sacha ... I be sorry ... who rape you ? jane paquin ( 0.c . ) ronny ? who be you talk to ? father paquin it 's okay , Jane . sacha ( cont 'd ) Father paquin , who rape you ? paquin 's sister , jane paquin , 5as , come to the door . jane paquin who be you ? jane paquin please get off my porch . jane paquin get inside the house , Ronald . jane paquin get inside , ronnie . jane paquin I be he sister , and I do not want you come back here . sacha sacha pfeiffer , I be with the Globe -- father paquin I can speak for myself , Jane . sacha I just have a few more -- sacha I be sorry , who be you ? sacha Ms. paquin -- 105 11/26/14 gl. but Jane slam the door . sacha stand there for a moment , stunned . then she turn , quickly head down the walkway , scribbling note . she pause as she reach the sidewalk , finish up . two child ride past on bike . she 's visibly shaken by the encounter . int . hampden superior court , courtroom , springfield , ma - das Mike watch the Globe 's lawyer , jon albano , 5as , white beard and moustache , present to judge constance sweeney , 40s . judge sweeney could you please clarify the Globe 's position for I , Mr. albano ? the courtroom 's empty , garabedian at one desk , wilson D. rogers jr. , 60 , the Church 's lawyer , at another . albano yes , judge sweeney . we argument to make this document public rest mainly on lst amendment grounds . we also have a number of other relevant argument . after all , you honor , this be a discretionary order ... judge sweeney yes , Mr. albano , it be make at the judge 's discretion ... Mike fight tedium ... until a reporter slide in next to he . herald reporter ( joe quimby ) hey Mike . mike hey Joe . herald reporter what 's a spotlight reporter do in Springfield ? Mike do not answer . herald reporter ( cont ’d ) you man albano 's sledding uphill . you really think you have a shot at win this thing ? mike you want I to comment for the Herald ? 106 11/26/14 92 . quimby ( write on he pad ) '' Globe reporter would not comment but do not seem hopeful . '' Mike settles in . gonna be a long day . int . globe , spotlight office / robby 's office - day 106 sacha download robby . we see a large map of Boston on a desk , neighborhood circle , write and post-it note priest and victim . sacha he do not try to hide it at all , he have this odd rationalization for it . like it be normal to fool around with little boy . nearby , we see Matt add 3 x5 victim card to the wall . on the wall , 19 of roughly 50 priest have card . [ n.b. : the priest ( and victim ) should be group by neighborhood ] . sacha ( cont 'd ) I would really like to go back . I think he have talk to we . robby we will . just not yet ... let 's stay focus on victim right now . matt sacha , where have they send Father Talbot again ? sacha I think it be cheverus ? matt yeah , that 's right . robby Father Talbot ? from BC High ? sacha yeah . you know he ? robby he be there when I be . we have a victim ? matt yeah . he life in Providence . Matt hand he the card . robby stare down at the name . 108 109 11/26/14 93. int . hampden superior court , courtroom - day 108 Mike be still list . albano there 's nothing personal in this document , you honor , they concern how the cardinal be handle -- judge sweeney say the archdiocese . albano er , excuse I ? judge sweeney you do not get to tag the cardinal with everything , Mr. albano . say the archdiocese . albano look flustered . wilson D. rogers JR . judge sweeney , the Globe be not a party to this case , they just want to sell papers . if Mr. garabedian have not smear the cardinal 's good name , we would not even be here . garabedian you honor , I object to the use of the word smear . judge sweeney duly note , Mr. garabedian . garabedian , angry , mutter under he breath . Mike catch it . ext . hampden superior court , springfield , ma - later 109 garabedian sit on the courthouse step , eat a pack lunch out of tupperware . simmer . mike how you do , Mitch ? Mike walk up , sit down . garabedian I be fine . mike ( push he ) he 's tough , that Wilson Rogers . 11/26/14 94 . garabedian he 's smug . and he 's sloppy . mike he do not seem sloppy . garabedian you do not know the half of it . trust I . mike what 's the half of it ? ( then ) tell I the half of it , Mitch . garabedian look at he , wrestle with something . garabedian off the record . mike off the record . garabedian Three year ago , I get a call from a ex - Priest . Anthony benzevich . he be at bless sacrament back in ' 62 and he see geoghan take little boy up to the rectory bedroom . benzevich be appal , he tell the Bishop . and the Bishop threaten to reassign he . to South America . mike jeez . garabedian yeah . so , fast - forward 35 year , benzevich read geoghan 's be charge with molest more than a hundred kid . benzevich feel guilty , he call I . mike you have testimony from a priest tell he superior about geoghan in 62 ' ? garabedian no , I do not . because when I call benzevich in to give a deposition , he show up with a lawyer . 11/26/14 95 . mike Wilson Rogers . garabedian suddenly , Father benzevich have a foggy memory . can not remember anything . he 's useless . so I go back to work , I forget about it , whatever . until about a year ago . I find a article about a priest who warn church official about geoghan . mike ( stunne ) benzevich go to the press . garabedian local paper , Patriot ledger , nobody see it . but now I get benzevich on record , so I file a motion to depose he a second time . and Wilson Rogers , that smug son of a bitch , he file a motion oppose my motion . and that 's when I have he ! mike have he how ? garabedian Rogers oppose my motion . so I gotta make a argument as to why I be allow to depose Father benzevich a second time . but now , I be allow to attach exhibit . you follow what I be say ? mike the seal document ... garabedian yes , I can use the seal document I have get in discovery , Mr. rezende , the same document you paper be currently suing for . mike you be shitting I . garabedian no , I be not shitting you . so I pull out the 14 most damn doc and I attach they to my motion . and they prove everything . ( more ) 11/26/14 96 . garabedian ( cont 'd ) about the Church , about the bishop , about Law ... mike and it 's all public ? because you motion to oppose Rogers 's motion ... garabedian »» - be public . that 's correct . now you be pay attention . mike ( head spin ) so I can just walk into the courthouse right now and get that document ? garabedian no . you cannot . because the document be not there . mike but you just say they be public . garabedian I know I do . but this be Boston . and the Church do not want they to be find . so they be not there . mike Mitch , be you tell I that the Catholic Church have legal document remove from the courthouse ? Mitch collect he thing , turn to Mike . with clarity . garabedian look , I be not crazy , I be not paranoid , I be experience . check the docket , you will see . they control everything . everything . Mitch exit . Mike watch he go , unnerved . be Mitch right ? and be that just the mother of all tip ? a beat ... then Mike grab he stuff and run towards he car . ext . suffolk county courthouse , downtown boston - later 110 Mike get out of he car , run across same street into the courthouse . 112 113 11/26/14 97 . int . suffolk county courthouse , record room - day 111 a mousy look clerk # 2 ( o’brian ) push a binder across a help desk to ... Mike . who start go through the file . clerk # 2 ( o'brian ) docket entry # 49 in the geoghan case . ( then ) we be close in ten minute . close on docket entry # 49 : plaintiff 's opposition to reverend Anthony benzevich 's motion for protective order . date apr 2 , 2001 . anda list of 14 exhibit . Mike , excited , open the file , find the motion and a folder , exhibit a - n. Mike open it . it 's empty . holy shit . int . robby 's house , robby 's home office - early evening 112 robby stand , search through bookshelve ... until he find a BC high yearbook . he flip to the faculty page , home in on a photo ... father jame talbot . a beat . his phone ring . robby ( into phone ) robby . mike ( over the phone ) hey , it 's I . you be not gonna believe it . ext . suffolk county courthouse , downtown boston - same timei13 Mike be walk out of the courthouse . mike ( into phone ) garabedian give I a tip , some of the seal doc be already public . they be part of a motion he file . he say they be the best of the bunch , we do not have to wait for sweeney 's ruling . intercut the two scene robby ( into phone ) so we can get they ? mike ( into phone ) yeah , but they be not there ! I already talk to albano , he say all we have to do be file a motion and sweeney will order Mitch to refile the doc . 11/26/14 98 . robby ( into phone ) and you think this document be ... mike ( into phone ) he say this 14 doc be all we need . they be huge , robby . robby okay . i’11 call ben. good work . 114 ext . globe , parking lot - early morning 114 marty get out of he car and walk toward the building . it 's a beautiful September morning . 115 int . globe , newsroom - moment later 115 it 's pretty empty . marty walk in , head toward he office , but slow when something on a tv catch he attention . he walk to the tv , join a young reporter already watch . marty what happen ? young reporter they be say it 's a prop plane but that 's not a prop plane . we glimpse the tv . the World Trade Center . on fire . marty tell Linda to get every reporter we have in here now . 116 int . globe , newsroom - day 116 close on a tv. cardinal Law address a large group of reporter , citizen in front of the Cathedral . cardinal law ( real footage ) you pray for the injure , and that who survive . you pray , too , for the nation , that we response might reflect we best ideal and God 's teach as it be find in Christianity and Islam as well . reveal a group watch tv in the corner of the newsroom , Ben front and center . robby , Matt , sacha be off to the side . BEN not bad . who 's there ? 11/26/14 99 . female editor paulson . Ben start to move , a editor at he side . BEN I wanna talk to he when he 's back . ( to robby ) do rezende find a way to get to Florida ? robby they just open the airport in Providence , he 's on he way there now . News to sacha and Matt . Ben head canellos Ben , I be gonna need more people on massport . BEN I all give you three of my guy . robby , put you team on that too . robby get it . BEN and robby , everything else stop . robby understood . off . matt why 's Mike go to Florida ? robby Flight school . it 's where they learn to fly . sacha robby , I have get a lot of victim interview set up this week . robby you be gonna have to cancel ‘em . sacha that 's go to be hard . 11/26/14 100 . matt this be nut . two day ago , I tell my wife we gotta be work the biggest story on the planet .... robby nod as we pan to reception . Linda and several other take call . linda Boston Globe . we have no receptionist 1 knowledge of additional Boston Globe . one second threat . please . receptionist 2 yes , if you have a tip I will transfer you to the metro desk . off the ringing phone -- int . garabedian 's office , conference room - day 117 garabedian work at he desk . the phone ring , he pick up . garabedian ( into phone ) Mitchell garabedian . int . mike 's car ( moving ) , I - 95 - day 118 Mike speed frantically down I - 95 towards Providence , phone to he ear . it 's ringing . mike ( into phone ) Mitch , it 's Mike , I have be try to reach you ... garabedian ( over the phone ) I do not have time to talk to you , Mr. rezende . mike ( into phone ) do you refile that document yet ? garabedian ( over the phone ) no , I just get the order , it take time . mike ( into phone ) okay , great . can you to hold off on refiling they ? 120 11/26/14 101 . garabedian mike hold off ? I have to go to Florida , once you refile , they be public , other newspaper will be able to get a hold of ... garabedian ( into phone ) other newspaper be not my concern . I receive a judicial order , I tell you the Church be watch I ... mike ( into phone ) Mitch , please , I just need a few week . garabedian ( into phone ) I can not make any promise . Goodbye . garabedian hang up . mike ( into phone ) Mitch ? Mitch ! shit ! ext . t-stop , boston - day 119 the season have change . the leave be all but go . sacha emerge from the subway , cross the street . int . bar , jamaica plain - same time 120 a relatively empty bar . on tv , we see CNN coverage of the US bombing in afghanistan . phil saviano sit in a booth across from sacha . phil 's on the edge . saviano look , I get it , no one want to read about kid get rape by priest . especially now . but you ask a lot of people to relive some very painful experience and then you disappear ! sacha phil , you know why we be saviano take off the story . it 's be six week since 9/11 . sacha I realize that and we be go to get back to it . saviano when ? you be do the same sacha thing you guy do last time -- ...no ... 11/26/14 102. saviano -- you be drop we ! maybe I should tell the Herald that story ! sacha okay , phil . you can do that , it will undo all the work we have do . but I can not stop you . phil look away , but quiet . sacha ( cont 'd ) listen to I . I be here because I care . we be not go away . we be not go away . we be go to tell this story and we be go to tell it right . we just need more time , that 's all we be ask for . phil why bother ask ? you be gonna do what you want anyway . you always do . he get up and leave . sacha phil. phil ... but he 's go . off sacha -- 121 int . globe , marty 's office - evening 121 marty 's work at he computer . Ben knock . BEN marty , you gotta a second ? marty sure . marty turn as Ben walk in . BEN robby 's itching to get he team back on the church story . at this point , I think we be cover on 9/11 . marty okay . sound right . Ben start to leave when -- 11/26/14 103. marty ( cont 'd ) ben. ( then ) I , uh , want to say thank you for take the lead on 9/11 . all the politics at Logan and massport , I be not the person to do it . you have do a excellent job over the last six week . Ben be completely catch off guard . BEN oh. well ... thanks . ( awkward , exite ) good night . marty good night . 122 int . holiday inn , HOTEL room , miami , FL - later 122 a crappy hotel room . espn on tv , a suitcase , clothes , papers everywhere . Mike take a burrito out of the hotel microwave , try to pick it up when he phone ring . he grab the phone . mike ( into phone ) hey . robby ( over the phone ) how 's South Beach ? mike ( into phone ) I be in boynton Beach . remarkably different place . what 's up ? robby ( over the phone ) Mitch garabedian call I today . mike ( into phone ) why would he call you ? robby ( over the phone ) because he know you have yell at he . he refile the doc . mike ( into phone ) ( yell ) what ? robby , that doc be public now , we gotta get they before anyone else do ... 11/26/14 104. 123 int . globe , robby's office / spotlight - same time 123 robby sit in he chair . robby ( into phone ) I know , wrap up what you be do and catch the first flight you can . mike ( over the phone ) I will book a flight , go straight to the courthouse tomorrow . robby ( into phone ) good . call I when you get it . robby hang up . sacha be in he door , put on she coat . sacha robby , I have like to let phil saviano know that we be back on it . robby good idea . go have dinner with hansi . might be the last time for a while . sacha okay . sacha hesitates , then grab a clip off she desk . sacha ( cont 'd ) robby , after we see macleish , I start go back through the clip ... and I have a little time last week finally , so , uh ... ( she hand he the clip ) I find that . it 's from ' 93 . robby look down . we see the clip . '' lawyer for porter victims say 20 other priest in area be accused . '' robby 's face change . sacha wait , expect a response . robby that it ? robby 's abrupt tone catch sacha by surprise . sacha yeah . that 's it . robby good night . 124 125 126 127 11/26/14 105 . sacha okay . good night . sacha take a beat , then leave , a bit confuse and hurt . robby look down at the clip . off robby -- int . matt carroll 's house , bedroom , west roxbury , ma - night24 Matt sit up in bed . check the clock . 4 be . can not sleep . int . matt carroll' house , kitchen - later 125 Matt walk in , take two aspirin . he eye a 9/11 bumper sticker on the fridge . his gaze drift down to the photo of the house on pelton Street . Matt frown ... realize he 's back on the church . ext . modern restaurant , providence , RI - day 126 a wide shot . a well dress , good look man check he blackberry . robby walk in , introduce himself to the man . prelap -- int . modern restaurant , providence , RI - later 127 robby and the man , kevin , 40s , sit at a table . we be ina long shot . we see they talk . Kevin be friendly , amiable . kevin so , I be probably a few year after you , right ? robby more than a few . kevin ( laugh ) well after BC High , I come down to Providence , play hockey for the friar . robby you must have be pretty good . kevin no , ride the bench in college . but I love the city , never leave . we just have we third kid . and I still get my Globe , for the record . robby good to know . 129 130 131 11/26/14 106. Kevin smile . robby nod . take a beat . then dive in . robby ( cont 'd ) look , Kevin , that 's actually why I be here . I need ask you some question about Father Talbot . Kevin 's face tighten , he eye intense . robby wait . kevin how would you find out ? I guess that do not matter . ( shake he head ) I never even tell my wife . int . suffolk county courthouse , hallway - moment later 129 Mike , still carry he bag from the plane , emerge from a elevator , hurry down the hall , nearly knock people out of the way . he arrive at the record room and slam up against the glass just as the clerk ( o’brian ) lock the door . mike hey , hey , I need to get in there . clerk o’brian we be close . mike come on , let I in , five minute , come on . clerk o’brian I be sorry , we be close ! mike come on , five minute ! but the clerk leave . Mike bang the door in frustration . int . suffolk county courthouse , hallway - morning 130 the elevator door open and clerk o’brian walk out with coffee and a copy of the Globe . he approach the door and stop . Mike sit on the floor , wait . o’ Brian eye he . a beat , then he unlock the door . Mike follow he into -- int . suffolk county courthouse , record room - morning 131 o'brian walk in . Mike fill out a form at the ' application for record 's table . he turn to the desk , hand the form to clerk o'brian , who read it . 132 11/26/14 107 . clerk o’brian this be the geoghan case ? mike yeah . that 's right . clerk o’brian that record be seal . mike no , that 's a public motion , that record be public . look , I work for the Globe . Mike show he credential . clerk o’brian good for you . mike can I talk to you supervisor ? clerk o’brian he 's not in today . Mike , frustrated , eye the cross the clerk be wear . mike what about a judge ? you gotta have a judge who handle this issue . the clerk eye Mike . clerk o’brian Sixth floor . int . suffolk county courthouse , judge 's chamber - later 132 Mike walk in . see a receptionist . mike I would like to see judge volterra please . it 's urgent . receptionist judge be in court until 3:30 . mike there 's no other judge on duty ? receptionist would you like to have a seat ? her look say it all . 133 11/26/14 108. mike yeah . sure . I ’11l take a seat . Mike sit . frustrate and anxious . we prelap -- jack dunn ( prelap ) we understand the nature of the allegation against Father Talbot . int . BC high , president kemeza 's office , dorchester - day 133 robby , sacha sit with president bill kemeza , 5as , spokesman jack dunn , 40 , and Pete conley , the swell we meet earlier . jack dunn I be just not sure what you want from President kemeza . Talbot teach here long before Bill take over . sacha of course . we just want to know if it 's possible that the faculty , the President , the board , that no one know what be go on at the time . jack dunn I graduate in 1979 and I have no idea about any of this , so if you be suggest that Father gibbon and Father callahan -- robby gibbon and callahan run this place like the navy , Jack , you really think they do not know ? jack dunn it 's a big school , robby , you know that . you be talk about seven alleged victim over eight year . robby Seven that we know about . jack dunn president kameza this be ridiculous . you be Jack . Jack -- reach for a story here , we can not possible know if ... president kameza Jack . if I have be President back then , I would have know . conley look at he , sharp . 11/26/14 109 . jack dunn president kameza Bill , I be not sure that 's why do you think they send relevant -- Talbot up to cheverus ? you know they want he out of town . peter conley ( to robby , direct ) robby , as well - intentioned as Bill 's remark be , I be hope maybe we can keep this between we until we all get on the same page . robby be that why we be here , to get on the same page ? peter conley no , we be here because you be a important alumnus , robby , and a friend . jack dunn exactly . we know you care about this school as much as we do . robby contain he anger . robby do you play a sport here , Jack ? jack dunn ( confuse ) yeah . football . why ? robby I run track . ( then ) I go to Providence yesterday , to talk to one of Talbot 's victim , he play hockey here . he 's one of the better one , have a wife , kid , good job . ten minute into the conversation guy break down , could not stop cry . Said he could never figure out why Father Talbot pick he . ( beat , to Jack ) Father Talbot coach the hockey team . so , I guess we just get lucky , you and I . off sacha , watch he . 134 135 136 11/26/14 110. ext . BC high , dorchester , ma - day 134 robby and sacha walk from BC High back to the Globe . sacha do Jack Dunn work for the school ? robby no . he 's pr for Boston College . they call he when they need help . sacha and Pete conley ? why be he there ? robby good question . Pete 's a big alum . but I call Bill directly and I ask for a sit-down , I never mention anybody else . sacha it 's like everybody already know the story . this hit robby . he pause , look back at BC High . robby yeah , except we . and we work right there . int . suffolk county courthouse , judge 's chamber - later 135 Mike be still wait . a judge enter . Mike stand . mike judge volterra ? judge volterra yes ? mike hi , I be Mike rezende from the Boston Globe . I be have some trouble access some public record down in the record room . I be wonder if I could have a word with you ? int . suffolk county courthouse , judge 's chamber - later 136 judge vieri volterra stare down at Mike 's request . 137 138 11/26/14 111. judge volterra this exhibit you be after , Mr. rezende , they be very sensitive record . mike all due respect , you honor , that 's not the question here . the record be public . judge volterra maybe so , but tell I , where be the editorial responsibility in publishing record of this nature ? mike where 's the editorial responsibility in not publishing they ? int . suffolk county courthouse , record room - day 137 clerk o’brian drop the file in front of Mike , who dive in . his face say it all . holy shit . a beat , then Mike grab the file , start to rush out . clerk o’brian you can not take that . you need to make copy . mike yeah , I be go to the copy room . clerk o’brian it close at four . Mike stop , fuck . he dig into he pocket , count bill . mike I will give you 83 buck to use yours . ext . suffolk county courthouse , downtown boston - twilight 138 Mike , already on he cell phone , hurry across the street toward and catch a cab . mike hey , cabbie ! hey , hey , hey ! Mike get in cab . mike ( cont 'd ) I be go to the Boston Globe on morrisey boulevard . do not take 93 . take dorchester Avenue . ( more ) 138a 139 140b 140c 141 142 11/26/14 112. mike ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) robby , it 's incredible ! ext . state STREET , boston - moment later 138a Mike 's cab move up State Street . mike ( v.o. ) Law know about geoghan for year , no question ! there 's a letter to Law from a woman , Margaret gallant , who live in Jamaica plain in the early 80 's when geoghan be there . listen to this ... ext . king 's chapel , tremont STREET , boston - moment later 139 Mike 's cab whisk past the old King 's Chapel . mike ( v.o. ) ( read ) '' we family be roote in the Church , we desire be to protect the Holy order ... " ext . monsignor reynold 's way , south end - moment later 140b Mike 's cab pass the Cathedral of the Holy Cross . mike ( v.o. ) '' , ..even in the midst of we agony over the seven boy in we family ... ext . playground by the cathedral - moment later 140c Patrick mcsorley play with he kid on the playground . mike ( v.o. ) ..- who have be violate . " Seven , robby ! Seven boy ! ext . west 4 th STREET bridge , boston - later 141 the cab cross over the bridge into dorchester . mike ( v.o . ) '' it be suggest we keep silent . we do not question the Authority of the Church two year ago ... ext . old colony road , dorchester - later 142 the cab be stick on Old colony Road . it turn into a traffic circle , past St. monica 's church and onto Columbia Road . 142a 144 145 147 11/26/14 113. mike ( v.o. ) ... but since Father geoghan be still in he parish ... " she send it to Law and Law do shit ! ext . columbia STREET , dorchester - same time 142a the cab drive down by the water . mike ( v.o. ) here 's another one to Law , same year . listen to this ... ( read ) '' a word on the recent assignment of Father John geoghan ... " ext . boston globe - evening 144 the cab pull up . Mike jump out , pay the driver , hustle inside . mike ( v.o. ) '' , ..asS a associate at Saint Julia 's in Weston . Father geoghan ... " int . globe , lobby - later 145 Mike race in through the glass door , then hustle up the escalator ... mike ( v.o. ) '' , ..has a history of homosexual involvement with young boy . I understand he recent departure from Saint Brendan 's may be related to this problem ... " int . globe , spotlight office - night 147 the whole team sit around as Mike finish read . mike '' I wonder if Father geoghan should not be reduce to weekend work while receive therapy . you know how grateful I be to you for you constant concern , sincerely yours in we Lord , most reverend John M. d'arcy , auxiliary Bishop of Boston . December 7 , 1984 . " matt a auxiliary bishop write that ? 11/26/14 114. we see the letter , both address to Law . the team reel . sacha it 's incredible . he break rank . when do gallant write she letter ? mike 1984 . sacha and Law just ignore she . matt how do you ignore that freakin’ letter ?! mike we have get he . you can not read that letter and think anything else . it 's proof . robby yeah . it be . this be good work . mike should we take it up to Ben ? robby no , not yet . mike why not ? we get Law . this be it . robby no , this be Law cover for one priest . there 's another 90 out there . mike yeah , and we can print that story when we get it but we gotta go with this now . robby I be not gonna rush the story , Mike . mike we do not have a choice , if we do not run to press , somebody else be gonna find that letter and butcher the story ! Joe quimby from the Herald be at the freakin’ courthouse ! 149 11/26/14 115. robby so we will write a hold story and we will keep a eye on the Herald . mike ( lose it ) keep we eye on the Herald ? they run this and they get it wrong , the Church will bury it ! we gotta do this now ! matty mike Mike -- what ? why be we hesitate ! Baron tell we to get Law ! robby Baron tell we to get the system . we need the full scope , that 's the only thing that will put a end to this . mike then let 's take it up to Ben , let he decide ! robby we will take it to Ben when I say it 's time . mike it 's time , robby . they know and they let it happen ! to kid ! this coulda be you , it coulda be I , it could have be any one of we . we gotta nail this scumbag , show people that no one can get away with this ! not a priest or a cardinal or a frick Pope ! robby , sacha , and Matt be still . Mike look around the room , out of breath , adrenaline drain . robby be piss . robby you finish ? mike yeah . I be . this be bullshit . Mike leave , slamm the door behind he . int . sacha 's house , kitchen - night 149 sacha and hansi have just finish dinner . hansi 's clean off the table as sacha load the dishwasher . 150 11/26/14 116. she try to slide the upper rack into the dishwasher . it 's jamme . she try again . it will not go . she jiggle the rack , try a third time ... she snap , slamm the rack hard , send the dirty glass crash into each other . she look up ... hansi be just stare at she . whoa . hansi you okay ? before she can answer , there 's a knock on the door . hansi walk over , open the door . it 's Mike . mike hey , hansi . hansi hard day at work , Mike ? ext . sacha 's house , back porch - later 150 sacha walk onto the porch with two beer , hand one to Mike . mike thanks . I dunno why I get so piss off . I mean I think robby 's wrong but ... sacha you care about the story , Mike . we all do . Mike take a drink . sacha ( cont 'd ) I stop go to church with my nana . it be just too hard . I would be sit there and I would start think about Joe crowley or someone else and I have just get so angry . mike do you tell she why ? sacha she go to church three time a week , Mike . Mike consider this . shake he head . mike really piss I off . ( then ) ( more ) 151 11/26/14 117. mike ( cont 'd ) you know , I actually like go to mass when I be a kid . sacha why have you stop ? mike typical shit . ( then ) but the weird thing be , I think there be a part of I that figure one day , maybe I have go back . I be hold on to that . sacha watch he , not expect this . mike ( cont 'd ) and when I read that letter , something just crack . sacha that 's a shitty feel . mike yeah . it 's a shitty feel . off the two of they , a little lose ... int . fairmont HOTEL , oak room , downtown boston - night 151 the posh bar of one of Boston 's oldest hotel . robby be at the bar , a glass of red wine in front of he . peter conley look like a long day . robby hey Pete . peter conley I be sorry to make it longer . Brian ? Peter conley sit , nod to the barman : ' the usual . 's robby anyone ever say no to a drink with you , Pete ? peter conley sure . the trick be to keep ask . ( raise he glass ) for Boston . 11/26/14 118. robby for Boston . ( drink , then ) so , you here for the cardinal ? peter conley no , no , I would not presume to speak for the cardinal . ( then ) you gotta a lot of people here who respect you , robby , respect you work . robby good to know . peter conley it 's ' cause you care about this place . it 's why you do what you do , it 's who you be . but people need the Church more than ever right now . you can feel it . and the cardinal May not be perfect but we can not throw out all the good he 's do over a few bad apple . robby let this sink in . nod as if in agreement . peter conley ( cont ’d ) I be bring this up with you because I know this be Baron 's idea . his agenda . and I gotta tell you , honest to God , I do not think he care about this city the way we do . how could he ? robby look at conley . a long beat . robby this be how it happen , be not it , Pete ? peter conley what 's that ? robby a guy lean on a guy and suddenly the whole town just look the other way . stung . Pete downs he drink . get up . 153 154 11/26/14 119 . peter conley robby , look . marty Baron be just try to make he mark . he ’1ll be here for a couple year and he 's gonna move on . just like he do in New York and Miami . where you gonna go ? he start to go . robby Pete ? ( Pete turn ) when we do run the story , I be gonna need a comment from the cardinal . conley take it . then smile . peter conley we will talk again later . good night , robby . int . globe , robby's office / spotlight office - day 153 robby , Mike , sacha and Matt sit work . it 's dark , quiet , serious . a beat , then robby 's phone ring . he answer . robby ( into phone ) robby . what ? no shit , when ? okay . ( hang up , call out ) hey . the team look towards robby 's office as he walk in . mike what 's up ? robby sweeney rule in we favor . she rule to unseal the document . mike jeez ... the group sit stunne . int . globe , marty 's office - early evening 154 marty , Ben , robby , and canellos ( the Metro editor we meet earlier ) sit with the Globe lawyer , albano . 11/26/14 120. albano the Church already file a appeal . but the trial court 's ruling be generally upheld in this matter . marty and when would we get the document ? albano probably take Cohen a few week to rule , then there 's 1l be a redaction process ... I have say they 's 1ll be make public mid-January . marty okay . thanks , John . and nice work . albano exit . canellos Metro should run something , marty . robby we can not run this big . canellos why would not we ? it 's a major first amendment victory . not to mention , a irish Catholic judge rule against the church ? that 's a hell of a precedent . robby ( to Ben ) we do not want the Herald go too deep on this . marty why 's that ? robby you be gonna have to step out , Peter . canellos I be not step out . robby pick up a folder of document on the table beside he . he place it in front of marty . marty pick it up . BEN Peter . march order . canellos exit , not happy . 11/26/14 121. 155 int . globe , marty 's office - moment later 155 close on the letter . reveal marty and Ben read , stunned . marty when do you -- robby a couple of week ago . BEN a couple of week ? robby yeah . BEN and you be tell we now ? marty this be substantial . they clearly show that Law be negligent . Ben and marty stare at robby . a beat , then -- robby I need more time . I want to keep digging . BEN for what ? this be the goddamn story . robby it 's not the whole story . BEN ( dismissive ) tough shit . we be on a clock now . even if we do not run sweeney 's ruling , another paper could find this letter and fuck the story . robby agreed . but we run the letter alone , Law apologize , say it 's a one time thing , he can bury it . marty how ? this clearly show he know and do nothing . robby look , I be close to storey on 70 priest . ( more ) 11/26/14 122. robby ( cont 'd ) we nail that along with that letter , it 's proof that this be bigger than Law . it 's the whole system . marty consider . marty you have multiple source confirm the 70 priest ? robby on some . I can get more . BEN too risky . if we be not buttone up on every single one of they , the Church 's 11 pick we apart . robby 's up against it . he play he hand . robby I think I can get someone from the other side of the aisle . BEN someone inside the Church ? robby yeah , a lawyer . marty will he go on the record ? robby deep background . but he 's a solid source . marty consider . a beat , then Ben step in . BEN rezende need time to write up the story . we do not want to drop this at Christmas , not after 9 /11 . we could run it just after New Year 's , before the rest of the document be release . marty okay . tell canellos to bury the ruling in metro. ( then , to robby ) you have get six week . 156 157 157a 1571 157 fa 157fb 157e 11/26/14 123. robby nod , get up and leave . Ben follow he into -- int . globe , newsroom outside marty 's office - continuous 156 Ben and robby walk out . BEN tell Mike I want a draft before Christmas . and we need a response from Lake Street . who do pr for the cardinal ? still John walsh ? robby no , somebody new , donna morrisey , she come from tv , she 's young . BEN good , get a quote , we need something from Law to appear even-handed . robby get it . BEN and robby ? next time give I a goddamn head up ? Ben exit . robby take it on the chin then walk off . as he do , we hear a child 's voice start into silent night ... investigation / writing montage 157 as a second child join in , we see a series of shot ... mikea computer . 41 day until deadline . the very 157a start of the story . find Mike in spotlight , peck out the story on he computer . Matt , coat and briefcase , walk out ... sacha with phil , crowley and another guy at a shitty 1571 diner , sad Christmas decor . sacha do not eat , she write on a pad . mikea computer . 21 day until deadline . the story 157 fa be further along ... Matt drive down the street in he car , eye on a old 157 fb man , put down salt on the front walk of the treatment CENTER . in BEN 's office , Mike watch Ben and robby read the 157e story . Cross out . he hand it back to Mike . not there yet . 157f 1573 157ja 157m 161 162 11/26/14 124 . a SMALL hyde park live room . a man in 40s cry , 157f talk to sacha . a Christmas tree in the background . mikea computer . 8 day until deadline . more edit on 1573 the story . find Mike in he apartment . editing . a beer by the computer ... a e-mail to robby from Ben : ' where be we on you 157 ja source ? it 's time . 's find robby in he office , stare at the computer . a night mass at a east boston church . 157 m as the child 's choir finish Silent night , we find Mike , in the doorway , stand there . watch . cut to -- ext . sullivan house , brookline - night 161 the door of a pretty colonial , a wreath still up . a hand knock . the door open . a pretty woman ( jim ’'s wife ) smile . jim' wife robby . what a nice surprise . reveal robby at the door . he walk into -- int . sullivan house , jim 's home office - moment later 162 Jim sit at on a leather couch watch golf . through a door , we see a Christmas tree . his wife and robby walk in . jim' wife look who I find outside . Jim look up , less than happy to see robby stand there . jim hon , give we a minute , will you ? Jim 's wife look surprised . jim' wife sure . robby good to see you , Karen . she leave . Jim turn off the tv , jim what 's up ? robby pull out a list , hand it to Jim . 163 11/26/14 125. robby I be out of time , Jim . we have get cover - up storey on 70 priest , but the boss be not gonna run it unless I get confirmation from you side . Jim turn off the tv , look it over . jim be you out of you mind ? robby come on . this be we town , Jimmy . we all know something be go on and no one do a thing . we gotta put a end to it . jim do not tell I what I gotta do ! yeah , I help defend this scumbag , but that 's my job , robby . I be do my job ! robby yeah . you and everyone else . Jim stand , hand robby the list . jim get out of my house . ext . sullivan house , brookline - moment later 163 robby walk out of the house , toward he car . jim hey ! robby turn , find Sullivan . jim ( cont 'd ) you come to my home and lay this shit on I ! ( then ) you be right , robby , we all know something be go to on . so where be you ? what take you so long ?! this land with robby . no answer . robby I do not know , Jimmy . Jim shake he head , look like he might slug robby . 163a 164 11/26/14 126. jim give I the list . Jim hold out he hand . robby hand he the list . Jim eye the first page , flip to the second . he check the name ... then flip back . he look at robby . hold out a hand for a pen . robby give he one . Jim lean on the roof of robby 's car . Marks up the list , then hand it back to robby . nothing more to say , Jim turn and walk away . robby look down at the list . react . the entire first page be circle . and the second . ext . globe - day ( formerly 171a , already shot ) 163a the Globe Building . snow fall . mike ( into phone , prelap ) Larry , we be go to press in six hour . int . globe , spotlight office - day 164 Mike and Matt work the phone . matt ( into phone ) donna morrisey say she have call we with a quote from Law hour ago . mike ( into phone ) matt ( into phone ) that 's what I think . okay , when do you talk to she ? Larry . yeah . that 's good to know . thanks , Pete . they hang up . Mike walk to the coffee machine . mike anything ? matt conley say donna morrisey should have call , he just leave Lake Street . mike yeah . rasky say the same thing . matt this be ridiculous . you would think they want to get out ahead of this . 165 11/26/14 127. mike they would be idiot not to . I have love to see they face when they read this . both of they wait . matt you know , Sunday 's the feast of the epiphany . mike seem appropriate . the phone ring . Mike grab it . mike ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) Mike rezende . hi donna . thanks for call . I just have a few question if you have a minute .... Mike listen . Matt wait . mike ( cont 'd ) what ? I just hang up with Larry rasky ... he listen , then grab a pad and start write furiously . int . globe , marty 's office - day 165 marty sit read copy . he cross something out . Ben , robby and sacha sit opposite marty . BEN what ? marty another adjective . Mike and Matt roll in . robby anything ? mike Law just turn we down . BEN Jesus Christ . mike I just get off the phone with donna morrisey . she say , quote : ( more ) 11/26/14 128. mike ( cont 'd ) ( off he pad ) '' we do not even want to know what the question be . '' end quote . robby she really say that ? mike ( slight smile ) yeah . BEN ( to marty ) that oughta do it . marty ( write ) '' the Church have no interest in know what the Globe 's question would be . '' ( hand it to Mike ) work it in somewhere before the jump . ( to the team ) anything else ? robby Matt want to put the letter online so reader can see it for themselves . matt we can run the url at the bottom of the article . it 's pretty straightforward . no one really know what that mean . marty okay . matt we also put the spotlight tip line at the end of the story so people can call in . go directly to we office . sacha Matt and I will be in in the morning in case we get any call . BEN I be more concerned about the phone at reception . ( more ) 11/26/14 129 . BEN ( cont 'd ) after we run the porter story , the message center be tie up for week . it be a real problem . matt and we have picketer . lot of they . marty i‘1l talk to Gilman about security and the phone . ( to robby ) how 's it come on the folo story ? robby look to sacha . sacha we have nail down multiple storey on seventy priest . marty all seventy ? sacha yeah . and with the confirmation from robby 's source , we be ready to go . we can have a draft next week . marty robby , that source of yours , be this someone we could revisit ? robby might be tough . BEN but he have no problem help the church protect dozen of dirty priest . guy 's a scumbag . Matt glance at robby . who 's look at ben. matt he 's a lawyer , he 's do he job . mike he a shill for the Church . BEN he know and do nothing . mike he coulda say something about this year ago . maybe save some life . 11/26/14 130 . robby what about we ? BEN what 's that suppose to mean ? robby we have all the piece . why do not we get it sooner ? BEN we do not have all the piece . robby we have saviano , we have Barrett , we have geoghan . we have the directory in the basement . BEN you know what ? we get it now . mike robby , this story need spotlight . robby spotlight 's be around since 1970 . BEN so what ? we do not know the scope of this . no one do . this start with one goddamn priest , robby . robby look at sacha . a beat . robby macleish send we a letter on 20 priest , year ago . sacha find the clip . mike be you freaking kid I ? 20 priest ? BEN when ? sacha just after porter . December of ' 93 . robby we bury the story in Metro . no folo . sacha find the clip . 165a 166 11/26/14 131. BEN that be you . you be Metro . robby yeah , that be I . I have just take over . I do not remember it at all . but yeah . the room quiet . gut punch . Ben shake he head . marty uh , can I say something ? they turn to he . marty ( cont 'd ) sometimes it 's easy to forget that we spend most of we time stumbling around in the dark . suddenly a light get turn on , and there 's fair share of blame to go around . ( then ) I can not speak to what happen before I arrive but all of you have do some very good report here , report that I believe be go to have a immediate and considerable impact on we reader . ( then ) for I , this kind of story be why we do this . the team take this in . marty ( cont 'd ) have say that , cardinal Law and the Catholic community be go to have a very strong response to this . so if you need to take a moment , you have earn it . but I will need you back here Monday morning focus and ready to do you job . ext . globe - night ( formerly 171a , already shot ) 165a the building be dark , save for the PRESS room . through the window , we see the press . running . int . globe , BEN 's office - night ( formerly 166a ) 166 Ben , coat on , sit alone in he office . marty ( 0.c. leave ? 166a 166b 167 11/26/14 132. Ben look up . marty 's in the door . Ben stand . BEN yeah . Ben walk out into -- ext . globe newsroom - continuous ( formerly 166b ) 166a Ben and marty walk across the quiet press room . marty I just get a call from the cardinal . BEN really . why ? marty he want to tell I personally that he have decide not to comment . he say he want to , uh , extend I that courtesy . BEN Jesus , the ball on that guy . what have you say ? marty I tell he he be make a mistake . and that we be go to run the story . BEN damn right we be gonna run it . int . globe , presses - night 166b the papers run ... int . sacha 's grandmother 's house , dine room = night 167 Old , delicate hand move slowly over copy . find sacha 's grandmother read a early edition of the paper . upset . sacha , sit nearby , watch she . but there 's no emotion , no empathy . she 's blank , empty . nothing leave to feel ... sacha 's grandmother sacha , can I have a drink of water ? sacha sure , nana . sacha get up , walk into the kitchen . 167a 168 169 170 172a 11/26/14 133. int . globe , loading dock - night 167a bundle of papers fly down circular chute into the truck . inside the truck , man grab the bundle , and stack they . int . garabedian 's office , conference room = night 168 reveal Mitch stand behind he desk , at the window . he read another early edition . then fold it up and hand it back to Mike ... who 's stand in front of the desk . garabedian can I keep this ? mike sure . I think you should see it first . garabedian thank you for bring it by . now I have some client I have to attend to . Mitch go back to work . same old Mitch . Mike walk out . int . garabedian office , hallway - continuous . 169 Mike walk back toward the elevator . he press the button , wait , hear child laugh . he peer into -- int . garabedian office , SMALL waiting room - continuous 170 a mother sit with two young child , ten and eight , play innocently . the mother , distraught , finger rosary bead . it 's reminiscent of we open . garabedian both boy be abuse . Jamaica plain . two week ago . in the hallway , garabedian stand behind Mike . garabedian ( cont 'd ) keep do you work , Mr. rezende . he go in . Mike just stand there , gute . off Mike , he reflection play on the window , CUT to -- ext . globe - night 172a the GREEN and gold truck roll out from the Globe . we see headlight , a car wait for the truck to pass . push in ... and we see it 's robby behind the wheel . CUT into -- 172b a173 173 174 174a 11/26/14 134. int . robby 's car - same time 172b robby sit in he car watch the truck roll out . ext . boston - dawn a173 the sparkling boston skyline . the City on the Hill . ext . west roxbury , boston - early morning 173 a welcome mat . a copy of the Globe be slap down . we see the headline : Church allow abuse by Priest for year . reveal Matt walk away from the door . we see it 's the treatment center near he house . int . globe , hallway - early morning 174 we be behind sacha as she walk down the hall . she open the firehose box , grab a key . unlock the door to spotlight . int . globe , spotlight - early morning 174a sacha enter , turn on the light , take off she coat . Matt enter . matt hey . sacha Morning . matt how have you sleep ? sacha not very well . you ? matt I have not sleep well for month . I have actually start write . sacha write ? matt yeah , I be work on a book . give I something else to focus on . sacha that 's great . what kind of book ? matt horror . 175 177 11/26/14 135 . sacha react , the irony not lose on she . the phone ring . the tip line . they both stare . at last , Matt pick up . matt ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) spotlight . yeah . yeah , of course . can I get you name please ? he grab a pen . as he and sacha trade a look , CUT to -- ext . globe , front parking lot - morning 175 the small visitor 's lot at the Globe entrance be empty , save for mike 's car . idling . robby 's car enter , pull up next to Mike 's . robby look across at Mike . the two man connect . Mike and robby get out of they car . robby you do know it 's Sunday , right ? mike I could not get a tee time . robby smile . Mike note the security guard at the entrance . mike ( cont 'd ) no picketer . robby probably still at church . they walk in . Warrior return home . int . globe , newsroom - early morning 177 Mike and robby walk into the newsroom . it 's quiet . Mike and robby share a confuse look as they reach the desk . linda , the operator , and two other sit by the phone . bore . robby hey Linda . mike it 's quiet , huh ? linda yeah . easiest overtime I ever make , phone have not rung once . marty send two of mine down to spotlight . Mike and robby trade a look . spotlight ? they start move . 178 179 11/26/14 136. linda ( cont 'd ) ( call out after they ) great article guy . robby mike thank you . thanks . they hustle through the empty newsroom , head downstairs . we hold on marty , in he office . work . as always . int . globe , hallway - continuous 178 robby and Mike charge from the stairwell . they quickly walk down the corridor with purpose . as they do , we hear ... a murmur . buzz . and ringing phone . Mike and robby trade a look , pick up the pace . as they approach spotlight , the murmur grow . we hear more phone ... and voice ... Mike and robby get to the door . we hold on they for a second as they stand in the doorway , look into -- int . globe , spotlight office - continuous 179 Chaos . sacha and Matt and two intern answer phone . overwhelm . a intern cup a phone , turn to Matt -- intern I get another shanley victim . sacha I all take it . ( to robby ) the phone have be ringing all morning . sacha take the call . nearby , Matt 's on the phone , mark up the board ... it have ton of new name , phone number . matty ( into the phone ) sacha ( into the phone ) uh huh , yeah . I know it 's this be sacha pfeiffer . yes , tough to talk about . thank you for call . who be I speak with ? Mike and robby stare . Matt spot they . matt ( into phone ) hold one minute please . ( to Mike ) Mike , could you grab that ? Mike move for he desk , grab the phone . matt ( cont 'd ) they be almost all victim , robby . 11/26/14 137 . this land on robby . a beat . then he move to he desk . pass Mike , already pick up a phone ... mike ( into phone ) this be spotlight . robby move to he desk . he watch the team answer phone , work . a beat . then he grab a phone . robby ( into phone ) spotlight . fade to black . a card appear . over the course of 2002 , the spotlight team publish close to 600 storey about the scandal . the card fade . another card appear . 249 priest and brother be publicly accuse of sexual abuse within the Boston archdiocese . the number of survivor in Boston be estimate to be well over 1,000 . the card fade . another card appear . in December 2002 , cardinal Law resign from the Boston archdiocese . he be re-assign to the basilica di Santa Maria maggiore in Rome , one of the high rank Roman Catholic church in the world . the card fade . another card appear . Major abuse scandal have be uncover in the follow place : 11/26/14 138. anchorage AK , fairbank AK , St. Michael AK , stebbin AK , mobile al , Phoenix az , Tucson az , yuma az , Los Angeles CA , Los gato CA , monterey CA , oakland CA , Orange CA , Sacramento CA , San bernardino CA , San Diego CA , Santa Barbara CA , Santa Rosa CA , stockton CA , Denver CO , bridgeport ct , hartford ct , wilmington do , Miami FL , Palm Beach FL , marietta ga , Savannah ga , honolulu hi , davenport ia , dubuque ia , farmington ia , Grand mound ia , Chicago IL , joliet IL , Peoria IL , Indianapolis in , conway Springs KS , Kansas City KS , anchorage ky , covington ky , louisville ky , New Orleans LA , fall River ma , Springfield ma , wellesley ma , worcester ma , Baltimore md , Portland I , Detroit MI , Grand rapid MI , collegeville mn , greenbush mn , onamia mn , St. Paul / minneapolis mn , cape girardeau mo , hannibal mo , Kansas City mo , St. Louis mo , Jackson ms , billing mt , helena mt , St. ignatius mt , Raleigh NC , fargo nd , lincoln ne , omaha ne , Manchester nh , camden NJ , mendham NJ , Gallup nm , Santa Fe nm , albany NY , Brooklyn NY , goshen NY , New York NY , Rochester NY , rockville Centre NY , Cincinnati oh , Cleveland oh , Toledo oh , Baker or , Portland or , Altoona PA , Philadelphia PA , Pittsburgh PA , scranton PA , East greenwich RI , Providence RI , Charleston sc , marty indian School SD , rosebud reservation SD , Memphis tn , Nashville tn , Dallas TX , El paso TX , Fort Worth TX , San Antonio TX , Richmond VA , burlington vt , briscoe Memorial , WA , Seattle WA , spokane WA , yakima WA , milwaukee wi , St. Francis wi 11/26/14 139 . berazategui Argentina , Buenos Aires Argentina , mordn Argentina , paranda Argentina , pilar Argentina , quilmes Argentina , salta Argentina , adelaide Australia , ballarat Australia , bass Hill Australia , bathurst Australia , bindoon Australia , canberra Australia , Dandenong Australia , goulburn Australia , hobart Australia , lancefield Australia , Melbourne Australia , mildura Australia , mittagong Australia , morisset Australia , mount isa Australia , neerkol Australia , newcastle Australia , perth Australia , Sydney Australia , Toowoomba Australia , wagga wagga Australia , wollongong Australia , hollabrunn Austria , bruge Belgium , flawinne Belgium , ottré Belgium , arapiraca Brazil , franca Brazil , mariana Brazil , Rio de Janeiro Brazil , antigonish Canada , Chatham Canada , igloolik Canada , sherbrooke Canada , St. John 's Canada , wilno Canada , cottolengo chile , maipa chile , melipilla chile , quilicura chile , santiago chile , medellin colombia , rab Croatia , Santo domingo dominican Republic , London England , Manchester England , middlesbrough England , Preston England , reading England , caen France , Saint - jean-de - maurienne France , Berlin Germany , munich Germany , riekhofen Germany , ollur India , curracloe Ireland , Dublin Ireland , gortahork Ireland , kilnacrott Ireland , letterfrack Ireland , lota Ireland , monageer Ireland , wexford Ireland , nairobi kenya , ngong kenya , ciudad de méxico méxico , cuacnopalan méxico , San Luis potosi méxico , Auckland New Zealand , Christchurch New Zealand , feild New Zealand , Hamilton New Zealand , masterton New Zealand , silverstream New Zealand , akute Nigeria , kircubbin Northern Ireland , trondheim Norway , ayacucho Peru , chimbote Peru , bontoc Philippines , cebu City Philippines , manila Philippines , Naval Philippines , tubay Philippines , poznan Poland , Edinburgh Scotland , rufisque senegal , bo Sierra leone , brit South Africa , cape town South Africa , comillas Spain , Grenada Spain , soni tanzania , Mérida Venezuela fade out .