" stalag 17 " screenplay by billy wilder and Edwin blum base on a play by Donald bevan and Edmund trzcinski shoot draft sequence " a " fade in : barbed wire against a wintry night sky Beyond it , more barb wire . Ice have form on the strand . now and then searchlight beam crisscross the pattern . as the camera slowly move along the double fence , superimpose - the credit title the great camp - ( night ) a wide expanse of barren ground checker with cluster of barrack , section off into compound by double barb - wire fence , nine foot high . searchlight sweep over the barrack , the muddy ground with the snow patch , and the pine forest beyond the barb - wire . the searchlight come from the goon tower -- little guard house elevate on pole -- intersperse along the fence . cookie' voice ( with a occasional stammer ) I do not know about you , but it always make I sore when I see that war picture -- all about fly leather - neck and submarine patrol and frogmen and guerilla in the Philippines . I do not want to take anything away from that guy , but what get I be that there never be a movie about p.o.w.s -- about prisoner of war . now my name be clarence harvey cook , -- they call I Cookie . I be shot down over magdeburg , Germany back in 43 . that 's why I stammer a little once in a while , especially when I get excited and I always get excited when I talk about stalag 17 . I spend two and a half year in stalag 17 . stalag be the kraut word for prison camp and number 17 be somewhere near krem on the danube . there be about forty thousand p.o.w.s there , if ... our compound in the foreground the big gate . above it a sign : stalag 17 - D . on both side of the gate german guard in heavy coat , rifle sling over they shoulder . they stomp about in enormous boot with high cork sole to keep warm . Beyond the gate about eight low barrack form a U about the appell - ground . they be primitive one -story wooden structure all set up on stilt about two foot high . from one of the building -- the administration Building -- fly the swastika . in between the barrack be the wash latrine . a road run through the slushy compound to the compound beyond . one of the goon tower a couple of german guard up there , one at the machine gun , the other work the searchlight . cookie' voice you bother to count the Russians and the pole and the czech . in we compound there be about six hundred and thirty of we -- all american airmen , all shot down by the kraut -- radio operator , gunner and engineer -- all sergeant . now you put six hundred and thirty sergeant together and boin ! -- you have get yourself a situation ! there be more firework shoot off around that place ! take for instance the story about the spy we have in we barrack . it be about a week before Christmas in ' 44 and two of we guy -- manfredi and Johnson to be exact -- be just get set to blow the joint ... the hundefuehrer a german guard plodd along inside the barb wire with four mean mastiff strain at the leash . the light from the goon tower graze over he . one of the barracks the light sweep slowly over the long shack . catch the sign : baracke 4 . catch one of the door , lock from outside with a heavy wooden bar . inside barrack bunk on both side . tripledecked bunk . in the bunk seventy - five american p.o.w.s huddle in blanket . in between the bunk , in the little space leave to they , crude table , a iron stove , makeshift stool . every inch crowded with whatever they have . up above and all the way down the barrack hang they wash . over all of it , the heavy stench of seventy - five man coope up . from outside through the break , patch window the searchlight sweep over the bunk . the man be all asleep . or be they ? the far end of the barrack this be the strategic spot of the story . in the five tier of bunk live we major character . in the upper bunk lie hoffy . Little fellow . plenty of authority . the barrack Chief . his eye be wide open . he be study he wristwatch , the phosphorescent numeral shine in the dark . in the other bunk lie the other , wide awake , tense : duke , big bellyacher . triz , six - foot - three , ninety - eight pound . price , the barrack Security Chief . quiet , touch of class . manfredi , no cover , fully dress . harry , bug -ey , cocky . blondie , fair-skinn , boyish . johnson , fully dress like manfredi . scare . sefton , casual . in he mouth a cold cigar butt . hoffy again . still stare at the wristwatch . this be the moment . he lift the metal dogtag off he chest and jiggle they . this be the signal . Duke instantly slide out of the bunk , grab up he blanket and move toward the window . a searchlight beam sweep across . Duke go flush on the ground . the light pass on . Duke get up again and start hang the blanket over the window . now the other go into action , silently , efficiently . except for manfredi and Johnson they be all in long winter underwear , some in slack and sock . as for sefton , he be lie in he bunk just watch they . blondie hang a blanket over the window . triz swing one over the clothesline to shield off they end of the barrack . hoffy and price light a couple of handmade lamp : margarine in tin can with the wick stick inside . manfredi and Johnson be put on they leather jacket . Harry try to awaken stosh in the bunk above he . the wooden board around stosh 's bunk be plaster with Betty grable cheesecake . Harry poke he . stosh do not respond . Harry interlock he finger , put they close to stosh 's ear and crack they in a sharp salvo . stosh open he eye , daze . Harry pat stosh 's cheek . harry ( in a whisper ) get up , Animal ! Betty grable 's on the phone ! stosh give he a dirty look . get out of the bunk . he and Harry move to the little iron stove . triz be already dismantle the pipe above the stove . Harry and stosh lift the stove and start inching it to one side . hoffy move to a large bucket of water . it be a trick job : a bucket within a bucket . he lift out the shallow inner part with the water . Hidden underneath be some civilian clothes . he take they out , cross to manfredi and Johnson . ( all the dialogue in this scene in whisper , of course . ) hoffy here 's you civilian clothes , boy . manfredi okay , hoffy . Duke take the clothes from hoffy and start stuff they into a small barrack bag . hoffy bury you Army outfit before you get out of the forest . manfredi okay . hoffy the compass be the top button on you pants , Johnson . johnson okay . sefton , propped up in he bunk , watch the proceedings with a pity little smile . he eye wander to Harry and stosh . by now they have move the stove some four foot to the side , and start carefully lift some saw - off plank out of the floor . blondie be stand watch by the blanket - cover window , peek out . price slip a wire hook down into the crack between a bunk and the wall , fish out a sheaf of papers and walk to manfredi and Johnson . price anybody ask for you papers , you be french laborer . he hand they the papers . price you map -- you kraut money -- swiss francs . manfredi Roger . price now , let 's hear it once more , boy . johnson we have be over it a hundred time . hoffy let 's hear it again . manfredi we stick to the forest go west until we hit the danube -- price check . johnson then follow the danube up to linz -- price check . johnson in linz we hop a barge and go all the way to ulm -- from off come the weird sound of a ocarina be play . they turn . it 's joey in he bunk play the sweet potato . he 's nut all right . duke stop it , joey -- go to sleep ! joey hide the ocarina behind he back , afraid they may take it away . price ( to Johnson ) go on . you be in ulm . johnson once in ulm we lie low until night , then take a train to friedrichshafen . manfredi then once in friedrichshafen we steal a rowboat , get some fishing tackle , and start drift across the lake -- always south -- until we hit the other side -- Switzerland . sefton have get out of he bunk , and be pick up the margarine lamp . sefton bingo . once in Switzerland , just give out with a big yodel so we will know you be there . it 's a breeze , boy . he light he cigar butt with the margarine lamp . manfredi and Johnson shoot he a nervous glance . hoffy stay out of it , sefton . sefton just one question . do you calculate the risk ? Harry and stosh have by now remove the loose plank off the floor . a small black hole gape below they . harry ready . hoffy , price , manfredi and Johnson move toward the trap door , Johnson carry the barrack bag . hoffy look at he watch . hoffy you get ten minute to get through the tunnel . that will bring you out just when the jerries be change shift . ( turn to window ) blondie ? blondie give he the high sign . hoffy ( to manfredi and Johnson ) okay , boy -- peel off . there be handshake , goodby and good-luck . stosh when you get go on that broad , think of I ! harry Animal ! Animal ! be not you ashamed of yourself ? a couple of guy be try to escape and you be think of broad . broad ? he do a take . johnson ( with feel ) we will miss you , you crud . he turn and climb down through the trap . before manfredi follow he , he turn away , go down on he knee , cross himself quickly . underneath barrack 4 - ( night ) Johnson have already land on the ground . manfredi slip down . they look around and start crawl off in the direction of the latrine . int . barrack 4 - ( shoot up through trap ) stosh be peer after they , he head hang down through the trap from above . Beyond he in the barrack , hoffy , price and Duke bend over stosh , wait for development . underneath barrack 4 - ( night ) from stosh 's point of view : manfredi and Johnson have now reach the end of the barrack and be crawl into the compound towards the wash latrine some fifteen foot away . a searchlight sweep dangerously towards they . int . barrack stosh pull up from the trap , he eye close , he finger in he ear . he do not want to see or hear the two out there get shot . the other stand petrify . no shot , no scream . so stosh bend down into the trap again . ext . barrack 4 - ( night ) manfredi and Johnson just manage to fling themselves back under the barrack as the searchlight sweep past . then , they get on they foot again and dash to the wash latrine -- just ahead of another searchlight from the other direction . int . wash latrine - ( night ) a primitive , roofless structure , with wooden partition shield it from the outside . above , a water tank with pipe run down to spigot over a trough . under the trough , a wooden lattice to stand on . manfredi and Johnson have reach first base . they stand breathless . then manfredi pick up the lattice , lean it against the trough , and lift a dirt - cover trap lead into the tunnel . Johnson have tie the barrack bag to he own ankle . they hear barking . freeze . the hundefuehrer lead the mastiff past the wash latrine . one of the mastiff be barking . he seem to smell something , but the other dog pull he along . int . wash latrine - ( night ) manfredi and Johnson wait until the barking fade in the distance . Johnson , the barrack bag tie to he ankle , jump down into the narrow vertical shaft . manfredi follow . he pull the trap shut over he head in such a way that the lattice fall into place on top of it . the tunnel a shaft about three foot square and five foot deep lead into a narrow , crudely shore - up tunnel . Johnson and manfredi light they Zippo lighter and start worm they way through the tunnel , Johnson lead the way , the barrack bag drag from he ankle . int . barrack Harry and stosh move the stove back into place . hoffy fix up the trick bucket . price pace up and down . sefton lean against a bunk , smoking the cigar . hoffy they ought to be under the barb wire soon . blondie ( still cover the window ) look good outside . stosh I hope they hit the danube before dawn . price they get a good chance . this be the longest night of the year . triz I bet you they make it to friedrichshafen all right . stosh I bet they get all the way to Switzerland ! sefton and I bet they do not even get out of the forest . they all look at he . duke now what kind of a crack be that ? sefton no crack . two pack of cigarettes say they do not get out of the forest . hoffy that 's enough , sefton . crawl back into you sack . harry he would make book on he own mother get hit by a truck ! sefton take two pack of cigarettes from he pocket and throw they on the table . sefton anybody call ? hoffy go on , sefton -- butt out ! duke wait a minute , hoffy -- I want to back that kid . I will cover ten of that . he start shaking cigarettes out of he pack onto the table . triz I will take five . price eight . hoffy put I down for ten , you louse . duke ( throw two pack on the table ) I will call the whole pot . sefton whatever you say . ( call off ) hey , Cookie -- get I some more cigarettes . cookie , a chipmunk of a kid , scramble down from he bunk -- the one above sefton' . drag out a footlocker from under sefton 's bunk . the footlocker be chain to the bunk -post . Cookie open it , start take cigarettes out . about twelve guy be around sefton by now , make they bet . harry here 's two and a half . sefton no butt . Cookie come over with a carton . cookie ( with a stammer ) w-w- will that do or do you want some m-m - m --? sefton that will do . he rip open the carton . sefton speak up , boy . any more sport in the crowd ? inside tunnel Johnson and manfredi crawl on , by the light of they Zippos . Johnson drag the bag behind he . they be drip with perspiration . from above come a little shower of loose earth . Johnson stop as he come to the end of the tunnel . there be another shaft lead up . he pick up a rusty can and start digging at the earth above . 20 . the OPEN ground above - ( night ) in the pine forest some thirty foot outside the barb wire . from the goon tower , the light sweep over the camp and over the edge of the forest . the tin can thrust through the ground as Johnson dig into the open . then , when the open be wide enough , he climb out , he face cover with sweat and dirt . he help manfredi out . they lie on the ground for a moment , exhaust . then Johnson start untie the bag from he ankle . manfredi let 's go . he rise . there be a sharp burst of machine gun FIRE . manfredi fall instantly . Johnson , not know where the gunfire be come from , try to turn and run , the bag drag behind he . from a hillock about thirty foot off a machine gun , manned by three german guard , be blast away . a light from one of the goon tower pick up Johnson , run . the machine gun get he , rip he chest . he spin and crumple to the ground . the light swing to manfredi . bleed , he try to crawl back to the safety of the tunnel . there be another burst of FIRE -- inside barrack the man have all run to the window and look out . all except sefton and Cookie . they stand at the table where the cigarettes be . and in back of they : joey , sit in he bunk , comprehend nothing . there be another burst of FIRE . then all be silent . the man turn back into the room , sicken . blondie filthy kraut ! duke what slip up , hoffy ? hoffy do not ask I . price be elect Security . duke ( to price ) okay , Security -- what happen ? price I wish I know . we have everything figure out . to the last detail . stosh maybe the kraut know about that tunnel all the time ! harry shut up , Animal ! stosh maybe they be layin ' for them out there ! sefton ( casually ) yeah . maybe . he give Cookie a sign . Cookie pull the front of he shirt out of he pants and hold it out against the edge of the table . sefton sweep the mass of cigarettes into Cookie 's shirt . duke hold it , sefton . so we hear some shot -- so who say they do not get away ? sefton anybody here wanna double they bet ? no answer . he nod to Cookie again . Cookie carry the cigarettes to they bunk . sefton follow he , kick open the footlocker . Cookie dump the loot in . the man be look at they . stosh see a cigarette on the floor which Cookie have drop . he pick it up and toss it into sefton 's footlocker viciously . fade out : end of sequence " a " sequence " B " fade in : the camp - dawn another miserable day have begin . the barrack loom in the murky light . from the administration Building -- the one with the swastika -- come a dozen german guard , luger hang from they belt . they spread out and cross the muddy compound toward the barrack , blowing whistle shrilly . they lift the wooden bar off the door and go inside . feldwebel schulz have arrive at barrack 4 . he be a enormous man , about fifty - five . his cauliflower ear make a good vegetable for he pig-knuckle face . he remove the bar , open the door , stand there whistling like a madman , enter . cookie' voice funny thing about that kraut . they hate the sight of we yet they could not wait to look at we again . every morning -- at six on the dot -- they would have the appell -- that 's roll call to you . each barrack have its own alarm clock . we alarm clock be Johann sebastian schulz . I understand the kraut have a composer way back with the Johann sebastian in it -- but I can tell you one thing : schulz be no composer . he be a schweinehund . oh , mother -- be he ever a lousy schweinehund ! int . barrack schulz be march down the barrack , beat the bunk with he stick . schultz aufstehen , gentleman ! appell ! raus ! hurry up ! Men start slide out of they bunk . other roll over in they sack , groan . schultz you must get up for roll call ! raus , raus , gentleman ! everybody aufstehen ! raus ! men we hear you , schulz ! and good morning to you ! aw , break it off ! why do not you take that whistle and shove it ! tell the kommandant I have get dysentery ! shut up , schulz -- you be talk to sergeant of the United States Air Force ! look at this chilblain . ai not it a beaut ! schultz raus ! raus ! aufstehen ! whack the bunk , schulz have reach we end of barrack . hoffy and price be get into they clothes . hoffy come on , sack rat -- cut the bitchin ' and get up ! Duke , triz and blondie start climb out , yawn and scratch themselves . price say , schulz -- you guy have machine gun practice last night ? schultz ( throw up he hand ) ach , terrible ! such foolish boy . such nice boy . I would better not talk about it . it make I sick to my stomach . duke you kill they , huh ? both of they ? schultz such nice boy ! it make I sick to -- duke do not wear it out ! schulz move to joey . joey be sit in he bunk , tootling on he ocarina . schulz rap the sweet potato with he stick . schultz outside ! you , too ! put away the piccolo ! joey hide the sweet potato , stare at schulz , frighten . schulz jerk he off the bunk . schultz Los , los . dummkopf ! hoffy ( push in ) Lay off , schulz . he 's get a sickness . he 's krank . schultz sometimes I think he be fool we with that crazy business . hoffy yeah ? how would you like to see the gut of nine pal splatter all over you plane ? ( to joey ) c'mon joey -- do not be afraid . he help he up and start put clothes on he . schultz have approach bunk with Harry and stosh . he poke Harry with the stick . schultz aufstehen , gentleman ! please ! you do not want to stay in bed on such a beautiful morning we be have today ! harry say , schulz -- schultz jawohl ? harry sprechen sie deutsch ? schultz jawohl . harry then droppen sie dead ! schultz ( split he side ) ja -- ja ! droppen sie dead ! always mit the joke ! droppen sie dead ! he poke stosh with the stick . schultz aufstehen ! appell ! he move on . Harry bend over stosh , shaking he . harry get up , Animal . come on ! stosh do not budge . Harry again give he a knuckle - crack salvo . stosh open he eye automatically . harry ( sweetly ) good morning , Animal ! what will it be for breakfast ? scramble egg with little sausage ? Bacon and egg sunny - side up ? griddle cake ? a waffle ? stosh stop it , Harry ! harry coffee ? milk ? or how about a little cocoa ? stosh ( grab he by the collar ) why do you do this to I every morning ? harry ( with sadistic speed ) hamburger and onion ! strawberry shortcake ! gefillte fish ! banana split ! french fry potato ! Chicken a la king ! the last item be come out with a gurgle SOUND as stosh tighten the grip on Harry 's neck . stosh I will kill you , Harry -- so help I ! harry let go , Animal ! it 's roll call ! Hitler want to see you ! sefton be stand near he bunk , get dress . Cookie be help he to zip up he luxurious flyer 's boot . schultz good morning , sefton . sefton good morning , schulz . and how 's Mrs. schulz ? and all the little schulze ? schultz Fine -- fine ! he look at the two bunk which be occupy by manfredi and Johnson . take off he glove . schultz let we see . we have now two empty bunk here . ( take out pencil and notebook , write ) nummer einundsiebzig und nummer dreiundsiebzig in baracke vier . price suppose you let that mattress cool off a little -- just out of decency ? schultz ja , ja , gewiss ! it be only that we be cramped for space with new prisoner every day . ( to the whole barrack ) gentlemen ! outside ! please ! do you want I to have trouble with the kommandant again ! he start herding they out the door . stosh hey , schulz -- as long as you be go to move somebody in -- how about a couple of that Russian broad ? schultz Russian woman prisoner ? harry jawohl ! schultz some be not bad at all . stosh just get we a couple with big glockenspiel . schultz ja! ja! droppen sie dead ! split he side , he push they out , and follow . ext . compound - cold grey morning most of the p.o.w.s be out of they barrack by now . a mass of freezing , dishevel man . some wear Army coat over they underwear , knitted cap pull down over they ear . some be huddle in blanket , they foot in wooden clog . only a few be fully dress and shaven . a few be on crutch or bandage up . they assemble before they respective barrack , form a U face the center of the compound . the barrack chief be assist the guard in lining they up , fifteen abreast and five deep . supervise by schulz and hoffy the last one from barrack 4 emerge . hoffy all right , man -- fall in ! from off come : german officer's voice ach-tung ! abzaehlen ! the hub - bub die down . the guard march down the front line of they barrack group , count the line of five in german . as schulz pass he , blondie spot something in the middle of the compound . he nudge Duke . Duke nudge price , price Harry , Harry stosh , stosh Cookie . Cookie nudge sefton who be put on he wool glove . the glove drop . they all look off in the same direction . in the center of the compound , right smack in the mud , lie the corpse of Johnson and manfredi , cover with a blanket . you know it 's they because Johnson 's foot be stick out , with the barrack bag still tie to it . a stir go through the man of barrack 4 . they be hit hard . all but sefton . he look at the corpse for a moment , then bend down , pick up the glove and start put it on . in front of the administration Building a german Lieutenant have be supervise a couple of guard as they lay narrow plank over the mud in a line lead to the middle of the compound . he turn now to the p.o.w.s . german lieutenant parade atten-tion ! the german guard come to rigid attention . the Americans just stand there , sullenly . the Lieutenant come to a heil salute . through the open door of the administration Building step the kommandant , oberst von scherbach , follow by another Lieutenant . von scherbach be a big erect officer of the potsdam School . over he shoulder hang a furline officer 's coat . his boot shine like polished glass . he glance over the compound , then walk down the plank , follow by the two lieutenant , march through the mud on both side of he . von scherbach stop at the end of the plank . in front of he lie a deep puddle . he click he heel and raise he hand in a heil salute . von scherbach gute morgen , sergeant ! a glower silence from the man . von scherbach lower he hand . von scherbach nasty weather we be have , eh ? and I so much hope that we could give you a white Christmas -- just like the one you use to know ... be not that the word that clever little man write -- you know the one who steal he name from we capital -- that something - or-other Berlin ? he wait until he nasty little joke sink in . schulz have come up to the Lieutenant , salute and hand he the slip of paper with the prisoner count . von scherbach look at that mud . come spring -- and I do hope you will still be with we next spring -- we shall plant some grass here -- and perhaps some daffodil -- he turn to the Lieutenant for the tabulation . von scherbach ich bitte ! lieutenant ( check the papers ) melde gehorchsamst : 628 gefangene . Zwei Mann fehlen in baracke vier . von scherbach ( to the p.o.w.s ) I understand we be minus two man this morning . I be surprised at you , gentleman . here I be try to be you friend and you do this embarrassing thing to I . do not you know this could get I into hot water with the High Command ? they do not like man escape from stalag 17 - especially , not enemy airmen from compound D . we pluck you out of the sky and now we must see to it you do not fly away . because you would come back and blast we city again . the High Command would be very angry with I . they would strip I of my rank . they would courtmartial I , after all this year of a perfect record ! now you would not want that to happen to I , would you ? fortunately , that two man -- from the rank of the man come the eerie dissonant sound of joey 's sweet potato . joey , in the second row of the barrack 4 company , be play on he ocarina , oblivious to what be go on . stosh turn and quickly grab the ocarina from joey 's mouth . von scherbach choose to disregard the little musical interlude . von scherbach as I be say : fortunately that two man do not get very far . they have the good sense to rejoin we again , so my record would stand unblemish . nobody have ever escape from stalag 17 . not alive , anyway . he snap he finger in the direction of the guard who stand watch over the corpse . the guard pull back the blanket in such a manner that all we can see be the barrack bag tie to Johnson 's leg . the p.o.w.s however see the corpse . there be a angry buzz . hoffy march up to von scherbach . hoffy ( salute ) sergeant hoffman from barrack 4 . von scherbach yes , sergeant hoffman ? hoffy as the duly elect compound Chief , I protest the way this body be leave lie in the mud . von scherbach anything else ? hoffy yes . accord to the geneva Convention , dead prisoner be to be give a decent burial . von scherbach of course . I be aware of the geneva Convention . they will be give the burial they deserve . or perhaps you would suggest we haul in twenty - one cannon from the Eastern Front and give they a twenty - one gun salute ? hoffy turn on he heel and walk back to he man . von scherbach , without even look at the corpse , snap he finger . the guard throw the blanket back over the body . von scherbach for the last time , gentleman , let I remind you : any prisoner find outside the barrack after light out will be shot on sight . furthermore , the iron stove in barrack 4 , the one camouflage the trap door , will be remove . and so that the man from this barrack will not suffer from the cold , they will keep warm by fill in the escape tunnel . be that clear ? the man just stand there , in frustrated anger . stosh clenches the ocarina in he first . von scherbach all right , then , gentleman . we be all friend again . and with Christmas come on , I have a special treat for you . I will have you all delouse for the holiday . and I will have a little tree for every barrack . you will like that . stosh , with a quick underhand flip , throw the sweet potato in the direction of von scherbach . it land smack in the middle of the puddle in front of von scherbach and splashes he boot with mud . von scherbach ( stiffening ) who do this ? absolute silence . von scherbach I will give the funny man exactly five second to step forward . he look about the compound . five second pass . nobody move . von scherbach then you shall all stand here if it take all day and all night . from the rank of the man of barrack 4 , stosh step forward . von scherbach that be better ! but he triumph be short - live , for almost instantly Harry step forward alongside stosh . then Duke and blondie and Cookie . spontaneously , man from all the other barrack follow until all the p.o.w.s have move forward one step . von scherbach I see ! six hundred funny man ! ... there will be no Christmas tree ! but there will be delouse . ( to schulz ) with ice water from the hose ! he wheel about and march back up the plank and into the administration Building . his lieutenant after he . two of the guard start pick up the plank again . schultz ( shouting , to the p.o.w.s ) dismiss ! the man break rank , go off in all direction , some back to the barrack , some toward the latrine . only joey stand where he stand , he eye fastened on the puddle . slowly he walk toward it . he bend down and fish out he sweet potato , drip with mud . it be break . he wipe the piece off on he coat and hide they inside he jacket . int . wash latrine pack with man from barrack 4 , about two dozen of they . other wait outside for they turn . at the trough wash : hoffy , price , Duke , stosh , Harry , Cookie and sefton . no soap . a couple of wear - out towel . except for sefton : he 's get soap , towel and tooth brush . stosh ( imitate von scherbach ) ' we will remove the iron stove -- the one that be camouflage the trap door . ' harry I be tell you , Animal , this Nazis be not kosher . stosh you can say that again ! harry I be tell you , Animal -- this Nazis be not ko -- stosh ( grab he ) I say say it again . I do not say repeat it . triz reach for sefton 's soap , but get a sharp rap on the knuckle . sefton private property , bub . duke how come the kraut know about that stove , Security ? and the tunnel ? how come you can not lay down a belch around here without they know it ? price look -- if you do not like the way I be handle this job -- hoffy kill it , Duke . it 's get we all spin . duke I just want to know what make that kraut so smart . stosh maybe they be doin ' it with radar . maybe they get a mike hide some place . harry yeah . right up joey 's ocarina . duke or maybe it 's not that they be so smart . maybe it 's that we be so stupid . maybe there 's somebody in we barrack that 's tipping them off ! one of we ! hoffy come again ? duke you betcha . I say one of we be a stoolie . a dirty , stinkin ' stoolie ! sefton be that Einstein 's theory ? or do you figure it out yourself ? a p.o.w. stick he head into the doorway . p.o.w. ( breathless ) New dame in the Russian compound ! stosh let go with a scream . he take off like shot from a cannon , Harry after he . instantly the wash latrine be emptied of the man , wet as they be . nobody be leave but price , hoffy , Duke , sefton and Cookie . ext . compound it 's a stampede . p.o.w.s be rush across the compound toward the Russian compound . stosh , charge like a bull , get trip and fall flat on he puss right into a mud puddle . Harry zoom past he . stosh pick himself up and run after he , he winter underwear drip with mud . the barbed wire fence divide the american and Russian compound . p.o.w.s rush in from all side , about a hundred of they . they go as far as they be permit ; to a low warning wire , run parallel to the big fence some fifteen foot away . to cross the warning wire be verboten . the german guard up in the goon tower insure that . there be great excitement among the p.o.w.s . some give out with cat - call and wolf - whistle ; other just stand there stare . Beyond the fence a new batch of Russian prisoner have just be bring in . german guard be count some sixty prisoner , about twenty of they woman . they all be in uniform and wear boot , a bedraggle lot . the woman be big buxom dame , not exactly Golden Circle material , but this be war . the Americans jump up and down try to attract the woman 's attention . they throw cigarettes , chew gum , chocolate . one guy be dance the kazatski , two of he pal hold he up . p.o.w.s yee -ow ! tovarich ! tovarich ! oh you sweetheart ! let 's open the third front ! hey , mink -- pinsk ! how about some borscht -- the two of we ! stosh and Harry push right up to trip wire . stosh , plaster with mud , go completely berserk . stosh hey -- russki -- russki ! look at that bublichkis ! over here ! harry comrade ! comrade ! otchi tchorniya -- otchi tchorniya ! stosh put two finger in he mouth and try to whistle . he get he mouth full of mud . spit out the mud . search madly through he pocket and throw whatever he can find across the fence . stosh chew gum -- chew gum ! some of the Russian woman break the rank to pick up the goody that come fly over . the german guard push they back . the woman smile at the Americans and wave . stosh ( at the top of he lung ) look at I ! I be you baby ! ( to Harry ) get a load of that blonde one ! built like a brick kremlin ! harry hey -- comrade ! over here ! this be Harry Shapiro -- the volga boatman of barrack four ! stosh Lay off ! the blonde be mine ! the woman be be lead away by the guard . stosh ( scream ) hey , olga -- volga -- wait for I ! he take off blindly toward the woman , trip immediately over the warning wire and fall flat on he face in the mud again . up in the goon tower the guard swivel the machine gun and yell down . guard Zurueck oder wir schiessen ! Zurueck ! Harry frantically grab stosh by the foot and pull he back , under the wire . stosh let I go ! let I go ! harry they will shoot you , Animal ! he lie right on top of he , hold he by the wrist . stosh I do not care ! let I go ! from off come the sound of a dishpan be beat and shout of " Chow ! " some of the p.o.w.s start to go back to the barrack . harry it 's chow , Animal ! Chow ! stosh who want to eat ? I just wanna get over there ! harry no you do not ! you do not want any broad with boot on ! stosh I do not care if they wear galoshes ! harry you want Betty grable ! stosh let I go ! harry ( yell ) Betty grable ! stosh 's face light up . harry Animal ! when the war 's over , remember I tell you I would fix you up with Betty grable ! stosh yeah ? how you go to fix I up with Betty grable ? harry how ? we go to California . I get a cousin that 's work for the Los Angeles Gas company . that 's how we get the address , see ? be not that clever ? I take you up to she house and ring the doorbell and say , ' congratulation , miss grable . we have vote you the girl we would most like to be behind barb wire with , and I be here to present the award ' . stosh what 's the award ? harry what d'ya think , jerko ! you be the award ! stosh I ? what if she do not want I ? harry if she do not want you , she do not get anything . stosh ( grab he ) you be teasing I again ! harry ( gag ) let go , Animal ! it 's chow ! we will miss chow ! stosh relax he hold and drop he like a limp rag . they scramble to they foot and run off towards barrack 4 . int . barrack Chow time . most of the man sit around eat . only a few be still in line . they stand before a washtub , from which triz ladle out a thin brew . then each man get a pitiful slice of sawdust bread , cut by blondie at the table . 1st g.i. ( in chow line ) what 's this stuff anyhow ? manicure water ? 2 nd g.i. this be what I like -- a hearty meal . 3rd g.i. they finally find the formula : a ersatz of a ersatz . hoffy , back in the line with joey , carry both chow can . hoffy what 's hold up the parade ? 4 th g.i . be you suppose to drink this stuff or shave ? duke ( next in line ) drink . ( taste the stuff ) shave . hoffy get the two can fill , give one to joey . this be the end of the line . triz anyone else want potato soup ? no answer . he take out a homemade washboard and a pair of sock , put they in the tea and start scrubbing . through the door , stosh and Harry come run . stosh ( out of breath ) Chow ! where 's the chow ! he dash to he bunk , get he chow can and be about to dip it into the tub , when he see what triz be do . stosh take you sock outa my breakfast ! triz take the sock out . stosh dip in he chow can . harry no , Animal . stosh no ? harry no . you eyeball go . the top of you head . gotta wind up with athlete 's stomach . stosh pour back he tea , a miserable man . his eye fall on the door . a electric shock go through he . he grab Harry 's arm . they look off : sefton have come into the barrack and be crossing toward the iron stove . in he hand be the incredible -- more beautiful than all the kohinoor in the world : a egg . Harry and stosh stand there with they eye bulg . they start forward , draw by the egg . Cookie be at the stove , tend a can of boil water . he see sefton and put a makeshift skillet ( the bang - up top of a tin can ) with a dab of margarine in it , on the fire . sefton take some key out of he pocket , toss they to Cookie . sefton set 'er up , Cookie . I be starve . Cookie go towards sefton 's bunk . sefton crack the egg into the skillet . stosh and Harry move in , they eye bulg at sight of the sizzling beauty . harry easy , Animal ! easy ! stosh where would that come from ? sefton from a chicken , bug-wit . stosh a chicken ? harry do not you remember , Animal ? a chicken lay that thing . stosh it 's beautiful ! ( to sefton ) you goin ' to eat it all yourself ? sefton uh-huh . the yellow and the white . he flip the egg over in the skillet . Harry and stosh cover they eye and yelp in panic . to they relief they see that the egg have land safely . the aroma of the fry egg have bring about six p.o.w.s down from they bunk . they crowd around , they mouth water . stosh be it all right if we smell it ? sefton just do not drool on it . harry you be not go to eat the eggshell ? sefton help yourself . he toss he the eggshell . Harry give one half to stosh . stosh ( grateful ) thanks . you be a real pal ! ( on second think ) what be we goin ' to do with it ? harry Plant it , Animal , and grow we a chicken for Christmas . Cookie , at sefton 's bunk , have take from one of the footlocker three can , a china cup with a break handle , a fork , a spoon , and a salt - and - pepper shaker . he slam the locker shut with he foot and set everything up on the other footlocker . hoffy , Duke and price , seat at the table eat chow , eye he with disgust . from the stove come sefton carry the skillet and the can of boil water . the other p.o.w.s , include Harry and stosh , follow he , hypnotize by the egg . sefton walk to he bunk , sit down on a little stool , put salt and pepper on the egg . Cookie meanwhile have open the can . from one of they he measure out a spoonful of instant coffee into the cup and pour the boil water over it . sefton take two lump of sugar out of the other can and some Zwieback from the third can . the guy around he sniff the royal breakfast . the situation be tense . hoffy if I be you , sefton , I would eat that egg some place else . like for instance under the barrack . sefton ( sip the coffee , to Cookie ) a little weak today . Cookie put another half a spoonful of instant coffee into the cup . duke come on , Trader horn ! let 's hear it : what would you give the kraut for that egg ? sefton ( eat away ) forty - five cigarettes . the price have go up . stosh that would not be the cigarettes you take we for last night ? sefton what be I go to do with they ? I only smoke cigar . duke Nice guy ! the kraut shoot manfredi and Johnson last night and today he 's out trading with they . sefton look , this may be my last hot breakfast on account of they be go to take away that stove . so will you let I eat it in peace ? stosh ai not that too bad ! tomorrow he will have to suck a raw egg ! harry he do not have to worry . he will trade the kraut for a six - burner gas range . maybe a deep freeze too . sefton what 's you beef , boy ? so I be trading . everybody here be trading . only maybe I trade a little sharper . so that make I a collaborator . duke a lot sharper , sefton ! I would like to have some of that loot you get in that footlocker ! sefton you would , would you ? listen , stupe -- the first week I be in this joint somebody steal my Red Cross package , my blanket and my leave shoe . well , I wise up since . this be not no salvation Army -- this be everybody for himself . Dog eat dog . duke you stink , sefton ! he go after he . hoffy come off it ! both of you ! a couple of p.o.w.s hold Duke back . sefton now you have do it . you have give I nervous indigestion . ( he get up ) anything else bother you , boy ? price just one little thing . how come you be so sure manfredi and Johnson would not get out of the forest ? sefton I be not so sure . I just like the odd . he pick up the skillet with the half - eat egg . sefton and what 's that crack suppose to mean ? price they be lie dead in the mud out there and I be try to find out how come . sefton I will tell you how come . ( point at hoffy ) the barrack Chief give they the green light . and you , we Security Officer , say it would be safe . that 's how come . he cross to joey who have be sit on the edge of the bunk look on blankly and put the skillet with the egg on he lap . turn back to the other . sefton what be you guy try to prove anyway ? cut trap door ! digging tunnel ! you know what the chance be to get out of here ? and let 's say you do get all the way to Switzerland ! or say to the States ? so what ? they ship you to the Pacific and slap you in another plane . and you get shot down again and you wind up in a japanese prison camp . that 's if you be lucky ! well , I be no escape artist ! you can be the heroes , the boy with the fruit salad on you chest . I -- I be stay put . and I be go to make myself as comfortable as I can . and if it take a little trading with the enemy to get I some food or a better mattress or a woman -- that 's okay by sefton ! he strike a match on the sleeve of Duke 's leather jacket and light himself a cigar . duke why you crud ! this war 's go to be over some day -- then what do you think we will do to kraut -kisser like you ? he lunge forward and there be a fraca , the other try to hold they back . from off come : marko' voice at ease ! at ease ! marko , the inter-barrack Communications officer , have enter from the compound , follow by a one - legge p.o.w. , the crutch . marko get up on a stool a piece of paper in he hand . marko ( yell ) at ease ! hoffy break it off , boy ! at ease for the news ! the ruckus subside . marko today 's Camp News ! ( read ) Father Murray announce that due to local regulation the Christmas midnight mass will be hold at seven in the morning ! stosh you can tell Father Murray to -- marko at ease ! he also say , quote : all you sack rat better show up for the service and no bull from anybody . unquote . at ease ! Monday afternoon a sailboat race will be hold at the cesspool . see oscar rudolph of barrack 7 if you want to enter a yacht . next : Jack cushingham and Larry blake will play Frank denotta and Mike Cohen for the pinochle championship of the camp . harry that 's a fix . marko at ease ! Tuesday afternoon at two o'clock all man from Texas will meet behind the north latrine . boos and cheer . marko at ease ! next : a warning from kommandant von scherbach . anybody find throw rock at low - fly german aircraft will be throw in the boob . at ease ! at ease ! ( then in a lower voice ) be the door cover ? he look around to make sure . marko ( to the crutch ) okay , Steve . give them the radio . the crutch , lean against the edge of the table , pull up the empty pant leg . attach there be a small radio , a makeshift set with tube show . also a pair of earphone . blondie start get it out . marko ( to hoffy ) you can keep it for two day . hoffy two day ? we be suppose to have it for a week ! marko you be lucky to get it at all . the boy be afraid the jerries will find it here . this barrack be jinxed . price do not worry . we will take care of it . hoffy ( to stosh and Harry ) take some man and get the antenna go . let 's see if we can catch the BBC . in the background , Harry get a volley ball from under the bunk , stosh pick up a roll of chicken wire from a corner of the barrack , and the two lead six other p.o.w.s out into the compound . marko what about that guy last night ? what give in this barrack anyway ? duke just a little sickness . somebody around here 's get the german measle . sefton he oughta know . he go to johns hopkins . he use to be a bedpan . marko what 's the gag ? sefton ( imitate he ) at ease ! at ease ! marko shrug and turn to hoffy . marko be sure to put down the news . look like the Germans have start a counter - offensive and the other barrack want to know . marko and the crutch go off . ext . barrack the man be set up the chicken wire , attach one end to the barrack , and the other to a tall post : it become a volley ball net , and in turn , a antenna . stosh be slip a wire through the window into the barrack . they divide into two team , stosh and Harry on opposite side , and start play volley ball . in the background , marko and the crutch be see walk away . int . barrack triz have connect the antenna wire to the radio on the t able . blondie be sit there with the earphone on , work the dial , price sit next to he with pencil and paper . the other stand around wait . price get anything ? blondie get too much . I be tryin ' to unscramble . sefton if you can not get the BBC , how about get guy lombardo ? hoffy be we boring you ? blondie hold it ... quiet ... he repeat what he hear over the earphone while price write it down . blondie ...has drive across luxemburg ... the second german wedge be report fourteen mile west of malmedy where tank column cut the road to bastogne ... the ally Air Force be ground by poor visibility ... the boy do not like what they hear . ext . barrack the volley ball game be in fine progress , the ball pop back and forth across the antenna . a german guard approach , puzzle over the sport activity on this lousy winter day . he be a singularly grim fellow . he start circle they . Harry and stosh , to appear nonchalant , break into the schnitzelbank song . the guard move dangerously close to the window . quickly Harry flip the ball over the net at he . the guard slap it back across the net . again Harry pop it at he ... and slowly the guard find himself suck into the game . harry Wunderbar ! be not he wunderbar ! stosh he 's the grrrrreatest ! the guard permit himself a smile as he go on play . int . barrack the boy around the radio . blondie ( repeating what he hear ) ... five panzer division and nine infantry division of von rundstedt 's army have pour into the wide breach ... meanwhile two of patton 's tank unit have be divert toward bastogne and be try to -- it 's jamme again . blondie fiddle with the dial . hoffy come on ! blondie static ! duke static be right ! the radio 's static , patton 's static , we be static ! sefton maybe it 's go to be a longer war than you figure -- eh , Duke ? triz , who have be stand watch at the door , now see : ext . compound march toward barrack 4 be four german soldier head by schulz . int . barrack triz reach up and snap a string . all the wash in the barrack jump up and down . that 's the signal . immediately the boy jump into action . triz and blondie disconnect the wire . hoffy take the radio off the table and they all start disperse . ext . barrack schulz and the four german soldier be about to enter the barrack . schulz pause as he see the guard play volley ball enthusiastically . schulz tap he on he back . the guard wheel around , freeze , click he heel . schulz give he a disapprove look . then he lead the four soldier into the barrack . Harry , stosh and the other p.o.w.s follow , worried . schulz and the soldier enter the barrack , follow by Harry , stosh and the other player . the guy have just assume innocent position . a little too innocent maybe . schultz do I interrupt something , gentleman ? stosh yeah . we be just pass out gun . schultz ( laugh ) always joke . always make wisecracker ! harry Wisecracker ? where do he pick up he English ? in a pretzel factory ? schultz you always think I be a square . I have be to America . ( he show they he cauliflower ear ) I wrestle in milwaukee and St. Louis and Cincinnati . and I will go back ! the way the war be go I will be there before you ! harry you should live so long . schulz have take a wallet out of he pocket , show a photograph to they . schultz this be I in Cincinnati . stosh who 's the other wrestler ? the one with the mustache ? schultz that be my wife . stosh ( take the photograph ) look at all that meat . be not she the bitter end ! schultz ( snatching it from he ) give it back . you must not arouse yourselves . harry hey , schulz ! I get a deal for you . suppose you help we escape . we will go home and have everything ready for you in madison Square Garden . for the world championship ! schulz , the Beast of bavaria versus halitosis Jones ! schultz droppen sie dead ! ( to the german soldier ) raus mit dem ofen . los! Los ! the soldier move toward the stove . as the scene proceed they dismantle the stove and ultimately carry it out . schultz ( to the p.o.w.s ) all right , gentleman ! we will now all go outside for a little gymnastic and take some shovel and undig the tunnel which you digge . stosh why do not we just plug up that tunnel -- with the kommandant on one end and you on the other . schultz it be not I . it be the order . I be you friend . I be you best friend here . duke cut out the guff , schulz . we be on to you . you know everything that 's happen in this barrack . who 's tipping you off ? schultz tipping I off ? I do not understand . hoffy you be waste you time , duke. ( to the other ) outside , everybody ! let 's get it over with . price wait a second , hoffy . schulz say he 's we best friend . maybe he can give we a little hint . duke come on , schulz ! spill it ! how do you get the information ? about manfredi and Johnson ? about the stove and the tunnel ? who 's give it to you ? which one of we be it ? schultz which one of you be what ? price which one of we be the informer ? schultz you be try to say that a american would inform on other Americans ? duke that 's the general idea . ( look at sefton ) only it 's not so general as far as I be concerned . schultz you be talk crazy ! sefton ( take the cigar out of he mouth ) no use , schulz . you might as well come clean . why do not you just tell them it 's I . because I be really the illegitimate son of Hitler . and after the Germans win the war you will make I the gauleiter of Zinzinnati . schultz you Americans ! you be the craziest people ! that 's why I like you ! I wish I could invite you all to my house for a nice german Christmas ! harry ( to stosh ) why do not we accept , Animal ? the worst that can happen be we wind up a couple of lamp shade . schultz ( jovially ) raus ! raus ! all of you ! by this time most of they have put on they warm clothes , cap and glove and be filing out . schulz start to follow they , but stop short as he see : the electric light bulb hang by a wire from the ceiling . just the bulb . no shade . the wire be tie up into a slip knot . schulz react to what he have see . he watch the last of the p.o.w.s leave , and the Germans carry the stove out of the barrack . he close the door . his entire attitude have change . he be serious and efficient . he walk over to the chess set on the table . out of he pocket he take a chess piece -- a black queen -- and exchange it with the black queen from the set . he put it in he pocket . step over to the light bulb , pull the slip knot free and exit . the light bulb hang straight now , sway gently in the empty barrack . ext . compound the man from barrack 4 be line up between the latrine and the barb wire , start to dig up the tunnel . they be supervise by german guard . in the background , schulz be crossing from the barrack towards the administration Building . as the man dig , they look off at : cookie' voice he be the Beast of bavaria all right , as we piece it together later . and there be a stoolie in we barrack , just as Duke say . they have a very simple communication system -- schulz and the stoolie ... a open german half - truck drive toward the big gate , carry two crude wooden coffin . cookie' voice that 's how the kraut know about the tunnel , from the day we start digging . that poor sucker manfredi and Johnson ! they get out of stalag 17 sure enough , only not quite the way they want to go . the man have stop digging . as the camera go down the row they take off they cap . joey do not comprehend . blondie , stand next to he , take the cap off for he . the camera pull past Cookie who have take he cap off , and now stop on sefton . he have see the coffin . he have see the other take off they cap . he take the cigar out of he mouth , snuff it out , put it into he pocket , and slowly pull off he cap . cookie' voice as for the stoolie , I just wish he have german measle because when you get the measle you break out all over in red spot , and we could have peg he easy . as it be it could have be anybody in we outfit -- Duke or hoffy or price or goofy joey or Harry or the Animal or maybe sefton . sergeant j.j. sefton . I guess it 's about time I tell you a few more thing about that sefton guy . if I be anything of a writer I would send it in to the reader 's digest for one of that ' most unforgettable character you have ever met ' ... dissolve : end of sequence " B " sequence " C " ext . compound - ( day ) a circle about 15 foot in diameter be draw on the barren ground with white lime . around it , some forty g.i.s . in the center , Cookie , hold a cardboard box . to one side , stand on a wooden crate , sefton . in front of he , a makeshift bookie 's desk , a heap of loose cigarettes on top . g.i.s be crowd around , make wager in cigarettes . hanging off one side of the desk , the odd board : no . horse odd 1 . whirlaway 3:1 2 . seabiscuit 5:1 3 . equipoise 1:1 4 . twenty Grand 4:1 5 . schnickelfritz 10:1 cookie' voice ...he be a b.t.o. , sefton be . a Big time Operator . always hustling , always scroung . take for instance the horse race . every Saturday and Sunday he would put on horse race . he be the sole owner and operator of the stalag 17 turf Club . he be the preside steward , the Chief handicapper , the starter , the judge , the breeder and he own bookie . he be the whole work , except that I be the stable boy for ten smoke a day . sefton step up , boy ! the horse be at the post ! g.i.s five on equipoise ! give I equipoise -- ten on the nose ! two on twenty Grand ! schnickelfritz for I . five smacker ! equipoise -- one solid pack ! last g.i. ( a unkempt bum ) five on seabiscuit ! pay you when the Red Cross parcel come in . sefton no credit . unkempt bum have a heart , sefton ! sefton sorry . it 's against the rule of the Racing Commission . ( call out ) already ? any more bet ? shake them up , Cookie ! Cookie shake the cardboard box , put it face down on the ground in the center of the circle . sefton let 'er go ! they be off and run at stalag 17 ! Cookie have lift the box . there be five mouse of various color with number 1 to 5 attach to they back . the mouse start spread hesitantly in all direction . the p.o.w.s yell and scream , root for they horse to reach the circle line first . among the p.o.w.s stosh and Harry . stosh , with a bundle of mutuel ticket in he hand , scream he head off . stosh equipoise ! oh , you beauty ! this way ! this way ! equipoise , no. 3 , pull in front and be only a few foot from the edge of the circle . harry equipoise ! equipoise ! what do I tell you , Animal ? stosh come on , baby ! daddy 's go to buy you a hunk of cheese ! equipoise , now only a foot from the finish line , suddenly stop and go into a dizzy spin . the other mouse gain rapidly . stosh and harry straighten out , you dog ! this way ! that 's no horse -- that 's a dervish ! please ! this way ! come to daddy ! in a turmoil of scream g.i.s , schnickelfritz pass equipoise , still spin like a top , and cross the line . sefton the winner be no. 5 : schnickelfritz ! stosh grab Harry . stosh schnickelfritz ! I tell you schnickelfritz ! why would you make I bet on equipoise ! harry I clocked he this morning . he be run like a doll . stosh ( choke he ) you clocked he ! why do not I clock you ? sefton ( call out ) the next race will be a claim race for four month old and upward which have not win since November 17th . while sefton pay off the winner , Cookie put up a new odd board . New bettor start lining up on the other side . among they , Harry and stosh . cookie' voice it 's a good thing nobody ever ask for a saliva test . because I would not have put it past sefton to stiff a horse once in a while -- especially when the betting be heavy . dissolve : int . barrack 4 - ( day ) near sefton 's bunk , the distillery be set up : a rube Goldberg contraption of old tin can and a maze of piping , a margarine lamp burn under the boiler . the whole thing sputter and hiss . behind a makeshift wooden shelf -- the bar -- stand Cookie , pour drink for some eight customer , among they Harry and stosh , crock . in stosh 's hand be the big Betty grable cheese - cake photo from he bunk . cookie' voice another one of he enterprise be the distillery . believe it or not , he run a bar right in we barrack , sell schnapp at two cigarettes a shot . the boy call it the flamethrower , but it be not really that bad . we brew it out of old potato peel and once in a while a couple of string off the Red Cross parcel , to give it a little flavor . stosh ( in a cry jag ) it 's not fair , Harry . I be tell you , it 's not fair ! she 's be marry for over a year ! my Betty ! she have a baby ! do not you hear it on the radio ! harry c'mon , Animal ! pull yourself together ! ( off ) hey , Cookie ! belt we again ! he push they little condense milk can , serve as jigger , across the bar , count out four cigarettes . stosh look at she ! be not she beautiful ! married a orchestra leader ! harry so what ? there 's other woman ! stosh not for I ! Betty ! Betty ! harry cut it out . Animal ! I will fix you up with a couple of that Russian woman ! stosh ( sarcastically ) you will fix I up ! harry sure , Animal ! I will get you over there ! stosh how ? pinky Miller from barrack 8 try to get over there and they shot he in the leg ! harry it take a gimmick , Animal , and I figure we a little gimmick . stosh you do ? harry ( tapping he forehead ) sharp . sometimes I be so sharp it 's frightening . Cookie slide over the two tin jigger . Harry pick they up , hand one to stosh . harry ( toast ) to the Brick kremlin ! stosh ( he eye on the cheesecake photo ) she will never forgive I ! harry bomb away ! they both drink it down in one gulp , Harry hold he nose . it 's terrible stuff and hit they hard . stosh go into a violent fit of cough , pull he barrack cap down over he eye . harry ( to Cookie ) what be you serve today ? nitric acid ? cookie I only work here . talk to the management . he point to sefton , who be take inventory of the cigarettes in he footlocker : carton , package , loose one . he be tabulate the amount on a piece of paper . harry all right , management . what be you try to do ? embalm we while we be alive ? sefton exactly what do you expect for two cigarettes ? eight year old bottle - in - bond ? all the house guarantee be that you do not go blind . ( to Cookie ) do not ever serve them again . stosh blind ! Harry ! Harry ! he stagger around , not realize he cap be pull down over he eye . stosh Harry -- I be blind ! harry ( push up he cap ) blind ? how stupid can you get , Animal ? I drank the stuff myself . suddenly he seem not to see too well himself . he grope around in panic . harry Animal ! Animal ! where be you , Animal ? dissolve : int . barrack 4 - ( day ) a big telescope , about seven foot long , be set up on a tripod at the window point toward the Russian compound . the telescope be make of various -size can solder together . it 's run by Cookie , behind a table , pile with cigarettes and chocolate bar . bent down peer through the telescope , pan it slowly , be a p.o.w. across the barrack stretch a long line of impatient customer , all the way to the open door and out of it . Cookie tap the peeker to indicate he time be up . the next in line pay he cigarette and peek cookie' voice the killer -diller , of course -- the real bonanza -- be when sefton put up the observatory . he scrounge himself some high - power kraut lense and a magnify mirror and get ronnie bigelow from barrack 2 to put the whole shebang together for a pound of coffee . on a clear day you could have see the swiss alp , only who want to see the swiss alp ? it be about a mile away , that Russian delouse shack , but we be right on top of it . it cost you a cigarette or a half bar of chocolate a peek . you could not catch much through that steam , but believe you I , after two year in that camp just the idea what be behind that steam sure spruce up you voltage . russian delousing shack - ( through the telescope ) about a dozen Russian woman , wrap only in blanket , wait in line . the telescope pan across a couple of window . they be completely steam - up by the disinfect vapor . int . barrack the p.o.w. be glue to the telescope . Cookie tap he on the shoulder . cookie let 's go ! thirty second to a customer . without move he eye from the telescope , the p.o.w. fish another cigarette from he pocket and give it to Cookie . sefton stand at the open barrack door , a cold cigar in he mouth . he survey the landoffice business , both inside and out , for beyond he a line of about forty more p.o.w.s stretch into the compound . p.o.w. ( from rear of line ) hey , sefton -- what 's snarling up the traffic ? by the time we get to look they will be old hag ! sefton simmer down , boy . there will be a second show when they put the next batch through . hoffy , price and Duke come in from the compound . hoffy case the situation and pull sefton to the side . hoffy what 's the big idea , sefton ? take that telescope out of here . sefton say who ? hoffy say I . sefton you take it out . only you be go to have a riot on you hand . hoffy every time the man get Red Cross package you have to think up a angle to rob they . price when the kraut find that gadget they will throw we all in the boob . sefton they know about that gadget . I would worry more about the radio . duke I suppose they also know about you distillery and the horserace ? sefton that 's right . duke just what make you and they kraut so buddy - buddy ? sefton ask Security . ( to price ) you tell he , price . you have get I shadow every minute of the day . or have not you find out yet ? price not yet . hoffy answer the question . how do you rate all that privilege ? sefton I grease the kraut guard . with ten percent of the take . duke and maybe a little something else ? sefton a little something what ? he strike a match on Duke 's dogtag and light he cigar . duke ( lung at he ) maybe a little information ! hoffy and price hold back Duke . hoffy break it off ! duke how much more do we have to take from he ? hoffy there will be no vigilante stuff . not while I be barrack Chief . from the window come excited shout . g.i. voice hey , look at they ! it 's Harry and the Animal ! look what they be do ! everybody in the barrack be dash toward the window give out on the Russian compound . hoffy , price , Duke , and sefton follow after . the window be pack by g.i.s stare out . more crowd in . g.i.s that crazy jerk ! they will not get away with it ! the kraut will shoot they ! ext . compound - ( day ) this be Harry 's little gimmick : he and stosh be painting a white line down the middle of the road lead towards the Russian compound . stosh carry the bucket and Harry , move backwards , wield the brush . they be very close now to the barb wire fence divide the compound . a bespectacle german guard be stand in front of he sentinel house . they crouch as low as they can as they paint themselves through the gate past the guard and up the road toward the Russian delouse shack . the guard give they a glance . it look okay to he . he start stamp about at the open gate . int . barrack g.i.s at the window , watch in great excitement . g.i.s they be past the fifty yard line ! quarterback sneak ! look at they go ! six g.i.s ( in chorus ) we want a touchdown ! we want a touchdown ! we want a touchdown ! hoffy that idiot ! they will paint themselves into they grave ! ext . russian compound Harry and stosh be do dandy as they paint up the highway . Harry get he bearing : the delouse shack be some twenty - five foot off the road . he paint a very elegant turn off the highway . the gate between the compound the german guard be stamp up and down . suddenly he do a double take as he see : ext . russian compound the white line lead down the middle of the highway veer off idiotically over the terrain towards the shack . the german guard he stand there perplex , then take off after they . ext . delousing shack Harry and stosh have now paint up to the window of the shack . without even stop , they paint right up the wall and around the window . as they paint , they peer in through the thick steam ( through which we cannot distinguish anything ) . now , they paint down the building on the other side of the window and toward the doorway . into they pathway come the boot of the german guard . they paint right over the boot . then they see the butt of the guard 's rifle . they look at each other . they be in trouble . they stop painting and straighten up slowly . german guard be ist denn hier los ? sie sind verhaftet ! Harry give the guard 's eye-glass a couple of quick stroke of paint . drop paint and brush , stosh and he run like mad back toward the gate . the guard stand there struggle with he glass . the Russian woman , huddle in blanket , giggle they head off . fade out : end of sequence " C " sequence " D " fade in : int . barrack 4 - ( day ) about twenty p.o.w.s lazing about . the sack rat in they bunk . triz and price play chess , joey look on blankly . sefton , a towel around he neck , be sit in a chair be shave by Cookie . stosh , in he bunk , be carve a new ocarina for joey out of wood . camera move slowly to : the electric light bulb , hang straight and innocent on its wire . cookie' voice now let I see , what come next ? oh , yes . next come that new prisoner . ' twas two day before Christmas when all through the camp , not a creature be stir , not even that lamp . marko' voice at ease ! at ease ! marko , carry a handful of letter and a book , have enter , follow by the crutch . marko mail call ! the whole barrack spring to life , everyone move towards marko with whistle , scream and hooray . joey , who keep stare at the chess board . sefton and Cookie go on with the shave . marko at ease ! at ease ! first , the kommandant be send every barrack a little Christmas present . a copy of mein kampf . in the word of Oberst von scherbach : ' now that a german victory be in sight , all american prisoner be to be indoctrinated with the teaching of der fuehrer . unquote . in my own word : ( he let go with a belch ) unquote . he toss the book into the air . Duke catch it . duke that 's the wrong direction . he fling it at sefton . it sail past sefton 's head . Cookie duck . sefton do not even bat a eyelash . sefton you must have be some tail gunner ! ( to Cookie ) go ahead , Cookie . stosh come on , let 's get that mail . anything for stanislaus kuzawa ? marko at ease ! at ease ! as marko call out the name he hand out the letter . some of the man open they immediately . other go to they bunk to read . marko Martin . Shapiro . price . trzcinski . mckay . Shapiro . Shapiro . manfredi . there be a awkward pause , then marko put manfredi 's letter in he pocket . marko Shapiro . musgrove . mckay . Peterson . cook. Cookie come up for he letter . so do Duke and blondie . ( they name be musgrove and Peterson . ) marko pirelli . coleman . agnew . Shapiro . stosh ( in a little voice ) nothing for kuzawa ? marko Shapiro . Shapiro . stosh ( to Harry ) just what make you so popular ? harry ( fan the letter ) frighten , be not it ? fifty million guy float around back home and all that dame want be sugar-lip Shapiro . marko mckay , agnew . here , stosh . he hold out a letter . stosh ( revitalize ) yeah ? marko give this to joey , will you ? stosh oh. marko have now distribute all the letter . marko at ease ! at ease ! here 's a little something from Father Murray . one to each barrack . he have knelt down in front of the crutch and pull out from the empty pant 's leg a little Christmas tree . marko and he say he want you crud to cut out all swear during yuletide . g.i. how would he get that tree ? marko I do not know . prayed , I guess . they grow out of he mattress . marko stick the tree into one of the margarine can . g.i . what will we use for decoration ? marko for that you get to pray yourself . he go , follow by the crutch . stosh sit next to joey at the table , read he letter to he . stosh '... and we do hope that you will finish that last year of law school when you come back home ...' ( look up at joey ) Law school ?! you do not want to be a stinking lawyer with a stinking brief case in a stinking office , do you , joey ? joey just sit there . stosh go on read . stosh '... and do keep write , son . you letter be very dear to we . with all we love , dad . ' here , joey , take it . joey do not move . stosh it 's from you dad , joey . he shove the letter into joey 's pocket . stosh the next time we write to you folk , joey , you know what you be go to say ? you be go to say you do not want to be a lawyer any more . you want to be a musician -- like play the flute , maybe -- eh , joey ? there be a fleeting smile on joey 's face . triz , in he bunk , a crumpled letter in he hand , be mumble to himself . triz I believe it ! I believe it ! g.i. you believe what ? triz my wife . ( reading ) ' darling , you will not believe it , but I find the most adorable baby on we doorstep and I have decide to keep it for we own . now , you will not believe it , but it 's get exactly my eye and nose ... ' why do she always say I will not believe it ? I believe it ! blondie be read he letter , several g.i.s around he , among they Duke . blondie this be from my mother . ( he read ) ' I see a wonderful article on german prison camp in one of the magazine . they show picture of the tennis court and they also say that in the winter they freeze they over so you boy can ice skate ... ' duke anything about we grouse hunt in the Vienna wood ? blondie ( continue to read ) ' ... in a way I be glad you be not in America right now -- with everything ration here , like gas and meat . ' duke heart -render , be not it ? why do not we send they some food parcel ? Harry be busy with all he mail . he have open six of he letter and be now work on the last . stosh come into the shot and peek over he shoulder . stosh what do that broad say ? harry what do they always say ? stosh that 's what I wanna hear . harry ( hide the letter ) it 's not good for you , Animal . stosh grab one of the letter from he . stosh hey ! this be with a typewriter ! it 's from a finance company ! harry so it be from the finance company . so it 's better than no letter at all . so they want the third payment on the plymouth . ( show he five more letter ) so they want the fourth , the fifth , the sixth and the seventh . so they want the plymouth . stosh sugar-lip Shapiro ! frighten , be not it ? harry ( hold up the last letter ) this be a good one ! ( mount a stool ) shut up , everybody ! listen to this ! ( he read ) ' the President of the United States to Harry Shapiro . greeting : have submit yourself to a local board , you be hereby notify to report ... ' what do you know ! so now I be a draft evader ! ext . barrack 4 - ( day ) hoffy be walk across the muddy compound towards the barrack , lead a couple of new prisoner : lieutenant dunbar and sergeant bagradian . they be exhaust but , by contrast to the old p.o.w.s , remarkably clean . they be follow by a p.o.w. , carry two barrack bag . hoffy ( open door to barrack ) this be it , gentleman . do not bother to scrape you shoe . he lead they into the barrack . int . barrack hoffy lead in dunbar , bagradian and the p.o.w. with the barrack bag . he snap the line , the wash jiggle through the barrack . everybody turn . hoffy okay , gang ! meet we new guest . this be Lieutenant dunbar and this be sergeant bagradian . dunbar and bagradian hi. stosh Lieutenant ?! the whole barrack come to its foot and salute he with mock reverence . Harry dash up and polish with he sleeve the Lieutenant 's bar . dunbar knock it off , boy . the pleasure 's all mine . hoffy the Lieutenant will be with we for a week or so until the kraut can ship he to the officer ' camp in silesia . look like all the railroad line out of Frankfurt be foule up because somebody blow up a ammunition train . bagradian somebody , my eye. ( indicate dunbar ) the Lieutenant do it -- right in the station -- with fifty german guard around . harry ( climb off the stool ) well ! glad to have you with the organization ! stosh you be just in time for the Christmas pageant . bagradian look more like the lose company of tobacco Road . p.o.w. with barrack bag ( indicate bagradian ) he 's a actor . you should see he do imitation . he can imitate anybody . harry if he can imitate a girl , he 's make . p.o.w. hey -- do lionel barrymore . stosh do grable . hoffy stop it , boy . they be shot down two day ago and they have be on they foot ever since . ( to stosh and Harry ) fix they some tea , will you ? ( to dunbar and bagradian ) price will show you you bunk . price lead they towards the bunk which be formerly occupy by manfredi and Johnson , the p.o.w. with the barrack bag follow they . price we have a couple of unexpected vacancy . which one will it be -- the upper or lower , Lieutenant dunbar ? dunbar do not matter . Cookie be just finish shave sefton . sefton turn in he chair . sefton Lieutenant dunbar ? it would not be James schuyler dunbar ? from Boston ? dunbar yes , it would . do we know each other ? stosh ( indicate sefton ) he 's from Boston , too . but you would not know he , not unless you have you house rob . sefton get up , wiping the soap off he ear with the towel . sefton maybe he would . we apply for officer ' train together , remember ? they turn I down , but I be glad to see you make it . of course , it could not be that all that dough behind you have something to do with it ! ( to the other ) his mother 's get twenty million dollar . dunbar twenty -five . sefton they have get a summer house in nantucket , with a upstairs polo field . ( to price ) you better put a canopy over he bunk . hoffy Lay off , sefton . sefton ( to dunbar ) with you mother 's pull , how come you be not a chicken colonel by now ? hoffy Lay off , I say -- if you do not want you head hand to you . harry ( from the table ) tea be be serve on the verandah ! Harry set two chow can on the table . harry ( to stosh ) where be the napkin , Animal ? stosh tear off two sheet of toilet paper from a roll , separate they and put they next to the chow can . by now , dunbar and bagradian come over to the table . bagradian ( to dunbar , a la Ronald colman ) do be seat , bonita . what a perfectly charming table arrangement . they must have copy it from House beautiful . stosh start pour hot water from the pot . harry Animal ! how many time have I tell you , you get to pour from the leave ! stosh reverse he direction . Harry have take a fade tea bag out of he watch pocket . he dunk it three time into each chow can . then , look at the tea bag as if it be a watch : harry dinner will be serve at seven sharp . Black tie . he put the tea bag back into he watch pocket . hoffy where would they get you , Lieutenant ? over Frankfurt ? dunbar on the schweinfurt run . hoffy how many ship do you lose ? dunbar half the group . price Flying out of England ? dunbar yes. paddington , 92nd bomber Group . blondie ( wide - eye ) hey , Lieutenant . how do you blow up that train with fifty guard around ? dunbar just lucky , I guess . bagradian do not let he kid you . cagney could not have pull a sweeter job . ( a la cagney ) all right , boy . we be wait in the depot in Frankfurt , see ? and there be a ammunition train come through , the longest ammunition train you ever see , see ? so dunbar get himself in the men' room , see ? fix himself a time bomb , bust open the window and just as the train move out , lay the thing in there , see ? so then , he come out like nothing 's happen and three minute later you can hear it -- boom ! break every window in Frankfurt . it be gorgeous ! hoffy I would not talk about thing like that . bagradian ( himself again ) they never catch on . hoffy they may . that 's why I would keep my mouth shut . dunbar we be all Americans here ! price the kraut have a way of get information . duke especially in this barrack . dunbar how ? price that 's what we would like to know . sefton be just put on he leather jacket . he have be listen to what have be go on . Cookie hand he out of the footlocker a bottle of rhine wine and a carton of cigarettes . sefton tuck they inside he leather jacket . Cookie now hand he a pair of silk stocking . cookie ( in a low voice ) there 's only one pair leave . sefton ( put the stocking in he pocket ) we will get some more . he put he cap on and walk toward the door . as he pass the other : dunbar where do a guy take a hot shower around here ? stosh hot shower ? dig he ! price sorry . no hot shower . you wash in the latrine . dunbar latrine ? sefton ( stop in he track ) what do you expect , glamor boy ? the officer ' Club with a steam room and a massage maybe ? dunbar ( go after he ) just a minute . you make a couple of crack before and I let they slide . but I do not intend to take any more . if you resent my have money , start a revolution , but get off my back . sefton look , Lieutenant . all you dough will not help you here . because here you be on you own . and no mother to throw you a lifebelt . now let 's see how good you can swim . he have pick a little twig off the Christmas tree . he put it in he buttonhole . sefton sorry , boy , but my taxi 's wait . he go out . bagradian what 's wrong with he ? hoffy plenty . stosh number one on the rat parade ! hoffy nod to Duke . Duke leave the barrack , after sefton . ext . compound - ( day ) on the muddy compound there be a tag football game go on with some forty g.i.s watch . sefton be walk along . behind he , Duke have come out of the barrack and be follow he . sefton become aware of it . nonchalantly , he walk into a wash latrine . int . wash latrine sefton come in . there be another p.o.w. there , a color guy , just finish wash he hand . sefton quickly climb up a couple of rung of the ladder lead to the water tank and stop there . the color p.o.w. do not notice it . ext . wash latrine Duke stand some distance away , watch the only pair of leg visible under the raise partition . the leg move now down the length of the latrine and out the other end . the color p.o.w. emerge and walk off with he back toward Duke . Duke follow he . int . wash latrine sefton jump off the ladder and exit the way he come in . cookie' voice it be a funny thing about sefton and I . I guess I know he as well as anybody else in the camp because I have work for he for two year . but there be lot of thing I do not know about he . take for instance , where he would disappear to once in a while . of course , I have a hunch , but it seem so crazy I could not quite believe it -- just as I would never have believe that sefton be the guy that would give away Lieutenant dunbar for blow up that ammunition train . ext . compound Duke be still follow the wrong guy . now the p.o.w. stop to talk to a pal . Duke realize he mistake . he dash back into the wash latrine and come out again . he stand there frustrated . with the football player rush about , pass be throw and g.i.s milling around , he have lose sefton . dissolve : int . barrack 4 - ( day ) start on the electric light -- the cord be again tie up into a noose . camera pan to Harry . he be make up a la Hitler ; he hair be comb across he forehead and a charcoal mustache on he lip . he be now make up joey as Hitler , with two finger blacken in charcoal . joey just sit in he bunk , dumbly . at the table , hoffy be play gin with dunbar . price kibitze . hoffy ( to Harry ) cut the horseplay , Harry . what 's the matter with you guy ? price and do not blame I if you all wind up in the cooler . dunbar how 's two ? he lay down he hand . stosh , at the door , hold it slightly ajar and peek out into the compound . he too be make up as Hitler . stosh get ready ! here he come ! he slam the door , snap wash line . ext . barrack 4 - ( day ) a german truck draw up , load with blanket . schulz , sit next to the driver , get out and start into the barrack . two german guard stay behind . int . barrack schulz enter , close the door behind he . from off come bagradian 's voice : a double-talk german gibberish in the characteristic guttural sound of der fuehrer . schulz stop , mystify . bagradian stand on a stool give a lecture to some thirty p.o.w.s , all of they with they back towards schulz . bagradian 's face cannot be see as he hold the mein kampf book in front of it . schulz listen for a little while to bagradian 's ranting and rave . then he stamp he foot . schultz gentlemen ! gentlemen ! attention ! bagradian lower the book . he too be make up as Hitler . he raise he arm in the Nazi salute . bagradian Heil , Hitler ! schultz ( respond automatically ) Heil , Hitler ! he catch himself , lower the arm . schultz ( jovially ) droppen sie dead . bagradian ( a la Hitler ) quiet ! we be indoctrinate ! ( to the other ) be you all indoctrinated ? p.o.w.s ( in unison ) jawohl . bagradian be you all good Nazis ? p.o.w.s jawohl . bagradian be you all little adolf ? p.o.w.s jawohl ! bagradian then we shall all zalute feldwebel von und zu schulz ! about face ! the p.o.w.s wheel around and face schulz . they be all make up as Hitler . p.o.w.s sieg heil ! sieg heil ! sieg Heil ! after each ' sieg heil ' they raise they arm in salute . schultz ach ! one fuehrer be enough ! now please , gentleman ! take off the mustaches immediately . or do you want I arrest by the gestapo ? p.o.w.s jawohl ! schultz you would be very sorry to get a new feldwebel . somebody without a sense of humor . hoffy okay , boy . wipe off the mustaches . now what be it , schulz ? the man start wiping off the mustaches and straighten they hair . schultz gentlemen , tomorrow morning the geneva man be come to inspect the camp whether we be live up to the International Convention . I be sure he will find we be treat you very well . you must not run around in you underwear . and take off the wash . the kommandant want all the barrack to be spic and also span . stosh we will put pink ribbon on the bedbug . schultz the kommandant also send you clean blanket . he want every man to have a new , clean blanket . hoffy we know ! we get they last year . five minute after the geneva man be go , the blanket be go . schultz one more thing , gentleman . the kommandant tell I to pick up the radio . hoffy what radio ? schultz the one you be hide in the barrack , do not you know ? the one you friend without the leg be smuggle all over the compound . price schulz , you be off you nut ! schultz give I the radio . price we have no radio . schultz all right , gentleman , I will find it myself . now let 's see . he start wander around the barrack , draw closer and closer to the trick bucket . schultz be I cold ? be I get warmer ? hot , maybe ? very hot ? he have reach the bucket . with he boot he kick it over on the floor . the water spill on Cookie 's shoe . the radio and the earphone lie on the floor . schultz ( pick up radio ) what be this ? this be water ? harry it 's a mouse trap . schultz ( hold up earphone ) and this ? stosh my grandmother 's ear-muff . schultz ( to dunbar ) look at they , Lieutenant . everybody be a clown ! how do you expect to win the war with a army of clown ? dunbar we sort of hope you will laugh yourselves to death . schulz give out with a big phony laugh . as he laugh he eye fall on : the light bulb and the cord tie up in a noose . schulz stop laugh . schultz now , outside everybody , for the blanket ! everybody out ! he herd they out . joey be in he bunk , still wear the Hitler mustache . schultz outside ! you , too ! he push joey out . alone in the barrack again , schulz quickly walk to the table , exchange the black queen and straighten out the light cord . ext . barrack 4 - ( day ) the man , stand in line be be issue new blanket by the two german guard . harry that schulz pig . I will get he yet . stosh you hold he . I will slug he . hoffy it 's not schulz . it 's that stoolie . whoever he be , he 's sure bat a thousand . price the guy I want to talk to be sefton . where 's sefton ? ( turn to Cookie , who be come up in the line ) you have not see sefton , have you ? cookie ( frighten ) no , I have not . german guard ( hurry they along ) Der naechste ! int . barrack 4 - ( day ) the p.o.w.s be come back with the blanket . schulz be stand at the door with radio and earphone . schultz ( call out to the guard ) henkel ! krause ! ( to hoffy ) I be very sorry about the mouse trap , but the war news be very depress anyway . the two german guard have enter . schulz point at the roll - up volley ball net under one of the bunk . schultz I might as well also confiscate the antenna . the guard carry out the wire -roll . schultz american know -how ! simultaneously , he snap the wash line . shake with laughter , he exit . as he go out , Cookie squeeze himself into the barrack , carry he blanket . he start edging towards he bunk , but hoffy grab he . hoffy all right , Cookie , let 's hear it : where be sefton ? cookie I do not know . I tell you . price he would not be at the kommandant 's , would he ? cookie I do not know . hoffy what do they trade he for the radio ? cookie I do not know . during this , they have back he up towards he bunk . harry why do not we just look in that footlocker ? stosh come on , you little stooge . Hand over they key . cookie I have not get any key . stosh okay . then I will get I a key . he grab off a piece of iron hold up a corner of the distillery . meanwhile , Harry have pull out sefton 's footlocker . stosh shove the iron bar into one of the lock . stop . look up at hoffy . stosh okay , hoffy ? hoffy okay . stosh start rip off the lock . Cookie have shrink back into the corner of he bunk . the first footlocker be crack open . it be brimful of cigarettes , chocolate bar , coffee , tea and sugar . stosh now pries open the second footlocker . he throw back the top : there be a dazzle assortment of camera , binocular , wristwatch , beer stein , bottle of rhine wine and a cuckoo clock . stosh of all the hoard crud ! bagradian look like macey 's basement , do not it ? dunbar that kid 's richer than my mother . Harry have pick up the cuckoo clock . it open , the birdie emerge and cuckoos . harry shut up ! he slap the door shut on it . stosh pull from under the binocular a pair of silk stocking . he hold they up . stosh for cryin ' out loud ! what would he be do with this ? duke's voice suppose you ask I . they turn . in the door stand Duke , breathless . he have just come in from the compound . duke go on , ask I ! because I get the goods on mister sefton . because this time he do not shake I . he move toward the telescope at the window . duke take a look for yourself . it will curdle you gut . he swing the telescope around so it face the Russian compound . stosh the Russian woman ! they all dash towards the window and the telescope . hoffy push through and look himself , focus the telescope . duke try the end barrack . where the goody be . hoffy look . harry ( impatiently ) come on , hoffy ! we all want to see ! hoffy straighten up . stosh push Harry away and look through the telescope . hoffy ( to Duke ) how do he get over there ? duke easy ! walk right through the gate , past the guard . like he be some kraut field marshal . stosh , look through the telescope , have let go with a long whistle . stosh this be murder ! russian barrack - ( day ) the telescope be focus on the window , revealing : a party be in progress . sefton be the only man among some eight Russian woman . he lie on a bunk , recline like a sultan . the Russian woman around he vie for he favor . one play the balalaika . another be dance the kazatski on the table . int . barrack the man struggle to get at the telescope . Harry jerk stosh away . meanwhile , blondie move in . harry ( pull blondie off ) go play with you marble ! Harry look . stosh the stinkin ' miser ! keeping all that to himself ! triz would I like to lay my hand on he ! harry ( from the telescope ) who want to lay they hand on he ? blondie , bagradian and a couple other have dash to the footlocker , grab themselves some binocular , and dash back to the window to look . duke ( to hoffy and price ) so I be a vigilante , huh ? so what be the barrack officer go to do now ? price do not worry Duke . we will handle it from here on in . duke you better handle it fast . before a few more of we get knock off . hoffy , boil mad , grab the telescope from the guy and fling it across the room . the telescope smashes against sefton 's bunk . it almost hit Cookie . he cringe back . dissolve to : ext . compound - ( dusk ) sefton be come back from the Russian compound . there be about a dozen p.o.w.s about . he pause at the gate until a couple of p.o.w.s have move on . then he walk through the gate , give the german guard a little high sign . whistle a Russian tune , sefton cross toward barrack 4 . int . barrack 4 - ( dusk ) the electric light be burn . sefton enter , whistling . Duke slip behind he , slam the door shut , and stand there block the exit . sefton stop whistling . he survey the situation . about twenty - five p.o.w.s stand around silently , look at he . hoffy , price , Harry and stosh in the foreground . sefton ( casually ) hi. no answer . sefton too late for chow ? no answer . sefton what 's the matter , boy ? be my slip show ? hoffy I will say it be . you spill a little borscht on it . sefton borscht ? stosh have a nice time over there ? sefton oh ! somebody be peek ! he nonchalantly start peel off he coat . sefton yeah ! have a dreamy time ! that dame , they really know how to throw a party . I have handle some pretty interesting material in my day , but between you and I , there 's just nothing like the hot breath of the cossack . there 's a couple of blonde sniper over there , real man-killer ... he break off as he eye fall on he footlocker . he see that they have be break open . sefton what 's this ? they just look at he . he turn to Cookie , who be curl up in he bunk , petrify . sefton what happen , Cookie ? who do it ? hoffy we do it . sefton there better not be anything miss . this be private property . price so be the radio private property . so be manfredi and Johnson . sefton what about the radio ? duke ( move in on sefton ) yeah , what about it ? ( to hoffy and price ) cut the horsing around . we know he 's the stoolie and we know what the pay - off be . let 's get on with it . sefton let 's get on with what ? what be this anyway ? a kangaroo Court ? why do not you get a rope and do it right ? duke you make my mouth water . sefton you be all wire happy , boy . you have be in this camp too long . you put two and two together and it come out four . only it be not four . hoffy what 's it add up to you , sefton ? sefton it add up that you get yourselves the wrong guy . because I be tell you . the kraut would not plant two stooly in one barrack . and whatever you do to I you be go to have to do all over again when you find the right guy . blondie ( from the window ) watch it ! he snap the wash . ext . compound - ( night by now ) planks have be laid from the administration Building to barrack 4 . two german guard be just put down the last plank right against the barrack . von scherbach stride down the plank . he be accompany by he aide and two german soldier . they , of course , be march through the mud . the aide hurry ahead to open the door to the barrack . int . barrack 4 - ( night ) von scherbach enter , follow by he aide . all the p.o.w.s look on tensely . von scherbach good evening , sergeant . ( look around ) a bit dank in here , be not it ?... where be the baracken - fuehrer ? hoffy ( step up ) yes , sir . von scherbach you have a Lieutenant here ... he hold out he hand . his aide hand he a slip of paper . von scherbach ( read ) ...a Lieutenant James dunbar ? hoffy yes , sir . dunbar I be Lieutenant dunbar . von scherbach what be you number ? dunbar ( read off he dog - tag ) 105-353 . von scherbach ( check with paper ) that be correct . ( he salute ) Lieutenant dunbar , I come to apologize for the accommodation . ordinarily , of course , we never put officer up with enlist man . dunbar I will live . von scherbach quite a transportation jam we be have outside of Frankfurt ! they be very angry in Berlin . they will be even angrier on the East Front , wait for that ammunition train . do not you think so , Lieutenant ? dunbar I do not know what you be talk about , Colonel . von scherbach of course you do not . now , Lieutenant , how would you like to join I in my quarter ? I have a nice fire go . dunbar I be okay here . why bother ? von scherbach no bother . I be very grateful for a little company . you see , I suffer from insomnia . dunbar ever try forty sleep pill ? von scherbach ( to he aide , sharply ) abfuehren ! the aide take dunbar by the arm . hoffy ( to the aide ) wait a minute . we have some rights here . ( to von scherbach ) why be this man be take out ? von scherbach ( look around the room ) curtain would do wonder for this barrack . ( on second think ) you will not get they . he snap he finger . the aide march dunbar out . von scherbach follow , slamm the door after he . for a moment , there be a stunne silence . then : bagradian how do he ever find out about that ammunition train ? hoffy you must have shot off you mouth all the way from Frankfurt to here . bagradian we do not . price maybe just a hint or so . think hard . bagradian I do not have to think . we do not tell anything to anybody . not a word . not until we hit this barrack . the man stand strike . then all eye go to sefton . he be close he footlocker . he sense they look . straighten up . sefton what be you look at I for ? no answer . he shove the footlocker under he bunk . from off come whistle and shout : ' light out ! ' the light go out . the barrack be in semi-darkness . sefton I suppose some jerk 's go to say I do it . he crawl into he bunk . he lie there , he eye wide open . the air be charge . after a long moment , the man move in on he , lead by Duke and stosh . sefton sit up to meet they . a couple of guy grab he from behind , hold he down . sefton why do not you try it one at a time ? the first blow be fall . joey lie in he bunk , he head propped against the bedpost , he face still in idiotic Hitler make - up . he do not comprehend the sound from sefton 's bunk , the beat and muffle cry . in the foreground , the electric bulb , hang straight , sway gently . fade out : end of sequence " D " sequence " E " fade in : ext . compound wintry day . cold sun shine . through the big gate two vehicle be drive into the compound : a 1939 buick sedan and a tarpaulin-covered truck . the vehicle be muddy , batter , and carry the insignia of the Red Cross . they stop in front of the administration Building . p.o.w.s converge from all side . out of the buick step the geneva man : a friendly type , about fifty - five , dress in civilian clothes and carry a brief case . he tip he homburg to the p.o.w.s , but they be more interested in the truck . while a couple of german lieutenant exchange credential with the geneva man , the Red Cross driver roll back the tarpaulin of the truck , and the p.o.w.s ( include all the man from barrack 4 , except sefton ) crowd around the goody . cookie' voice now , there 's a lot of folk around this day that do not believe in Santa Claus . I always do and I always will . for a while there , I think the german luftwaffe have shot he down , reindeer , sleigh and all . but , no sir ! come the day before Christmas , he show up with some present for we , the geneva man do . he have start out with seven truckload . he be lucky to get one of they through -- with all the bombing and booby trap and pilfering . still , they be present and make you feel good : coffee , a little sugar and some candy and toothbrush and about a thousand roll of that sanitary paper . brother , they sure keep send we ream of that stuff . I will bet you if they have drop all that paper on Berlin the first day , the war would have be over right then and there . int . barrack 4 - ( day ) it be quite change now . the wash be go . everything be put away . the barrack be apparently empty , except for a german guard and schulz , who give the place a last once -over . the german guard be sweeping dust under the bunk . schultz schnell ! schnell ! bevor der Mann vom roten kreuz inspizieren kommt ! at one of the bunk he see a miserable plant , pot in a smelly old shoe . he pick it up and give it to the guard . schultz nehmen sie das hinaus ! the guard take the shoe out . schulz , about to leave himself , see a pair of sock hang from the line above . he rip they down and tuck they disgustedly under a blanket . from off come : seftone voice hey , schulz ! schulz turn . at the other end of the barrack , sefton be lie in he bunk . he have propped himself up on he elbow . his face be batter . one eye be swollen , one ear gash . his body be aching . schultz ( crossing ) what be this ? you must get out of the bunk . the geneva man be come to inspect the barrack ! he see sefton 's condition . schultz du lieber gott ! how do you look ? you have a fight ? sefton ( hold out a pair of silk stocking ) how would you like to give frau schulz a pair of silk stocking for Christmas ? schultz you should go and see the doctor . maybe I can -- ( break off ) silk stocking ? sefton here . take they . he press the stocking upon schulz . schultz Wunderbar ! maybe they be too wunderbar for my wife . but there be a piano teacher in the village -- sefton and how about three hundred cigarettes for yourself ? he have drag himself out of he bunk and be take carton of cigarettes out of the footlocker . schultz Three hundred cigarettes ! what be it you want from I ? sefton who 's the guy , schulz ? schultz what guy ? sefton the one you work with . who be he ? how do you do it ? schultz I do not want that cigarettes . sefton yes , you do ! he pull himself up with a armful of carton . sefton I will make it five hundred ! schultz no ! no ! sefton grab he . sefton you would better talk , schulz , because I be go to find out with you or without you . because I will not let go for a second . because they will have to kill I to stop I . so talk ! schultz talk what ? I do not know anything ! sefton how many do you want ? a thousand ? he bend over the footlocker , fight he pain , come up with more carton . he thrust they upon schulz . sefton take it ! take it ! there be a SOUND of p.o.w.s enter . schulz look off . the p.o.w.s be come back from the compound with the Christmas present . hoffy , price , Duke , Harry and stosh stand in the door , look at sefton and schulz . schulz quickly drop the carton on sefton 's bunk . stands embarrassed for a moment , then retrieve he poise . schultz gentlemen ! when the geneva man come through the barrack , I do not want any funny business . no mustaches . we will all behave ourselves . he go toward the other end of the barrack , which be by now fill with all the other p.o.w.s. schulz stop . schultz and gentleman ! you will not complain to the geneva man . because I have order from the kommandant to report everyone who complain . the man move toward sefton . stosh look at he ! dunbar 's be crucify and he 's trading again ! duke do not you get enough last night ? you itching for more ? harry some guy never learn ! hoffy I call a meeting of the barrack chief this morning , sefton . I think maybe I could get you transfer into another barrack . it turn out nobody like you any more than we do . sefton so you be stick with I , eh ? stosh maybe that Russian dame would take he . harry not with that kisser -- not any more ! Cookie have come through the door with some ice in a towel . cookie ( to sefton ) here ... put some ice on it . Duke grab the ice- bag from he . duke beat it , stooge ! ( to hoffy and price ) go on -- tell the crumb where he stand . price all right , sefton . you get away lucky last night . one more move , no matter how small , and you will wake up with you throat slit ! hoffy you hear that , sefton ? sefton sure I hear it . I still get one good ear . from off come schulz ' whistle . they look . schulz stand at the far door , blow he whistle . schultz achtung ! achtung ! everybody at attention for the geneva man ! the man all come to attention before they bunk . the german lieutenant enter , ushere in the geneva man . schulz stiffen and click he heel . geneva man as you be , gentleman . please . he take off he hat , look around , and as the scene progress , move through the barrack . german lieutenant here we have a typical barrack . it house seventy - five man . every one of they have he own bunk , naturally . geneva man naturally . it would be rather awkward to have three man in one bunk . german lieutenant as for the blanket , you will notice they be very warm . fifty percent wool . geneva man they also smell of moth ball . ( to a p.o.w. at that particular bunk ) when be they issue ? this morning ? the p.o.w. look noncommittally . geneva man ( to the Lieutenant ) what do you do for heat in this barrack ? no stove ? german lieutenant the man here use it for a trap door , so we have to remove it temporarily . geneva man how long be temporarily ? I trust not until July . through the other door a couple of p.o.w.s have bring in the chow - tub , steaming with some brew . they put it on the table in the middle of the barrack . german lieutenant here you see a typical meal the prisoner be get . what be we have today , schulz ? schultz bean soup with ham hock . would you like to taste it ? ( fishing with the ladle ) where 's the ham hock ? there should be a ham hock . stosh when he find it , we will send it to geneva . the geneva man continue down the barrack . geneva man be there any complaint ? please speak up . he look around . a pause . geneva man do not be afraid to talk . that 's what the geneva Convention be for : to protect the rights of prisoner of war . whether they be Americans or Germans . nobody answer . geneva man ( to Harry ) what have you get to say ? harry I like it here . ( then with a shrug ) aeh ! geneva man ( to price ) what about you ? price it 's all right . consider . the geneva man walk on . stop at sefton 's bunk . see he batter face . geneva man what happen to you ? be you beat ? why do not you answer ? ( to the german Lieutenant ) what do you do to this man ? sefton they do not do nothing . geneva man who beat you ? sefton nobody beat I . we be play pinochle . it 's a rough game . hoffy ( step up ) pardon I , sir . since you want we to speak up , there be a man remove from this barrack last night . a Lieutenant dunbar . we sure would appreciate you look into it . that 's if they have not shot he yet . geneva man ( to the german Lieutenant ) why be the man arrest ? german lieutenant sabotage . he blow up a train . hoffy they would have to prove that first , would not they ? be not that what the geneva Convention say ? you can not just take a man out and shoot he ! quick dissolve to : int . von scherbach' office - ( day ) the office be in the administration Building . it be primitive , sparsely furnish . a desk with a couple of phone on it . Iron stove . a black leather sofa . Maps . in the room be von scherbach , dunbar and the Colonel 's orderly . the Colonel 's boot , shine gloriously , stand near the desk . he be pace up and down in he stock foot talk to dunbar . in he hand be the black queen from the chess game . he toss it into the air once in a while and catch it . dunbar stand close to a wall . he be completely exhaust , fight sleep . start the scene on the chess piece in von scherbach 's hand and pan with it as von scherbach walk to reveal the room . von scherbach you have no idea how boring my life here be . if it be not for a occasional air raid or some foolish prisoner try to escape , I would not know what to do . I want to thank you for keep I company . I do not drink , I do not smoke , I do not read . I hate music . that only leave good conversation . it will be a shame to lose you . dunbar ( fight sleep ) I do not do it -- I do not do it . von scherbach of course you do ! twenty -six carload of munition go off like a trick cigar ! the s.s. be run around in circle . the gestapo be arrest the wrong people . and von scherbach have catch the fish . most amusing , be not it ? dunbar fall back against the wall , yawn . von scherbach ( straighten he up ) you be be rude again . dunbar I want to sleep . give I five minute on that couch . von scherbach ( look at he wristwatch ) nine-thirty . General von pfeffinger should be at he desk by now . shall we call Berlin and tell he the good news ? dunbar ( wearily ) I do not do it . I do not do it . von scherbach have go to the desk , pick up the phone and crank it . von scherbach ( into phone ) hauptkommando Berlin . General von pfeffinger . dringend . he hang up , sit on the edge of the desk hold up he stock foot . during he subsequent spiel , the orderly step up and pull von scherbach 's boot on . von scherbach I hope you appreciate this moment , Lieutenant . you see , I be a cavalry man . all the von scherbach be cavalry man . well , you know what happen to the cavalry . the young one they put into panzer division . the older one they put in the quartermaster 's corps . or they make they recruiting officer or warden . like I . wet nurse to putrid prisoner . in Berlin they have forget that Colonel von scherbach even exist . they will remember now ! the boot be on . the telephone ring . he jump to he foot , pick up the receiver , automatically click he heel . von scherbach ( into phone ) Berlin ? hier Oberst von scherbach . General von pfeffinger ? ( click he heel ) Oberst von scherbach . stalag 17 . melde gehorchsamst haben al gefangene de Mann , der munitionszug in Frankfurt in die luft gesprengt hat . jawohl , herr General -- ( click the heel ) -- name leutenant dunbar . sabotage . jawohl , herr General . he click he heel again , hang up . sit again on the desk and the orderly automatically start to pull off he boot . von scherbach there will be two s.s. man here tomorrow to take you to Berlin . you will be interrogate by the General staff . when you come to the part about you arrest , I be sure you will not forget to give I the proper credit . dunbar ( sink back ) I want to sleep ... I have not sleep for three day . von scherbach ( pull he up ) you will remember the name ? von scherbach ? von scher -bach ! there 's a knock on the door . von scherbach herein ! schulz open the door , click he heel , salute . schultz Der Mann vom roten kreuz moechte de herrn Oberst sprechen ! von scherbach ich bitte ! schulz usher in the geneva man , step out himself . von scherbach well , herr Inspector ! how do you find the camp ? crowd but gemuetlich , shall we say ? geneva man I want to talk about Lieutenant dunbar . be this Lieutenant dunbar ? von scherbach it be . geneva man what exactly be he charge with ? von scherbach whatever it be , it 's out of you jurisdiction . this man be not a prisoner of war . not any more . he be a saboteur . geneva man he be a prisoner of war until you can prove sabotage . dunbar I do not do it . I be in the Frankfurt station and the train be three mile away when it blow up . von scherbach oh , come now ! you throw a time bomb . dunbar how could I have have a time bomb ? they searched I when they take I prisoner . geneva man and the way you search you prisoner , it do sound rather unlikely . von scherbach all I know be he do it . I be satisfied . geneva man I be not . accord to the geneva Convention -- dunbar be there anything about let a guy sleep in the geneva Convention ? he have shuffle over to the sofa , and plunk himself down -- instantly asleep . von scherbach ( to the geneva man ) you be say --? geneva man simply this . after the hostility be end , there will be such a thing as a War crime Commission . if this man should be convict without proper proof , you will be hold responsible , Colonel von scherbach . von scherbach interesting . geneva man be not it ? the geneva man look straight into von scherbach 's eye . von scherbach do not like the look . he pick up the black queen and toss it again . von scherbach very well . if you insist on detail . I have way of find out about that blast time bomb . good day , sir . ( indicate stock foot ) you will forgive I for receive you like this ? geneva man perfectly all right . I do not like boot . as the geneva man exit -- von scherbach schulz ! schulz enter . von scherbach wie ist es moeglich dass dieser amerikaner eine bombe bei sich hatte ? er wurde doch bei der gefangennahme untersucht . schultz jawohl , herr kommandant . von scherbach finden sie es heraus -- und zwar sofort ! schultz Zu befehl , herr kommandant . von scherbach toss he the black queen . quick dissolve to : int . barrack 4 - ( day ) start on black queen now with the other chess piece on the table . pan up to disclose the barrack and the electric light , its cord now looped . sefton be lie in he bunk , dress . Cookie above he in he bunk . at the center table , Harry , stosh , blondie and bagradian be decorate the Christmas tree with they dogtag and hand - make candle . joey sit there watch they . blondie take off joey 's dogtag and put they on the tree . one of the p.o.w.s be whistling Silent night . sitting on a stool be triz . he be knitting a little baby 's garment . he pause as a think disturb he , then : triz I believe it . I believe it . he go on with the knitting . through the door come Duke and price , follow by two p.o.w.s from another barrack . one p.o.w. be carry a old - fashioned phonograph , the other some record . duke ( indicate center table ) put it down , boy . harry hey , -- music ! price we make a deal with barrack one . bagradian ( to price ) any news on dunbar ? price he 's still in the kommandant 's office . that 's all I know . the p.o.w.s from barrack one have deposit the phonograph and the record on the table . duke over here . they follow he to sefton 's bunk . duke ( to Cookie ) let 's have that distillery . come on . Cookie look down at sefton for permission . duke what be you look at he for ? ( to sefton ) any objection , sefton ? sefton take it . the p.o.w.s climb on sefton 's bunk and start take down the distillery , which be pile up in Cookie 's bunk . duke ( to sefton ) next we be go to auction off you department store -- and you stable . sefton why not ? at the table , price finish cranking the machine . Harry put on a record and price start it play . the tune be : when johnny come march Home . the guy start crowd around . meanwhile , stosh have be watch the p.o.w.s from barrack one take down the distillery . as they start out , he grab up a empty glass jar , follow they surreptitiously and , in move , siphon off a stream of booze into the glass jar . one of the p.o.w.s catch he . p.o.w. ( slapping he hand ) hey ! that go with it ! they pull the hose out of the glass jar and leave . stosh , however , have get himself a pint of schnapp . at the table Harry and a few other start sing with the record . everybody have gather around except sefton and Cookie . price move over to he bunk , ( pan with he ) . as he take off he jacket he eye fall on -- the loop in the electric cord . price . his eye narrow for a split second . then he take he cap off , case the situation . the p.o.w.s be at the phonograph . sefton lie in he bunk , he eye toward the wall . Cookie climb down to join the other . nonchalantly , price cross toward the lamp . he stand at the table with he back towards the barrack . pick up the black queen , pull the top off , palm a small piece of paper , put the top back and place the chess piece back on the chess board . he be about to read , but -- some of the p.o.w.s come march down the barrack toward price in a take - off of a homecome parade , lead by Harry and stosh . price stand there , the note in he fist . after they have pass , he open he hand , read the palm note , put it in he pocket . he look after the other who be now march down at the other end of the barrack . casually , he pull the slip noose out of the light cord , and walk toward the center table . sefton , lie in he bunk , see the shadow of the bulb and the light cord on the wall , swinging gently back and forth . it do not make too much of a impression on he . however , he definitely notice it and look around for the cause . he dismiss it and lie back in he bunk . the johnny come march Home number be over and bagradian now go into a impersonation of lionel barrymore , as the mayor of a small town , welcoming home the return warrior -- and Jimmy Stewart answer for the soldier . ( to be work out later ) . during this , price have join they . p.o.w.s do bogart . do cary grant . price do cagney . stosh naw ! do grable ! bagradian okay . he go into a short impersonation of Clark gable . stosh grable , not gable ! harry do Jimmy durante ! price do cagney . like you do yesterday . bagradian ( a la cagney ) there be that ammunition train in the depot at Frankfurt , see ? so dunbar get himself in the men' room and fix a time bomb , see ? then he wait until the train start move out , see ? and one of the car get the door open with some straw on the floor , see ? so he throw it , see , and three minute later -- voom ! see ? price throw what ? how could he have a time bomb ? bagradian just pull the old match gag , see ! price what 's the match gag ? bagradian take some match , see ? ( take a book of match from he pocket ) and a cigarette , see ? ( take a burn cigarette from triz ' mouth ) tuck the cigarette in like this , see ? ( tuck the cigarette inside cover of match - book with the light end stick out ) now the cigarette keep burn like a fuse , see ? duke say , that 's a dandy ! price ( as it sink in ) yeah . pretty clever . stosh do grable . harry hey , here 's esther Williams . he bend he head over and tap he ear , as if to shake out water . no laugh . harry nothing , eh ? p.o.w. do cary grant . bagradian go into a take - off on cary grant . price lean he head against a bunk -post , completely relaxed . dissolve to : int . barrack 4 - ( evening ) the light be on . in the foreground , we bulb , with a loop in the cord again . a Christmas party be in progress . on the center table , the pitiful little tree be light . all the p.o.w.s in the barrack be huddle around the table , most of they sit on the bunk . they be sing adeste fidele . it be bitter cold . outside the wind be howling . they be wrap in blanket and most of they wear glove . as for sefton , he be lie in he bunk , a pariah . Duke come over from the group , pull sefton 's foot - locker out and start take out the bottle of rhine wine . duke where 's the corkscrew ? he find it , put it in he pocket . sefton have a cigar . duke thanks . he take a cigar , put it in he mouth and go off with the wine . as sefton look after he , he eye be catch by the light cord and the noose in it . he stare at it . the p.o.w.s around the tree be singing , price prominently in the foreground . Duke have come with the wine and start open it . stosh nudge joey who sit next to he and point to a lone little package under the tree . stosh hey , joey -- there 's a present for you . joey do not move . stosh pick it up . stosh want I to open it for you ? he open it . it 's the crude ocarina he carve out of wood . joey 's eye flicker . he take the ocarina and start play weird sound on it . the boy look at he , delighted . stosh there , joey -- be not that better than be a lawyer ? harry ( nudging stosh ) Animal ! get a little something for you ! he produce from behind he back a package , wrap with ersatz ribbon . stosh get a little something for you , too ! he take out a package from inside he blanket . harry I will open mine now . stosh I will open mine , too . they start open they present . it become apparent that each have give the other a roll of sanitary paper . harry and stosh ( throw they arm around each other ) you be a doll ! just what I want ! how do you know ! from the compound , a siren be hear . and shout , light out ! the sing stop . price Air raid warning . blondie not Christmas Eve ! hoffy ( wearily ) come on , everybody . let 's get out . let 's hit that slit trenches . triz ( get up ) I be not really build for war . they blow out the candle . simultaneously , the light be turn off . the man start rush out . outside , through the door , man from other barrack can be see hurry by . sefton sit up in he bunk , look at the electric cord . the bulb be dark now . schulz ' voice out , out everybody ! sefton look off . schulz have come through the door and be herding they out . schultz you must get out . for you own good , you must get out . hoffy come on , everybody ! ( push joey ) let 's go ! schulz have come up to sefton . schultz what 's the matter with you ? you want to be kill ? sefton not particularly . he pick up he leather jacket and move toward the door where the other p.o.w.s be crowd out . price ( to stosh and Harry who be linger behind ) must you always be the last ? stosh oh , yeah ? you jump in that trenches first and everybody jump on top of you ! harry how do you think I get my hernia ? price push they out . dawdle at the door , close it from inside . he be alone with schulz in the dark barrack . schulz have go over to the chess board , have pick up the black queen , open it . there be no message . price come up to he . schultz nun ? be ist ? haben sie 's herausgefunden ? price ich weiss alle . schultz wie hat er 's gemacht ? price ganz einfach ... streichhoelzer ... und eine Zigarette ... he take a book of match and put a light cigarette in it . price passen sie auf ! the " time bomb " go off , lighting up they face . schultz ach so !... ach so ! there be a broad grin on he face . then he and price move out of the barrack , quickly . as they go out the door -- schultz ( call off , with phony efficiency ) Air raid ! Air raid ! everybody in the trenches ! now the barrack be empty . except for one thing : from behind one of the rear bunk , sefton step out . he put a cigar in he mouth , light it . there be a gleam in he eye . sefton ach so-o-o-o! fade out : end of sequence " E " sequence " F " fade in : int . barracks 4 - ( day ) the phonograph , on the center table , be play : I Love you . about a dozen p.o.w.s be dance with each other , among they , triz , lead Harry , blondie , lead a bearded p.o.w . the whole thing be very elegant , with new guy cut in , politely . one of the p.o.w.s sing into a mike , consist of a stick stick into a knothole in the table with a tin can on top . cookie' voice so it get to be Christmas Day in stalag 17 . as it turn out , it be more like the fourth of July -- with all the firework that be to go off all at once and bust the camp wide open . it sure start off innocently enough , with a party go on in every barrack ... sefton , propped up in he bunk , be watch the proceedings . in back of he , against the window , sit Cookie . sefton 's eye never leave -- price , who be near the phonograph with pirelli and another p.o.w . they be supplying a makeshift jazz accompaniment , play on a washboard , drum on the table and strumm a bass fiddle string attach to a bucket . sefton . there be a look of cynical amusement on he face as he take this in . a p.o.w. tag triz to cut in . Harry hold out he arm . he be ready . but the p.o.w. dance off with triz , leave Harry flat . Harry look over to stosh . stosh lie in he bunk , drink what 's leave of the booze he swipe from the distillery . he be stare at the pin-up of grable paste on the ceiling of he bunk . harry come on , Animal -- let 's trip the light fantastic ! stosh let I alone . harry you be cry , Animal . stosh it 's that song , Harry ! harry ( see the pin - up ) you do not want to cry over a dame that do not even know you be alive ! snap out of it ! stosh there 's a time in every man 's life when he want to be alone ! so go away ! he take another swig and let down the big pin- up so it hang a few inch in front of he eye . Harry turn away from stosh , pick up a pilot cap , turn it inside out so the yellow fur show on top , put it on . he get some straw out of a hole in a mattress and tuck it under the cap like curl . harry all right , boy , who want the Queen of the May ? a p.o.w. drop he partner and dance Harry off . sefton , in he bunk , watch price all the time . sefton any cigar leave , Cookie ? no answer from Cookie . sefton come on , Cookie . get I a cigar . Cookie do not move . sefton what 's the matter ? you on they team now ? you think I be the guy ? cookie I do not know anymore . sefton go to the raid footlocker for a last tatter cigar . sefton I understand how you feel , Cookie . it 's sort of rough -- one american squealing on other Americans . then again , Cookie -- maybe that stoolie 's not a american at all . maybe he 's a german the kraut plant in this barrack . they do this type of thing . just put a agent in with we -- a train specialist . lot of loose information float around a prison camp . not just whether somebody want to escape , but what outfit we be with and where we be station , and how we radar operate . could be , could not it ? cookie in this barrack ? sefton why not ? just one of the boy . share we bunk . eat we chow . right in amongst the one that beat I up . except that he beat hardest . cookie who be it ? sefton that 's not the point , Cookie . the point be what do you do with he ? you tip you mitt and the jerries pull he out of here and plant he someplace else , like stalag sixteen or Fifteen . or you kill he off and the kraut turn around and kill off the whole barrack . every one of we . so what do you do ? cookie who be it ? sefton do not answer . cookie if you do not want to tell I , why do not you tell hoffy ? or Security ? sefton yeah . Security . he just sit there , smoking and look in the direction of -- price at the middle table . bagradian step up to price , who be busy beat out the rhythm . the p.o.w. be no longer sing . bagradian where 's hoffy ? why do not we get any news about dunbar ? price do not worry . he will be all right . bagradian I have to be the ham ! I have to shoot off my mouth ! price forget it . he will be back here . they have get no proof . Harry seat himself on the table , toss he curl . harry ( to the rhythm boy ) sweet and soft , boy . beguile I . stosh in he bunk . he drain the booze from the jar , look out at the room through tear blurred eye . he see : Harry sit on the table , listen to the music . he be in the identical pose Betty grable have strike in the big pin - up photo . stosh 's eye go back to the big pin - up photo . he look back at : Harry . by now it be not Harry who be sit there . it be Betty grable , or rather the pin - up photo superimpose in the same size as Harry . stosh blink he eye . he stare some more . delirious happiness dawns on he face . he climb out of he bunk and walk toward Harry , in a trance . stosh ( to himself ) Betty !... Betty ! he have reach the table , bow politely to Harry . stosh May I have this dance , miss ? harry why , sure ! he climb off the table . stosh put he arm around very elegantly and dance he off . stosh who would have ever think I would be hold you in my arm ? a peculiar expression come over Harry 's face . stosh pinch I , will you ? pinch I so I will know I be not dream . Harry reach up and pinch he heartily on the cheek . stosh thank you , darling ! again , a reaction from Harry as they dance on . stosh sing a few bar of I Love you with the record . his cheek be very close to Harry . he be lose in blissful romance . stosh do anybody ever tell you you have the most beautiful leg in the world ? Harry do a big take . stosh but it 's not just that leg . it 's that nose of yours I be crazy about . that cute little button of a nose ! harry ( the situation begin to seep through ) hey , Animal ! Animal ! stosh ( sweeping on madly ) I have be crazy about you for year . I have see every picture you have ever make six time . I would just sit there and never even open that popcorn bag . harry ( break from he ) Animal ! Animal ! wake up ! he start slapping he face . stosh Betty ! Betty ! harry ( take off he wig ) this be I , Animal ! it 's Harry Shapiro ! stosh stare at he . the truth dawns on he . he start bawling like a child . hoffy hurry in from the compound . he be follow by Duke , marko and the crutch . hoffy cut that music ! cut it ! listen ! all turn . hoffy the s.s. Men be here to pick up dunbar . they be take he to Berlin . look like he 's finish . duke only he be not quite finish yet . blondie -- get that smudge pot . tie it to Steve 's leg . blondie get the can of smoke - powder and , as the scene progress , fasten it in the crutch 's empty pants ' leg . price what be you go to do ? hoffy I want everybody out of here . we will need a lot of commotion on the compound . marko I will get the man from the other barrack . price ( to hoffy ) you do not think you can snatch dunbar ? not from the s.s.? hoffy we be sure go to make a stab at it . you , price and stosh and Harry and blondie -- be at the north latrine . you will all get you post . now everybody start drift out with marko . marko easy , boy , easy . disperse out there nicely and always remember just because the kraut be dumb that do not make they stupid . the man start filing out through both door quietly . hoffy ( to blondie ) ready ? blondie Roger . hoffy ( to price , stosh , Harry and Duke ) okay . move on . the crutch , blondie , Harry and stosh leave . price I do not know what you scheme be , but it sound crazy . hoffy maybe it 's crazy , but it 's better than have dunbar dead . price just as you say , hoffy . but would not it be smarter if I go out and keep schulz tie up ? hoffy good . sefton ( move in ) I would not worry about schulz . I would worry about sefton . remember I ? I be the stoolie . duke you be not go to squeal this one , brother . sefton no ? be not you a little afraid to turn the stoolie loose on that compound ? for a tip -off like this , you know what the kraut would pay ? hoffy you will stay in this barrack and not a peep out of you . sefton okay , then . put a guard on I . I want you to put a guard on I . because if anything go wrong out there , this time you will not have a patsy . right ? hoffy right . sefton so who stay with I ? maybe joey ? no -- not joey . would not you feel safer with Security on the job ? hoffy okay , price . you stay . price what about schulz ? hoffy we will take care of schulz . ( to the other ) come on . they all follow hoffy out , leave price and sefton . they stand for a while look at each other . from off come some weird note on the ocarina . joey sit in he bunk , play on he new sweet potato . sefton that 's the boy , joey . play we a little something . what do you want to hear , price ? Home on the Range ? or maybe a little wagner ? no answer from price . sefton or how about a game of pinochle ? no , you be not a pinochle man . you be a chess player . ( move to chess board ) I have not play since I be a kid . let 's see -- ( maneuver the white piece ) -- a pawn move this way , do not it ? and a bishop this way ? and the queen -- every which way , do not it ? price suppose you just sit down and keep you mouth shut . sefton ( move about ) I go to school with a guy name price . but that be in Boston . you be from Cleveland , be not you . price yes , I be from Cleveland . sefton I think that 's what you say . you be from Cleveland . and you be with the thirty-sixth bomb Group ? price thirty -fifth . sefton Three hundred and sixty -fifth bomb squadron ? out of chelveston ? price be you question I ? sefton just get acquainted . try to make one friend in this barrack . price do not bother , sefton . I do not like you . I never do and I never will . sefton a lot of people say that and the first thing you know be they get marry and live happily ever after . ( go to window ) I wonder what they be try to pull out there ? ext . compound - ( day ) several hundred p.o.w.s be casually strolling about the compound . the camera move toward the administration Building past a s.s. car park on the roadway , with the motor run . a s.s. driver stand at the car door . Harry and stosh stand by the car , inspect it . camera move on past the flagpole , against which lean Duke , and on to the porch of the administration Building : there stand hoffy , read the bulletin board . only he be not read it . from one corner of he eye he be peek through the window into the kommandant 's office . suddenly he react to a movement inside . without turn , he give the signal : he throw one end of he muffler around he neck . Duke , at the flagpole , get it and throw he muffler around he neck , thusly relaying the signal . at the car , Harry follow suit . marko , lean against the north latrine , catch the signal and , still face the compound , rap with he knuckle on the wooden board . int . NORTH latrine - ( day ) the crutch be sit on the wash trough . on hearing the rap , bagradian pull up the crutch 's loose pants ' leg . blondie strike a match and light the fuse on the smudge pot . bagradian pull down the pants ' leg . they help the crutch off the wash trough and he hobble out . ext . compound - ( day ) the crutch be slowly hobbling toward the car , a thin wisp of smoke curling up from he pants ' leg . out of the administration Building emerge two s.s. Men , lead dunbar between they . hoffy , stand at the bulletin board , whistle a few bar of the Air Force song . dunbar turn , see hoffy whistling . hoffy do not look at he , but dunbar sense that something be in the wind . he walk on between the s.s. Men . as he be be lead toward the car , still some thirty foot away , p.o.w.s crowd in to watch he . the crutch , hobbling on from the direction of the latrine , be some twenty foot from the car . Duke straighten up from the flagpole casually , and start saunter toward the car . the latrine . blondie and bagradian have move out of the latrine and stand there with marko , watch the car . Harry and stosh at the car . stosh tightening the belt of he coat , Harry pull the barrack cap tight on he head . the driver of the car open the door . the s.s. Men and dunbar be some eight foot away now . the crutch , hobbling past the car , release a string and the smudge pot drop as he move on . he barely make it . almost instantly , there be a belch of fire and smoke start pour out of the smoke bomb . the wind billow the smoke across the car , rapidly envelop the s.s. Men and dunbar . there be german shout from within the smoke cloud . Duke , Harry , stosh , blondie , bagradian , marko and hoffy move into the smoke from all side . all now be lose in smoke . just silhouettes of man rush about . shout , german command , sound of scuffling . from off a siren start to sound . german guard come run from all corner of the compound into the cloud . in the goon tower , the guard wheel around they machine gun , but do not dare to shoot into the smoke . from the administration Building storm von scherbach , follow by the two lieutenant , schulz and other guard . they dash into the smoke cloud , which start lift . the compound - through the window of barracks 4 the smoke cloud start to clear . at the car , the two s.s. Men and the driver stand with gun in they hand . dunbar be go . the other p.o.w.s stand around innocently . von scherbach be scream he head off , but he word be not hear . camera pull back into barrack 4 , revealing sefton and price at the window . sefton turn from the window , a little smile on he face . sefton ach so ! price what do you say ? sefton amazing , what you can do with five thousand ping - pong ball , be not it ? price be pace . joey start tootle again . price ( to joey ) stop that , will you ! ( to sefton ) that idiot ! so they spring dunbar ! so what good be it ? he 's still in the compound , be not he ? how long can he last ? where can they hide he ? sefton where . up joey 's ocarina . do not you know ? price look at he . dissolve : ext . compound - ( day ) all the p.o.w.s be form into a line that serpentine toward a desk set up on the porch of the administration Building . Light machine gun have be set up around they , the guard watch carefully . behind the desk sit the two german lieutenant , and in back of they stand schulz . every p.o.w. , as he pass , be screen by the lieutenant , then dogtag and face be check against a index of card and photograph on the desk . cookie' voice yeah ? where do we hide he ? nobody know that except hoffy -- not one of we -- and he would not talk . it sure drive the kraut crazy look for dunbar . they herde we all out into the compound and put some extra machine gun on we and give we the old picture check . you know , check we dogtag and we pan ... pirelli , blondie , hoffy and Duke file by . the next in line be price , follow by sefton . as price be be check , he eye meet schulz 's . schulz look at he inquisitively . the only answer on price 's face for a split second be : " I do not know " . but he 's get to watch himself as he be follow by sefton . a barrack : Guards with dog be search under it . another barrack : german guard throw tear gas bomb into it and close the door . the compound . all the p.o.w.s be now line up in long line face the administration Building . von scherbach , stand on the porch flanke by the s.s. Men , he lieutenant and schulz , let go with a tirade . the camera swoops back from he face over the line - up p.o.w.s all the way to the south latrine and up and over the water tank . as it now pan into the water tank , we see dunbar . he be hide in the water tank , up to he knee in icy water . he be weak and draw and he have to hold on not to collapse . cookie' voice ... against they index file . they searched under the barrack . they searched the roof . they even searched the bathroom in the kommandant 's office , but no dunbar . then they try to smoke he out , throw tear gas bomb into every barrack , just in case he be hide up in the rafter . then they make we stand for six hour out there until finally von scherbach come out and give we he ultimatum : if dunbar do not come out by next morning he would raze the whole lous ; compound , stick by stick and if we would sleep in the mud for the rest of we life , that be okay by he . I think he would bust he gut the way he be scream . he just could not figure how a guy could disappear from the compound and still be there , but dunbar be there all right . he sure be there . dissolve : ext . compound - ( night ) from the goon tower light be sweeping over the compound , the dark barrack and the barb wire fence . cookie' voice he be there for half the night , he foot right in the icy water . that 's tough to take , especially when you get three heat pool at home . it take a lot of gut , the kind you would expect from a sergeant -- but a lieutenant --! water tank - above the latrine - ( night ) dunbar , exhaust , be cling desperately to the ladder inside the tank , he foot in the icy water . over the tank sweep the light from a goon tower . ext . barracks 4 - ( night ) the hundefuehrer be lead he dog past the dark barrack . not a sound from within . int . barracks 4 - ( night ) blanket be hang over the window . on the center table burn a margarine lamp . all the man from barrack 4 be gather around the table . all except joey and sefton . in the center of the table be one of the p.o.w.s ' cap . the man , one by one , be drop they dogtag into it . hoffy ( put in he own dogtag ) let 's have it understand man -- this be go to be a rough deal . but we have no choice . one of we must take dunbar out of the camp tonight . right away . we will draw one dogtag and the guy who go with it do the job . it 's go to be rough because the kraut have put on extra guard and they be expect a move like this . so if anyone want to withdraw , he better speak up now . he look around . nobody move . hoffy then we be all in on it ? duke everybody but joey , and you know who . they shoot a look towards sefton . sefton stand lean against he bunk . he look right back at they . back at the table . hoffy okay . ( with irony ) who 's the lucky one ? he shake the dogtag in the cap . everyone crowd around , tensely . harry let I do it , hoffy . stosh you want to go ? harry no . I want to draw . hoffy all right . ( hold out cap ) draw . Harry close he eye , put he hand deep into the cap and pick out a tag . but before anybody can look at it , price close he fist over it . price suppose we call this my tag . I will take he out . the man turn toward price . hoffy no volunteer , price . I say we be all in on it . price you have elect I Security . the way thing have be go in this barrack , I guess I have do a poor job and I want to make up for it . be that ask too much ? sefton , stand against the bunk , take it in with a grim smile . hoffy we have all do a poor job of it . price I still say this be my tag . any objection , hoffy ? hoffy any objection , man ? pirelli not from I . triz he can have it . harry ( to stosh ) who be we to argue with a hero ? duke how about I latching on , price ? hoffy Three 's a crowd , especially if you have get to cut you way through barb wire . ( hand price wire cutter ) here 's the wire cutter . ( to blondie ) be the civilian clothes ready ? blondie ( stuff clothes into duffel bag ) come up . hoffy ( to Harry and stosh ) get go on the trap door . they move to the old trap door and start unscrew it . price go to he bunk , hoffy with he . price start put on he jacket . price what do you say , hoffy . we will hit the air raid trenches and cut out in back of barrack nine . hoffy you would better cut out in back of the south latrine . price why the south latrine ? hoffy because that 's where he be . in the water tank . price take it smoothly . price good spot . with any luck we will make krem by morning , or maybe even catch a barge to linz . sefton , who have be watch closely , toss two pack of cigarettes on the table . sefton two pack of cigarettes say dunbar never get out of the compound . hoffy you start that again ? sefton anybody cover ? they all look at he . stosh ( from the trap door ) somebody step on that crumb ! duke we warn you , sefton ! sefton sure you warn I . you be go to slit the throat of that stoolie . he throw a open jack - knife onto the table . the blade stick . the knife quiver . sefton here 's the knife to do it with . only make sure you get the right throat . duke we be look at it . hoffy ( to Harry and stosh ) hurry up on that trap . ( to sefton ) what be you try to do , sefton ? gum up the work ? sefton that 's right . or would you rather see dunbar lie out there in the mud tomorrow morning like manfredi and Johnson ? hoffy look , sefton , I have my hand full so they would not tear you apart -- sefton I call it the last time , do not I ? price be we go to stand around here and listen to he until the Germans find out where dunbar be ? sefton the Germans know where dunbar be . hoffy how do they know ? sefton you tell they , hoffy . hoffy who do ? sefton you do ! hoffy you off you rocker ? sefton uh-huh . fell right on my head . ( confront price ) sprechen sie deutsch ? price no . I do not sprechen sie deutsch . sefton maybe just one word ? kaput ? because you be kaput , price . price will you get this guy out of my hair so I can go ? sefton go where ? to the kommandant 's office and tell he where dunbar be ? price ( start for he ) I will kill you for that ! sefton shut up ! ( slap he face ) Security Officer , eh? screen everybody , only who screen you ? great american hero . from Cleveland , Ohio ! enlist right after Pearl Harbor ! when be Pearl Harbor , price ? or , do not you know ? price December seventh , forty -one . sefton what time ? price six o'clock . I be have dinner . sefton six o'clock in Berlin . they be have lunch in Cleveland . ( to the other ) be I boring you , boy ? hoffy go on . sefton he 's a Nazi , price be . for all I know , he name be preismaier or preissinger . sure , he live in Cleveland , but when the war break out he come back to the fatherland like a good little bundist . he speak we lingo so they put he through spy school , give he phony dogtag -- price he 's lie ! he 's just try to get himself off the hook ! harry ( jabbing he ) shut up , he say . stosh you hear he . sefton okay , herr preismaier , let 's have the mail box . price the what ? sefton the one you take out of the corner of you bunk and put in this pocket . he snatch a black queen out of price 's coat pocket . sefton now let I show you how they do it . they do it by mail . that 's right . Little love note between we Security Officer and von scherbach with schulz the mail man . ( tie up a loop in the light cord ) here 's the flag . ( open a black queen ) and here 's the mail box . ( grin at price , who be sweat ) cute , be not it ? they deliver the mail or pick it up when we be out of the barrack , like for appell . when there be a special delivery , they would pull a phony air raid to get we out of here , like for instance , last night . ( to price again ) there be not a plane in the sky -- or be there , price ? price dive for the open trap door . he be catch by Duke . he break away and fling himself at the window , tear down the blanket . price ( scream ) hilfe ! he never get the whole word out . stosh and Harry jump he , stosh clamping he hand over he mouth . they throw he to the floor and all duck as the light from the goon tower swoops through the barrack . ext . compound - ( night ) the hundefuehrer , lead the dog past barrack nine . the dog sense something , and bark . the hundefuehrer look around . the dog calm down and the hundefuehrer go on . int . barracks 4 - ( night ) everybody be petrify . the bark die down . blondie and triz hang the blanket again . hoffy ( indicate price ) gag he . two p.o.w.s move in and take over . Duke move up to sefton . duke brother , be we all wet about you ! sefton ( put a cigar butt into he mouth ) forget it . he strike a match on Duke 's stubble cheek and light the cigar . it do not hurt Duke a bit . he just stand there with a broad grin . hoffy ( indicate price ) what be we go to do with he ? sefton do not you know ? because I get my own idea . ( to blondie ) let 's have that civilian stuff . blondie give he the barrack bag . sefton open it , take out a tyrolean hat , put it on . it be too small . sefton I will look pretty stupid in this , yodell my way over that alp . now let 's have the wire cutter . pirelli take they out of price 's belt and give they to he . hoffy you take dunbar ? sefton you betcha . there ought to be some reward money from mama . say ten thousand buck worth . he start put on he jacket and he cap , the eye of every p.o.w. in the barrack on he . sefton I tell you boy I be no escape artist , but for the first time , I like the odd . because now I get I a decoy . hoffy what 's the decoy ? sefton price . when I go I want you to give I five minute . exactly five minute to get dunbar out of that water tank . then you throw price out into the compound , nice and loud . he will draw every light from every goon tower . it 's we only chance to cut through . what do you say , barrack ' Chief ? hoffy shoot ! price squirm . duke what 's the matter , price ? you say you be go to save dunbar , do not you ? so now , you be get you chance . sefton have pick up the barrack bag and the wire cutter and move toward the trap door . sefton so long , Cookie . the department store be all yours . what 's leave of it . cookie so long , sefton . stosh you be not dispose of that Russian broad ? sefton tell you what to do . first , get yourself a hundred cigarettes for the kraut guard . then get yourself another face . Harry laugh . sefton you could use a new one yourself . hoffy let 's synchronize the watch . eleven forty - two , sharp . sefton ( adjust he ) check . he climb down into the open trap . all the man crowd around to say goodbye . sefton one more word . if I ever run into any of you bum on a street corner , just let 's pretend we never meet before . understand ? he take the cigar butt out of he mouth , put it into Duke 's half - open mouth -- and go . there be a moment of silence . hoffy this barrack will never be the same . underneath barrack 4 - ( night ) sefton be crawl cautiously in the direction of the latrine . behind he , the trap door be be fitte into the floor again . ext . compound - ( night ) sefton have crawle to the edge of the barrack , wait for a light to swoop by . then he dash into the latrine just in time to evade another searchlight from a goon tower . int . latrine - ( night ) sefton recover he breath , listen for a second , then climb up on the wash trough . he rap on the bottom of the water tank . int . water tank - ( night ) dunbar , utterly exhaust , be cling to the ladder , he leg submerge in the icy water . he hear the signal . there be a flicker in he eye . he hear another signal . with he last strength , he climb the ladder , wait for a light to swoop by , then work himself over the top . int . latrine - ( night ) sefton have climb on a beam above the wash trough . dunbar 's leg come down , drip wet . sefton get hold of they , then as dunbar let go above , he take he full weight and lower he to the wash trough . dunbar lie there , gasp . sefton shut off the moan , or we will have the dog on we . shut it off , Lieutenant . this be order ! dunbar my leg be freeze . sefton ( rub he leg down ) you would better get that blue blood circulate , because we be busting out of this stink - hole in exactly -- ( look at watch ) -- one minute and twenty second . dunbar ( look up ) sefton ! sefton what do you expect , a St. Bernard dog ? dunbar not you . sefton what some brandy ? dunbar yeah . sefton who do not ! suppose we wait until we hit the waldorf astoria . dunbar it 's on I . sefton you will not get off that cheap . dunbar what be the chance busting out of here ? sefton ( look at he watch ) we will know in forty second . ( then with a grin ) only in a democracy can a poor guy get he keister shot off with a rich guy . int . barracks 4 - ( night ) hoffy stand look at he watch . blondie be crossing with the breadknife in he hand towards the door . stosh and Duke hold the gag price down on the bunk . Harry have strung together some five old can . harry ( to the bearded p.o.w. ) hold he leg . the p.o.w. sit on price 's leg . Harry start tie the tin can to he ankle . harry ( to price ) just in case you kamerade be hard of hearing . hoffy Fifteen second . get he up . stosh and Duke pull price up off the bunk and move he to the door . he struggle and squirm . stosh stop shaking , price . there will be no pardon from no governor . duke ( to price ) funny , be not it ? in you own vaterland -- by you own soldaten ! ( to stosh ) the kid 's get no sense of humor . hoffy what 's the matter with you , Security ? you be always so calm . especially when you let manfredi and Johnson go out there . ( to blondie ) open the hatch . blondie have insert the breadknife in the crack of the door . he now whip up the knife with a sharp movement . ext . barracks 4 - ( night ) the bar across the door swivel up . the door be flung open from inside . Duke and stosh hold price . hoffy tear the gag off he mouth . hoffy let 'er go ! Duke and stosh have lift price with all they might , and give he a terrific heave . as price come fly out into the compound , the tin can clatter , the door be slam shut . a light from a goon tower swing sharply to price and hold he in its beam . a burst of machine gun fire splatter around he . he scramble to he foot , scream . price schiesst nicht ! schiesst nicht ! ich bin ein deutscher ! his word be drown out by more machine gun fire . he try to run back towards he barrack , but be cut off by another beam and more machine gun fire from another goon tower . he run madly into the dark compound , the tin can clatter behind he -- light from all the goon tower search for he . int . latrine - ( night ) sefton and dunbar stand at the door of the latrine , searchlight swinging in arc toward the compound . sefton hold the wire - cutter in he hand . there be the clatter of the tin can and machine gun fire , and price 's desperate scream , " nicht schiessen ! nicht schiessen ! " . sefton now ! they duck out . ext . compound - ( night ) sefton and dunbar dash across the short stretch to the barb wire . they fall on they face at the wire and sefton start cut . price . a machine gun bullet have strike he in the shoulder . he desperately try to evade the relentless light beam . he manage to tear off the tin can , run on towards the administration Building . a couple of more bullet hit he . he fall face down into the mud . all the light converge on he and the machine gun sputter away . barbed wire - ( night ) sefton be just cut through the outer fence . in back of he , dunbar patch the cut wire of the inner fence . Beyond they , all the light play on the body of price . the machine gun be no longer shoot , but there be whistle and a siren . the bark dog tear into price 's body . sefton and dunbar crawl through the outer wire and pause to patch it up hastily . sefton let 's blow , chauncey . dunbar let 's ! they get to they foot and scramble off into the forest . ext . compound - ( night ) von scherbach come stride out of the administration Building follow by a Lieutenant , the two s.s. Men and schulz . he wade cockily through the mud with he beautiful boot towards the body on the ground . the hundefueher call off he dog . the other guard step back . with he boot , von scherbach flip the body over . the light from the goon tower play on the muddy face of price . they all stand there stunne . int . barracks 4 - ( night ) the lamp be be put out ; the blanket be pull down by the p.o.w.s. hoffy all right , man . everybody back in they bunk like nothing happen . they climb into they bunk . all be still . duke ( puffing sefton 's cigar ) what do you know ? the crud do it . harry I would like to know what make he do it . stosh maybe he just want to steal we wire cutter . ever think of that ? Cookie , in he bunk , a broad smile on he face , start whistling softly : when johnny come march Home . Beyond he lie all the p.o.w.s in the barrack , they heart beat , they eye wide open . ext . forest - ( night ) sefton and dunbar climb swiftly up a hill through the tree . dunbar 's arm be over sefton 's shoulder as they march . over this , Cookie 's whistling of johnny come march Home -- gradually augment by drum and then a orchestra . sefton and dunbar march on , in time to the music . superimposed beyond they appear the other p.o.w.s from stalag 17 , they spirit march with they through the forest . Way in front , stosh in he underwear , wave a makeshift flag . then come Harry . then Cookie . then triz and blondie . then joey , play he ocarina in tune with the march , a smile on he face . and marko and the crutch . then hoffy and Duke , and all the other we have grow to know . all wave they pathetic flag : towel , blanket and tear shirt . all march to freedom and home , march with sefton and dunbar . as the music swell to a crescendo -- fade out : the end