" Stan and Ollie ' a screenplay by Jeff Pope Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 1 black . under this this we hear a conversation . hardy ( v.o. ) «.. so madelyn turn up . laurel ( v.o. ) madelyn turn up ? hardy ( v.o. ) completely out of the blue . have not see she in fifteen year ... int . dressing room / roach lot / studio - day 1 Oliver hardy lean against the door to a dress room , worried expression , talk to he friend Stan laurel . both be in they late - 40s , ( at the peak of they movie career ) , but to begin with we have no real clue as to who they be , where they be or what they do . they be just two guy in cheap suit talk to each other . hardy light up a cigarette as he talk . hardy there she be , all gussie up on the front door step . and that 's something I never think I have see again . laurel pick up a boot ( the right one ) with a large hole in the sole . use a knife he lever off the heel . laurel what have she want ? hardy twenty thousand buck . laurel twenty thousand ? hardy Fifteen year of back alimony . I say ' what alimony ? when we break up I give you whatever money I have and you take the car . 's we both agree that be that . laurel jeez even mae be not after that much - and she want I to pay for a chauffeur . it 's because we face be plaster all over town . probably some lawyer 's bright idea . laurel lever off the other heel . kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04 . 17 1a hardy well in any case I have not get it . ** myrtle clean I out when we split . as he pull the boot on laurel consider this but do not reply . hardy pick up he bowler hat , then laurel pick up he and they leave the dress room ( without put they on ) . in a continuous shot we follow they out to ... a studio corridor . Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 as they continue on they journey laurel finish fasten a fray cuff with a paper clip for a cuff-link . laurel you be down to Tijuana ? hardy what make you say that ? laurel we have a few day off . hardy I do have a little run down there with mysterious Montague yes , try to win some back . not ... entirely successfully . which remind I . would you do I favour , do not talk money with hal today . laurel Charlie , buster , harold - they get ten time what he pay we . they pass through a door and emerge into the bright California sunshine , now make they way along a alleyway between building on the roach lot . caption culver City California , 1937 hardy well they own they own picture . laurel exactly . and that 's what we be gonna do . as they pass a couple of scene hand move part of set along on a trolley - start to give we a sense business they be in . scene hand hey boy how 's it goin 's ! a Roman of the the first scene hand move he hair up into a mad quiff - Laurel -style . the second fiddle with he tie , just like hardy . laurel and hardy smile and wave back politely . hardy we be just go shark fishing - Mr. Laurel do not know it yet but he 's the bait . kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 2a laurel screw he face up into the start of a ' cry 's ; the scene hand laugh and they continue on they way . as the boy turn a corner we see , in the background , the ranch - fronted main building to hal roach 's culver City studio , pure old Hollywood . still , the conversation continue : hardy how we gonna do that ? we be under contract , we can not just change the term . laurel we stick together , renegotiate with hal and get a slice of the pie . or we walk and we set up on we own . hardy oh I do not know Stan . I have love to own we picture but it 's just not a good time for this . I have a lot go on , my overhead be kill I . kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 2b come towards they be a sweaty , worried - look young man , burgess , early 20 - a studio runner . hardy ( cont would ) ah burgess , just the man . take this to we friend , put it on bold venture , fourth race at Santa anita . on the nose . hardy give burgess and envelope and some extra money . hardy this be for you . a pretty chorus girl walk by . chorus girl hi Babe ! she wave . hardy twiddle he tie , flutter he eye then turn back to burgess . hardy do it now , it start soon . kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 3 burgess okay . thank you Mr. hardy , Mr. Laurel . he hurry off in the opposite direction as they continue . laurel listen Babe we will be alright . just lay off the horse and do not get marry again . hardy oh that remind I . I propose to Lucille . laurel script -y Lucille ? hardy yeah . laurel damn ! that 's great news Babe . Laurel hug hardy . laurel I be never marrying again . I be just gonna find a woman I do not like and buy she a house . hardy that 's a good one . but listen , it 's not a good time for I to fool around with my income . please do not antagonize hal , I do not like to talk business . not when we be work . laurel alright , I promise I will be nice as pie ... so long as he do not show up . hardy hey I be charter a sail boat on Saturday to catalina . you want to come ? laurel I do not think so . I gotta figure out the gag for the bar routine for Monday . hardy gonna be a lot of lady there . kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 3a laurel oh yeah . hardy myrnaloy will be on board . laurel really ? alright , maybe I x11 come . Men in Roman costume walk past Laurel and hardy . hardy what be all this Roman do here ? laurel maybe there 's a sale on at the Forum . hardy always work . the boy enter Studio two where a busy set be be prepare for they latest movie , a western . the hum of activity , the light , the camera , a huge back projection screen erect -— all add to the mount sense of anticipation . just for a moment , they be backlit against the studio light , two familiar silhouettes - the thin guy and the fat guy - as they make they way onto set . kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 4 as they walk on set hardy see lucille , late 20 , the script supervisor , sit by the camera , clipboard on she knee . director James horne , 5as , call over to she : horne Lucille you get my side over there ? she hold up the director 's well - thumbed script and he wander over to she . hardy catch she eye and give she a secret smile , then kiss the tip of he finger and blow they to she . she smile back , shyly . hardy turn to laurel : hardy hey Stan . why do not we hold off on leave right now and just push he for a raise ? kk kk actor James finlayson , 50 , bald head , big whiskery moustache , walk past they on he way out of the studio have overhear the end of they conversation . hardy greet he : hardy ( cont would ) hey jimmie . finlayson give you a raise ? he have rather lower Hollywood . and that 's a Scotsman talk . with familiar grumpy face and big eye , he bustles off . finlayson ( cont would ) ah be goin’ for a smoke . laurel see studio boss hal roach , 40s , a bullish native of New Jersey , head straight for they with a red , angry face . roach ( to laurel ) that 's it Stan , we be through . laurel good morning hal . roach I be pullin’ a moral clause on ya . a couple of make - up girl - try desperately to concentrate on they job - start to touch up laurel and hardy . one pull hardy 's hair , which be parte at the side , down into a fringe . the other apply pancake - white make up to laurel . in close up we see some bruise and discoloration around laurel be upper lip , which be swiftly cover up . Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 roach ( cont would ) ( to hardy ) another fight at he place last night , one of the neighbour see ruthie sock he in the mouth so they call the cop . laurel turn to hardy , embarrassed : laurel she find out bout Vera . roach cost I five hundred buck to keep it out the papers - and that 's comin’ out of you paycheck . you sign a contract : ' second party agree not to shock , insult or offend the community , or prejudice hal roach studio 's . laurel that 's the last thing I would want to do , not when you have so much prejudice already . how 's you old buddy mussolini , the one you be gonna go into business with before he start bombing all that poor people in Africa ? kk see roach , fume . Laurel 's make - up girl now arrange he ( un - style ) hair into a spiky quiff ; hardy 's start to apply the pancake white make - up to he . roach all he want to do be fight . how many time you be marry Stan ? laurel my personal life be my own business - that 's one thing you do not hold the rights to . hardy why can not we all be friend here ? roach Friends ? when be I and he ever friend ? laurel finally something we agree on ! kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 6 roach what be it you be still lookin’ for ? laurel and hardy stand on mark in the middle of the set : a ** exterior of a saloon with a patch of ground prepare in front of they , and that huge back projection screen behind . laurel ( needled ) I be look for a fair price for a Laurel and hardy picture and you know it . roach money . his favourite subject . laurel oh right , you do not like money hal . you be in it for the laugh . that 's why we picture sell all over the world and we have not get a dime . kk kk kk kk see hardy , think about protest this but , actually , know it 's true . roach because you keep gettin’ divorced ! laurel no . because you be a cheapskate who get rich off we back ! kk hardy Stan please - laurel a cheapskate , a skinflint , and a ... a... parvenu ! he nod , satisfied that he 's land a blow . but roach - and hardy - clearly do not know what a ' parvenu 's be . hardy a parvenu ? laurel ( to hardy ) my contract 's up and he think because you have still get another ten month on yours I can not go anywhere and I ’1ll have to take what he 's offer . roach ** ( suspicious ) ** wait . what 's a parvenu ? ** Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 6a laurel it 's someone who 's come from nowhere and make a load of money but have no class . look it up in the dictionary hal , there 's a picture of you . roach you be such a smart ass . well guess what , I be smarter . laurel ( back to roach , refer to hardy ) have he tell you yet ? we be set up on we own . hardy look surprised . kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 7 final touch - Laurel 's make - up girl give he dark eye ** liner ; hardy 's blacken he moustache . hardy hal , it might be better if you could see you way to a modest raise . kk kk but roach ignore he and address he response to laurel : roach what happen to Babe when you go off and make movie for somebody else ? like you say , he 's still under contract to I . and I be not releasin 's he . a wrangler hand the rein of a mule to hardy . laurel you can not have hardy without Laurel . roach we will see about that . director horne be ready to shoot . he try to interject : horne hal could you maybe continue this some other time ? unless you wanna pay for a extra day ? roach be aware all eye be on he . roach go ahead - shoot ! ( horne look at he ) go ahead ! horne ( turn to laurel ) okay , we be on a wide two - shot here Stan , like you want , and then - roach what be you check with he for - you be the director ! the crew , cowboy extras and a four piece harmony group the ' avalon boy 's , dress in cowboy outfit and arrange in readiness on a verandah outside the saloon , watch in stunne silence . hardy give lucille a small , helpless shrug . Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 8 roach ( as he storm off ) next person you will hear from be my lawyer ! roach storm out the studio . hardy well that go well ... laurel so who else be go to be on the boat ? hardy Clark gable I think . laurel no ... woman . hardy carole lombard . I think she 's friend with myrnaloy . laurel ok . I be gonna come . horne okay show 's over . let 's roll camera . this have no impact , everybody just look at he , dumbstruck . horne ( cont would ) I say roll camera ! as the crew now prepare for a shot , hardy look at laurel : they have to be funny now ? horne ( cont would ) ready boy ? a beat , then the boy exchange a nod and pull on they bowler . they be ready . horne see this and know they be ready for a take . he touch the arm of the clapper / loader , who mark the take : kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision clapper / loader 20.04.17 9 Way out West , scene twelve , take one . horne back projection ! laurel remember . after the curtsey , knee down , turn and shake . hardy get it . the screen behind the boy flicker create the illusion of a bustling horne okay , aaaand action ! now the set come to life too , with street to and for ... and the avalon ' at the Ball , that 's all 's ... avalon boy into life , wondrously western main street . cowboys crossing the boy strike up a song - commence advancin ' , commence advancin ' just start a prancin ' , right and leave a-glancin ' a moochee dancin ' , slide and glide entrancin ' you do the tango jiggle with a Texas Tommy wiggle and so with all the element now in place , all that remain be for Stan and Ollie - that two guy complain about ex - wife and paycheck - to now become the movie star ' Laurel & hardy 's , the best love comedy duo in the world . the transition be apparently effortless ; to begin with , smile on they face , laurel and hardy ( in character ) take a few step into shot , have just arrive in town . hardy tether the mule to a post and turn to enjoy watch the boy sing . avalon boy ( cont no ) take you partner and you hold she tightly enfold she a little bolder just work you shoulder snap you finger one and all in the hall , at the ball that 's all - some ball kk kk kk kk kk kk Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 10 they start to nod they head and tap they toe , let the music take they . director horne watch , tense , excited . the ' avalon boy 's repeat the first verse , add deep harmony and yodel , and laurel and hardy now start to perform a apparently impromptu dance routine in time with the song . Building slowly , it be all light step , twirl and synchronize movement . the watch crew get catch up in it ; lucille seem entrance . even finlayson have come back to watch , lean against a wall , moustache twinkle . laurel and hardy come together and hold each other like ballroom dancer , clasp each other close and march up and down stage . under this we hear sfx laughter ... int . picture house , new york - night 2 a huge New York audience be pack into a magnificent art- Deco theatre watch ' Way out West 's . as laurel and hardy continue the dance on screen the audience howl , row and row of face full of laughter . CUT to : we follow the dance on screen , ( full screen ) , the extraordinary grace and daintiness of hardy and the slapstick of laurel . but above all they seem to project such a deep dependency and affection for each other , as if nobody else in they world exist . they come together again , laurel hold hardy 's hand and he twirl , then they swap and laurel twirl . they skip jauntily up ... down ... and then back up the step to the saloon and , with one final kick , enter through swinging door . the audience in the theatre break into thunderous , applause . we feel as if we have witness magic . CUT to : black . silence . then , under this , we fade up sfx of a express train rattling along . sound gradually increase until we ... cut to : int . train - day 3 close up : laurel and hardy sit together on a train , sway gently with the motion of the carriage as they speed through the English countryside . sixteen year have pass since we last see they , and it 's a shock to suddenly see they so old and tired , neither seemingly in the best of health . laurel be much more skinny , whilst hardy be heavier than ever - now nearly three hundred pound . caption England , 1953 hardy 's mind be pleasantly blank . laurel , ever-industrious , read a script , mark it with he pen . finally , laurel turn to hardy : Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 11 laurel how about if I punch you right on the nose ? I have not do that ina long time . hardy think about this for a few moment . hardy can I poke you in the eye ? laurel ( nodding ) or maybe you could punch I in the throat ? hardy ( after due consideration ) I think I have prefer the eye . laurel ( offer this up ) I can do the tongue if you punch I in the throat ? laurel mime a chop to he throat , stick he tongue out at the moment of impact ( as if cause by it ) . hardy laugh - laurel can always make he laugh . ext . countryside - dusk 4 as the shadow lengthen they steam train thunder north through a barren , wintry English countryside . from inside : hardy ( v.o. ) you know , I be not so sure of my balance any more Stan . int . train - dusk 5 laurel be look at the countryside go by . laurel that 's okay , we can just finish with a song instead of the dance . hardy I be not talk about the stage show - I mean the scene in this movie , where I cross the river . laurel but it 's historical - Robin Hood have this fight in the middle of a log . we have to do it . hardy massage he right knee , obviously in some discomfort . he try straighten the leg - wince as he do so . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 12 hardy well , all I can do be give it my best shot ... laurel be there anything they can give you for that ? hardy they put I on this blue tablet . I be on the red one but Lucille tell the doctor they be not do any good - laurel - so he put you on the blue one . hardy ( overlap ) - blue one . they both nod in agreement . laurel I will talk to this producer , miffin - I be sure he can cut round you when we shoot it . hardy now look out of the window for a few moment , take in the view . laurel start scribbling again in he notebook . hardy maybe I ’1l1 punch you in the throat . ext . guest house , newcastle - night 6 to establish a small , shabby guest house in the shadow of the smog-shrouded tyne Bridge . the street be desert as a taxi pull up outside and laurel and hardy get out . hardy look at the guest house then turn to laurel , he expression betray he thought . ' be this it ? 's theatre impresario Bernard delfont , dapper , 40s - the boy 's tour promoter - emerge from the guest house arm outstretch : delfont stanley ! Oliver ! welcome to England - welcome to newcastle ! he hurry up to the boy and shake they hand warmly . delfont ( cont would ) it 's so wonderful to see you . how be the journey ? hardy it sure take it out of you , that train ride up here . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 13 delfont ( not listen ) good good . delfont signal to he driver , wait in a side street ina black roll royce . laurel it 's swell of you to come up here to meet we Mr. delfont . delfont bernie , please . this be a partnership gentleman , I want to do everything I possibly can to make sure this tour start off on the right foot . hardy yes we want to talk to you about that over dinner - we be just a little concerned that some of the show date might clash - delfont ah so sorry - hardy - with the Robin Hood picture we be gonna be do ? the roll royce be now alongside delfont , he open the door and get in . delfont ( cont would ) - such wretch bad luck but I have promise to drop in on one of my other act tonight - norman wisdom ? a blaze new talent - huge fan of yours . delfont shut the door , lean out through the window : delfont ( cont would ) and we must nurture the next generation gentleman , I know you both feel as passionately about that as I do . we will talk anon ! delfont wave as he be whisk away in he roll royce . laurel and hardy look on , nonpluss . laurel pull a beret from he pocket and put it on . hardy look at he , puzzle . Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 14 hardy where do you get that ? laurel from a shop . it 's handy ' cos you can fold it away in you pocket . he demonstrate take it off , fold it up and put it in he pocket , then pull it out and put it on again - spread he hand in a ' what do you think of that 's gesture . hardy ( somehow irritate by this ) we be here to make a movie - delfont know that do not he Stan ? the tour be just something we do while - ( overlap ) - we be wait to get start . laurel ( overlap ) - wait to get start . ( continue do not worry . ss ) we lawyer spell it out and it be all agree up - front , one hundred and ten per cent . hardy ( thinks about it ) the extra ten be strangely comforting . during this the taxi driver have pull all they luggage from the car - a very large trunk ( hardy 's ) , another case ( Laurel 's ) , a small valise each and a set of hardy 's golf club - and drive off leave they alone on the pavement with they luggage , nobody come out to help they . abandon . a look between they . int . guest house , newcastle - night 7 a female receptionist , mid-30s , watch as the front door open , allow in smog laurel and hardy , hardy whilst laurel struggle the golf club over he it 's a pre-arranged bit and show how they love from outside . through this enter carry just the small valise , with the big trunk and other case , shoulder ( as if he 's hardy 's lackey ) . of business they like to do in hotel to ' perform 's , no matter how small the audience ( in this case just one person - the receptionist ) . hardy pompously place he valise on the desk ; laurel heave the other luggage behind he and - give the receptionist a smile - press the bell for attention . hardy look at he , ‘irritated 's . when laurel ring it again he slap he hand . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 15 laurel slap back hardy 's hand , they squabble , hardy give laurel a push , laurel give hardy a push back and he nearly fall over the trunk which laurel have leave behind he . he kick it away angrily . laurel ring the bell again and now hardy pull the bell away . laurel look at he , blankly ' confuse 's . hardy sigh , gesture to the receptionist . hardy now can not you see with you own two eye this nice lady stand here ? there 's no need to ring that bell , be there . laurel look at he , look at the receptionist . he shake he head , guiltily , start to ' cry '. hardy turn back to the receptionist , who be spellbound at this ' show 's just for she . hardy ( cont would ) please excuse my friend , now can somebody show we to we room ? you should be expect we - I be Mr. hardy , and this be my very dear friend Mr. Laurel . the receptionist be about to burst . receptionist you just wait ' till I tell I mam it 's you ! we never get anybody famous stayin’ here - to be honest I think you would retire ! hardy take the pen from it 's holder and with a extravagant flourish sign in to the register . hardy no no , we may be get old but we be not do yet . laurel you know , I be so old now I walk into a antique shop the other day and they buy I . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 16 the receptionist laugh . hardy he 's exaggerate , of course . but we have come a long way since we first job , sell hot dog at custer 's last stand . receptionist all I family love you film - where be yous gonna be appearin’ then - the theatre Royal ? hardy no it 's ... he 's forget the name - laurel answer for he : laurel the Queen 's Hall . receptionist ( surprise ) Queen 's Hall ? that can not be right . all the big star play at the theatre Royal . that 's where you 's 1ll be play . hardy I be sure you be right . ( to Laurel ) it be the theatre Royal ? laurel no , it 's the Queen 's Hall . a few moment of uncomfortable silence . receptionist ( cont would ) well never mind , here 's you room key . she hand laurel and hardy they key . hardy thank you . ( look round expectantly ) be there a Bell Boy please ? int . corridor , guest house , newcastle - night 8 there be no Bell boy . laurel and hardy struggle along a corridor to they room , hardy - now with the golf club over he shoulder - drag he heavy trunk behind he . laurel stop by he door and , as he unlock it , turn to hardy who be in the room opposite . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 16a laurel my room in ten minute ? hardy look at he , aghast . he still want to work tonight ? laurel ( cont would ) I think we could run some line ? hardy ( barely conceal sarcasm ) sure . why not . 10 11 12 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 17 hardy open the door to he room and enter . int . hardy 's bedroom , newcastle guest house - night 9 hardy struggle in with he luggage . he turn the light on and survey the room : shabby and uninvite , a tatty , candlewick bedspread on the bed . he go to haul the trunk up onto he bed , but it pop open and a huge cache of tin food - ham , peach , potato , corn beef , which be on top of he clothes - tumble out and roll all over the floor . hardy sigh heavily . hardy oh death where be thy sting ? ext . guest house , newcastle - night 10 yellow light spill from a curtain , upper storey window . over this we hear , sfx the clack clack of a typewriter . int . laurel 's room , newcastle guest house - night 11 a meagre coal fire glow in the grate as laurel , puffing on a cigarette , tap at a batter portable typewriter by the light of a table lamp . a pot of tea and a plate of dog ear sandwich have be set out on a coffee table . he pause , pull the type page from the typewriter and read it back . int . joe schenck 's office - day [ flashback ] 12 a close up of a contract , the logo of ' twentieth century Fox 's at the top of the page . it 's 1938 and we reveal laurel on a chair , a empty one next to he , flick through the contract . he be in the luxurious office of executive Joe schenck , late 5as . surrounded by wood panell , leather , and portrait of star of the day - sonja henje , Betty grable , Spencer tracey , tyrone power -— laurel feel uncomfortable , out of place . the man next to he be obviously he lawyer ( round glass , 40s , curly hair slicked back ) and laurel hand he the contract . laurel be acutely aware that he be keep schenck wait ; he catch he look at he watch and try a smile which be not return . schenck you sure he want to do this Stan ? I mean , Fox would love to have you here , but ... laurel this be what we have both be wait for Joe . I can not imagine what 's hold he up . lawyer why do not stanley sign , then all we have to do be have Oliver sign when he get here . 13 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 18 laurel ( take out he pen ) that 's a good idea , be not it Joe ? schenck - who be quickly lose patience - do not respond . the lawyer hand laurel the contract back and laurel hand he the pen . laurel realise he need the pen and take it back from the lawyer , give he the contract at the same time . be it genuine confusion , or a little bit of business ? laurel take pen and contract back from he lawyer and sign next to he name , leave hardy 's blank . he look up , try another smile with schenck - again , not return . we hear hardy 's voice under this : hardy ( v.o. ) I wish I be there with you ... int . front desk , newcastle guest house - night 13 back to 1953 . hardy be use the hotel telephone to make a transatlantic call to he wife : hardy ( dreamily ) «+. sit out the back , watch the sun go down . lucille ( v.o. ) what 's the hotel like ? hardy it 's like a castle , set in the countryside , beautiful grounds ... ( warming to it ) «+. which go down to a lake , with a little stone bridge over it . the receptionist return to the desk from a back office . hardy , a little embarrassed , give she a polite smile . lucille ( v.o. ) be you get enough to eat ? hardy the staff lay out little sweetmeat and pastry wherever we turn . everyone 's so happy to see we touring again we be be treat like king . lucille ( v.o. ) ida and I receive we ticket today so we be just as excited as can be . hardy I be too , and this ... 14 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 19 he see the night porter be watch he so turn away - hardy ( cont would ) - be for you , with all my love - -kiss he finger tip and blow the kiss down the phone . lucille ( v.o. ) I love you too Oliver , you know I do . ( beat , slight edge in she voice ) so ... how be thing with stanley ? hardy oh ... you know Stan . lucille how have he be towards you ? on hardy , thoughtful for a moment . int . SOUND stage - day [ flashback ] 14 hardy , serious expression , walk on set wear a dark suit but carry a unfamiliar top hat . hal roach Babe ! where have you be ? you have I worried for a minute there ... he give a ( plainly uncomfortable ) hardy a bear hug . hal roach ( cont would ) what the hell , you be here now . you be both here . he gesture and hardy look across to someone with he back to we , also wear a dark suit and top hat , be give a last check over by a make - up lady . from he build we assume it must be Laurel . hardy take position next to a elephant with a hot water bottle bandage to its head . the set be a wooden barn scattered with bale of hay , and he 's play a vet treat a sick circus elephant . as he sit on a stool lucille , carry a clip board , stop by to reassure he : lucille Mr. hardy , everything alright ? hardy you know , first day of school Mrs. hardy . I be glad you be here . do you think it 's go to be ok ? lucille it 's just a movie Babe . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 20 she squeeze he hand then carry on to she position ( as script supervisor ) next to the director gordon douglas , who be young than horne and less assure in he manner . a wrangler hand hardy a mallet and give he some last minute instruction - though hardy look totally preoccupy : wrangler ( pat the elephant ) when you touch she knee with the mallet , she will lift she leg like you be check she reflex . roach call over : roach you wanna go for one you two ? hardy look over again to ' laurel 's , and now , as he turn , we see that he 's ... not Laurel . it be in fact harry langdon , a Laurel look - alike , who be play the elephant 's owner . langdon be of similar build to Laurel and wear the same pancake white make up . langdon ready when you be Babe . we now see that this be roach 's attempt at a new partnership - just with different hat . langdon come over and stand next to hardy . he put he hand lightly on hardy 's shoulder ( and he involuntarily stiffen at the touch ) . as he look around hardy become aware that various crew member , who have work on Laurel & hardy film , be avoid eye contact with he as they go about they work . roach this be great , you and Harry be gonna be just great together . hardy look at langdon , who spread he hand and give he a blank smile , exactly as Laurel would . hardy return a polite smile , but we can see he 's uncomfortable - that he can not escape the feel he 's betray Stan . he look to lucille , who try to encourage he with a smile . 15 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 21 douglas okay let 's roll camera ... he get the response ' Rolling 's from sound and camera . on hardy , suppress a sink feel : douglas ( cont would ) aaand - action ! roach , over -excite , shout out simultaneously : roach action ! int . laurel 's room , newcastle guest house - night 15 a close door . sfx knocking from outside . laurel , who have be frown in concentration , look up : laurel just a minute ! he quickly stub he cigarette out and waft away the smoke , hide the ashtray in the bin , then unlock the door to hardy , who sniff theatrically , look at laurel suspiciously . hardy do you realise what you have do ? a beat , then laurel - go along with it for fun - nod miserably . hardy enter and turn to laurel : hardy ( cont would ) well , come on - out with they . laurel take a packet of chesterfield cigarettes from he inside pocket and hardy snatch it off he . he take one , then offer the pack to laurel who also take one . hardy produce a lighter and they both light up and take deep puff , hardy put the pack back in he pocket . hardy ( cont would ) now be not that better ? share ? laurel nod , big smile on he face . hardy ( cont would ) and here 's something else we be not suppose to have . he produce a half bottle of scotch from inside he jacket . laurel rustle up a couple of cup and hardy pour they each a large measure . hardy ( cont would ) for medicinal purpose ... they clink cup together and the ' skit’ end . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 22 hardy ( cont would ) I be get a sink feel about this place . do you see she face when we tell she what theatre we be play ? laurel it will be fine , Queen 's Hall be a good theatre . hardy well we gotta make sure we be in nicer hotel when the girl arrive . laurel I ' 1l get onto it . hardy cross to the window to peer out into the murky night with a shiver . hardy you hear from muffin ? laurel start to correct he script by hand . laurel miffin . hardy miffin . be that really he name ? have he give you we shoot date yet ? laurel I be waitin’ on a call . hardy let the curtain drop and sit down in one of two easy chair by the fireside - he leg cause he some pain as he lower himself . he pick up he cup of scotch , take a sip . laurel ( cont would ) what do you think about this for a title : ' Rob ' em good 's . you know , playin’ off ' Robin Hood 's ? there be a picture use that in the 20 but nobody would remember by now . during this hardy take a sandwich from the plate on the coffee table , peel back the top and look suspiciously at the fill smear inside , wrinkling he nose as he sniff . hardy what be this stuff ? laurel take one , bite into it . laurel Fish paste . it 's the war ration . Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 23 hardy still ? ( laurel shrug ) explain why they look at I like I be nut when I ask for a egg sandwich . hardy look at laurel , already make correction to the page he 's just type with he pen as he flick through he work . hardy ( cont would ) ' Rob ' em good 's . I like that Stan . hardy take another sip of he scotch . laurel I be workin’ on this scene for the movie where we go into the castle to rescue maid marian , and we be hide behind this curtain - hardy decide hunger have get the better of he and - after liberally sprinkle salt over the fill - try the sandwich . laurel start to giggle as he tell the story . laurel ( cont would ) - and the guard be lookin’ for we - — he 's really make himself laugh as he tell the story - and it 's infectious . hardy start to chuckle too - even though he do not know the punchline . laurel ( cont would ) - and , I will show you , turn around ... hardy turn round ; we stay on he as we hear some rustling : laurel ( oov ) ( cont would ) okay ... hardy turn back and see laurel 's shoe poke out from beneath the curtain in he room . laurel ( oov ) ( cont would ) ( from behind curtain ) now you stab I with you sword - hardy look about , pick up a shoe horn and , get into character - hardy a-ha ! a-ha ! so you think you can play that game do you - well you can not hide from I ! -use it to stab the curtain at about chest height . 16 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 24 laurel ( oov ) and then you pull the curtain back , and ... hardy pull the curtain back and there be laurel on he knee , below where the ' sword 's go in to the curtain , kneel on he shoe like toulouse - Lautrec , look at himself in a dress mirror opposite . he look so ridiculous that hardy howl with laughter - which make laurel laugh even harder . laurel ( cont would ) be not that silly ! hardy pull he shoe off and - with some painful grunt - lower himself to kneel on they the same as laurel . now they be both do it - get a little hysterical with laughter as they look at themselves in the mirror . hardy now I be down here - I can not get up again ! this set they both off again . laurel try to get up - laurel neither can I ! ( gasp for air ) we be stick ! we go out on the boy , howling with laughter at themselves in the mirror . ext . queen 's hall theatre - day 16 a grey day , the rain fall . a provincial English theatre , small and shabby - hardy 's sink feel be spot on . a old man pass , oblivious , as a workman pastes up a poster : Bernard delfont present the personal visit of Hollywood 's greatest Comedy couple Stan laurel & Oliver hardy under this we hear the incredulous voice of Stan 's wife ida : ida ( v.o. ) - you stay in guest house ? you should be in best hotel . laurel ( v.o. ) well , beggar can not be chooser can they my darling . Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 25 ida ( v.o. ) why be you not play West end ? I do not like this delfont . as the shot track we see laurel in a public phone box next to the theatre , on a transatlantic call : laurel ida , he 's put this tour together for we , and we do not exactly have too many other offer do we ? anyway , we get the movie to look forward to . he glance at the little Queen 's Hall theatre outside . laurel ( cont would ) okay the theatre be a little on the small side , but that mean it 'il be easier to sell it out . ida ( v.o. ) how be Oliver - be he pull weight ? laurel he 's do fine . ( quickly move on ) tell I all the news . how be the duck ? ida ( v.o. ) well , I try to get they into duck house at night but - the pip sound , he have to quickly insert more coin . laurel hello ? ida ? ida ( v.o. ) stanley ? laurel oh thank goodness , I think I have lose you . he look glumly at the rain spattering against the window of the phone box ... laurel ( cont would ) I just want to tell you how much I be miss you , and how cold the bed be without you . 17 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 26 ida ( v.o. ) I be miss you too . I be try not to cry each night ... int . backstage , queen' hall theatre , newcastle - night 17 open night . laurel and hardy be in costume , prepare to go on . hardy sit himself on a hospital bed and a stage hand ( billy brady , 20 ) encase he leg in a oversize plaster cast . laurel glance through a crack in the curtain and , worried , see the house be barely half full . brady attaches a cable to hardy 's plaster cast and start to hoist it up like it 's in traction . brady glance over to laurel and see he be go through he pre-show ritual of check he cuff be hold in place by paper clip , and that there be no heel on he boot . brady pluck up the courage to talk to he : brady you work with my grandad Mr. Laurel . laurel look up at he . brady ( cont would ) he tell I how you never have heel on you boot , to make you walk funny . laurel you grandad ? brady billy brady , I be name after he . laurel look at he . brady do a wide - eye , goofy smile and a camp flutter of he hand . brady ( cont would ) ' billy brady - he 's no Lady 's ? suddenly the mist part , and laurel realise who this man be . laurel oh my goodness , it 's like stare straight into the past ! ( shake he hand warmly ) you be billy 's grandson ... he be a wonderful comic . very funny drag act . brady ( to hardy ) he always say , Mr. hardy , that Stan be obsessed with he comedy . never stop work on he act - even though he reckone in they day it be crap . 18 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 27 hardy nothing much have change there billy . brady laugh - so do laurel . laurel he be a very good friend of mine you grandad be - how be he ? brady oh , he pass away a few year ago . laurel seem very move by this . laurel I be sorry to hear that . the stage manager come out to give they all a head up : stage manager curtain up in one minute Stan ? laurel nod he okay . brady he be on stage right up ' till the end . do a panto the night before he die . hardy listen to this as brady wheel he bed to centre stage . laurel take a position in the wing and brady now come over and hand he a paper bag and a bunch of flower . brady ( cont would ) he be very weak but he be determine to get through it . this seem to hit home with laurel who , as the light dim , fall quiet . he look to hardy , alone in bed in the backstage gloom . int . queen 's hall theatre , newcastle - night 18 there 's a buzz of expectation out front , then the orchestra strike up ' the dance of the cuckoos 's , Laurel & hardy 's instantly recognisable theme tune . laurel look across to hardy and they exchange that same nod . then , stage light up , curtain open , and loud applause as the audience see hardy on stage in the bed . laurel silently count in he head , then - laurel stride on stage to another round of warm applause , clutching the bunch of flower and paper bag , blank expression . the sketch begin : laurel hi Ollie , how be you ? Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 27a hardy never mind how I be - what take you so long to get here ? laurel well they say no visitor so I say I be you son and it work like a charm . hardy my son ! you have a lot of nerve tell they I be you father . laurel I could not tell they you be my mother . hardy of course you could not . I have never even be marry ... Big laugh - the audience be loving it . hardy what have you get there ? % + eh % 19 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 28 laurel I bring you some hard boil egg and some nut . hardy look to the audience , exasperate , and they laugh . the reaction be warm and genuine , but the theatre be only half full - there be empty seat everywhere . hardy now you know I can not eat hard boil egg and nut ! if you want to bring I something why do not you bring I a box of candy ? laurel well , they cost too much . hardy what have that get to do with it ? laurel and you do not pay I for the last box I bring you . laughter . laurel offer hardy the bag : laurel have one ? hardy no. I have rather not . ( to the audience , with disgust ) hard boil egg and nut ... laurel ignore he , take a egg out and start to peel it and eat it . hardy watch , incredulous , as Laurel pull a salt cellar from he pocket and sprinkle some on . int . backstage / stage , queen 's hall theatre , newcastle - nig # ?r helped by brady and another stage hand , laurel and hardy - who wince as he jar he knee - do a quick change into they crumpled suit and bowler hat , ready for the finale . hardy ( dismay ) what 's go on out there ? all that empty seat ... laurel , though also concerned , do not respond - he nod to the stage manager . 19a a Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 28a int . queen 's hall theatre , newcastle - night 19aa ' the dance of the cuckoos 's play again , and the curtain rise . laurel wait for a particular note , then step out on set ... but he only manage two pace before hardy reach out and pull he back . he go out first in this partnership . laughter . but as hardy stroll out self importantly , laurel kick he up the ass . more laughter . finally they both walk out together to warm applause . they go into a bow routine , to the side , to the front , then towards each other - clash head . laughter . laurel see hardy put he hand on he knee to push himself straight again - see a flash of pain across he face . hardy cover it well as he fiddle with he tie ; laurel take he hat off and scratch he hair underneath . laurel lady and gentleman , thank you for make we feel so welcome on we first night back in England . we hope you have enjoy we bit of fun this evening - we have sure enjoy ourselves have not we Ollie ? 19a Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 29 hardy we certainly have stanley , we have be make to feel right at home here in newcastle , and now we have like to finish - he give laurel a brief nod of reassurance about he knee - hardy ( cont would ) - with a little dance routine we like to do . Music please maestro . the tune to ' at the Ball , that 's all 's strike up . hardy ( cont would ) stanley . formally , hardy hold he hand out and laurel take it , as if he be he dance partner , and they begin to perform the same dance routine we see in ' Way out West 's . though older and slower , they still dance beautifully , the affection they character have for each other shine through . they come together to finish , hold hand and take a bow . they look out at the half full auditorium , but still keep up they smile . CUT to : ext . stairwell , train station - day 19 a laurel and hardy puff and blow as they clamber up a long staircase carry they luggage . hardy , golf club again over he shoulder , drag the heavy trunk behind he . laurel it be a little slow last night , be not it . hardy slow ? we could have invite the audience back for a party in we hotel suite - there have have be plenty of room . laurel smile , hardy be strike with a sudden think : hardy ( cont would ) we get to be careful muffin do not come see we ' till the house pick up - we do not want he get cold foot about the movie . laurel you be right . i’1l put he off ' till we get to London ... laurel reach the top , rest he case , look about for where to go next . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 30 laurel ( cont would ) ( take out a slip of paper ) Glasgow train ... 8.05 platform four. ( look about ) which way be platform four ..? hardy ( still struggle up the stair ) 8.05 ? what time be it now ? laurel look at he wrist - he 's not wear a watch : laurel I do not have my watch on . hardy instinctively bring up he leave wrist to look at he watch - but in do so he let go of the heavy trunk ... which promptly slide away down the staircase . a moment as they both watch it trundle to the bottom and come to a stop - a inescapable echo of the piano famously plummete down that long flight of stair in they movie ' the Music box 's . hardy you know one of we be go to have to get that . laurel it 's I be not it ? hardy it certainly be . 20 int . restaurant car , train - day 20 hardy lie back in he seat , bad leg propped up , doze . laurel bring back two scotch from the buffet bar . he set they down , then resume he seat , the remain of some sandwich and tea in front of they . laurel glance at hardy , take a sip from he scotch , then nudge he . laurel Babe . ( no response , so louder ) Babe . hardy wake up , see laurel . with a grimace of pain he sit up , bring he leg down from the seat opposite . hardy what be it ? laurel I get you a drink . hardy see the scotch , take it and downs it . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 30aa hardy thank you . laurel now hand he a few type page of script . hardy look at they , confuse for a moment , then take they . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 30a laurel I be workin’ on some new scene for ' Rob ' em good’ , think we could run ‘em ? hardy see a pot of tea and some cup in front of they , put the script down and pour himself a cup . laurel ( cont would ) we do not have to if you do not want to . Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 31 hardy no no ... ( almost as a aside ) I know my place . it 's a little barb he throw out but laurel do not take it . with great delicacy hardy begin a long ritual : drop four cube of sugar in , then milk and carefully stir , make sure the lump dissolve . he then spill some red tablet from a bottle onto the little table in front of he . laurel knee still bad ? hardy nod as he count out four and put the other back in the bottle . laurel ( cont would ) I think you be on the blue tablet ? hardy I already have the blue one and it 's still killin’ I . I think I would give the red one one more chance . laurel well will not the blue one get upset about that ? hardy I never think about it . laurel it 's get to be one or the other , you can not keep both of they on the go at the same time ... finally , after one last emphatic stir , hardy put the first tablet in he mouth , pick he cup up with a crooked little finger , and take a sip to wash it down . laurel ( cont would ) - they 'il get jealous and start fight over you . hardy immediately react , pull a face , but be force to swallow . hardy why do not you tell I it be cold ? laurel I think you know ? hardy look at he , exhales in frustration , and downs the other three tablet quickly with another gulp of cold tea . 21 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 32 he shudder with distaste , then pick the script up again and start to read through it . but he 's distract , can not concentrate . he turn to laurel : hardy that guy who go on stage the night before he die .... laurel billy brady ? hardy yeh . laurel be not that something , to still be work in he old age like that ? hardy that 's what 's be bother I . he be not work , he be die . do not you find it sad ? as laurel think about this , hardy take the flask from he and have a sip . laurel well ... look at Jimmy finlayson . hardy what about he ? laurel nobody even know he have die , just lay there in he bed , all alone . he finish too soon - same cafe every morning , read the papers , try to make that stretch to midday so he 's only get the afternoon to kill ? who want that ? hardy have another sip . hardy maybe he be happy do nothing . there 's a awful lot to be say for it ... ext . empire theatre , glasgow - day 21 a grey morning , the wind whipping across the clyde . hardy smoke a cigarette as he stand down the street from the boy 's next venue - the ' Empire Glasgow 's . under this we hear : Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 32a laurel ( v.o. ) Mr. miffin please ... yes this be Stan Laurel ... well that 's very nice of you to say so ... Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 33 shot track to reveal laurel make another call in a public phone box . hardy , out of earshot , wait for he . laurel Mr. hardy ? oh he 's indispose right now - ( see hardy outside ) - he 's work in a swiss cheese factory . he get a job put in the hole - ( he obviously get a laugh , listen some more ) he 's in a meeting ? okay , it 's just that I need to confirm a date for he to come see we in London . ( listen ) no please do not interrupt he , I '11l try again another time . ( listen ) no that 's fine ... you too . he hang up and emerge from the phone box , join hardy and they walk away together . hardy how be ida ? laurel Fine . duck be fine ... laurel suddenly stop and pull out another beret from he coat pocket and hand it to hardy . 22 23 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 34 laurel ( cont would ) here , I get you a present . hardy take it and , delighted , put it on immediately ( laurel be already wear he ) . hardy how do it look ? laurel swell . wide shot : the two of they walk off towards the theatre . hardy we be two peas in a pod . they pass a woman push a pram and both politely doff they beret to she . elderly woman ( v.o. ) - yes but we just want to know who 's go to be play Laurel and hardy please ? deleted 22 int . foyer , empire glasgow - day 23 a elderly couple be at the box office with the manager : manager they be play themselves . elderly woman who be ? manager Laurel and hardy . ' here in person 's the poster say - they be here in person . elderly woman yes but they have be retire for year . before we buy any ticket we want to know the name of the actor who be go to be play they here ? in this actual theatre ? manager ( exasperate ) they be play themselves ! at this point laurel and hardy walk through the foyer on they way into the theatre . they spot the elderly couple and once more politely doff they beret : 24 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 35 laurel and hardy ( smiling politely ) good afternoon . out on the elderly couple 's astonished expression . under this we hear ... hardy ( v.o. ) . -- lady and gentleman , we have like to thank you for make we feel so welcome here in Glasgow ... int . empire , glasgow - night 24 the audience tonight be again , disappointingly , only half full - though they be enjoy see the boy resplendent in kilt especially for they Scottish fan . we pick out delfont in the audience , look around , note the gap . laurel not just Glasgow , the whole of Wale . hardy point to the kilt they be wear laurel ( cont would ) why be not we wear any trousers ? hardy because we're in Scotland . laurel yes but why be not we wear any trousers ? hardy never mind . lady and gentleman we would like to finish with a dance . Laurel throw he a know look - hardy 's not well enough to do the dance number . hardy no ? laurel no . no , you sing a song and I 'il do a dance . hardy alright , have it you way . what song would you like to do ? laurel we would like to perform ' shine on harvey Moon 's . Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 35aaa hardy ' shine on harvest Moon 's . laurel alright , we will do that one then . hardy maestro , may I have a ukulele ? Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 35aa hardy start to play on he ukulele then sing the song in he beautiful tenor voice , laurel harmonize , he gentle , flat voice a perfect foil . at the same time laurel perform a little soft shoe shuffle around the ( stationary ) hardy . laurel and hardy ( sing ) oh , shine on , shine on , harvest moon up in the sky ... I be not have no lovin ' ( more ) Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 35a laurel and hardy ( cont 'd ) since January , February , June or July snow time be not no time to stay outdoor and spoon shine on , shine on , harvest moon for I and my gal ... enthusiastic applause ; they go into they ' bow routine 's ( end with they bang head in the middle ) . they get laugh , but we see how pale and sweaty hardy be - the physical demand of this type of touring take a toll . 25 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 36 int . glasgow pub - night 25 that evening . laurel and hardy , glum and apprehensive after another poorly attend show , sit in a corner booth with delfont , who tuck into a pub meal of sausage and mash . laurel and hardy do not eat but have pint of beer in front of they and both smoke heavily , a thick haze hang over the booth . nothing be say until , finally , delfont finish he last mouthful and dab vigorously at he mouth with a napkin : delfont now then , gentleman ... ( more dabbing , put napkin down ) terrific though the show be , and it really be terrific - hardy thank you . delfont - we really do have to have a little think about where we go from here . sweating profusely , hardy pour himself a glass of water from the ever- present jug he have at the dinner table . hardy we have new material we can work in , do not we Stan . laurel we have a double door routine we can do , set in a railway station , and as soon as Babe 's leg be better we can bring back the dance number at the end . hardy it 's get better all the time . delfont yes , I think that would all help enormously . and of course it 's early day and all that but , unfortunately , the house have thus far be extremely disappoint . hardy but that 's because we be play in all this little theatre . delfont yes and I be absolutely furious about that . Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 37 hardy but you book we in they ? what happen to the big one we play last time we be over ? delfont well we could not be sure how ticket sale would go you see , and - laurel , suddenly get it , look thunderstruck . laurel wait a minute , wait a minute ... you want to close we down ? delfont absolutely not . that 's the last thing I want to do . hardy we have not even do a week ! laurel when do you want we to finish ? delfont I think it would be best if we wrap it up before you get to London ? hardy what ! delfont that would give we another ten show or so . with a bit of a push - ' last show 's , that sort of thing - and the advance booking we already have , we should just about be able to wash we hand . hardy but the producer of the movie 's come to see the show in London next month , be not he Stan ? laurel and Lucille and ida be come over in a couple of week - we can not finish early . hardy we make it perfectly clear - ( grasp at the figure ) - one hundred and ten per cent clear , that the only reason we come over for this tour be to be available for that movie . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 38 delfont look at they both , consider the situation . delfont I think you would jump at the chance . neither of you look particularly well ? hardy I be in perfect health . laurel and so be he . hardy Mr delfont , we need this tour to continue . delfont and of course I be enormously sympathetic . enormously . but you audience do not quite seem to be what it be , and advance booking be very slow . it 's a wonderful show , very charming and sweet , but perhaps ... taste have change ? all good thing must come to a end , that sort of thing ? laurel we can turn it around . delfont the public move on . so many do not even come to the theatre now , just stay at home watch they television set ... watch you film on they television set , come to think of it - and you not even get any residual . ( shake he head and tut ) filthy business . hardy just tell we what you want we to do and we will do it . delfont look from hardy , who wipe the sweat from he forehead with a napkin , to laurel , who look at he expectantly . delfont well ... if you really want to keep this tour go , then all I can think of ... be you be go to have to get out there and publicize it . ( he look at they both ) ( more ) Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 38 a delfont ( cont 'd ) which would mean a very large amount of extra work for you both , make personal appearance , open shop , meeting local dignitary and so on and so forth . and for , broadly speak , very little extra money . 26 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 39 laurel I take it that ' very little 's actually mean no extra money at all ? hardy that we would have to flog ourselves half to death for nothing ? delfont well ... ( see in they eye that there 's no point lie ) yes . laurel and hardy exchange . a beat , then : hardy well okay . delfont sorry ? laurel we will do it . delfont be take aback by how upbeat and defiant they seem . ext . STREET - day 26 black and white newsreel footage : on a freezing cold day , a good-size crowd have gather to watch laurel and hardy pose for some shot with local PRESS photographer . the boy be wear uniform of white overall and black peak cap with scarve wrap round they neck to keep they warm , and they be surround by young school child . newsreel commentary ( v.o. ) take time out from a nationwide tour of music hall - ticket still available - messrs. Laurel and hardy be in merthyr tydfil this week for to lend they support to a new road safety programme . jump CUT to : the boy now stand in the middle of a Zebra crossing hold ' lollipop 's sign say ' stop child crossing 's , as they wave the child cross the road [ note - laurel 's sign be bigger than hardy 's ] . newsreel commentary on a bitterly cold day the boy have luckily come prepare . 27 28 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 40 as the child cross hardy stamp he foot and blow he hand to keep warm . meanwhile laurel pull a hot water bottle from inside he coat and a cup from he pocket then - to laugh - pour some tea into it from the hot water bottle . hardy roll he eye in exasperation - then suddenly notice that Laurel 's sign be bigger than he . annoy , he grab it off he and hand laurel he smaller one . newsreel commentary ( cont would ) although with this two around nothing ever go quite to plan ... look at he smaller ' lollipop 's , laurel decide to get revenge by bop hardy on the head with it . hardy howl and touch he head gingerly , then respond in kind - and a squabble quickly develop , the two of they attack each other with they ' lollipop 's . end newsreel footage . ext . countryside - day ( montage sequence ) 27 a steam train thunder across country ; underneath this a 1950s vintage graphic show the progress of the tour , from Glasgow to Manchester , Liverpool , and then finally start to head south , to Nottingham , Leicester , Birmingham .. int . theatre - night ( montage sequence ) 28 laurel be stand next to hardy 's bed , he arm rest on the iron headboard . but , unknown to laurel he arm be looped through the rope hold up hardy 's leg . hardy if you really want to help I , why do not you get I a nice glass of water . laurel turn round to the bed side table but in do so pull hardy 's leg up even higher and the counterweight land on hardy 's head . hardy let out a ' oohhh '. laurel quickly turn back to hardy . laurel what 's the matter ? hardy my head hurt . laurel I ’1ll get the doctor . laurel again turn around , lift hardy 's leg and landing the counterweight on he head . hardy let out another ' oohhh '. laurel turn back to hardy again . % + fh hk % 29 30 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 40a a hardy never mind the doctor , just get I my glass of water . laurel turn around for a third time to get the glass of water , but this time hardy push he leg down hard quickly pull laurel back round to face he and accidentally throw the glass of water all over hardy . ext . various theatres - day ( montage sequence ) 29 various shot of poster be paste up outside theatre . we see the poster heading - ' hippodrome Birmingham 's ; ' alhambra Bradford 's ; ' Palace Hull 's ... int . chip shop - day ( montage sequence ) 30 a small crowd have gather as the boy pose for photo for the local paper in a chip shop . the boy each hold bag of chip , then hardy be hand a bottle of vinegar by the chip shop owner . he start to sprinkle vinegar on he chip but allow himself to be ' distract 's and turn away to one side , smile to fan , and do not see laurel put he bag of chip over hardy 's so he get all the vinegar instead . laurel take he bag away just as hardy turn back , and start to eat he chip with a big smile . hardy look at he suspiciously . % + eh 31 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 40 a ext . train station - day ( montage sequence ) 31 the train have arrive and laurel step down from the carriage , wave to fan on the platform before turn to help hardy down . hardy look pale and - frankly - exhaust . 32 33 34 35 36 37 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 41 he 's wobbly on the step with he bad knee but once he 's safely on the platform he also turn and wave to the fan . the boy then go into they bow routine : to each side , to the front , then to each other - bang head . Big laugh . int . theatre foyer - night ( montage sequence ) 32 a queue of fan in the foyer ; we snake along the line until we reach the box office , where money be slap down hand over fist for ticket ; demand seem to be grow . deleted 33 ext . STREET - day ( montage sequence ) 34 another PA - photographer snap away as laurel and hardy , each with a conductor 's ticket machine strapped to he chest , manually wind out ticket from they machine for passengers board a trolley - bus . inevitably laurel wind out a ticket , hand it to hardy and he accept it - before realise what it be and - to laugh - angrily screwing it up and throw it away . jump CUT to : the boy - now on the trolley bus - wave goodbye to everyone from the rear as it rattles off down the street . deleted 35 ext . countryside - night ( montage sequence ) 36 a express sleeper , the engine 's headlamp illuminate swirl of steam as , even at night , the boy keep on move , move . the graphic map show the tour stop at cardiff , then bristol , then Exeter before reach plymouth . end montage . int . her majesty 's theatre , plymouth - night 37 all the hard work lead to here . hardy sit on a bench in a unfamiliar set - a railway platform - look at he watch impatiently . the auditorium be jam - pack full ; the audience - spread across all age - happy , expectant . on stage hardy can wait no more , get up and exit through a door into the wait room . at this exact moment laurel come out onto the stage through another door next to the first door . loud applause as he look around , puzzle , for hardy . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 41a laurel check he watch , then decide to go and look for he - but once again at the precise moment he exit through he door hardy enter through the other one . big laugh . 38 Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 42 the sketch build through multiple exit and entrance , the split second timing impeccable , they reaction and expression supremely skilful . as the sketch continue the laughter build , the audience loving what they see . at one point they both exit the stage , then enter together . the child in the audience be howling , but laurel and hardy ' do not notice 's each other , turn in the wrong direction to look for each other and exite together . a moment , then they enter again and walk smack bang into each other - bring the house down . the audience be on it 's foot applause , cheer and cry ringing down . they beam in appreciation , blow kiss as the curtain fall . int . back stage , palace theatre plymouth - night 38 as laurel and hardy come offstage to huge applause , drip with sweat , they turn to each other and from they expression they know that tonight have go well . really well . delfont be in the wing wait for they . delfont gentlemen - we be back in business ! well do , well do - we have turn it around ! I never doubted we would ... hardy you faith sustained we . laurel we wife arrive next week Mr. delfont , we have sure like to still have a show when they get here . delfont not only will you still have a show , but it will be play in London ! hardy for real ? delfont the lyceum be free so I have book a two week run , beginning a week on Sunday . kk laurel ( delighted ) the lyceum ? ** delfont shake both of they hand , vigorously . delfont hearty felicition - we must celebrate ! 39 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 43 he snap he finger and a stage hand bring over a tray with two glass of champagne on it ; delfont hand they out . laurel ( take he ) thank you very much , we wife will be delighted . how about dinner tonight , on we ? hardy ( take he ) that 's a good idea . I be have steak . a big , thick juicy steak smother with onion . laurel I be have the same as he 's have . except I want fish . and no onion . delfont ( smiling thinly ) ha - yes let 's do that . can not make it tonight I have say I will say hello to Danny kaye after he show - huge fan of yours of course . but we must celebrate . we ’1ll talk anon ! he leave . on laurel and hardy watch he go . a beat , then they turn to each other and hardy hold up he glass : hardy to we . laurel smile , and clink he glass against hardy 's . laurel bottom up . int . train - day 39 laurel and hardy read from script as they rehearse some line from the movie . laurel you be on the log with Robin Hood and he ask what it be you want to see he about , and you say : hardy ( as ' Friar hardy 's ) we be go to give he a piece of my mind , be not we stanley . laurel ( as ' stanley - a - Dale 's ) we sure be . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 44 hardy ( as ' Friar hardy 's ) we would give he a piece of he too , but he do not have any to spare . hardy smile at this , come out of character . hardy ( cont would ) yeh , that 's a nice line . ( beat , thoughtful ) be this movie happen Stan ? laurel ( taken off guard ) yes . of course it be . why do you ask that ? hardy oh ... it 's just that Lucille will ask I about it , and I know you have be struggle to get through to muff - ( he remember ) - miffin . laurel I be meeting he next week , it 's all line up . hardy I mean , I be enjoy how the show 's go , but ... it 's the movie we be do this for be not it . laurel that 's right - and then one thing lead to another . hardy because we can not keep touring like this forever , can we . before laurel can answer , a guard walk past they compartment , call out to passenger : guard London terminus , next and final stop . they look at each other , then get up , excitedly . they go out into the corridor and pull down the window on the door so they can lean outside . it 's a bit of a squeeze , but - hair blow in the wind - they can see the unmistakable London skyline fast approach . with excited face they shake hand , delighted to have make it to the capital . 40 4l 42 43 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 45 ext . savoy HOTEL , london - day 40 next morning , laurel exit the hotel dress in unfamiliar business attire ( smart overcoat and homburg hat ) , smile and nodd to the bell boy . he take in the air , full of energy and expectation , then stroll off down the strand . ext . west end cinema - day 41 taxis and red bus weave past , with advert for bovril , player cigarettes and schweppes on the side . Men in hat and lady in heel bustle along this busy corner of the west end . laurel walk along , ( to where we do not yet know ) , then pause to study a poster outside a cinema : ' abbott & costello go to Mars 's . the blurb tell we they be ' Hollywood 's no. one Comedy Duo 's . this be the double act that have effectively replace Laurel & hardy in the affection of modern moviegoer . laurel look at they young face , the silver space suit , the shiny rocket , the future ... a man walk up and stand next to he , also to look at the poster . a few moment then laurel , aware of the man stand on he shoulder , turn to look at he . at the same time the man turn to laurel and give he a polite smile . laurel go to smile back but realise the man be tremendously boss -ey -— he eye literally look in opposite direction . laurel double take . the man politely raise he hat , then walk away . out on laurel . ext . strand tube station - day 42 wearing he beret , a smile hardy - full of the joy of life - stroll down the street sing softly to himself , hum some of the word he can not quite bring to mind : hardy ( sing ) let I call you sweetheart , I be in love with you let I hear you whisper that you love I too keep the da - da hmm hmm in you eye so true let I call you sweetheart , I be in love with you ... he pass a little florist 's stall outside the tube station , be about to go down the stair when he decide he 's feel so good he want a buttonhole . he select a red carnation and , with great delicacy , pull a shilling from he wallet to pay for it . back to the song , he hum and whistle as he carry on jauntily into the tube station , pin the carnation to he lapel as he go . ext . west end - day 43 laurel stride up to a building with brass business plate outside , check the address against a slip of paper , enter . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 45a 44 int . office reception - day 44 laurel remove he hat and approach the receptionist , a insipid - type , mid-20 . laurel I be here to see Mr. miffin . receptionist and you name please ? laurel Mr. Laurel . she start to write everything down . 45 46 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 46 receptionist do you have a appointment Mr. lauren ? he do not pick she up on mispronounce he name . laurel we keep miss each other on the telephone so I think if I drop by that would be the easiest thing . receptionist because he 's not here right now . laurel ( beat , think about this ) that 's okay , I can wait . I think I have be speak to another girl on the telephone about this - I have be speak to she for a while ? receptionist she 's leave . be you sure you want to wait ? he may be quite a while ? laurel well , I be here now be not I . receptionist take a seat over there Mr. lauren - ( indicate a row of chair ) - I will let he office know you be here . he still do not pick she up on the name thing . as she make a internal call he sit down . he look over to a door at the far end of the reception area . another close door . ext . jewellers , burlington arcade - day 45 a tray of diamond bracelet be remove from a shop window . int . jewellers , burlington arcade - day 46 the tray be set down by a ( male ) assistant in front of hardy . the assistant indicate a bracelet in the middle of the tray . assistant a beautiful piece sir . hardy look at it , but he eye be take by one above it which be much , much classier with alternate diamond and ruby . assistant Mr. Laurel not with you today ? hardy , preoccupy , answer without look up : Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 46 a hardy oh he 's just get himself a new job , mend break biscuit . the assistant laugh . assistant I think it 's wonderful you be still go . hardy rigor mortis have not set in just yet - he point to the expensive bracelet . 47 48 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 47 hardy ( cont would ) - I ''m very take with this one ? the assistant take it from the tray and lay it out ona small patch of velvet cloth . assistant one of we best piece , diamond and ruby set in a gold bracelet . hardy my wife 's arrive from overseas today and it 's a gift , you see . assistant it 's the most expensive item on the tray . one hundred and fifty pound . hardy smile at he . hardy pardon I for just a moment . he take he wallet from he back pocket , turn away from the assistant , open it and count through the note inside with he finger . he do not have enough . not nearly . a thoughtful frown for a moment , then he turn back to the assistant : hardy ( cont would ) I wonder if you could just hold it for I and I 'il be right back with the full amount ... ( motion ' hurry foot 's with he finger ) -..‘ tout suite 's . int . office reception - day 47 laurel , patient as ever , be still be keep wait . he catch the eye of the receptionist and give she a familiar ruffle of he hair into a mad quiff . but this produce no response - she simply think he rather odd . so he try something else : put he hat back on , he put he finger in he mouth and blow it like it 's a valve . he can see the receptionist try not to look , but find herself wonder what on earth he 's do . he put he finger in again and blow harder ; by lean the brim of he hat back slightly against the wall behind he , he make it look as if he hat be lift off he head . she watch this , but there 's still no laugh - she just look vaguely uncomfortable , embarrassed even . laurel give up . ext . phone BOX - day 48 hardy be in a public phone box make a call . the pip go and he insert a coin to connect . 49 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 48 hardy concierge please ... ( wait ) hello ? Raymond ..? ( listen ) Ray it 's Mr. hardy from room 430 - ( listen ) - I be very well thank you - now that discussion the other day about we four-legged friend ... ( listen ) yes I wonder if you could speak to you man and place a bet for I ... he put the phone in the crook of he neck , pull out he wallet , and take out a slip of paper with a name and meeting scribble on it : hardy ( cont would ) '' +. it 's hometown Boy , in the 2.30 at kempton . five to one shot . as he listen he open he wallet again and count with he finger five of the ten pound note in there ( leave another tenner and a fiver ) . hardy ( cont would ) fifty . ( finger the last tenner and the fiver ) +. let 's make that sixty . ( amount repeat to he ) yes sixty . on the nose . ( listen ) thank you so much . yes , tally - ho to you too . he hang up and nod to himself , confident , certain . int . office reception - day 49 laurel be fixate on the close door . something snap and he get up and walk over to it . as he pass the receptionist : receptionist hello ? can I help you ? he ignore she , go up to the door and knock . receptionist ( cont would ) I have ask you to wait ... laurel knock again . receptionist ( cont would ) - please you be not allow in there - laurel grip the handle , open the door and stride into ... 50 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 49 int . miffin 's office - day 50 -+. a empty office . desk and chair , leather sofa face ; poster from various low budget british movie from the 40s and 5as on the wall . he look around . empty . from behind : cynthia ( oov ) you be here to see Mr. miffin ? he turn round , see cynthia , 5as , glass , a formidable - look production executive , stand in the doorway . laurel yes . sorry , I ... yes . cynthia I be he production executive , Cynthia Clarke . laurel hello Cynthia . cynthia Mr. miffin be still detain , but I have just speak to he on the telephone and he want I to explain the situation to you . ( laurel swallow ) he say he 's sorry , but he 's be unable to raise the finance need to proceed with the film . laurel ( beat ) oh ... I see . cynthia he say he make it clear in a cable he send to you before you leave the United States , that all the finance be not in place ? laurel yes but I think he have have it all line up by now . cynthia he want you to know that he do everything he could to bring the project together , but he feel sure you will understand that the market be very challenging at the moment , and that it just be not possible . laurel look at she , crush , as the enormity of what she 's say now start to sink in . but he remain polite . 51 52 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 50 laurel yes . thank you . thank you very much for you time ... ext . strand tube station - day 51 hardy - in coat and beret , cigarette hang from he lip - hurry out of the tube station and make for a newspaper vendor who be open some bale of freshly - arrive evening papers . he pay for one , feverishly turn to the racing page and scan the ' stop Press 's . he find he race , and ... he 's lose . we see he bitter disappointment . he screw the paper up and be about to angrily hurl it into a litter bin when he see some school kide , in uniform , stare at he shyly . a beat , then he force a smile , calmly drop the paper in the bin and flutter he tie at they . ext . savoy HOTEL - day 52 late afternoon now . laurel and hardy , each glum for different reason , smoke cigarettes as they wait outside the hotel by the taxi rank . the boy savour deep puff , as if they last . hardy 's attention be catch by a newsreel crew set up to cover the entrance . he look puzzle ... laurel delfont 's idea , think the girl arrive would be a good excuse for some free publicity . ( beat ) I be sure lookin’ forward to see they again . hardy I be countin’ the day . laurel forty six . ( hardy look at he , puzzle ) since we get here . forty six day . ( hardy still puzzle ) I think you say you be countin’ they ? hardy I just mean the last few . Seven or eight . laurel oh . hardy not forty six . who count from forty six ? laurel shrug , blankly . Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 51 hardy you know , I be think ... they do not need to know about everything we be do , do they ? like , for instance , all the personal appearance ... laurel no sense in get they all work up . hardy in a way , it 's a kindness keep they in the dark . laurel it certainly be . hardy well that 's settle . we 'il just talk about how well the tour 's go . ( afterthought ) and the movie . laurel can not bring himself to break it to hardy - not yet . laurel yeh . the movie . laurel take another deep puff on he cigarette . he glance over to the movietone crew and a idea form : laurel ( cont would ) hey , if the car pull up there - ( indicate in front of they ) - maybe we can do the door thing ? hardy will you give it a rest Stan ? a limousine sweep up to the front of the hotel . laurel here they be ! like naughty schoolboy laurel and hardy quickly throw they cigarettes away ; the photographer and newsreel crew spring into action . as the car pull up in front of they laurel give hardy a look and he reluctantly nod , ' okay 's . he go to the side of the car nearest the wall and from there open the rear door whilst laurel go to the other side of the car and open that . laurel lean in and in the back be lucille hardy , a pretty , unfussy Southern belle , 40s , and Laurel 's wife ida , same age glamorously dress , of Russian descent . he give ida a kiss : 53 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 52 laurel ( cont would ) hiya sweetie pie . Girls , can you both get out this side - I get something I want to do . ida ( thick Russian accent ) of course dahling , where do you want I ? I give they my good side . lucille be not as thrilled at the idea of a bit of ' business 's after she long journey - lucille oh no stanley ... we just get here ? - but she follow they out . ext . savoy HOTEL - day 53 black and white newsreel footage : laurel lead ida and lucille around the back of the limousine to hardy 's side , where they progress be block by he open door . newsreel commentary Comedy duo Laurel and hardy be join in London this week by they wife . but even in a simple situation like this , trouble just seem to follow they around . laurel feign ' confusion 's . what do he do now ? we ... CUT to : hardy wait by the door , with he back to laurel and the girl , wonder where they be . newsreel commentary ( cont would ) Oliver hardy , bachelor of Arts , always seem to have the situation under control ... but somehow thing never seem to work out that way . CUT to : laurel now lead the girl back round to the other side of the limousine , take they through the driver 's compartment and out hardy 's side , where hardy ' jump 's in surprise and give the girl a coy flutter of he tie in greeting . the two couple hold hand and enter the hotel together , stop by the entrance for a cheery wave to camera . newsreel commentary ( cont would ) yes they be reunite again , and now everyone can start make up for lose time . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 53 for the camera hardy take lucille 's hand and kiss it , then do the same to ida . laurel kiss ida 's hand then lucille 's , and finally laurel offer hardy he hand and hardy kiss that too - before slapping it away in ' distaste 's . 54 int . savoy HOTEL - day 54 the two couple enter the foyer . hardy do they get all that okay ? laurel it be fine , it will get a laugh . lucille ( sarcastic ) well I be awfully glad about that I be sure , but it would have be nice to say hello to my husband after eight week without immediately be press into one of you skit stanley . ida it be just small funny . lucille be that what it be . 55 int . restaurant , savoy - night 55 the laurel and hardys dine together , ida and lucille take the opportunity to both dress glamorously . lucille can not we visit the Tower of London ? and Saint Paul 's . and harrod . hardy of course . lucille and Buckingham Palace , where that darling new queen life . hardy of course my angel , you can visit wherever you like . ida Winter Palace at St. Petersburg , this be Palace . Buckingham be little dog house . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 54 lucille to think of she in there , with all that room , and the soldier outside look after she . be not she 's just the sweetest little doll ? laurel what about if we knock on the door and ask for a cup of sugar ? lucille do not you dare ! but then she laugh when she realise laurel be just kid . hardy you know , we be count the day ' till you get here . all forty six of they . lucille oh Oliver , that be the sweetest thing . hardy can not look at laurel . he busy himself sprinkle more salt on he food . lucille ( cont would ) how 's the movie come along stanley ? laurel it 's all set up , for when we finish the tour . hardy the producer be this fellow call muffin , and Stan 's re-written the script for he , and then - lucille Oliver that 's enough salt . hardy immediately stop . lucille ( cont would ) you know it 's bad for you blood pressure . hardy sorry honey , just force of habit . anyway , the producer 's go to come and watch the show next week be not that right Stan ? Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 55 laurel yeh , he say he have try and get along . lucille wonder about this response . why be he only go to ' try 's to see they ? hardy and Stan 's be look after I wonderfully , make sure daddy take all he tablet . he kiss the end of he finger and blow they to she , like he always do . lucille have he be take the blue one stanley ? laurel Blue ? I be give he green one . lucille Green ! oh my goodness what be they ? she look at hardy , worried . he just smile nervously . hardy he 's just kid . lucille ( quietly to herself ) I be not find that funny . hardy secretly glare at laurel - not the time or place to joke ! suddenly , ida announce : ida I be dancer . I dance for Preston sturge I dance for harold Lloyd . lucille ( Rolling she eye ) really ida ? you have never mention this before ? ida when my knee hurt , I dance some more , I go faster , I jump high - and the hurt go away . I forget pain . pain be only in you mind Oliver . lucille it 's not in he mind ida , it 's in he knee . ( more ) Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 55 a lucille ( cont 'd ) and there 's no way stanley , that he can do the scene in this movie where he fall into the river . laurel shoot a glance to hardy , who look embarrassed . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 hardy I be tell she about the script ... ida they can use double ? hardy that 's what I tell she . ida Preston sturge use double . lucille and it 's okay for he to sit about in a river all day be it , catch he death of cold ? honestly stanley ... ida why you keep say stanley ? lucille what ? ida anyway , show must go on . and do not worry about river jump , it 's easy as cake . hardy easy as pie . laurel it 's a piece of cake . ida that 's what 's I say . 56 lucille think about bite back , but decide against it . she place she cutlery on she plate , finish . lucille well , I be ready for a early night . I be poope . and I do not suppose it will do you boy any harm either - goodness know what you have be get up to while we be away . ida ( wagging finger at laurel ) yes . if I find out you be drink and smoking oh boy , you in big trouble . they both try to look innocent and offended . 56 Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 56 a int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 56 back up in they room , lucille be busy arrange flower from a huge bunch hardy have buy she , into a vase . lucille oh Oliver they be lovely , you really know how to spoil I . she look to hardy , who be lie on the bed watch she . lucille ( cont would ) I be so worried you be go to go out and buy I something we could not afford . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 57 hardy in future I be only buy you thing I do not have enough money for . he try to joke about it , but she can see he 's downcast . she go over to the bed , sit next to he . lucille you do not have to buy I anything , you be everything I could ever want . lucille take off she dress gown and get in bed with hardy , who cuddle up to she , arm around she . hardy this be what I have be wait for . lucille smile , squeeze he arm contentedly . hardy ( cont would ) why be you interested in a fat old man like I ? this be clearly a old joke between they . lucille hey you , that 's my husband you be talk about . I love you and you can not stop I . lucille shut she eye and try to relax . hardy how be the trip over with ida ? lucille you know ida , exhaust . when she get something in she head she will not let it go ' till she 's worried it to death , and God forbid anyone should raise the slight criticism of stanley . hardy laugh . lucille ( cont would ) have he be push you too hard Babe ? hardy ( tire sigh ) well , it 's more difficult than I first think . hardy close he eye . she look at he , worried how hard he 's push himself . she stroke he forehead . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 57a 57 int . bar , savoy HOTEL - night 57 laurel finish make a order at the hotel bar and come back to sit with ida at a table . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 58 ida Oliver be like cat on hot roof with Lucille . she wear pants in hardy house . laurel he 's be like that with all he wife . jump around after they the whole time , try to please they . ida you can learn this . laurel smile . laurel but she 's be good for he , consider the state he be in . ( thinks about this ) that we be both in . ( turn to ida ) but now we do not smoke and we do not drink and we be much happier . ida he should say ' thank you 's to you , for all you do for he . you could have say long time ago , ' goodbye Oliver 's . laurel that 's all in the past , where it should stay . a waiter bring they over cup of coffee each and also place a scotch in front of laurel . laurel ( cont would ) thank you . ida be you crazy ! take it back . laurel ( to waiter ) it 's okay . ( to ida ) I be not go to drink it ... laurel hold the tumbler up to he nose : laurel ( cont would ) I just want to smell it . laurel breathes in the aroma of the scotch 58 59 60 Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 59 ida bad for diabete . but laurel continue to toy with it . annoy , ida snatch it from he and downs it in one . ida ( cont would ) now you can not drink . ( beat ) I do not want to lose you stanley . he pucker up and she give he a kiss . laurel and nobody even know you be really a man . she give he a weary smile and a little shove . ext . palladium theatre , london - night 58 to establish the boy 's open night in London , they name up in light outside the iconic London palladium , the country 's premier theatre . int . backstage palladium theatre , london - night 59 backstage , almost ready to start the show . hardy pace about , nervous . laurel , check the paper clip on he cuff , peer out through a crack and this time see the auditorium be pack . he allow himself a smile . he check - no heel on he boot . int . auditorium , palladium theatre - night 60 delfont , all hand - squeeze and big smile , take he seat next to lucille and ida just in time for the start . he look about , very happy . delfont a sell out ! the house light dim and the orchestra strike up ' the dance of the cuckoos '. laurel walk out on stage follow by hardy . hardy turn , look to the applaud audience , but laurel continue into the wing on the other side of the stage . hardy gesture for he to come back onto the stage . laurel slowly walk out , pretend to argue with someone in the wing . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 59a a lone guitarist pick out the intro to ' Trail of the lonesome pine 's . the boy sing together in harmony : hardy ( sing ) on a mountain in Virginia stand a lonesome pine just below be the cabin home of a little girl of mine her name be June and very , very soon she will belong to I for I know she 's wait there for I ' neath that lone pine tree laurel and hardy in the blue ridge mountain of Virginia on the trail of the lonesome pine in the pale moon shine we heart entwine where she carve she name and I carve mine oh , June like the mountain I be blue like the pine I be lonesome for you in the blue ridge mountain of Virginia on the trail of the lonesome pine suddenly laurel hog the vocal , sing in such a impossibly deep voice that hardy be put off : laurel ( sing ) in the blue ridge mountain of Virginia on the trail of the lonesome pine hardy , annoyed , gesture to the wing and a stage hand hurry on with a mallet for he . hardy test the weight with a few practice swing as laurel continue - Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 59b laurel ( sing ) in the pale moon shine we heart entwine where she carve she name and I carve mine oh , June like the mountain I be blue like the pine I be lonesome for you ... - at this precise moment hardy whacks laurel on the head with the mallet . laurel look like he might fall over , but as hardy prepare to take over laurel now continue ' soprano 's : laurel ( sing ) in the blue ridge mountain of Virginia on the trail of the lonesome pine ... he sway , then fall over with ' delay 's concussion . Big laugh all round . 61 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 deleted 60 61 62 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 60 a int . bar , palladium theatre , london - night 62 lucille and ida have be leave by themselves in a corner . delfont have arrange a little after- show party but be firmly with the money - variety club patron lord and lady warley and another well - heele couple , the brockett-smiths . ever the attentive host he fill they glass and laugh at they joke - but have forget about the girl . lucille I wonder when the boy will be up ? ida why do not we ask for someone to go get they ? lucille look over to delfont . lucille he seem a little preoccupy ... with he lord and lady . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 61 ida come - we stand like lemon . ida head for delfont and he guest , lucille follow . delfont spot they approach : delfont lady ! I be so sorry - I be just on my way over to ask what you want to drink . Mrs Laurel and Mrs hardy , may I present Lord and Lady warley and Mr. & Mrs brockett - Smith . General greeting between everybody . lucille do you enjoy the show ? lord warley yes very good , stuff and nonsense be not it . on lucille , not entirely sure this be a compliment ? lucille Mr. delfont tell we that you - ida ( abruptly cut across she ) I have many offer to perform on London stage , but Hollywood call I . lord warley you be a actress yourself ? lucille ( interjecting ) more of a dancer really . with a very high pain threshold . ida I make film with Preston sturge and harold Lloyd . no time for London stage . lucille and I be sure the London stage have be kick itself all this year - — ( look around , desperate to get away ) I wonder where that boy be ? 63 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 62 int . dressing room , palladium theatre london - night 63 hardy , full of energy , be on he foot , clutching he script . still on a high from how well the show go , he ( and this time not Laurel ) have insisted on run line from ' Robin Hood 's . laurel , by contrast , sit at he dress table finish remove he make up . he be guilty , downcast , struggle with the knowledge that the movie have be can - and that he have not yet tell hardy . hardy this line Robin Hood have when he say he steal from the rich and give to the poor - there 's a gag in there somewhere Stan ... laurel Babe , the girl be wait . and delfont 's get some people he want we to meet from he charity . hardy we just gotta work it up some more . what day 's muffin comin’ to watch the show ? laurel he do not say . hardy he should have be here tonight . go big tonight . laurel decide that the time have finally come to tell the truth about the movie . laurel Babe , there 's something I gotta tell you - hardy ( suddenly stop pace ) how about we tell Robin Hood he 's get it all wrong and he should steal from the poor and give to the rich ? or something like that ? laurel the thing be ... laurel be voice choke . be he still go to tell he ? hardy you can play around with that Stan , can not you ? laurel well , you see ... 64 65 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 63 laurel have every intention of confess all ... but now that hardy have plant this think in he mind , the chance to create something take over . as he think about the scene , slowly laurel 's expression change from a frown to a smile . laurel ( cont would ) how about , we give to the poor by steal from the poor , and cut out the middle man ? hardy that 's it ! hardy head for the door , continue as ' Friar hardy 's : hardy ( cont would ) stealing from the rich to give to the poor - who ever hear of anything so ridiculous ? as laurel follow he out we see that he have abandon all thought of confess - he creative juice be flow . deleted 64 int . backstage palladium theatre london - night 65 the boy make they way through the backstage area towards the ( darken ) stage . hardy ( ' Friar hardy 's ) it 's obvious - steal from the poor , and give to the poor , and thereby cut out the middle man . laurel ( ' stanley - a - Dale 's ) and the rich need never be any the wiser . hardy ( ' Friar hardy 's , emphatically ) precisely . they emerge into the wing of the theatre . they continue they journey across the empty stage towards a exit at the side of the auditorium lead up to the bar - where they know everybody be wait for they . hardy ( cont would ) ( out of character ) that 's great Stan , that 's funny . but as they cross the stage hardy - still excited and animated - see a couple of broom and stop to pick one up . he throw laurel the other : Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 64 hardy ( cont would ) hey Stan , let 's just play it out / run through it . you be Robin Hood . he turn to face laurel . hardy ( cont would ) ( as ' Friar hardy 's ) I be warning you now - let I pass . hardy take a swipe over laurel 's head . hardy ( cont would ) ( ' Friar hardy 's ) I be a expert at this ... ( tries the line differently ) I have excellent staffing skill . ( tries for a better line ) I be note for my staff play . laurel ( as Stan ) I have get great stick work . hardy ( as ' Friar hardy 's ) I be warning you , I have get great stick work . hardy swipe at laurel 's leg , he step over it . laurel ( as Stan ) then one more swish underneath - Robin Hood will jump . laurel position himself behind hardy , as if stand on the log behind he . laurel ( cont would ) and I be stand behind you , I tap you on the shoulder and say '' watch he do not hit you on the leg '' ( get into it ) and then he crack you one - laurel mime crash he ' staff 's across hardy 's head . hardy howl in pain and gingerly touch he sore skull . CUT to : lucille and ida enter through a side entrance into the stall and - unseen in the dark by they husband - quietly approach the stage , watch all the time . CUT to : Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 64a laurel hurry back to hardy 's side , become ' stanley - a - Dale 's again , and they start a shove match . laurel ( cont would ) - and because I laugh , you get mad and take a swing at I and I duck and you unbalance and fall off the log into the river - hardy ( out of character ) give I a hand here Stan . laurel help hardy by hold he arm as - with great difficulty - he lower himself to the ground . CUT to : 66 Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 65 lucille watch , appal , about to say something but hold back for now . ida be , again , engross in the sketch . CUT to : laurel so you be down there in the water , and you look into the lens - hardy mime wiping he eye and spitting out some water - laurel ( cont would ) - then you feel something wiggling about inside you cassock and you reach inside and pull out a great big salmon - hardy mime feel a fish flap around inside he cassock and pull it out . he look up at laurel - laurel ( cont would ) - and I just go - laurel spread he hand in a helpless gesture . laurel ( cont would ) '' I do not put it there '' - and then I will give you a line from there to finish , and that 's the scene . a silence , then lucille speak up from the stall : lucille stanley he 's not go to fall into that river and that 's all there be to it . they both turn to look at she . she be angry , determine . int . corridor / bar , palladium theatre - night 66 laurel and hardy and lucille and ida approach the bar , hardy still try to calm lucille down : hardy come on honey , if the script say I fall in the river , that 's what I have to do . ( suddenly remember ) it 's historical - right Stan ? laurel be plunge back into he guilty secret - and now Babe and Lucille be argue about something that he know will not be happen . delfont 's drink party be in full swing - lot of fur and tuxedo on show - and as laurel and hardy enter delfont throw he arm out grandly : Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 65a delfont lady and gentleman , Mr. Stan Laurel and Mr. Oliver hardy ! Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 66 everybody break into applause ; the boy acknowledge this , embarrassed . they exchange another of they tiny , private nod - compel , in spite of the situation , to offer a little bit of business . hardy step forward to address everybody formally , laurel alongside he : hardy well , Stan and I would just like to express how very pleased and humble we be to meet you all - laurel tap he shoulder like he want to say something . hardy ( cont would ) would you be quiet for a moment - ( back to guest ) Mr. delfont have tell we about the wonderful work you do for deserve cause - ( laurel tap again ) I be try to speak to the honoure guest - — ( back to guest ) and we be look forward to say hello to everybody here tonight in person - ( laurel tap again and he snap ) what do you want ! laurel you be stand on my foot . laughter . delfont beam that the boy have do a little routine for everybody : delfont two wonderful legend of comedy , thank you so much gentleman . a round of applause which allow everybody to return to they private conversation . as laurel turn back to ida he grab - without think - a glass of champagne from a waiter : ida ( sternly ) stanley . he hand it to she and she drink it . laurel I think we get something here - the more I drink , the drunker she get . hardy take a glass of champagne for himself and lucille , but she refuse hers , obviously still work up . ida watch this . Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 67 hardy wo not you loosen up angel ? ida yes loosen . this movie could be big break for boy . lucille a big break ? oh please ... Oliver be sixty one year old . he 's make a hundred and fifty film . hardy , embarrassed with how loud she 's speak , try to ' sshh 's she . she lower she voice but be get really angry : lucille ( cont would ) and please tell I how can they be a matter of week away from make this movie and still not have any shoot date confirm stanley ? this be just such a ridiculous situation . ida feel compel to defend she husband . ida maybe ridiculous , but situation be not stanley 's fault . laurel ida please let 's just go back to * the room . * lucille whose fault be it then ida ? what be you try to insinuate ? hardy ( try to calm thing ) oh come on now - lucille no , I have like to know how this - ( lower she voice ) nutty tour which , let 's face it , they be only do for the money , be anything to do with Oliver ? all eye on ida . Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 68-68a ida because Oliver make elephant film . nobody know what to say , she have - literally - refer to the elephant in the room . a horrify silence . at this precise moment delfont bring over lord and lady warley . delfont gentlemen may I introduce two huge fan of yours , Lord angus and Lady Mary warley . lord warley my wife love you film , I do not really watch they . I remember the one about the piano though . you push it up that stair do not you . ( to lady warley ) have you see that one ? lady warley no . lord warley it 's very good they push this piano up the top of the stair you see , and it 's a long way , it go all the way to the top , and then the bloody thing go all the way down to the bottom again . and then you have get to push it all the way back up and would you believe it go down to the bottom again ? hardy yes , that 's what happen . lady warley be the piano damage ? hardy would you excuse we for a moment ? hardy steer laurel away . delfont ( to lucille and ida ) now I be be a terrible host - will not you please come and have a few nibble from the buffet before it all go ? lord warley they have get langoustine . have not see a langoustine since 1939 . + HH HH hhh fh 4 hhh HH hk % Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 69-69 a lucille and ida allow themselves - reluctantly - to be lead away by delfont . CUT to : hardy have find a quiet corner where he and laurel can talk alone . hardy what be that ida say about the elephant film ? be you still carry that around with you ? laurel oh you know how it be , sometimes I just like to let off a little steam . she do not really know what she 's sayin’ . hardy well that 's obviously what you think , because you be still talk about it with she . laurel this be a load of baloney - it 's just too silly for word . hardy you think this be all my fault because I go off and do a movie with someone else sixteen year ago ? be that what you think ? you be not there any more . you leave the studio . laurel I be fire . hardy because you be a pain in the ass . you would not negotiate with hal . I be under contract , I have to do that movie without you . laurel well , that 's not how I see it . hardy how do you see it Stan ? laurel well , if we be puttin’ we card on the table , the only reason we be in this situation be because when I be try to get a better deal with hal you be nowhere to be see . +e ff HH fh HH fh hf + HH HH + HH HH + HH HH Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 70 hardy I have no choice and you know it . I be break . laurel you do have a choice . you choose to spend you time at the country club or the race track . hardy we have a good thing go with hal but you have a big chip on you shoulder because you be not be treat like chaplin . laurel you be damn right . and you do not have the gut to ask for what we deserve . I be get a drink . CUT to : lucille and ida be walk around the buffet choose bit of food for themselves . lucille look ida , I do not want to fight , I just want to do what 's best for Babe . ida Oliver agree to tour . life be not easy - it do not come on dinner plate . lucille be you imply that Oliver and I be not hard work ? ida ( shrug ) you live in Hollywood . lucille so do you and Stan ! ida I may live in Hollywood but I be not Hollywood . lucille you be the epitome of Hollywood . ida misunderstanding . ida do not you pity I . % eh hhh eh fhf ff ff hhh % Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 71-71a lucille roll she eye at ida 's confusion . ida ( cont ’d ) I have work my whole life to get where I be . lucille well , I have a job . ida ( dismissive ) yes , script lady . lucille how 's you act career ? lord warley ( oov , from behind ) be not they marvellous ... lucille and ida turn around to see lord warley behind they , get some food for himself . lord warley ( cont ’d ) they just never stop do they . he gesture to laurel and hardy , gesticulate at each other animatedly . and , yes , from a distance it really do look like they be in a sketch . lord warley ( cont ’d ) so funny ... CUT to : hardy be rub he painful knee as laurel continue : hardy look , if you want to accuse I of try to get along with people then I be guilty . I be a actor . I do want people to like I , I want people to hire I . laurel you would not say boo to a goose . everybody love Babe . go and play a round with Babe - while I be sleep on a couch in the editing suite . hardy that 's the way you want it . you care about that stuff . I do not . * + h hk + h hk +e % Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 72-72b laurel you can not have - or you would not have go off and work with somebody else . I could not sleep for day when they tell I what you have do . hardy and I could not sleep when I do it . laurel but you still do it . you betrayed I , you betrayed we friendship . hardy friendship ? we be only friend because hal roach put we together . and the only reason we stay together be because the audience want it . I have real friend and yes , we play golf together and we go to ball game and we have sauerkraut with we bratwurst . laurel people will remember we film long after you have finish you hotdog . you know something ? you be just plain lazy Babe , and you be dead lucky because you meet I . hardy lucky !? to spend my life with a hollow man who hide behind he typewriter ? you be not a real person Stan . you be hollow . you be empty . laurel I love we . hardy well , you may have love we , but you never love I . laurel so what . es % + HH HH hk + h hk * + HH hk % hardy take the beret laurel give he from he pocket and throw it at he . it hit he in the chest and land on the floor . hardy start to leave . laurel pick up a bread roll , look at it , he throw it - CUT to : + eh * 67 68 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 73 - the bread roll hit hardy on the back of the head . he turn to look at laurel , hardy 's expression : ' really ? 's keeping he dignity , he decide not to retaliate , and he and lucille exit . we hear a smatter of applause . we CUT to see they have have a audience . lord warley bravo . ida approach laurel . int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 67 hardy be cooking hot dog in they tin ( from he stash ) over the fire in he room . lucille sit at a dress table brush she hair , get ready for bed . lucille what be you go to say to he ? hardy nothing . I have nothing to say . int . laurel 's savoy HOTEL room - night 68 laurel and ida sit next to each other on the bed . ida you be in big demand always . maybe Oliver hold you back ... maybe you do not need he anymore ? laurel ( beat ) you be right . + ok % Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 74 69 int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 69 hardy sit at the table eat he hot dog ; lucille be at the table with he but do not eat anything . lucille Oliver , I would go to the end of the earth for you , I would do anything for you , but I will not stand by and watch stanley put you ina wooden box and nail the lid shut . there , I have say it . I be sorry , but it 's true . hardy appear to come to a momentous decision . hardy you know , you be absolutely right . ( bite of hot dog ) just as soon as we have finish up here - 70 int . laurel 's savoy HOTEL room - night 70 it 's like laurel finish he sentence : laurel - as soon as we have finish we commitment here , that 's it . it 's over - 71 int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 71 now hardy finish Laurel 's sentence : hardy - I be do with he , once and for all . 72 int . foyer , savoy HOTEL - day 72 next morning . laurel walk up to the concierge . concierge you taxi be outside Mr. Laurel . laurel ( look around ) have you see Mr. hardy at all ? concierge he leave about fifteen minute ago sir . laurel he do ? by himself ? out on laurel . 73 74 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 75 ext . holiday camp , worthing - day 73 a classic 5as holiday camp . holidaymakers sit round a pool or on the grass eat sandwich . a open-air stage have be set up in front of the pool , a little band to one side . a banner tell we a ' bath beauty Contest 's will be judge ' in person 's by ' Laurel and hardy 's . the turn - out be impressive . int . tented area - day 74 a tent back stage area : laurel enter to find hardy already seat at the far end of the tent , avoid he gaze . laurel why do you leave without I ? hardy do not answer . a organizer enter at hardy 's end . organizer be there anything I can get you gentleman ? hardy would you be so kind as to get I a cup of tea . there be some tea thing on a table by laurel . organizer of course . laurel get up and start to pour himself a cup : laurel I will do it . hardy ( to organizer ) thank you , if it 's all the same I would rather you do it . for a split second she be confuse , then work out that all be not well between the boy . organizer of course . she go over to the tea thing and pour a cup out for he . hardy milk and four sugar please . the organizer stir in the sugar , take the tea up to hardy and hand it to he . hardy ( cont would ) thank you so much . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 75 ar organizer well I think it 's amazing that you two be still go strong , still do the same old material . a back -hande compliment , if ever there be one . laurel thank you . hardy ( look in a different direction ) thank you . 75 76 77 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 76 she note how the two man be obstinately and frostily turn away from each other as they sip they tea . deleted 75 ext . holiday camp , worthing - day 76 but now , in public , laurel and hardy be a picture of ( on - stage ) friendship and togetherness , seat at the judge 's table as a line up of bathing beauty file past they . slip into stage ' business 's with practise ease , hardy do a lot of simper and twiddle of he tie to the girl ; but when laurel do a goofy smile and wave to one of they a ' annoyed 's hardy slap he down . laughter - it all seem to be go well . int . tented area - day 77 late afternoon , the sun start to set . laurel and hardy be to the side of the stage , at the bottom of some step , out of view of the audience - and once again ignore each other . on stage photographer snap away as the three beauty contest finalist parade for the crowd . eventually : laurel I be talk to this fella about egg ... I know you be interested in egg . he say they get dry powder to supplement the ration . ( hardy ignore he ) you get a packet a month , same as twelve egg . do not taste too good , but you can make omelettes with it . ( still no answer ) that 's what he say . hardy I have nothing to say . laurel well I have nothing to say to you either . and you can forget what I just say ' cos I will not be repeat it . hardy good . laurel good . laurel get a nod from the organizer , cut the conversation short . a moment , then he bound up a few step onto the temporary stage . hardy go to follow he but pause on the step . laurel take the microphone to enthusiastic applause . Stan and Ollie - goldenrod revision 20.04.17 77 laurel ( cont would ) hello everybody . Mr. hardy and I would like to thank you for make we feel so welcome today here in worthing , one of my favourite seaside town ... applause . he see hardy , still on the step . laurel ( cont would ) do not forget we be appear next week at the lyceum ... ** he look to hardy , wait for he to join he - but he do not move . laurel ( cont would ) ticket still available . weak laughter . laurel ( cont would ) well all that remain be to crown today 's lovely winner - the organizer hand he a envelope , then the winner 's tiara . laurel give he back the envelope so he can take the tiara - realise he do not have the envelope so give he the tiara so he can take back the envelope . all good business and he 's get laugh , but still hardy do not join he . laurel ( cont would ) ( harsh whisper ) will you quit sulkin’ ? but hardy just do not move . laurel open the envelope . laurel ( cont would ) and the winner be ... the band strike up a fanfare ; laurel look to hardy , sure that he will now grab the envelope from he and read out the winner 's name himself . but hardy stare ahead , glaze eye , then sway and with a last , anguish look to laurel , lose consciousness - for real . he slump down the step and slide to the ground below . at first the crowd assume it 's part of the act and laugh - but when laurel jump down off the stage to tend he friend the mood become fearful and the music stop . a couple of redcoat push the crowd back . laurel ( cont would ) give he some air - please ! laurel help hardy into the recovery position . laurel ( cont would ) what be it Babe - what be it ? 78 79 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 78 hardy I feel faint Stan ... like somebody turn the light out . ext . savoy HOTEL , london - night 78 a taxi pull up outside the hotel and the taxi driver hurry round to help laurel get hardy - who look absolutely terrible - from the back of the cab . int . savoy HOTEL , london - night 79 laurel and the taxi driver get hardy inside . laurel ( to taxi driver ) thank you so much , I can take it from here with the Bell boy . watched with great amusement by a couple of bell boy , laurel go to hand the taxi driver a half crown . laurel ( cont would ) thank you so much this be for you . but he hand the taxi driver the money round the back of hardy , whilst the taxi driver go to receive it round the front . it 's entirely accidental and quickly correct , but the bell boy assume it 's a bit of impromptu entertainment . taxi driver ( now take the coin ) thank you sir . the taxi driver leave and laurel turn to the bell boy . laurel could you help I get Mr. hardy up to he room please , he 's not feel too good . but the bell boy think it 's a set up , and just smile at he . hardy almost fall and laurel have to grab he quickly to keep he upright . the bell boy just laugh - assume this be more ' business 's . laurel be get desperate : laurel ( cont would ) I need some help here ! the bell boy look at each other - neither want to be the butt of what they assume will be a prank . one of they wiggle he tie at they , ' hardy -style 's , wait to be entertained . laurel ( cont would ) no , I really ... 80 81 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 79 but , exasperate , he see they be not go to help he . and so - alone - laurel be force to stagger across the foyer to the elevator , use all he strength to keep hardy upright . as the elevator door open and laurel ease hardy inside , the bell boy still think something 's go to happen . laurel poke he head out before the door shut : laurel ( cont would ) I really do need some help you know . and the bell boy fall about laugh . he pull he head back in and the door shut . int . corridor , savoy HOTEL - night 80 the seriousness of hardy 's condition , and the poignancy of laurel have to help he friend all by himself , be bring home as we see laurel struggle desperately to get a semi - conscious hardy back to he hotel room , inching painfully along the corridor a step at a time until , finally , he manage to knock on he door . lucille - in she dress gown -— open it , see the state hardy be in and blanch . laurel he take a funny turn . int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 81 laurel and lucille get hardy to the bed and lay he down . lucille oh my goodness ... laurel we be about to go on stage and he say he be not feel too well , and he sort of collapse . lucille collapse ! lucille make a grab for the phone . lucille ( cont would ) I need to get a doctor right now . hardy ( weakly ) no doctor ... laurel I get he back here as fast as I could . 82 83 84 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 80 lucille you should have take he to a hospital - look at the state he 's in - laurel I try - lucille ( she get through ) - yes hello this be Mrs hardy in room 430 I need a doctor to attend to my husband right away please . ( listen ) Mr. Oliver hardy , yes . as lucille wait on the phone : laurel I be really sorry Lucille . lucille thank you Stan , I will take it from here ... laurel look miserably at he stricken friend on the bed , lucille on the phone . a moment then he turn and leave , shutting the door behind he . int . corridor , savoy HOTEL - night 82 laurel walk along in a daze , all the worry of the world on he shoulder . int . laurel 's savoy HOTEL room - night 83 laurel sit on the edge of he bed , loosen he collar and tie , dumbstruck . ida kneel at he foot , silently unlace he shoe and take they off for he . she look up at he , know there 's nothing she can say . int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 84 a doctor finish listen to hardy 's heart with he stethoscope . he listen intently , then remove the instrument from he ear and fold it up . doctor I can get you admit to hospital tonight - hardy no ! lucille Oliver do not be ridiculous . 85 86 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 81 hardy ( weak , distress ) I be not go to hospital . I be in the middle of a very important tour and we also have a movie schedule to go into production . I just have a funny turn . lucille Oliver please ! doctor Mr. hardy I believe you have suffer a mild heart attack today . I also believe that there be some evidence of congestive failure . lucille oh dear God , I know it - doctor if you will not admit yourself to hospital here , I suggest you go home as soon as you possibly can to seek specialist treatment in the United States . you can not possibly go on stage again in you current condition . hardy stare at he , dumbfounded . deleted 85 int . restaurant , savoy - day 86 laurel have meet with delfont for breakfast . he toy with he food , no appetite ; delfont again tuck in enthusiastically . delfont what 's the latest ? laurel Lucille will not let anybody near he . delfont so we can not expect he back any time soon ? laurel I do not think so . delfont shame , the advance London booking be very strong . everybody want to see you . the show 's a huge success . 87 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 82 laurel it 's not Babe 's fault he get sick . delfont of course not , of course not . he cut off a strategic slice of smoke salmon , wolf it down . a few moment 's silence , then delfont ' casually 's change tack . delfont ( cont would ) stanley be I right in think that before you team up with Oliver you work with other partner ? laurel well , I have lot of different partner in vaudeville yes , I once work with Charlie chaplin , but ... delfont and of course Oliver make he elephant film with a different partner ? laurel what 's that get to do with anything ? delfont oh .. I do not know , random think - there 's a very popular double act here call cook and Baker , I know they very well . cook be the hardy to Baker 's Laurel , if you see what I mean . ( take a sip of orange juice ) I be just wonder whether you might not consider try a couple of show with nobby cook , just to keep thing go until Babe can return ? laurel you mean , go on without Babe ? delfont no no . silly idea . delfont glance at laurel and can see he 's get he think ; that he 's plant a seed . int . corridor , savoy HOTEL - day 87 laurel walk nervously up to hardy 's hotel room . he knock . a moment , then lucille answer . she look at he coldly : Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 82a lucille please do not tire he out . 88 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 83 lucille grab she bag and exit . laurel go inside . int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - day 88 hardy be propped up in bed with pillow , look pale . he see laurel enter and give he a weak smile . laurel take he coat off , sit on the bed . laurel I get you a present . he pull two boil egg from he pocket and hold they out . hardy egg ? it look like Laurel be echoing the moment on stage when he visit hardy in hospital - but he 's perfectly serious . laurel I go down to the kitchen to see if they could spare any . cost I three shilling each . hardy take they , delighted . hardy I ‘’1l have one now if I may . he start to peel the shell off one straight away ; see laurel look enviously at the other one . hardy ( cont would ) go ahead . laurel need no further encouragement , and take the other egg , also start to peel it . laurel I ’1ll get you some more . the two man peel the shell off they egg contentedly . laurel ( cont would ) where 's Lucille go ? she could have stay , it be just a silly row about nothing the other day . just ... nothing . ( beat ) I get something to tell you Ollie - hardy ( overlap ) I be retire . laurel - about the movie ... what ? Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 84 laurel fall silent , cut off in mid-sentence . hardy the doctor 's tell I I can not go on with the tour , and I have promise Lucille I will not . laurel stare at he - no word will come out . hardy ( cont would ) so I be retire Stan . I have promise Lucille and that 's all there be to it . I be sorry . laurel I should never have make we take this tour . hardy je not regret rien . and you should not regret rien either . laurel can not you rest , and then we can start again when you be better ? hardy ( shake he head ) he 's tell I my heart will not stand it . I be go back home as soon as we can arrange a crossing . a long beat . hardy can see laurel 's find this so difficult . both of they hold they half - finish egg . laurel you be retire ... hardy yes. retire . hardy look at he friend , he head down , clearly devastate . hardy ( cont would ) I know how much this tour , and ... do the picture mean to you . laurel oh that 's ... forget . ( Long beat ) you be retire . it 's like he have to say it out loud again , as if this will somehow change thing . hardy can see he 's in distress . hardy ( beat ) what have you be work on ? Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 85 laurel what ? laurel take out a handkerchief from he pocket . hardy what new scene for the movie have you be work on ? laurel ( loudly blow he nose ) oh ... nothing really . hardy give laurel a hard stare . silence . finally laurel meet he gaze . hardy now be not you ashamed of yourself ? laurel what ? hardy lying to I , you oldest and dearest friend , here on my sickbe . laurel I do not know what you mean ? hardy I have not see you for two day , and you be try to tell I you have not be work on any new material in that time ? a beat , then laurel have to smile . hardy ( cont would ) come on then , out with it . laurel ( Long beat ) I do think of this romantic scene . you be pine for maid marian , who have be hole up in the castle by the sheriff of Nottingham - — laurel even feel sufficiently cheer to take another bite of he egg . through a mouthful he continue : laurel ( cont would ) - so we hear this sad violin music . hardy start to hum some sad , sweet tune to laurel . laurel ( cont would ) and it 's all too much for you , and you begin to cry . Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 86 hardy start to look upset as he hum , wiping away a ' tear 's . laurel ( cont would ) and the tear begin to fall . and they fall pretty heavy , splash down you cheek ... but I be not upset one bit and I do not know what to do , but you be cry so much ... so what I do be move a pot plant under you to catch they , so the plant get a good water , and it start to grow like crazy ... hardy slap he thigh and laugh , laurel be thrilled . hardy the prop guy can fix I up so the tear be like two little waterfall - it will be a riot ! that 's great Stan , that 's 1ll go big . as he laugh hardy be grip by another cough fit ; laurel quickly hand he a glass of water but hardy have to find he breath first before he take a sip ; he slump back against he pillow , exhaust . hardy ( cont would ) can you get I another blanket , I feel so cold . laurel grab another blanket and throw it over he . laurel you hand be like ice . he get under the blanket with he to warm he up , lie right next to he - just like they do in they film . laurel ( cont would ) there , be that better ? the two man lie together happily side by side , each envisage the ' pot plant 's scene - but know they 's 1l never get to perform it . a beat , then : hardy have you speak to delfont ? laurel yeh I see he this morning . they be both gaze up at the ceiling rather than at each other as they talk . hardy what would he say ? Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 87 laurel well he do not know you be retire of course but he ask I , since you be sick , how I feel about carry on the show with somebody else . hardy who ? laurel English comedian , call nobby cook . hardy that make sense . laurel I have not say I would yet . hardy turn to laurel . hardy why not ? you do not get sick . ( beat ) it 's for the best Stan . laurel yes . maybe it be . hardy return to gaze at the ceiling . hardy well , that 's it . I be retire , and you be go on with a new partner . laurel yes . that 's it . out on the two of they in bed together , accept the end . 89 int . palladium theatre , london - day 89 the auditorium be empty , a rehearsal in progress . nobby cook , 5as , not hardy 's size but a big , stout , northerner , be on stage lie on the bed in the hospital set we be now so familiar with . delfont bring laurel onto stage and introduce he to cook . delfont stanley can I introduce you to nobby cook , one of we finest music hall comedian . cook look nervous , but laurel shake he hand warmly . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 88 laurel very pleased to meet you nobby - I hear a lot of great thing about you . cook how do you do Mr. Laurel , I be a big fan of yours - watch all you film . laurel come on now , we will have none of that - I be Stan and you be nobby . I be look forward to work with you . cook thank you very much , very nice of you to say so . how 's Mr. hardy ? laurel oh he 's do fine , and send you he very best wish . cook that mean a lot to I . delfont this be terrific . you two be go to be just terrific together ... delfont allow himself a satisfied smile . laurel be try very hard to be positive . delfont ( cont would ) shall we have a run through ? cook if you like - it 's up to Stan . laurel ( beat ) why do not I go out and then come back in and we can run it from the top . delfont good idea . laurel walk back to the wing . he pick up a bunch of flower and a paper bag that have be put there for he . he see cook readying himself in the hospital bed , he leg in the plaster cast which be then hoist up on pulley . cook beltin 's this . guaranteed laugh here Stan . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 88a cook give laurel a smile and a thumb up , which laurel return , try to reassure he . cook then briefly run some line in he head , say they quietly to himself : cook what have you get there ? hard boil egg and nut . hard boil egg and nut ? do not be so daft ! what 's the matter with you - you know I can not eat they ... as we see laurel listen to he , we see he 's as uncomfortable about this as hardy be all that year ago ... Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 89 delfont ( oov ) ( cont would ) okay and ... cue stanley ! 90 int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 90 lucille feed hardy , laid up in bed , some soup from a bowl - like he 's a sick child . 91 ext . palladium theatre , london - night 91 that same poster tell we that ' Hollywood 's greatest Comedy couple 's be appear ; but a paste - on banner strip read : ' tonight feature nobby cook - the Lancashire hot - pot 's ... 92 int . dressing room , palladium theatre , london - night 92 laurel be alone in he dingy dress room , apply he usual pancake - white make up . something cause he to pause for a moment , deep in he thought . under this we hear : guard ( v.o. ) open up - we know they be in there ! maid marian ( v.o. ) Quick , hide ... 93 int . castle - day [ robin hood ' movie 's ] 93 a door be smashed open and half a dozen guard burst in . guard where be they ? maid marian I do not know what you be talk about . one of the other attract the guard 's attention , nodd to a curtain with two set of foot poke out from the bottom . the guard gesture amongst themselves to ' sshhh 's and creep over to the curtain . two of they draw sword , and ... guard a-ha ! a-ha ! so you think you can play that game do you - - they both stab viciously through the curtain at chest height . a moment 's confusion , then they pull the curtain back to reveal laurel ( stanley - a - Dale ) and hardy ( Friar hardy ) on they knee look up at they , shoe tuck under they like toulouse - Lautrec . [ note : the boy be physically in they prime , just like they look in ' Way out West 's ] . 94 int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 94 hardy , now alone in bed , smile , as if think to himself of the same piece of material . under this we hear : 95 Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 90 hardy ( v.o. ) we be on we way to give he a piece of my mind , be not we stanley ? laurel ( v.o. ) we sure be . hardy ( v.o. ) we have give he a piece of he too , but he do not have any to spare . ext . sherwood forest - day [ robin hood ' movie 's ] 95 and there be laurel and hardy , stand on one end of a log across a river run through the forest , attempt to cross . robin hood block they way . hardy be dress as ' Friar hardy 's in a cassock , he hair in a monk 's tonsure ; laurel be stand next to he , as ' stanley - a - Dale 's with a feather in he hat . again it 's the ' Robin Hood 's movie that do not happen , bring to life in Laurel 's imagination . robin hood and what , pray tell , have Robin Hood do to inspire such wrath ? hardy well , we have hear that he steal from the poor to give to the rich , be not that right stanley ? laurel be not that stupid ? that 's just robbing Peter to pay Paul - he 's get the whole thing the wrong way round . hardy exactly . we idea , you see , be to give to the poor by steal from the poor . and thereby cut out the middle man . laurel the rich need never be any the wiser . hardy precisely . so , if you have please stand aside we have important business afoot ... hardy step forward but robin hood bar the way with he staff , jabbing he in the belly with it . they look at each other , size thing up . Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 90a hardy ( cont would ) so that 's the way you want to play it ? laurel do not you hear what he say about he foot ? hardy I be warning you , I have get great stick work . + eh * 96 97 98 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 91 hardy take a sudden swipe at robin hood , who deftly avoid it ; he try another , same result . laurel position himself behind hardy and tap he on the shoulder . laurel watch he do not hit you on the leg . then robin hood bring he staff crash down on hardy 's head , snap it in half . hardy howl in pain , drop he staff , gingerly touch he skull . laurel , stand behind hardy , start to laugh . hardy get really annoyed with he because of this and punch he in the throat - make he tongue come out . laurel retaliate by punch hardy on the nose ; hardy howl with pain , they get into a shove match and hardy end up in the river . he sit in the water , spit some out of he mouth , wipe he eye . there 's some heavy flap from inside he cassock and he wriggle around until he pull out a huge salmon and throw it away . he look to camera , full of utter frustration with what he have to put up with , then he look up at laurel , on the log , stare at he blankly . hardy well , here 's another nice mess you have get I into . laurel spread he hand , guilty face , beginning of a ' cry '. int . dressing room , palladium theatre , london - night 96 laurel look at he reflection in the mirror , he face old and tired . there be tear in he eye . int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - night 97 on hardy in bed , tear roll silently down he cheek . lucille , she back to he as she write a letter , chatter away oblivious . lucille be not this so much nicer , all the worry go , just you and I relax together . I speak to mother today and she pass on she love , she 's knitting you a scarf ... int . palladium theatre , london - night 98 a decent-size audience be in for tonight 's performance . delfont take a seat next to ida , ready for the show . the light dim , the orchestra strike up a breezy introductory number . delfont look excited , eagerly anticipate this new partnership . ida look more nervous . 99 Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 91aa int . backstage , palladium theatre , london - night 99 laurel , in costume , wait in the wing to go on , he look through a crack in a curtain to check the size of the audience . we can see how anxious and troubled he be by what he be about to do . he turn , see cook get into the hospital bed and have he foot encase in the comedy plaster cast . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 91a as he turn to laurel , cook stroke a little hardy -style moustache he 's be give by the make - up department : 100 101 102 Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 92 cook what do you think Stan - I think I have try and look the part ? laurel return a nervous smile . laurel that 's fine . that 's fine . laurel make a cursory check of he heel and cuff , try to convince himself he 's perfectly fine with this . int . palladium theatre , london - night 100 delfont and ida wait patiently for curtain up . and they wait ... but it do not lift . some restlessness in the audience . what 's go on ? finally , after a few more moment , the orchestra stop and the theatre manager walk out on stage into a spotlight . theatre manager lady and gentleman , I be afraid due to circumstance beyond we control tonight 's performance have be cancel ... a large murmur of discontent . delfont look around at the full house , in despair . delfont cancell ! ida realize straight away what have happen . ida oh stanley ... deleted 101 int . savoy HOTEL bar - night 102 ida enter the bar . she see laurel , by himself , a tumbler of scotch in front of he , smoking a cigarette . she go over to he , sit down next to he . Stan and Ollie - Green revision 11.04.17 93 she gently take he cigarette and stub it out ; and as before take he scotch and drink it , to stop he drink it . laurel ( beat ) when you watch we movie , nobody else in the storey know we . and we do not know anybody either . it be just the two of we , the only thing we have be each other . and that be the way we want it . ( beat , look at she ) I love he ida . ida look at he and gently smile . she nod , accept he decision . ida we go home ? laurel nod . laurel do not tell Babe . tell he I be go to continue with the date in Ireland ... it have upset he to think of I cancelling the tour . ( beat ) I be sorry my darling ... 103 int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - day 103 lucille brushes she hair in front of a mirror as she chat away to hardy , who stare ahead , thoughtfully . lucille «+. the doctor think you should be well enough to travel tomorrow , which be wonderful . now I be go to go down and see if there 's any mail , and then the laurel will be stop by to say goodbye - I do hope it 's not go to rain today when that wind get up the chill cut right through to the bone ... 104 105 106 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 94 she stand up , final check of she appearance in the mirror - lucille ( cont would ) I will not be long papa . she kiss he on the forehead and leave . hardy , lose in he thought , do not say a word . int . laurel 's savoy HOTEL room - day 104 laurel sit in a chair , three pack suitcase nearby , ready to go downstairs . he concentrate gloomily on the door as ida flit about pick up the last few bit from the room . soon , when the Bell Boy come through that door , it 'il all be over . ida you have money for Bell Boy ? laurel nod . he look at the door . there 's a knock . ida ( cont would ) answer please I need bathroom . you give he five shilling only . no more . as ida disappear into the bathroom laurel haul himself up with a sigh , fumble through he pocket for change and open the door ... to find a fully dress hardy stand outside . he 's pale and a little unsteady on he foot , but he eye be clear and he expression determine . laurel look at he , speechless . int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - day 105 lucille let herself in . lucille one of the Bell boy down there , Raymond I think he name be , say to tell you he have a good tip for you on a horse ... she walk through to the bedroom . lucille ( cont would ) have you be gambling Oliver hardy ? she see the empty bed , hardy 's crumpled pyjamas on it . and instantly , she know what have happen . int . laurel 's savoy HOTEL room - day 106 laurel and hardy face each other over the doorstep . finally , hardy speak : Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 94a hardy come stanley , I believe we have some engagement to fulfil . 107 108 Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 95 on laurel , a long beat . then , he understand what this mean . he and hardy do not need to say any more , they just look at each other . int . hardy 's savoy HOTEL room - day 107 lucille sit on the bed , upset but not angry . deep down she know this be inevitable . ext . deck , steamer - day 108 the sun shine in a clear , bright sky but it 's brace up on deck . hardy be lie on a deck lounger wrap in a blanket , lucille next to he . ida and laurel ( wear he beret ) walk back to they from a trip around deck . lucille I think we should all get below now , out of this wind . ida dahling I agree . lucille Oliver ? will you at least listen to I about this ? or be you determine to catch pneumonia ? hardy I be enjoy the fresh air honey . Stan come and sit with I - you girl go ahead . lucille hesitates for a moment , not happy . laurel I nil bring he down . she nod , give laurel a smile . then she and ida depart . laurel take a beret from he pocket and hand it to hardy . laurel ( cont would ) here . think you might want this back . hardy look at he , smile , take back the beret he throw at Laurel during they big argument and pull it on he head . hardy thanks . laurel sit down next to he , take a pair of glove from he pocket and pull they on , finger by finger , carefully make sure each one be pull on tight . hardy watch with increase exasperation . then , finally : laurel Babe ... I lie to you . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 96 hardy ( stern expression ) what do you mean ? laurel there be no movie . ( beat ) miffin tell I a couple of week ago it have fall through . I guess ... nobody want a Laurel & hardy picture any more . ( a few moment as this sink in ) but if I have tell you straight away ... well maybe we could have finish the tour early and you would not have get sick . hardy ( beat ) you know two week ago that there be no movie ? laurel yes . and I be feelin’ terrible about it . on hardy , a long beat . then ... hardy Stan , I know . laurel what ? hardy I know . laurel why do not you tell I you know ? hardy I think you already know I know . laurel how could I know that you know I already know . hardy ( flounder for a moment ) what 's the next line ? laurel ' I think you already know I know , but you be pretend you do not know I know '. Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 96 a hardy thank you . laurel so if you know , why do you let I keep rehearse the movie with you ? hardy what else be we gonna do ? 109 110 111 Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 97 they exchange a smile . hardy pull he coat up around he neck against the cold . ext . cobh harbour - day 109 caption cobh harbour , Ireland the steamer head into cobh harbour , a old seaport on the southern coast of Ireland dominate by St. coleman 's Cathedral , tower over the quay from its hillside perch . we see foot , small foot - some with no sock , just in clog - run . we see child emerge from street corner to make they way down to the quayside - where a crowd be gather . ext . steamer , deck - day 110 the laurel and hardys make they way up out of the ship 's interior on to the gangplank , laurel with two big case and hardy just a small valise ( they old trick whenever they arrive somewhere ) . but they stop as they look out at the quayside . we now ... CUT to : - what they see : a huge crowd of people of all age have gather to greet they , stand patiently , silently . ida and lucille drop back so that laurel and hardy can walk down the gangplank together . once the crowd see they , the big guy and the little guy from the movie , a great cheer erupt . as they descend the gangplank hat be throw in the air and the crowd surge forward to greet they . then , just as they reach the bottom of the gangplank , something extraordinary happen . from the cathedral bell at the top of the hill , ' the dance of the cuckoos 's - the boy 's theme tune - be rung out from the bell tower . laurel and hardy look at each other , unable to quite believe what be happen . they both weep openly , amaze at the reception , at the warmth and love which engulf they . ext . olympia theatre , dublin - night 111 tonight 's performance by ' Hollywood 's greatest Comedy couple 's have ' sold out 's banner paste over the poster . 112 113 114 Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 98 int . olympia theatre , dublin - night 112 a full house , all age ; the audience impatient to see they heroes . we see lucille and ida in the front row , delfont next to they , beam with pride . his hand be clasped firmly together , a small sign of how nervous he be . of how much , deep down , he really do care about the boy . int . wing olympia theatre , dublin - night 113 hardy be have he leg hoist up in ' traction 's , laurel check he cuff and heel . they eye meet , and they exchange that nod . int . olympia theatre , dublin - night 114 the house light go down , a expectant hush . ' the dance of the cuckoos 's begin , curtain go up and there be the hospital room set , hardy in bed , leg in plaster . applause . laurel enter stage leave with the bunch of flower and paper bag and at the sight of the two man together there be renew applause , whistle and even cheer . laurel wait for it to die down . laurel hi Ollie , how be you ? hardy never mind how I be - what take you so long to get here ? laurel well they say no visitor so I say I be you son and it work like a charm . hardy my son ! you have a lot of nerve tell they I be you father . laurel I could not tell they you be my mother . hardy of course you could not . I have never even be marry ... Big laugh - the audience be loving it . hardy what have you get there ? laurel I bring you some hard boil egg and some nut . hardy look to the audience , exasperate , and they laugh . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 98a hardy now you know I can not eat hard boil egg and nut ! if you want to bring I something why do not you bring I a box of candy ? laurel well , they cost too much . hardy what have that get to do with it ? laurel and you do not pay I for the last box I bring you . laughter . laurel offer hardy the bag : laurel have one ? hardy no. I have rather not . ( to the audience , with disgust ) hard boil egg and nut ... laurel ignore he , take a egg out and start to peel it and eat it . hardy watch , incredulous , as Laurel pull a salt cellar from he pocket and sprinkle some on . we see delfont smile at what he see on stage but , as ever , twist he head round to make a quick mental calculation on the size of the house . Business be business ... 115 116 117 Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 99 we see lucille , next to ida . lucille be worried , but try to smile through it . ida seem calm . deleted 115 int . olympia theatre , dublin - night 116 the double door routine . hardy sweaty , but still on he foot , he and laurel 's timing slick as ever as one go in one door , the other emerge through another . int . backstage , olympia theatre , dublin - night 117 laurel and hardy , help by they dresser , hurriedly change into they batter suit and bowler for the finale . outside there be clap , cheer and whistling . as they wait in the wing , ready to go on , laurel be concerned with how exhaust hardy look - drench in sweat , breathless from the effort he 's put in already , struggle to even get on he jacket . laurel you look tired out Babe - why do not we just go out and say goodnight and finish it there ? we do not have to do the song ... hardy I be fine ... ( sudden think ) listen , I have this idea for the picture . how about I grab Robin Hood 's staff and go to hit you with that , but instead I knock down this bee 's nest and it land on my head ? laurel ( smile ) that 's a swell idea . that 'il go big . the ' dance of the cuckoos 's strike up out front , and the curtain start to open . hardy it be fun while it last , be not it Stan . Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 99r laurel smile , then wait for he cue . on that same note he walk out - only to be hook back by hardy - hardy ( cont would ) I ' 1l miss we when we be go . laurel so will you . now hardy walk out on stage , and laurel kick he up the ass as he go . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 100 118 int . olympia theatre , dublin - night 118 hardy and then laurel walk on together to a storm of clap and cheer ; they wait patiently for it to die down . hardy lady and gentleman we hope you have enjoy we bit of fun tonight , we have sure enjoy ourselves have not we stanley ? laurel we certainly have . hardy we will never forget the warm welcome we have receive here in Dublin . laurel not just Dublin , but the whole of Scotland . hardy Dublin be not in Scotland . laurel ( think ) I be wonder why we get on that boat . ( realise , whisper to hardy ) we must be in Ireland . hardy ( sarcastically ) we must be in Ireland ! another burst of applause . hardy we would like to finish tonight with a little dance ... hardy and laurel share a look . hardy from we film ' Way out West '. maestro ... stanley . then , just as lucille look like she 's about to pass out with worry , she feel ida 's hand reach for hers . she 's shocked . she turn to she , and ida smile . lucille smile back , and squeeze ida 's hand warmly , grateful that she 's there to support she at this moment . they both turn back to the stage , still hold hand . Stan and Ollie - yellow revision 31.03.17 100aaa on stage hardy , in that very proper way of he , extend a hand which be take by laurel - and now they be also hold hand . they bow to the audience then wait for the music cue . Stan and Ollie - Blue revision 24.03.17 100aaa as the orchestra start ' at the Ball , that 's all’ , the boy tap they foot , then begin they dance routine once again - and we be transport back to the magic of ' Way out West 's . in spite of hardy 's physical problem and illness , he light footedness be as exquisite as ever . and although both man be now look old , they grace and elegance defy they year . laurel match hardy every step of the way , the two dance together like the loving couple they most surely be . we finish behind laurel and hardy , silhouett against the light , look out at the audience . as they come together and hold each other 's hand , we freeze ... Stan and Ollie - pink revision 17.03.17 100a caption Laurel and hardy return to America after the tour , but they never perform together again . hardy 's health go into decline and , after a long illness , he die in August 1957 . Stan and Ollie - lock White shoot script 22.02.17 101 Laurel refuse all offer to perform without he old partner and go into retirement . but he continue write comedy material for Laurel and hardy right up until he death in February 1965 . the end