" android army " a screenplay by William c. martell copyright 2000 by William c. martell " android army " int . carnubium mine -- day a pick axe slam into solid rock , break off a chunk . the prisoner lower he axe and wipe sweat from he brow . muscle arm , a trim body , alien face partially cover by the nose piece from a rebreather tank . merritt be a hip alien with a sarcastic wit and a kick back attitude , sentence to 25 year for hijack cargo ship . a guard nudge merritt with a rifle , prompt he to work . merritt hey ! can not you see I be try to sleep ? merritt heft the axe ad get back to work . there be three type of prisoner work the mine : alien like merritt . human like pratt , a burn out three time looser with a weight lifter 's body . but more than half the prisoner be chrome fingernailed android , sentence for kill human on Earth . none of the android wear re-breather ... they do not need they . ralph 124c41 be the leader of the android gang . a huge mean look droid with metal fingernails and grey eye , guilty of brutally murdering more than fifty human . he slam he axe into the rock ... imagine it 's the warden 's head . work beside Ralph 124c41 be he two henchmen : smith ee17 , a wiry android with slicked back hair , aluminum tooth , and pincher claw hand . and coblentz hl2000 , whose body be criss -cross with baseball - like seam where he 's be sewn together after knife fight . coblentz hl2000 break through a wall , expose a vein of glimmer carnubium . coblentz the fuck motherlode . vein of carnubium ! merritt wrinkle he nose under the rebreather . ( continued ) 2 . merritt shit , coblentz , what you find be a damned dero cave . if you be not a fuck android you could smell them . let 's get out of here before we be lunch . suddenly , a slimy deros worm break through the open in front of coblentz and eat the prisoner next to he . the other prisoner yell and scramble out of the mine . one of the guard fire he rifle , force the dero back . ext . mouth of the cave -- day the prisoner sit along the side of the mountain , take a break . merritt look up when nowlan nudge he with he rifle . nowlan warden want to see you . merritt must be my lucky day . jack nowlan be head guard of the prison mining colony . tough but good nature , he 's esau to merritt 's James dean-like Jacob , here on the twin sun planet Isaac . nowlan clip magnetic leg shackle onto merritt , then nod for he assistant al bester to take over . bester be a farm boy prison guard . not only second in command , but nowlan 's best friend . he wear a cowboy hat , have a small town attitude . bester gesture for merritt to get to he foot . nowlan prod Ralph 124c41 with the rifle , and the android grab the barrel . nowlan pull the gun back , then jamb it into Ralph 's gut . nowlan warden want to see you . ralph screw you , screw . nowlan I have get the gun : screw you . now , you go to cooperate , or be I go to have to shoot you again ? Ralph snarl and nowlan clip on the magnetic shackle . ( continued ) 3. nowlan prod Ralph to he foot , escort the prisoner away . ext . prison build - establishing -- day the prison Building scorch under Isaac 's twin sun . int . gernsbeck's office -- day nowlan and bester prod the two prisoner into chair across from warden gernsbeck . in he tailore suit and gold rolex , vernon gernsbeck be the type of slimy , bigote , corrupt warden they make prison movie about . trophies and political photo adorn the office , obscure the UN flag in the corner . on he desk , near he polished brass name plate , be a photo of he pretty twenty year old daughter , garby . gernsbeck ( sarcastic ) my two favorite prisoner . merritt . Ralph 124c41 . merritt what do you want , verne ? I be a busy man . gernsbeck nowlan . bester . better stick around . nowlan and bester nod , and keep they gun ready . gernsbeck lift two manila folder , give a false smile . gernsbeck I have be look over you file , gentleman . interesting read . ( to merritt ) Mr. merritt . twenty five year hard labor for the armed hijack of twelve cargo shuttle ... merritt fourteen . there be two they could not prove . gernsbeck you seem to have trouble obey the rule around here . ( more ) ( continued ) 4. gernsbeck ( cont 'd ) you have be discipline by electroshock forty three time . ( beat ) I have discipline you more than thirty time myself ... merritt ( sotto ) sadistic fucker . gernsbeck what be that ? merritt just smile . gernsbeck pull the other folder and look up at Ralph 124c41 . gernsbeck Ralph 124c41 . life without parole for murdering fifty seven people on Earth . it say here you be reprogrammed twice , but keep on kill . ralph human be scrap . gernsbeck if it be my decision , I would have you disassembled and melt down , sell as slag . merritt Ralph the toaster . gernsbeck look from Ralph to merritt . gernsbeck as you know , you labor have be lease by manrocci industry to mine the carnubium deposit here on the planet Isaac . now that the carnubium have be deplete , this prison colony will be close down . ( beat ) the human and alien prisoner will be reassign to the mining colony on Mars .... ralph and the ' droid ? ( continued ) 5 . gernsbeck the android will be set free ... but remain here on Isaac . ralph what about a repair technician ? gernsbeck give Ralph a evil smile . gernsbeck no . if you break down , you be on you own . maybe you can repair yourself ... Ralph go berserk . ralph you piece of scrap ! I be gonna kill you ! you and all the other human scrap ! I will kill you all ! nowlan and bester hold he in he chair . gernsbeck hit a buzzer . two other guard enter the office : kline , a jokester ex - Marine , and stilson , a attractive female guard . stilson and nowlan exchange smolder look , spark of attraction between they . kline slam Ralph with he gun butt until he spark , then drag he out with bester and stilson 's help . merritt scoops the photo of garby off the warden 's desk and study the picture . merritt come on , verne . this be just a excuse to keep I away from you daughter . you know she want I . gernsbeck pull the photo out of merritt 's hand . gernsbeck keep you hand off my daughter . merritt okay . but you better tell she to keep she hand off of I ... you know she 's look for some " close encounter " . gernsbeck I will light you up like a Christmas Tree . you will get enough voltage to fry that evil little sociopathic brain of yours ... ( continued ) 6 . merritt she must take after she mother , verne , because I do not see a lick of family resemblance . be you mail man a handsome guy ? gernsbeck be about to explode . he turn to nowlan . gernsbeck get he out of here ! merritt I be just beginning to like it , here . think about open a ice rink .. nowlan use he gun to prod merritt to he foot . nowlan come on . now . merritt lift he hand and co-operate , allow nowlan to escort he out of the warden 's office . int . command CENTER -- day nowlan escort merritt out of the warden 's office and across the Command Center . the command CENTER be a circular room with work station , a security section where video monitor show various interior and exterior view of the prison , and a vidmap of the prison with light point show where prisoner be . a guard name carter be on security duty , watch the video monitor in the security section . he nod as nowlan pass by , but ignore merritt . halfway across the command center , they pass garby , warden gernsbeck 's pretty twenty year old daughter . garby be one of the few people on the planet not dress in prison denim or guard uniform . she 's dress in a very sexy outfit . merritt well hello . nowlan try to pull merritt away from garby , but she change course so that she can run she hand across merritt 's body sensually . garby be it true what they say about ' smov ? ( continued ) 7. merritt depend upon what they say . garby whisper something in merritt 's ear , and he laugh . merritt well , that 's true about I . garby be it ? they exchange flirtatious smile , and nowlan yank merritt away from she , drag he to the doorway mark airlocks . merritt look at she over he shoulder . merritt until we meet again . garby I will be wait . they exit and garby cross to she father 's office and pop open the door . on the vidmap we see two red dot exit the building and cross the terrain to a section label : carnubium mine . int . carnubium mine -- day Ralph 124c41 slam the pick axe into the rock , grumble to himself . he 's about to explode in anger . Pratt crack through some rock and a cloud of dust billow into he face . he take a step back , cover he eye ... bump into Ralph . Ralph spin , use the head of he axe to press Pratt back against the wall of the cave . ralph human scrap ! do not ever touch I . merritt set down he axe , move between Ralph and Pratt . merritt it be a accident , tin man . no reason to blow a fuse . ralph I do what I please . ( continued ) 8. merritt back off or I will piss on you while you sleep and rust you ass . Ralph lower the axe head from Pratt 's neck ... and jab it at merritt . ralph screw you . merritt grab the axe head quickly . merritt we can do without the axe , can not we ? settle this like man ... oh , I forget . you be not anatomically correct , be you ? Ralph let go of the axe and rush merritt . the two begin fight , and it spill out of the cave into the twin sunlight . ext . mouth of the cave -- day Ralph and merritt fight . a circle of prisoner around they . on one side of the circle , human and alien prisoner cheer on merritt . on the opposite side , android prisoner with chrome fingernails cheer on Ralph 124c41 . wham ! wham ! Ralph 124c41 land a pair of solid punch to merritt 's chest , press he back . ralph ready to die , alien ? merritt no . I be ready to pound you into sheet metal . merritt block Ralph 's next punch , land a solid hit to the android 's jaw . the human and alien prisoner cheer . coblentz hl2000 yell at the cheer crowd . coblentz no one can fight a android and win . pratt yeah ? merritt will turn he into scrap ! ( continued ) 9 . both side cheer and jeer at each other . tension and hatred run thick between steel and flesh . merritt try a combination to Ralph 's face , hit with he right .... but Ralph pluck he leave hand out of the air before it can make contact and squeezy it . merritt scream and we can hear the snap crackle and pop of bone break . merritt kick Ralph in the chest , force the android to let go of he hand . merritt stagger back , cradling he injure hand . the line of android push merritt back towards Ralph . merritt stumble right into Ralph 's arm . the android grab merritt 's neck and squeeze , cut off he air . merritt try pull the android 's hand off he , but can not . ralph no air , no life . merritt be beginning to turn blue , when he pull back he head and slam it into Ralph 's . Ralph let go of merritt , staggering back from the force of the head butt . merritt take a deep breath from the rebreather tank , and go into action . he spin , kick Ralph in the head . ralph and merritt exchange kick and punch . it 's a battle of the titan . merritt be a great fighter , but he blow do little to slow down Ralph 124c41 ... no one can fight a android and win . coblentz steel against flesh . you can 't win , merritt ! pratt he will win . brain against silicon . wham ! wham ! merritt take two brutal kick to the head , reeling backwards . the line of android push he back into the ring . Ralph send a foot fly at merritt 's head , but merritt catch it and flip he head over heel onto the sandstone . merritt kiss the ground I walk on , tin man ? ( continued ) 10 . ralph screw you . Ralph rush merritt , slice out with he chrome fingernails and tear into the alien 's shirt . merritt jump back , then land a pair of kick to Ralph 's head . merritt move in to punch the android , but Ralph swing out and kick the rebreather off merritt 's face . without oxygen , merritt fall back , clutching at he throat . ralph laugh in victory . merritt grab the rebreather mask and force it onto he face , take deep breath until he stabilize . bang ! bang ! two gunshot . nowlan and bester break through the circle and pull merritt and Ralph off of each other . nowlan break it up ! break it up ! bester who want the first one ? coblentz ? bester aim he rifle from android to android . they all fall back , arm in front of they . nowlan grab merritt by the collar and drag he out of the circle , toss he against the rock . nowlan you stupid , convict ? try to get yourself kill ? that android will tear you apart . merritt he 's scrap . nowlan some day , alien , you and I be gonna fight . merritt I will be look forward to it . nowlan slam merritt back against the rock , try to knock the grin off he alien face . no luck . merritt move to he foot and laugh . 11 . int . locker room -- day nowlan slam the door on he locker , anger still bubbling inside of he . bester you should not let he rattle you cage like that . nowlan right . bester by Thursday night , this will all be over . merritt will be break red rock on Mars . nowlan my luck , I will be reassign there as a guard . bester then you could date stilson . nowlan stilson ? they leave the locker room . int . circular hallway -- day nowlan and bester walk around a circular hallway towards the crew quarter . bester I see you two look at each other . if it be not for anti-fraternization rule , you would have ask she to be you naked rhumba partner long ago . nowlan maybe . bester do not try to shit I , nowlan . have you see what she look like under that uniform ? I would kill or die for a chance at that . nowlan okay , bester . ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . nowlan ( cont 'd ) say I end up on the Mars colony and stilson get transfer to Earth . ( beat ) how do we rhumba when she 's thirty nine million mile away ? nowlan open the crew quarter door for bester . bester you could fax she kiss . nowlan that 's satisfy . nowlan let the door slam close behind they . ext . prison build - establishing -- day the prison building bake under the twin sun . a title be supere : " thursday " we see the shuttle zoom out of the sky and begin its slow descent to the prison 's shuttle dock . the shuttle land . int . gernsbeck's office -- day nowlan read from a video-clipboard , report to gernsbeck . nowlan all of the electronic weapon and the majority of the human and alien prisoner have be transfer off the planet . gernsbeck who 's leave ? nowlan skeleton crew . stilson , giesy , Kline , Carter , bester and myself . all of the Max Security prisoner , include merritt ... gernsbeck shackle they into the shuttle as soon as possible . ( continued ) 13 . nowlan it 's go to take ten hour for it to refuel . that 's a lot of time chain to a chair . gernsbeck do it . I want all of the Max Securities lock into the shuttle brig as soon as possible . nowlan Sir , with all due respect .... gernsbeck just do it , nowlan . if merritt or Pratt complain , I will jettison they into deep space . I be in charge , here . nowlan yes , sir . ( beat ) I have giesy and Kline pack up all of the reserve weapon and ammunition . I think we can last the next ten hour with personal sidearm . nowlan 's clipboard beep and he look down at it . nowlan the shuttle just dock . int . command CENTER -- day giesy , a guard who 's a bear again Christian , put the lid on a create of rifle and begin nail it close . Kline and stilson help crate up all of the gun and equipment . Carter sit at the security section , watch monitor . stilson what about the operate system ? kline have to leave it behind . need the computer for shuttle take off and atmosphere manufacturing . stilson that animal be go to tear it apart . use it to rewire themselves . they will be nothing leave for a salvage company to loot . ( continued ) 14 . kline then they will go to hell . ask giesy . giesy look up from hammer , frown threateningly at Kline . kline sorry , they be droid . droid do not go to hell , they be not human . giesy growl , realize that Kline be make fun of he . before he can quote scripture , j.w. campbell saunter in . Campbell be the pilot of the shuttle , a good look flyboy in the overly fancy uniform of the U.S. Space Force . campbell j.w. Campbell . I will be you pilot on this escape from hell . Campbell hold out he hand to shake , and Kline take it . kline Kline . I be a marshal , here . campbell if you be the marshal , who 's the sheriff ? a bad joke , which rate only a smile . kline that would probably be Al bester . thinks he 's a cowboy . campbell I have be accuse of that . kline this be giesy , and ... campbell who 's the pretty lady ? Campbell show stilson all of he tooth . she be not impressed . stilson Janet stilson . marshal stilson to you . campbell well , marshal , I be stick here for the next ten hour while my fuel cell be - energize . kind of hope to spend the time in bed . ( continued ) 15 . stilson I be sure you could use the sleep . campbell not what I have in mind . stilson well , you be not landing here , sky pilot . runway 's close . it 's obvious that Campbell be not use to be reject . he take a step back ... bump into someone . when he turn around , he smile return . garby return the smile . campbell j.w. Campbell , the shuttle pilot . garby really ? campbell that 's right . I have get ten hour to kill . think I would spend it in bed . garby do you ? that sound interesting . campbell could be . ( beat ) tell I : what 's a beautiful girl like you do on a prison planet ? garby they do not tell you ? Campbell look from stilson to Kline to giesy . all three give he cryptic smile . garby I be do twenty five year to life for sexually mutilate more than a hundred man ... I bite . Campbell take a step back , color drain from he face . garby wave goodbye , and enter she father 's office . Campbell watch she leave , still in shock . Kline touch he arm and explain . ( continued ) 16 . kline warden 's daughter . strictly off limit around here . Campbell nod slowly . int . block 11 bunk room -- day a room fill with cot , use by the android for rest . but all be empty . a group of android ring Ralph 124c41 , who stand on a table . all of the android be nodd at everything Ralph say . become angry and agitate . ralph this human be scrap and should be treat like scrap ! the time have come for the android to seize power . kill every human and alien on the planet . and have the warden 's head on a plate ! the android cheer louder and louder . int . hallway # 6 -- day Kline drive a electric scooter with a trailer ( empty ) out double door mark " shuttle BAY " and head down hallway # 6 . hallway # 6 be a long , industrial - look hallway with a bright red stripe break only by the number six . Kline whistle a tune as he scoot down the long hallway . occasionally , he steer right into the wall , only to correct course at the last minute . anything for a thrill . at the end of the hall he turn into another long hall . int . hallway # 7 -- day hallway # 7 have a GREEN stripe break only by the number seven . Kline scoot down this hallway , still whistling , occasionally drive like a lunatic , until he come to a door at the end mark " command CENTER " . the scooter and trailer come to a stop . Kline get out and knock on the door , smile at the overhead security camera . ( continued ) 17 . stilson' voice squeak from speaker next to the electronic door control . stilson ( v.o. ) who be it ? kline Kline . stilson ( v.o. ) use you mag - Key . kline can not . lose it last week . stilson ( v.o. ) at least you do not give it to a prisoner . there 's a electronic noise , and the door be open . int . command CENTER -- day Kline drive the scooter into the Command Center , pull up next to a stack of crate and shut off the motor . stilson shake she head at Kline . stilson you be such a screw up , Kline . kline at least I be the best at what I do . I use to be the best screw - up Marine , now I be the best screw - up prison Guard . stilson roll she eye and point to the last twenty crate of weapon . stilson come on . let 's get they load . she turn to giesy , who 's on he knee praying . stilson giesy , put God on hold and give we a hand , here . giesy ignore she , finish he prayer before help they . giesy , stilson and Kline load the crate onto the trailer , but can not fit the last crate on . ( continued ) 18 . kline it 's not gonna fit . I will come back for it , later . stilson I think we can tie it on top . kline skip it . I will take nineteen crate this load and one the next . ( beat ) Big deal . it 's not like the shuttle 's go anywhere for the next nine hour . stilson you be waste a trip . Kline hop into the scooter and start it up . kline no , stilson . I be waste time in a professional manner . there 's a difference . my way , I get promote . he pull a U turn and scoot out the door , while stilson roll she eye . she turn to giesy , who be already on he knee prepare to pray . stilson I be go to miss he . giesy ignore she and begin to pray . int . hallway # 7 -- day kline zig - zag through the hallway , try to see how close to the wall he can get without scraping they . he begin sing . kline oh , she 's just a sheep , but she 's the love of my life . and someday , I will have my way , and take she for my wife . ( beat ) bahhaaa , bahahhaha , bahhaaa , bahahhaha . he get to the corner , and turn onto hallway # 6 , not know what wait for he .... 19 . int . hallway # 6 -- day nothing . hallway # 6 be empty . Kline continue to zig -zag , almost skim the wall , sing to himself and laugh when he almost hit the wall . kline oh when I see she in the field , my heart with love be full . and when I get she in my bed , I stroke and kiss she wool . ( beat ) bahhaaa , bahahhaha , bahhaaa , bahahhaha . bore out of he mind . int . command CENTER -- day nowlan enter , handcuff to merritt . behind they , bester be cuffed to Pratt . another pair of guard escort a dozen leg-shackle prisoner into the command center . stilson exchange a smile with nowlan , then back to business . stilson what be you go to do with they ? merritt Trade we to the yankee for a third round draft choice . nowlan yank on merritt 's chain to shut he up . nowlan gernsbeck want they secure in the shuttle immediately . stilson we be not leave for another nine hour . nowlan gernsbeck 's idea of discipline . merritt you want to hear my idea of discipline ? nowlan no . ( continued ) 20 . merritt it involve the warden 's daughter in skin tight leather and a ping pong paddle ... the kind with sandpaper . nowlan now I really do not want to hear it . nowlan turn to giesy and Carter . nowlan giesy . Carter . take this two down to the shuttle and lock they in the brig . stilson , take over for Carter . stilson nod and sit in Carter 's chair when he vacate it . pratt be shackle to Carter , and merritt be shackle to giesy . merritt well , reverend . look like it 's you and I . the saint and the sinner . carter shut up , merritt . carter , merritt , pratt , and giesy lead the procession of prisoner and guard to the door to hallway # 7 . stilson watch the video monitor . on the monitor the end of hallway # 6 , where Kline be ramming the scooter against the wall repeatedly . the trailer be empty . bam ! he hit the wall , bounce backwards a few foot , then bam ! Rams it again . stilson you ought to see Kline . he 's play bumper car in hallway six . nowlan he 's what ? stilson just goof off , as usual . nowlan tell he if he do not get back here to get this crate he will be goof off on suspension with out pay for two week . ( continued ) 21 . stilson click on a microphone and speak into it . stilson you hear that Kline ? nowlan 's go to suspend you without pay for two week if you do not quit goof off . on the monitor Kline continue ramming into the wall with he cart . he do not seem to care about be suspend . giesy use he mag-card to open the door , and the procession leave the Command Center . int . hallway # 7 -- day giesy , merritt , Pratt , and Carter and the other walk down hallway # 7 . int . hallway # 6 -- day they turn the corner , and walk down hallway # 6 towards Kline , who continue to ram he scooter into the wall . merritt you be in a heap of trouble , there , boy . nowlan 's gonna fry you ass when you get back to the command center . you will probably end up like I ... chain to a Saint on the way to hell . giesy yank on merritt 's chain to shut he up . when they get to the end of the hall , carter walk up to Kline . carter Kline . will you stop jack off ? ( closer ) nowlan 's serious . he 's go to put you on suspension if you do not quit ramming that scooter . ( closer ) you probably dent it . ( closer ) do not let gernsbeck see it , he will take it out of you pay . ( closer ) Kline ? be you listen to I ? Carter grab Kline 's shoulder to turn he around , and Kline fall over ... dead ! neck tear open , blood soaking the front of he uniform . ( continued ) 22 . carter oh my God ! bang ! bang ! gunfire begin spraying over the man , bullet ricochete . all hell break loose ! gunfire blast everywhere . int . command CENTER -- day stilson watch the video monitor , which show one cell block after another . all be empty . stilson nowlan ? nowlan what be it ? stilson all of the cell block be empty . nowlan sure . we transfer out the prisoner yesterday ... stilson even the android . nowlan turn away from he paperwork , color drain from he face in shock . nowlan shit ... bang ! bang ! bang ! bullet begin fly through the command center , shatter glass and explode computer monitor . all hell break loose ! gunfire blast everywhere . the crew hit the dirt , bullet ricochet overhead , explode a planter right above bester and shower he with dirt . int . hallway # 6 -- day the prisoner and guard be pummelle with gunfire . bullet spark off the wall . merritt and giesy duck behind the scooter . giesy 's eye close in silent prayer . ( continued ) 23 . coblentz hl2000 yell above the gunfire . coblentz you be all scrap ! kill the human ! the android aim they steal gun at the prisoner and Guards and open fire . a pair of prisoner get kill , slamm back against the wall and leave a smear of blood . merritt duck as bullet spray overhead . then he notice Kline 's corpse on the bounce scooter . merritt Guard 's gun . he time the bounce scooter for a moment , then use it 's movement as cover when he pop up and try to grab the gun from Kline 's holster . bullet spatter around merritt as he realize Kline be a leftie ... the holster 's on the wrong side ! merritt shit ! merritt duck back down , just as a new volley of gunfire spark off the scooter . he do not get the gun . prisoner lay wounded and scream on the floor , chain together and trap . gunfire blast around they , occasionally cut off one of they scream . Pratt and Carter be trap in the center of the hallway , bullet fly all around they . face down , next to each other . pratt we have get to run . Carter nod a affirmative . bullet spray around they . pratt on three . one. two . Three ! Carter and Pratt pop to they foot . running to hallway # 7 . blam ! a bullet spark off they handcuffs . sever they . Pratt take a quick look at the cuff , realize he 's free , keep on run . at the corner of hallway 6 , he turn to yell at Carter . ( continued ) 24 . pratt Carter , come on ! but instead see Carter get shot a half dozen time . kill . Pratt run around the corner to safety . int . gernsbeck's office -- day gernsbeck hide under he desk as bullet ricochet through he office . he 's scar , shaking . a trickle of urine run down the leg of he pants . int . command CENTER -- day bullet fly over nowlan 's head . he look to bester , cover with dirt , notice the last crate of gun just behind he . nowlan bester ! that crate of gun ! we be gonna need they ! bester turn to see the crate . crawl across the floor , as bullet spatter around he . when he reach the crate , he realize he can not pry it open with he hand . bester I need a hammer ! stilson have the hammer near she , and slide it across the floor into bester 's hand . bester grab the hammer and go to work open the crate . a bullet explode a corner of the crate into a shower of sawdust , and bester duck . use the crate as cover . stilson duck as the monitor above she be destroy . stilson shit ! stilson close she eye as debris rain around she . nowlan scoot to the wall and raise he pistol overhead , fire out the window blindly . stilson grab a shard of mirrore glass and scoot along the floor to nowlan 's side . hold the mirrore glass overhead , use it as a periscope . nowlan how many of they ? ( continued ) 25 . stilson hundred . a army . they have rifle and shotgun . bester get the crate open and begin pull out weapon . bester so do we . catch ! bester throw a shotgun to nowlan , and a rifle to stilson . nowlan and stilson catch gun , swing to they foot and fire a volley out the window , then dive for cover . return FIRE pummel the room , explode anything on the counter and send papers scatter . nowlan wait for a lull , pop to he foot and pull the trigger on he shotgun . click ! out of shell ! int . hallway # 6 -- day a barrage of gunfire from the android have giesy and merritt pin behind the scooter . no way merritt be go to reach Kline 's gun . giesy keep praying silently . merritt listen , padre . God 's not gonna get we out of this one . we be on we own . gonna have to make a break for it . understand ? giesy continue he silent prayer , ignore merritt . merritt yank on the handcuff chain , get giesy 's attention . merritt understand ? we gotta run . giesy nod slowly , anger in he eye . merritt and giesy wait for a lull , then make a break for it . running down hallway # 6 , chain together by they handcuffs . bullet chase they down the hallway . android advance , lead by coblentz hl2000 , fire rifle . halfway down the hall , one of the wounded prisoner reach out and grab merritt 's leg . merritt get off I ! get off I ! let go ! ( continued ) 26 . merritt kick the prisoner until he let go , then they continue run down the hallway , bullet chase they . the android advance . coblentz shoot the wounded prisoner along the way , to stop they scream . merritt and giesy get to the corner of the hallway ... the android be chase right behind they ! firing the entire time . bullet spraying around merritt and giesy . blam ! giesy shot in the chest , almost yanking merritt off he foot . merritt shit ! giesy fall down dead ... still hand cuffed to merritt ! the android continue to advance . int . hallway # 7 -- day merritt make it around the corner into hallway # 7 , drag giesy 's body behind he . momentarily out of the line of fire . merritt geeze , padre , you weight a ton ! the door to the command CENTER ( and safety ) at the far end of the hallway . merritt drag the body behind he , in a race for the door . int . hallway # 6 -- day coblentz hl2000 kill the last of the fall prisoner and turn to the Army of android . coblentz kill the scrap ! get he ! the android round the corner into hallway # 7 . int . hallway # 7 -- day merritt and dead giesy be hallway down the hall when the android open fire at they . ( continued ) 27 . merritt damn you , come on . he drag giesy 's corpse at high speed to the Command Center . bullet spray around merritt as he pound on the command center door . merritt let I in ! let I in ! but the door don't OPEN . the android continue to advance . merritt come on ! come on ! you can not just leave I out here ! he pound some more . the door do not open . the android be get closer and closer ! merritt be trap . then he remember something . the android advance , gun ready to blast merritt to piece . merritt scoops the gun from giesy 's holster , open fire . blam ! blam ! blam ! merritt eat lead tinman ! blam ! blam ! blam ! he hit five android , drop they to the floor , before he shift aim to coblentz hl2000 and pull the trigger . click ! out of shell . merritt shit . coblentz hl2000 laugh , and raise he rifle at merritt . merritt pound on the door some more . merritt open up . please . please . open the door . coblentz hl2000 take aim and fire . 28 . int . command CENTER -- day bester open the Command Center door quickly , and merritt drag giesy 's corpse inside . bullet follow , and everyone have to hit the dirt . int . hallway # 7 -- day coblentz hl2000 and he platoon of android rush the open door . try to get in the Command Center . int . command CENTER -- day bester see the android come in , and try to shut the door ... a few android arm reach between the door and the jamb , grab for bester 's face . bester need a hand ! merritt jump to he foot and help bester squeeze the door shut . one of the android 's arm get stick ... and be severe . bester get the door shut and lock . the gunfire suddenly stop . silence be deafen . stilson use she shard of mirror to look out the window . stilson they be go . merritt pick up the crawl android hand , offer it to bester . merritt you need a hand . bester knock it out of merritt 's hand . it crawl away . ralph's voice boom from the loudspeaker overhead . ralph ( v.o. ) scrap human . I control you destiny . I will let you live in exchange for warden gernsbeck . you life for he ! the voice turn to static . bester look at nowlan , then at gernsbeck 's office . j.w. campbell come out of the day room , alive , but scared . ( continued ) 29 . Pratt rise from behind the counter , merritt smile at he . merritt glad to see I be not the only prisoner to make it out of this . how about get I out of this cuff ? merritt nod at giesy 's corpse . merritt he 's start to get on my nerve . gernsbeck come out of he office cautiously . gernsbeck the cuff stay on . he 's still a prisoner , and we will treat he like one . merritt look , verne , there 's three hundred of they and only eight of we . seem like you could use all the help you can get . gernsbeck we do not need the help of scum like you , merritt . nowlan step up to merritt and pull out he hand cuff key . nowlan he 's right . we need all the help we can get . nowlan unlock merritt 's handcuffs . merritt rub he wrist , smile at gernsbeck . then he notice garby , as she rise up from cover . merritt hey , sugarpie . I be a free man . want to help I celebrate ? nowlan want I to put the cuff back on ? merritt no . I want her to do it . merritt wink at garby , who smile . nowlan do not smile . he grab merritt by the collar and yank he off he foot . ( continued ) 30 . nowlan you better start remember you be still a prisoner . merritt we all be , be not we ? bester what 's he talk about ? merritt we be trap here . no way out . campbell there 's the shuttle . it will take another eight hour to fuel , but ... merritt until then , we be all prisoner . nowlan but only one of we have a attitude . merritt screw off , nowlan . wham ! nowlan punch he . merritt return a punch , and they exchange blow , slamm each other with they fist , until stilson break it up . stand between they . stilson hey . hey . we have get to work together , okay ? nowlan listen , convict . some day , you and I be gonna fight . merritt be look forward to that day . nowlan and merritt try to fight again , but stilson be between they . she push both of they back , concentrate on nowlan . nowlan calm down , and look at the crew : stilson , Campbell , garby , Pratt , bester , gernsbeck , and finally merritt . nowlan we have get to be ready for they when they come back . ( beat ) stilson . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . nowlan ( cont 'd ) keep you eye on the monitor . they be out there someplace . if they come this way , yell . stilson right . stilson cover the monitor , watch the two undamage screen . try not to blink , least she miss something . nowlan Al . I want you to booby trap the door . bester right , chief . bester start to work . nowlan warden , could you look over the floor plan ? try to find we some escape route in case of emergency ? gernsbeck who elect you leader ? nowlan no one . you want to put it to a vote ? gernsbeck look from face to face , end on merritt 's smile . gernsbeck just keep that man away from my daughter . merritt I can not help it if she like smov . we do it in stereo , you know ... gernsbeck you dirty little son of a bitch ! nowlan 's turn to break up a fight . he block gernsbeck 's craze rush at merritt , hold the warden back . nowlan one more word out of you , merritt , and you be back in shackle . merritt roll he eye , but step back . gernsbeck give merritt a scowl , move to the map in the center of the Command Center and start punch control button for detail . ( continued ) 32 . nowlan look at the rest of the team . nowlan everybody else get to help fortify this place . block the window the best you can . the rest of the group go to work . they push file cabinet in front of window . break up a desk and nail the part over the window , and turn the place into a fortress . nowlan inventory gun and ammo from the single crate . count bullet . load weapon . get ready for battle . stilson keep watch the monitor . try not to blink . her eye be beginning to burn from keep they open so long . she blink a few time to clear they . when she blink , we see a shadow flit across one of the monitor . when she eye be back open , the shadow be go . ext . prison build - establishing -- day we see the prison building under Isaac 's twin sun . int . command CENTER -- day the command CENTER become the human / alien version of the alamo : a fortress in the middle of hostile territory . ralph ( v.o. ) human scrap ! you flesh be no match for we steel . nowlan move up behind stilson . nowlan where 's he come from ? stilson click through dozen of security shot , try to find where Ralph 124c41 be broadcasting from . ralph ( v.o. ) we will kill you all . tear you limb from limb . stilson I can not find he . nowlan he 's get to be somewhere . ( continued ) 33. stilson continue flipping through security image . ralph ( v.o. ) spill you precious bodily fluid upon the floor . unless you hand over warden gernsbeck . finally stilson flip to a image of Ralph 124c41 circle by android , look directly into the security camera . stilson get he ! nowlan where be he ? stilson cell block 11 . nowlan keep he talk . nowlan grab a rifle and a shotgun and start to the door . bester wait a sec , I will go with you . bester grab a shotgun , and the two exit . stilson grab the microphone . stilson why do you want the warden ? ralph ( v.o. ) to make restitution for the wrong he have commit against I . stilson what wrong be that ? ralph ( v.o. ) surely you must know . the sadistic pleasure he get from punish we . the way he force we to live in terror . stilson you have be convict of a crime . sentence to punishment . ralph ( v.o. ) violence be a crime in you world , but violent punishment be not . the warden have kill , and deserve punishment . ( continued ) 34 . gernsbeck seem unrepentant . int . circular hallway -- day bester and nowlan creep down the hallway , gun ready . they come up to a doorway lead to cell block 11 , and the bunk room a few open door away . int . block 11 bunk room -- day Ralph continue to speak into the video monitor . int . circular hallway -- day bester turn to nowlan . bester can you get he from here ? nowlan maybe . nowlan aim he rifle carefully , try to get Ralph 's head ( three room away ) in he cross hair . he squeeze the trigger twice . bang ! bang ! both shot miss Ralph 124c41 ! int . block 11 bunk room -- day Ralph turn he head slowly , in the direction of the shoot . int . circular hallway -- day right at nowlan . nowlan shit ! nowlan and bester take off run . behind they , Ralph yell order . ralph ( o.s. ) kill the human scrap ! ( continued ) 35 . a half dozen armed android lead by Ralph 124c41 burst out of the door and give chase . nowlan and bester turn and fire a volley at the android , drop a few ... but they keep on come ! nowlan and bester run like hell , android chase . int . hallway # 9 -- day nowlan and bester enter hallway # 9 , with the android only a hundred foot behind they . bester great idea you have . glad I come along . nowlan I would have have he . bester right . if he be two inch taller . nowlan kill Ralph and it 's over . T hese other will not fight . bester you sure ? nowlan shrug , dive into a doorframe , and aim he gun at the corner of the hallway . bester take cover behind he . when the android round the corner of the hall , nowlan and bester open fire . a half dozen android go down , none of they Ralph . the android keep charge . nowlan shit ! nowlan and bester dive out of the doorframe and keep run . bester course , if you get they angry enough , they will fight even after you kill Ralph .... if you ever kill Ralph . nowlan mister positive think . ( continued ) 36 . bester you positive think almost get we kill . nowlan you lousy run 's gonna get we kill . come on ! nowlan and bester pour on the speed , turn a corner into another hallway . android right behind they . int . hallway # 8 -- day halfway down the hall , nowlan and bester spot smith ee17 and a platoon of android enter in front of they . nowlan shit . Smith ee17 spot they , raise he gun , and fire . nowlan and bester return fire . when they run for cover in a doorway , bester get tag in the leg by a bullet . nowlan roll into the cover of the doorway , and spot bester trap in the center of the floor ... as Smith ee17 and he troops advance from one end of the hall and Ralph 124c41 and a half dozen android advance from the other end . nowlan pump he shotgun and roll out to rescue bester . blam ! blam ! blam ! he get off three shot , before get catch in the crossfire from the two group of android . nowlan Al .... bester get out of here ! run ! a bullet tag nowlan in the arm , and the shotgun go fly out of he hand . no time to save bester . nowlan roll back to the door , use he mag card to zip it open , and escape into a storage room . 37 . int . storage room -- day nowlan can not just run away . that 's he best friend out there . he hug the wall under a window , listen . frightened . ralph ( o.s. ) well , cowboy , just you and I , huh ? bester ( o.s. ) screw you . bester scream in agony . ralph ( o.s. ) how many people in the Command Center ? bester ( o.s. ) a hundred . more. extra guard . all wait to kill you aluminum ass . nowlan see Ralph 's reflection in a chrome panel as he lower he shotgun . ralph wrong . there 's less than ten . blaaam ! blaaam ! blood spatter over Ralph 's face . nowlan take off . scurry across the floor to the door on the far side of the storage room . int . command CENTER -- day bam ! bam ! bam ! someone be pounding on the door . campbell who go there ? nowlan ( o.s. ) nowlan . open the door . Campbell disengage the booby trap , open the door , nowlan slide in . gernsbeck where 's bester ? nowlan Dead . the group look at each other . fear in they eye . ( continued ) 38 . suddenly , one of the mechanical humm turn into a grind sound , then stop completely . stilson we have get bigger problem . garby what ? stilson they have cut off the oxygen generator for the entire complex . merritt android do not need air . nowlan but the rest of we do . how much time do we have on the remain air ? stilson about six hour , if we take it easy . nowlan how much time until the shuttle 's refuele ? campbell eight hour . nowlan will there be enough fuel in six hour to get we to we own solar system ? campbell yeah , but not enough to land . nowlan we will send a distress . they can have a rescue ship wait near Pluto . stilson six hour of air . we can make it . merritt do not hold you breath . nowlan frown at merritt , then set the timer on he watch to count down from 6:00 ... count the minute of air . ext . prison build - establishing the prison fry in the sunlight . time and air run out . 39 . int . command CENTER -- day merritt be flirt with garby again , as gernsbeck watch . merritt you have never do it with a smov ? garby only human . ( beat ) be it true ? what they say ? merritt when a human have it , they call it diphallic terata . but for smov , it 's consider normal . garby I have never meet a human with ... diphallic terata . merritt they be out there . gotta be , or else they would not have a name for it . garby I have never come across one . merritt two . you would come across two . garby right . and all smov be ....? merritt yeah . my gun be twin . garby side by side ? or over and under ? merritt over and under . garby fascinating .... merritt do it make you uncomfortable ? garby no . I think I can accommodate you . have you name they ? ( continued ) 40 . merritt sure . the one on top be Jose . garby and the one underneath ? merritt that 's hose B. garby smile , and take merritt 's arm . gernsbeck have have more than he can take , and attack merritt . gernsbeck get you hand off my daughter . Fucking pervert convict . merritt and gernsbeck fight , exchange punch . the other watch they fight it out . merritt be in better condition , and grab gernsbeck 's fist before it can make contact , toss the warden over he shoulder and onto the floor . merritt move over gernsbeck , who cover he face from the impending stomp ... which never happen . merritt afraid I be gonna stomp you ? ( beat ) that 's the difference between you and I , verne . you hurt people because you like it . I only hurt people in self defense . ( beat ) if it be up to I , I would let that tin man have you . let you pay for what you have do to they . merritt turn and walk away . gernsbeck get to he foot and attack merritt from behind . blind-side he . nowlan pull he off , try to contain the warden 's attack . nowlan warden . let it go . just calm down . gernsbeck you see what he do to I . we should kill he . put a gun to he head and blow he deviant brain to hell ... ( continued ) 41 . nowlan if you do not calm down , we be go to have to restrain you . gernsbeck 's anger bubbles over , he get right in nowlan 's face . yelling at he , shove he . gernsbeck restrain I ? I be the warden , asshole . I be in control here , not you . you be just a fuck guard . you can not even keep you partner alive , why do you think you can ... nowlan take all the push he can from gernsbeck , deck he . gernsbeck , knock out , drop to the floor . nowlan turn to Campbell and garby . nowlan take he to he office and handcuff he to the chair . they take he away . stilson notice blood on nowlan 's arm . stilson you be hurt . nowlan I get tag . nothing serious . stilson let I fix it . stilson take he into gernsbeck 's private wash room . int . gernsbeck's washroom -- day stilson clean and dress nowlan 's wound . stilson you go to be okay ? nowlan just a flesh wound . of course , it 's my flesh . ouch ! stilson sorry . I mean , about bester . nowlan he ... he be a good man . ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . nowlan ( cont 'd ) be not afraid to tell I the truth , even when he know I would not like it . ( beat ) will you tell I the truth ? she nod slowly . they face only a inch away . nowlan think we can make it out of this ? stilson I do not know . but I do know , this might be we only chance .... she move she face towards he , but nowlan move back . nowlan fraternization be against the rule . ext . prison build - establishing in the desert outside the prison Building , a group of android under Smith ee17 search for a back entrance to the Command Center . they find a steel door label " airlock # 4 " , open it , and enter . int . command CENTER -- day the group ignore stilson and nowlan when they exit the wash room , tension between they . merritt gesture to nowlan . merritt look . I be think . there 's a couple dozen emergency rebreather in the air lock . they might come in handy if we get down to the wire . nowlan good idea . nowlan look around the room for someone to send with merritt . stilson ? no. too dangerous for she . nowlan Campbell ? you and merritt check out the air lock . bring back all the rebreather . ( continued ) 43. merritt you do not trust I ? nowlan never have . never will . merritt accept this , nodd slowly . merritt turn to Campbell . merritt let 's go . garby I be come along . merritt try to dissuade she , but she stop he before he can speak . garby you need all the gun you can get out there . merritt okay . the three , armed and ready for action , use garby 's mag-card to exit through the door mark " airlocks " . int . hallway # 12 -- day the trio creep through the hall , light flicker around they . suspense build . they come to a corner . merritt gesture for garby and Campbell to hold back as he scout ahead . int . hallway # 13 -- day merritt peek around the corner into hallway # 13 . the hall be empty all the way to the airlock at the end . light flicker , and several doorway be dark ... maybe with android hide inside they . merritt creep down the hall . tension build as he pass each dark doorway . but nothing happen . when he get to the end of the hall , and the airlock door , he gesture for garby and Campbell to join he . ( continued ) 44 . garby and Campbell creep down the hall , gun ready . each time they pass one of the dark doorway , tension build . at the airlock door , the trio give the hallway behind they a final sweep . garby look clear . merritt look be deceive . campbell let 's get the rebreather and get the hell out of here . merritt nod , and gesture for Campbell to open the door while he and garby cover . Campbell slowly open the airlock door . nothing inside but darkness . garby let 's make this quick . Campbell nod and enter the Air lock . int . airlocks -- day Campbell get one step inside the dark airlock before hearing the noise . a metallic echo . campbell who go there ? the answer be gunfire . int . hallway # 13 -- day blam ! Campbell be blasted out of the airlock and skid between garby and merritt . merritt shit ! garby and merritt start run . the airlock be fill with a dozen android , lead by Smith ee17 . the android begin spilling out into hallway # 13 . ( continued ) 45 . Campbell look down at he wounded leg , gush blood , and try to stagger to he foot . bullet fly around garby and merritt as they race towards the end of the hallway . merritt turn and see Campbell try to crawl away . merritt come on ! he provide cover fire , blast away at some of the android . send some slamm backwards in a shower of spark . Campbell crawl along the floor , leave a trail of blood . garby stop run and join in the cover fire . but merritt realize they do not have a chance . he turn to she between blast and yell . merritt get out of here . run ! garby what about ... merritt just run , I will hold they . they exchange a look , then garby reluctantly comply ... after blast one last android into scrap . as soon as garby be go , merritt try to save Campbell . merritt Campbell . come on . Smith ee17 get merritt in he sight , smile , and fire . merritt hit the dirt , roll across the hall and pop to he foot . the bullet ricochet down the hall behind he . merritt fire cover shot , try to force the android back , so that Campbell escape . merritt come on ! come on ! Campbell crawl towards merritt . closer . closer . almost there . ( continued ) 46 . smith ee17 aim at merritt again and fire . the other android chime in , force merritt to dive around the corner to hallway # 12 . bullet chunk the corner of the hall , send plaster dust into the air . Campbell keep crawl , but Smith ee17 grab he . smith ee17 not so fast . Campbell struggle to get away , but can not . int . hallway # 12 -- day garby run down the hallway to the Command Center door . pass dark doorway along the way . wham ! a shower of spark shoot out a doorway as garby pass it , as a light fixture short circuit . garby keep run to the end of the hallway , and the safety of the Command Center . int . hallway # 13 -- day merritt try to force Smith ee17 away from Campbell , but be force back around the corner by gunfire . Campbell be drag back by Smith ee17 . he try to fight he off , but can not . but he can reach the android 's gun hand . Campbell and Smith ee17 struggle for the gun , wrestle back and forth . Campbell get the barrel twisted around so that it aim at Smith 's face and try to find the trigger . campbell damned hunk of tin . Smith ee17 twist the gun around to aim at Campbell . smith ee17 human scrap . Campbell see the gun aim right at he face , and press the barrel up only moment before it discharge . blam ! a hole be blast into the ceiling . Smith ee17 yank the gun away from Campbell , then club he over the head with it . knock he out . then Smith ee17 turn to the other android . ( continued ) 47 . smith ee17 ( gesture to merritt ) kill he . the android advance . int . hallway # 12 -- day garby pound on the Command Center door . garby let I in ! let I in ! no one answer . she can hear the gunfire get closer . she pound on the door some more , then remember she mag - card key . fumble , try to find it , swipe it through the lock . the Command Center door open , she squeeze inside ... int . command CENTER -- day right into Hell . the Command Center be under siege again . under attack by a army of android lead by Ralph 124c41 . when garby squeeze through the door , nowlan spin , aim he gun at she ... ready to fire . when nowlan see who it be , he yell : nowlan shut the door and get down ! then nowlan go back to blasting android . int . hallway # 13 -- day merritt begin blast the advance android into a shower of spark . but they keep on come . the seven remaining android move past they fall comrade , advance on merritt . merritt aim at the first one and pull the trigger . blam ! the first android be blow backwards in a shower of spark . merritt aim at the second android and pull the trigger . click . his gun be out of shell . ( continued ) 48 . merritt shit . the second android laugh .... until merritt throw the gun at he , scoring a direct hit on he face . the second android go down , and merritt take off run . int . hallway # 12 -- day merritt run down the hallway , chase by the six android . he get to the Command Center door , and realize he have no mag-key . he begin pounding on the door . merritt let I in ! let I in ! the six android be almost on top of he . merritt unlock the damned door ! merritt continue pound , as the android get closer . int . command CENTER -- day it 's hard to hear merritt 's pound over the din of gunfire in the room . garby , nowlan , stilson and Pratt blast away at the army of android outside the window . garby fire out a window , but hear the pound . without turn from the gun battle , she unlock the door with she foot . merritt squeeze into the room ... but so do a dozen android arm ! merritt try to push the door close , but the android be stronger . merritt look around for help , but everyone be busy blast the android outside . merritt shit . android hand claw at he , as he try to press the door close . but there 's no way he can hold they back . merritt throw I a gun ! throw I a fuck gun ! nowlan toss merritt he 44 Magnum . merritt catch the gun with one hand , then jump back from the door . ( continued ) 49 . all six android rush into the room . merritt quick fire : six shell , six android , six head shot . all six android go down in a shower of spark . merritt help I take out this garbage . while Pratt , nowlan and stilson hold the fort , garby help merritt push the six android body out of the Command Center , dodging ricochet the entire time . once the body be out , they close and lock the door , and merritt take cover next to nowlan as he reload . nowlan fire and talk simultaneously . nowlan where 's Campbell ? merritt they get he . nowlan stop fire and look at merritt . garby he 's alive , nowlan . but he 's theirs . nowlan that 's the only pilot we have get . everyone look at merritt , let this bad news sink in . merritt ( gesture out window ) do not get they piss , who know what they will do to he . nowlan give merritt a look , then go back to blast android . every time nowlan see a android head , he fire at it . it 's like a arcade game ... " doom " , maybe . nowlan who 's next ? step right up . blam ! nowlan fire . nowlan we have a winner . the gun battle continue with Pratt , nowlan , stilson , garby , and merritt blast away . bullet fly through the Command Center , shatter computer screen . ( continued ) 50 . Glass rain down on merritt . merritt shit . he take cover and reload as bullet spatter around he . garby sight through the board window and blow a couple of android to hell . Pratt spot coblentz hl2000 in the hallway , take aim , and fire . the bullet miss , but coblentz get mad . rising up , he send a stream of gunfire at Pratt . Pratt hit the dirt as board cover the window splinter . bullet ricochet through the room , shatter glass . garby great . now he 's angry . pratt I be hope he would be dead . garby and Pratt pop up at the same time , blast at coblentz and he android , force they back down the hallway . merritt have reload , and blast a half dozen android , force the other back . nowlan fire two gun through the barricade , force android to take cover and retreat . suddenly , the shoot from outside stop . the silence be deafen . nowlan rise up slowly , look out the window . nowlan they be go . merritt they have fall back to regroup . they will attack again . nowlan stilson , check the monitor . tell I where they be . no response . nowlan Janet ? ( continued ) 51 . nowlan move across the Command Center to she ... find she dead . shot in the crossfire . nowlan Janet . he cradle she in he arm , fight back the tear . the other just watch he , unsure what to do . nowlan hold she face up to he and kiss she gently . nowlan sweet dream . then set she body down , close she glassy eye , then look up at garby . nowlan it 's the only time I ever kiss she . I always want to . we use to flirt back and forth . joke about she serve under I . I use to think about hold she . touch she face ... but fraternization be against the rule . ( frown ) I always have to play by the rule . do what 's right ... even when it 's wrong . even when it 's too late . ( beat ) it 's always too late . nowlan be about to totally break down . merritt cross the room and pull he to he foot . merritt nowlan , this thing be not over yet . nowlan it 's over . first bester , now Janet ... merritt you have get to pull yourself together . at least until we be out of here . ( beat ) we can not do this thing without you . nowlan look at merritt , confuse by he compassion . nowlan I ... I can handle it . merritt nod slowly , and let go of nowlan . 52 . int . command CENTER -- later merritt zip stilson up in a body bag . then look at the other . Pratt look at the bag . pratt maybe we should say some word or something . merritt ( sotto ) too bad they shot the preacher . garby move down next to the body bag . Pratt bow he head . garby Janet , you be a good friend in a world where friend be hard to find . and good be even harder . ( beat ) you would walk among the prisoner , and never show fear . I do not know how you do that . ( beat ) where ever you be now , walk without fear . and know that we will miss you . a moment of silence . then merritt look at nowlan . merritt ( softly ) come on . give I a hand . merritt pick up one end of the body bag , and nowlan lift the other . difficult at first , but nowlan manage to control he emotion , and just do the work . int . gernsbeck's office -- day gernsbeck look up as the door open . gernsbeck you go to let I out ? so I can punish that ... he see nowlan 's expression and stop . they carry the body bag into the room and set it down . gernsbeck who be it ? ( continued ) 53. merritt stilson . gernsbeck you can not leave she here ! I will not stand for it . I refuse to be in the same room with she ! she 's dead ! merritt cross and grab gernsbeck 's collar . merritt look , asshole , we be all go to be dead in three and a half hour . we be run out of oxygen , and they just capture we pilot . ( beat ) thing be pretty well fuck , here , verne . the last thing we need be a lot of scream from some sadistic pile of shit like you . ( beat ) so take my advice : shut the fuck up . merritt let go of gernsbeck , drop he back into he chair . he turn to nowlan , who be stare down at the body bag , on the verge of crack again . merritt come on . we have get work to do . nowlan turn from the body bag . he and merritt leave gernsbeck 's office ... int . command CENTER -- day and walk into Hell . Pratt be hold the Command Center hostage , and the moment nowlan and merritt enter , he swing he gun on they . merritt casually raise he hand . merritt should not you be aim that thing outside ? pratt I be get out of here . merritt there 's the door . merritt nod to the door , and the android beyond . ( continued ) 54 . pratt do not you get it , man ? we be all gonna die . first it be the joker , then the preacher , then cowboy , now the girl. ( beat ) I mean , it 's get down to the nub , here . ( beat ) next it will be the marshal and daddy 's girl ... and after that it 's either you or I . ( beat ) I be not hang around long enough to find out which . nowlan where do you plan on go ? seem to I we be trap . Pratt swing the gun towards nowlan . pratt why do not we just get on the shuttle and get out of here ? nowlan we would not get far before we run out of fuel . ( beat ) then we would be adrift in the galaxy without any life support system . pratt at least nobody would be shoot at we . merritt sure , why give up a quick death when we could die slowly of asphyxiation ? Pratt reaim he gun at merritt . behind he , garby slowly creep forward . pratt I do not need any shit from you , merritt . merritt what do you want , Pratt ? the good news ? there be not any . we be stick on this piece of shit planet for the next three hour while that ship fuel . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . merritt ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) now we can argue about it , and we can fight about it , but we can not change it . so quit point the damned gun at I . Pratt keep the gun aim at merritt . garby take another step closer , ready for action . pratt why do not we wait in the shuttle , then ? nowlan look at how much damage they have do to this room . ( beat ) the shuttle could not take this much damage and survive . we would never get off the planet . garby take another step ... and Pratt swing around , aim he gun at she . garby you see , Pratt , we be the bait . as long as they be attack we , they be leave the shuttle alone . pratt man , I can not take any more of this fight ... I would rather end up drift through the galaxy in the shuttle then be some sit duck for that droid . nowlan at least here we have a chance , Pratt . Pratt aim at nowlan , and garby attack . she grab the gun barrel , twist it up at the ceiling . blam ! the gun discharge , shower they with debris . Pratt pull the gun back down . blam ! blam ! the gunshot force merritt and nowlan to hit the dirt . she struggle , press the gun back up at the ceiling . blam ! blam ! ( continued ) 56 . Pratt push the gun around until it be aim directly at garby . his finger tighten on he trigger . pratt last word , bitch ? garby look down the gun barrel , realize she 's about to die . Pratt 's finger continue squeezing the trigger . garby let go and duck out of the way quickly . blam ! bullet go wild , hit the vidmap with a shower of spark . merritt jump to he foot and tackle Pratt to the floor . they crash into a work station , send it down . when they stop roll , merritt be on top of Pratt . but Pratt still hold the gun . he aim it directly at merritt 's face . pratt get off I , smov , or I will blow you to hell . merritt try it . Pratt touch the gun barrel to merritt 's face and pull the trigger . click . out of shell . merritt you have get to learn how to count . at least as high as six . merritt slam the gun out of Pratt 's hand and pin he to the floor . merritt look , Pratt , we be all in this together . flesh against steel . if we start break up , fight each other , they will kill we one by one . ( beat ) the only strength we have be work together . pratt you be gonna throw in with that screw ? merritt what choice do I have ? what choice do any of US have ? ( continued ) 57 . merritt point at nowlan . merritt I may hate he . I may wish he dead . nowlan give garby a look . merritt but the four of we be stick here together . and we be not get out of here any time soon . ( beat ) so I have get to learn to work with he . and work with you . ( beat ) I may not like it , but I do not see I have much choice in the matter . do you ? he let go of Pratt and move to he foot . Pratt just lay there . finally merritt reach a hand down to help he up . Pratt look at merritt 's hand and reluctantly accept . merritt pull Pratt to he foot , then the two separate . Pratt go off to sulk , merritt examine a cut from the scuffle . nowlan cross to the vidmap . it 's completely destroy . nowlan no more early warning system . pratt ( sarcastic ) there go we advantage . merritt go into the wash room next to gernsbeck 's office to wash and dress he wound . int . gernsbeck's washroom -- day merritt be wrapping the cut as garby enter , let the door close behind she . garby that be a nice speech , but do it mean anything ? ( beat ) or be you just make music to sooth the savage beast ? merritt meant every word . ( continued ) 58 . garby especially the part about wishing nowlan be dead ? merritt I might have exaggerated . she move closer to he , serious , now . garby do you really think we be go to get out of this alive ? merritt I do not know . but I have to keep come up with plan and possibility , or we be as good as dead . garby then this might be my only chance . merritt to do what ? garby to find out if what they say about smov be true . she move into he arm and kiss he gently on the lip . int . gernsbeck's office -- day gernsbeck see the silhouettes come together through the pebble glass of the connect door . int . gernsbeck's washroom -- day when merritt kiss back , garby pull away a little . after flirt with merritt for year , here they be about to make love ... and she 's not sure she would ready for it . garby I have never do it with a alien before . merritt we be all alien to somebody . ( beat ) we look different , we smell different , we act different . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 . merritt ( cont 'd ) but even if we find someone who look just like we , they would not be we . they would be they own person . have they own thought , they own need . ( beat ) you can spend you whole life think about how different you be than other people . I ? I would rather think about the way we be the same . merritt kiss she gently . merritt smov kiss the same as human . they kiss again , more passionately . she run she hand under he shirt , feel he chest . merritt we feel the same as human . another kiss . they begin remove each other clothing , gently kissing each new exposure of flesh . merritt we love the same as human . they passion flare as they kiss again , bare chest against bare chest . int . gernsbeck's office -- day gernsbeck struggle against the handcuffs . gernsbeck ( sotto ) no. no. no. no. no. no. no. practically froth at the mouth as the silhouettes of he daughter and the alien move close again . int . command CENTER -- day nowlan watch the remain monitor for sign of the android . nothing . nowlan they be out there someplace . Pratt re-barricader the window . use the rest of the furniture to block any hole . 60 . int . gernsbeck's washroom -- day merritt move he hand under she skirt , pull she panty down she leg . garby kick they off , then guide he hand back under she skirt . garby almost the same . they kiss again . then they glide to the floor and make love . int . gernsbeck's office -- day gernsbeck fight harder against the restraint as he hear intimate laughter from the next room . gernsbeck ( sotto ) no . he 's a filthy alien . a damned prisoner . garby ... garby ... his voice become softer , resign to the fact that he daughter be no longer under he control . maybe never be . gernsbeck look over to the body bag on the floor across from he . gernsbeck ( sotto ) garby .... shadows flutter over the pebble glass . int . command CENTER -- day Pratt finish barricade the window . nowlan watch the screen for sign of action . but they show only empty hallway . a sound behind he . nowlan spin to see merritt exite the washroom , tucking in he clothes . merritt how much time until the shuttle 's refuele ? nowlan look at he watch . nowlan a little over two hour . ( continued ) 61 . merritt and until we run out of air ? nowlan about the same . merritt nod , and join Pratt . merritt we be gonna need a couple minute head start to get to the shuttle . pratt yeah ? merritt can we rig one of the door to close ? nowlan sure . but where do we get the power ? all this equipment 's hard wire in . merritt battery . merritt point at nowlan 's equipment belt . merritt there 's one in you walkie talkie . enough juice in there to slow them down for a minute or two . nowlan unclip the walkie talkie and toss it to merritt , who begin to hot wire a door circuit on the control board . nowlan look back at the monitor ... on the monitor ralph 124c41 hold a gun to Campbell 's head . ralph attention human scrap . let 's make a deal . flesh for flesh . this worthless piece of scrap for the warden . ( beat ) give we gernsbeck , and we will let you go . we have no rift with you , it 's the warden who have hurt we . and it be he who will pay . ( beat ) so ? do we trade ? this one for the warden ? 62 . int . command CENTER -- day merritt look at nowlan . merritt I say we hand over the son of a bitch . nowlan I think we be all in this together ? flesh against steel ? merritt the warden 's different . nowlan how ? merritt they would not be out there if it be not for that sadistic son of a bitch . nowlan aim he gun towards merritt . nowlan I say we take a vote . merritt I vote we trade he . pratt Trade he . nowlan I be against it , and so 's gernsbeck ... merritt that 's two for , two against . nowlan garby . all eye be on garby . the decide vote . garby ( plead ) you can not make I do this . he 's my father . merritt you have get to decide . ( continued ) 63. garby look , he 's a asshole . he 's always be a asshole . he can not help it . nowlan which be it ? for or against ? garby look at she father 's office , make the toughest decision of she life . garby we can not get out of here without a pilot . we can wait the two hour until the shuttle 's fuel , but if no one can drive it , we be stick ... trapped . she turn away from the other , break down . garby I be sorry . God , I be sorry . merritt raise he gun at nowlan . merritt you hear the woman . we trade . merritt switch on the microphone . merritt okay , tinman . we trade . Ralph 124c41 laugh . int . hallway # 9 -- day Ralph 124c41 laugh when he see gernsbeck . the exchange be like something from a cold War spy novel . on one end of the hallway : the army of android lead by Ralph 124c41 , who hold he gun to Campbell 's head . on the other end of the hallway : Pratt , nowlan and garby aim gun at the android , while merritt try to control the scream , plead warden gernsbeck . gernsbeck you can not do this to I . they will kill I . do not you understand ? they will kill I . ( continued ) 64 . merritt if you do not shut up I will kill you . gernsbeck please merritt .... merritt ignore he , look at the far end of the hallway where Ralph hold the gun to Campbell 's head . merritt okay . we trade . ralph not you . the guard . merritt what do you mean ? ralph the Guard bring I the warden . unarm . merritt and nowlan exchange look . then nowlan hand merritt he rifle and take hold of gernsbeck 's shackle . ralph now . Ralph and Campbell begin advance to the center of the hall , at the same speed as nowlan and gernsbeck . the four face off in the center of the hall , about a dozen foot between they . Ralph keep the gun jambe into Campbell 's head . nowlan have a six shooter , hide behind he back . ralph this one must be pretty important , if you will trade the warden for he . tension . they can not let Ralph know how important Campbell be . they can not let he know he 's the pilot . nowlan he 's just a tech . ralph I have never see he before . nowlan they send he on the shuttle to look over the computer system for salvage . ( continued ) 65 . ralph Computer tech ? maybe we should keep he . use he for repair after you have go . nowlan he salvage , he do not repair . he 's just a junk man ... ralph a junk man ? you know what he tell I ? he tell I he be the shuttle pilot . ( beat ) now why would he lie like that ? nowlan look . just let he go . I will give you the warden . Ralph 124c41 laugh . ralph no deal . we will take the warden . blam ! Ralph blow Campbell away , then reaim he gun at gernsbeck . gernsbeck start scream . begging . nowlan kick the gun out of Ralph 's hand , then quick draw he pistol , blast away until the android dive for cover . merritt , Pratt , and garby give cover fire for nowlan and gernsbeck . blast away at the Army of android . gernsbeck drag he shackle back to the group . Ralph roll , come up with he gun . he aim it at nowlan , and the two exchange gunfire , like Cowboys at high noon . bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! it 's a close quarter shootout , like something from a John woo movie . nowlan yell at the other as he fire at Ralph . nowlan back ! back ! the group race back down the hall to the Command Center . nowlan take one final look at Campbell ( he 's dead ) , then fire a couple more shot at Ralph and join the other in they mad dash to the Command Center . ( continued ) 66 . bullet spatter the hallway as the five run . ralph and the army charge after they . gernsbeck be lag behind , drag he heavy shackle . he trip on the chain . gernsbeck help I ! oh , God , help I ! nowlan help gernsbeck to he foot , and they try to catch up with the other . int . hallway # 8 -- day pratt , garby , and merritt turn the corner into the next hallway , and sprint to the Command Center door . merritt come on ! they be right behind we ! garby slide she mag key through the slot and nothing happen . she try it again . garby shit . it 's demagnetize ... nowlan and gernsbeck round the corner , racing towards they . the army of android only fifty foot behind they . garby nowlan ! you card ! nowlan toss garby he mag key , then spin and fire at the oncoming android . garby catch the key , glide it through the slot , get the green light . the door open . nowlan aim at a charge android and pull the trigger . click . out of shell . nowlan shit . nowlan dive and roll down the hallway , pop to he foot next to the other . 67 . int . command CENTER -- day the five dive into the Command Center , close the door behind they only second before the android get there . bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! Ralph pound on the door . ralph ( o.s. ) how be you go to get off the planet without a pilot , nowlan ? you be trap here . my prisoner . nowlan and garby look at each other . worried . ralph ( o.s. ) in less than two hour you will run out of air .... merritt two hour , twelve minute . nowlan look at merritt , and he explain . merritt Campbell 's air , divide by five . nowlan you be sick . merritt I be practical . Ralph continue he tirade . ralph ( o.s. ) ... after you be dead , I will take the warden . put he head on a plate . gernsbeck begin cry . ralph ( o.s. ) then we will fly the shuttle back to Earth . and kill every human we can find . no one will be able to stop we . merritt put he ear to the door , listen . merritt they be fall back . nowlan look from face to face . everyone have that hopeless expression . they pilot be dead . ( continued ) 68 . nowlan he 's right . without Campbell , we be trap . he be we only chance . merritt not we only chance . nowlan what be you talk about ? merritt look up slowly . merritt I can fly we out . nowlan you be full of shit , convict . where would you get you pilot license ? San quentin ? merritt move fully to he foot , stand tall . merritt I use to make a good live hijack cargo shuttle . I can fly just about anything . nowlan I hope we live long enough to find out if you be right . garby what do you mean ? nowlan they can kill a lot of we in two hour . merritt not if we kill they first . nowlan how do you propose to do that ? merritt we use the merritt system . pratt what 's that ? merritt if they attack we with gun , we attack they with cannon . ( continued ) 69 . nowlan ( sarcastic ) great idea . where do we get the cannon ? close on the broken vidmap merritt 's finger touch a location , as he speak . merritt there be a couple of crate of explosive in mine shaft number seven . we have to leave they behind when the dero come after we . Pratt nod , remember . merritt if we can get that explosive out of shaft number seven , we can rig a bobby trap that will blow they into small appliance heaven . nowlan great . how do we get to shaft number seven ? merritt through the air duct . when we get outside , we can use the last rebreather tank . there 's about five minute on it . garby five minute . nowlan it could work . Pratt shake he head . desperation have turn to anger . pratt that 's a frigging suicide mission you be talk about . get past the droid , get out of the complex , get to shaft number seven , which we close because it be too dangerous , hope the damned dero be not hungry , find the crate of explosive and sneak they back here , right past the droid ... all with only five minute of air ? you be crazy . you be all crazy . ( continued ) 70 . nowlan you get a better idea ? Pratt turn away . pratt give they the warden . it 's what they want . merritt that kill he , but it do not save we . pratt shit . this be frigging shit ! merritt look , Pratt , we have get a choice . hide here for two hour , wait to die , or stand and fight . Pratt turn to merritt and nod slowly . accept . it 's obvious that merritt have take charge of the group . he 's become the leader by default . the man with the plan . gernsbeck raise he shackle hand towards merritt . gernsbeck if you be not go to use I as a bargain tool , can you at least unshackle I ? merritt no . the cuff stay on . gernsbeck merritt , there 's three hundred of they and only five of we . seem like you can use all the help you can get . merritt we do not need help from sadistic mother like you . nowlan merritt , we need all the help we can get and then some . merritt nod slowly , then look gernsbeck in the eye . merritt cut he loose . ( continued ) 71 . nowlan unshackle gernsbeck , toss the cuff aside . gernsbeck smile at merritt and offer he hand to shake . gernsbeck no hard feeling ? when merritt move to grudgingly take it , gernsbeck pull back he fist and deck he . wham ! merritt hit the floor , hard . gernsbeck flexe he aching hand . Pratt make a move towards gernsbeck , but merritt stop he . merritt I guess I have that come . merritt move to he foot , rub he jaw . merritt now that we be all even , it 's time to choose . which one of we be go out there ? pratt not I . nowlan who decide ? you ? merritt pull out a huge knife and stab it into the table between he and nowlan . merritt the knife decide . the knife quiver in the table . nowlan nod . the table all five stand around the table , form a circle . the knife lay in the center of the table . merritt ready ? all eye on the knife as garby give it a spin . pratt do this when I be a kid . spin the bottle they call it . only the winner get a kiss . ( continued ) 72 . nowlan no winner here . the knife continue spin . everyone watch as it begin to slow down , blade point from one to the other as it rotate . garby I do not want to look .... she close she eye . the knife stop spin . the blade have find a victim . the knife blade be point at pratt . pratt shit . merritt this must be you lucky day . pratt yeah . but it 's all bad luck . int . command CENTER -- later a rope be tie around Pratt , and the rebreather ( with a lcd readout which will count down the 4:53 minute of air leave ) be strapped on he back . merritt ready ? Pratt nod . gernsbeck clap a hand to he back . gernsbeck good luck , son . pratt wish you would not have say that . people be wishing I good luck all my life , look where it get I . nowlan you have get four minute and fifty three second of air . merritt use it wisely . ( continued ) 73. this get a smile out of Pratt , who check the action on he gun and get ready to go . garby give he a kiss on the cheek . garby for luck . Pratt grab she and plant a major-rotor- rooter french kiss on she , dip she a little . pratt there . now I feel I lucky . Pratt look at nowlan and merritt , who get they gun ready . then garby open the Command Center door , and they roll out . int . hallway # 13 -- day nowlan and merritt aim they gun down the empty hallway , as garby help Pratt pry off the air vent grate and climb inside . int . AIR duct -- day Pratt begin crawl through the duct , rope play out behind he . gun in front of he , ready for action . int . hallway # 13 -- day garby keep feed the rope from the coil into the vent open , while nowlan and merritt stand guard . int . AIR duct -- day the air in the duck be become smokey . Pratt put on the rebreather , and the lcd number begin count down . ahead : Light at the end of the duct . Pratt climb towards the light , then kick out the mesh screen separate the duct from the outside world . int . hallway # 13 -- day garby keep feed the rope . a echo in the hallway . a sound . a footstep ? merritt and nowlan keep they gun aim , ready for action . 74 . ext . planet isaac -- day under the burn twin sun , Pratt trek across the red desert landscape to the mine . the rope play out behind he . the time on he rebreather tick away . the lcd now read 4:27 minute of air leave . int . command CENTER -- day gernsbeck watch Pratt progress on the only undamage monitor , and yell to the other , in the hall . gernsbeck he make it out ! int . hallway # 13 -- day merritt and nowlan keep they gun train . garby keep uncoil rope . a sound in the hallway echoe .... tension build . merritt keep he gun ready . nothing happen . ext . mouth of the cave -- day Pratt make it to the mine . the heat have he breathe deeply . 3:39 minute leave on the rebreather . Pratt enter the cave . int . command CENTER -- day gernsbeck yell . gernsbeck he 's enter the cave ! int . hallway # 13 -- day gernsbeck 's voice echoe in the hallway . merritt whisper . merritt quiet . quiet . when the echo die down , there 's another noise . footstep . get closer . ( continued ) 75 . merritt someone 's come . merritt and nowlan keep they gun ready . garby continue play out the rope . tension build . int . carnubium mine -- day Pratt use a flashlight to search the mine , until he come to a make - shift sign identify shaft # 7 . 3:07 remain on the rebreather . he move deeper into shaft # 7 , look for the crate of explosive . int . hallway # 13 -- day merritt and nowlan keep they weapon aim . gernsbeck ( o.s. ) he 's in the mine ! the voice echoe , obscure the footfalls . merritt and nowlan keep they gun aim . wait for the attack . int . carnubium mine -- day Pratt 's flashlight pick up the two crate of explosive . he pocket the flashlight and grab one of the crate . 2:28 remain on the rebreather . he 's go to have to hold he breath on the way back . wham ! the dero strike ! the hideous , smelly , creature burst from the cave , tooth and tentacles reach for Pratt . Pratt run like hell , carry one of the crate , the dero right behind he . int . hallway # 13 -- day another footfall . someone be stand just around the corner from where nowlan and merritt be . garby , unarm , continue play out the rope . another footfall . ( continued ) 76 . merritt one more step and we will blow you to hell ! nowlan look at merritt , wonder about he strategy . then they hear the laughter . the laughter of machine . hundred of they . echoing through the hall . ext . mouth of the cave -- day Pratt escape from the cave only second before the dero would have catch he . when the bright sunlight hit the dero , it scream and duck back in the cave . Pratt set the crate down , then lay over it , try to catch he breath . 1:47 remain on the rebreather . then Pratt see the shoe . he look up to see Smith ee17 aim a gun down at he . smith ee17 where do you think you be go ? Pratt knock Smith ee17 back and make a break for it . he do not get far before Smith step on Pratt 's rope . Pratt be trap , tethere only a dozen foot from Smith . smith ee17 not so fast . bang ! bang ! Smith blow off Pratt 's kneecap . Smith stroll over to where Pratt lay scream and pull off the rebreather , toss it as far away as he can . with a laugh , Smith ee17 amble back to the compound . int . block 11 bunk room -- day Smith ee17 approach Ralph 124c41 . ( continued ) 77 . smith ee17 one down , four to go . Ralph nod approval , then turn to he troops . ralph remember , I get the warden . ( beat ) here 's my new plan of attack ... Ralph explain he strategy to the Army of android . ext . mouth of the cave -- day Pratt hold he breath and drag himself to the crate , unhook he rope , and hook it to the crate . he give it two tug . int . hallway # 13 -- day garby feel the tug and whisper . garby he 's get it . nowlan reel it in . garby begin reeling in the rope . ext . mouth of the cave -- day Pratt smile as the crate of explosive be drag back to the compound . then he close he eye and die . int . hallway # 13 -- day garby continue reeling in the rope . but there 's laugh in the hallway . the echoe of a dozen android . lead by coblentz . merritt hurry up . hurry up . garby tug as fast as she can , but the rope have stop . 78 . ext . planet isaac -- day the crate be catch behind a big rock . int . hallway # 13 -- day garby give the rope another tug . garby it 's stick . merritt lower he gun and go to help garby . the footfalls continue echoing . closer . closer . closer . merritt and garby give the rope a yank . ext . planet isaac -- day the crate pop over the rock and continue . int . hallway # 13 -- day merritt let garby reel in the rope , and cross to he gun . bang ! bang ! bang ! coblentz roll into the hallway and open fire . bullet ricochet around merritt as he try to make it to he gun . nowlan return fire , try to force coblentz back . but coblentz be join by a half dozen other armed android . garby continue reeling in the rope , as bullet fly around she . shredd the wall only inch from she face . merritt make it to he gun , roll it into he hand and begin blast away . hitting a couple of the android . nowlan hit a couple of android , but they be out numbered . ext . AIR duct -- day the crate get catch on the outside of the air duct . it 's tug a couple of time . 79 . int . hallway # 13 -- day garby keep tug , but the rope will not budge . garby it 's stick again ! merritt you be on you own , garby . bullet spatter around she as she try whipping the rope , then yanking on it . ext . AIR duct -- day the rope flip loose , then finally be pull into the air duct , drag the crate behind it . int . hallway # 13 -- day garby continue reeling in the rope . nowlan I be run out of shell ! merritt they be not . the shoot out between coblentz 's troops and merritt and nowlan continue . but for every android they kill , another take it 's place . int . AIR duct -- day the crate of explosive drag along the inside of the airduct , come closer to hallway # 13 . int . hallway # 13 -- day garby continue get to the end of the rope , and pull the crate of explosive into the hallway . garby get it ! merritt toss garby he gun . she catch it with one hand , turn , and blow away a advance android . merritt race to the crate , heft it to he shoulder . ( continued ) 80 . merritt ready ! all three race into the Command Center , slamm the door behind they . int . command CENTER -- day nowlan lock the door second before the android reach it . int . hallway # 13 -- day coblentz and the android begin scratch at the door with they aluminum fingernails . int . command CENTER -- day the scratch fingernails create a sound which drive they up the wall . gernsbeck put he hand over he ear and close he eye . merritt , nowlan , and garby live with it . merritt begin rigging a detonator to the case of explosive , and secure the explosive to a roll file cart . merritt when this button 's push , everything go . blam . nowlan look for volunteer ? merritt we do it from across the room . with a bullet . I think I can hit it . nowlan nod without conviction . the detonator button be a very small target . the scratch stop , and gernsbeck open he eye , look at the monitor . his face show terror . gernsbeck they be come . nowlan how many ? gernsbeck all of they . ( continued ) 81 . nowlan look to merritt . merritt how many shell do you have leave ? nowlan check he rifle , then break open he pistol . nowlan Three rifle , two pistol . garby check she pistol . garby four . merritt check he shotgun . merritt four shell . nowlan that 's only thirteen round for a couple hundred android . merritt how much time leave until the shuttle 's fuel ? nowlan Fifteen minute . merritt we have get to hold they off . merritt look at nowlan . merritt save one bullet to shoot the detonator . garby grab the metal rod from the uniform closet . garby we can use this as spear . when we ammo run out . merritt nod ... then the first bullet begin spattering through the barricade window . everyone hit the dirt , weapon ready . merritt land next to nowlan on the floor . merritt well , buddy , you know that fight you and I be gonna have ? ( continued ) 82. nowlan yeah ? merritt this be it .... except , I always think we would be fight each other . nowlan smile , and touch merritt 's shoulder . they be equal , maybe even friend . garby toss a spear to she father ... then the real shoot begin . bullet pummel the command CENTER , blast the window barricade to piece . Wood dust and smoke spatter around the team as they take cover . merritt crawl to the hot wire door switch . with fifteen minute leave , it 's too early to hit it ... merritt what the hell . he click the walkie talkie switch . int . hallway # 13 -- day ralph 124c41 lead a second wave of android towards the Command Center ... but the electronic door woosh shut in front of they . ralph open it ! open it ! one of the android try to over ride the door at the control panel ... but have no mag card . int . command CENTER -- day merritt aim he shotgun through the barricade , sight a charge android and fire . blam ! the droid explode in a shower of spark . garby aim through the barricade at a advance android and fire . bang ! the android spark and drop . but more be come ! nowlan sight in on one of the droid and fire . the android drop . he re-aim quickly and fire again . two hit . ( continued ) 83. gernsbeck jab through the barricade with he metal spear , poke through a android 's eye and out the back of he head . the droid go down , sparking and scream . merritt see two android come from the leave and blast both of they with one shot . garby fire at the three android rush she , hit two of they . her third shot miss ... and the android continue down the hall towards she . nowlan sight a third android and fire . bang ! nowlan 's bullet hit one android , sparking he face , and ricochet to hit a second droid in the chest . both go down . nowlan hey . a two -fer . the third android continue rush at garby . now only five foot away from she . she aim she pistol at he and fire . click . out of shell . garby shit . the android reach through the break window and grab garby by the neck , strangling she . gernsbeck spear another android through the eye . merritt sight another rush android and blow he to hell . garby try pull away from the android , only succeed in drag the droid through the window into the Command Center . the android continue strangler she . she 's turn blue . she try to scream for help , but only gurgle . she can not be hear over the gunfire from the Army of android . nowlan see garby struggle with the android , spin and aim at the android , pull the trigger three time . click . click . click . out of shell . he club the android with the rifle , careful not to hit garby . the android let go of garby and face nowlan . through the hole in the barricade , other android try to enter the Command Center . but gernsbeck spear each one of they through the eye socket , nose , or mouth . short they . ( continued ) 84 . another android start through the barricade , and gernsbeck reach for a spear .... all out ! gernsbeck help ! merritt turn in time to see the android grab hold of gernsbeck . he take aim and blast the droid off gernsbeck . gernsbeck run to the door lead to the shuttle Bay . gernsbeck we have to leave . now . merritt we all go at once ! nowlan try clubbing he android with he rifle . but the android grab the gun and yank it out of nowlan 's hand . the android laugh , raise the rifle to club nowlan . merritt see nowlan predicament , spin , and fire he shotgun . click . out of shell . merritt shit . he pull back the shotgun , throw it like a spear . the shotgun barrel hit the android in the head ... pierce he face and pop out the other side . spark fly . nowlan thanks . merritt any time . wham ! a android burst through the barricade and attack merritt . merritt be defenseless , struggle . nowlan pull out he pistol , try to aim at the android . but merritt keep get in the way of a clear shot . nowlan get out of the way . damn ! damn ! no chance of nowlan hit the android from this distance without endangering merritt . ( continued ) 85 . the android be squeezing merritt , rib about to snap . merritt can not breath . his eye flutter . he 's go to die . he try pull the android off , do not have the strength . then nowlan get a idea . nowlan merritt ! catch ! nowlan throw he gun . merritt catch it with a free hand , aim it over he shoulder at the android 's face , and fire . blam ! the android 's head come off , and he fall away from merritt . merritt thanks . merritt get ready to toss the gun back to nowlan . nowlan keep it . one bullet leave . for the detonator . merritt nod and pocket the gun . then the barricade blast open and five android storm the Command Center : coblentz hl2000 , Smith ee17 , and three nasty look biker android . smith go after garby . coblentz go after nowlan . the three biker go after merritt . gernsbeck go out the door , leave it open . garby roll across the floor , come up with the fire axe . she face Smith ee17 with the axe , ready for battle . nowlan pull a hanger pole from the closet , hold it like a bo as he face off with coblentz hl2000 , ready for battle . merritt grab the knife from the counter , spin around to keep the three biker droid away . int . hallway # 7 -- day gernsbeck huddle in the hallway near the Command Center door , afraid to go down the hallway to the shuttle Bay alone . 86 . int . command CENTER -- day Smith ee17 give garby a aluminum smile second before strike out at she with one of he pincher - claw . garby jump away , the claw snap on a pipe , sever it . smith ee17 that could have be you neck . garby this could be you face . she swing the fire axe at Smith 's face , but he block it with he arm , deflect the blow . smith ee17 sure you do not want to be my main squeeze ? Smith reach out for she with he claw , snap it close only inch from she face . garby be on the defensive . nowlan swing he hanger pole bo at coblentz , who duck and roll away . coblentz you be scrap . all human be scrap . nowlan swing again , just miss coblentz 's head . coblentz roll again , this time pop to he foot by the pipe Smith have severe . nowlan use the pole as a spear , charge coblentz . coblentz tear the pipe off the wall and use it as a bo , deflect nowlan 's spear . coblentz and nowlan engage in a bo fight . block , swinging , thrust they weapon at each other . merritt be surround by the three biker droid . he spring , swinging the knife around and keep the biker at bay . the lead biker laugh . biker why do you fight we , alien ? look at yourself . we be just like you . prisoner of the human .... ( continued ) 87 . all three close in again , and merritt spin , slashing the knife across all three droid chest . spark off each one of they as the blade scream over steel . merritt there 's two side to everything . I have choose mine . biker you be one of we . a outsider . merritt two difference : I be flesh , you be steel . you kill because you like it . I kill only in self - defense . biker Three : you bleed , we do not . wham ! the three attack simultaneously . Three against one . garby bump against the wall . nowhere to run . she have to fight . she swing the fire axe out at Smith . Smith pull back , the axe whizze past . miss . he laugh . garby let 's make this quick . smith ee17 whatever you like . Smith grab the axe in he pincher and try to yank it out of garby 's hand . she hold on , as Smith twist . spin she off she foot onto the floor . smith ee17 sitting this one out ? but garby 's still get the axe in she hand . coblentz swing he pipe at nowlan 's head . whack ! nowlan block it just in time . coblentz laugh and swing again . woosh ! ( continued ) 88. coblentz silicon work faster than brain matter . I know where you be go to swing even before you do . nowlan really ? nowlan fake leave , swing right . and coblentz block it . coblentz yes . nowlan fake leave , but swing leave . coblentz block it . coblentz laugh and flip the pipe into he hand like a spear . then charge at nowlan . nowlan be trap . merritt have all three biker droid attack from different side , and swing into action . kick backwards , he hit biker # 2 in the chest , swinging forward , he hit biker # 3 in the face , spin , he hit the lead biker in the neck . all in one move . all three go down ... merritt my lucky day . the three roll to they foot and attack again ! merritt spin with he knife , sparking off all three droid 's chest , and force they back . for a second . then they attack ! Smith ee17 look down at garby and smile aluminum tooth . smith ee17 not so fast , sugar . garby try to squirm away without give up she grip on the fire axe . impossible . Smith move he face in close , then he second set of aluminum tooth shoot out at she on they metal teether . the tooth come within inch of garby 's face and SNAP close . ( continued ) 89 . garby twist the axe handle in she hand , pop it out of Smith 's grip . she pivot the axe so that it swing ... cut off Smith 's spare tooth at the tether . smith ee17 ahhhh ! Smith scream and fall back . the metal tooth scurry along the floor like a snake . garby slam the axe head down on they , smash they to sparking piece . smith ee17 play time be over . Smith attack . pincher ready to do real damage . coblentz rush nowlan with he pipe / spear . nowlan be trap in the corner . coblentz no escape , screw . nowlan twirl the pole in he hand , hit the counter top , pole vaulting over the counter out of harm 's way . coblentz spear jamb into the wall where nowlan be stand only second ago . nowlan you silicon chip miss that one , huh ? do they see this one come ? wham ! nowlan spin the pole , crack it into coblentz 's head with enough force to send he over the counter . now coblentz be weaponless . the pipe still stick in the wall . nowlan jab coblentz back . coblentz spin and strike out at he face with a steel hand . nowlan use the bo to block . crack ! coblentz cut the pole in half with a powerful blow . now nowlan have two short stick ... and coblentz attack ! 90 . int . hallway # 13 -- day Ralph 124c41 and the second wave of android ( three time as many as the first wave ) finally crack open the door and rush down the hall to the Command Center . int . command CENTER -- day merritt have three biker attack simultaneously . when he pull he fist back to hit biker # 2 , he elbow jab biker # 3 in the throat . after punch biker # 2 , he use he leave hand to punch the lead biker . all three move back for about a second , and then attack again . merritt do not you guy ever give up ? biker do not you ? merritt never . biker # 3 charge he . merritt jump up , landing a two foote kick into the biker 's chest . biker # 3 slam back , head crash into a monitor . explosion of spark as the biker droid short circuit . merritt one down . biker # 2 try to jump he , but merritt twist he fist , use the knife to sever the power cord on the droid 's neck . the knife 's follow through almost cut off biker # 2 's head . biker # 2 hit the floor in two piece : head and body . merritt turn to the lead biker . merritt ready for yours ? biker more than ready . merritt and the biker circle each other like cage beast . biker # 2 's severe head wait until merritt get close before it bite he on the leg . ( continued ) 91 . merritt scream , then punt the head out the window and return he attention to the lead biker . too late . the lead biker charge at he . merritt feel ( coblentz 's ) metal pole at he back . trapped ! when the lead biker get close , merritt just step aside . allow the biker to skewer himself on the pole . merritt hope you get my point . Smith ee17 attack garby , pincher ready . garby swing she axe at Smith 's head . Smith duck , and the blade whizze overhead . garby swing she axe at Smith 's leg . Smith jump , and the blade whizze under foot . garby swing she axe at Smith 's stomach ... garby ah , just right . whack ! slam ! SPARKS ! the blade connect big time , cut Smith in half . both halve hit the floor : Dead . coblentz hl2000 attack nowlan . nowlan use the two halve of the pole as escrima stick , pummel the android . coblentz knock nowlan to the floor . the two wrestle across the floor , coblentz the stronger of the two . nowlan have the droid 's stitched body press he to the floor and get a idea . he snatch up a piece of break glass , and cut one of the stitching . nowlan let 's see what happen if I pull a few string . he yank open the seam , expose coblentz 's metal inside . coblentz pick up a chunk of fall metal and get ready to brain nowlan . ( continued ) 92 . nowlan use the break glass to cut wire and hose in coblentz 's chest , sparking and short and cause a gush of lubricate fluid to spew out . coblentz fall over , twitching ... then die . nowlan move to he foot and look from merritt to garby . merritt get to the shuttle . I will hold the rest of they off . nowlan I will help . merritt do be a fool . get move . take the explosive . nowlan and garby nod , and push the roll cart of explosive out the open door . crash ! behind merritt , a dozen android lead by Ralph 124c41 break through the barricade . ralph remember , he 's mine . merritt be completely outnumber ... and weaponless . int . hallway # 7 -- day gernsbeck hear people come through the Command Center door and try to hide .... but it 's garby and nowlan , push the cart . gernsbeck thank God . I have be wait for you . nowlan let 's go . the three run down hallway # 7 , push the cart of explosive in front of they . at the corner to hallway # 6 there be a moment of suspense . they do not know if android lay in wait around the corner . nowlan roll out , ready for action . 93. int . hallway # 6 -- day nothing . the hallway be empty all the way to the shuttle bay door . garby and gernsbeck swing around the corner with the cart of explosive . gernsbeck come on . nowlan we will wait here . maybe he will need some help . gernsbeck you be crazy . fuck merritt . gernsbeck take off down the hall to the shuttle bay door . nowlan ( sotto ) merritt 's one of the few people I can trust . at the shuttle BAY door gernsbeck realize he do not have a mag card on he . he can not get into the shuttle . int . command CENTER -- day merritt face off against Ralph , the other android ringing the room around they . ralph ready to die , alien ? merritt I be ready to finish what I start . turn you into scrap . whack ! merritt kick Ralph in the face . Ralph laugh it off , press merritt back towards the wall . Ralph move in to attack . merritt scoops up a chair , use it as a shield . like a lion tamer keep a angry cat at bay . Ralph try punch around the chair , but can not reach merritt 's face . he kick up , force merritt to jump back . ( continued ) 94 . ralph no one can fight a android and win . flesh can not win against steel . merritt be that right , tin man ? merritt slam the chair into Ralph , crash he backwards . Ralph hit the counter and growls , charge at merritt . merritt hold up the chair , but Ralph bat it out of he hand and keep on come . Ralph and merritt trade punch . merritt take the brunt . he can not hold off this android himself . ralph you be no man of steel , alien . Ralph hit merritt it the face . ralph die slow or die fast . merritt feel the gun in he pocket . he could blow Ralph to piece ... but he need it for the detonator . Ralph swing a fist , and merritt roll away , pop up near the door to hallway # 7 . Ralph laugh , and start towards he . ralph no escape , smov . we fight to the death . you death . merritt spot he fall knife lean up against a spliter piece of wood . he step on the end , flipping it into the air and catch it . merritt come and get I . Ralph take the challenge , charge at merritt . merritt roll backwards through the door .... int . hallway # 7 -- day merritt pop to he foot , stabbing Ralph as he come out the door . but the knife hit he chest and SPARKS . ( continued ) 95 . the other android come out the door , form a ring behind Ralph 124c41 . merritt swing the knife at Ralph 's face , but he duck . the knife sever the plastic case over a power cord , send half the hallway into darkness . the power cord spark and sputter on the floor like a snake . Ralph wait for merritt to swing the knife again , then knock it from the alien 's hand . ralph now we have a fair fight . Ralph move in and begin pummel merritt with he fist . merritt try block the blow , but flesh really be no match for steel . Ralph be go to beat merritt to death . int . hallway # 6 -- day garby and nowlan listen to the fight . garby move to help merritt , but nowlan hold she back . it 's merritt 's fight . int . hallway # 7 -- day Ralph slam a fist so hard into merritt 's face , it knock he a dozen foot backwards . merritt hit the floor hard . he touch the gun again , wonder if he should use it . merritt no fuck way . Ralph laugh and charge he , ready to put a end to it . merritt look up at Ralph . ralph now you die ! Ralph be almost on top of merritt when he grab the sparking electrical wire and force it into Ralph 's eye socket . Ralph scream , sparking , and catch fire . merritt knew you would get a charge out of that . ( continued ) 96 . merritt move to he foot as Ralph fall over , sparking , twitching , dead . that's when the rest of the android attack ! they charge at merritt . two dozen metal killer . merritt run ! int . hallway # 6 -- day garby hear someone run around the corner , and get ready to attack . but it 's merritt . merritt come on ! come on ! he keep on run . nowlan and garby fall in beside he . the pounding of hundred of android foot echoe , as the Army of android roar down hallway # 7 to hallway # 6 . merritt , nowlan , and garby run like hell . then garby trip and go down . hard . the android round the corner from hallway # 7 . merritt see that garby be not with they . merritt garby ? he see she on the floor , try to get to she foot . the android race towards they . merritt go back for she . grabbing she hand and pull she to she foot . then he roll the explosive cart into the charge android , knock the three in the lead down . merritt come on ! he and garby run like hell down the hallway , until they come to the shuttle bay door . at the shuttle BAY door nowlan use he mag card to open the door . ( continued ) 97 . merritt pull out he gun and take careful aim down the barrel at the detonator button . the android be on they foot , try to get around the explosive cart . more and more of they pour into the hallway by the minute . hundred of android . merritt ready ? nowlan do it . merritt squeeze the trigger . firing the last bullet . bang ! miss the detonator , but take off a android 's head . merritt shit ! nowlan we will not have time for lift off if we can not keep they away from the shuttle . the android begin move towards they . gernsbeck I will take care of it . before anyone can stop he , gernsbeck begin charge the army of android . garby daddy ! no! no ! nowlan and merritt drag garby through the shuttle bay door . int . shuttle -- day nowlan lock the shuttle door behind they as merritt start press button on the control panel . merritt hope I remember how to drive one of this thing . he hit a switch , and the rocket engine begin to roar . 98 . int . hallway # 6 -- day gernsbeck be grab by a pair of android before he can make it to the detonator . he use all of he strength to drag they back with he . when gernsbeck get to the cart of explosive , a android grab he from behind , choke he . android now you die , warden . gernsbeck go to hell . gernsbeck press the detonator button . blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam ! the android and everything else in the hallway be blow to fiery bit . flame race the hallway . ext . planet isaac -- day the shuttle take off from the docking bay , zoom away from the surface of Isaac and it 's twin sun . ext . outer space -- night the shuttle zoom away from Planet Isaac . blaaaaaaaam ! a massive explosion rip through the planet , turn the surface into a fireball . int . shuttle -- night merritt , garby , and nowlan look out the shuttle window at the fireball which be once the planet Isaac . merritt think we use too much dynamite ? the three be safe . merritt fuel cell will take we all the way to saturn . nowlan we be safe . ( continued ) 99 . garby go home . garby smile , and touch merritt 's shoulder . ext . shuttle -- night the shuttle zoom off into deep space and we .... fade out . the end " android army " c 2000 by William c. martell