return of the jedi by lawrence kasdan &amp ; George Lucas from the novel by George Lucas third draft property of lucasfilm Ltd . completion date December 1 , 1981 1 space the boundless heaven serve as a back - drop for the MAIN title , follow by a roll - up , which crawl into infinity . episode VI return of the jedi luke skywalker have return to he home planet of tatooine in a attempt to rescue he friend han solo from the clutches of theÊvile gangster jabba the Hutt . Little do luke know that the galactic empire have secretly begin construction on a new armored space station even more powerful than the first dread death Star . when complete , this ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of rebel struggle to restore freedom to the galaxy ... pan down to reveal a monstrous half - complete death Star , its massive superstructure curling away from the complete section like the arm of a giant octopus . Beyond , in benevolent contrast , float the small , green moon of endor . a Imperial Star destroyer move overhead toward the massive armored space station , follow by two zipping tie fighter . a small Imperial shuttle rocket from the main bay of the ship and hustle toward the death Star . 2 int imperial shuttle - cockpit the shuttle captain make contact with the death Star . shuttle captain Command station , this be ST 321 . code clearance Blue . we be start we approach . deactivate the security shield . death STAR controller ( filter vo ) the security deflector shield will be deactivate when we have confirmation of you code transmission . stand by ... you be clear to proceed . shuttle captain we be start we approach . 3 int death STAR - control room Operators move about among the control panel . a shield operator hit switch beside a large screen , on which be a display of the death Star , the moon endor , and a bright web delineate the invisible deflector shield . a control officer rush over to the shield operator . officer inform the commander that Lord vader 's shuttle have arrive . operator yes , sir . the control officer move to a view port and watch as the Imperial shuttle land in the massive docking bay . a squad of Imperial stormtrooper move into formation before the craft . 4 int death STAR - MAIN docking BAY the death STAR commander , moff jerjerrod , a tall , confident technocrat , stride through the assemble troops to the base of the shuttle ramp . the troops snap to attention ; many be uneasy about the new arrival . but the death Star commander stand arrogantly tall . the exit hatch of the shuttle open with a whoosh , revealing only darkness . then , heavy footstep and mechanical breathing . from this black void appear darth vader , lord of the sith . vader look over the assemblage as he walk down the ramp . jerjerrod Lord vader , this be a unexpected pleasure . we be honore by you presence . vader you may dispense with the pleasantry , Commander . I be here to put you back on schedule . the commander turn ashen and begin to shake . jerjerrod I assure you , Lord vader , my man be work as fast as they can . vader perhaps I can find new way to motivate they . jerjerrod I tell you , this station will be operational as plan . vader the Emperor do not share you optimistic appraisal of the situation . jerjerrod but he ask the impossible . I need more man . vader then perhaps you can tell he when he arrive . jerjerrod ( aghast ) the Emperor 's come here ? vader that be correct , Commander . and he be most displease with you apparent lack of progress . jerjerrod we shall double we effort . vader I hope so , Commander , for you sake . the Emperor be not as forgive as I be . 5 ext road to jabba' palace - tatooine a lonely , windswept road meander through the desolate tatooine terrain . we hear a familiar beeping and a distinctive reply before catch sight of artoo - detoo and see - threepio , make they way along the road toward the ominous palace of jabba the Hutt . threepio of course I be worried . and you should be , too . lando calrissian and poor chewbacca never return from this awful place . artoo whistle timidly . threepio do not be so sure . if I tell you half the thing I have hear about this jabba the Hutt , you would probably short - circuit . the two droid fearfully approach the massive gate to the palace . threepio artoo , be you sure this be the right place ? I better knock , I suppose . 6 ext jabba' palace - gate threepio look around for some kind of signal device , then timidly knock on the iron door . threepio ( instantly ) there do not seem to be anyone there . let 's go back and tell master luke . a small hatch in the middle of the door open and a spidery mechanical arm , with a large electronic eyeball on the end , pop out and inspect the two droid . strange voice tee chuta hhat yudd ! threepio goodness gracious I ! threepio point to artoo , then to himself . threepio artoo detoowha bo seethreepiowha ey toota odd mischka jabba du Hutt . the eye look from one robot to the other , there be a laugh then the eye zip back into the door . the hatch slam shut . artoo beep he concern . threepio I do not think they be go to let we in , artoo . we would better go . artoo beep he reluctance as threepio turn to leave . suddenly the massive door start to rise with a horrific metallic screech . the robot turn back and face a endless black cavity . the droid look at one another , afraid to enter . artoo start forward into the gloom . threepio rush after he stubby companion . the door lower noisily behind they . threepio artoo , wait . oh , dear ! artoo . artoo , I really do not think we should rush into all this . artoo continue down the corridor , with threepio follow . threepio oh , artoo ! artoo , wait for I ! 7 int jabba' palace - hallway the door slam shut with a loud crash that echoe throughout the dark passageway . the frighten robot be meet by two giant , green gamorrean guard , who fall in behind they . threepio glance quickly back at the two lumber brute , then back to artoo . one guard grunt a order . artoo beep nervously . threepio just you deliver master luke 's message and get we out of here . oh my ! oh ! oh , no . walk toward they out of the darkness be bib fortuna , a humanlike alien with long tentacles protrude from he skull . bib die wanna wanga ! threepio oh , my ! die wanna wauaga . we -- we bring a message to you master , jabba the Hutt . artoo let out a series of quick beep . threepio ( cont ) ... and a gift . ( think a moment , then to artoo ) gift , what gift ? bib shake he head negatively . bib nee jabba no badda . I chaade su goodie . bib hold out he hand toward artoo and the tiny droid back up a bit , let out a protest array of squeak . threepio turn to the strange- look alien . threepio he say that we instruction be to give it only to jabba himself . bib think about this for a moment . threepio I be terribly sorry . I be afraid he 's ever so stubborn about this sort of thing . bib gesture for the droid to follow . bib nudd chaa . the droid follow the tall , tentacled alien into the darkness , trail by the two guard . threepio artoo , I have a bad feel about this . 8 int jabba' throne room the throne room be fill with the vilest , most grotesque creature ever conceive in the universe . artoo and threepio seem very small as they pause in the doorway to the dimly light chamber . Light shaft partially illuminate the drunken courtier as bib fortuna cross the room to the platform upon which rest the leader of this nauseate crowd : jabba the hutt . the monarch of the galactic underworld be a repulsive blob of bloat fat with a maniacal grin . chain to the horrible creature be the beautiful alien female dancer name oola . at the foot of the dais sit a obnoxious birdlike creature , salacious crumb . bib whisper something in the slobbering degenerate 's ear . jabba laugh horribly , at the two terrify droid before he . threepio bow politely . threepio good morning . jabba bo shuda ! the robot jump forward to stand before the repulsive , loose-skinned villain . threepio the message , artoo , the message . artoo whistle , and a beam of light project from he dome head , create a hologram of luke on the floor . the image grow to over ten foot tall , and the young jedi tower over the space gangster . luke greeting , exalted one . allow I to introduce myself . I be luke skywalker , jedi knight and friend to Captain solo . I know that you be powerful , mighty jabba , and that you anger with solo must be equally powerful . I seek a audience with you greatness to bargain for solo 's life . ( jabba 's crowd laugh ) with you wisdom , I be sure that we can work out a arrangement which will be mutually beneficial and enable we to avoid any unpleasant confrontation . as a token of my goodwill , I present to you a gift : this two droid . threepio be startle by this announcement . threepio what do he say ? luke ( cont ) ... both be hardwork and will serve you well . threepio this can not be ! artoo , you be play the wrong message . luke 's hologram disappear . jabba laugh while bib speak to he in huttese . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) there will be no bargain . threepio we be doom . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) I will not give up my favorite decoration . I like Captain solo where he be . jabba laugh hideously and look toward a alcove beside the throne . hanging high , flat against the wall , exactly as we see he last , be a carbonize han solo . threepio artoo , look ! Captain solo . and he 's still freeze in carbonite . 9 int dungeon corridor one of jabba 's gamorrean guard march artoo and threepio down a dank , shadowy passageway line with hold cell . the cry of unspeakable creature bounce off the cold stone wall . occasionally a repulsive arm or tentacle grab through the bar at the hapless droid . artoo beep pitifully . threepio what could possibly have come over master luke . be it something I do ? he never express any unhappiness with my work . oh ! oh! hold it ! ohh ! a large tentacle wrap around threepio 's neck . he manage to break free , and they move on to a door at the end of the corridor . 10 int boiler room the door slide open , revealing a room fill with steam and noisy machinery . the guard motion they into the boiler room , where they be meet by a tall , thin humanlike robot name ev - 9 d9 . behind the robot can be see a torture rack pull the leg off a scream baby work droid . a second power droid be upside down . as smoking brand iron be press into he foot , the stubby robot let out a agonize electronic scream . artoo and threepio cringe as the guard grunt to ev - 9 d9 . ninedenine ah , good . New acquisition . you be a protocol droid , be you not ? threepio I be see-threepio , human-cy ... ninedenine yes or no will do . threepio oh . well , yes . ninedenine how many language do you speak ? threepio I be fluent in over six million form of communication , and can readily ... ninedenine splendid ! we have be without a interpreter since we master get angry with we last protocol droid and disintegrated he . threepio disintegrate ? ninedenine ( to a gamorrean guard ) Guard ! this protocol droid might be useful . fit he with a restrain bolt and take he back to his excellency 's main audience chamber . the guard shove threepio toward the door . threepio ( disappear ) artoo , do not leave I ! ohhh ! artoo let out a plaintive cry as the door close . then he beep angrily . ninedenine you be a feisty little one , but you will soon learn some respect . I have need for you on the master 's sail barge . and I think you will fit in nicely . the poor work droid in the background let out another torture electronic scream . 11 int jabba' throne room the court of jabba the Hutt be in the midst of a drunken , raucous party . sloppy , smelly monster cheer and make rude noise as oola and a fat female dancer perform in front of jabba 's throne . jabba leer at the dancer and with a lustful gleam in he eye beckon oola to come and sit with he . she stop dance and back away , shaking she head . jabba get angry and point to a spot next to he . jabba Da eitha ! the lovely alien shake she head again and scream . oola na chuba negatorie na! na! natoota ... jabba be furious and pull she toward he , tug on the chain . jabba boscka ! he push a button and , before the dancer can flee , a trap door in the floor spring open and swallow she up . as the door snap shut , a muffle growl be follow by a hideous scream . jabba and he monstrous friend laugh hysterically and several reveler hurry over to watch she fate through a grate . threepio cringe and glance wistfully at the carbonite form of han solo , but be immediately distract by a gunshot offscreen . êan unnatural quiet sweep the boisterous gather . on the far side of the room , the crush of debaucher move aside to allow the approach of two guard follow by boushh , a oddly cloak bounty hunter , lead he captive , han solo 's copilot , chewbacca the wookiee . bib take he place next to he disgusting master , and whisper into he ear , point at chewbacca and the bounty hunter . jabba listen intently , then the bounty hunter bow before the gangster and speak a greeting in a strange , electronically process tongue ( ubese ) . boushh ( in ubese subtitle ) I have come for the bounty on this wookiee . threepio oh , no ! chewbacca ! jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) at last we have the mighty chewbacca . jabba let out a loud , long , blood -curdle laugh and turn to threepio , wave he closer . the reluctant droid obey . threepio oh , uh , yes , uh , I be here , you worshipfulness . uh ... yes ! jabba continue speak , as threepio nervously translate . boushh listen , study the dangerous creature around the room . he notice boba fett stand near the door . threepio oh . the illustrious jabba bid you welcome and will gladly pay you the reward of twenty - five thousand . boushh ( in ubese subtitle ) I want fifty thousand . no less . jabba immediately fly into a rage , knock the golden droid off the raise throne into a clatter heap on the floor . boushh adjust he weapon as jabba rave in huttese and threepio struggle back onto the throne . the dishevel droid try to compose himself . threepio uh , oh ... but what , what do I say ? ( to boushh ) uh , the mighty jabba ask why he must pay fifty thousand . the bounty hunter hold up a small silver ball in he hand . threepio look at it , then look at jabba , then back to the bounty hunter . the droid be very nervous and jabba be get very impatient . threepio because he 's hold a thermal detonator . the guard instantly back away , as do most of the other monster in the room . jabba stare at the silver ball , which begin to glow in the bounty hunter 's hand . the room have fall into a tense hush . jabba stare at the bounty hunter malevolently until a sly grin creep across he vast mouth and he begin to laugh . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) this bounty hunter be my kind of scum . fearless and inventive . jabba continue . threepio jabba offer the sum of thirty - five . and I suggest you take it . bib and the other monster study the bounty hunter and wait for he reaction . boushh release a switch on the thermal detonator and it go dead . boushh Zeebuss . threepio he agree ! the raucous crowd of monster erupt in a symphony of cheer and applause as the party return to its full noisy pitch . chewbacca growl . as he be lead away we spot lando calrissian , disguise as a skiff guard in a partial face mask . the band start up and dance girl take the center of the floor , to the hoot of the loudly appreciative creature . boushh lean against a column with gunfighter cool and survey the scene , he gaze stop only when it connect with a glare from across the room . boba fett be watch he . boushh shift slightly , cradling he weapon lovingly . boba fett shift with equally ominous arrogance . 12 int dungeon corridor and cell gamorrean guard lead chewie down the same hallway we see before . when a tentacle reach out at the wookiee , chewie 's ferocious roar echoe against the wall and the tentacle snap back into its cell in terror . it take all the guard to hurl chewie roughly into a cell , slamm the door behind he . chewie let out a pathetic howl and bang on the iron door . 13 ext jabba' palace the palace be sit in the light of the double sunset . on the road in front , a large toadlike creature flick its tongue out for a desert rodent and burp in satisfaction . 14 int jabba' throne room - night silence . the room be desert , only the awful debris of the alien celebration give mute witness to the activity here before . several drunk creature lie unconscious around the room , snore loudly . a shadowy figure move stealthily among the column at the perimeter of the room and be reveal to be boushh , the bounty hunter . he pick he way carefully through the snore , drunken monster . han solo , the freeze space pirate , hang spotlighted on the wall , he coffin-like case suspend by a force field . the bounty hunter deactivate the force field by flipping a control switch to one side of the coffin . the heavy case slowly lower to the floor of the alcove . boushh step up to the case , study han , and then turn to the control on the side of the coffin . he activate a series of switch and , after one last hesitant look at han , slide the de-carbonization lever . the case begin to emit a sound as the hard shell cover the contour of han 's face begin to melt away . the bounty hunter watch as han 's body be freed of its metallic coat and he forearm and hand , previously raise in reflexive protest , drop slackly to he side . his face muscle relax from they mask of horror . he appear quite dead . boushh 's ugly helmet lean close to han 's face listen for the breath of life . nothing . he wait . han 's eye pop open with a start and he begin cough . the bounty hunter steady the staggering newborn . boushh just relax for a moment . you be free of the carbonite . han touch he face with he hand and moan . boushh shhh . you have hibernation sickness . han I can not see . boushh you eyesight will return in time . han where be I ? boushh jabba 's palace . han who be you ? the bounty hunter reach up and lift the helmet from he head , revealing the beautiful face of princess leia . leia someone who love you . han leia ! leia I gotta get you out of here . as leia help she weaken lover to stand up , the relative quiet be pierce by a obscene huttese cackle from the other side of the alcove . han what 's that ? I know that laugh . the curtain on the far side of the alcove open , revealing jabba the Hutt , surround by bib and other alien . he laugh again , and he gross croney join in a cacophony of alien glee . han hey , jabba . look , jabba , I be just on my way to pay you back , but I get a little sidetracked . it 's not my fault . jabba laugh . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) it 's too late for that , solo . you may have be a good smuggler , but now you be bantha fodder . han look ... jabba ( cont huttese subtitle ) take he away ! the guard grab han and start to lead he away . han jabba ... I will pay you triple ! you be throw away a fortune here . do not be a fool ! han be drag off , as lando quickly move forward and attempt to lead leia away . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) bring she to I . jabba chuckle as lando and a second guard drag the beautiful young princess toward he . threepio peek from behind a monster and quickly turn away in disgust . leia we have powerful friend . you be gonna regret this ... jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) I be sure . inexorably she lovely face move to within a few inch of jabba 's ugly blob of a head , and leia turn away in disgust . leia ugh ! threepio ohhh , I can not bear to watch . 15 int dungeon cell the heavy metal door of the dungeon whine and slowly creak open . a guard throw the blind star captain into the dark cell and the door slam shut behind he , leave only a thin sliver of light from a crack in the door . han be try to collect himself when suddenly a growl be hear from the far side of the cell . he jump back against the cell door and listen . han chewie ? chewie , be that you ? the shadowy figure let out a crazy yell and race toward han , lift he off the ground with a big hug that carry they into the light , revealing chewie . han ah ! chew -- chewie ! the giant wookiee bark with glee . han wait . I can not see , pal . what 's goin ' on ? chewie bark a excited blue streak . han luke ? luke 's crazy . he can not even take care of himself , much less rescue anybody . chewie bark a reply . han a... jedi knight ? I - - I be out of it for a little while , everybody get delusion of grandeur . chewie growl insistently . he hold han to he chest and pet he head . han I be all right , pal . I be all right . 16 int MAIN gate and hall - jabba' palace noisily , the main gate lift to flood the blackness with blind light and reveal the silhouett figure of luke skywalker . he be clad in a robe similar to Ben 's and wear neither pistol nor laser sword . luke stride purposefully into the hallway . two giant guard move to block luke 's path . luke halt . luke raise he hand and point at the puzzle guard , who immediately lower they spear and fall back . the young jedi lower he hand and move on down the hallway . bib fortuna appear out of the gloom . he speak to luke as they approach each other , but luke do not stop and bib must reverse he direction and hurry alongside the young jedi in order to carry on the conversation . several other guard fall in behind they in the darkness . luke I must speak with jabba . bib answer in huttese , shaking he head in denial . luke stop and stare at bib ; he raise he hand slightly . luke you will take I to jabba now ! bib turn in hypnotic response to luke 's command , and luke follow he into the gloom . luke you serve you master well . bib respond . luke and you will be reward . 17 int jabba' throne room jabba be asleep on he throne , with leia lie in front of he . salacious sit by jabba 's tail , watch it wriggle . leia be now dress in the skimpy costume of a dance girl ; a chain run from a manacle / necklace at she throat to she new master , jabba the Hutt . threepio stand behind jabba as bib come up to the gangster slug . threepio at last ! master luke 's come to rescue I . bib master . jabba awaken with a start and bib continue , in huttese . bib ... luke skywalker , jedi knight . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) I tell you not to admit he . luke I must be allow to speak . bib ( in huttese subtitle ) he must be allow to speak . jabba , furious , clobber bib and shove he away . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) you weak -mind fool ! he 's use a old jedi mind trick . luke stare hard at jabba . luke you will bring Captain solo and the wookiee to I . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) you mind power will not work on I , boy . luke nevertheless , I be take Captain solo and he friend . you can either profit by this ... or be destroy ! it 's you choice . but I warn you not to underestimate my power . jabba 's laugh be mean and loud . threepio attempt to warn luke about the pit . threepio master luke , you be stand on ... jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) there will be no bargain , young jedi . I shall enjoy watch you die . luke reach out , and a pistol jump out of a guard 's holster and fly into luke 's hand . the bewilder guard grab for it as jabba raise he hand . jabba bascka ! the floor suddenly drop away , send luke and the hapless guard into the pit . the pistol go off , blast a hole in the ceiling . jabba laugh and he courtier join in . leia start forward but be restrain by a human guard -- lando , recognizable behind he mask . she look at he and he shake he head " no . " 18 int rancor pit luke and the guard have drop twenty - five foot from a chute into the dungeonlike cage . luke get to he foot as the guard yell hysterically for help . a crowd gather up around the edge of the pit as the door in the side of the pit start to rumble open . the guard scream in panic . luke look calmly around for a mean of escape . threepio oh , no ! the rancor ! at the side of the pit , a iron door rumble upward and a giant , fange rancor emerge . the guard run to the side of the pit and try futilely to scramble to the top . the hideous beast close in on he . the rancor move past luke , and as the guard continue to scramble , the rancor pick he up and pop he into its slaver jaw . a few scream , and the guard be swallow with a gulp . the audience cheer and laugh at the guard 's fate . the monster turn and start for luke . the young jedi dash away just ahead of the monster 's swipe at he , and pick up the long arm bone of a earlier victim . the monster grab luke and bring he up to he salivate mouth . at the last moment , luke wedge the bone in the monster 's mouth and be drop to the floor . the monster bellow in rage and flail about , hit the side of the pit , cause a avalanche . the monster crush the bone in its jaw and see luke , who squeeze into a crevice in the pit wall . luke look past the monster to the hold cave beyond . on the far side of the hold cave be a utility door -- if only he can get to it . the rancor spot luke and reach into the crevice for he . luke grab a large rock and raise it , smash it down on the rancor 's finger . 19 holding tunnel - rancor pit the rancor let out a loud howl as luke make a run for the hold cave . he reach the door and push a button to open it . when he succeed , he see a heavy bar gate between he and safety . Beyond the gate two guard look up from they dinner . luke turn to see the monster head for he , and pull with all he might on the gate . the guard move to the gate and start poke at the young jedi with spear , laugh . luke crouch ( against the wall ) as the monster start to reach for he . suddenly he notice a main door control panel halfway up the wall . as the rancor move in for the kill , luke pick up a skull from the cave floor and hurl it at the panel . the giant overhead door come crash down on the beast 's head , squashing it like a sledgehammer on a egg . a startle gasp be hear from the stunne court . there 's consternation at this turn of event . head look to jabba , who be actually turn red with anger . leia can not suppress she joy . jabba utter harsh command to he guard and they hurry off . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) bring I solo and the wookiee . they will all suffer for this outrage . 21 int rancor pit the rancor keeper have come into the cage and be examine they dead beast . one of they break down and weep . the other glare menacingly at luke , who be unworry . several guard rush into the hold tunnel and take luke away . 22 int throne room the crowd of creepy courtier part as han and chewie be bring into the throne room , and other guard drag luke up the step . luke han ! han luke ! luke be you all right ? han Fine . together again , huh ? luke would not miss it . han how be we do ? luke the same as always . han that bad , huh ? where 's leia ? luke look to leia . leia I be here . threepio be stand behind the grotesque gangster as he stroke leia like a pet cat . several of the guard , include lando , bring luke from the other side of the room . boba be stand behind jabba . threepio step forward and translate for the captive . threepio oh , dear . his High exaltedness , the great jabba the Hutt , have decreed that you be to be terminate immediately . han good , I hate long wait . threepio you will therefore be take to the dune Sea and cast into the pit of carkoon , the nest place of the all - powerful sarlacc . han ( to luke ) do not sound so bad . threepio in he belly , you will find a new definition of pain and suffer , as you be slowly digested over a thousand year . han on second think , let 's pass on that , huh ? chewie bark he agreement . luke you should have bargain , jabba . that 's the last mistake you will ever make . jabba cackle evilly at this . as the guard drag the prisoner from the throne room , a loud cheer rise from the crowd . leia and chewie exchange concerned look , but luke skywalker , jedi warrior , can not suppress a smile . 23 ext tatooine sea - skiff jabba 's huge sail barge move above the desert surface accompany by two smaller skiff . one of the skiff glide close , revealing luke , han , and chewie -- all in bond -- surround by guard , one of whom be lando in disguise . han I think my eye be get better . instead of a big dark blur , I see a big light blur . luke there 's nothing to see . I use to live here , you know . han you be gonna die here , you know . convenient . luke just stick close to chewie and lando . I have take care of everything . han oh ... great ! 24 int barge observation deck jabba the Hutt ride like a sultan in the massive antigravity ship . his entire retinue be with he , drink , eat , and have a good time . leia be watch she friend in the skiff when the chain attach to she neck be pull tight and jabba tug the scantily clad princess to he . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) soon you will learn to appreciate I . threepio wander among the sail barge alien , bump into a smaller droid serve drink , spilling they all over the place . the stubby droid let out a angry series of beep and whistle . threepio oh , I be terribly sor ... artoo ! what be you do here ? artoo beep a quick reply . threepio well , I can see you be serve drink , but this place be dangerous . they be go to execute master luke and , if we be not careful , we too ! artoo whistle a singsong response . threepio hmm . I wish I have you confidence . 25 ext sarlacc pit the convoy move up over a huge sand pit . the sail barge stop to one side of the depression , as do the escort skiff . but the prisoner 's skiff move out directly over the center and hover . at the bottom of the deep cone of sand be a repulsive , mucous-line hole , surround by thousand of needle - sharp tooth . this be the sarlacc . a plank be extend from the edge of the prisoner 's skiff . Guards release luke 's bond and shove he out onto the plank above the sarlacc 's mouth . 26 ext sail barge observation deck jabba and leia be now by the rail , watch . threepio lean forward and the slobbering villain mumble something to he . as threepio step up to a comlink , jabba raise he arm and the motley array of intergalactic pirate fall silent . threepio 's voice be amplify across loudspeaker . threepio victim of the almighty sarlacc : his excellency hope that you will die honorably . but should any of you wish to beg for mercy , the great jabba the Hutt will now listen to you plea . 27 ext skiff han step forward arrogantly and begin to speak . han threepio , you tell that slimy piece of ... worm -ridden filth he will get no such pleasure from we . right ? chewie growl he agreement . luke jabba ! this be you last chance . free we or die . lando move unobtrusively along the skiff as luke shoot a quick look of conspiracy to he . 28 int sail barge observation deck the assemble monster rock with mock laughter as artoo zip unnotice up the ramp to the upper deck . jabba 's laughter subside as he speak into the comlink . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) move he into position . jabba make a thumb -down gesture . leia look worried . 29 ext barge - upper deck artoo appear from below and zip over to the rail face the pit . below , in the skiff , luke be prodd by a guard to the edge of the plank over the gape sarlacc . luke look up at artoo , then give a jaunty salute : the signal the little droid have be wait for . a flap open in artoo 's dome head . jabba ( in huttese subtitle ) put he in . 30 ext skiff - plank luke be prodd and jump off the plank to the cheer of the bloodthirsty spectator . but , before anyone can even perceive what be happen , he spin around and grab the end of the plank by he fingertip . the plank bend wildly from he weight and catapult he skyward . in midair he do a complete flip and drop down on the end of the plank in the same spot he just vacate , but face the skiff . he casually extend a open palm and -- he lightsaber , which artoo have send arcing toward he , drop into he hand . with samurai speed , luke ignites it and attack the guard who prodd he off the plank , send the hapless monster scream overboard . the other guard swarm toward luke . he wade into they , lightsaber flash . lando struggle with another guard at the back of the skiff . 31 ext sarlacc pit a bewilder guard land in the soft , sandy slope of the pit , and begin slide . he claw desperately as a sarlacc tentacle grab he and pull he scream into the viscous mouth . 32 int sail barge jabba watch this and explode in rage . he bark command , and the guard around he rush off to do he bid . the scuzzy creature watch the action from the window be in a uproar . 33 ext skiff luke knock another guard off the skiff and into the wait mouth of the sarlacc . he start to untie chewie 's bond . luke easy , chewie . at that moment , the deck gunman on the barge unleash a series of blast from a big cannon on the upper deck . lando be toss from the deck of the rock skiff . he manage to grab a rope , and dangle desperately above the sarlacc pit . lando whoa ! whoa ! help ! 34 ext upper deck - sail barge with two swift stride , the dangerous boba fett ignites he rocket pack , leap into the air , and fly from the barge down to the skiff . 35 ext skiff boba land on the skiff and start to aim he laser gun at luke , who have freed han and chewie from they bond . but before boba can fire , the young jedi spin on he , lightsaber sweeping , and hack the bounty hunter 's gun in half . immediately , the skiff take another direct hit from the barge 's deck gun . shard of skiff deck fly . chewie and han be throw against the rail . han chewie , you okay ? where be he ? the wookiee be wounded and he howl in pain . han I be okay , pal . for a moment , luke be distract , and in that moment , boba fire a cable out of he armored sleeve . instantly , luke be wrap in a strong cable , he arm pin against he side , he sword arm free only from the wrist down . luke bend he wrist so the lightsaber point straight up to reach the wire lasso and cut through . luke shrug away the cable and stand free . another blast from the barge 's deck gun hit near boba and he be knock unconscious to the deck , next to where lando be hang . lando han ! chewie ? han lando ! luke be a little shake but remain stand as a fusillade bracket he . the second skiff , load with guard fire they weapon , move in on luke fast . luke leap toward the income second skiff . the young jedi leap into the middle of the second skiff and begin decimate the guard from they midst . chewie , wounded , try to lift himself as he bark direction to han , guide he toward a spear which have be drop by one of the guard . han search the deck as chewie bark direction ; finally he grab hold of the spear . boba fett , badly shake , rise from the deck . he look over at the other skiff , where luke be whipping a mass of guard . boba raise he arm , and aim he lethal appendage . chewie bark desperately at han . han boba fett ?! boba fett ?! where ? the space pirate turn around blindly , and the long spear in he hand whacks squarely in the middle of boba 's rocket pack . the impact of the swing cause the rocket pack to ignite . boba blast off , fly over the second skiff like a missile , smash against the side of the huge sail barge and slide away into the pit . he scream as he armored body make its last flight past lando and directly into the mucous mouth of the sarlacc . the sarlacc burp . chewie growl a weak congratulation to han . 36 int sail barge leia turn from the spectacle outside , leap onto jabba 's throne , and throw the chain that enslave she over he head around he bulbous neck . then she dive off the other side of the throne , pull the chain violently in she grasp . jabba 's flaccid neck contract beneath the tightening chain . his huge eye bulge from they socket and he scum-coate tongue flop out . the exalted Hutt 's huge tail spasm through its death throes and then slam down into final stillness . leia struggle to free herself of she bondage . 37 ext skiff luke continue to destroy the alien on the guard ' skiff , as han extend he spear downward to lando , who be still dangle precariously from a rope on the prisoner 's skiff . han lando , grab it ! lando lower it ! han I be try ! a major hit from the barge deck gun knock the skiff on its side . han and almost everything else on board slide overboard . the rope break , and lando fall to the side of the sarlacc pit . luckily , han 's foot catch on the skiff railing and he dangle above lando and the pit . the wounded wookiee hold onto the skiff for dear life as another hit from the deck gun rock the skiff violently . han whoa ! whoa ! grab I , chewie ! I be slip . chewie grab hold of han 's foot , hold he upside down , as han extend the spear toward lando , who be clutching to the side of the pit . han grab it ! l--lando . grab ! luke finish off the last guard on the second skiff . he see the deck gun blast away at he helpless companion . luke leap from the skiff , across a chasm of air , to the sheer metallic side of the sail barge . barely able to get a fingerhold , he begin a painful climb up the hull , when suddenly a ax smashes through a window a inch from he head . with jedi agility , luke grasp the wrist hold the ax and yank the helpless guard through the break window and into the deadly pit . the injure chewie be reach over the rail for the dangle han , who be in turn blindly reach down toward the desperate lando . the Baron have stop he slippage down the sandy slope of the sarlacc pit by lie very still . every time he try to reach for han , the loose sand move he closer to he final reward . han grab it ! almost ... you almost get it ! another blast hit the front of the tilt skiff , cause lando to let go of the spear . lando hold it ! whoa ! again han extend the spear toward lando . han gently now . all ... all right . now easy , easy . hold I , chewie . lando scream . one of the sarlacc 's tentacles have wrap tightly around he ankle , drag he down the side of the pit . han chewie ! chewie , give I the gun . do not move , lando . lando no , wait ! I think you be blind ! han it 's all right . trust I . do not move . lando all right ! a little higher ! just a little higher ! han adjust he aim as lando lower he head , and the fuzzy - eye pirate fire at the tentacle . direct hit . the tentacle release lando , and chewie start to pull they on board the skiff . han chewie , pull we up ! come on ! okay ... up , chewie , up ! 38 ext upper deck the deck gunner have chewie and the desperate dangle human chain in they gun sight when something up on deck command they attention : luke , stand before they like a pirate king , ignites he lightsaber . the deck gunner have barely reach for they pistol before the young jedi have demolish they . immediately , luke turn to see two more gunner ( who have be uncover a giant gun at the end of the barge ) racing for he , fire they laser pistol . 39 int sail barge - observation deck leia be struggle against she chain in desperation as artoo zip through the tumult of confuse monster to the rescue ; the stubby little droid extend a small laser gun and blast the chain apart . leia come on . we gotta get out of here quick . artoo and leia race for the exit , pass threepio , who be kick and scream as salacious crumb , the reptilian monkey - monster pick out one of the golden droid 's eye . threepio not my eye ! artoo , help ! quickly , artoo . oh ! ohhh ! you beast ! artoo zip over and zap salacious , send he skyward with a scream , crash into the rafter as artoo , leia , and threepio ( with he eye dangle from a wire ) hurry off . 40 ext upper deck - sail barge luke be ward off laser blast with he lightsaber , surround by guard and fight like a demon . leia emerge onto the deck as luke turn to face another guard . luke ( to leia ) get the gun ! Point it at the deck ! leia turn toward the barge cannon , climb on the platform , and swivel the gun around . luke Point it at the deck ! a laser blast hit luke 's mechanical hand and he bend over in pain , but manage to swing he lightsaber upward and take out the last of the guard . he look at the wounded hand , which reveal the mechanism . he flexe the hand ; it still work . near the rail of the upper deck , artoo and threepio steady themselves as threepio get ready to jump . artoo beep wildly . threepio artoo , where be we go ? I could not possibly jump . artoo butt the golden droid over the edge and step off himself , tumble toward the sand . luke run along the empty deck toward leia and the barge gun , which she have bring around to point down at the deck . luke come on ! luke have hold on one of the rigging rope from the mast . he gather leia in he other arm and kick the trigger of the deck gun . the gun explode into the deck as luke and leia swing out toward the skiff . 41 ext skiff han lean panting against the rail as chewie help lando onto the deck . luke and leia land on the skiff with flair . luke let 's go ! and do not forget the droid . lando we be on we way . the sail barge be explode in stage in the distance . half of the huge craft be on fire . 42 ext sand dune threepio 's leg stick straight up from the dune where he land . next to it , artoo 's periscope be the only thing above the sand . the skiff float above they and two large electromagnets dangle down on a wire . with a loud clang , both droid be pull from the sand . 43 ext dune sea the little skiff skip around the burn sail barge , which continue its chain of explosion . as the skiff sail off across the desert , the barge settles to the sand and disappear in one final conflagration . 44 ext dune sea - landing area a ferocious sandstorm block we view . then , through the roar , we hear the voice of we heroes . they emerge slowly from the veil of sand , press on against the wind . first come artoo and threepio , follow by leia guide han , then luke and lando come into view , each support one side of the tower chewbacca , who hobble from he wound . soon , they can make out some large vague shape in the blow sand . it be the millennium falcon and , park beside it , luke 's trusty X -wing and a two -seate y-wing . they must shout to be hear . han I do not know . all I can see be a lot of blow sand ! leia that 's all any of we can see . han ( blink ) then I guess I be get better . as soon as the group huddle under the bulk of the falcon , the wind die down to something more describable as a severe weather condition . threepio hit a switch , and the gang - plank lower with a hum . han ( turn to luke ) I have get to hand it to you , kid , you be pretty good out there . luke ( shrugging it off ) I have a lot of help . think nothing of it . han no , I be think a lot about it . that carbon freeze be the close thing to dead there be . and it be not just sleepin' . it be a big wide awake nothing ! luke nod , as chewie growl affectionately at the young jedi warrior , muss he hair like a proud uncle . and leia warmly hug he . luke ( move to he ship ) I will see you back at the fleet . han why do not you leave that crate and come with we ? luke I have a promise I have to keep first ... to a old friend . luke and artoo take off in they spacecraft . han ( look dubiously at lando , obviously remember he friend 's betrayal and subsequent aide ) guess I owe you some thanks , too , lando . lando figure if I leave you freeze like that you would just give I bad luck the rest of my life , so I might as well get you unfrozen sooner or later . leia he mean " you be welcome . " lando come on , let 's get off this miserable dust ball . 44a ext space above tatooine the desolate yellow planet fill the screen , luke 's X - wing appear and peel off to the leave . a moment later , the falcon appear as a dot and grow huge , to roar directly over the camera . 45 int X - wing - cockpit luke be at the control , with artoo attach behind he outside the canopy . luke speak into he comlink to the other , in the millennium falcon . luke I will meet you back at the fleet . leia ( over comlink ) hurry . the Alliance should be assemble by now . luke I will . han ( over comlink ) hey , luke , thanks . thanks for comin ' after I . now I owe you one . a message from artoo appear on the small monitor screen in front of luke . he smile at the monitor and speak to artoo , as he pull a black glove on to cover he wounded mechanical hand . luke that 's right , artoo . we be go to the dagobah system . I have a promise to keep ... to a old friend . 46 ext space - death STAR and endor a Super Star destroyer and several ship of the Imperial fleet rest in space above the half - complete death Star and its green neighbor , endor . four squad of tie fighter escort a Imperial shuttle toward the death Star . 47 int death STAR - corridor to docking BAY Lord vader stride down the hallway , accompany by a very nervous death Star commander . 48 int docking BAY - death STAR thousands of Imperial troops in tight formation fill the mammoth docking bay . vader and the officer walk to the landing platform , where the shuttle be come to rest . the shuttle 's ramp lower and the Emperor 's Royal Guards come out and create a lethal perimeter . the assemble troops move to rigid attention with a momentous SNAP . then , in the huge silence which follow , the emperor appear . he be a rather small , shrivel old man . his bent frame slowly make its way down the ramp with the aid of a gnarled cane . he wear a hood cloak similar to the one Ben wear , except that it be black . the Emperor 's face be shroud and difficult to see , except for he pierce yellow eye . Commander jerjerrod and darth vader kneel to he . the Supreme ruler of the galaxy beckon to the Dark Lord . emperor ( to vader ) rise , my friend . vader rise and fall in next to the Emperor as he slowly make he way along the row of troops . jerjerrod and the other commander stay kneel until the Supreme ruler and vader , follow by several Imperial dignitary , pass by ; only then do they join in the procession . vader the death Star will be complete on schedule . emperor you have do well , Lord vader . and now I sense you wish to continue you search for young skywalker . vader yes , my master . emperor patience , my friend . in time he will seek you out . and when he do , you must bring he before I . he have grow strong . only together can we turn he to the dark side of the Force . vader as you wish . emperor everything be proceeding as I have foreseen . he laugh to himself as they pass along the vast line of Imperial troops . 49 ext yoda' house - dagobah once again , artoo find himself wait around in the damp environ of the swamp planet , and he 's none too happy about it . he beep disconsolately to himself and turn to look at yoda 's cottage . warm yellow light escape the oddly shape window to fight the gloom . 50 int yoda' house the tip of a walk stick tap hesitantly across the earthen floor of the cottage . we view travel up the stick to the small green hand that clutches it , and then to the familiar face of yoda , the jedi master . his manner be frail , and he voice , though cheerful , seem weaker . yoda hmm . that face you make . look I so old to young eye ? luke be sit in a corner of the cramped space and , indeed , he look have be woeful . caught , he try to hide it . luke no ... of course not . yoda ( tickle , chuckle ) I do , yes , I do ! sick have I become . Old and weak . ( point a crooked finger ) when nine hundred year old you reach , look as good you will not . hmm ? yoda chuckle at this , cough , and hobble over toward he bed . yoda soon will I rest . yes , forever sleep . earned it , I have . yoda sit himself on he bed , with great effort . luke master yoda , you can not die . yoda strong be I with the Force ... but not that strong ! twilight be upon I and soon night must fall . that be the way of thing ... the way of the Force . luke but I need you help . I have come back to complete the training . yoda no more training do you require . already know you that which you need . yoda sigh , and lie back on he bed . luke then I be a jedi ? yoda ( shake he head ) ohhh . not yet . one thing remain : vader . you must confront vader . then , only then , a jedi will you be . and confront he you will . luke be in agony . he be silent for a long moment , screwing up he courage . finally he be able to ask . luke master yoda ... be darth vader my father ? yoda 's eye be full of weariness and compassion . a odd , sad smile crease he face . he turn painfully on he side , away from luke . yoda mmm ... rest I need . yes ... rest . luke watch he , each moment a eternity . luke yoda , I must know . yoda you father he be . luke react as if cut . yoda told you , do he ? luke yes . a new look of concern cross yoda 's face . he close he eye . yoda unexpect this be , and unfortunate ... luke unfortunate that I know the truth ? yoda open he eye again and study the youth . yoda ( gather all he strength ) no. unfortunate that you rush to face he ... that incomplete be you training . not ready for the burden be you . luke well , I be sorry . yoda remember , a jedi 's strength flow from the Force . but beware . anger , fear , aggression . the dark side be they . once you start down the dark path , forever will it dominate you destiny . he beckon the young jedi closer to he . yoda luke ... luke ... do not ... do not underestimate the power of the Emperor , or suffer you father 's fate , you will . luke , when go be I ( cough ) , the last of the jedi will you be . luke , the Force run strong in you family . pass on what you have learn , luke ... ( with great effort ) there be ... another ... Sky ... Sky ... walker . he catch he breath . a shiver run through the ancient green creature , and he die . luke stare at he dead master as he disappear in front of he eye . 51 ext dagobah swamp - x-wing luke wander back to where he ship be sit . artoo beep a greeting , but be ignore by he depressed master . luke kneel down , begin to help artoo with the ship , then stop and shake he head dejectedly . luke I can not do it , artoo . I can not go on alone . BEN ( os ) yoda will always be with you . luke look up to see the shimmer image of BEN kenobi . luke obi-wan ! why do not you tell I ? the ghost of Ben kenobi approach he through the swamp . luke you tell I vader betrayed and murder my father . BEN you father be seduce by the dark side of the Force . he cease to be anakin skywalker and become darth vader . when that happen , the good man who be you father be destroy . so what I have tell you be true ... from a certain point of view . luke ( turn away , derisive ) a certain point of view ! BEN luke , you be go to find that many of the truth we cling to depend greatly on we own point of view . luke be unresponsive . Ben study he in silence for a moment . BEN I do not blame you for be angry . if I be wrong in what I do , it certainly would not have be for the first time . you see , what happen to you father be my fault . Ben pause sadly . BEN anakin be a good friend . luke turn with interest at this . as Ben speak , luke settles on a stump , mesmerize . artoo come over to offer he comforting presence . BEN when I first know he , you father be already a great pilot . but I be amaze how strongly the Force be with he . I take it upon myself to train he as a jedi . I think that I could instruct he just as well as yoda . I be wrong . my pride have have terrible consequence for the galaxy . luke be entrance . luke there 's still good in he . BEN I also think he could be turn back to the good side . it could not be do . he be more machine now than man . twisted and evil . luke I can not do it , Ben . BEN you can not escape you destiny . luke I try to stop he once . I could not do it . BEN vader humble you when first you meet he , luke ... but that experience be part of you training . it teach you , among other thing , the value of patience . have you not be so impatient to defeat vader then , you could have finish you training here with yoda . you would have be prepare . luke but I have to help my friend . BEN ( grin at luke 's indignation ) and do you help they ? it be they who have to save you . you achieve little by rush back prematurely , I fear . luke ( with sadness ) I find out darth vader be my father . BEN to be a jedi , luke , you must confront and then go beyond the dark side - the side you father could not get past . impatience be the easiest door - for you , like you father . only , you father be seduce by what he find on the other side of the door , and you have hold firm . you be no longer so reckless now , luke . you be strong and patient . and now , you must face darth vader again ! luke I can not kill my own father . BEN then the Emperor have already win . you be we only hope . luke yoda speak of another . BEN the other he speak of be you twin sister . luke but I have no sister . BEN hmm . to protect you both from the Emperor , you be hide from you father when you be bear . the Emperor know , as I do , if anakin be to have any offspring , they would be a threat to he . that be the reason why you sister remain safely anonymous . luke leia ! leia 's my sister . BEN you insight serve you well . bury you feeling deep down , luke . they do you credit . but they could be make to serve the Emperor . luke look into the distance , try to comprehend all this . BEN ( continue he narrative ) when you father leave , he do not know you mother be pregnant . you mother and I know he would find out eventually , but we want to keep you both as safe as possible , for as long as possible . so I take you to live with my brother Owen on tatooine ... and you mother take leia to live as the daughter of Senator organa , on alderaan . luke turn , and settles near Ben to hear the tale . BEN ( attempt to give solace with he word ) the organa household be high - bear and politically quite powerful in that system . leia become a princess by virtue of lineage ... no one know she would be adopt , of course . but it be a title without real power , since alderaan have long be a democracy . even so , the family continue to be politically powerful , and leia , follow in she foster father 's path , become a senator as well . that 's not all she become , of course ... she become the leader of she cell in the Alliance against the corrupt Empire . and because she have diplomatic immunity , she be a vital link for get information to the rebel cause . that 's what she be do when she path cross yours ... for she foster parent have always tell she to contact I on tatooine , if she trouble become desperate . luke be overwhelm by the truth , and be suddenly protective of he sister . luke but you can not let she get involved now , Ben . vader will destroy she . BEN she have not be train in the way of the jedi the way you have , luke ... but the Force be strong with she , as it be with all of you family . there be no avoid the battle . you must face and destroy vader ! 52 ext space - rebel fleet the vast rebel fleet stretch as far as the eye can see . overhead a dozen small corellian battleship fly in formation . fighter and battlecruiser surround the large of the rebel Star cruiser , the headquarters frigate . 53 int headquarters frigate - MAIN briefing room hundred of rebel commander of all race and form be assemble in the war room . wedge be among they . in the center of the room be a holographic model depict the half - complete Imperial death Star , the nearby Moon of endor , and the protect deflector shield . mon mothma , the leader of the Alliance , enter the room . she be a stern but beautiful woman in she fifty . confer with she be several military leader , include general madine and admiral ackbar ( a salmon - color mon calamari ) . lando move through the crowd until he find han and chewie , stand next to leia and the two droid . han peer at lando 's new insignia on he chest , and be amused . han well , look at you , a general , huh ? lando oh , well , someone must have tell they about my little maneuver at the battle of taanab . han ( sarcastic ) well , do not look at I , pal . I just say you be a fair pilot . I do not know they be lookin ' for somebody to lead this crazy attack . lando ( smile ) I be surprised they do not ask you to do it . han well , who say they do not . but I be not crazy . you be the respectable one , remember ? mon mothma signal for attention , and the room fall silent . mon mothma the Emperor have make a critical error and the time for we attack have come . this cause a stir . mon mothma turn to a holographic model of the death Star , the endor moon and the protect deflector shield in the center of the room . mon mothma the data bring to we by the bothan spy pinpoint the exact location of the Emperor 's new battle station . we also know that the weapon system of this death Star be not yet operational . with the Imperial fleet spread throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to engage we , it be relatively unprotect . but most important of all , we have learn that the Emperor himself be personally oversee the final stage of the construction of this death Star . a volley of spirite chatter erupt from the crowd . han turn to leia as chewie bark he amazement . mon mothma ( cont ) many bothan die to bring we this information . Admiral ackbar , please . Admiral ackbar step forward and point to the death Star 's force field and the Moon of endor . ackbar you can see here the death Star orbit the forest Moon of endor . although the weapon system on this death Star be not yet operational , the death Star do have a strong defense mechanism . it be protect by a energy shield , which be generate from the nearby forest Moon of endor . the shield must be deactivate if any attack be to be attempt . once the shield be down , we cruiser will create a perimeter , while the fighter fly into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor . there 's a concerned murmur . ackbar ( cont ) General calrissian have volunteer to lead the fighter attack han turn to lando with a look of respect . han good luck . lando nod he thanks . han you be gonna need it . ackbar General madine . madine move center stage . general madine we have steal a small Imperial shuttle . disguise as a cargo ship , and use a secret Imperial code , a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the shield generator . the assembly begin to mumble among themselves . threepio sound dangerous . leia ( to han ) I wonder who they find to pull that off . general madine General solo , be you strike team assemble ? leia , startle , look up at han , surprise change to admiration . han uh , my team 's ready . I do not have a command crew for the shuttle . chewbacca raise he hairy paw and volunteer . han look up at he . han well , it 's gonna be rough , pal . I do not want to speak for you . chewie wave that off with a huge growl . han ( smile ) that 's one . leia uh , General ... count I in . voice ( os ) I be with you , too ! they turn in that direction and peer into the crowd as there be more cheer . the commander part , and there at the back stand luke . han and leia be surprised and delighted . leia move to luke and embrace he warmly . she sense a change in he and look into he eye questioningly . leia what be it ? luke ( hesitant ) ask I again sometime . han , chewie , and lando crowd around luke as the assembly break up . han luke . luke hi , han ... chewie . artoo beep a singsong observation to a worried threepio . threepio " excite " be hardly the word I would use . 54 int headquarters frigate - MAIN docking BAY the millennium falcon rest beyond the steal imperial shuttle , which look anomalous among all the rebel ship in the vast docking bay . chewie bark a final farewell to lando and lead artoo and threepio up the shuttle , crowded now with the rebel strike team load weapon and supplies . lando turn to face han. luke and leia have say they good - by and start up the ramp . han look . I want you to take she . I mean it . take she . you need all the help you can get . she 's the fastest ship in the fleet . lando all right , old buddy . you know , I know what she mean to you . I will take good care of she . she - she will not get a scratch . all right ? han ( look at he warmly ) right . I get you promise now . not a scratch . lando look , would you get go , you pirate . han and lando pause , then exchange salute . lando good luck . han you , too . han go up the ramp . lando watch he go and then slowly turn away . 55 int imperial shuttle - cockpit luke be work on a back control panel as han come in and take the pilot 's seat . chewie , in the seat next to he , be try to figure out all the Imperial control . han you get she warm ? luke yeah , she 's comin ' up . chewie growl a complaint . han no . I do not think the Empire have wookiee in mind when they design she , chewie . leia come in from the hold and take she seat near luke . chewie bark and hit some switch . han 's glance have stick on something out the window : the millennium falcon . leia nudge he gently . leia hey , be you awake ? han yeah , I just get a funny feel . like I be not gonna see she again . chewie , hearing this , stop he activity and look longingly out at the falcon , too . leia put a hand on han 's shoulder . leia ( softly ) come on , General , let 's move . han snap back to life . han right . chewie , let 's see what this piece of junk can do . ready , everybody ? luke all set . threepio here we go again . han all right , hang on . 56 ext space - the rebel fleet the steal Imperial shuttle leave the main docking bay of the headquarters frigate , lower its wing into flight position , and zoom off into space . 57 int emperor' throne room the convert control room be dimly light , except for a pool of light at the far end . there the Emperor sit in a elaborate control chair before a large window which look out across the half - complete death Star to the giant green moon of endor . darth vader , stand with other member of the Imperial council , cautiously approach he master . the ruler 's back be to vader . after several tense moment , the Emperor 's chair rotate around to face he . vader what be thy bid , my master ? emperor send the fleet to the far side of endor . there it will stay until call for . vader what of the report of the rebel fleet mass near sullust ? emperor it be of no concern . soon the Rebellion will be crush and young skywalker will be one of we ! you work here be finish , my friend . go out to the command ship and await my order . vader yes , my master . vader bow , then turn and exit the throne room as the Emperor walk toward the wait council member . 58 ext space - death STAR - moon there be a great deal of Imperial traffic in the area as construction proceed on the death Star . transport , tie fighter , and a few Star destroyer move about . now the huge Super Star destroyer announce itself with a low roar and soon fill the frame . 59 int stolen imperial shuttle - cockpit han look back at luke and leia as chewie flip several switch . through the viewscreen , the death Star and the huge Super Star destroyer can be see . han if they do not go for this , we be gonna have to get outta here pretty quick , chewie . chewie growl he agreement . controller ( over radio ) we have you on we screen now . please identify . han shuttle tydirium request deactivation of the deflector shield . controller ( over radio ) shuttle tydirium , transmit the clearance code for shield passage . han transmission commence . leia and chewbacca listen tensely as the sound of a high speed transmission begin . leia now we find out if that code be worth the price we pay . han it will work . it will work . chewie whine nervously . luke stare at the huge Super Star destroyer that loom ever larger before they . luke vader 's on that ship . han now do not get jittery , luke . there be a lot of command ship . keep you distance though , chewie , but do not look like you be try to keep you distance . chewie bark a question . han I do not know . fly casual . luke I be endangering the mission . I should not have come . han it 's you imagination , kid . come on . let 's keep a little optimism here . chewie bark he worry as the Super Star destroyer grow larger out the window . 60 int vader' STAR destroyer - bridge Lord vader stand , back to we , stare out a window at the death Star . now , some vibration feel only by he cause he to turn . after a moment of stillness , he walk down the row of controller to where admiral piett be lean over the tracking screen of the controller we have see earlier . piett straighten at vader 's approach . vader where be that shuttle go ? piett ( into comlink ) shuttle tydirium , what be you cargo and destination ? pilot voice ( han ) ( filter ) part and technical crew for the forest moon . the Bridge Commander look to vader for a reaction . vader do they have a code clearance ? piett it 's a older code , sir , but it check out . I be about to clear they . vader look upward , as he sense luke 's presence . piett shall I hold they ? vader no. leave they to I . I will deal with they myself . piett ( surprised ) as you wish , my lord . ( to controller ) carry on . piett nod at controller , who switch on he comlink . 61 int stolen imperial shuttle - cockpit the group wait tensely . han they be not goin ' for it , chewie . controller ( filter ) shuttle tydirium , deactivation of the shield will commence immediately . follow you present course . everyone breath a sigh of relief . everyone but luke , who look worried . chewie bark . han okay ! I tell you it be gonna work . no problem . 62 ext space - stolen imperial shuttle - endor the steal Imperial shuttle move off toward the green sanctuary Moon . 63 ext forest landing site - endor the steal Imperial shuttle sit in a clear of the moon 's dark , primeval forest , dwarf by the ancient tower tree . on a adjacent hill , the helmete rebel contingent make its way up a steep trail . leia and han be slightly ahead of chewie and luke . the troops of the strike - team squad follow , with artoo and threepio bring up the rear . artoo beep . up ahead , chewie and leia reach a crest in the hill and drop suddenly to the ground , signal the rest of the group to stop . han and luke crawl up to take a look . threepio oh , I tell you it be dangerous here . there Pov . not far below they , two imperial scout be wander through bush in the valley below . they two rocket bike be park nearby . leia shall we try and go around ? han it will take time . this whole party will be for nothing if they see we . leia motion for the squad to stay put , then she , han , luke and chewie start quietly down . 64 ext forest clearing - campsite the four friend make they way to the edge of the clear not far from the two Imperial scout . han chewie and I will take care of this . you stay here . luke quietly , there might be more of they out there . han ( grin ) hey ... it 's I . han and chewie turn and start through the bush toward the scout . luke and leia exchange smile . han sneak up behind one of the scout , step on a twig and the scout whirl , knock han into a tree . the scout shout for he companion . scout # 1 go for help ! go ! the second scout jump on he speeder bike and take off , but chewie get off a shot on he crossbow laser weapon , cause the scout to crash into a tree . han and scout # 1 be in a rouse fistfight . luke ( sarcastic ) great . come on . luke start for the scuffle , follow by leia with she laser pistol draw . as they run through the bush , leia stop and point to where two more scout be sit on they speeder bike , with a unoccupy bike park nearby . leia over there ! two more of they ! luke I see they . wait , leia ! but leia do not hear he and race for the remain speeder bike . she start it up and take off as luke jump on the bike behind she . luke ( point to the control ) Quick ! jam they comlink . Center switch ! luke and leia speed into the dense foliage in hot pursuit , barely avoid two huge tree . han hey , wait ! ahhh ! he flip the remain scout to the ground . 65 ext forest - the bike chase the two flee Imperial scout have a good lead as luke and leia pursue through the giant tree at 200 mile a hour , the fire from they bike 's laser cannon hit harmlessly near the move target . luke move closer ! leia gun it , close the gap , as the two scout recklessly veer through a narrow gap in the tree . one of the bike scrape a tree , slow the scout . luke get alongside that one ! leia pull she speeder bike up so close to the scout 's bike that they steering vane scrape noisily . luke leap from he bike to the back of the scout 's , grab the Imperial warrior around the neck , and flip he off the bike , into a thick tree trunk . luke gain control of the bike and follow leia , who have pull ahead . they tear off after the remain scout . luke get he ! the speed chase pass two more imperial scout . this two swing into pursuit , chase luke and leia , fire away with they laser cannon . the two rebel look behind they just as luke 's bike take a glance hit . luke ( indicate the one ahead ) keep on that one ! I will take this two ! with leia shoot ahead , luke suddenly slam he steering vane into the brake mode . luke 's bike be a blur to the two pursue scout as they zip by he on either side . luke slam he bike into forward and start fire away , have switch place with he pursuer in a manner of second . luke 's aim be good and one scout 's bike be blast out of control . it explode against a tree trunk . the scout 's cohort take one glance back at the flash and shift into turbo drive , go even faster . luke keep on he tail . far ahead , leia and the first scout be do a highspeed slalom through the death -deal trunk . now leia aim she bike skyward and rise out of sight . the scout turn in confusion , unable to see he pursuer . suddenly , leia dive down upon he from above , cannon blast . the scout 's bike take a glance hit . leia move in alongside he . the scout eye she beside he , reach down , and pull out a handgun . before leia can react , the scout have blast she bike , send it out of control . leia dive off as she bike explode against a tree . the happy scout look back at the explosion . but when he turn forward again , he be on a collision course with a giant fall tree . he hit he brake to no avail and disappear in a conflagration . another part of the forest : luke and the last remain scout continue they weaving chase through the tree . now luke move up close . the scout respond by slamm he bike into luke 's . a fall tree form a bridge across they path . the scout zip under . luke go over the top and crash he bike down on the scout 's . both rider look ahead - a wide trunk loom directly in luke 's path , but the scout 's bike beside he make it almost impossible for he to avoid it . luke bank with all he might , lean almost horizontal over the scout 's bike , and be able to make it by , just clipping the tree . when he straighten , he and the scout discover that they two bike have lock front vane and be move as one . another big tree loom in luke 's path . he react instinctively and dive off he bike . the two bike come apart a second before luke 's explode against a tree . the scout sweep out and circle back to find luke . luke rise from the undergrowth as the scout bear down on he and open fire with he laser cannon . luke ignites he laser sword and begin deflect the bolt . the scout 's bike keep come and it appear that in a second it will cut luke in half . at the last instant , luke step aside and chop off the bike 's control vane with one mighty slash . the scout 's bike begin to shudder , then , pitching and roll , it rise up to slam directly into a tree in a giant ball of fire . 66 ext scout campsite - forest han , chewie , and the droid , along with the rest of the squad , wait anxiously in the clear . artoo 's radar screen stick out of he dome head and revolve , scan the forest . he beep . threepio oh , General solo , somebody 's come . oh ! han , chewie , and the rest of the squad raise they weapon . luke step out of the foliage to find the weapon train on he . he 's too tired to care . he plop himself down on a boulder and look around . han luke ! where 's leia ? luke ( concerned ) what ? she do not come back ? han I think she be with you . luke we get separate . luke and han exchange a silent , grim look . luke get up wearily . luke hey , we better go look for she . han nod , and signal to a rebel officer . han take the squad ahead . we will meet at the shield generator at 0300 . luke come on , artoo . we will need you scanner . luke , chewie , han , and the droid move off in one direction as the squad proceed in another . threepio do not worry , master luke . we know what to do . they move off into the wood . threepio ( to artoo ) and you say it be pretty here . ugh ! 67 ext forest clearing - leia' crash site a strange little furry face with huge black eye come slowly into view . the creature be a ewok , by the name of wicket . he seem somewhat puzzle , and prod leia with a spear . the princess groan ; this frighten the stubby ball of fuzz and he prod she again . leia sit up and stare at the three - foot-high ewok . she try to figure out where she be and what have happen . her clothes be tear ; she 's bruise and dishevel . the ewok jump up and grab a four-foot - long spear , which he hold in a defensive position . leia watch he as he circle warily and begin poke she with the sharp point of the spear . leia cut it out ! she stand up , and the ewok quickly back away . leia I be not gonna hurt you . leia look around at the dense forest , and at the char remain of she speeder bike , then sit down , with a sigh , on a fall log . leia well , look like I be stick here . trouble be , I do not know where here be . she put she head in she hand to rub away some of the soreness from she fall . she look over at the watchful little ewok and pat the log beside she . leia well , maybe you can help I . come on , sit down . wicket hold he spear up warily and growl at she like a puppy . leia pat the log again . leia I promise I will not hurt you . now come here . more growl and squeak from the little bear creature . leia all right . you want something to eat ? she take a scrap of food out of she pocket and offer it to he . wicket take a step backward , then cock he head and move cautiously toward leia , chatter in he squeaky ewok language . leia that 's right . come on . hmmm ? sniff the food curiously , the ewok come toward leia and sit on the log beside she . she take off she helmet , and the little creature jump back , startle again . he run along the log , point he spear at she and chatter a blue streak . leia hold out the helmet to he . leia look , it 's a hat . it 's not gonna hurt you . look . you be a jittery little thing , be not you ? reassured , wicket lower he spear and climb back on the log , come to investigate the helmet . suddenly he ear perk up and he begin to sniff the air . he look around warily , whisper some ewokese warning to leia . leia what be it ? suddenly a laser bolt come out of the foliage and explode on the log next to leia . leia and wicket both roll backwards off the log , hide behind it . leia hold she own laser gun ready , while wicket disappear underneath the log . another shot , and still no sight of anyone in the forest . then leia sense something and turn to find a large imperial scout stand over she with he weapon point at she head . he reach out he hand for she weapon . scout #l freeze ! come on , get up ! she hand the weapon over , as a second scout emerge from the foliage in front of the log . scout # 1 go get you ride and take she back to base . scout # 2 yes , sir . the second scout start toward he bike , as wicket , crouch under the log , extend he spear and hit the first scout on the leg . the scout jump and let out a exclamation , and look down at wicket , puzzle . leia grab a branch and knock he out . she dive for he laser pistol , and the second scout , now on he bike , take off . leia fire away and hit the escape bike , cause it to crash into the first scout 's bike , which fly end over end and explode . the forest be quiet once more . wicket poke he fuzzy head up from behind the log and regards leia withÊnew respect . he mumble he awe . leia hurry over , look around all the time , and motion the chubby little creature into the dense foliage . leia come on , let 's get outta here . as they move into the foliage , wicket take the lead . he shriek and tug at leia to follow he . 68 int death STAR - corridor to emperor' tower darth vader walk down the corridor to the Emperor 's Tower and private elevator . the Emperor 's private guard step in vader 's path . guard halt ! the Emperor do not wish to be disturb at the moment . vader ( raise he glove hand to the two guard and choke they with the Force ) the Emperor will see I , now ! guard ( repeat vader 's command ) the Emperor will see you , now . 69 int emperor' tower - throne room two red Imperial Guards stand watch at the elevator as the door open to reveal vader . vader enter the eerie , forebode throne room . it appear to be empty . his footstep echo as he approach the throne . he wait , absolutely still . the Emperor sit with he back to the Dark Lord . emperor I tell you to remain on the command ship . vader a small rebel force have penetrate the shield and land on endor . emperor ( no surprise ) yes , I know . vader ( after a beat ) my son be with they . emperor ( very cool ) be you sure ? vader I have feel he , my master . emperor strange , that I have not . I wonder if you feeling on this matter be clear , Lord vader . vader know what be be ask . vader they be clear , my master . emperor then you must go to the sanctuary Moon and wait for they . vader ( skeptical ) he will come to I ? emperor I have foreseen it . his compassion for you will be he undoing . he will come to you and then you will bring he before I . vader ( bow ) as you wish . the Dark Lord stride out of the throne room . 70 ext forest clearing - leia' crash site han , luke , chewie , and the two droid be spread out as they move through the heavy foliage near the clear where we last see leia . luke find leia 's helmet , pick it up with a expression of concern . han ( os ) luke ! luke ! luke run with the helmet to where han have find the char wreckage of a speeder bike in the grass . threepio oh , master luke . luke there 's two more wreck speeder back there . and I find this . he toss the helmet to han . threepio I be afraid that artoo 's sensor can find no trace of princess leia . han ( gravely ) I hope she 's alright . chewbacca growl , sniff the air , then , with a bark , push off through the foliage . han what , chewie ? what ? chewie ! the other rush to keep up with the giant wookiee . as he scoot along , artoo whistle nervously . 71 ext forest - dense foliage the group have reach a break in the undergrowth . chewie walk up to a tall stake plant in the ground . there be a dead animal hang from it . han hey , I do not get it . the rest of the group join the wookiee around the stake . han ( cont ) Nah , it 's just a dead animal , chewie . chewie can not resist . he reach toward the meat . luke chewie , wa-wait ! do not ! too late . the wookiee have already pull the animal from the stake . sprooing ! the group find itself hang upside down in a ewok net , suspend high above the clear . artoo let out a wild series of beep and whistle , and chewie howl he regret . they body be a jumble in the net . han remove a wookiee paw from he mouth . han Nice work . great , chewie ! great ! always think with you stomach . luke will you take it easy ? let 's just figure out a way to get out of this thing . ( try to free a arm ) han , can you reach my lightsaber ? han yeah , sure . artoo be at the bottommost point in the net . he extend he cut appendage and begin slice at the net . han be try to squeeze a arm past threepio to get at luke 's lightsaber . the net continue to spin . threepio artoo , I be not sure that 's such a good idea . it 's a very long dro - of - op !! artoo have cut through and the entire group tumble out of the net , crash to the ground . as they regain they sense and sit up , they realize they be surround by dozen of ewok , each brandish a long spear . han wha - -? hey ! Point that thing someplace else . han push the spear wield by teebo out of he face and a second ewok warrior come up to argue with teebo . the spear return to han 's face . he grab it angrily and start to go for he laser pistol . han hey ! luke han , do not . it will be all right . the ewok swarm through they and confiscate they weapon . luke let they take he lightsaber . chewie growl at the furry critter . luke chewie , give them you crossbow . artoo and threepio be just untangle themselves . threepio get free of the net and sit up , rattle . threepio oh , my head . oh , my goodness ! when the ewok see threepio , they let out a gasp and chatter among themselves . threepio speak to they in they native tongue . the ewok nearest he drop he spear and prostrate himself before the droid . in a moment , all the ewok have follow suit . chewie let out a puzzle bark . han and luke regard the bow creature in wonder . the ewok begin to chant at threepio . luke do you understand anything they be say ? threepio oh , yes , master luke ! remember that I be fluent in over six million form of communication . han what be you tell they ? threepio hello , I think ... I could be mistaken . they be use a very primitive dialect . but I do believe they think I be some sort of god . chewbacca and artoo think that 's very funny . han and luke exchange " what next ? " look . han well , why do not you use you divine influence and get we out of this ? threepio I beg you pardon , General solo , but that just would not be proper . han proper ?! threepio it 's against my programming to impersonate a deity . han move toward threepio threateningly . han why , you -- several ewok ' spear be thrust in han 's face at the affront to they god . the ewok move in to protect they god and han be surround by a menace circle of spear , all aim at he . he hold up he hand placatingly . han my mistake . he 's a old friend of mine . 72 ext forest - series of shot a procession of ewok wind through the ever-darkening forest . they prisoner - han , luke , chewie , and artoo - be tie to long pole and wrap in vine , cocoonlike . each pole be carry on the shoulder of several ewok . behind the captive , threepio be carry on a litter , like a king , by the remain creature . 73 ext forest walkway - moon forest the procession move along a shaky , narrow , wooden walkway , high in the giant tree . it stop at the end of the walkway , which drop off into nothingness . on the other side of the abyss be a village of mud hut and rickety walkway , attach to the giant tree . the lead ewok take hold of a long vine and swing across to the village square ; the other ewok follow suit . 74 ext ewok village square the procession wind its way into the village square . mother ewok gather they baby up and scurry into they hut at the sight of the newcomer . the group stop before the large hut . han , luke , chewie , and artoo be still bound to they pole . han be place on a spit above what look like a barbecue pit and the other be lean against a tree nearby . threepio 's litter / throne be gently place near the pit . he watch with rapt fascination . han , luke , and chewie be less than fascinate . han I have a really bad feel about this . chewie growl he concern . suddenly all activity stop as logray , the tribal Medicine man , come out of the big hut . he examine the captive carefully , go to join threepio , whose throne have be place on a elevate platform . a larger , gray - haire ewok , chief chirpa , be examine luke 's lightsaber with great curiosity . logray speak to threepio and the assemblage of fuzzy ewok , point to the prisoner tie to the stake . the ewok begin fill the pit under han with firewood . han what do he say ? threepio I be rather embarrassed , General solo , but it appear you be to be the main course at a banquet in my honor . the drum start beat , and all the furry head turn to the large hut . leia emerge , wear a animal - skin dress . she see what 's happen at the same moment the prisoner see she . han and luke leia ! as she move toward they , the ewok block she way with raise spear . leia oh ! threepio you Royal highness . artoo and chewie chime in with they welcome . leia look at the assemble ewok and sigh . leia but this be my friend . threepio , tell they they must be set free . threepio talk to chirpa and logray , who listen and shake they head negatively . the Medicine man gesture toward the prisoner and bark some order . several ewok jump up and pile more wood on the barbecue with vigor . leia trade frantic look with luke and han . han somehow , I get the feel that do not help we very much . luke threepio , tell they if they do not do as you wish , you will become angry and use you magic . threepio but master luke , what magic ? I could not possibly -- luke just tell they . threepio speak to the ewok . the ewok be disturb . logray step forward and challenge threepio . luke close he eye and begin to concentrate . threepio you see , master luke ; they do not believe I . just ... now the litter / throne , with threepio sit upon it , rise from the ground . at first threepio do not notice and keep talk . threepio ... as I say they would not . wha - wha - what 's happen ! oh ! oh , dear ! oh ! the ewok fall back in terror from the float throne . now threepio begin to spin as though he be on a revolve stool , with threepio call out in total panic at he situation . threepio put I down ! he -e-elp ! master luke ! artoo ! somebody , somebody , help ! master luke , artoo ! artoo , quickly ! do something , somebody ! oh ! ohhh ! Chief chirpa yell order to the cower ewok . they rush up and release the bound prisoner . luke and han enfold leia in a group embrace . luke notice the spin threepio , with artoo beep up at he , and slowly lower the golden droid and the throne to the ground . logray order the little droid cut down . artoo crash to the ground . when the ewok set he upright , the little droid be fight mad . artoo beep a blue streak at the nearest ewok , and begin pursue he , finally get close enough to zap he with a electric charge . the ewok jump two foot in the air and run away , scream . a small group of ewok surround the giant wookiee , scratch they head and marvel at he height . threepio oh , oh , oh , oh ! thank goodness . luke thanks , threepio . threepio ( still shake ) I ... I never know I have it in I . 75 int chief' hut - council of elder a glow fire dance in the center of the spartan , low - ceiling room , create a kaleidoscope of shadow on the wall . along one side , a group of ten ewok elder flank Chief chirpa , who sit on he throne . the rebel sit along the wall of the hut , with threepio between the two group and wicket and teebo off to one side . threepio be in the midst of a long , animated speech in the ewok 's squeaky native tongue . the ewok listen carefully and occasionally murmur comment to each other . threepio point several time at the rebel group and pantomime a short history of the galactic Civil War , mimick the explosion and rocket sound , imitate Imperial walker . throughout the long account , certain familiar name be distinguishable in English : princess leia , artoo , darth vader , death Star , jedi , obi- Wan kenobi . artoo begin beep excitedly at threepio . threepio yes , artoo . I be just come to that . threepio continue with : millennium falcon , cloud City , vader , han solo , carbonite , sarlacc , bring the history up to the present time . at the end of it , the Chief , logray , and the elder confer , then nod in agreement . the Chief stand and make a pronouncement . the drum begin to sound , and all the ewok stand with a great cheer and screech . han what 's go on ? leia I do not know . luke have be share the joy with smile visage , but now something pass like a dark cloud through he consciousness . the other do not notice . threepio wonderful ! we be now a part of the tribe . several of the little teddy bear run up and hug the rebel . han just what I always want . chewbacca be be enthusiastically embrace by a ewok , while wicket cling to han 's leg . han ( chuckle ) well , short help be better than no help at all , chewie. ( to wicket ) thank you . okay . threepio he say the scout be go to show we the quick way to the shield generator . chewie bark . luke have drift to the back of the hut . now he wander outside into the moonlight . leia notice and follow . han good . how far be it ? ask he . we need some fresh supplies , too . and try and get we weapon back . han pull threepio back as he keep try to translate . han ( cont ) and hurry up , will ya ? I have not get all day . 76 ext ewok village - night the walkway be desert now . the window of the little hut glow and flicker from the fire inside . the sound of the forest fill the soft night air . luke have wander away from the Chief 's hut and stand stare up at the death Star . leia find he like that . leia luke , what 's wrong ? luke turn and look at she a long moment . luke leia ... do you remember you mother ? you real mother ? leia just a little bit . she die when I be very young . luke what do you remember ? leia just ... image , really . feeling . luke tell I . leia ( a little surprised at he insistence ) she be very beautiful . kind , but ...sad. ( look up ) why be you ask I all this ? he look away . luke I have no memory of my mother . I never know she . leia luke , tell I . what 's troubling you ? luke vader be here ...now , on this moon . leia ( alarmed ) how do you know ? luke I feel he presence . he 's come for I . he can feel when I be near . that 's why I have to go . ( face she ) as long as I stay , I be endangering the group and we mission here . ( beat ) I have to face he . leia be distraught , confuse . leia why ? luke move close and he manner be gentle . and very calm . luke he 's my father . leia you father ? luke there 's more . it will not be easy for you to hear it , but you must . if I do not make it back , you be the only hope for the Alliance . leia be very disturb by this . she move away , as if to deny it . leia luke , do not talk that way . you have a power I -- I do not understand and could never have . luke you be wrong , leia . you have that power too . in time you will learn to use it as I have . the Force be strong in my family . my father have it ... I have it ... and ... my sister have it . leia stare into he eye . what she see there frighten she . but she do not draw away . she begin to understand . luke yes . it 's you leia . leia I know . somehow ... I have always know . luke then you know why I have to face he . leia no ! luke , run away , far away . if he can feel you presence , then leave this place . I wish I could go with you . luke no , you do not . you have always be strong . leia but , why must you confront he ? luke because ... there be good in he . I have feel it . he will not turn I over to the Emperor . I can save he . I can turn he back to the good side . I have to try . they hold each other close and look at each other , brother and sister . leia hold back she tear as luke slowly let she go and move away . he disappear onto the walkway that lead out of the village . leia , bath in moonlight , watch he go as han come out of the Chief 's hut and come over to she . leia be cry , she body tremble . he realize only now that she be cry . han hey , what 's goin ' on ? leia attempt to stifle she sob and wipe she eye . leia nothing . I - just want to be alone for a little while . han ( angry ) nothing ? come on , tell I . what 's goin ' on ? she look up at he , struggle to control herself . leia I ... I can not tell you . han ( lose he temper ) do you tell luke ? be that who you could tell ? leia I ... han ahhh ... he start to walk away , exasperate , then stop and walk back to she . han I be sorry . leia hold I . han gather she tightly in he protective embrace . 77 ext forest - imperial landing platform a Imperial shuttle float down from the death Star and land gracefully on the huge platform . now , a Imperial walker approach the platform from the darkness of the forest . the whole outpost - platform , walker , military - look particularly offensive in the midst of this verdant beauty . 78 ext imperial landing platform - lower deck darth vader walk down the ramp of the shuttle onto the platform , into a elevator , and appear on a ramp on a lower level . he walk toward another ramp exit and be meet by two trooper and a commander with luke , in binder , at they center . the young jedi gaze at vader with complete calm . commander this be a rebel that surrender to we . although he deny it , I believe there may be more of they , and I request permission to conduct a further search of the area . the commander extend he hand , revealing luke 's lightsaber . commander he be armed only with this . vader look at luke , turn away and face the commander , take the lightsaber from the commander 's hand . vader good work , Commander . leave we . conduct you search and bring he companion to I . commander yes , my Lord . the officer and troops withdraw . vader and luke be leave stand alone in the oddly tranquil beauty of the place . the sound of the forest filter in upon they . vader the Emperor have be expect you . luke I know , father . vader so , you have accept the truth . lure I have accept the truth that you be once anakin skywalker , my father . vader ( turn to face he ) that name no longer have any meaning for I . luke it be the name of you true self . you have only forget . I know there be good in you . the Emperor have not drive it from you fully . that be why you could not destroy I . that 's why you will not bring I to you Emperor now . vader look down from luke to the lightsaber in he own black - glove hand . he seem to ponder luke 's word . vader ( indicate lightsaber ) I see you have construct a new lightsaber . vader ignites the lightsaber and hold it to examine its hum , brilliant blade . vader you skill be complete . indeed , you be powerful , as the Emperor have foreseen . they stand for a moment , the vader extinguish the lightsaber . luke come with I . vader obi-wan once think as you do . luke step close to vader , then stop . vader be still . vader you do not know the power of the dark side . I must obey my master . luke I will not turn ... and you will be force to kill I . vader if that be you destiny . luke search you feeling , father . you can not do this . I feel the conflict within you . let go of you hate . vader it be too late for I , son . the Emperor will show you the true nature of the Force . he be you master now . vader signal to some distant stormtrooper . he and luke stand stare at one another for a long moment . luke then my father be truly dead . 79 ext endor - ridge overlooking shield generator han , leia , chewbacca , the droid , wicket , and another ewok scout , paploo , hide on a ridge overlook the massive Imperial shield generator . at the base of the generator be a Imperial landing platform . leia study the installation . leia the main entrance to the control bunker 's on the far side of that landing platform . this be not gonna be easy . han hey , do not worry . chewie and I get into a lot of place more heavily guard than this . wicket and paploo be chatter away in ewok language . they speak to threepio . leia what 's he say ? threepio he say there 's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge . 80 ext space - rebel fleet the vast fleet hang in space near a blue planet . a giant rebel Star cruiser be up at the front , but now the millennium flacon roar up to a spot ahead of it , tiny in comparison . 81 int millennium falcon - cockpit lando be in the pilot seat . his alien copilot , nien nunb , take some get use to in the familiar environ of the falcon 's cockpit . lando speak into he comlink . lando Admiral , we be in position . all fighter account for . ackbar ( vo ) proceed with the countdown . all group assume attack coordinate . lando turn to he weird copilot . lando do not worry , my friend be down there . they will have that shield down on time ... ( to himself ) or this will be the shortest offensive of all time . the copilot flip some switch and grunt a alien comment . ackbar ( vo ) all craft , prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark . lando all right . stand by . he pull a lever , and the star outside begin to streak . 82 ext space - rebel fleet we be treat to a awesome sight : first the millennium falcon , then ackbar 's Star cruiser , then , in large segment , the huge fleet roar into hyperspace . and disappear . 83 ext endor - ridge overlooking control bunker han , leia , chewie , the droid , and they two ewok guide , wicket and paploo , have reunite with the rebel strike squad . the entire group be spread through the thick undergrowth . below they be the bunker that lead into the generator . four Imperial scout , they speeder bike park nearby , keep watch over the bunker entrance . chewie growl a observation , and paploo chatter away to han in ewok language . han back door , huh ? good idea . wicket and paploo continue they ewok conversation . han ( cont ) it 's only a few guard . this should not be too much trouble . leia well , it only take one to sound the alarm . han ( with self - confident grin ) then we will do it real quiet-like . threepio explain what be go on to wicket and paploo . the ewok chatter a moment between themselves . then paploo jump up and scamper into the underbrush . threepio ask wicket where paploo go and be give a short reply . threepio oh ! oh , my . uh , princess leia ! leia quiet . threepio I be afraid we furry companion have go and do something rather rash . leia oh , no . 84 ext bunker - entrance paploo have slip out of the undergrowth near where the Imperial scout be loung . he silently swing he furry ball of a body onto one of the scout 's speeder bike and begin flipping switch at random . suddenly , the bike 's engine fire up with a tremendous roar . paploo grin and continue flipping switch . the scout leap up in surprise . 85 ext ridge han , leia and company watch in distress . chewie bark . han ( sigh ) there go we surprise attack . 86 ext bunker the Imperial scout race toward paploo just as he speeder zoom into motion . paploo hang on by he paw and shoot away into the forest . scout look ! over there ! stop he ! Three of the Imperial scout jump on they rocket bike and speed away in pursuit . the fourth watch they go from he post at the door . 87 ext ridge han , leia , and chewie exchange delighted look . han not bad for a little furball . there 's only one leave . you stay here . we will take care of this . han and the wookiee nod at each other and slip down toward the bunker . threepio move to stand next to wicket and artoo . threepio I have decide that we shall stay here . 88 ext forest paploo sail through the tree , more lucky than in control . it 's scary , but he love it . when the Imperial scout pull within sight behind he and begin fire laser bolt , he decide he 's have enough . as he round a tree , out of they sight , paploo grab a vine and swing up into the tree . a moment later , the scout tear under he in pursuit of the still - fly , unoccupy bike . 89 ext bunker han sneak up behind the remain Imperial scout , tap he on the shoulder and let the scout chase he behind the bunker into the arm of the wait rebel strike team . han return to the front , and tap out a pattern on the bunker door 's control panel . everyone stand out of sight , police - style , as the door open . han and leia peek inside . no sign of life . the group enter the bunker silently , leave one lookout behind . 90 int death STAR - emperor' throne room the elevator open . vader and luke enter the room alone . they walk across the dark space to stand before the throne , father and son side by side beneath the gaze of the Emperor . vader bow to he master . emperor welcome , young skywalker . I have be expect you . luke peer at the hood figure defiantly . the Emperor then look down at luke 's binder . emperor you no longer need that . the Emperor motion ever so slightly with he finger and luke 's binder fall away , clatter to the floor . luke look down at he own hand , free now to reach out and grab the Emperor 's neck . he do nothing . emperor Guards , leave we . the red-cloaked guard turn and disappear behind the elevator . emperor ( to luke ) I be look forward to complete you training . in time you will call I master . luke you be gravely mistaken . you will not convert I as you do my father . the Emperor get down from he throne and walk up very close to luke . the Emperor look into he eye and , for the first time , luke can perceive the evil visage within the hood . emperor oh , no , my young jedi . you will find that it be you who be mistaken ... about a great many thing . vader his lightsaber . vader extend a glove hand toward the Emperor , revealing luke 's lightsaber . the Emperor take it . emperor ah , yes , a jedi 's weapon . much like you father 's . by now you must know you father can never be turn from the dark side . so will it be with you . luke you be wrong . soon I will be dead ... and you with I . the Emperor laugh . emperor perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of you rebel fleet . luke look up sharply . emperor yes ... I assure you we be quite safe from you friend here . vader look at luke . luke you overconfidence be you weakness . emperor you faith in you friend be yours . vader it be pointless to resist , my son . the Emperor turn to face luke . emperor ( angry ) everything that have transpire have do so accord to my design . ( indicate endor ) you friend up there on the sanctuary Moon ... luke react . the Emperor note it . emperor ( cont ) ... be walk into a trap . as be you rebel fleet ! it be I who allow the Alliance to know the location of the shield generator . it be quite safe from you pitiful little band . a entire legion of my best troops await they . luke 's look dart from the Emperor to vader and , finally , to the sword in the Emperor 's hand . emperor oh ... I be afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when you friend arrive . 91 int bunker - MAIN control room han , leia , chewie , and the rebel strike team storm through a door and enter the main control room , take all of the personnel prisoner . han all right ! up! move ! come on ! quickly ! quickly , chewie . the rebel troops herd the generator controller away from they panel . leia glance at one of the screen on the control panel . leia han ! hurry ! the fleet will be here any moment . han charge ! come on , come on ! outside , threepio watch nervously in the bush as several more controller and stormtrooper run into the bunker , leave guard at the door . threepio ( to wicket ) oh , my ! they will be capture ! wicket chatter in ewok language , and then take off full steam into the forest . threepio wa-wait ! wait , come back ! artoo , stay with I . Inside the bunker , han look up from set charge as a Imperial commander enter . commander freeze ! you rebel scum . han and leia spin , to find dozen of Imperial weapon train on they and they cohort . a poise force of Imperial troops surround they . even more pour into the room , roughly disarming the rebel contingent . han , leia , and chewie exchange look . they be helpless . 92 ext space - endor , death STAR , rebel fleet the death Star and its sanctuary Moon hang distant in space as the rebel fleet come out of hyperspace with a awesome roar . the millennium falcon and several rebel fighter be at the front as the space armada bear down on its target . 93 int millennium falcon - cockpit lando flip switch , check he screen , and speak into the radio . lando all wing report in . wedge Red leader stand by . gray leader Gray leader stand by . GREEN leader Green leader stand by . wedge lock s-foil in attack position . 94 int rebel STAR cruiser - bridge from the bridge of the rebel headquarters frigate , Admiral ackbar watch the fighter mass outside he viewscreen . ackbar May the Force be with we . 95 int millennium falcon - cockpit lando look worriedly at he alien copilot , nien nunb , who point to the control panel and talk to lando . lando we have get to be able to get some kind of a read on that shield , up or down . well , how could they be jam we if they do not know if we be come . lando shoot a concerned look out at the approach death Star as the implication of what he 's just say sink in . he hit a switch on he comlink . lando break off the attack ! the shield be still up . red leader ( vo ) I get no read . be you sure ? lando pull up ! all craft pull up ! the falcon turn hard to the leave . out the window the star and the death Star move off right . 96 ext space - death STAR shield the falcon and the fighter of Red squad veer off desperately to avoid the unseen wall . 97 int rebel STAR cruiser - bridge alarm be scream and light flash as the huge ship change course abruptly . other ship in the fleet shoot by outside as the armada try to halt its forward momentum . ackbar take evasive action ! Green Group , stick close to hold sector mv - 7 . a mon calamari controller turn away from he screen and call out to ackbar , quite excited . the Admiral rush over to the controller . controller Admiral , we have enemy ship in sector 47 . on the screen can be see the moon , death Star , and the massive Imperial fleet . ackbar move to the comlink . ackbar it 's a trap ! lando ( over comlink ) fighter come in . there be much excitement on the bridge as the attack begin . the millennium falcon and several squad of rebel fighter head into a armada of tie fighter . the sky explode as a fierce dogfight ensue in and around the giant rebel cruiser . rebel pilot there 's too many of they ! lando accelerate to attack speed ! draw they fire away from the cruiser . wedge copy , gold leader . the battle continue around the giant cruiser . 98 int death STAR - emperor' throne room through the round window behind the Emperor 's throne can be see the distant flash of the space battle in progress . emperor come , boy . see for yourself . the Emperor be sit in he throne , with vader stand at he side . luke move to look through a small section of the window . emperor from here you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance , and the end of you insignificant Rebellion . luke be in torment . he glance at he lightsaber sit on the armrest of the throne . the Emperor watch he and smile , touch the lightsaber . emperor you want this , do not you ? the hate be swell in you now . take you jedi weapon . use it . I be unarm . Strike I down with it . give in to you anger . with each pass moment , you make yourself more my servant . vader watch luke in he agony . luke no ! emperor it be unavoidable . it be you destiny . you , like you father , be now mine ! 99 ext forest - generator bunker han , leia , chewie , and the rest of the strike team be lead out of the bunker by they captor . the surround area , desert before , be now crowded with two - legge Imperial walker and hundred of Imperial troops . the situation look hopeless . stormtrooper all right , move it ! I say move it ! go on ! from the undergrowth beyond the clear come a wild series of beep and whistle . and -- threepio hello ! I say , over there ! be you look for I ? bunker commander bring that two down here ! stormtrooper let 's go ! artoo and threepio be stand near one of the big tree . as six Imperial stormtrooper rush over to take they captive , the two droid duck out of sight behind the tree . threepio well , they be on they way . artoo , be you sure this be a good idea ? stormtrooper freeze ! do not move ! threepio we surrender . the stormtrooper come around the tree and find the two droid wait quietly to be take . as the Imperial troops move to do that , however , a band of ewok drop down from above and overpower they . threepio ohhh ! stand back , artoo . in a nearby tree , a ewok raise a horn to he lip and sound the ewok attack call . all hell break loose as hundred of ewok throw they fuzzy body into the fray against the assemble stormtrooper and they awesome two - legge walker . biker scout dart about blast ewok , only to be crush by a volley of rock toss by ewok from the tree above . in the confusion of the battle , han and leia break away and dive for the cover of the bunker door as explosion erupt around they . han go to the bunker door control panel . leia the code 's change . we need artoo ! han here 's the terminal . leia ( into comlink ) artoo , where be you ? we need you at the bunker right away . artoo and threepio be hide behind a log as the battle ragesaround they . suddenly the stubby little astrodroid let out a series of whistle and shoot off across the battlefield . threepio , panicked , run after he . threepio go ? what do you mean , you be go . but -- but go where , artoo ? no , what ! artoo ! oh , this be no time for heroic . come back ! biker scout race around and over the two droid , blast away at the little ewok as the furries scurry for cover . a group of ewok have move a primitive catapult into position . they fire off a large boulder that hit one of the walker . the walker turn and head for the catapult , blast away with both gun . the ewok abandon they weapon and flee in all direction . just as the walker move in to stomp the catapult , ewok drop vine restrain two huge log that swing down and smash thewalker 's head flat . a line of ewok hang desperately to a vine that be hook to a walker 's foot . as the walker move along , the fuzzy creature be drag behind . two speeder bike chase ewok through the underbrush . as the scout round a tree , they be knock off they bike by a vinetied between two tree . 100 ext space the falcon and other rebel fighter be engage in a ferocious combat with Imperial tie fighter , the battle raging around thecruiser of the rebel armada . 101 int millennium falcon - cockpit lando be in radio communication with the pilot of the other rebel squad . lando watch yourself , wedge ! Three from above ! wedge Red Three , Red two , pull in ! red two get it ! red three Three of they come in , twenty degree ! wedge cut to the leave ! I will take the leader ! they be head for the medical frigate . lando steer the falcon through a complete flip , as he crew fire at the tie from the belly gun . navigator pressure 's steady . the copilot nien nunb chatter a observation . lando only the fighter be attack . I wonder what that Star destroyer be wait for . 102 ext space - imperial fleet the giant Imperial Star destroyer wait silently some distance from the battle . the Emperor 's huge Super Star destroyer rest in the middle of the fleet . 103 int super STAR destroyer - bridge Admiral piett and two fleet commander watch the battle at the huge window of the Super Star destroyer bridge . commander we be in attack position now , sir . piett hold here . commander we be not go to attack ? piett I have my order from the Emperor himself . he have something special plan for they . we only need to keep they from escape . 104 int emperor' tower - throne room the Emperor , vader , and a horrify luke watch the aerial battle firework out the window and on the viewscreen . another rebel ship explode against the protective shield . emperor as you can see , my young apprentice , you friend have fail . now witness the firepower of this fully armed and operational battle station . ( into comlink ) Fire at will , Commander . luke , in shock , look out across the surface of the death Star to the rebel fleet beyond . 105 int death STAR - control room controller pull back on several switch . Commander jerjerrod stand over they . jerjerrod Fire ! 106 int death STAR - blast chamber a button be press , which switch on a panel of light . a hood Imperial soldier reach overhead and pull a lever . a huge beam of light emanate from a long shaft . two stormtrooper stand to one side at a control panel . 107 ext death STAR the giant laser dish on the complete half of the death Star begin to glow ; then a powerful beam shoot out toward the aerial battle . 108 ext space - AIR battle the air be thick with giant ship . in among they , rebel X -wing dogfight with Imperial tie fighter . now a enormous rebel cruiser be hit by the death Star beam and be blow to dust . the millennium falcon roar over camera , follow closely byseveral tie fighter . 109 int millennium falcon - cockpit the ship be buffete by the tremendous explosion of the rebel cruiser . lando and he copilot be stunne by the sight of the death Star firepower . lando that blast come from the death Star ! that thing 's operational ! ( into comlink ) Home one , this be gold leader . 110 int rebel STAR cruiser - bridge ackbar stand amid the confusion on the wide bridge and speak into the comlink . ackbar we see it . all craft prepare to retreat . lando you will not get another chance at this , Admiral . ackbar we have no choice , General calrissian . we cruiser can not repel firepower of that magnitude . lando han will have that shield down . we have get to give he more time . 111 ext forest - generator bunker artoo and threepio make it to the door , as han and leia provide cover fire . threepio we be come ! han come on ! come on ! threepio oh , artoo , hurry ! the little droid move to the terminal and plug in he computer arm . a large explosion hit near artoo , knock he head over heel , finally landing on he foot . the stubby astrodroid 's head be spin and smolder . suddenly there be a loud sprooing and han and leia turn around to see artoo with all he compartment door open , and all of he appendage stick out ; water and smoke spurt out of the nozzle in he body . han rush to the terminal , as threepio rush to he wounded companion . threepio my goodness ! artoo , why do you have to be so brave ? han well , I suppose I could hotwire this thing . leia I will cover you . ewok in handmade , primitive hangglider drop rock onto the stormtrooper , divebomb they deadly adversary . one be hit in the wing with laser fire and crash . a walker lumber forward , shoot laser blast at frantic ewok run in all direction . two ewok be strike down by laser blast . one try to awaken he friend , then realize that he be dead . 112 ext space - death STAR the rebel fleet continue to be pick off , from one side by the death Star 's deadly beam , from the other by the rampaging Imperial Star destroyer . 113 int millennium falcon - cockpit lando steer the falcon wildly through a obstacle course of float giant . he 's be yell into the comlink . lando ( desperately ) yes ! I say closer ! move as close as you can and engage that Star destroyer at point - blank range . ackbar at that close range , we will not last long against that Star destroyer . lando we will last longer then we will against that death Star ... and we might just take a few of they with we . the rebel cruiser move very close to the Imperial Star destroyer and begin to blast away at point-blank range . tiny fighter race across the giant surface , against a backdrop of laser fire . the control tower of a Star destroyer be under attack . rebel pilot she 's gonna blow ! y-wing pilot I be hit ! the damage y-wing plummet toward the Star destroyer , and crash into the control tower , explode . 114 int emperor' tower - throne room out of the window and on the view screen , the rebel fleet be be decimate in blind explosion of light and debris . but in here there be no sound of battle . the Emperor turn to luke . emperor you fleet have lose . and you friend on the endor moon will not survive . there be no escape , my young apprentice . the Alliance will die ... as will you friend . luke 's eye be full of rage . vader watch he . emperor good . I can feel you anger . I be defenseless . take you weapon ! Strike I down with all you hatred , and you journey towards the dark side will be complete . luke can resist no longer . the lightsaber fly into he hand . he ignites it in a instant and swing at the Emperor . vader 's lightsaber flash into view , block luke 's blow before it can reach the Emperor . the two blade spark at contact . luke turn to fight he father . 115 ext forest the battle rage on . stormtrooper fire on ewok with sophisticated weapon while they furry little adversary sneak up behind the Imperial trooper and bash they over the head with large club . a walker march through the undergrowth blast ewok as it go . a ewok warrior give the signal , and a pile of log be cut loose . the log tumble under the walker 's foot , cause it to slip and slide until it finally topple over with a great crash . a scout bike race past and be lassoed with a heavy vine . the other end of the vine be tie to a tree , and the bike swing around in ever - tightening circle until it run out of rope and crash into the tree with a huge explosion . chewie swing on a vine to the roof of one of the walker . two ewok cling to he . they land with a thud on the top of the lurching machine , then hang on for dear life . one of the ewok peek through the window . WALKER pilot # 1 look ! pilot # 2 get he off of there ! the walker pilot open the hatch to see what 's go on . he be yank out and toss overboard before he can scream . the two ewok jump into the cockpit and knock the second pilot unconscious . the ewok be throw violently as the mighty machine careen out of control . outside , chewie be almost knock overboard ; he stick he head into the hatch with a series of angry bark . the ewok be too busy and frighten to listen to the wookiee 's complaint . chewie slip inside the walker . chewbacca 's walker move through the forest , fire laser blast at unsuspecting stormtrooper , and destroy other Imperial walker . the ewok shout and cheer as the giant machine help turn the tide of the battle in they favor . 116 ext forest - generator bunker han work furiously at the control panel ; wire spark as he attempt to hotwire the door . he motion to leia , who be blast away at some stormtrooper . han I think I get it . I get it ! the three wire spark as the connection be make . with a loud whoosh , a second blast door crash down in front of the first . han frown and turn back to the wire again . leia exchange shot with stormtrooper in the bush , then suddenly cry out in pain , she shoulder hit by a laser blast . threepio oh , princess leia , be you all right ? han let 's see . leia it 's not bad . stormtrooper ( os ) freeze ! they freeze . threepio oh , dear . stormtrooper do not move ! leia hold she laser gun ready , behind han , out of view of the two stormtrooper move toward they . han and leia 's eye lock ; the moment seem suspend in time . han I love you . another share look between they , as she smile up at han . leia I know . stormtrooper hand up ! stand up ! han stand up slowly and turn , revealing the gun in leia 's hand . she dispose of the stormtrooper in a flash . as han turn back toward leia , he look up to see a giant walker approach and stand before he , its deadly weapon aim right at he . han ( to leia ) stay back . the hatch on top of the walker open and chewie stick he head out and bark triumphantly . han chewie ! get down here ! she 's wounded ! no , wait .... I get a idea . 117 int emperor' tower - throne room luke and vader be engage in a man-to - man duel of lightsaber even more vicious then the battle on bespin . but the young jedi have grow stronger in the interim , and now the advantage shift to he . vader be force back , lose he balance , and be knock down the stair . luke stand at the top of the stair , ready to attack . emperor ( laugh ) good . use you aggressive feeling , boy ! let the hate flow through you . luke look momentarily toward the Emperor , then back to vader , and realize he be use the dark side . he step back , turn off he lightsaber , and relax , drive the hate from he be . vader obi-wan have teach you well . luke I will not fight you , father . vader walk back up the stair to luke . vader you be unwise to lower you defense . vader attack , force luke on the defensive . the young jedi leap in a amazing reverse flip up to the safety of the catwalk overhead . vader stand below he . luke you thought betray you , father . I feel the good in you ... the conflict . vader there be no conflict . luke you could not bring yourself to kill I before , and I do not believe you will destroy I now . vader you underestimate the power of the dark side . if you will not fight , then you will meet you destiny . vader throw the laser sword and it cut through the support hold the catwalk , then return to vader 's hand . luke tumble to the ground in a shower of spark and roll out of sight under the Emperor 's platform . vader move to find he . emperor ( laugh ) good. good . 118 ext space - AIR battle the two armada , like they sea-bound ancestor , blast away at each other in individual point- blank confrontation . a Star destroyer explode . the rebel victor limp away , its back half alive with a series of minor explosion . the rebel cruiser manage to move in next to a second Star destroyer before it explode completely , take the Imperial Star destroyer with it . the falcon and several fighter attack one of the larger Imperial ship . lando watch out . squad at .06 . rebel pilot I be on it , gold leader . wedge good shot , Red two . lando now ... come on , han , old buddy . do not let I down . 119 int bunker - control room controller watch the main viewscreen on which a vague figure of a Imperial walker pilot can be see . there be a great deal of static and interference . han / pilot ( vo ) it 's over , Commander . the rebel have be route . they be flee into the wood . we need reinforcement to continue the pursuit . the controller cheer . control room commander send three squad to help . open the back door . second commander yes , sir . 120 ext forest - generator bunker as the door to the bunker open and the Imperial troops rush out , they be surprised to find themselves surround by rebel , they weapon point at they . ewok hold bow and arrow appear on the roof of the bunker . the Imperial troops throw down they gun as han and chewie rush inside the bunker with explosive charge . 121 int bunker - control room han , chewie , and several troops rush into the control room and plant explosive charge on the control panel and rush out . han throw I another charge . 122 int emperor' tower - throne room vader stalk the low - ceiling area on the level below the throne , search for luke in the semi-darkness , he lightsaber hold ready . vader you can not hide forever , luke . luke I will not fight you . vader give yourself to the dark side . it be the only way you can save you friend . yes , you thought betray you . you feeling for they be strong . especially for ... vader stop and sense something . luke shut he eye tightly , in anguish . vader sister ! so ... you have a twin sister . you feeling have now betrayed she , too . obi-wan be wise to hide she from I . now he failure be complete . if you will not turn to the dark side , then perhaps she will . luke never-r-r ! luke ignites he lightsaber and scream in anger , rush at hisfather with a frenzy we have not see before . spark fly as luke and vader fight in the cramped area . luke 's hatred force vader to retreat out of the low area and across a bridge overlook a vast elevator shaft . each stroke of luke 's sword drive he father further toward defeat . the Dark Lord be knock to he knee , and as he raise he sword to block another onslaught , luke slashes vader 's right hand off at the wrist , cause metal and electronic part to fly from the mechanical stump . vader 's sword clatter uselessly away , over the edge of the platform and into the bottomless shaft below . luke move over vader and hold the blade of he sword to the Dark Lord 's throat . the Emperor watch with uncontrollable , pleased agitation . emperor good ! you hate have make you powerful . now , fulfill you destiny and take you father 's place at my side ! luke look at he father 's mechanical hand , then to he own mechanical , black - glove hand , and realize how much he be become like he father . he make the decision for which he have spend a lifetime in preparation . luke step back and hurl he lightsaber away . luke never ! I will never turn to the dark side . you have fail , you highness . I be a jedi , like my father before I . the Emperor 's glee turn to rage . emperor so be it ... jedi . 123 ext forest - generator bunker han and several of the fighter run out of the bunker and race across the clear . han move ! move ! a shock wave knock they flat as the bunker explode , follow by a spectacular display as the huge shield - generator radar dish explode along with the bunker . 124 int rebel STAR cruiser - bridge ackbar , sit in he control chair , speak into the radio . ackbar the shield be down ! commence attack on the death Star 's main reactor . lando we be on we way . Red Group , gold Group , all fighter follow I . ( laugh ) told you they would do it ! the falcon , follow by several smaller rebel fighter , head toward the unfinish superstructure of the death Star . 125 int emperor' tower - throne room luke stand still , as the Emperor reach the bottom of thestair . the Emperor 's laughter have turn to anger . he raise he arm toward luke . emperor if you will not be turn , you will be destroy . blind bolt of energy , evil lightning , shoot from the Emperor 's hand at luke . even in he surprise , the young jedi try to use the Force to deflect they . at first he be half successful , but after a moment the bolt of energy be come with such speed and power the young jedi shrink before they , he knee buckle . the wounded vader struggle to he foot , and move to stand at he master 's side . emperor Young fool ... only now , at the end , do you understand . luke be almost unconscious beneath the continue assault of the Emperor 's lightning . he clutches a canister to keep from fall into the bottomless shaft as the bolt tear through he . emperor you feeble skill be no match for the power of the dark side . you have pay the price for you lack of vision . luke writhes on the floor in unbearable pain , reach weakly up toward where vader stand watch . luke ( groan ) Father , please . help I . again vader stand , watch luke . he look at he master , the Emperor , then back to luke on the floor . emperor now , young skywalker ... you will die . although it would not have seem possible , the outpour of bolt from the Emperor 's finger actually increase in intensity , the sound scream through the room . luke 's body writhes in pain . vader grab the Emperor from behind , fight for control of the robe figure despite the Dark Lord 's weaken body and gravely weaken arm . the Emperor struggle in he embrace , he bolt - shoot hand now lift high , away from luke . now the white lightning arc back to strike at vader . he stumble with he load as the spark rain off he helmet and flow down over he black cape . he hold he evil master high over he head and walk to the edge of the abyss at the central core of the throne room . with one final burst of he once awesome strength , darth vader hurl the Emperor 's body into the bottomless shaft . the Emperor 's body spin helplessly into the void , arcing as it fall into the abyss . finally , when the body be far down the shaft , it explode , create a rush of air through the room . vader 's cape be whipped by the wind and he stagger , and collapse toward the bottomless hole . luke crawl to he father 's side and pull he away from the edge of the abyss to safety . both the young jedi and the giant warrior be too weak to move . 126 ext / int - space battle - fighter and death STAR rebel fighter follow the falcon across the surface of the death Star to the unfinish portion , where they dive into the superstructure of the giant battle station , follow by many tie fighter . wedge I be go in . lando here go nothing . Three x-wing lead the chase through the ever- narrowing shaft , follow by the falcon and four other fighter , plus tie fighter who continually fire at the rebel . light reflect off the pilot 's face as they race through the dark shaft . lando now lock onto the strongest power source . it should be the power generator . wedge form up . and stay alert . we could run out of space real fast . the fighter and the falcon race through the tunnel , still pursue by the tie fighter . one of the x-wing be hit from behind and explode . lando Split up and head back to the surface . see if you can get a few of that tie fighter to follow you . pilot copy , gold leader . the rebel ship peel off pursue by three of the tie 's , while lando and wedge continue through the main tunnel . it narrow , and the falcon scrape the side dangerously . two other tie fighter continue to blast away at they . lando that be too close . nien nunb agree . the battle between the rebel and Imperial fleet rage on . several cruiser fire at the giant Super Star destroyer . 127 int rebel STAR cruiser - bridge ackbar we have get to give that fighter more time . concentrate all fire on that Super Star destroyer . x-wing pilot head across the surface of the huge battleship . 128 int vader' STAR destroyer - bridge Admiral piett and a commander stand at the window , look out to the battle . they look concerned . controller Sir , we have lose we bridge deflector shield . piett intensify the forward battery . I do not want anything to get through . the commander be look out of the window where a damage rebel fighter be out of control and head directly toward the bridge . piett intensify forward firepower ! commander it 's too late ! the rebel pilot scream as he ship hit the Star destroyer , cause a huge explosion . the giant battle ship lose control , crash into the death Star , and explode . 129 int rebel STAR cruiser - bridge there be excitement on the bridge as the battle rage on all side . they cheer as the giant Star destroyer blow up . 130 int death STAR - MAIN docking BAY Chaos . for the first time , the death Star be rock by explosion as the rebel fleet , no longer back against a wall , zoom over , unload a heavy barrage . Imperial troops run in all direction , confuse and desperate to escape . in the midst of this uproar , luke be try to carry the enormous deadweight of he father 's weaken body toward a Imperial shuttle . finally , luke collapse from the strain . the explosion grow louder as vader draw he closer . vader ( a whisper ) luke , help I take this mask off . lure but you will die . vader nothing can stop that now . just for once ... let I look on you with my own eye . slowly , hesitantly , luke remove the mask from he father 's face . there beneath the scar be a elderly man . his eye do not focus . but the die man smile at the sight before he . anakin ( very weak ) now ...go , my son . leave I . luke no . you be come with I . I can not leave you here . I have get to save you . anakin you already have , luke . you be right about I . tell you sister ... you be right . luke Father ... I will not leave you . darth vader , anakin skywalker ... luke 's father , die . a huge explosion rock the docking bay . slowly , luke rise and , half carry , half drag the body of he father , stumble toward a shuttle . 131 ext death STAR the millennium falcon lead a swerving bomb run through the immense superstructure of the half - build death Star . the rebel Star cruiser outside continually bombard the huge station . and each direct hit be answer by resonate , chain - reaction explosion within the station itself . 132 int millennium falcon - cockpit and gun port lando 's crew fire away at the pursue tie fighter as the dash Baron of bespin and he alien copilot home in on the main reactor shaft . it be awesome . a lone x-w be just in front of the falcon . wedge there it be ! lando all right , wedge . go for the power regulator on the north tower . wedge copy , gold leader . I be already on my way out . the x-w head for the top of the huge reactor and fire several proton torpedoe at the power regulator , cause a series of small explosion . the falcon head for the main reactor , and when it be dangerously close , lando fire the missile , which shoot out of the falcon with a powerful roar , and hit directly at the center of the main reactor . he maneuver the falcon out of the wind superstructure just ahead of the continue chain of explosion . 133 int rebel STAR cruiser - bridge ackbar and other mon calamari lean on the railing of the bridge , watch the large screen show the death Star in the main briefing room . ackbar move the fleet away from the death Star . 134 ext death STAR a Imperial shuttle , with luke alone in the cockpit , rocket out of the main docking bay as that entire section of the death Star be blow away . finally , just as it look like the falcon will not make it , lando expertly pilot the craft out of the explode superstructure and whizze toward the sanctuary Moon , only a moment before the death Star supernovas into oblivion . 135 int millennium falcon - cockpit lando and nien nunb laugh and cheer in relief . 136 ext endor forest han and leia , chewie , the droid , the rebel troops , and the ewok all look to the sky as the death Star reveal itself in a final flash of self - destruction . they all cheer . threepio they do it ! han look town from the sky to leia , a look of concern on he face . leia continue to look at the sky as though listen for a silent voice . han I be sure luke be not on that thing when it blow . leia he be not . I can feel it . han you love he , do not you ? leia smile , puzzle . leia yes . han all right . I understand . Fine . when he come back , I will not get in the way . she realize he misunderstanding . leia oh . no , it 's not like that at all . he 's my brother . han be stunne by this news . she smile , and they embrace . 137 ext endor forest - night luke set a torch to the log stack under a funeral pyre where he father 's body lie , again dress in black mask and helmet . he stand , watch sadly , as the flame leap higher to consume darth vader -- anakin skywalker . in the sky above , firework explode and rebel fighter zoom above the forest . 138 ext ewok village square - night a huge bonfire be the centerpiece of a wild celebration . rebel and ewok rejoice in the warm glow of firelight , drum beat , sing , dance , and laugh in the communal language of victory and liberation . lando run in and be enthusiastically hugge by han and chewie . then , finally , luke arrive and the friend rush to greet and embrace he . they stand close , this hardy group , take comfort in each other 's touch , together to the end . rebel and ewok join together in dance and celebration . the original group of adventurer watch from the sideline . only luke seem distract , alone in they midst , he thought elsewhere . he look off to the side and see three shimmer , smile figure at the edge of the shadow : Ben kenobi , yoda , and anakin skywalker . fade out end credit over STAR field