Star Trek : the Movie script - Star Trek iv - the voyage Home - exclusive !!! Star Trek iv the voyage Home screenplay by harve bennett & nicholas meyer Story by steve meerson & peter krike rev . shoot script March 11 , 1986 production note 1 . please note that the character of starfleet Commander be " Admiral cartwright , " not " Admiral morrow . " please modify all script and production board accordingly . 2 . please note that master Chief petty Officer rand now first appear in scene 25 and in all subsequent starfleet Command scene . 3 . please note that Commander Chapel appear in scene 25 and in all subsequent starfleet Command scene . 4 . please note that a new scene 188a have be include and scotty 's side of the dialogue will be photograph in the cargo Bay Area . 5 . please note the readmission of scene 132 and 133 . 6 . uhura be now present in scene 132 . 7 . please note that in a new scene 158a , we be cover kirk in the transporter area of the Bird of prey during the plexiglass lowering sequence . also note , we will require video playback from production footage of gillian 's image outside . existing video monitor in cargo Bay will be playback source for this image . 8 . please note that in scene 188a , scotty will be cover in the cargo Bay . 9 . please note that Admiral morrow ( cartwright ) do not appear in scene 265 , 266 , 267 . dedication in black in the silence precede the paramount logo , in simple white letter which fade in be the follow legend : " the cast and crew of STAR trek wish to dedicate this film to the men and women of the starship challenger whose courageous spirit shall live to the 23rd century and beyond . " the legend fade out . ....................................................................... fade in : 1 space - a starfield - ilm 1 a horn sound the STAR trek fanfare , and we begin to move forward . MAIN title begin . and to the delight of Star Trek lover everywhere , the music over the early credit be the series theme by Alexander courage . we be in for a classic , good old Star Trek time . but hold on ... after the first 16 bar and early credit , the music trail off ominously into silence -- and a faint new SOUND . at the same time , we pick up a speck of light come toward we from deep space . as the SOUND grow , the speck begin to assume shape and form . 2 closer - the probe - ilm 2 a simple cylinder , non- threaten but huge in size , with odd , eye-like antennae . it emit the SOUND , a long synthesize gibberish , foreign to we ear . the SOUND stop ; the antennae rotate ; the SOUND be hear a second time , then stop . as the probe slowly pass we we hear : female voice what do you make of it ? male voice it appear to be a probe , Captain . from a intelligence unknown to we . 3 space - the starship saratoga - ilm 3 a reliant class vessel . female voice continue transmit ; universal peace and hello in all know language . ( then ) get I starfleet Command . 4 int . bridge - USS saratoga - favoring the captain 4 she be a concerned starfleet professional . her male science officer stand beside she . credit resume . captain starfleet Command , this be USS Saratoga patrol sector 5 , neutral zone . we be tracking a probe of unknown origin on apparent trajectory to the terran solar system . attempt to communicate with the probe have be negative on all know frequency . starfleet voice continue tracking , Saratoga . we will analyze transmission and advise . captain Roger , starfleet , Saratoga out . helmsman Range 400,000 kilometer , close . ( gibberish start ) here it come again . the call , louder this time . as they listen , the Bridge light begin to dim . captain what 's cause that !? science officer Captain , they call be be carry on a amplification wave of enormous power ! captain can you isolate the wave ? science officer negative . it 's impact on all we system ! even as he speak , the gibberish increase in volume and the light on the bridge dip lower . captain yellow alert ! shield up . helm , reduce close speed ! the helmsman attempt to comply . nothing work . helmsman Captain , thruster control have be neutralize ! captain emergency thrusters ! helmsman ( try , then ) no response , Captain ! 5 space - the probe , past saratoga - ilm 5 the distance close rapidly ; the probe 's size be get awesome ; the gibberish resume , loud ... 6 saratoga bridge 6 as the gibberish reach a loud climax , the light go out entirely , along with all engine and electronic sound . in the sudden darkness : captain voice emergency light ! very low level light ; baffle face ; system check . captain damage report ! science officer Captain ... all system have fail ... we be function on reserve power only . captain we be out of control -- rig for collision ... 7 ext . space - the probe - ilm 7 as it bear down on Saratoga , and pass massively overhead , endlessly ; the probe be now recognize as mile long . it pass now , and go off into the dis - tance . 7a back to the bridge 7a science officer ( stunne ) they have finish we . and we do not even know what they want ... the Captain consider this , turn to the comm Officer . captain give I whatever you have get on the emergency channel . ( then ) starfleet Command , this be Saratoga . can you hear I ...? come in , please ... come in , please ... 7b space - the probe - ilm 7b disappear in the distance . the gibberish begin faintly , ominously again . 8 ext . san francisco BAY area - day - ilm 8 the City of the 23rd century , the Golden Gate Bridge : push in to federation headquarters . 9 int . corridor - federation headquarters - close on 9 feet hurrying over marble floor , as credit continue . pan up now to reveal sarek , spock 's father , move out of shot . 10 int . corridor 10 as we pan sarek into shot with commander chapel , starfleet Medical Officer whose history in Star Trek be know to all . chapel thank you for come . it 's not go well . sarek be I to late to testify ? chapel I do not know . sarek raise a eyebrow , as they start out . 11 int . federation council chamber - angle on entry 11 as sarek and Chapel enter in semi-darkness , while event be take place o.s . they look in wonder at : 12 space - the enterprise 12 as it come toward we , only to be wreck and tear apart by a series of explosion . 13 back to sarek , chapel 13 awed , see this for the first time . 14 angle - ( giant screen ) 14 as Enterprise streak to its fiery death , watch in long shot by kirk and crew . then as kirk 's face be see , close : klingon voice there ! hold the image , hold ! as kirk 's image freeze , pull back to reveal : 15 int . federation council chamber - full 15 a doom room in which the federation council and its president sit at a long table before the federation seal . there be a gallery of representative from vari- ous planet . the screen on which kirk 's image be freeze be centrally locate . and at a spot light glass podium , stand the klingon ambassador , point . klingon ambassador behold ! the quintessential devil in this matter ! James T. kirk , renegade and terrorist ! not only be he responsible for the murder of a klingon crew ; the theft of a klingon vessel . see now the real plot and intention : 16 various angle in room and on screen 16 kirk , on screen , introduce the Genesis device and its awesome visual ( STAR trek ii and III ) . many people in the room have never see the secret material and react accordingly . and the klingon continue he tirade klingon ambassador even as the federation negotiate a peace treaty with we , kirk be secretly develop the Genesis torpedo ! conceive by kirk 's son and test detonate by the Admiral himself ! ( the proof be on screen ) the result of this awesome energy be euphemistically call " the Genesis Planet ... " a secret base from which to launch the . annihilation of the klingon people ! ( as the audience stir ) we demand the extradition of kirk ! we demand justice ! sarek klingon justice be a unique point of view , Mr. President . as the audience stir , sarek descend the stair . sarek ( continue ) Genesis be perfectly name : the creation of life not death . it be the klingon who have first blood while try to possess its secret . klingon ambassador vulcan be well know as the intellectual puppet of the federation ! sarek ( evenly ) you vessel do destroy u.s.s. Grissom . you man do kill kirk 's son . do you deny this event ? klingon ambassador we deny nothing ! we have the right to preserve we race ! sarek do you have the right to murder ? the gallery erupt in reaction and the Council President gavel they to silence . council president order . there will be no further outburst from the floor . sarek ( reach a podium ) Mr. President , I have come to speak on behalf of the accuse . klingon ambassador personal bias ! his son be save by kirk ! the President remain calm amid the buzzing . then : council president Mr. ambassador , with all respect , the Council 's deliberation be over . you have be allow to speak in order to put you view on the record . klingon ambassador then kirk go unpunish ?!? council president Admiral kirk have be charge with nine violation of starfleet regulation ... klingon ambassador starfleet regulation ? outrageous ! ( then ) remember this well : there will be no peace as long as kirk life ! and with a flourish , he exit with he staff as the assembly murmur . then : council president sarek of vulcan , with all respect -- we ask you to return kirk and he crew to answer for they crime . sarek with respect to you , Mr. President , there be only one crime : deny kirk and he crew the honors they so richly deserve . council president ... you be welcome to remain and testify . he gavel the meeting to its end . credit conclude . 17 space - the planet vulcan - moving in - ilm 17 a great red sphere . kirk Captain 's log , stardate 8390 ... 18 ext . vulcan - bird of prey - high shot - ilm 18 camera move in . the klingon ship rest on its landing pad ; the crew gather outside as in a meeting . kirk voice we be in the third month of we vulcan exile . we be uncertain about the progress of Captain spock 's memory training .. and it be Doctor mccoy with a fine sense of historical irony , who decide on a name for we capture klingon vessel . 19 ext . landing pad - close - bird of prey - near ramp 19 the word " h.m.s. bounty " have be hand paint on the side of the open bay door . camera move toward the gather Captain and Crew . kirk voice ... and like that mutineer of 500 year ago , we too have a hard choice to make . a choice make harder because we be all too old to suffer fool gladly ... nevertheless : camera pan : as kirk call the roll : bone ... scotty ... uhura ... chekov ... sulu . each raise a hand and hold it . kirk now say : kirk let the record show that the Commander and the crew of the late starship Enterprise have vote unanimously to return to Earth to face the consequence of they action in the rescue of they comrade , Captain spock . ( a long beat ) thank you all ... repair station , please . as they disperse : kirk Mr. Scott , how soon can we get underway ? scotty give I one more day , sir . the damage control be easy . reading klingon be hard . kirk nod , scotty head inside . Bones hang back sourly . bone you would think they could at least send a ship . bad enough to be court marshale and spend the rest of we life mining borite -- but to come home in this klingon flea trap ... kirk we could learn a thing or two from this flea trap . it have a cloaking device that cost we a lot . bone I just wish we could cloak the stench . and he start off . widen as kirk turn to lt . saavik , dress in vulcan attire . saavik Admiral , I would like to continue my work on the ship until you leave . kirk thank you , Lt. saavik . saavik ( produce disc ) and ... here be a deposition I have make . if it be not sufficient , I will return to Earth to testify . kirk do not concern yourself , saavik . you leave have be grant for good and proper cause . ( a beat ) how be you feel ? saavik I be well , Admiral . kirk you will be in good hand here . they exchange a look , and she start in , leave he alone in think . then he slowly , almost secretly look upward : he stare uncertainly at the mountain above . 20 omitted 20 21 high promontory above - up angle - a figure 21 we slow zoom to the hood figure . it be spock watch impassively . after a long moment , he turn and leave . 22 int . spock's test chamber - close on three screen 22 they form a computer console like a great pipe organ , with a bank of key . on each screen be the word : memory testing interrupted . " pull back as spock enter , sit thoughtfully , . then he place a small lightweight headset on : spock resume . what follow happen rapidly : question appear on all three screen . the tempo increase through the sequence to a crescendo . spock take it all on in stride , answer question by keyboard , or verbally , without be flapped . q. what be the molecular formula of yominum sulfide crystal ? ( A. k4ym3 ( so73 es 2 ) q. who say , " logic be the cement of we civilization with which we ascend from chaos use reason as we guide ? " ( A. t'plana - hath , matron of vulcan philosophy . ) q. what significant legal precedent arise from the peace pact between argus and rigel iv ? ( A. all being may not be create equal yet shall be give equal opportunity and treatment under the law . ) q. solve : ( a graphic of 3 - dimensional chess ) ( A. White Queen to section 5 , grid 6 . Queen take knight . Rook take Queen . White pawn to section 5 , grid 7 , pawn take rook. checkmate . ) q. what be kiri-kin- tha 's first law of metaphysic ? ( A. nothing unreal exist . ) q. adjust the sine wave of this magnetic envelope so that anti-neutron can pass through it but anti- graviton cannot . ( A. spock work keypad and the image of the envelope be change on one of the screen . ) q. what be the electronic configuration of gadolinium ? ( A. spock type , in one second : 5s22s22p63d104s24p6 4d104f75s25p64d16s2 . ) q. identify : ( a image appear ) ( A. a klingon mum - mification glyph from the earliest part of the Zanxthkolt dynasty . ) q. what be the principle historical event on the planet Earth in the year 1987 ? ( A. spock type , but thing be go too fast for we to see the answer . ) q. what significant contribution to bio-engineering be make on the loonkerian outpost on klendth ? ( A. the universal atmospheric element compensator . ) q. what be this a model of ? ( A. a three dimensional theoretical representation of a four dimensional time gate as propose by the andorian scientist , shre . ) q. where be the first conclusive advance make on toroidal space - time distortion and by whom ? ( A. at Cambridge , Massachusetts , Earth , in 2052 by Ralph seron . ) q. evaluate and conclude : a starship 's sensor indi- cate it be be pursue so closely that it occupy the same space as its pursuer . ( a . the warp drive regulator be create a parallex matter echo . ) abruptly , the hectic pace stop , there be a beat of silence ; then , on all three screen come the legend : memory test satisfactory . then : ready for final question . spock be ready . how do you feelo ? spock see it on all three screen and seem baffle . the question begin to flash impatiently . spock I do not understand . he stare at the flash question . he become aware of someone in the room . he turn to see he mother , amanda . spock ( continue ) I do not understand the final question ... amanda you be half human . the Computer know that . spock the question be irrelevant . amanda spock ... the retrain of you mind have be in the vulcan way , so you may not understand feeling . but as my son , you have they . they will surface . spock as you wish , since you deem they of value . but I can not wait here to find they . amanda where must you go ? spock to Earth . to offer testimony . amanda ( hopefully ) you do this -- for friendship ? spock I do this because I be there , amanda ( a pause ) spock . do the good of the many outweigh the good of the one ...? spock I would accept that as a axiom . amanda then you stand here alive because of a mistake -- make by you flaw , feel , human friend . they have sacrifice they future because they believe that the good of the one -- you -- be more important to they . spock ( a pause ) human make illogical decision ... amanda ... they do , indeed . spock cock he head , still baffle by this contradiction . 23 space - the probe - ilm 23 it pass camera innocently emit its call . no cause for alarm . except as the probe pass into the distance , we see it be head directly for the blue marble , Earth . 24 ext . san francisco - 23rd century - day - ilm 24 the sun be shine . move , along the Golden Gate Bridge , toward starfleet headquarters . 25 int . starfleet command - day - ilm element 25 large window overlook the bay . but in the midsection of the room , hi-tech display monitor the universe . the scene , and the tension be feverish . one of the communicator be lt . rand formerly of the Enterprise crew . Commander Chapel be also present . a verbal babble , and visual report at hectic pace . admiral morrow , starfleet Commander , preside . the Council President enter . council president status report , Admiral ! morrow Mr. President , the probe have pass through all quadrant . the starship shepard and yorktown and three smaller vessel have be neutralize . council president " neutralize ? " how ? morrow we do not know . it 's use form of energy we best scientist do not understand ... council president can you protect we ? morrow we be launching everything we have . as the President react to this ... 26 ext . space dock - ilm 26 the great rotate satellite , home of grand spaceship . 27 int . space dock - control booth , overlooking space craft 27 two controllers , back to we , sit in the control seat . they control several starship in b.g. controller one excelsior and Intrepid be clear to depart . open space dock door . over this , the SOUND of the probe's signal be hear . almost immediately , Controller two be in big trouble . controller two Sir ! Space dock door be inoperative ! controller one keep try . ( then ) excelsior and Intrepid stand by ! malfunction on exit door . intrepid voice Control , Intrepid . never mind . we can not get power up ! the two controller look at each other as the SOUND of the probe 's gibberish come in at deafening volume . controller two Space door not respond . all emergency system be non - functional . all over Space dock , light be dimming . controller one engage reserve power . starfleet Command , this be Space dock on emergency channel . we have lose all internal power . repeat , we have lose all power !... 28 space - the probe - entering earth orbit - ilm 28 the probe 's thruster fire , and it slow to orbit the blue marble below . 29 closer angle - the probe - ilm 29 as the antennae rotate to face the Earth . as the gib - berish come on , loud : 30 ext . ocean surface - ilm 30 a amazing effect : the SOUND , like the prow of a invisible boat , cut the surface of the ocean , leave not a wake of water -- but of rise cloud . 31 series of shot - ilm 31 we intercut between the probe 's transmission and the impact on the water surface of Earth to create a clear impression : cloud cover be slowly form as ocean water be be transformed into cloud vapor by the SOUND . 31a int . starfleet command - view screen include 31a the dignitary be stunne to see the cloud cover totally envelop they planet . 32 ext . vulcan sunrise - ilm 32 Long shadow over the red planet . 33 ext . bird of prey - dawn - ilm 33 the " hms bounty " sit alone in the morning light . 34 int . bird of prey - bridge 34 renovated and spruce up by the Enterprise crew . camera follows kirk as he inspect the pre-launch activity . kirk system report . Communications ? uhura Communications system ready . Communications Officer -- ready as she will ever be . kirk Mr. sulu ? sulu guidance be functional . onboard Computer will interface with federation memory bank ... kirk weapon system ? chekov operational , Admiral . cloak device now available in all mode of flight . kirk I be impressed , Mr. chekov . a lot of effort for a short voyage . chekov ( shrug ) we be in a enemy wessel , sir . I do not wish to be shot down on thee way to we own funeral . kirk most prudent . ( comm. button ) engine room . report , scotty . 35 int . engine room - bird of prey 35 we first look in this cavern . in addition to the transporter and engine area , there be a large cargo hold . scotty we be ready , sir . I have convert the dilithium sequencer to something less primitive . and Admiral -- I have replace the klingon food pack . they be givin ' I sour stomach . 36 back to bridge 36 kirk appreciate by all , Mr. Scott . ( then ) prepare for departure . as the crew chatter through the pre-launch check list , kirk cross to saavik , near the exit door , she work finish . kirk ( continue ) well , saavik . I guess this be goodbye . saavik yes , Admiral . ( then , stiffly ) Sir . I have not have the opportunity to tell you about you son . ( then ) David die most bravely . he save spock . he save we all ... I think you should know . kirk want to know , but be deeply move . at last he reach for she shoulder , hold on affectionately . after a moment , they separate . we follow saavik to the garb , stand in the open doorway look back at saavik . a moment . then : saavik ( continue ) good day , Captain spock ... May you journey be free of incident . spock live long and prosper , Lieutenant . she look back at kirk for the briefest moment , then exit . spock have start forward to kirk . 37 angle - spock and kirk 37 spock permission to come aboard . kirk permission grant . spock thank you , Admiral . kirk Jim , spock , jim. remember ...? spock it would be improper to refer to you as Jim while you be in command , Admiral ... also , I must apologize for my attire . ( befuddle ) I seem to have misplace my uniform . kirk well , I ... find that understandable ( at spock 's eyebrow ) I mean , you have be through a lot . ( then ) Station , please . spock nod , and somewhat rigidly cross to the Science station . kirk watch , uncertain . Bones be suddenly by he side , whisper . bone you sure this be such a bright idea ? kirk what do you mean ? bone I mean he , back at he post , like nothing happen . I do not know if you would get the whole picture but he be not exactly work on all thruster . kirk it will come back to he . bone be you sure ? ( kirk be not ) that 's what I think . kirk Mr. sulu ... take we home ... the whine of the energizer begin , the engine come alive . 38 ext . launch pad - dawn - the ramp 38 as saavik walk away without look back . the wind and roar of the engine . she walk to a wait amanda . 39 ext . launching pad - bird of prey - ilm 39 with a roar and a belch of rocketry , the Bird of prey lift off , and start its journey . 40 close - saavik and amanda 40 wind blow , they watch as : 41 ext . vulcan canyon - bird of prey - ilm 41 the Bird disappear among the canyon of vulcan . 42 int . starfleet command - screen and graphic - 42 pull back it be bedlam . data be pour in from every corner of the Earth . all the visual and audio report combine to create a trend that be inescapable : audio # 1 juneau , Alaska , cloud cover increase to 95 percent ! audio # 2 Tokyo , total cloud cover . all power be from reserve bank . audio # 3 leningrad have lose electrical power . cloud cover 100 percent . temperature drop rapidly . as the report continue on screen and on SOUND : president what be estimate cloud cover of the Planet at this time ? computer voice 93.2 percent . probe now orbit South Pacific . estimate total cloud cover by next orbit . no know way to dissipate cloud cover . morrow notify all station : starfleet emergency , Red alert . switch power immediately to planetary reserve . the SOUND of the probe be hear throughout , like the death knell . morrow turn to the President and say privately : morrow Mr. President , even with planetary reserve we cannot survive without the sun . president I be well aware of that , Admiral . now the President step to the great window , where sarek be watch the world of San Francisco . rain have begin to streak the window . president sarek ... be there no answer we can give this probe ? sarek it be difficult to answer if you do not understand the question . ( then ) Mr. President , perhaps you should transmit a planet distress signal , while we still have time . the President look at sarek deeply . if he old wise friend have no answer , what hope be there ...? 43 omitted 43 & & 44 44 45 ext . space - bird of prey - ilm 45 as it pass we at high speed . 46 int . bridge - bird of prey - past sulu to kirk 46 sulu estimate Planet Earth one point six hour present speed . kirk continue on course . chekov , any sign of federation escort ? chekov no , sir . and no federation wessel on assign patrol station . kirk that 's odd . uhura , what 's on the comm channel ...? uhura ( baffle by headset ) very active , sir. multi-phasic transmission , overlap .... almost a gibberish ... ( a beat ) let I see if I can sort it out . she set to work , intently : spock react , pick up a earpiece to listen in , perhaps be helpful . 47 bone 47 he see spock at science station , take this opportunity to walk to he old comrade , break the silence of month . bone hi ... busy ? spock uhura be busy . I be monitoring . bone umm . well , just want to say -- nice to have you katra back in you head , not mine . ( he smile ; spock stare ) I mean , I may have carry you soul , but I sure could not fill you shoe . spock ... my shoe ... bone forget it ... ( a new tack ) how ' bout cover a little philosophical ground ? life , death , life ... thing of that nature ? spock I do not have time on vulcan to review the philosophical discipline . bone spock , it 's I , Bones ! I mean we experience be unique . you really have go where no man have go before . can not you tell I what it feel like ? spock it would be impossible to discuss the subject without a common frame of reference . bone you be joke ...! spock a joke be a story with a humorous climax . bone you mean I have to die to discuss you insight on death ? spock ( be earpiece ) pardon I , Doctor , I be hearing many call of distress . Bones be enraged and frustrated by this as we go to : 47a favoring uhurah' station 47a as kirk arrive in response to she wave . kirk what be it ? uhura overlap distress call . some from starship ... other ... kirk on screen ! on screen , we have the option of play fragment of distress call from saratoga , and other vessel . but this fragment be ultimately supercede by the tear image of the federation president . some of he message will be obscure until uhura can find a balance . president's image this be ... President of ... grave warning : do not approach Planet Earth ... to all starship , repeat , do not approach ! ( as Crew react ) ... orbite probe ... emit transmission on energy wave unknown to we ... Wave , direct at we ocean ... ionize we atmosphere ... all power source have fail . starship be powerless . ( clear now ) ... a cloud envelope have envelop the Planet . heavy rain and flooding . temperature drop to critical level . Planet cannot survive unless probe be respond to ... probe transmission dominate all standard channel . Communications may not be possible ... save yourselves . avoid the Planet Earth ... farewell . kirk spock ? what do you make of it ? spock most unusual . a unknown form of energy of great intelligence and power . I find it illogical that its intention be hostile ... bone ( drip sarcasm ) really ? you think this be its way of say " hi there " to the people of the Earth ? spock there be million of other species on Earth , Doctor . only human arrogance would assume the message be mean for man . bone ( to kirk , aside : ) I like he better before he die . kirk Bones -- bone dammit , Jim , they have make he into a goddam green-blood computer ! and as Bones stalk off : kirk spock -- you be suggest the transmission be mean for life form other than man ? spock a distinct possibility , Admiral . the President do say the transmission be direct at the Earth 's ocean kirk uhura ... can you modify the probe 's signal by accounting for density temperature and salinity factor ? uhura I will try , sir . now begin a virtuoso performance by uhura : a series of SOUND change accounting for all the factor ; a feel of a deductive process , modify the gibberish by slow it down and change it , until : uhura ( continue ) I think I have it , sir . the Bridge be fill with a SOUND familiar to some in we audience , but baffling to we 23rd century friend . kirk ( to uhura ) then , this be what it would sound like underwater ? uhura yes , sir . spock fascinating . if my suspicion be correct , there can be no response to this message . as this impact , he rise abruptly and head for the door . kirk where be you go ?! spock ( turn ) to the on-board computer room . to confirm my suspicion . spock turn and be go . beat ; kirk start after he follow by Bones . kirk turn back to Bones . kirk Bones , stay here . bone no way -- somebody have to keep a eye on he ! 48 the orbiting probe - above earth - ilm 48 the ultimate condition statement : below the probe , the Planet have become a grey- black enshroud ball . pinpoint lightning flash can be see as tiny Christmas light . and the probe 's SOUND go on . 49 int . starfleet command - favoring display screen 49 above the din of the probe 's call and the shout and chatter of officer , the screen convey a series of terrible image , some deteriorate : -- Cloud , tumble abnormally in response to the probe 's call , build up massive thunderhead , split by lightning and thunder . -- a familiar landmark ( the lean Tower , the sphinx ) be see against grey - black tumble cloud . rain have begin to fall heavily . the sphinx appear to be cry . -- a dam crack , and torrent of water pour into the valley below , all under leaden sky . -- san francisco BAY : Dark with giant cloud , whipping wind and rain . lightn crackle on top the Golden Gate . as we widen from the screen , we be in the midst of bedlam . morrow , try to chatter order , the President try vainly to be hear on a comm channel , Commander Chapel urgently direct medical and evacuation effort . ( dialogue to come ) 50 angle at great window 50 the rain howl outside , and water be beginning to spray in through the seal . a crew , drench , be attempt to shore up the window itself . 51 omitted 51 52 int . computer room - bird of prey - close screen 52 as the probe 's modify call be hear ( whale song ) , a series of graphic image present themselves on screen ; the computer search narrow down to whale , and then , specific species thereof . in short order the computer find a match , and a line draw of a great whale appear . a printout indicate : " megaptera novaeangliae . " as this be occur , angle widen to include kirk and Bones watch intently behind spock . kirk spock ...? spock as suspect , the probe 's transmission be the song sung by whale . kirk whale ? on screen : " humpback whale " begin flash to replace the Latin species name . spock specifically , humpback whale . bone that 's crazy ! who would send a probe hundred of light year to talk to a whale ? kirk ( reflect ) it 's possible . whale be on Earth far earlier than man ... as data continue to flash on screen : spock 10 million year earlier . humpback be heavily hunt by man . they have be extinct since the 21st century ... it be possible that a alien intelligence send the probe to determine why they lose contact . bone ... my God ... kirk spock , could the humpback 's answer to this call be simulate ? spock the sound , but not the language . we would be respond in gibberish . kirk be there any other planet where this species exist ? spock the humpback be indigenous to Earth . Earth of the past . kirk that leave we no choice . we must destroy the probe before it destroy Earth . spock that would be futile , Admiral . the probe would neutralize we easily . kirk but we can not turn away ! be there no alternative ? spock there be one , but I can not guarantee its success . we could attempt to find some humpback whale . bone you just say there be not any except on Earth of the past . spock that be what I say , Doctor . bone then how .? he trail off , see kirk deep in think . bone ( continue ) now wait just a damn minute . kirk spock , start you computation for time warp . ( a beat ) come on , Bones . let 's pay scotty a visit . 52a int . cargo BAY - kirk and scotty 52 a stride through a vast cargo area . Bones follow . kirk scotty , how long be this bay ? scotty about 60 foot , Admiral . kirk that should be enough . can you enclose it to hold water ? scotty I suppose I can , sir ; be you plan to take a swim ? bone off the deep end , Mr. Scott . as scotty puzzle - kirk scotty , we have to find some humpback . scotty ( carefully ) humpbacked - people .? kirk whale , scotty . 45 to 50 foot long ; about 40 ton a piece . scotty Admiral - how be I go to handle all that weight ? kirk you will work it out , scotty . and remember : two of they . scotty two ? kirk it take two to tango , Mr. Scott . and with a confident grin , kirk exit , pursue by Bones . scotty the great flood and noah 's ark . what a way to finally go . 52b another angle - the cargo BAY 52b as Bones catch up with kirk . bone you be really go to try this time travel in this rust bucket ? kirk we have do it before . bone sure , slingshot around the Sun . if you pick up enough speed you be in time warp . if you do not , you fry .. kirk would you prefer to do nothing ? and kirk pass through the cargo Bay into : 52c int . neck corridor - bird of prey 52c Bones pursue kirk on the way to the bridge . bone I prefer a dose of common sense . you be propose to head backwards in time , find humpback whale , then bring they forward in time , drop they off - and hope they tell this probe what to do with itself ! kirk -- that 's the general idea . bone that 's crazy ! kirk if you have a better idea - now 's the time . there be a pause . Bones do not have a better idea . 52d int . bridge - bird of prey 52d the door open , kirk stride in , Bones follow . kirk Mr. spock , you computation ? spock in progress , Admiral . kirk uhura . get I through to starfleet Command . 53 ext . san francisco BAY - ilm 53 wave crash against the bridge post and the shoreline . wind roar : lightn , thunder , crackle and rumble . 54 int . starfleet command 54 torrential rain at the window ; lightning reflect deep into the room . the situation screen have become erratic ; technician scurry desperately and there be chatter overlap from all . through this : comm officer Sir ... I be pick up a faint transmission ... it 's Admiral kirk call ...! morrow on screen ! but at this moment , the entire situation display go fuzzy , distort , and be go . morrow ( continue ) Satellite reserve power , now ! the board start up again , but dimmer , more erratic . a distort image of kirk appear on screen ( intercut with bird of prey ) . we will not hear every word . kirk image ... Analysis ... probe call ... Captain spock ... opinion ... extinct species , humpback whale ... proper response ... do you read I ...? morrow stabilize ! emergency reserve ! as the comm Officer respond , sarek step up beside morrow . now kirk 's image clear enough to see : kirk starfleet , if you read , we be go to attempt time travel . we be computing we trajectory at this time ... but suddenly the power fail , kirk 's image be go . a silence as they stare at the blank screen . sarek ( softly ) good luck , kirk . and all you go with you . the interruption be sudden : the entire great window face the bay crash inward , fill the room with debris , cry , and howling wind . 55 ext . space - bird of prey - ilm 55 cloud cover Earth be distant b.g . the ship pass we . pan to see she 's head for the Sun . 56 omitted 56 56A int . bird of prey bridge 56 a spock ready to engage computer , Admiral . kirk what be we target in time ? spock the late 20th century . kirk surely you can be more specific ... spock not with this equipment . I have have to program some of the variable from memory . kirk what be the variable ...? spock availability of fuel component ; mass of the vessel through a time continuum , and the probable location of humpback , in this case , the Pacific basin . kirk you have program that from memory ...? spock I have . bone ( eye to heaven ) angel and minister of grace , defend we . spock hamlet , Act I scene 4 . kirk Mr. spock ... none of we have doubt about you memory . ( then ) engage computer . prepare for warp speed . 57 ext . space - bird of prey - ilm 57 her wing move to they sleekest position as she con - tinue she course to the Sun. 58 int . bird of prey bridge 58 kirk shield , Mr. chekov . chekov shield , aye . kirk May fortune favor the foolish . ( then ) Mr. sulu , warp speed ! 59 ext . space - series of shot - ilm 59 the Bird of prey explode into warp ; she blur past we eye several time , gain speed toward the Sun -- 60 intercut - bridge ( ilm element ) 60 sulu warp two ... three ... kirk steady as she go ... on view screen the sun be get larger . vibration begin on the bridge and increase markedly with speed ... sulu warp five ... seven ... scotty' voice I do not think she will hold together , sir ! kirk no choice now , scotty ! chekov Sir , heat shield at maximum ! sulu warp nine ... nine point two ... nine point three ... kirk Mr. sulu , we need breakaway speed ! sulu hang on , sir ... nine point seven ... point eight ... breakaway threshold ... kirk steady !!... ( cue from screen ) now , Mr. sulu ! 61 omitted 61 & & 62 62 63 space - series of shot - the slingshot - ilm 63 -- just as the Bird appear certain to be swallow by the Sun , a blast of some kind accelerate the ship along the far curve of the great star . solar flare lick at the bright blur as she -- -- arc suddenly behind the sun , whipping almost faster than we can see and -- -- like a tracer bullet on a circular course , the bright blur emerge from the opposite side of the sun and start back toward Earth . 64 ext . space - bird of prey - ilm 64 we be behind the ship , chase and close rapidly as it sizzle through space . we overtake the ship until the blue white heat of the engine fill the screen -- 65 int . bird of prey bridge 65 from the rear as camera continue moving in toward kirk sit in he chair . as the back of kirk 's head fill the screen : 66 time TRAVEL sequence - subjective - ilm 66 we be inside kirk 's mind as we see a series of hypnot - ic dream image float up from kirk 's subconscious ; undulate figure which float toward we and pass ... liquid face ... amorphous figure ... image of kirk 's shipmate in semi-transparent ghostly shape -- aging and regress . kirk 's image of himself run toward himself ... underwater look up at a sunlight - dapple surface ... gently wave strand of reed at a abstract shoreline ... disembody voice , sound and music add to the hypnotic effect . and then ... a whooshing roar begin to mount and grow louder until it climax with a terrible bang ! and we : CUT to : 67 ext . space - STAR field - ilm 67 empty a moment , then the Bird of prey descend into the shot , no longer glow , tranquil in flight . 68 omitted 68 69 int . bird of prey bridge 69 kirk Mr. sulu ...? ... Mr. sulu ?! sulu ( out of trance ) ... aye sir ...? kirk what be we condition ? sulu Sir ... brake thruster seem to have fire . kirk picture , please . on screen : the spectacle of Earth as see from high orbit ( NASA material ) . awesome . kirk ( continue ) Earth ... but when ?... spock ? spock ( at he station ) judge by the pollution content of the atmosphere , I believe we have arrive at the late 20th century . kirk well do , Mr. spock . uhura Admiral , I be receive whale song . kirk on speaker . sure enough . kirk ( continue ) Home in on the strongest signal . descend from orbit . spock Admiral , if I may : we be probably already visible to the tracking device of the time . kirk quite right , spock . Mr. chekov , engage cloaking device ! 70 ext . space - bird of prey - ilm ( cloak effect ) 70 descend , the ship , via the cloaking device , disappear . 71 int . bird of prey bridge 71 sulu we be crossing the terminator into night . spock home in on the west coast of North America ... uhura individual whale song get stronger ... this be strange , Admiral . the song be directly ahead . it 's come from San Francisco . kirk from a city ? that do not make sense .... sulu perhaps thy be strand in the Bay , sir ?... or in captivity ? scotty' voice Admiral , you and spock better get down here ...! kirk ( thoughtfully ) continue approach ... 72 int . bird of prey engine room - close - power console 72 ( as shot ) within a shield sub-room , we can see through a window dilithium crystal . they be beautiful , but they be dim . widen as scotty tell kirk and spock : scotty they be give out . de-crystallizing . kirk give I a round figure , Mr. Scott . scotty oh , twenty - four hour , give or take , stay cloak . after that , Admiral , we will be visible -- and dead in the water . in any case , we will not have enough to break out of the Earth 's gravity , to say nothing of get back home . kirk scowl at the crystal . kirk I can not believe we have come this far only to be stop by this ! ( think ) scotty , be there any way dilithium can be re-crystallized ? scotty sorry , sir . we can not even do that in the 23rd century . spock there be a 20th century possibility . kirk explain . spock if memory serve , there be a dubious flirtation with nuclear fission reactor result in toxic side effect . by the beginning of the fusion era , this reactor have be replace , but at this time , we should be able to find some . kirk but you say toxic . spock we could rig a device to collect they high energy photon safely ; we could then inject the photon into the dilithium chamber , cause crystalline restructure .... theoretically . kirk where would we find this reactor ... theoretically . spock nuclear power be widely use in naval vessel ... kirk look at he , think . 73 ext . san francisco - down angle Pov - night - ilm 73 the city , alive with light . we be descend . 74 the bridge 74 the footage be see on screen . kirk be on station . they be all watch . bone it do not look all that different . kirk let 's hope so , Bones . Mr. sulu , set we down in Golden Gate Park . sulu aye , sir . descend . kirk we will divide into team . commander chekov and uhura be assign to the uranium problem . chekov yes , sir . kirk Dr. mccoy , you , Mr. Scott and Commander sulu will convert we a whale tank . bone oh , joy . kirk Captain spock and I will attempt to trace this whale song to they source . uhura I will have bear and distance for you , sir . kirk right . ( then ) now look : I want you all to be very careful . this be terra incognita . many custom will doubtless take we by surprise . it 's a forgone conclusion this people have never see a extra-terrestrial before . everyone look at spock . he arch a eyebrow ; reach into he robe and pull out a strip of lining which he tie around he head , conceal he ear and make he look like a japanese gentleman in samurai dress . kirk ( continue ) this be a extremely primitive and paranoid culture . Mr. chekov , issue a phaser and communicator to each team . ( then ) we will maintain radio silence except in emergency , all transmission to be precede by three code bleep . anyone in uniform , get rid of you rank insignia . ( they do ) any question ? ( then ) all right , let 's do we job and get out of here . we own world be wait for we to save it if we can . 75 ext . golden gate park - night 75 a garbage truck be stop as two garbage men empty park trash can into the rear of the truck . 1st garbage man so I tell she : if you think I be lay out sixty buck for a goddam toaster oven you get another thing come . 2 nd garbage man so what would she say ? before he can answer , a mighty wind come up . we be talk Hurricane gloria at 150 m.p.h . it 's all they can do to hang on to the truck for dear life , squinting in the direction of the wind . after a couple of moment , the wind die as quickly as it arise . 1st garbage man what the fuck be that ? but both be now take by a weird SOUND , and they look to see : 76 ext . park - night - ilm 76 the ramp of the Bird of prey descend , the only visible part of the ship . kirk and he crew descend , back -lit . 77 back to the truck 77 the garbage man stare in disbelief . number one start for the cab , grab number two , who 's freeze , and they scramble into the truck , fumble for the starter , and roar away . 78 int . truck 78 number two do you see that ? number one no . and neither do you , so shut up . 79 back to ramp 79 as the truck roar off in the distance , kirk and the crew reach the ground . the ramp close , restore normal light . kirk we will stick together till we get orientate . bear to the whale ? uhura ( with tricorder ) 283 degree ... 15.2 kilometer ... kirk everyone remember where we park . and they move off . CUT to : 80 ext . downtown san francisco - various shot - day 80 Culture shock ! bustle traffic and people . we doughty band move through the scene in awe and wonder , take in sight and sound . they be little notice by passersby ; they dress may be a little odd , but this be San Francisco . now they stop in front of a news machine . 81 Pov - the headline , san francisco chronicle 81 " nuclear arm talk stall . " 82 back to scene 82 bone it 's a miracle this people ever get out of the 23rd century . a man step to the machine , insert coin , take a paper . kirk frown . kirk damn , they be still use money . we be go to need some . he look around in think , see : 83 he Pov - antique store : " we buy and sell " 83 84 back to scene 84 kirk you people wait here ... and spread out . we look like a cadet review . ... spock -- the group spread out self consciously , as spock follow kirk across the street . in mid-street , a car squeal to a stop to avoid hit kirk . car driver watch be you be go , you dumb ass ! kirk ( flustered ) and double dumb ass on you ! spock react to this language . 84a ext . the other side of the STREET 84a the rest of the crew have spread out per kirk 's instruction , be wait as a young japanese boy pass sulu , do a double take and come up to he . the scene will be play in japanese with English sub-titles . the boy ( in wonder ) ojichan ? akira ojichaan dewa naino ? koko de nani shiteru no ? ( translation ) ( uncle akira ?! be that you ? what be you do here ? ) sulu ( in classical japanese ) gomen nasarei . hito chigai de gozaranuka to . ( translation ) I be sorry , my son . you have mis- take I for someone else . the boy ah , chigaau hito da . hanashi kata ga okashii . ( translation ) yes , this must be true . you talk funny . he start to back away apologetically but sulu stop he . sulu chotto omachi nasarei . namae wa nanto moosareruka to . ( translation ) wait my son . what be you name ? the boy sulu hikaru . sulu ( visibly move ) ah , sorenara mazu mazu nagaiki will sareru to mira . ( translation ) ah ... then I be sure that you will have a long and happy life . the boy arigato . sayonara . ( translation ) thank you , honorable sir . the boy depart and Bones step to sulu . bone who be that ? sulu that , Doctor , be my great great grandfather . on mccoy 's reaction we CUT to : 85 int . antique store - day 85 the owner examine kirk 's glass , now shattered . owner yes , they be eighteenth century american , quite valuable . be you sure you want to part with they ? kirk how much will you give I ? as the owner examine the glass : spock be not that a birthday present from Dr. mccoy ? kirk and they will be again , spock . that 's the beauty of it . ( to owner ) how much ? owner they would be worth more if the lense be intact . I will give you 200 buck take it or leave it . kirk ( brightly ) be that a lot ? 86 ext . another STREET corner 86 as kirk divide the money . kirk that 's all there be , so nobody splurge . be we set ? ( they be ) then , good hunt . and they divide into team and start off . we stay with kirk and spock as they begin walk . kirk ( continue ) well , spock , thanks to you restore memory and a little bit of luck , we be in the street of San Francisco look for a pair of humpback whale . ( then ) how do you propose to solve this minor problem ? spock simple logic will suffice . we need a map . ( gesture ) that one should do . he lead kirk to a system map in a bus stop enclosure . spock ( continue ) I will juxtapose we coordinate on this map and find we destination . he start to , but the map be diagrammatic , and very puzzle to spock . as he struggle with its illogic , a bus pull up . on the side be a ad : " see GEORGE and gracie , the only two humpback whale in captivity at the cetacean Institute , sausalito . " kirk smile . kirk I think we will find what we be look for at the cetacean Institute in sausalito . two humpback call George and Gracie . spock ( perplex ) how do you know this ...? kirk ... simple logic . 87 angle at bus door 87 kirk , follow by spock , enter . the door close , but the bus do not start . camera pan along bus to the rear exit door , which open , disgorge a frustrated kirk and a puzzle spock . spock what do it mean , exact change ? 88 ext . STREET - day 88 Bones , scotty and sulu . bone would you mind tell I how we plan to convert this tank ? scotty ordinarily , I could do it with a piece of transparent aluminum ... sulu you be about 150 year too early for that . scotty I know . we have get to find the 20th century equivalent ... sulu ( point ) what about that ? they look off . rack focus to a billboard : " can't find it ? try the yellow page ! " 89 int . phone booth - close on phone book - day 89 a finger run down one of the white page , find some - thing , snap the book shut . widen to reveal chekov emerge from the booth , uhura wait . uhura find it ? chekov yes , under " U.S. government . " now we need direction . he step forward , stop a passerby . chekov ( continue ) Excuse I , sir . can you direct I to the navy base in alameda ? passerby ( hearing the accent ) the ... navy base ? chekov yes . where they keep the nuclear wessel . 90 int . bus - day 90 kirk and spock be riding across the Golden Gate Bridge . in front of they , a punker listen to a ghetto blaster so loudly that every time kirk try to talk , he can not be hear . finally he lean forward and shout : kirk Excuse I . can you please stop that sound ? in response , the punker flip he the finger . in response to which , spock give the punker a vulcan nerve pinch and disarm the radio . other passenger applaud . kirk and spock settle into they seat . spock as you observe , a primitive Culture . kirk yes . spock Admiral , may I ask you a question ? kirk spock , do not call I Admiral . do not you remember : you use to call I Jim ... now what 's you question ? spock you use of language have alter since we arrival . it be currently lace with -- shall I say -- more colorful metaphor : " double dumb ass on you " -- and so forth ... kirk you mean profanity . that 's simply the way they talk here . nobody pay any attention to you if you do not swear every other word . you will find it in all the literature of the period . spock for example ? kirk think . kirk oh , the complete work of jacqueline Susan , the novel of harold robbin .... spock ah ... the giant . 91 ext . maritime cetacean institute - day 91 the bus pull up and disgorge kirk , spock and a few other visitor . they head for the impressive building . 92 int . institute - MAIN room - day 92 large , beautiful , with great hang replica of whale dominate . a tour group have gather , and dr . gillian taylor , perkily attractive , enter to take charge . gillian good morning . I be you guide this morning ; my name 's Dr. gillian Taylor , but you can call I gillian . I be Assistant director of the maritime cetacean Institute . please follow I and just give a yell if you can not hear , okay ? she start off , all follow . gillian ( continue ) the cetacean Institute be the only museum in the world exclusively devote to whale . as you can see we have a great seal to offer , but that be small compare to what we know -- or rather what wee do not know about whale . the first commonly hold misconception be that whale be fish . they be not ; they be mammal like we . warm - blooded , need air to breathe and produce milk to nurse they young . they be very old mammal -- 11 million year , give or take . during the spiel , Taylor notice kirk . in a odd way , they connect . he 's attractive , even in he odd clothes , and he pay stricter attention than the average Joe . a man do whale attack people -- like in " moby Dick " ? gillian most whale do not even have tooth . they strain vast amount of tiny shrimp for food and that be the limit of they hostility . un - fortunately , they principle enemy be far more aggressive . kirk you mean man ... gillian to put it mildly . since the dawn of time , man have harvest whale for a variety of purpose , most of which can be achieve synthetically at this point . a hundred year ago , use hand - throw harpoon , they do plenty of damage -- but that be nothing compare to what they have achieve in this century . gillian push a button and screen modern whale - hunt footage . pretty gruesome stuff . gillian ( continue ; still emotional for she ) this be mankind 's legacy : whale hunt to the brink of extinction . virtually go be the Blue whale , large creature ever to inhabit the Earth . ( beat ) despite all attempt at ban whaling , there be still country and pirate currently engage in slaughter of this inoffensive creature . where the humpback whale once numbered in the hundred of thousand , today there be less than 7 thousand specimen alive and that that be take be no longer fully grow . in addition , many of the female be kill , still bear unborn calve . the picture graphically illustrate what she 's talk about . spock to hunt a species to extinction be not logical . gillian ( bitter ) whoever say the human race be logical ? ( then ) now if you will follow I , I will introduce you to the Institute 's pride and joy . they start after she . 93 ext . whale tank - day - ilm element 93 gillian this be the large sea water tank in the world -- and it contain the only two humpback whale in captivity . the two whale undulate majestically . they be colossal . kirk and spock react in awe . gillian ( continue ) they be mature humpback , weigh 45,000 pound each . they wander into San Francisco Bay as calve and be bring here . we call they George and Gracie . kirk ( excited whisper ) it 's perfect , spock : a male , a female , together in a contain space can beam they up together and consider ourselves damn lucky ... spock react oddly to this . gillian beautiful , be not they ? and extremely intelligent . why should not they be ? they be swim around with the large brain on Earth ... now if you will follow I please . the group enter the building . spock hang back . kirk do not notice he absence . 93a int . build 93a as gillian continue the tour . gillian despite all the thing they be teach we we have to return George and Gracie to the open sea . kirk why 's that ? gillian well , for one thing , we simply do not have the money to keep feed they a couple of ton of shrimp a day ! kirk how soon ? gillian soon ... it 's too bad because they be very friendly as you can see . I have grow quite attach to they ... this way . she start down a spiral staircase that wind around the tank . the other follow , minus spock . 94 angle next to tank window , lower level 94 gillian stop with she back to the tank . gillian here 's a much better way to see George and Gracie -- underwater . kirk have begin to look for spock -- but in vain . 95 int . tank - underwater 95 as gillian continue she spiel , camera move in toward the whale and discover spock -- in the water , swim to they ! he approach one , and look it in the eye . the great eye stare back . 96 closer angle - underwater 96 spock and the whale be a foot apart . spock gently put he hand on the whale -- a mind meld . a shaft of back lightning make the mood ethereal . 97 ext . tank 97 over speaker , we hear whale song . the crowd react . gillian what you be hearing be whale song . it be sung by the male . he will sing any - where from six to as long as thirty minute , and then , start again . in the ocean , other whale will pick up the song ... and pass it on . now kirk see spock in the water behind gillian and be in mild shock . he watch wild - eye as spock and whale move through the water in mid mind -meld . gillian ( continue ) the song change every year , but we still do not know what purpose they serve . be they navigational ? part of the mate ritual ? or pure communication beyond we comprehension ? a older woman maybe he 's sing to the man . as the woman point , gillian turn around to see : 98 Pov - spock and whale in tank 98 99 back to scene 99 gillian what the hell --! ( start out ) Excuse I ! wait right here ! she dash up the stair as kirk desperately pursue . 100 ext . edge of tank - day 100 spock climb out , and be put on he robe as gillian come run to he from a distance , follow but kirk . gillian who the hell be you ? what be you do in there ?! spock turn to kirk for guidance , but : kirk you hear the lady ! spock give it he best logical shot . spock attempt the hell to communicate . gillian communicate ? communicate what ? you have no right to be here ! spock hesitates . kirk come on , fellah -- speak up ! spock Admiral , if we be to assume this . whale be ours to do with as we please , we would be as guilty as that who cause they extinction . gillian ( realize they be together ) ohhhkay . I do not know what this be about , but I want you guy outta here right now or I call the cop . kirk I assure you that will not be necessary . we be only try to help ... gillian the hell you be , buster . you friend be mess up my tank and mess up my whale ... spock they like you very much . but they be not the hell you whale . gillian I suppose they tell you that ...? spock the hell they do . 101 ext . road near cetacean institute - day 101 kirk and spock walk , Golden Gate Bridge in the back - ground . slight tension between they . then : kirk spock ... spock yes ? kirk about that colorful metaphor we discuss . I do not think you should try to use they . spock why not ? kirk well , for one thing , you have not quite get the hang of it . spock I see . kirk and another thing ... it be not always necessary to tell the truth . spock I can not tell a lie . kirk you do not have to lie ... you could exaggerate . spock exaggerate . kirk you have do it before . can not you remember ? spock the hell I can not kirk ( sigh ; then ) what else do you learn from you mind meld ? spock they be very unhappy about the way they species have be treat by man . kirk they have a right to be ... ( then ) do you think they will help we ? spock I believe I be successful in communicate we intention . kirk ( a uncertain beat ) ... I see . 102 ext . whale tank - day 102 gillian sit on the edge , dangle she foot . George and Gracie swim back and forth next to she , blow water that shower she . she stroke they . gillian it 's all right . yes . I know . it 's okay . they do not mean any harm . the whale make noise . they be try to tell she something -- but what ? bob brigg , director of the Institute , come up behind she . bob Heard there be some excitement . gillian just a couple of kook ... Bob watch she affectionately from behind ; kick off he shoe and , roll up he slack , sit down next to she with he foot in the water . bob how're you do ? gillian Fine . just fine . bob do not tell I fish storey , kiddo . I have know you too long . gillian Bob ... it 's tear I apart . bob I know . I feel the same thing . but we be between a rock and a hard place . we can not keep they without risk they life and we can not let they go without a take the same chance . gillian ( dully ) yeah . bob and finally , they be not human being , you know . they intelligence have in no way be prove comparable to ours -- gillian I do not know about you , but my compassion for someone be not limited to my estimate of they intelligence . ( beat ) I mean whale may not have paint the mona Lisa or invent the dirt bike but they do not ravish the land either . Bob be rebuke . gillian rise . gillian ( continue ) sorry if I speak out of turn . bob not at all . you give I thing to think about . you always do . you do sound a little wreck , why do not you go home and stare at the ceiling ? gillian ( nod ) why do not I ? gillian go off . Bob sit , then take he foot out of the tank . joe , a assistant , come over . joe we all square away ? bob look like it . joe she 's gonna go berserk . bob it 's for she own good , Joe ; it 's the only way . she will call I name for a while , but then she will calm down and understand . 103 ext . alameda naval base - long shot - day - 103 establishing a great aircraft carrier at dock ; the Naval base beyond . as camera move in , we note from the gangplank banner and the dockside cabanas that this be " u.s.s. enterprise , cvn65 . " a definite Star Trek moment . 103a reverse - a park - like area , close by - ( and intercut ) 103a ( as shot ) camera move to reveal uhura and chekov come through the tree to discover enterprise in the near distance . a moment between they . then uhura whip out she tricorder and begin get some reading . as the tricorder beeps , chekov pull out the communicator . chekov team leader , this be team 2 . come in , please ... uhura ( the beeps increase ) I have the coordinate of the reactor ... chekov ... it give I a great sense of history . uhura it give I a great sense of danger . we have to beam in next to the reactor room , not in it . kirk voice team 2 ? kirk here .... chekov Admiral , we have find the nuclear wessel . 104 ext . road - kirk and spock - ( intercut ) ( as shot ) 104 kirk ah , well do , team 2 . chekov and Admiral , it 's the Enterprise . kirk understood . what be you plan ? chekove voice we will beam in tonight , collect the photon and beam out . no one will ever know we be there . kirk understood and approve . keep I inform . kirk out . as kirk be about to start another call on the comuni- cator , a approach vehicle make he put the device away . he turn to see : 104a Pov - a landrover approaching 104a 105 omitted 105 106 int . landrover - day 106 107 her Pov - through windshield 107 kirk and spock trudging down the road ahead . 108 inside car 108 she react , keep she eye on they , and pass they slowly enough so that they look up to see she . as she leave they behind , she purse she lip , stop the car , consider . then she back up . 109 kirk and spock 109 kirk it 's she -- from the Institute . if we play we card right , we may learn when that whale be really leave . spock how will play card help ? the land rover back into the scene ; kirk acknowledge she presence but continue walk , play it cool . gillian begin tracking alongside . gillian well , if it be not Robin Hood and Friar tuck . no response . gillian ( continue ) where be you fella head ? kirk eye she , keep walk . kirk back to San Francisco . gillian come all the way down here to jump in and swim with the kiddie , huh ? kirk there 's really very little point in my try to explain . gillian I buy that . what about he ? kirk he 's harmless . ( inspiration ) back in the sixty he be part of the free speech movement at Berkeley . I think he do too much lds . gillian lds ?? be you dyslexic on top of everything else ? come on , lemme give you a lift . I have a notorious weakness for hard luck case -- that 's why I work with whale . kirk we do not want to be any trouble . gillian you have already be that . c'mon . she stop , push open the door . they get in , spock in the middle stare straight ahead . kirk thanks . gillian do not mention it . and do not try anything , either . I get a tire iron right where I can get at it . kirk have no idea what she 's talk about . silence . then , to spock : gillian ( continue ) so you be at Berkeley . spock I be not . kirk roll he eye . kirk memory problem , too . gillian uh huh . what about you ? where you from ? kirk Iowa . gillian a landlubber . come on , what the hell be you boy really try to do back there ? be it some kinda macho thing ? if that 's all , I be gonna be real disappointed . I hate that macho type . kirk can I ask you something ? gillian go ahead . kirk what 's go to happen when you release the whale ? Long pause . gillian do not like consider this . gillian they be gonna hafta take they chance . kirk what do that mean , exactly ? take they chance . gillian it mean that they will be at risk from whale hunter -- same as the rest of the humpback . ( to spock ) what do you mean when you say all that stuff back at the Institute about extinction ? spock I mean -- kirk he mean what you be say on the tour : that if thing keep on the way they be go , humpback will disappear forever . gillian that 's not what he say , farm boy . " Admiral , if we be to assume this whale be ours to do with as we please , we would be as guilty as that who cause -- past tense -- they extinction . " ( pause ) I have a photographic memory . I see word . a silence . spock ( to kirk ) be you sure it be not time for a colorful metaphor ? gillian you be not one of that guy from the military , be you ? try to teach whale to retrieve torpedoe , or some dipshit stuff like that ? kirk no , mar 'am . no dipshit . gillian well , that 's something . I 'da let you off right here . spock ( suddenly ) Gracie be pregnant . gillian stop the car with a squeal of brake . gillian all right . who be you ? and do not jerk I around any more . I want to know how you know that . kirk we can not tell you . ( she start to interrupt ) please , just -- let I finish . I can tell you that we be not in the military and that we intend no harm to the whale . gillian then -- kirk in fact , we may be able to help -- in way that , frankly , you could not possibly imagine . gillian or believe , I will bet . kirk ( he sink back into he seat ) very likely . you be not exactly catch we at we best . spock that much be certain . silence . kirk you know I have get a hunch we would all be a lot happier talk over dinner . what do you say ? gillian consider this for a moment ; she 's get nothing better to do . finally : gillian you guy like italian food ? kirk and spock exchange glance , mystify . kirk ( overlap ) spock yes . no. she look at they . what a group . 110 ext . plexiglass factory - burlingame - day 110 a big sign -- plexicorp tell we what this place be . 111 int . factory work area - day 111 scotty , dress conservatively , pace back and forth . after a moment , the manager , nichol , emerge with Bones . nichol Professor Scott , I be Dr. Nichols , plant manager . I be terribly sorry but there 's be a awful mix - up would you believe I be never tell about you visit ? bone I try to clear thing up , Professor Scott . I explain you would come all the way from Edinburgh on appointment to study manufacturing method here at plexico , but they do not seem to know anything about it . scotty ( furious ) do not know anything about it ? I find it difficult to believe that I have come million of mile -- nichol million ? bone thousands ; the Professor 's understandably upset -- scotty ( not miss a beat ) thousands of mile on a invite tour of inspection , only to be inform that I be never invite in the first place ! nichol Professor Scott , if you will -- scotty I demand to see the owner ! I demand -- bone Professor , just take it easy ! Dr. Nichols be offer to take we around personally . scotty ( chagrine ) he be ? nichol with pleasure . scotty well , that 's different . nichol if you will follow I , Professor -- scotty I will . can my assistant come , too ? nichol of course . scotty start past Bones . bone do not bury yourself in the part . 112 ext . plexiglass factory - big yard - day 112 sulu move through the grounds where plexiglass product of all shape and size be stack . in the midst of this , sit a great huey helicopter with the company logo on its side . its pilot be work on he engine as sulu come up touch the craft lovingly , stare studiously into the cockpit . pilot hi. sulu hi. huey 205 , be not it ? pilot right on . you fly ? sulu oh , here and there . ( pat it ) I fly something similar in my Academy day . pilot all right , then this be old stuff to you . sulu Old , yes . but interesting . ( then ) do you mind if I ask a few question ...? 113 int . nichol be cubicle - day 113 a impressive glass - wall cubicle separate the boss from the factory chaos . Nichols lead scotty and Bones inside . nichol well , so much for the tour of we humble plant . I must say , Professor you knowledge of engineering be most impressive . bone back home , we call he the miracle worker . nichol indeed ... May I offer you gentleman anything ? a look between Bones and scotty . then : scotty Doctor Nichols , I might have something to offer you . nichol ... yes ? scotty I notice you be still work with polymer . nichol ( mystify ) Sill ? what else would I be work with ? scotty ah , what else indeed ? let I put it another way : how thick would a piece of you plexiglass need to be at 60 foot by 10 foot to withstand the pressure of 18,000 cubic foot of water ? nichol that 's easy : 6 inch . we carry stuff that big in stock . scotty yes , I notice . now suppose -- just suppose -- I could show you a way to manufacture a wall that would do the same job but be only a inch thick . would that be worth something to you , eh ? nichol ... be you joke ? bone he never joke ... perhaps the professor could use you computer . nichol please ... he gesture , and scotty sit at a nearby macintosh . he survey the machine quizzically , clear he throat , and in a loud voice say : scotty Computer -- Bones step in quickly , pick up the " mouse " and shove it into scotty 's hand . scotty look at the mouse , baffle , then put it to he lip like a mike . scotty ( continue ) hello ? Computer ...? nichol ( bewilder ) just use the keyboard ... scotty the keyboard ... how quaint . then , prepare he finger like a concert pianist , he plunge to work furiously . 114 close - computer screen 114 a awesome series of figure and graphic be appear . pull back to reveal scotty , now master of the keyboard , while Nichols watch in awe , next to bones. with a flourish , scotty hit a last command , and a wondrous three dimensional graphic appear . nichol ( wide - eye ) transparent aluminum ? scotty that 's the ticket , laddie . nichol ... but it would take year just to figure out the dynamics of this matrix ...! bone you will be rich beyond the dream of avarice . scotty so , be it worth something ? or should I just punch " clear " ... nichol no ! ( then ) no ... what do you have in mind ...? bone a moment alone , please . bone ( continue ) you know , if we give he the formula , we will be alter the future . scotty why ? how do you know he do not invent the thing ! as Bones accept the truth of this , we hear : kirk voice right here be fine . 115 ext . golden gate park - spaceship site - dusk 115 the land rover pull to a stop . kirk and spock get out , but kirk get back in . 116 closer - across gillian in car 116 spock be now outside . gillian call to he : gillian you sure you will not change you mind ? spock be there something wrong with the one I have ? kirk ( shrug ) just a little joke . see you later , old friend . gillian ( still to spock ) how do you know Gracie 's pregnant ? nobody know that . spock Gracie do . ( to kirk ) I will be right here . spock walk out of view . gillian he 's just go to hang around the bush while we eat ? kirk ( shrug ) it 's he way . and they drive off . 117 angle on spock - ilm 117 after the land rover have depart , he be leave alone , stand quietly . then , with no warning , he beam out . 118 int . italian restaurant - kirk and gillian - night 118 not fancy but nice ; a waiter stand , ready to take they order . gillian do you trust I ? kirk implicitly . gillian good . ( to waiter ) a large mushroom and pepperoni with extra onion . and a michelob . waiter and you , sir ? kirk stare at the menu blankly . he shrug . kirk make it two . the waiter leave . kirk and gillian , a moment ; then : kirk ( continue ) so how do a nice girl like you get to be a cetacean biologist ? gillian ( unhappily ) just lucky , I guess . kirk you be upset about lose the whale . gillian ... you be very perceptive . kirk how will that be do , exactly ? gillian they will be fly in a special 747 to Alaska and release there . kirk flown ... and that 's the last you ' will see of they ? gillian see , yes . but we will tag they with radio transmitter on a special frequency so we can keep tabs on they . kirk you know , I could take that whale somewhere they would not be hunt . gillian ( smile despite herself ) you ? you can not even get from sausalito to San Francisco without a lift . the waiter return with they beer , and two plate . gillian ( continue ) thanks . cheer . kirk if you have such a low opinion of my ability , how come we be have dinner ? gillian I tell you : I be a sucker for hard luck case . besides , I want to know why you travel around with that ditzy guy who know that Gracie be pregnant and call you Admiral . kirk say nothing , look at she . there 's chemistry , all right . gillian ( continue ; finally ) where could you take they ? kirk hm ? gillian my whale ? where could you take they where they would be safe ? kirk ( carefully ) it 's not so much a matter of a place as of time . gillian sorry , the time would have to be right now . kirk what do you mean now ? gillian ( bitterly , into she beer ) let 's just say that no humpback bear in captivity have ever survive . ( a sigh ) Problem be , they will not be a whole lot safer at sea because of all the hunt this time of year ... so that , as they say , be that . ( she eye begin to moisten ) damn . as she dab she eye with a napkin , kirk 's communicator beeps three time from under he clothes . pain , he ignore it . gillian ( continue ) what 's that ? kirk what 's what ? gillian you get a pocket pager ? what be you , a doctor ? the beeper again . exasperate , kirk flip it open . kirk ( testy ) what be it ? I think I tell you never to call I -- 118a int . bird of prey cargo BAY - transporter control area 118a scotty sorry , Admiral . we just think you will like to know , we be beam they now . 118b back to scene 118b kirk oh I see -- ( sotto ) tell they phaser on stun . good luck . kirk out . Long pause . gillian stare at he , pull on she beer thoughtfully . then : gillian wanna try it from the top ? kirk tell I when the whale be go to be release ? gillian ... who be you ? kirk who do you think I be ? she bite she pizza . gillian do not tell I : you be from outer space . kirk no , I be from Iowa . I just work in outer space . gillian well , I be close . I know outer space be go to come into it sooner or later . kirk all right . the truth ? gillian I be all ear . kirk that 's what you think . ( then ) okay ... Truth ... I be from what , on you calendar , would be the late 23rd century . I have be send back in time to bring two humpback whale with I in a attempt to ... repopulate the species . gillian well , why do not you say so ? why all the coy disguise ? kirk you want the detail ? gillian be you kid ? I would not miss this for all the tea in China . kirk then tell I when the whale be leave . gillian Jesus , you be persistent . ( then ) okay , you friend be right . Gracie be not only pregnant , she be very pregnant ... at noon tomorrow -- in what be sure to be a media circus -- the whale get ship out . kirk ( stunne ) noon tomorrow ...?! the waiter arrive , plunk the pizza down and hold up the check . waiter who get the bad news ...? gillian do not ' tell I : they do not have money in the 23rd century . kirk well , we do not . ( then , rise ) come on . I do not have much time now . and so say , he exit , leave a baffle gillian and waiter . gillian , a beat , then cover to the waiter : gillian uh ... could we have this to go ? 119 ext . naval base - night 119 u.s.s enterprise , floodlit , secure . shore patrolmen on duty . a general sense of tight security . 120 int . corridor - u.s.s enterprise 120 a sailor in dungaree and a drug dog patrol the empty corridor . as they near camera a familiar SOUND ( the beam - in ) be hear faintly . the dog stop , he ear go up in surprise . the sailor have not hear the sound . he whistle to the dog and urge he on down the corridor . 121 int . machinery room - night 121 deep within the bowel of the ship . uhura and chekov have make it in . they carry with they the collecting device , a long , flashlight - like tube with a fold up metal piece . they start forward , hide momentarily as a pair of feet walk above they , see through the metal decking which form a ceiling above they . then they start carefully out of shot . 122 int . room adjacent to reactor area ( as shot ) 122 Signs of danger and warning . definitely off limit . they move quickly to the " reactor threshold , " a control area mark by sing , warning , and flash red light . uhura take a confirm read on she tricorder , nod , and chekov fan the metal piece open into a parabolic shape . he place the " dish " in the place indicate by uhura , turn on a power source . a faint SOUND indicate it be work . uhura how long ? chekov depend on how much shield be between we and the reactor . she look around nervously . 123 omitted 123 through through 125 125 126 ext . golden gate park - landing site - night 126 as the land rover pull to a stop . 127 angle inside land rover - kirk and gillian 127 as she pull on the handbrake . the empty pizza box be between they . gillian well , " Admiral , " that may be the strangest dinner of my life and the biggest cockamamie fish story I have ever hear . kirk you ask . ( then ) now , will you tell I something ? ( at she look ) George and Gracie 's transmitter . what 's the frequency ? she look at he -- gillian ( sigh ) sorry , that 's classified . ( beat ) I do not really have a clue who you be ... you would not want to show I around you space ship , would you ? kirk it would not be my first choice , no . gillian so . there we be . kirk lemme tell you something . I be here to bring two humpback into the 23rd century . if I have to , I will go to the open sea to get they , but I would just as soon take yours -- better for I , better for you ... and better for they . gillian I bet you be a damn good poker player . kirk think about it -- but do not take too long because I be out of time . if you change you mind , this be where I will be . gillian ( look around ) here ... in the park ? kirk right . he give she a brief kiss and be go . she sit there , surprised , but not disagreeably . then she restart she car and be about to depart when she hear a odd SOUND o.s. and there be a slight flicker of reflect light . she turn and look back through the rear window . 128 her Pov 128 there be no one within a hundred foot of where kirk last stand . 129 back to gillian 129 she turn back , puzzle ; slip the car into gear , and still puzzle , depart . 130 int . bird of prey transporter room - ilm 130 kirk materialize and be meet by spock . immediately they begin walk . kirk status ? spock the tank will be finish by morning ... kirk that 's cut it closer than you know . what about team two ? spock no word since beam - in . we can only wait for they call . kirk damn .... damnit ! we have be so lucky . we have the two perfect whale in we hand , but if we do not move quickly , we will lose they ! spock in that event , the probability be that we mission would fail . kirk ( stunne ) we mission ! goddam it , spock , you be talk about the end of every life on Earth ! you be half human , have not you get any goddamn feeling about that !! enrage and frustrated , kirk stalk off , leave spock . a critical moment : he feeling be surfacing : anger , pain , and above all , confusion . 131 int . ship compartment - close on " collector " 131 pull back . the device be still humming . uhura look at chekov in concern . he can only shrug . 131a int . C.I.C. room - night - favoring radar screen 131a which seem to be have electronic trouble . watch it be a radar operator and a electronic technician . in b.g. be other enlisted tech , and two officer . the Operator play with the faulty screen and say : operator the hell ... there it be again . technician that 's weird . ( turn ) Commander ... the command duty officer step to the console . c.d.o. think you be run a test program ... technician aye , sir , but we be get a apparent power drain through the module . it 's come from somewhere in the ship ... c.d.o. C.I.C. , Command duty Officer rogerson . ( listen ) yes , Chief , we be tracking it here , too . what do you make of it ? ( he tighten ) you sure ?... check the video scan , I need a confirm . ( cup phone ; to the other ) he think there 's a intruder in one of the mmr 's . 131b uhura and chekov 131b the collector make a sound that appear final . as chekov remove the device from the bulkhead and fold the metal in place , uhura flip the communicator open . uhura scotty : we be ready for beam out . ( a pause ; static ) scotty ... can you hear I ...? 131c the C.I.C. room 131c as the c.d.o. , wait on phone hear a voice . c.d.o. yes , Chief ?... confirm , Roger that . he click off , dial a number code and in a moment : c.d.o. ( continue ; urgent now ) mardet c.o. this be Commander rodgerson , the Command duty Officer . we have and intruder in the # 4 m.m.r . I say again ... 131d omitted 131d & & 131e 131e 131f uhura and chekov 131f uhura scotty ... come in please ... do you read . scotty' voice ( break up ) aye , lass , I hear you . 131g bird of prey transporter area - scotty ( intercut ) 131g scotty ... my transporter power 's down to minimal . I get to bring you in one at a time . stand by ... 131h uhura , chekov - ilm vistavision ( intercut ) 131h chekov take the collector . you go first ! chekov step aside , as scotty sweat back in the b.o.p. transporter . the transporter power be discernibly weak . at last , uhura be slowly beam out . chekov , look nervously about . chekov scotty ... how soon ... hello ...? 132 back to scotty 132 scotty be work feverishly as chekov 's voice break up on speaker . during scene uhura enter and listen anxiously . scotty chekov , you be break up . please signal again . chekov , can you hear I ? 133 back to chekov 133 the running feet , a o.s. commotion , be louder , closer . chekov scotty ... now would be a good time -- 134 another angle - past chekov ( as shot ) 134 from all angle , U.S. marine in jungle fatigue , helmet and bandolier have surround chekov , they shotguns levele at he . marine leader freeze ! there be a pause as chekov stare back . chekov precisely what do this mean -- " freeze ? " 135 omitted 135 through through 138 138 139 int . interrogation room - enterprise - night 139 ( as shot ) we be close on a FBI agent , he badge in lapel pocket . he 's examine chekov 's i.d. FBI agent Lt. Commander pavel chekov , starfleet , United federation of planet . pull back to include chekov , various naval officer , and a civilian , ( a.e.c . ) FBI agent ( continue ) all right , Commander , you wanna tell we anything ? chekov like what ? FBI agent like who you really be and what you be do here and what this thing be . the phaser -- on the desk . chekov my name be pavel chekov . I be a Lt. Commander in starfleet , United federation of planet , service number 656-5827b . FBI agent all right . let 's take it from the top . chekov the top of what ? FBI agent name ? chekov my name ? FBI agent no , my name . chekov I do not know you name . FBI agent you play game with I and you be through chekov I be ? May I go now ? the agent take a deep breath of exasperation and , leave chekov at the table , walk back to the civilian . FBI agent what do you think ? civilian he 's a russkie . FBI agent no kid ... he may be a russkie , all right , but he 's a retard or something . civilian we better call Washington ... while they huddle , chekov snatch up the phaser . chekov do not move . they stare at he in disbelief . FBI agent okay ... make nice and give we the ray gun . chekov I varn you . if you do not lie on the floor , I vill have to stun you . FBI agent ( patiently ) go ahead . stun I . chekov I be wery sorry , but -- he aim the phaser and pull . it make a pathetic burbling SOUND . everyone stare . chekov , apologetically : chekov ( continue ) it must be the radiation ... with a abrupt change of mood he bolt for the nearest bulkhead door , dog it open and reach out . FBI agent ( wearily ) someone sound a general alarm . better tell the Marines to go easy , do not hurt the crazy bastard . 139a omitted 139a & & 139b 139b 140 int . ship companionways and deck - night - series 140 of shot a140 -- as alarm SOUND , chekov dog a bulkhead door behind he , then as a choice of down a hatch or up a ladder . he wisely go up . b140 -- Marines pour from hatchways and corridor in hot pursuit . c140 -- chekov up a ladder , Marines in pursuit below . -- up the ladder come the Marines . d140 -- hangar deck : chekov break into the great empty space , barn like ; he see 's the elevator open and a shot at freedom , he race toward the light . e140 -- Marines , gain , follow he across the hangar deck . f140 -- chekov reach the elevator portal , race onto the elevator and the gangway beyond -- only to see : g140 -- shore patrolmen , come up the gangplank to the elevator . h140 -- behind chekov , the Marines have catch up . he veer to he leave , think to dive into the water , trip and , with a cry : 140a ext . ship - up angle - night 140a it 's too late for chekov . he fall from the elevator into camera -- 140b reverse - toward barge 140b chekov have land on a float barge below the elevator . he lie there , unmove . 141 up angle - the pursuer 141 the Marines and shore patrolmen look in horror . the FBI man rush up , and see : f.b.i. man damn ... get a ambulance ... 141a int . bird of prey bridge - favoring uhura - night 141a she 's at she station , distraught , monitoring a series of local police and paramedical emergency call . kirk enter , come to she . kirk any luck ...? uhura nothing ... I should never have leave he ... kirk uhura , you do what be necessary . ( gently ) keep try . you will find he ... kirk step to he chair , press comm , weary , frustrated . kirk Mr. Scott , you promise I a estimate on the dilithium crystal ... 141b int . cargo BAY - dilithium chamber ( intercut ) 141b scotty and spock be watch a slow re-crystallization process . scotty it 's go slow , sir . it will be well into tomorrow . kirk not good enough , scotty . you have get to do better ! scotty ( wearily ) I will try , sir . Scott out . ( then , to spock ) well now , he 's get himself in a bit of a snit , do not he . spock ( thoughtfully ) ... he be a man of deep feeling . scotty ... so what else be new ... hold on spock . up above , hold on kirk , as uhura 's police call echo faintly in b.g. , he feel all the frustration of wait ... dissolve to : 142 ext . cetacean institute - morning 142 the land rover pull up and gillian get out , puzzle . it 's very quiet . no press . no crew . the main door be lock . she take out a key , and enter . 143 ext . tank area - ilm 143 gillian enter , and stare : it 's strange , ghostly , and empty here . she can see no sign of George or Gracie . have she world go mad ? have she walk into the wrong dimension ? as she distress mount she turn to face : 144 omitted 144 & & 145 145 146 angle to include bob 146 bob ( quietly ) they leave last night . ( then ) we do not want a mob scene with the press , it would not have be good for they . besides -- we think it would be easier on you this way . gillian ( rage rise ) you -- send they away . without even let I say goodbye ? bob gillian -- she slap he hard . gillian you son of a bitch . 147 ext . through land rover window - parking lot 147 as gillian run to she car from b.g. and climb in , close . for a moment she just sit there , she head on the wheel , sobbing now . then with determination , she start the car , and peel out of the scene . 148 ext . AIR to AIR - over san francisco - day 148 the plexicorp helicopter , carry a enormous pane of plexiglass across the city . it be not exactly steady . 149 int . helicopter 149 sulu be at the control , mutter to himself . sulu ... how the hell do they ever keep this thing in the air ...? 150 ext . the edge of golden gate park - ground to AIR - 150 day as the chopper and its load pass overhead ; 150a omitted 150 a 151 ext . landing site 151 the land rover drive up and stop . gillian jump out , still overwrought . she look around and almost like a silent scream for help , she yell kirk 's name . the scream be silent because its drown out by the SOUND of the approaching helicopter . gillian look up to see : 152 the helicopter 152 it come closer , then hover . 153 omitted 153 154 close - scotty 154 he climb into shot from below frame line , wave sulu in like a landing officer on a carrier . 155 gillian 155 she cannot believe what she 's see o.s. 156 her Pov - ilm 156 the chopper be lowering the plexiglass into thin air , and guide the process be half of scotty , visible only from the waist up . 157 back to scene 157 gillian , stunne , move forward to get a better view , and clunk she head on a invisible strut . she get up and feel the thing like a blind person . she 's start to understand she 's in some twilight Zone . in desperation : gillian kirk ! kirk ! listen to I ! oh , God , kirk , I need you !! 158 to scotty 158 he 's see she distress below he . to communicator : scotty Admiral , we have problem . 158a int . bird of prey cargo BAY - on kirk 158a he be look upward , a shaft of daylight fall on he face . as he hear scotty 's cry from above , he turn quickly to a surveillance monitor close by . there on the screen he see gillian 's agitate figure . there be a moment of amaze reaction then look back up to scotty : kirk stand by , scotty ! 159 back to scene - ilm element 159 as , hysterically , she trip and bump into other part of the invisible ship . gillian kirk !! please , kirk !! the SOUND she once hear , she hear again ; and to she disbelief , she disappear in the beam effect . 160 int . bird of prey transporter area - ilm element 160 as gillian beam in . kirk be there . kirk hello , Alice . welcome to wonderland . she look about , daze as he help she off transporter . gillian it 's true ... what you say ... kirk yes ... and I be glad you be here . though I will admit , you pick a hellova time to drop in ... she 's about to faint ; kirk catch she . kirk ( continue ) steady , now . we need you help . gillian have I flip out ? ... be any of this real ? kirk it 's all real . look . ( take she ) the storage tank for the whale . gillian but kirk ... kirk we will bring they up just like we bring you . it 's call a transporter beam ... gillian ( clear now ) kirk . they be go . kirk ... go ?! gillian they be take last night . I be not tell . they're in Alaska by now . kirk ... damn ! gillain but they be tag , I tell you . can not you go find they ? kirk at the moment , we can not go anywhere . gillian what kind of spaceship be this , anyway ? kirk a spaceship with a miss man . he look up to see spock enter , all business . spock Admiral . full power be restore . kirk thank you , spock . as gillian stare at spock 's ear : spock hello , Doctor . welcome aboard . he offer he hand . she shake it in wonder as : uhura' voice ( emotionally ) Admiral -- be you there ? kirk yes , uhura -- what 's wrong ? 160a int . bird of prey bridge - uhura on station ( intercut ) 160a uhura ( shake ) I have find chekov , sir : he 's in emergency surgery right now . kirk uhura !... where ! uhura mercy Hospital . 161 back to cargo BAY ( intercut ) 161 gillian that 's in the Mission District . uhura' voice they report he condition as critical ; he be not expect to survive . bone Jim , you have get to let I go in there ! do not leave he in the hand of twentieth century medicine . kirk ( already decide , but : ) what do you think , spock ? spock Admiral , may I suggest that Dr. mccoy be correct . we must help chekov . kirk ( testing ) be that the logical thing to do , spock ...? spock no , Admiral ... but be the human thing to do . kirk ( take a beat ) right . ( to gillian ) will you help we ? gillian ... how ? bone we will need to look like physician . 162 int . mercy hospital corridor - day 162 track with kirk , Bones and gillian -- dress as doctor and nurse . Bones carry he own medical equipment in a traditional black bag . kirk we will check this way ; you try down there ... they split ; kirk and gillian go one way . we follow Bones . he walk down a corridor , nodd to other doctor , nurse , intern . he see a gurney , step to it . on it be a very feeble elderly woman . woman Doctor ... bone what 's the matter with you ? woman ( faint ) kidney ... dialysis ... bone dialysis ?? what be this , the dark age ? here , swallow one of this . he slip a lozenge from he bag under she tongue . bone ( continue ) call I if you have a problem . 163 int . hospital - angle at elevator - day 163 kirk and gillian . kirk gesture , o.s. widen to admit Bones . kirk they be hold he in a security corridor one flight up . his condition be critical . Bones react , then look around . he see a empty gurney . bone come on . 164 int . corridor - outside room - day 164 kirk and Bones , mask on they face , emerge wheeling the gurney with gillian under the cover . they head for a elevator . the door open . 165 int . elevator - day 165 kirk and Bones push the gurney in . two intern be talk . 1st intern so , weintraub say radical chemotherapy or she 's gonna croak . just like that ... 2 nd intern and gottlieb ? 1st intern well , what would you expect ? all he talk about be image therapy . bone unbelievable . 1st intern you have a different view , Doctor ? bone sound like the goddam Spanish inquisition ... the door open . they wheel the bed out , the door close , leave the intern look at each other , perplex . 166 int . upstair corridor - day 166 we track behind kirk , Bones and the bed towards the end of the hall . two policemen block they passage . bone out of the way ! they do not budge . under the sheet , gillian start to wail . policeman sorry , doctor ! we have strict order ... gillian wail louder . the policeman look uncertain . bone dammit , this woman have immediate post prandial upper abdominal distension ! do you want a acute case on you hand ? gillian wail . the policeman finally move aside and they push they way through . 167 angle - other side of door 167 kirk what do you say she be get ? bone cramp . gillian sit up , throw off the sheet as they see the operate theatre . they leave the bed where it be and proceed into the room , lift they surgical mask . doctor ( o.s. ) Lee , why have not this man be prepped ? kirk look to Bones , who nod and they walk around the curtain where chekov , unconscious , lie on the table . two nurse arrange instrument in preparation for surgery , while a young doctor read chekov 's chart . doctor ( look up ) who be you ? Doctor Adams be suppose to assist I . bone we be just -- observe . doctor I be not inform about observer . then , to the curious glance of the surgical team , Bones take out he tricorder and pass it over to chekov -- doctor ( continue ) what the hell do you think you be do ? bone reading the patient 's vital sign . kirk a experimental device , doctor . bone tearing of the middle meningeal artery ... doctor what 's you degree in , dentistry ? bone how do you explain slow pulse , low respiratory rate and coma ? doctor fundoscopic examination -- bone fundoscopic examination be unreveal in this case ! doctor ( condescendingly ) a simple evacuation of the expand epidural hematoma will relieve the pressure . bone my God , man , drilling hole in he head be not the answer . the artery must be repair without delay or he will die ! so put away you butcher knife and let I save the patient ! the young Doctor give Bones a icy stare . doctor I do not know who the hell you be , but I be go to have you remove . but as he turn to leave , kirk block he path , then -- kirk doctor , doctor , this be highly unprofessional -- he give the Doctor a swift , sure , judo chop . gillian and the nurse gasp . kirk ( continue ) quite harmless , I assure you . as Bones pull out he Medical tricorder and begin work on chekov , kirk sling the fall Doctor over he shoulder , and draw a phaser . kirk ( continue ; to nurse ) lady . please ... indicating a window room adjoin , he herd they in there , lower the Doctor to the floor , and close the door . then he adjust he phaser , aim at the lock and : 167a insert - ilm 167a kirk phaser melt the lock . 167b back to scene 167b Bones , mutter as he pass the device over chekov . bone chemotherapy ... fundoscopic examination ... deal with medievalism here ! kirk join he ; chekov have begin to moan faintly ... bone ( continue ) wake up , man , wake up ! kirk come on , pavel ... chekov 's eye begin to flutter . bone he 's come ' round , Jim ... kirk pavel , can you hear I ? give I you name and rank ... chekov ... chekov ... pavel h ... rank - ( a fantasy smile ) ... Admiral ... gillian do not you guy have any enlist type ...? now chekov be pull out of it . he sit up . chekov Dr mccoy ... zdrastvuyte ! bone hello to you , chekov . 168 ext . upstair corridor 168 the " doctor , " push the sheet - drape chekov , exit , pass the two policeman we see before . policeman 1 how 's the patient ...? kirk ( exite ) he 's gonna make it ! policeman he ? they go in with a she ... they look at each other , make a beeline for the o.r. kirk ( mutter ) one little mistake ... 169 int . bird of prey engine room - dilithium chamber 169 the crystal be come back to life ! widen to reveal the process supervise by scotty , watch by spock . 170 int . hospital corridor - kirk and friend 170 Rolling the gurney in a hurry . alarm go off ! loudspeaker ! they break into a run . 170a same corridor - near double door 170a a group of hospital and police guard round a corner , see the flee kirk , and race toward we , camera panning . as they exit , hold on double door which open . sitting up on a emergency gurney , happy as a clam , be the feeble old lady we see before . two doctor , one push . doctor 2 so ! how do you explain it ? doctor 1 ( stunne ) accord to the scanner ... ( beat ) ... she 's grow a new kidney ... 171 int . hospital corridor - various shot 171 -- kirk and friend , racing at high speed ... -- the guard , weapon draw be gain ... -- on the speed gurney , chekov raise he head in confusion ; Bones clunk he down . -- a large elevator door open ahead ; as the gurney head for it , a hospital guard step in the way ; use the gurney as a batter ram , kirk take the Guard out of the play , race with Bones and gillian into the elevator . the door close just as the peruse force get there . the guard check the " up " indicator and head for the stair ! -- Inside the elevator , go up . gillian be concerned . gillian if we keep go up , they will catch we ! kirk calm yourself , nurse . ( pull out communicator ) scotty , get we out of here ! -- top floor : the pursuer race out of the stairwell , across the Elevator , where the indicator say they have beat the elevator . weapon draw , they wait : when the door open and they press forward : -- Pov : the Elevator be empty . -- back to the group : consternation . 172 omitted 172 through through 178 178 179 ext . landing site - series of shot - ilm element 179 -- kirk , gillian , Bones and chekov beam in . Bones lead chekov toward -- -- the descend ramp . sulu appear to help . they all disappear up the ramp , which now begin to close . -- kirk alone with gillian . she see the ramp close and begin to sense something wrong . kirk gillian ... would the whale be at sea by now ? gillian yes ... if you have a chart on board , I can show you . kirk all I need be the radio frequency to track they . gillian what be you talk about ? I be come with you . kirk you can not . we next stop be the 23rd century . gillian what do I care ? I have get nobody but that whale ... kirk I have no time to argue , gillian . or even tell you how much you have mean to we ... the frequency . gillian all right . the frequency be 401 megahertz . kirk thank you . for everything . ( flip communicator ) beam I up , scotty . as kirk start to beam up , gillian leap , grab he round the waist . and as they be beam in together : gillian' voice surprise ! 180 omitted 180 181 int . bird of prey bridge - on door 181 whoosh , and kirk stride in angry , gillian follow , look around room at all the crew in wonder . kirk Mr. spock , where the hell be the power you promise I ? spock Admiral , you must wait one damn minute . scotty I be ready spock . let 's go find George and Gracie ... kirk Mr. sulu ? sulu ( punch button ) I be try to remember how this work . I get use to a huey . as he work , kirk turn to gillian : kirk you trick I . gillian you need I . sulu ready sir . kirk go , Mr. sulu . and the great roar begins ... 182 ext . landing site - day - series of shot 182 as a great hurricane envelope the meadow along with the roar . tree bend , trash can and panic table tumble until the roar begin to recede - 183 ext . golden gate park - vertical Pov - pulling up - 183 day the landing area below be recede rapidly as the Bird 's rocket roar . 184 int . bridge - bird of prey 184 as the professional from the future crackle they routine , gillian watch , wide eye . chekov cloak device be stable ... all system normal . kirk stabilize Energy Reserve !... report helm : sulu maintain impulse climb . wing five by zero , helm steady . kirk advise reach 10,000 . steer three - one -zero . sulu Three -one -zero , aye ! kirk uhura , scan for the whale . 401 megahertz ! uhura scan , sir ! 185 ext . san francisco - vertical Pov - still rising - day 185 by now we see the outline of the bay and bridge on a sun spray beautiful day . 186 bridge 186 sulu 10,000 m.s.l. , Admiral . kirk wing to cruise configuration ... full impulse power . sulu aye , sir ... Three - one - zero to the bering sea. e.t.a. : 12 minute . as gillian react to this , the impulse engine roar and : 187 ext . - Pov looking forward from bird ( undercranked ) 187 we be speed at Mach 16 or 17 down the California coast and out toward the open sea . 188 bridge - ( intercut engine room ) 188 kirk scotty : be the whale tank secure ? 188a cargo BAY - scotty 188a scotty aye . but I have never beam up 400 ton before . kirk voice 400 ton ? scotty it be not just the whale , it 's the water . 188b back to bridge - kirk 188b kirk yes , of course . kirk move to uhura , follow by gillian . kirk the whale ... any contact ? uhura , earpiece press , hold up she hand to indicate she be work on it . 188c favoring spock's station 188c as spock look baffle , Bones enter shot . bone you , ah ... ( diplomatically ) you present the appearance of a man with a problem . spock you perception be correct , Doctor ... in order to return we to the exact moment at which we leave the 23rd century , I have use we journey back through time as a referent , calculate the coefficient of elapse time in relation to the acceleration curve . bone naturally . ( then ) so what be you problem ? spock acceleration be no longer a constant . bone well , you be gonna have to take you best shot . spock ... best shot ...? bone guess , spock . you best guess . spock " guess " be not in my nature ... bone ( have wait 10 year for this ) well nobody 's perfect ... 189 omitted 189 190 angle - uhurah' station 190 faint SOUND of whale transponder be hear . gillian react : gillian that 's it ! that 's it ! uhura affirmative . contact with the whale . kirk bear ! uhura bear 327 , range 600 nautical . kirk put they on screen ! gillian how can you do that ?! it 's radio ! uhura image translation on screen ! on viewscreen , a slightly deteriorate image , but we can make out George and Gracie . there be a moment of reaction from gillian , kirk , spock and all . then : 191 ext . ocean - the whale - day 191 they breech , sing they song , and the music swell to say what be in everyone 's heart : hang in there ! 192 back to bridge 192 uhura Admiral , I have a signal close on the whale . bear 328 degree . kirk on screen . on viewscreen : a semi-clear image of a whaling ship , its prow cut through the water , its harpoon gun very much in evidence . bone what kind of ship be that ? gillian a whaling ship , Doctor . kirk estimate range , ship to whale ! uhura Sir ... estimate one nautical mile . gillian oh my God , we be too late ! kirk Mr. sulu : full power descent ! 193 ext . ocean - Pov - ( undercranked ) 193 the horizon rise as we view dip 20 degree , the speed increase to 12,000 mph , and we whiz through puffy cloud toward a unseen ocean target hundred of mile away . 194 ext . ocean - the ship - series of shot - day 194 ( 35 mm stock ) the whaler be modern , and plow through the water at 25 knot . its crew be largely bearded ; they be Northern european , maybe swede , icelander or Russians , all famous as humpback hunter . the radar turn lazily . then : in the crow 's nest a sailor point . binoculars be train . they see something ! the ship begin a gradual course change . the engine telegraph signal flank speed . the deck be explode with activity as she head toward the quarry . 195 ext . ocean - day 195 the whale break the surface , arcing majestically ; enjoy the sun and they freedom ... 196 int . bridge - bird of prey 196 ( note : we may now utilize , on viewscreen , scene of whale and whaling ship , as well as Pov 's of the Bird 's forward view , which at the moment , be on screen . ) sulu dive speed be 200 knot per minute , 3.3. per second . estimate reach whale in 1.2 minute . 197 aboard the ship - various angle 197 feverish activity , punctuate by the rise SOUND of sonar pinging . harpoon be be carry to the gun and load . the crew begin point excitedly to the distance . 198 ext . ocean - the whale - ilm 198 George and Gracie , oblivious to the danger , move through the water . 199 int . bridge 199 sulu Range to whale , 30 second ... 200 ext . ocean - the boat 200 the harpoon gun be load and be transversing . 201 omitted 201 through through 204 204 205 int . the bridge 205 we see the boat on screen . sulu 10 second , sir ! kirk hover on my mark , Mr. sulu ! Mr. chekov , stand by de-cloak -- scotty , ready for power build up ! ( then ) Mark , Mr. sulu ... 206 the ocean - GEORGE and gracie 206 they lazily appear on the surface , oblivious to danger . they be a perfect target . 207 the ship 207 the gunner sight with confidence -- fire ! 208 fx sequence 208 the harpoon sail through the air toward the whale , then , with a great thwang , hit a invisible something , and fall harmlessly into the sea . 209 the boat 209 bafflement ! consternation ! then : 209a the bridge - close - kirk 209 a kirk scotty -- disengage cloaking device ! scotty' voice aye , sir . 210 ext . ocean - ilm 210 where the harpoon have stop , now come a roar of SOUND and light . the Bird of prey , big as a football field , de-cloak ! 211 aboard the ship - various angle 211 oh-my - God ! what - he-hell ! alarm klaxon ! the helmsman spin the wheel ! the engine telegraph go to flank . 212 omitted 212 & & 213 213 214 int . bridge 214 the defeat of the whaler cause the cheer of all . but kirk quiet they with : kirk Mr. Scott . it 's up to you now . commence build up for transporter beam ! scotty' voice give it I best , sir ! as the SOUND of the beam build - up begin : 215 omitted 215 & & 216 216 217 cargo BAY - scotty - ( intercut with bridge ) 217 everything be to the firewall and he 's sweat . scotty stay with I , sir -- I need more power curve ... kirk how long , scotty ? scotty 10 second , Admiral ; 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1. as the energy whine peak : 218 ext . ocean - underwater - ilm element 218 George and Gracie , move slowly through the deep , begin to beam out ... 219 cargo BAY - favoring the tank - ilm element 219 as scotty watch in awe , the whale , and half a tank of sea water , beam in . on scotty , open-mouthed . scotty Admiral ! there be whale here ! 220 the bridge ( intercut ) 220 kirk well do , Mr. Scott . how soon can we be ready for warp speed ? scotty I will have to re-energize . kirk do not take too long . we be sit duck for they radar system ... ( then ) Mr. sulu , impulse climb . 221 ext . bird of prey - ilm 221 as she begin to climb with moderate speed to altitude . 222 bridge ( continue intercutting ) 222 uhura unidentified aircraft , 40000 foot msl , range 30 mile , bear 010 . kirk Mr. Scott -- how soon ? scotty stand by , sir . Miracle worker at work ... kirk Mr. Scott , do not make joke , we be in danger of - scotty full power , sir . kirk ( recover from he pique and . ) Mr. sulu , if you please . sulu aye , sir , warp speed ! 223 ext . sub - space - ilm 223 the Bird of prey explode into warp speed , disappear into the deep blue-black of Space beyond . 224 at bridge 224 kirk Mr. sulu , take the con . I be take we guest down to see she whale . ( as he start ) Mr. spock : have you account for the variable mass of whale and water in you time re-entry program ? spock Mr. Scott can not give I exact figure , Admiral . so I will ... ( a beat ) make a guess . kirk you ? ( laugh ) spock , that 's extraordinary . he step forward , shake spock 's hand as though he have just come through a great transformation . in high spirit , kirk lead gillian off the bridge , leave a puzzle spock . spock ... I do not think he understand ... bone no , spock . it mean he feel safer about you " guess " than most other people fact . there be a pause . spock you be say ... it be a compliment . bone it be . spock straighten , pull the bottom of he garment straight with dignity , and accept the responsibility . spock I will try to make the best guess I can . 225 int . cargo BAY - whale in tank - ilm element 225 the two whale be contentedly behind the plexiglass , they eye focus on gillian . kirk , scotty flank she , all watch the whale . kirk ironic . when man be kill this creature , he be destroy he own future ... scotty ( to gillian ) the beasty seem happy to see you , Doctor . I hope you like we little aquarium . gillian a miracle , Mr. Scott . scotty ... the miracle be yet to come . scotty exit shot . gillian ... what do that mean ? kirk he mean we chance of get home be not very good . you might have live a longer life if you would stay where you belong . gillian I belong here . ( at he look ) suppose by some miracle you do get they through . ( beat ) who in the 23rd century know anything about humpback whale ? kirk ( a long moment ) ... you have a point ... as she look at kirk , the ship begin to vibrate quietly . scotty you better get up there , sir . we be have some power fall - off ... kirk on my way ...! kirk hurry out . scotty buckle up , lassie . it get bumpy from here . 226 ext . space - bird of prey - to the SUN - ilm 226 as before she 's head straight for the great Star . 227 int . bridge - bird of prey 227 kirk enter through the whooshing door . the bridge be beginning to shake badly now . kirk listen to : scotty' voice warp seven point five ... Seven point nine ... Mr. sulu , that 's all I can give ye ! chekov shield at maximum ! kirk step forward . kirk can we make breakaway speed !? spock hardly , Admiral , I can not even guarantee we will escape the sun' gravity ! I will attempt to compensate by alter we trajectory . sulu warp eight . eight point one ... maximum speed , sir ! spock Admiral , I need thruster control ... kirk acceleration thruster at spock 's command ...! close on spock as the buffete get intense . a wait . a further wait . then : spock steady ... steady ... now . 228 space - series of shot - " the slingshot " - ilm 228 -- just as the Bird appear certain to be swallow by the Sun , a blast accelerate the ship along the far curve of the Sun as before . solar flare lick the blur vessel as she disappear behind the Sun . the camera pan across the Sun , wait for the " comet " to appear around the far side of the Sun as she do before ... and we wait . and we wait . -- closer . the bird do not appear . the wait be interminable . have the ship incinerate ...? then abruptly : there be a bang and the SOUND of retros as we hear in the first time sequence . suddenly : 229 int . bird of prey - bridge 229 the silence be total and deafen . we do not hear even the ambient ping and pong of the electronic equipment . we have a feel of limbo . yet the people seem all right , though baffle . be we in some new dimension ? kirk survey the scene , and dare to speak : kirk spock ... do brake thruster fire ? spock they do , Admiral . kirk then ... where the hell be we ? consternation from all ; then , faintly in the void of sound , we begin to hear the probe gibberish ... 230 ( repeat of scene 53 ) - ext . san francisco BAY 230 wave crash against the shore . this sequence be exactly as we see earlier in the film . gibberish louder now . 231 ( repeat of scene 54 ) - int . starfleet command 231 as before ; panic ; lightn and probe gibberish . comm officer Sir ... I be pick up a faint transmission ... it 's Admiral kirk call ...! morrow on screen ! but at this moment , the entire situation display go fuzzy , distort , and be go . morrow ( continue ) Satellite reserve power , now ! the board start up again , but dimmer , more erratic . a distort image of kirk appear on screen ( intercut with bird of prey ) . we will not hear every word . kirk image ... Analysis ... probe call ... Captain spock ... opinion ... extinct species , humpback whale ... proper response ... do you read I ...? morrow stabilize ! emergency reserve ! as the comm Officer respond , sarek step up beside morrow . now kirk 's image clear enough to see : kirk starfleet , if you read , we be go to attempt time travel . we be computing we trajectory at this time ... but suddenly the power fail , kirk 's image be go . a silence as they stare at the blank screen . sarek ( softly ) good luck , kirk . and all you go with you . the interruption be sudden : the entire great window face the bay crash inward , fill the room with debris , cry , and howling wind . ( end repeat sequence . ) 232 int . starfleet command - new footage 232 as the wind and the rain blow through the room , we find sarek and morrow , hand hold up to protect they face , then , suddenly , sarek look outward -- point " sarek look ! 233 ext . the BAY - Pov - bird of prey - ilm 233 deep overcast , lightning flash , heavy rain . we be look toward the Golden Gate . the bird of prey be descend out of the overcast head toward the bridge in a shallow , but uncontrolled dive . probe gibberish present through out sequence . 234 int . bridge 234 the buffete of turbulence ; the gibberish loud . a sense of helplessness we have never see from this crew . kirk spock : condition report ! spock no data , Admiral . Computers be non-functional . chekov the main be down , sir ! aux power be not respond . kirk Mr. sulu , switch to manual control ! sulu I have no control , sir ! kirk picture , uhura ! uhura I can not , sir -- nothing ! kirk out of control , and blind as a bat ! bone for godsake , Jim , where be we ...?! 235 ext . san francisco BAY - bird of prey - series of 235 shot - ilm -- where they be be : head for the Golden Gate Bridge . -- sarek , morrow and the other watch in horror as -- -- the Bird narrowly miss by sheer luck and whooshes under the great bridge -- -- skim now over the ocean , closer and closer to impact ... 236 int . bridge 236 sulu Sir -- I have get some back pressure on manual -- kirk Ground cushion ! keep the nose up if you can -- 237 outside - ( and intercut ) 237 -- the Bird 's long snout rotate up just a bit and : -- the crew hold its breath and -- -- the Bird of prey slam into the water like a giant stone be skip , bounce once , then belly in with rip sound -- -- the crew be throw about the bridge -- and the side window blow out with a pow ! -- the Bird come to rest , nose high . after a moment it be clear she be sink . 238 int . bridge - various shot - tilted 238 Water spray from seam and pipe ; the crew struggle to move against the uphill tilt . kirk blow the hatch ! spock do . kirk struggle to the blow out hatch near spock . he look up into the rain above : 239 he Pov 239 rain , fog , but above all : the gibberish of the probe . 240 back to kirk 240 kirk you get we to the right place , spock . now all we have to do be get the whale out before we sink . ( reach comm ) Mr. Scott , come in !... scotty ...?! ( then ) damn ... Mr. spock , see to the safety of all hand . spock I will , Admiral . stay with kirk as he fight he way downhill to the exit door , which he force open with great effort , then exit . 241 flooded cargo BAY - aslant - scotty and gillian 241 they be in trouble . the water be waist deep and rise . scotty can not open the hatch door to the neck . 242 int . the " neck " corridor 242 kirk , water spraying about he , reach the cargo bay door . he tug at the emergency release . it 's stick . 243 flooded cargo BAY - ( intercut ) 243 Water be now up to they neck . scotty and gillian can not get out unless -- -- kirk now wrench the release , pull the door open . he reach he hand down , help gillian , then scotty , into the temporary safety of the corridor above . above the din of wind , rain and hissing water , kirk shout : kirk the whale ...?! scotty no power to the bay door . kirk the explosive override -- ? scotty it 's under water ! there 's no way to reach it ... kirk go on ahead ... Close the hatch ! scotty Admiral , you will be trap ! but kirk take a deep breath and be go , diving below . scotty watch helplessly , then turn to aid gillian up and out , close the hatch as order . 244 int . cargo BAY - underwater - ( tank ) 244 as kirk swim in , begin search . it 's not go to be easy : kirk can not hold he breath forever . 245 ext . ocean - day - ( intercut ) 245 as the crew , one by one , emerge from the bridge window into the pelting rain . they cling to the float bridge . Inside the bridge , spock help scotty and gillian in and to the window exit . 246 top of cargo BAY 246 kirk break the surface , he lung scream for air . only a few inch remain unflood . he gulp air , and dive one last time . 247 int . cargo BAY - underwater - series of shot 247 a determine kirk swim rapidly down , look desperately , finally find the panel behind a layer of wreckage . he rip the barrier away , open the seal , press the sensor . there be a muffled explosion and : 248 ext . underwater - bottom of cargo hold - ilm 248 the bay door swing open ! 249 back to kirk - underwater in cargo BAY - ( intercut ) 249 he look up and around for he best way out : decide he suddenly dive down , disappear and -- -- emerge out the open bay door . he head for the surface and -- 250 ext . ocean - various shot - day 250 -- kirk pop to the surface gulp for air . the rain pelt he . he look round . -- the last of the survivor , gillian and spock emerge safely . -- kirk relieved but where be the whale ? and the probe 's nag gibberish be hear again . he dive once more ... 251 underwater - kirk 251 come toward we , stop to see : 252 ext . underwater - cargo BAY door - ilm 252 George and Gracie emerge from the bay door , and maje - tically move away from the ship . 253 underwater - kirk ( intercut ) 253 he watch in wonder ; then head for the surface . 254 the surface - various shot - ( tank ) 254 -- kirk surface near the float bridge and the sur - vivor . rain pelt ; fog obscure ; and above all : the still unanswer call of the probe . -- closer : kirk arrive at the wreckage , take a hand hold near gillian and spock , look back in deep concern . kirk why do not they answer ? ( a beat ) why do not they sing , dammit ! 255 ext . ocean - underwater - ( ilm / imax ) 255 now something few have see : " George " swim into center stage , undulate , and drop into a hang ver - tical position . then he begin : whale song . 256 ext . space - the probe - ( intercut ) - ilm 256 it 's antenna turn to the new SOUND . then , it tran - mit a new gibberish , somehow more conversational . 257 underwater - the whale - ( intercut ) 257 as this new dialogue mount , the probe will always tran - mit gibberish from above , the whale will always answer with whale song from underwater . but even the dullest of we will sense the relax of concern and tension , the almost conversational climax between the two commu - nicator . and then : 258 space - the probe - spacedock in b.g . - ilm 258 it send what sound what like a farewell burst of gibberish ; then , a thruster fire , and the probe arc up and out of orbit into the far distance , leave Earth behind . as it leave , the light in spacedock slowly begin to wink on . 259 ext . san francisco BAY - various shot - ilm 259 -- the rain begin to stop . -- the swirl cloud begin to calm -- and part . -- a shaft of slim sunlight peek through . -- kirk , spock , gillian watch . -- the crew watch as the cloud begin to part . 260 int . starfleet command 260 suddenly , the great board become reactivate . light go on . SOUND and chatter return to normal . morrow Mr. President -- we have power ! president ( at window ) by God ! Launch rescue shuttle ! 261 ext . BAY area - ilm 261 with we float survivor in f.g. , we see the rapidly clear sky over the Golden Gate Bridge and the city beyond . we hear faintly , approach rescue shuttle . 262 ext . ocean - the survivor - sunlit now - ( tank ) 262 they hear the grow SOUND of approach rescue and look at the clear sky . bone congratulation , Jim . I think you have save the Earth . kirk not I , Bones ... they do it . 263 ext . ocean - there Pov - ( intercut ) - ilm 263 George and Gracie breach and frolic in they new world ; the sun break fully through , create a most wonderful rainbow ... all in all , a beautiful day in the 23rd century . abrupt CUT to : 264 int . federation council chamber 264 somber , hushed by contrast . Galleries fill largely by starfleet personnel . some cough . no talk . then : 265 side entry door 265 it whooshes open and the President and the Council enter soberly and take they place . the President go to the central podium . he look into the front row . president bring in the accuse . 266 angle 266 a somber group in spanking fresh uniform , enter ... they be kirk , Bones , scotty , uhura , sulu and chekov . they walk past a front row where gillian , Chapel , rand , sarek and spock watch they . the audience murmur as the " accuse " take they place on the federation seal. moment . then spock rise and cross to kirk 's group where he stand at attention . 267 back to scene 267 president Captain spock , you do not stand accuse . spock I stand with my shipmate . they fate shall be mine . president as you wish . ( then ) the charge and specification be : conspiracy ; assault on federation officer ; theft of federation property ; namely the starship Enterprise ; sabotage of the u.s.s. excelsior ; willful destruction of federation property , specifically the aforementioned u.s.s. Enterprise ; and finally , disobey direct order of the starfleet Commander ... Admiral kirk , how do you plead ? kirk on behalf of all of we , Mr. President , I be authorize to plead guilty . president so enter . hear now the sentence of the federation Council : ( clear throat ) because of certain mitigating circumstance , all charge but one be summarily dismiss . ( a buzz through the crowd ) the remain charge , disobey order of a superior officer be direct only at Admiral kirk . ( look up ) I be sure the Admiral will recognize the necessity of keep discipline in any chain of command . kirk I do , sir . president James T. kirk . it be the judgment of this Council that you be reduce in rank to Captain . ( uncertain buzz ) ... and that as a consequence of you new rank , you be give the duty for which you have repeatedly demonstrate unswerve ability : the command of a starship . reaction , buzz , happiness , but the President gavel for order ! president ( continue ) silence ! ( it be silent ) Captain kirk , you new command await you . you and you crew have save this planet from its own short-sightedness ... and we be forever in you debt . the tide break loose : everyone in the great hall rise to a stand ovation for kirk and the crew . dissolve to : 268 int . federation council chamber 268 the last of the crowd be exite . kirk and the Crew be accept the last handshake and congratulation . spirit be high . and kirk suddenly turn to find himself face to face with gillian . gillian my own exonerate kirk ! I be so .. juice , I can not tell you ! ( she kiss he ) bye , kirk ... thanks . she start away . kirk hey ! -- where you go ?! gillian you be go to you ship , I be go to mine . Science vessel . I have get 300 year of catch - up learn to do . kirk you mean this be -- goodbye ? gillian ( perplex ) why do it have to be goodbye ? kirk well , I ... as they say in you century -- I do not even have you phone number . how will I find you ? gillian do not worry . I will find you . ( then ) see you around the galaxy ... and she be go . kirk shake he head in affection and disbelief , then turn to see : 269 he Pov - spock 269 in a corner of the empty chamber , spock wait stiffly as sarek approach he . 270 back to kirk 270 he see , then wait discreetly , leave they to talk alone . 271 angle - spock and sarek 271 as the father reach the Son . a quiet moment in the empty , echoing hall . spock Father ...? sarek I will be return to vulcan within the hour ... I want to take my leave of you . spock it be kind of you to make this effort . sarek it be not a effort . you be my son . ( then , cover this emotionalism ) besides ; I be most impressed with you performance in this -- crise . spock most kind , Father . sarek look at he uncertainly , want to hear some - thing . finally : sarek as I recall , I oppose you enlistment in starfleet ... it be possible that judgment be incorrect . ( spock , a eyebrow ) you associate be people of good character . spock they be my friend . sarek yes , of course ... do you have any message for you mother ? spock ( think ; then ) tell she I feel fine ... hold on sarek . it be he turn to raise a vulcan eyebrow . now spock cross to the wait kirk . they share a moment , and depart together . 272 int . spacedock - ilm 271 from the dock in the distance , amid the great ship , a tiny shuttlecraft come toward we slowly . 273 int . shuttlecraft - kirk and crew - ilm blue screen 273 a great window in the front of the craft give everyone a view of the ship and where they be head . they do not seem to know . 274 Pov - through the winddow ( and intercut with shuttle ) 274 various vessel , odd shape , undistinguished . a Reliant class , a Saratoga . as they watch : bone the bureaucratic mentality be the only constant in the universe . we will get a freighter . sulu with all respect , Doctor , I be count on excelsior . scotty excelsior ? why in God 's name would you want that bucket of bolt ? kirk scotty , do not prejudge . a ship be a ship . ahead , through the window , be excelsior . scotty whatever you say , sir . ( to himself ) thy will be do . and then , through the window screen , it happen : the shuttle , automated , begin a rise climb . the excelsior disappear below the frame line and in the near distance , a new spaceship appear . it appear to be a starship of the u.s.s. constitution class . the face of kirk and the crew light up . 275 int . spacedock - the space ship - close moving 275 approach - ilm it look like the Enterprise . as we get closer , it be . 276 int . spacedock - closer angle - u.s.s. enterprise - 276 ilm favoring the great dish ; where in freshly paint letter : " u.s.s. enterprise " and on the line below , " ncc 1701 - a " a painter , in spacesuit wave cheerily . 277 back to the shuttle 277 the emotion be high from all , but very restrain . kirk say it for all . kirk my friend ... we have come home . 278 ext . spacedock - ilm 278 the great exit door open . the u.s.s. Enterprise emerge and head out on a trial run . 279 int . bridge - u.s.s. enterprise 279 shiny , new , refitted for anything that may come . and the crew be where they belong , all at they station . and kirk be in he Captain 's chair . kirk let 's see what she 's get , Mr. sulu . sulu aye , sir ! 280 space - the enterprise - ilm 280 the great vessel curve and head out . over this we hear : kirk voice Space , the final frontier . this be the voyage of the starship Enterprise . her ongoing mission : to explore strange new world ... to seek out new life and new civilization ... to boldly go where no man have go before ... with that , the Enterprise hit warp speed , and be go into the star . fade out . the end STAR trek iv : the voyage home appendix A. n.d. starship dialogue ( as it appear in scene 42 ) version 1 starfleet command , this be Captain Joel randolph of the starship yorktown report . emergency channel Zero-one - three -zero , code red . it have be three hour since we contact with the alien probe and all attempt at regain power have fail . all non -essential crew have be give hiber - sedative to slow down consumption of life support reserve . we chief engineer be attempt to deploy a makeshift solar sail with which to focus and absorb radiation from a nearby sun we be orbit . we have high hope that this will , if successful , generate power to keep we alive indefinitely . if you would patch we through to Engineering Control we could link up with the technician there and hopefully lick this problem . we will keep you post on we condition . starfleet , and inform you of any further development . Captain randolph out . version 2 starfleet Command , this be communication officer trillya of the u.s.s. shepard report on emergency status code zero one nine five . we condition remain the same , the probe have neutralize all power supplies and we be function on reserve only . all attempt to reinstate main power have fail . Captain clampett have quarantine all but minimal support crew due to failure of bio - sterilization capsule contain vegan D virus , which have already kill fifteen crew member . all aboard be believe to be infect . atmospheric regeneration and reclamation system be not functional , and all medical supplies be spoil due to refrigeration shut down . at present condition life support system will be exhaust within eight hour . starfleet , please advise ...? STAR trek iv : the voyage home appendix B. council president message ( as appear in scene 47 ) council president this be the President of the United federation of planet with a Planet alert , priority one : do not approach Earth -- this be a priority one warning to all starship , repeat do not approach ! Earth be under the attack of a unidentified orbit probe which emit transmission on a energy wave unknown to we . this powerful wave , direct at we ocean , have almost totally ionize we atmosphere . all power source have fail or be neutralize . all Earth orbit starship be powerless . a cloud envelope have enshroud the planet cause heavy rain and flooding . temperature be drop to critical level . this planet cannot survive unless the probe be respond to . the probe 's transmission dominate all standard channel . further communication may not be possible and we have discover no method to repel the probe or destroy it . do not attempt confrontation with the probe !! save you energy , save yourselves . avoid the Planet Earth at all cost . farewell ... STAR trek iv : the voyage home appendix c. kirk speech # 1 ( as appear in scene 540 kirk starfleet Command , this be Admiral James T. kirk in route to Earth in klingon vessel . we have intercept and analyze the call of the probe threaten Earth . with the help of Captain spock it be we opinion that only the extinct species humpback whale can give the proper response to the probe . do you concur with this opinion ?... do you read I ? starfleet Command , do you read I ? kirk speech # 2 ( as appear in scene 54 ) kirk starfleet Command , we hope you can hear we . if you read , starfleet , we be go to attempt time travel . we be computing we trajectory at this time . STAR trek iv : the voyage home appendix D. ( as in scene 25 ) starfleet command table operator right , I want s.f.c. up on console 5 on one ... cue . come up on console three com sit 4 no filter southern quadrant ... check zero one five niner on cue three . switch over to manual camera control on sit vert two three two. Mark on my cue 4 ... 3... 2 ... 1 ... check come up on com 4 ... new probe data input to major a.1. bank for possible com link ... switch to data com line priority one weather control ... quadrant 12-340 have partial power maintenance ... probe have pass a - 13 new data unavailable ... line three ... sector 15 monitoring station graphic consolidation display up on main display 1 . all neutral zone monitoring graphic on screen 5 ... on my count ... cue up now ... check k - 12 we have get you clear ; I be put you up on the main screen ... rigel monitor graphic general data synth with graphic rep on main 3 ... check ... we be clear ... switch now to line 13 with sit com 12 ... come up on three ... ... check ... we have get interactive visual from Delta 5 on alien probe possible mag flux ratios ... 4 ... 3... 2 ... 1 ... we be put on Sat four graphic on screen 5 and 2 ... all clear on patch 13 ... put up Communications from reon seven with infra-re filter ... check ... increase contrast please ... stop ... down one third ... check that 's it ... okay ... move to console seven ... new status ... update graphic on rigel 5 ... check ... continue update ... fine ... information dump clear for storage ... okay we be clear ... bandit 5 you be come through ... graphic data on pleadian quadrant 5 and 7 come up on screen alpha-delta seven ...