Star Trek : the Movie script - Star Trek - insurrection - exclusive !!! Star Trek ix insurrection screenplay by Michael pillar & Rick berman rev . final draft March 12 , 1998 fade in : 1 tall grass blowing gently in a breeze - day - ( optical ) 1 the sound of child play , run through the grass ... as one boy ( artim , 12 ) poke he head out , we see by he facial skin pattern that he 's a alien ... he cloth be simple , homespun . as other alien child pursue he in a game of tag into the rocky foothills , we boom up to reveal a breathtaking view of a rural community along a vast sparkling lake ... mountain rise in the background ... some odd - like livestock graze on the hillside ... 2 a farm - long shot 2 a woman use a bike pump to get well water ... a man work the soil in he field , wipe he brow , wave to -- 3 a woman ( anij , 38 ) 3 whose beauty immediately captivate we as she stroll past the farm , the wind barely jostling she close cut curly hair . she take we to a busy outdoor farmer market at the edge of a hand - construct village set against a natural rock face barrier . this be the ba'ku people and from the open shot we can feel the simple charm of this beautiful place ... and who would blame we for want to be there , to escape a life like this ... where people seem to have all the time in the world ... to chat with neighbor , taste a piece of fresh fruit and enjoy the day ... anij nod hello to people include sojef ( male , 42 ) , the community leader ... she smile as a vendor slice a piece of fruit for she ... 4 new angle - anij - ( optical ) 4 from the point of view of the rock face behind the village . although we may not realize it yet , we be watch through a window now ... slightly discolor , pull back to see a mysterious figure in a isolation suit stand incongruously beside she , he suit glow with a green force field . none of the ba'ku be aware of he as he take reading with a sophisticated sensor device build into he suit . now we pullback reveal we be inside a duck blind . low lighting level . a bi - level gallery of starfleet officer and member of a alien race ( the son'a ) observe the peaceful village scene like sportswriter at the ballpark ... 5 -9 various angle 5 - 9 as they enter data into they computer . supernumerary move in and out of the main view room with padd ... 10 angle to include the full window ( optical ) 10 outside , several other cloak figure move among the unknow ba'ku ... 11 angle - the ranking son'a officer ( gallatin , 60 ) 11 ( optical ) Inside the duck blind . like all so n'a , he face be stretch like a rubber band about to snap ... they look like victim of three too many cosmetic surgeries . he study a padd from a supernumerary ... gallatin Admiral dougherty be wait for this . transmit it to the ship . suddenly a communication crackle on loudspeaker ... male son'a com voice alert , area twelve ...! now the sound of a weapon blast ... turmoil ... as the blast echoe through the hill , the ba'ku outside the window react , turn they head toward the sound ... male son'a com voice ( distress ) ... the android have ... it crackle off ... gallatin move to a companel ... lieutenant data , report to base immediately . data' com voice transferring ... positronic ... matrix function ... engage ... secondary protocol ... the run man start pull at he headgear . starfleet officer # 1 he 's try to remove the headpiece ... gallatin all field unit . intercept the android . 12 omitted 12 thru thru 15 15 16 angle - through window - ( optical ) 16 as all the man in suit converge on the run man ... but with superhuman strength , he toss they aside with ease ... meanwhile ba 'ku people , unaware of the fight , greet they child back , happy they be safe ... 17 ext . market - continuous ( optical ) - angle on artim 17 as he move to sojef , he father ... sojef it must have be some kind of odd electrical storm ... but as sojef speak , artim turn to see the float head of data decloaking in mid-air barely a yard away as he remove he helmet ... the boy yell ... jump back , fall as data make eye contact with he . the ba'ku scatter ... sojef pull the boy away to safety ... data secondary protocol ... active . we notice a slashing burn wound on data 's neck as he fight off a invisible force again ... we hear a rip crunch and a green force field sputter briefly -- a son'a man in a tear isolation suit partially decloak as he be slam to the ground , unconscious . data rip off the rest of he suit revealing himself , pick up a weapon from the unconscious so n'a , aim it at the rock face ... 18 int . duck blind - ( optical ) 18 the observer dive for cover as he point the weapon this way . but data fire it to the leave of the window ... 19 ext . rock face - ( optical ) 19 and then fire again to the right ... and again above ... each hit knock out generator ... finally the rock face shimmer , like a computer image break up , and disappear revealing the high - tech station behind it ... 20 angle ( optical ) 20 all the invisible man in suit decloak in the village . 21 through the duck blind window 21 the scientist begin to poke they head up from the floor ... expose to the world outside ... 22 the BA 'ku in hiding place 22 include anij , artim and sojef react with shock ... various BA 'ku what be it ? who be they ? 23 data 23 stand alone , satisfied with he mysterious work . 24 ext . space - the enterprise - ( optical ) 24 in orbit of a m-class planet . 25 int . picard quarter 25 Close on the four Captain 's pip on he uniform , and move back to reveal beverly crusher help jean -luc picard fasten the collar on he jacket as deanna troi brief he , glance at a padd . all be wear formal uniform . they be run late . troi ... population three hundred million ... picard say the greeting again ... troi yew - cheen chef-faw ... emphasis on the ' cheen ' and the ' faw ' ... crusher you either need a new uniform or a new neck . picard ' yew - cheen chef - faw ' ... my collar size be exactly the same as it be at the Academy . crusher ( dry ) sure it be . and you hair be still chestnut brown . we angle clearly establish picard 's white hair ... she finish with the collar ... overlap the above dialogue : a chime at the door , troi answer it , let in will riker in he dress uniform . riker we guest have arrive and be eat the floral arrangement on the banquet table ... crusher I guess they do not believe in cocktail before dinner ... as picard lead the way out of the door ... troi ( look at she padd ) oh , my God , be they vegetarian ? that 's not in here ... picard better have the chef whip up a light balsamic vinaigrette ... something that go well with chrysanthemums ... 26 int . corridor - continuous 26 very up - tempo dialogue ... picard ( cont 'd ) perim' com voice yew - cheen chef-faw ... Bridge to Captain picard ... picard yes , ensign ... perim' com voice Command want to know we eta at the goren systsem ... picard ( to riker ) the goren system ...? riker they need we to mediate some territorial dispute ... picard ( frustrated ) we can not delay the archaeological expedition to hanoran two . it would put we into the middle of monsoon season ... riker ( can not be help ) the diplomatic Corps be busy with Dominion negotiation . picard ( sigh ) ... so they need we to put out one more brush fire . ( beat ) anyone remember when we use to be explorer ? they enter ... 27 int . turbolift - continuous 27 picard ( refocuss ) ' yew - cheen chef -faw . ' riker deck ten . troi ( resume she briefing ) remember ; they have a significantly less advanced technology than ours ... they only achieve warp drive last year ... crusher a year ? and the federation coucil decide to make they a protectorate already ? picard in view of we loss to the borg and the Dominion , the coucil feel we need all the ally we can get this day . as the turbolift door open , we see much activity , can hear music come from the party ... picard put on a brighter face . as they exit ... troi you will be expect to dance with Regent cuzar ... crusher can she mambo ...? picard very funny ... crusher ( off riker & troi 's reaction ) you Captain use to cut quite a rug ... 28 int . corridor - continuous 28 several officer in dress uniform move to make room for the Captain 's entourage ... move with they ... female ensign Captain on deck ! LA forge's com voice La Forge to picard . Captain , I need to talk to you before you go into the reception ... before picard can respond , he run into worf ... worf Captain ... picard worf , what the hell be you do here ? worf riker I be at the manzar colony it 's a little late , install a new defense geordi ... can it wait ? perimeter when I hear the Enterprise be in this sector ... picard LA forge's com voice stop by my quarter later ; I do not think so I have a few idea about Commander .. manzar security ... ( non-stop to riker ) have he come to the reception ... we will talk here ... picard move into the banquet room , continue to worf -- picard riker how 's you bride ? the Captain want you to come over . worf LA forge's com voice a challenge I be on my way ... tell he we have recieve a picard communique from Admiral then you be make for dougherty ... each other . LA forge's com voice ( cont 'd ) it 's about data . 29 int . banquet room 29 maybe thirty starfleet officer , most human but a few bajoran , trill and borian pepper about ... a small group of musician play a festive tune . the crowd move back as they Captain enter and troi escort he to regent cuzar , 50 and she delegation of about eight extremely short alien ... she 's at least a foot short than he be ... picard yew - cheen chef-faw , Regent cuzar . welcome aboard the Enterprise . cuzar Captain picard , may I welcome you in the time - honore tradition of my people ... a aide step forward and she take a alien headpiece from he and reach up to put it on picard 's head ... picard have to make himself short to make it work ... the other alien throw tiny seed over picard and cuzar ( like rice at a wedding ) ... picard smile , try not to show how silly he feel ... cuzar we be so honore to be accept within the great federation family . ( excuse he ) please , I know you have other guest to greet ... picard we have a dance later , I believe ? cuzar I look forward to it . one of she mister escort she away , picard turn to troi - picard how be we suppose to dance ? her head will be in my ... he 's interrupt by geordi LA forge who approach look concerned , hold a padd , hand it to picard ... LA forge Excuse I , sir . Admiral dougherty 's aboard the Son 'a ship in sector four- four-one . he 's request data 's schematics ... troi be something wrong ? LA forge the message do not say . picard ( concerned ) data should have be back by now . they be only schedule to observe the ba'ku village for a week . ( to geordi ) set up a secure com-link to the Admiral in the anteroom ... geordi acknowledge , move away ... a bolian science officer grab picard by the arm ... bolian officer Captain , hars adislo , we meet at the nel bato Conference last year ... do you ever have a chance to read my paper on thermionic transconductance ...? as picard react , smile with no recollection ... 30 a monitor -- int . anteroom off banquet room - ( optical ) 30 Admiral matthew dougherty , 69 , a confident , charismatic officer be transmit from a Son 'a ship . dougherty he 's not acknowledge any starfleet protocol ... not respond to any of we hail ... we pull back to see we be in a small room off the reception ... picard face the monitor ( he 's remove the headpiece ) . geordi observe . a starfleet ensign stand guard just outside the door to make sure they be not disturb . picard you have no idea what precipitate he behavior ? dougherty ( shake he head ) ... and now he 's hold we people hostage down there ... picard the Enterprise can be at you position in two day , Admiral ... dougherty that 's probably not a good idea . you ship have not be fitte for this region ; there be environmental concern ... picard what kind of concern ? dougherty we have not fully identify the anomaly yet . they be call this whole area the briar patch ... it take we a day to reach a location where we could get a signal out to you . just get I data 's schematics . I will keep you inform . ( picard acknowledge ) dougherty out . the screen return to a starfield . picard send he the schematics . geordi acknowledge . picard ensign ... ensign ( move inside ) Sir ? picard report to the galley and tell the chef to skip the fish course . the ensign give a puzzle reaction but a order be a order . he exit . geordi give he Captain a curious look . picard I want we guest to depart as quickly a etiquette allow . I will ask worf to delay he return to ds9 so he can join we . we be go to stop by sector four- four - one on we way to the goren system . LA forge ( understanding ) they ... be in opposite direction , sir ... picard ( dry ) be they ...? La Forge smile , leave . picard take a beat to collect himself and we may sense how the clutter in a Captain 's life may wear he down . he put the alien headpiece back on with sullen eye ... then restore he diplomat 's face and return to the reception ... 31 ext . space - son 'a ship - ( optical ) 31 move toward a ringed planet well in the distance , pass slowly through wisp of space matter ... wonderful , glow plasma tendril like leg of a gigantic tarantula dot by low density gas cloud ... 32 int . son 'a ship body enhancement facility - ( optical ) 32 low lighting . strange futuristic dialysis machine pump fluid in and out of recline so n'a man and woman ... the woman use powder and heavy but carefully apply make - up to obscure they face . son'a costume be make of expensive fabric with latinum chain and exquisite jewel as accessory , suggest a wealthy culture that value materialism . sexy female attendant from various alien race , dress provocatively , work with laser tool to repair crack , raw skin off son'a face . we move to find ru'afo , 63 , the son'a ahdar ( Commander ) , recline get a elaborate facial from two beauty , creams and oil massage into he skin by they gentle fingertip ... ru'afo I should have never let you talk I into the duck blind in the first place ... reveal Admiral dougherty observe , wear a crisp , starfleet uniform ... he look and feel out of place here , but such be the demand of alien alliance ... ru'afo ( cont 'd ) you federation procedure have make this mission ten time as difficult as it need to be ... dougherty we procedure be in place to protect the planet 's population from unnecessary risk ... ru'afo Planet 's population . six hundred people . you want to avoid unnecessary risk ? next time leave you android home . son'a officer # 1's com voice Bridge to ahdar ru'afo . we be approach the planet . he motion to the girl to finish up , press he personal comlink , answer the call ... ru'afo take we into a high orbit . ( as he rise from the chair ) lie down , Admiral . the girl will take twenty year off you face ... dougherty another time . ru'afo study he own face in the mirror ... ru'afo you self - restraint puzzle I , Admiral . you continue to deny yourself every benefit this mission have to offer ... dougherty I prefer to wait until we can share the benefit with all the people of the federation ... suddenly , boom ! the ship be hit by a blast . ru'afo react , lead the way out .... 33 int . son 'a bridge - ( optical ) 33 as ru'afo and dougherty enter ... ru'afo report . son'a officer # 1 phaser blast . unknown origin . ru'afo raise shield . ( another blast ) take we out of orbit . son'a officer # 2 photon torpedoe . brace for impact ! blam ... again ... and again ... serious hit ... son'a computer voice warning . Outer hull damage , deck three ... son'a officer # 1 Visual contact ! on the viewscreen the attack ship move suddenly into view from a low density gas cloud like a destroyer emerge from a fog bank ... it be a federation scout ship -- small but impressive , with window at the forward cockpit ... the Admiral react ... dougherty that 's we ship . 34 ext . space - close view : the scout - ( optical ) 34 as it move at we , fire one last blast which illuminate the pilot for a instant and we clearly see the face of data through the window ... 35 ext . space - the enterprise - ( optical ) 35 at warp , in normal space ... 36 int . picard quarter - ( optical ) 36 Close on the replicator . a allegro chamber music piece in the background ... picard ( o.c . ) tea. Earl grey . hot. the tea appear as we pull back to reveal picard study a padd ... he reach out for the tea without he eye ever leave he read ... walk across the room and sit at a dining table that have stack of various work material ... more padd , chart and graph and map ... a half - eat salad sit in front of he ... and in a move that would challenge the world 's great juggler , he poke a fork of salad into he mouth with one hand as he sip he tea with the other , find a spot to prop the padd so he can still read ... and now , he mind , ask a silent question , reach over to grab a chart , and as he pull it over , he also spill the salad plate splash gorgonzolla dress over he jacket ... sigh ... a chime at the door ... picard who be it ? riker ( o.c . ) Commander riker ... picard look at himself , shrug , what the hell ... picard come ... riker enter with a padd , eye draw to picard 's stain jacket ... picard I be the casualty of a work lunch . picard take off he jacket ... and as the scene continue , he change . picard ( cont 'd ) I have be go over the few star chart we have of this " briar patch " . it 's full of supernova remnant , false vacuum fluctuation ... riker look at the star chart , brushes it off ... riker ... and gorgonzolla cheese . picard we will not be able to go any faster than one - third impulse in that muck ... riker ( hand he the padd ) nothing dangerous turn up in the astrometric survey ... picard so where be the ' environmental concern ' the Admiral be talk about ? riker ( shrug ) the only unusual reading be low level of metaphasic radiation from interstellar dust across the region ... worf com voice Bridge to Captain picard . we be approach sector four-four-one . picard slow to impulse . we be on we way . picard lead the way out ... 37 ext . space - the briar patch - ( optical ) 37 the edge of the dangerous and beautiful region ... move to find the Enterprise approach at impulse ... 38 int . bridge - ( optical ) 38 see the patch on the viewscreen ... worf at tactical , ensign kell perim , female trill , 29 , at conn ... troi at command , La Forge at ops ... as picard and riker enter ... LA forge we be about to lose communication with starfleet , Captain . picard ( to troi ) do you have everything you need from command ? troi we have download all the file on the duck blind mission as well as intelligence report on the so n'a . picard ( include riker ) you have two day to become expert ... mister worf , you job and mine will be to find a plan to safely capture data . worf hold up a modify tricorder ... worf I have already modify a tricorder with one of he spare actuation servos . its operational range be only seven meter but it should shut he down ... picard ( appreciate he initiative ) it 's good to have you back , worf . ( he sit ) slow to one-third . take we in . 39 ext . space - the enterprise - ( optical ) 39 as it move slowly into the patch . 40 int . enterprise library 40 significantly electronic ... many computer station ... a few real book ... troi and riker work at parallel computer station ... people be at other station ... troi ( off she computer ) the Son 'a discover a m-class planet with humanoid life six month ago . turned out it 's in we to get approval for a sociological study . the federation Council suggest it be a joint mission ... riker why be data assign ? troi " Environmental concern " , again . a android could be safely expose to the element during the installation of a duck blind ... librarian ( c.o. ) sssshhh ... they turn to see -- a middle - age , prune - face woman at a desk , look sternly at they ... troi go back to she read but seem distract ... see a paper notepad on the desk , rip off a shred and , during the follow exchange , start to press it between she thumb and forefinger into a little ball . whisper now -- riker I do not see anything to suggest the son'a have any interest in sociology ... troi what be they interested in ...? riker wine , woman and song . troi you should feel right at home with they . she throw the ball of paper and hit riker on the side of the head ... he turn but she 's look innocently at she screen ... he roll a little paper ball himself ... riker nomadic , collector of precious metal , jewel ... troi ( joke ) hmm , I should feel right at home with they ... riker you be in luck ... it say here they have take woman from several race as indenture servant . just as he 's about to throw he paper ball back at she ... he see the librarian stare at he ... riker , catch , sheepishly turn back to he computer ... a beat ... riker ( react ) look at this ... she stand , lean over riker 's shoulder to see he computer , put one arm on the desk ... riker ( cont 'd ) ' the son'a have be suspect of produce mass quantity of the narcotic ketracel - white ... they ship be rumor to be equip with isolytic subspace weapon outlaw by the second khitomer Accord ... ' 41 angle emphasizing her breast 41 as it rest gently on he upper arm ... and he 's deeply aware of that breast touch he ... troi why would we be involved with this people ? riker good question . they exchange a brief glance that have nothing to do with the son'a . as he eye return to the computer scrolling , she casually play with hair at the nape of he neck ... riker you have not do that in a long time ... troi what ...? riker what you be do to my neck ... troi ( flirtatiously ) be I do something to you neck ? he pause he scrolling as he come to something curious ... riker it say here that some form of genetic damage have apparently prevent the son'a from procreate ... troi no child ? riker if that 's true , they be a die race . suddenly , a tiny ball of paper hit riker ... riker hey ... he turn to see a alien ensign look too innocently at he computer . the librarian 's eye fix on riker and troi , obvious troublemaker ... troi point to riker ... troi he start it . riker react , start to leave ... troi follow ... riker I do not do anything , I swear it . 41a ext . space - the enterprise ( optical ) 41a as it continue slowly through the briar patch ... 42 int . worf quarter 42 Dark . worf asleep in bed , a alarm already beep ... picard com voice Bridge to Commander worf ... worf begin to stir ... then he eye open and he realize the alarm be go off ... he sit up ... picard com voice worf ? worf Captain ? picard com voice I do not know how they do it on deep Space nine ... but on the Enterprise , we still report for duty on time . worf stand in the dark , bump he head as he do ... intercut : 43 int . bridge 43 picard at command ... La Forge at ops ... perim at conn ... lieutenant nara , human male , 35 , at tactical ... worf com voice I ... I must have sleep through my alarm . I be on my way ... picard we will skip the court martial this time ... picard out . a beat as picard listen to the sound of he ship , raise a eyebrow ... we hear nothing ... he move forward to La Forge and perim ... picard when be the last time we align we torque sensor ... perim two month ago , sir ... picard they do not sound right . La Forge and perim react , work the control , exchange a look at the result ... LA forge the torque sensor be out of alignment ... by twelve micron ... you could hear that ? picard ( pleased with himself ) when I be a ensign , I could detect a three - micron mis- alignment ... nara Excuse I , sir . the son'a ship with Admiral dougherty aboard have enter tracking range ... picard try to hail they . a dishevel and embarrassed worf enter ... nara Admiral dougherty respond . worf replace nara ... picard straighten you baldric , Commander . on screen ... 44 angle - include the viewscreen - ( optical ) 44 dougherty and ru'afo be sit in ru'afo 's tactical room , opulently decorate for a spaceship . dougherty Captain , I be not expect you . picard this be too important for the Enterprise to be on the sideline , Admiral ... dougherty I wish I have better news . Commander data attack we in the mission scout ship yesterday . ru'afo and I have decide to send in a assault team ... picard Sir , Commander worf and I have be work on several tactical plan to safely ... ru'afo you android have turn dangerously violent , Captain ... considerable damage be do to my ship . he must be destroy . dougherty I know what data mean to starfleet , jean-luc ... but we crew be at the mercy of that people on the planet ... picard if we first attempt to capture data fail , I will terminate he . ( beat ) I should be the one to do it . I be he Captain . and he friend . dougherty pause to consider but ru'afo want none of picard . ru'afo it be not safe for you to remain in this area . dougherty he 's right . we shield have be upgrade to protect against the environmental anomaly ... picard we have not notice any ill effect . the Admiral study he a long beat , be sympathetic to picard 's position . dougherty all right . you have twelve hour , Captain . then I want you out of the briar patch . in the meantime , we will be head out to the perimeter to call for so n'a reinforcement in case you fail . picard understood . dougherty good luck . dougherty out . his image disappear . on picard 's expression ... 45 ext . space - the enterprise - ( optical ) 45 as the bay door slide open and a shuttle emerge ... move through the gas cloud toward the beautiful ringed planet ... 46 int . shuttle - ( optical ) 46 worf and picard at the control ... worf sensor be not pick up any ship come from the surface ... picard transmit a wide band co-variant signal . that will get he attention . worf ( touch panel ) he might be use the planet 's ring to mask he approach . picard ( off sensor ) the metaphasic radiation in that ring be in a state of extreme flux . steer clear of they , mister worf ... a beat . watch and wait . picard come out , come out wherever you be ... worf Sir ? picard hmm ? oh , it 's just something my mother use to ... suddenly , wham -- a blast ... picard hold on . he hit the control and they climb sharply ... 47 ext . space - the shuttle - ( optical ) 47 evade phaser shot form the scout ... the planet provide a dramatic backdrop ... 48 int . shuttle 48 picard open all hail frequency . ( worf acknowledge ) data , this be Captain picard ... 49 int . scout - closeup data - ( optical ) 49 window show a gas cloud outside ... picard com voice ( cont 'd ) ... please acknowledge ... data ignore he , continue to fire ... 50 ext . space - the scout - ( optical ) 50 move through the dark cloud , pursue the shuttle , fire phaser ... 51 int . shuttle 51 more shot connect ... more sharp evasive maneuver ... worf Sir , if we fire a tachyon burst , it may force he to reset he shield harmonics . when he do , we could beam he out ... picard make it so . 52 omitted 52 53 ext . space - the shuttle - ( optical ) 53 fire a tachyon burst ... 53a the scout - ( optical ) 53a the blast connect ... 54 int . shuttle 54 worf direct hit . he 's resetting he shield harmonics ... picard beam he out ! 55 new angle including the transporter pad - ( optical ) 55 which wheeze unsuccessfully ... they react ... worf he 's activate a transport inhibitor . picard prepare to enter the atmosphere ... we will use the ionospheric boundary to shake he ... 56 ext . space - upper atmosphere - scout / shuttle - 56 day ( optical ) the shuttle blast through the atmosphere attempt to shake off the scout ... 57 int . shuttle 57 picard work hard to stabilize the ship ... worf scanner be off line ! picard evasive maneuver ... head one - four-zero mark three - one ... then , wham ... wham ... wham ! Gas shoot from the ceiling ... worf try to stop it ... 58 through the window - ( optical ) 58 to see the scout zoom past , so close that picard and data can even make eye contact ... picard work to avoid he again ... picard he can fly a ship , he anticipate tactical strategy , he brain be obviously function ... we have see how he respond to threat . I wonder how he would respond to ... another shot connect ... picard ( a new idea ) do you know Gilbert and Sullivan ? worf no , sir . I have not have a chance to meet all the new crew member since I have be back ... picard they be composer , worf , from the nineteenth century . data be rehearse a part in h.m.s. pinafore before he leave ... ( sing to com ) " a british tar be a soar soul , as free as a mountain bird , his energetic first should be ready to resist a dictatorial word ... " picard look at worf , nod , join I ! worf give he a exasperate look ... picard begin to enter command into the computer as he continue to sing ... 59 omitted 59 & & 60 60 61 int . scout 61 picard com voice ( cont 'd ) " his nose should pant and he lip should curl , his cheek should flame and he brow should furl ... " data react . from somewhere inside he damage brain , he recall this song . he start to sing to himself ... data / picard com voice ( together ) " his bosom should heave and he heart should glow , and he fist be ready for a knock - down blow ... " 62 int . shuttle - ( optical ) 62 the lyric be scrolling on a monitor now ... a bounce ball make it easier for worf to follow ... picard ( to worf ) sing ! picard and worf " his nose should pant and he lip should curl , he cheek should flame and he brow should furl ... " 63 int . scout 63 and data sing in unison -- data / picard / worf com voice ( cont 'd ) " ... his bosom should heave and he heart should glow ... and he fist be ready for a knock - down blow ... " 64 int . shuttle 64 picard catch he breath , turn off the companel . picard he 's stop fire . suddenly from the speaker -- data' com voice " his eye should flash with a inborn fire , his brow should scorn be wrung ; he never should bow down to a domineer frown , or the tang of a tyrant tongue ... " picard ( smile , triumphant ) prepare the docking clamp . worf move to a rear panel as picard sing with data ... picard / data' com voice " ... his foot should stamp ... " 65 int . scout 65 data , mesmerize by the song , be not pay attention to he sensor ... data / picard com voice " ... and he throat should growl , his hair should twirl and he face should scowl ... " 66 ext . scout and shuttle - day - continuous ( optical ) 66 as the shuttle move within yard , even foot , of the scout ... slide under the belly of data 's craft ... data / picard voice ( muffle ) " ... his eye should flash and he breast protrude , and this should be he customary attitude -- " 67 close - the docking clamp - ( optical ) 67 on the roof of the shuttle extend and with a magnetic jolt attaches itself to the scout . data / picard voice ... his foot should stamp and he throat should growl ... " 68 int . scout 68 data feel the jolt , react , stop sing , he program clinking back into a defense mode ... picard com voice " his hair should twirl and he face should scowl ... " data check he sensor , hit a panel and ... 69 ext . scout and shuttle - ( optical ) 69 as the scout rock back and forth try to shake the shuttle loose ... 70 int . shuttle 70 picard and worf hold on for dear life ... worf Sir , inertial coupling be exceed tolerance ... if we do not release he , he may destroy both vessel ... picard I be not let go of he . 71 ext . scout and shuttle - ( optical ) 71 they begin to spin and spiral downward ... 72 int . scout - ( optical ) 72 data still try to free he ship ... the surface spin and loom closer through the window ... computer voice warning . Impact with surface ... 73 int . shuttle - ( optical ) 73 the same view of the surface through they window ... computer voice ... in twenty second . picard reroute emergency power to inertial damper ! worf the damp sequencer be damage by phaser fire ! picard transferring control to manual . computer voice warning . Impact with surface ... 74 int . scout - ( optical ) 74 as before . computer voice ... in ten second . 75 int . shuttle - ( optical ) 75 worf damp field establish ! picard maximum power ! 76 ext . scout and shuttle ( optical ) 76 the shuttle gain control sweeping both ship into a hard arc parallel to the surface , only a dozen yard above the surface . 77 int . scout ( optical ) 77 data react to a hatch be blow open on the floor behind he , turn to see worf aim the modify tricorder at he ... worf press a button , nothing happen ... data look curiously at he ... then lunge at he , but worf extend he arm and press the button again and data shut off in mid-lunge and fall motionless , inch from worf . he press he combadge ... worf Captain ... 78 int . shuttle 78 worf com voice Commander data be safely in custody . picard take a deep breath ... satisfied . 79 omitted 79 & & 80 80 81 ext . village - day ( optical ) 81 the hostage be sit at wooden table with the ba'ku have lunch , the son'a quietly keep to themselves at separate table . to the side , artim and friend play a game ( tbd ) that display extraordinary hand - eye coordination , well beyond human ability . 82 angle - picard , troi and crusher 82 and several engineer enter the village on foot , phaser draw , they face curious at the picnic before they ... the hum of conversation fade ... for a moment , it almost seem that the hostage be sorry to seem they ... gallatin and the starfleet lieutenant move to picard ... gallatin Captain , subahdar gallatin , so n'a Command . lieutenant Lieutenant curtis , attach , to Admiral dougherty . picard be you all right ? lieutenant we have be treat extremely well by this people . the child have resume they game . troi observe they with keen interest ... picard notice ... picard counselor ? troi they have a incredible clarity of perception , Captain . I have never encounter a species with such mental discipline ... sojef , anij and several of the ba'ku , include another village leader , tournel ( 35 ) , move toward they . sojef my name be sojef , Captain . picard jean-luc picard ... my officer Doctor crusher and counselor troi. sojef would you like something to eat ? picard no , we be here to ... rescue they . sojef as you wish . but I would ask you to disarm yourselves . this village be a sanctuary of life . picard measure the request ... then holster he phaser ... the rest of the away team do the same ... picard ( to crusher and troi ) prepare to transport the ' hostage ' to the ship ... crusher they should be quarantine before join the ship 's population . picard nod . they move off with gallatin and the Lieutenant . the work crew move to disassemble the duck blind . picard ( to sojef ) we be under the impression they be be hold against they will . anij it 's not we custom to have guest here at all , let alone hold anyone against they will . picard make eye contact with anij ... she tone be not harsh , but we can sense a inner strength in this woman . sojef the artificial lifeform would not allow they to leave . he tell we they be we enemy and more would follow . anij be you we enemy ? sojef anij ... picard my people have a strict policy of non- interference with other culture . in fact , it 's we Prime directive . anij ( dry , with a smile ) you directive apparently do not include spying on other culture . picard if I be in you shoe , I would feel the same way after what happen . ( beat ) the ' artificial lifeform ' be a member of my crew . apparently , he become ... ill ... tournel there do seem to be a phase variance in the positronic matrix that we be unable to repair . picard react , not the sort of thing one expect to hear from someone in a place like this ... anij I believe the Captain find it hard to believe that we would have any skill repair a positronic device ... sojef we technological ability be not apparent because we have choose not to employ they in we daily life . we believe when you create a machine to do the work of a man , you take something away from the man . anij ( do not take we lightly ) but at one time , we explore the galaxy just as you do ... picard you have warp capability ? anij capability , yes . but where can warp drive take we , except away from here ...? clearly establish that she and she people have very little interest in life beyond they world . picard allow himself to take in this glorious set ... a hum bird hover briefly nearby ... it be the kind of paradise that would appeal to any contemporary man try to escape the clutter of he life if only for a brief respite ... and at least , to that extent -- picard I understand . in the background , the starfleet hostage embrace they host as they say farewell ... picard I apologize for we intrusion . 83 int . ready room - ( optical ) 83 picard talk to dougherty on a monitor ... picard ... and because they have warp capability , the consequence to they society be minimal ... dougherty you have do a terrific job , Jean - luc. now , pack you bag and get the hell out of there . how 's data ? picard in stasis . La Forge be complete the diagnostic . dougherty ( acknowledge ) I will need all you paperwork tomorrow . we be head back you way . set a course to rendezvous with we so you can transfer the crew and equipment on you way out . picard you be not finish here ? dougherty just a few loose end to tie up . dougherty out . picard turn off the monitor , glance at the pile of work padd -- he " paperwork " -- on he desk without pleasure ... pick one up and begin to study it for a beat ... then be draw to the window , where he can see the warm invite planet below . 84 int . troi be office 84 she 's sit on the sofa make some note on a padd when the door chime ... troi come in . ( riker enter ) hi. riker get a minute ? I ... need a little counseling . ( off she surprise ) first time for everything . do I ... lie down ... or what ? troi whatever make you comfortable ... riker lie down , only he wind up with he head on she lap look up at she ... troi this be not one of the usual therapeutic posture ... riker but it 's comfortable . troi why do not you try sit up ? riker or you could try lie down . troi you be in quite a mood today . he finally sit up , steal a kiss along the way ... she rise shocked but not upset ... troi do you really need counseling or do you come down here to play ? riker be on he foot now , approach she . she retreat . riker both . ( off she look ) I think I be have a mid-life crisis ... troi ( retreate ) ... I believe you ... riker ... I be not sleep well ... troi ... Doctor crusher have something that will take care of that ... she allow he to catch she ... riker what I need , I can not get from Doctor crusher ... ( inch away ) counselor , do you think it 's possible for two people to go back in time to fix a mistake they have make ? troi on this ship , anything can happen . and usually do . he close the gap between they , kiss she deeply . troi augh . riker augh ? troi I never kiss you with a beard before . she push he out the door ... riker I kiss you and you say ' augh ' ?! she hit the panel and the door slide close in he face ... a tiny grin come to she face ... 85 int . engineering corridor - moving with picard & 85 LA forge La Forge have a headache he 's try to work through ... he show picard several burn component ... LA forge I take this out of data 's neural net ... they contain memory engram ... picard do you know how they be damage ? LA forge by a son'a weapon . ( off picard 's look ) there 's no doubt about it , sir . that 's what make data malfunction . picard the son'a report claim they do not fire until after he malfunction . LA forge I do not believe it happen that way . picard why would they fire at he without provocation ? LA forge all I know be that he be function normally until he be shot . then , he fail - safe system be activate ... picard fail-safe ? LA forge his ethical and moral subroutine take over all of he basic function ... picard so , you be say he still know the difference between right and wrong . LA forge in a sense , that 's all he know . the system be design to protect he against anyone who might try to take advantage of he memory loss . picard and yet he attack we . and tell the ba 'ku we be a threat ... ' why ? ' be the unspoken question on picard 's face . 86 angle 86 they reach a door with a significant security system in place ... geordi hit several panel ... picard notice he eye discomfort ... picard implant bother you ? LA forge it 's nothing . I be just tired . the door slide open to reveal a closet -size space with data mount on the wall in a diagnostic device ... geordi touch a panel which activate data ... picard hello , data ... data Captain , geordi ...? picard you be aboard the Enterprise . LA forge you have have a serious malfunction . data ( go inward a beat ) I seem to be miss several memory engram ... geordi hold up the damage component for he to see . data yes ... that look like they . picard what 's the last thing you remember , data ... data ( search he memory , sign ) 'his nose should pant and he lip should curl ... ' picard from the mission ... data I be in a isolation suit collect physiometric data on ba 'ku child . my last memory be go into the hill , follow a boy ... 87 ext . village - day - ( optical ) 87 artim be play with a tiny ' palm - pet ' , a colorful cross between a caterpillar and a jellyfish that crawl over he hand and between he finger , as sojef move over with picard and data ... the boy look at data with fear in he eye . data can not help but notice ... sojef artim , do you remember where you be on the day of lightning when the artificial lifeform appear to we ? artim in the hill , by the dam . picard can you show we ? artim put he pet in a pocket ( or it can have its own little pouch on artim 's belt if he have no pocket ) and lead the way . several ba 'ku include anij and tournel curiously follow . as picard make eye contact with she , she move over ... anij have not you disrupt we life enough ...? she say it gently , but honestly ... picard I understand how you feel . we just want to retrace data 's movement that day ... anij why ? picard ( a cautious reply ) I do not like to leave question unanswer . anij ( evenly ) then you must spend you life answer question . she move away . picard watch she ; she do not look back . 88 angle on data 88 who notice artim still glance at he with fear . to reassure he -- data there be no need for concern . I be operate within normal parameter now . artim you be what ? data I be better . the android 's manner only seem to frighten artim more . before data can say anything else , sojef come and lead he away , give data a cool smile that say , in effect , I do not want any artificial lifeform talk to my son . data react . after a thoughtful beat , move to walk with picard . data I believe the boy be ... afraid ... of I . picard it 's nothing personal data . you have to remember this people have reject technology . and you ... data ... I be the personification of everything they have reject . picard until this week , that young man probably never see a machine , let alone one that walk and talk ... data and I do not believe I make a very good first impression . it clearly bother data to be the object of fear . the boy glance over he shoulder once more at the android , look quickly away ... 89 long shot 89 as the group move into the rocky foothills ... 90 picard 90 enchant by the natural beauty , the antithesis of clutter . 91 new angel 91 they come to a brook . artim hop on one foot across rock in the water and without stop to think , picard do the same thing , look like a little boy ... then notice a curious look from data which make he collect himself and adjust he jacket . anij glance over at sojef with concern . the other cross in adult fashion . 92 coming over a rise 92 artim I see the first bolt of lightning over there ... as they move along the rise ... 93 int . riker's quarter - bathroom 93 Close on a 24th century container of gillette foamy shave cream ( " for weightless environment ! " ) ... find a female hand with a straight razor move to riker 's face ... he chin and cheek lather with cream ... and the hand be troi 's and they be in the bathtub together in a bubble bath ... she expertly move the blade across he face , leave a swath of bare chin ... worf com voice Bridge to riker . riker can I get back to you , worf ? worf com voice Admiral dougherty 's on the com - link , sir . riker ( sigh ) patch he through . ( the computer bleep ) yes , Admiral . 94 int . son 'a body facility 94 dougherty in the foreground ; behind he a Son 'a physician be pull green scum from subcutaneous boil under the skin of ru'afo 's neck with a syringe ... dougherty why have not you leave orbit yet ? riker Captain picard be still on the surface , sir . dougherty do what ? riker he do not want to leave until we could adequately explain why data malfunction . his future in starfleet could depend on it . dougherty exchange a concerned look with ru'afo ... dougherty remind the captain he twelve hour be up . riker's com voice yes , sir . dougherty dougherty out . ru'afo 's eye be close , as the green goo move from he neck to the doctor 's syringe ... son'a doctor you body be produce far too many toxin ... we have reach the limit of genetic manipulation ... ru'afo I will not need any more genetic manipulation if we federation friend will allow we to complete this mission . he open he eye , give dougherty a point look ... 95 ext . planet surface - day - looking down to see a SMALL 95 lake picard , data and the ba'ku have move toward a dam where data be have trouble with be tricorder ... data tricorder function be limited due to heavy deposit of kelbonite in this hill ... picard how about a passive radiation scan ? data adjust he tricorder ... react ... data curious , there appear to be strong neutrino emission come from the lake ... stay with data 's he follow the tricorder to the edge of the lake ... a brief pause ... and then in a harold Lloyd sort of moment , he step into the lake up to he ankle , pause again to look at the tricorder and then disappear under water . 96 artim 96 react , astound ... look to picard ... artim can he breathe under water ? picard data do not breathe . artim wo not he rust ? picard ( smile to himself ) no . the boy turn he wide eye back toward the lake . 97 underwater - data ( optical ) 97 a eel and a fish investigate he as he stand on the lake bottom , examine he tricorder ... 98 ext . lake - day 98 data emerge at a distance from the other ... call -- data Sir , I believe I know what be cause the neutrino emission ... he climb to the top of the earthen dam and turn a heavy wheel that might usually require the strength of two man , open a floodgate ... as he do -- artim ( fascinate ) be there other machine like he in the offland ? sojef the offland be no concern of yours . 98a angle with data 98a the water continue to run off and as we push to the fall water ... 98b with picard 98b reacting as he look down at the lake ... 99 angle ( optical ) 99 a strange displacement of water appear as the lake drain ... something invisible be sit in the water ... a bird land on top of it ... and as the water sink lower , spilling off the side of the invisible object , the shape be reveal to be that of a cloak spaceship . 100 picard 100 picard a ship , data it be clearly federation in origin , Captain . picard ( quote dougherty ) ' just a few loose end to tie up . ' as they move to a rowboat ... artim begin to follow but sojef put a firm arm on he shoulder . sojef we be not interested in such thing . anij look to sojef ... anij I be . and she hop onto the rowboat with picard and data ... decidedly not trust either of they to go alone ... picard it might be wiser for you to stay on shore . anij 's answer be to grab a oar and push they away from shore ... as data and picard exchange a glance , picard take the oar from she and ... 101 wide - ( optical ) 101 picard , anij and data row closer to the invisible ship . 102 closer - the rowboat 102 data press control on he tricorder . a hatch open . picard and data draw phaser ... 103 int . holographic ship / village - ( optical ) 103 as they climb in to find themselves in a identical image of the ba'ku village . anij be stunne ... data ( off tricorder ) it be a holographic projection . move to a gap that show the metal holo-grid ... data ( cont 'd ) incomplete , I might add . picard ( to anij ) what you be see be a computer drive image create by photon and forcefield ... anij I know what a hologram be , Captain . the question be -- why would someone want to create one of we village ? picard ( beat , consider ) data , if you be follow the boy and discover this ship ... data ... it be conceivable I be shot to protect the secret of its existence . picard ( beat , muse aloud ) what possible purpose could a duplicate village have except ... to deceive the ba'ku ... anij deceive we ? picard to move you off this planet . you go to sleep one night in you village ... wake up the next morning in this fly holodeck transport en masse . a week later , maybe a month , you have be relocate on a similar planet without ever realize it . data why would the federation or the so n'a wish to move the ba'ku ? picard I do not know . we may notice a look in anij 's eye - she know why but do not intend to say . picard and data do not notice she reaction ... 104 angle - ( optical ) 104 suddenly wham ! -- a plasma charge be fire from the shadow of the " village " hologram ... and then another and another ... the shot hit wall revealing portion of the holo -grid ( a effect we will see again later during the final action ) . plasma ricochet off the wall spraying spark over they all ... as data fire back , picard grab anij and shove she out of the hatch for she safety ... 105 angle out the hatch 105 as she fall several yard into the water make a big splash ... picard turn back and start fire ... 106 int . holo - ship - ( optical ) 106 a brief , intense exchange of shot ... create more gap in the holo-image ... and finally a Son 'a officer fall off the roof of a holo-building , unconscious . picard Computer , end program and decloak the vessel . and as the holo-image dematerialize , they be stand on a holodeck . 107 ext . holo - ship - ( optical ) 107 decloaking ... anij splaying she arm to keep afloat in the water ... picard and data stick they head out of the hatch ... anij I can not swim ! data and picard promptly jump in after she ... picard ( reach for she ) do not panic ... anij ( with some humor ) I have be shot at ... throw into the lake out of a invisible ship that 's come to abduct we all ... what 's there to panic about ? data in the event of a water landing , I have be design to serve as a floatation device . he twist he neck a certain way and we hear a slight technical re-alignment and suddenly he float ... she hang on as picard swim over to retrieve the rowboat ... 108 int . transporter room - ( optical ) 108 data and picard materialize ... worf , sport a large red mark on he nose , observe . picard be still wet and angry ... on the move ... picard do any of the hostage mention a cloak ship during they debriefing ? worf no , sir ... picard debrief they again . ( notice ) have you be in a fight , Commander ? worf ( humiliate ) no , sir . it be a gorch . picard gorch ? data lean in and whisper the translation into picard 's ear ... picard be embarrassed he bring it up ... picard oh ... well , it 's hardly ... noticeable ... off data 's deadpan look at picard , as they exit ... 109 int . corridor - continuous 109 riker with he clean shaven face move to meet they ... picard and data react ... riker smile ... riker smooth as a android 's bottom , eh , data ? data I ... beg you pardon , sir ? for the rest of the sequence , data observe riker 's chin . move to the turbolift ... riker Admiral dougherty want to know why we have not leave yet ... picard we be not go anywhere . worf and riker exchange a glance as they enter ... 110 int . turbolift - continuous 110 picard ( cont 'd ) deck five . riker ( be : the gorge ) you klingon never do anything small , do you ... the door close . ignoring riker -- worf Doctor crusher ask to talk to you when you return ... picard picard to crusher ... 111 int . sickbay 111 crusher Captain , the son'a hostage decline to be examine . I have they confine to quarter . picard com voice and we people ? crusher they all have slightly elevate level of endorphin production ... probably the result of the environmental anomaly here ... picard com voice be they in any danger ? crusher not at all . they be fine ... in fact , they be better than fine . increase metabolism , high energy , improve muscle tone . we should all be so lucky . picard com voice very good , Doctor . picard out . 112 int . corridor - continuous 112 come out of the turbolift toward picard 's quarter ... picard the Son 'a officer be not to be release until I have meet with ahdar ru'afo . he enter he quarter . data finally submit to he curiosity and run a finger along riker 's chin ... data no , sir . it be not . ( off riker 's look ) as smooth as a android 's bottom . 113 int . picard quarter 113 as he enter ... picard Computer , music . picard 's favorite chamber music come on ... picard no . not that . something else . something ... Latin . computer voice please specify . picard a mambo . ( as the music come on , he tension ease ) that 's more like it ... picard move to ... 114 int . bathroom - continuous 114 he take off he jacket and shirt ... and begin to towel himself dry ... as he glance in the mirror ... he towel patting he face , slow to a stop as he stare at himself in the mirror ... 115 close - the hair around he ear 115 be change color , no longer all white , it be now predominantly chestnut brown . 116 picard 116 look , he mind add up all the strange little thing that have be happen on the ship ... 117 ext . anij' home - night 117 picard knock on a door ... it be open by anij ... picard how old be you ? time CUT : 118 int . anij' home - night 118 austere but invite with a warm fire ... sojef , tournel and artim have join they ... artim spoon hot cider from a kettle into cup , serve it to the adult as the scene continue ... sojef we come here from a solar system on the verge of self - annihilation ... where technology have create weapon that threaten to destroy all life . a small group of we set off to find a new home ... a home that would be isolate from the threat of other world . ( beat ) that be three hundred and nine year ago . picard ( react ) you have not age a day since then ? sojef actually , I be a good deal older when we arrive ... in term of my physical condition . anij there 's a unusual metaphasic radiation come from the planet 's ring . it continuously regenerate the cell in we body . you must have notice the effect by now . picard we have ... just begin to . ( to artim ) I suppose you be seventy - five . artim no. I be twelve . tournel the metaphasic radiation will not begin to affect he until he reach maturity ... picard to many offlander , what you have here would be more valuable than gold - press latinum . ( beat ) and I be afraid it 's the reason that someone be try to take this world away from you . artim the artificial lifeform be right ? picard if not for data , you would probably have be re-locate by now . tournel how can we possibly defend ourselves ? sojef the moment we pick up a weapon , we become one of they ... we lose everything we be ... picard it may not come to that . they turn to he ... picard clearly , the architect of this conspiracy have try to keep it a secret . not just from you , but from my people as well . ( beat ) I do not intend to let they . 119 ext . village - predawn 119 anij we have always know that to survive , we have to remain apart . it have not be easy . many of the young people here want to know more about the offland ... they be attract to storey of a faster pace of life ... picard most of my people who live that faster pace would sell they soul to slow it down . anij but not you . picard ( smile ) there be day . anij ( beat , study he ) you do not live up to you reputation as a offlander , picard . picard ( self - efface ) in defense of offlander , there be many more like I ... anij ... who would not be tempt by the promise of perpetual youth ? I do not think so . picard you give I more credit than I deserve . of course , I be tempt . who would not be ? ( beat ) but some of the blackest mark in the history of my world have involved the force relocation of a small group of people to satisfy the demand of a larger one . I would like to believe we learn from we mistake . obviously , some of we have not . 120 new angle - ( optical ) 120 picard pause to look in a corner window ... beautifully hand - craft quilt be display ... picard the craftsmanship be extraordinary . anij ( smile ) this be a school ... that 's a student 's work . ( off he reaction ) she will be ready to become a apprentice soon . then , in thirty or forty year , she will take she place among the artisan ... picard a apprentice for thirty year . ( they continue walk ) we have notice you people 's mental discipline . do that develop here ? anij ( teasing ) more question . always the explorer . if you stay long enough , that will change . picard will it ? anij you will stop review what happen yesterday ... stop plan for tomorrow ... until you find ... ( interrupt herself ) let I ask you a question -- have you ever experience a perfect moment in time ? picard a perfect moment ? anij when time seem to stop ... and you could almost live in that moment ... picard see my home planet from space for the first time ... anij yes. exactly . nothing more complicated than perception . ( beat ) you explore the universe . we have discover a single moment in time can be a universe in itself ... full of powerful force ... most people be not aware enough of the now ... to ever notice they ... picard I wish I could spare a few century to learn . anij it take we century to learn that it do not have to take century to learn . they reach a doorway to she home ... picard there 's one thing I do not understand . ( off she look ) in three hundred year ... you never learn to swim ? anij ( smile ) I just ... have not get around to it yet . she step forward to enter , pause ... anij I wonder if you be aware of the trust you endanger , jean-luc picard . in my experience , it 's unusual for ... picard ... a offlander ? anij ( beat , smile ) for someone so young . picard smile , aware of a sexual tension ... for the second time in he visit , a hum bird flitter by , briefly examine a street lamp and then away . she move inside , glance back and smile . then she 's go . picard turn and look at the horizon where the sun will come up soon ... react as he see -- 121 the silhouette of geordi LA forge - ( optical ) 121 stand there , look out at the horizon ... 122 closer 122 as picard move over ... picard geordi ...? geordi turn and picard react as he see geordi 's eye ... without the implant ... geordi smile ... LA forge funniest thing , Captain . there be not anything wrong with my implant . there be something right with my eye . when Doctor crusher remove the ocular connection , she find the cell around my optic nerve ... picard ... have regenerate . LA forge it may not last after we leave . if not , I just want , before we go ... ( beat ) I have never actually see a sunrise . picard consider he a long beat ... and they turn to see -- 123 the SUN - ( optical ) 123 crack the horizon turn the lake red ... 124 picard and geordi 124 bath in the sunlight ... picard 's face look young , content in the new sun ... 125 the sunrise - various shot 125 ... the silhouette of a eagle - like bird coast a foot above the water ... the morning breeze brush the red - tinged field of tall grass . 126 geordi 126 a tear roll down he cheek ... 127 wide - ( optical ) 127 as the sunlight cascade over the village and hill and if we be not sure this place be magic before , we certainly know it now . 128 ext . space - the four son 'a ship - ( optical ) 128 dwarf the Enterprise as they move into orbit ... 129 int . ready room ( optical ) 129 dougherty and ru'afo enter ... ru'afo be furious -- ru'afo be I to understand you be not release my man , Captain ? picard at he desk work , look up , make strong eye contact with he guest ... picard ( quietly ) I find the holoship . that stop ru'afo . he look at dougherty who realize some damage control will be necessary ... dougherty ru'afo , why do not you let the Captain and I ... ru'afo 's face be so tight it seem it 's go to break ... ru'afo no ! ... and it do -- a crack open up from he forehead to he chin and blood dribble out of it ... ru'afo ( cont 'd ) this entire mission have be one federation blunder after another . you will return my man or this alliance will end with the destruction of you ship . he exit . dougherty measure picard for a beat ... dougherty you be look well , jean-luc . rested . picard you " briar patch " turn out to be more hospitable than I expect . dougherty ( nod ) that 's why we put chromodynamic shield in place - so we people would not feel the effect from the metaphasic radiation ... picard ... or understand that they be participate in the outright theft of a world . ( beat ) I will not let you move they , Admiral . I will go to the federation Council ... dougherty I be act on order form the federation Council . picard ( react , beat ) how can there be a order to abandon the Prime directive ...? dougherty the Prime directive do not apply . this people be not indigenous to this world . they be never mean to be immortal . we will simply be restore they natural evolution . picard who be we to decide the next course of evolution for this people ? dougherty there be six hundred people down there . we will be able to use the regenerative property of this radiation to help billion . ( beat ) the son'a have develop a procedure to collect the metaphasic particle form the planet ring ... picard a planet in federation space ... dougherty right . we have the planet and they have the technology -- a technology we can not duplicate . you know what that make we ? they partner . picard we partner be nothing more than petty thug . dougherty ( dismiss that ) on Earth , petroleum once turn petty thug into world leader . warp drive transformed a bunch of romulan thug into a empire . we can handle the son'a , I be not worried about that ... picard someone probably say the same thing about the romulan a century ago . dougherty with metaphasics , lifespan will be double ... a entire new medical science will evolve ... ( beat ) I understand you Chief engineer have the use of he eye for the first time in he life ... would you take he sight away from he ? picard there be metaphasic particle all over the briar patch . why must this planet be ... dougherty ( interrupt ) the concentration in the ring be what make the whole damned thing work . do not ask I to explain it . I only know they inject something into the ring that start a thermolytic reaction . after it 's over , the planet will be unlivable for generation . picard delay the procedure . let my people look at the technology . dougherty we best scientific mind already have . we can not find any other way to do this . picard then the son'a can establish a separate colony on this planet until we do ... dougherty it would take ten year of normal exposure to begin to reverse they condition . some of they will not survive that long . besides , they do not want to live in the middle of the briar patch ... who would ? picard the ba'ku . picard and dougherty look at each other a long beat . picard we be betray the principle upon which the federation be found ... this be a attack on the very soul of the federation . ( beat ) this will destroy the ba'ku . just as culture have be destroy in every other force relocation throughout history . dougherty we be only move six hundred people , jean-luc . picard ( beat ) how many people would it take ... before it become wrong ? a thousand ? fifty thousand . a million ? dougherty have take this as far as he intend to . dougherty I be order you to the goren system . file whatever protest you wish to . by the time you do , this will be all do . ( move to exit ) I be also order the release of the Son 'a officer . he 's out . picard sit at he desk for a long beat ... 130 int . bridge 130 worf at conn , data at ops , riker at command ... they look up at picard as he come out of the ready room . picard prepare the ship for departure at oh-seven-hundred hour . riker aye , sir . data exchange a curious glance with riker as picard cross to the turbolift . before he get in , he turn and look at he bridge , imprint it on he mind . 131 int . picard quarter 131 as he enter , stand in the middle of the room a long beat , he table still cluttere with chart and padd ... 132 angle - closeup - he dresser 132 one pip be place on top , a second , third and fourth ... 133 int . son 'a body sculpture chamber - close on a tooth 133 ( optical ) as it 's implant into a very old man 's mouth and now , the old fellow have a mouthful of bright new tooth ... gallatin enter , move to -- 134 ru'afo - ( optical ) 134 sit , he head lock in position by a apparatus ... a female attendant actually give he a facelift in front of we eye ... the device stretch he face ever tighter , as she snip off skin by one ear with a laser in a bloodless surgery that heal he wound ... ru'afo gallatin ! so the righteous starfleet Captain finally release you . do you encounter any problem on the surface ? gallatin ( acknowledge ) no , sir . but it be not easy ... be among they ... ru'afo I be sure . just do not forget what they do to we . ( gallatin nod ) we will have they round up in a day or two ... we need not bother with the federation holo- ship any more . just get the hold cell ready . gallatin acknowledge , leave . to the attendant - ru'afo I be go to miss this little flesh - stretch session of ours , my dear . as she pull up he other ear ... 135 int . yacht cockpit - ( optical ) 135 picard , out of uniform , work a transporter and case of military supplies materialize on a load platform that will lower into the cargo hold of the yacht ... he study a translucent geological scan of the surface that we will hear more about later ... data ( o.c . ) re-rout the transport grid to avoid detection be wise , sir , but the transporter be rarely use after oh-two-hundred hour . picard turn to see data , troi , crusher , La Forge , worf and riker have enter the hatch . all but riker and geordi be out of uniform . troi take the Captain 's yacht out for a spin ? worf ( examine the cargo ) Seven metric ton of ultritium explosive , eight tetryon pulse launcher , ten isomagnetic disintegrator ... riker you must be plan on do some hunt . picard go back to you quarter ( no one move ) that 's a order . no one move . riker no uniform ? no order . geordi , with he normal eye , move forward ... LA forge how could I look at another sunrise , know what my sight cost this people , Captain ? picard look at they with appreciation . data I feel oblige to point out that the environmental anomaly may be stimulate certain rebellious instinct common to youth that could affect everyone 's judgment . except mine , of course . crusher okay , data , what do you think we should do ? data look to everyone , consider a beat ... pick up a phaser rifle ... activate it ... data saddle up . lock and load . the family united look to they Captain for instruction . picard look to they with deep affection . picard they will not begin the procedure while the planet be inhabit . so , we job be to keep the planet inhabit . he look at riker and La Forge , know that he first officer and chief engineer must stay with the ship . picard ( cont 'd ) go back and put a face on what 's happen here . make the Council see the ba'ku . it 's too easy to turn a blind eye to the suffer of a unfamiliar people . riker and La Forge acknowledge . picard take a extra moment to look , perhaps for the last time , into the eye of he first officer with affection ... picard there 's a short letter I leave you all , just some ... sentimental nonsense ... the computer will bring it to you attention at oh - four-hundred ... I would just as soon you delete it ... riker fat chance . I will post it on every monitor on the ship ... picard grin with nice embarrassment , then with a serious look to riker -- picard we will hold out as long as we can . riker understand they be count on he . picard hit a panel and the weapon sink into the yacht ... as the non-uniformed officer move to take they post , riker take troi in he arm , kiss she good - bye . the other react in surprise . data apparently the environmental anomaly be also stimulate ... worf shut he up with a hard look ... data get the message , sit in a cockpit chair and quietly begin to work ... 136 ext . space - the yacht - ( optical ) 136 fall away from the belly of the mother ship ... and after a beat , the thruster ignite and off they go ... 137 int . son 'a ship tactical room - ( optical ) 137 ru'afo watch a realistic simulation of a space procedure on a monitor ... a small but sophisticated injector assembly sailing into the planet 's ring begin to fire charge that start a thermolytic reaction ( we see only the early stage here ) ... gallatin enter with a padd ... ru'afo the injector perform perfectly in every simulation ... gallatin Sir , as the Enterprise leave orbit , one of they support craft go down to the surface . ( ru 'afo react , take the padd ) it appear to be the Captain 's yacht . five person on board . ru'afo we be not wait until morning ... take the shuttle and get everyone off the surface tonight . gallatin start to leave ... pause as -- ru'afo gallatin , if picard or any of he people interfere ... eliminate they . 138 ext . village - night - ( optical ) 138 on a door open ... as we hear a bell ringing ... the face of artim fill the screen ... he eye scared ... and as we reveal he point of view of the village , it 's a stun sight -- tournel pull on the warning bell in the square ... hundred of people move with urgency ... supplies be be pack onto the back of llama ... worf , data and troi be unpack the case of military supplies that have already be load from the ( unseen ) yacht ... picard be go over chart with anij and sojef near - by ... various BA 'ku ( ad lib ) what be it ? what 's go on ? what 's happen ? be something wrong ? tournel we be leave the village ... take only what you need . bring food ... we may not be back for day ... artim jump with a start as a slim , high - tech device on a stake suddenly light up like a Christmas tree beside he ... see data who just activate it ... data it be a transport inhibitor . it will help prevent Son 'a ship from beam anyone off the surface ... artim , overwhelm and still scared of the android , back away from data without respond and move toward he father . picard be show anij and sojef the translucent geo-scan we see on the yacht ... picard ... this be the vein of kelbonite run through the hill ... the more concentrate the deposit the more trouble they will have with they transporter ... we route will keep we close to this deposit as possible ... artim move beside he father , hold onto he ... picard ( cont 'd ) when we be force away by the terrain , we will use transport inhibitor to compensate . the mountain have the high concentration . once we be there , transport will be virtually impossible ... anij there be cave in that mountain . picard ( acknowledge ) we can hold they off a long time ... once we get there ... ( beat ) but they will not make it easy to get there ... worf and data move over ... data Captain , I have activate transport inhibitor around the village ... picard good . let 's begin to move this people out ... worf should I distribute phaser to the ba'ku , sir ...? picard no . we will be responsible for that , mister worf . they all react to the sound of thruster fly overhead ... they look up to see -- 139 p.o.v . - the night sky - ( optical ) 139 as Son 'a shuttlecraft roar overhead ... 140 int . son 'a shuttle - night 140 son'a officer # 1 transporter be not function . gallatin ( off sensor ) they be block the beam with some kind of inhibitor . we will have to locate and destroy they . 141 ext . field - wide night - ( optical ) 141 the mass of people cross the field .. the starfleet officer separate at interval among they , continue to encourage and assist they forward ... progress slow as they converge onto the narrow path lead into the hill ... 142 angle near the village - ( optical ) 142 with sojef and artim ... sojef do not try to carry too much ... we have get a long climb ahead of we ... suddenly , the ground shake with boom as the ship overhead fire a series of air to surface missile parallel to the path ahead ... voice raise in fear , parent grab they child , people begin to move more quickly , some drop what they be carry ... 143 omitted 143 & & 144 144 145 another son 'a ship - ( optical ) 145 fire at the surface ... we see the blast knock out ... 146 a transport inhibitor 146 that explode ... near - by -- 147 worf 147 react ... move to picard and anij guide people up the narrow path as the explosion continue ... worf we have lose a inhibitor ! there 's a gap in the field ... 148 ext . field - wide ( optical ) 148 as another wave of ship pass over , suddenly , with the move sound of ship above , people catch in the unprotect gap be sweep away on a path of dematerialization ... maybe fifty be just scoop away from the crowd ... and now people be really panic , scream , cry , push forward ... some scatter ... 149 artim - ( optical ) 149 be push , try to hang onto he father ... but as the ship continue to pass over and the dematerialization in the same gap continue , suddenly sojef be beam away ... artim my father ! his voice be lose in the cry of the scared people who surge even harder forward toward the protection of the next inhibitor and now the boy be thrust to the ground . as he fall , the little palm - pet slip out of he pocket ... artim desperately try to save he from be step on , finally snatch he in he hand . but now the crush of people threaten to trample the boy and it 's a reminder how scary it can be to be small . suddenly , a arm reach down and scoops he up ... and as we follow artim up , we can see it 's data who have rescue he ... they eye connect briefly as data carry he forward ... in the push crowd ... 150 angle - picard - ( optical ) 150 picard stay in the protect area ... we will be safe when we get into the hill ... the people file ahead up the path ... 151 int . son' tactical room 151 dougherty , gallatin and ru'afo study black and white aerial surveillance photograph of the ba'ku exodus up the foothills . dougherty be angry and embarrassed ... gallatin they be follow the kelbonite deposit ... use the interference to block we transporter ... ru'afo recommendation ? dougherty take I down . let I talk to picard . ru'afo talk ... we should send down a assault team and take they by force . dougherty that be not a acceptable option . if people get hurt , all the support we have in the federation ... ru'afo federation support , federation procedure , federation rule ... look in the mirror , Admiral ... the federation be old ... in the last twenty four month , it 's be challenge by every major power in the quadrant -- the borg , the cardassian , the Dominion ... they all smell the scent of death on the federation . that 's why you have embrace we offer ... because it will give you dear federation new life . well , how badly do you want it , Admiral ? because there be hard choice to be make now . if the Enterprise get through with news about they brave Captain 's valiant struggle on behalf of the defenseless ba'ku , you federation politician will waver , you federation opinion poll will open a public debate , you federation ally will want they say ... need I go on ? dougherty take a deep breath ... know ru'afo be right . gallatin hate the idea of a violent assault , give dougherty the other option he 's desperately seek -- gallatin there be a alternative to a all - out assault . isolinear tag would allow we transporter to lock on to they . ru'afo we would have to tag every one of they ... that would take time ... and we do not have it . the Enterprise be only nineteen hour from communication range with the federation ... dougherty I will order riker to turn around . ru'afo picard 's first officer . do you really believe he will listen ? ru'afo 's clearly lose faith in the Admiral 's ability to control the situation ... dougherty 's jaw tighten ... ru'afo my ship be capable of intercept the Enterprise before it reach the perimeter . I could send they to ... escort ... it back ... but Commander riker might not want to come ... and we slowly push into dougherty as he step across he self - impose moral line ... dougherty send you ship . dougherty try to digest the knot in he stomach ... 152 ext . planet surface - dawn ( matte / optical ) 152 deep into the foothills now ... much steeper terrain ... feel the power of the mountain near- by ... see the path below as hundred of ba'ku and dozen of llama wind they way up ... it 's almost biblical in scope with picard and mose lead the way ... 153 angle with data and artim - ( optical ) 153 they have be walk silently for some time ... artim struggle inside to reconcile what he 's be teach about machine and the experience he 's have with data ... artim my father tell I I should not talk to you . data I understand . artim I do not . they exchange a glance . artim sigh , troubled . artim not everyone here agree with he . I mean , you know , about machine . there be even a big fight about it once . ( beat ) do you like be a machine ? data ( consider ) I aspire to be more than I be . artim I know why . ( off data 's look ) so people like we will not be afraid of you any more . data ( a beat ) perhaps , that be true . the boy be obviously tired from mile of walk uphill ... artim do not you ever get tired ? data my power cell continually be - charge themselves . artim I can not imagine what it would be like to be a machine . data study he ... ( and it should be note that he response be a deliberate attempt to enlighten artim , give the child a new perspective on what it mean to be a android . ) data perhaps it would surprise you to know that I have often try to imagine what it would be like to be a child ... artim really ? data really . artim ( with fatigue ) for one thing , you leg be short than everyone else 's . data but they be in a constant state of growth . do you find it difficult to adapt ? ( off artim 's perplex look ) a child 's specification be never the same from one moment to the next . I be surprised that you do not ... trip over you own foot . artim sometimes I do . data my leg be eighty - seven-point - two centimeter . they be eighty - seven-point-two centimeter the day I be create . they will be eighty - seven-point - two centimeter the day I go off line . my operation depend on specification that do not change . ( beat ) I ... can not imagine ... the experience of grow up or even trip over my own foot ... artim be see the artificial lifeform in a whole new light now , which be exactly what data intend ... artim but you have never have adult tell you what to do all the time ... or bedtime ... or have to eat food you do not like ... data I would gladly accept the requirement of a bedtime in exchange for know what it be like to be a child . artim ( consider ) do machine ever play ? data I play the violin ... and my chess routine be quite advanced ... artim no , I mean ... he try to find a way to explain , get a idea -- poke he with a finger ... artim you be it . and he start to run away ... data I be what ? artim frown , stop ... artim chase I ! data for what purpose ? artim because you be it . and if you tag I ... then I be it . data but I can run much faster than you ... I be capable of exceed forty - seven meter per second ... artim ( sigh , walk back ) data ... have not you ever just play ... for fun ? data android ... do not have ... fun . artim why not ...? data ( beat ) no one 's ever ask I that before . artim if you want to know ' what it 's like to be a child ' , you need to learn how to play ... as data consider ... 154 with picard and anij 154 at point ... walk up a part of the trail protect by tower rock . worf approach from the rear ... ( note : we may notice more physical change in we people because of the regenerative process . for example , picard 's hair be darker and there actually seem to be a touch more of it grow than before ... worf 's hair be more straggly , unkempt ... ) picard ( not serious ) you need a haircut , Commander . worf accelerate hair growth be often experience by klingon during jak'tahla ... anij jak'tahla ? picard roughly translate : puberty ... although for a klingon that 's not do it justice ... ( to worf ) any severe mood swing , unusual aggressive tendency -- be sure to let I know right away ... worf the ba 'ku could use some rest , sir . accord to the geo-scan , this may be the safest area for the next few kilometer ... picard very well . we will take a hour . break out some ration ... worf acknowledge , signal and the column lumber to a halt ... people sit along the trail ... 155 around the bend - ( optical / matte ) 155 a spectacular view of the mountain ahead ... picard and anij move forward through some brush , lay on they stomach as picard use 24th century field glass to examine the path ahead ... anij right beyond that ridge be where the cave begin ... we can hide for day ... picard by now the son'a have scan the area and know that just as well as we do . she study he as he continue to survey the territory they must still cross ... on a whim , she reach out and run a finger across he bald head ... he look up , surprised ... anij ( smile ) it 's be three hundred year since I have see a bald man . he grin , study she ... they feel the sexual tension ... after a beat ... picard how be it a woman like you never marry ? and do not tell I you " just have not get around to it yet " ... anij what 's the rush ? picard ( beat ) I should warn you ... I have always be attract to older woman ... she look seriously at he , take he hand in hers , guide both hand to touch he cheek . 156 picard subjective Pov - ( optical ) 156 ... and in that moment , he perception and we view begin to move down she arm ... and we enter ... 157 a alter reality - ( optical ) 157 picard , and we , find ourselves in a heighten state of sensory perception -- time seem to be slow down to a crawl , sound be sharper ... we hear picard 's heart beat slowly with a booming percussion ... he follow she gaze to see yet another hum bird , hear its languid wing motion ... swirl dust from the mountain seem like a zipping scarf in a breeze that play in he ear like a natural flute ... he breath become more even as he relax into this alter state and he feel ... 158 her finger 158 gently touch the hair at the top of he chest , sense , even hearing , she fingertip against he flesh . 159 her lip 159 brush he cheek , he lip ... she tooth nip gently on he lower lip , tug it and then she lip press against he for a eternity ... 160 ext . space - the enterprise - ( optical ) 160 move at one - third impulse through the briar patch ... 161 int . bridge 161 riker at Command , perim at conn , La Forge at ops , nara at tactical , supernumeraries ... perim Commander , I be show two so n'a ship on a intercept course . riker how long ' till they reach we ? perim eighteen minute ... LA forge we be not go to be able to get a transmission out of here for at least another hour ... nara they be hail we . riker tell they we transceiver assembly be down , that we can send message but can not receive they . nara send the message ... a beat ... nara I do not think they believe we . riker why not ? boom ... a small explosion well off target ... the ship shake gently ... riker ( off sensor ) a photon torpedo . ( dry ) be not that the universal greeting when communication be down ? LA forge I think it 's the universal greeting when you do not like someone . another boom shake they slightly ... riker full impulse . LA forge the manifold can not handle full impulse in the patch , Commander . riker if we do not outrun they , the manifold be go to be the only thing leave of this ship . LA forge ( nod ) I will be in Engineering . La Forge exit . a supernumerary quickly replace he . riker all hand . Battle station ! 162 ext . trail - day 162 troi and have you notice how you boob have start to firm up ? crusher ( dry ) not that we care about such thing in this day and age . troi uh huh . data glance at they breast as he hand they plate ... crusher thank you , data . we stay with he as he take the tray to worf who look at the plate with disdain ... worf I have a odd craving for the blood of a live kolar beast . ( off data 's look ) the environment must be affect I again . data ( agree ) and have you notice how you boob have start to firm up ? ( worf react ) not that we care about such thing in this day and age . suddenly , the distant sound of approach thruster ... 163 angle - four son'a shuttle ( optical ) 163 come over the horizon ... worf ( hit combadge ) take cover ! 164 picard and anij 164 move back toward the other ... look up to see -- 165 son'a shuttle - ( optical ) 165 overhead , drop dozen of ... 166 flying drone - ( optical ) 166 the size of football with part rotate , blink , scan ... 167 ext . drone Pov - flying above the trail - ( optical ) 167 the ba 'ku scatter as drone fly over they ... 168 data and artim - ( optical ) 168 react , data fire at the drone as artim crawl behind a rock ... 169 picard and worf - ( optical ) 169 open fire with phaser destroy two , but the third fire a new kind of weapon hit -- 170 close on a ba'ku woman' back 170 as it 's tag with a tiny device fire from the drine ... 171 angle - the BA 'ku woman - ( optical ) 171 dematerialize ... a fraction of a beat later , picard blast the drine ... more people dematerialize as the drine attack continue ... worf isolinear tag . they transporter can lock onto they . picard we have to find shelter ... anij there 's a cavern at the base of the next hill ... picard ( signal to the other ) this way ! 172 various - ( optical ) 172 thru thru 175 175 on we principle provide cover fire as the ba'ku move quickly ahead ... more drone fly in , fire they tag , more ba'ku be hit and dematerialize ... we people fire repeat burst destroy several of they ... 176 with data and artim - ( optical ) 176 data a dangerous variation on you game of ' tag ' , artim . hurry we most definitely do not want to be ' it ' ... he blast a drine as they push ahead ... 177 ext . space - the enterprise - ( optical ) 177 exchange fire with the two Son 'a ship in pursuit , a trail of hot exhaust come from the Enterprise ... 178 int . bridge 178 seriously damage ... plasma leak , smoke ... nara shield at sixty percent ... ! LA forge's com voice Engineering to Bridge . we be burn deuterium down here ... 179 int . engineering 179 impulse engine smoking ... engineer spray coolant foam over they to keep the temperature from red-lining ... LA forge we be go to blow ourselves up ... we will not need any help from the son'a ... 180 int . bridge include viewscreen - ( optical ) 180 a huge nebula cluster up ahead ... riker what 's inside that nebula cluster ? perim cometary debris , pocket of unstable metreon gas ... we do not want to go in there , sir ... riker yes , we do . ( pat she shoulder ) you be relieved , ensign . take over at ops . he take the conn ... perim replace the officer at ops ... riker time to use " the briar patch " like b'rer rabbit do ... 181 ext . space - the enterprise - ( optical ) 181 make a hard turn and disappear into the cluster ... 182 ext . planet surface / trial - ( optical ) 182 the ba 'ku run for they life toward the mouth of a cavern , steam come up from the hot mineral water within it ... picard into the cavern ! move ! and we people continue to blast the swarm drone above but there be so many of they ... several ba 'ku be tag and disappear ... 183 with worf 183 as he phaser jam and he pick up a thin tree trunk and with klingon howl , swing it like a bat 'leth at the drone ... miss one but then connect with another and a second one knock they out of the park like hank Aaron ... glance to picard ... worf definitely feel aggressive tendency ... 184 angle with data and artim - ( optical ) 184 surround by ba'ku as they move quickly along a very steep trail , data fire at drone as they go ... suddenly just in front of they , a Son 'a assault team appear over the ridge ... three armed foot soldier ready to take prisoner ... data lunge , like a run back hit a defensive line and he power throw they back and they fall ... 185 off the cliff - ( optical ) 185 the long terrible fall beginning ... 186 data - ( optical ) 186 think fast , snatch a pass drine out of the air and aim it at ... 187 the three falling son 'a - ( optical ) 187 and as they be tag , they dematerialize in free-fall . 188 data 188 look down , satisfied , then crush the drine with he bare hand and provide more cover fire as the ba'ku move quickly to the cavern ... 189 ext . nebula - the enterprise - ( optical ) 189 Flying through dark matter cloud and stellar debris which light up as Son 'a torpedoe explode all around they ... suddenly there be a different kind of blast off the Enterprise 's stern -- a bright implosion , suck up everything around it , literally rip subspace apart as it cascade toward the ship ... 190 int . bridge 190 terribly rough ride ... nara Sir , they have detonate a isolytic burst ... a subspace tear be form ... riker on screen . 191 angle to include viewscreen - ( optical ) 191 as riker see the tear come at they ... perim I think subspace weapon be ban by the khitomer Accord ... riker remind I to lodge a protest ... LA forge's com voice Commander , we warp core be act like a magnet to the tear . 192 int . engineering 192 geordi on the move to a new control panel ... LA forge ( cont 'd ) we be pull it like a zipper across space ... riker's com voice option ? LA forge eject the core . intercut : 193 int . bridge - ( optical ) 193 as the viewscreen show the tear get closer ... riker will that stop the tear ? LA forge you get I , Commander . riker that 's you expert opinion ? LA forge detonate the warp core might neutralize the cascade ... but then again it might not . subspace weapon be unpredictable . that 's why they be ban . nara the tear be close on we ... impact in fifteen second ... riker eject the core . LA forge I just do . nara Impact in ten second ... riker detonate ! 194 int . engineering - geordi 194 press the panel to detonate and ... 195 ext . nebula - the subspace tear ( optical ) 195 rip toward the Enterprise as the eject warp core explode . the subspace disruption that follow -- 196 int . engineering 196 throw everybody down . console explode ... 197 int . bridge - continuous 197 panel be blow off , fire break out , light fail , people throw to the ground . as it subside , riker crawl back to conn ... nara it work , Commander ... the tear 's be seal ... 198 int . engineering 198 LA forge there 's nothing to stop they from do it again ... and we be fresh out of warp core ... 199 int . bridge 199 perim we be still thirty - six minute from transmission range , sir . riker ( nod , decide ) we be through run from this bastard . 200 int . hydrothermal cavern - day 200 a large , steamy , wet environment ... pool of mineral water drizzle along the floor ... the ba'ku and they llama slosh through the mud , seek some kind of comfortable place to rest ... 201 angle - toward the entrance - ( optical ) 201 where a forcefield have be establish across the mouth of the cave ... the drone try to get in and be block ; they hover menacingly outside ... data move to picard from the interior of the cave ... picard ( to data ) how many ? data another forty - three people report take , sir ... picard frown , sigh , take in they new surroundings ... suddenly , the cavern be shake by the sound of overhead explosion ... reaction , fearful murmur , skittish llama ... 202 on artim 202 sit with other ba'ku ... they look up at the frightening sound ... sand drift dangerously from the ceiling ... 203 close on artim' pocket 203 the palm - pet crawl out ... 204 ext . foothills - continuous ( optical ) 204 as the son'a shuttle fly over fire torpedoe , explosion across the terrain ... 205 int . hydrothermal cavern 205 as picard et al react to the aerial assault ... ground continually shudder ... picard and worf exchange a grim look ... worf they be try to force we out so they drone can tag we ... picard nod , agree . as dust fall from the ceiling and the blast continue to rock they ... data study he tricorder ... data with all the hydrothermal vent in the substrata , the structural integrity of this cavern be not go to hold for long , Captain ... picard glance out at a half - dozen drone hover outside ... picard be there any other way out of here ? anij shake she head , grim ... data track the water flow may reveal another potential exit ... as they use tricorder to follow the water flow deeper into the cavern ... 206 new angle - narrower portion of the cave - ( optical ) 206 as the flow of water disappear under a wall ... the air assault continue ... data ( off tricorder ) I be show fresh air ( tech better ) behind this calcite formation , Captain ... picard will the structure hold if we blast through ? data ( examine wall with tricorder ) I believe it be safe , sir . use they phaser , they blast the wall away , crawl through the new hole -- 207 ext . second exit - continuous ( matte / optical ) 207 as they come out and turn to see several path up to rocky mountain not far away , distant cave opening in view ... picard spread out as far as you can ... get everyone into that cave , set up forcefield once you be inside ... with renew optimism , they go to gather up the ba'ku ... 208 ext . nebula - the enterprise - ( optical ) 208 come about ... 209 int . bridge - angle to include viewscreen - ( optical ) 209 riker at conn as mess up as we have ever see he , he face a study in determination . the bridge be barely functional . pocket of colorful gas be visible on the screen . riker geordi , be that pocket of metreon gas ...? 210 int . engineering 210 off a okudagram -- LA forge aye , sir . highly volatile ... I recommend we keep we distance ... riker's com voice negative . I want to use the ramscoop to collect as much of it as we can ... LA forge the purpose be ...? 211 int . bridge 211 riker the purpose be I intend to shove it down the son'a 's throat . nara Commander , if one of they weapon hit that gas ... riker it 's we only way out of here , mister nara . 212 int . engineering 212 as geordi go to work , nod with admiration ... LA forge I would not be surprised if history remember this as the riker maneuver ... riker's com voice if it work you mean . LA forge even if it do not , they will be teach kid as the Academy not to do this for year to come . 213 ext . nebula - close on the ramscoop - ( optical ) 213 as it begin to sweep up the gas ... compress they into a critical mass ... 214 int . bridge - include the viewscreen ( optical ) 214 LA forge's com voice Bridge , storage cell be at maximum capacity -- five thousand cubic meter of metreon gas ... riker Computer , access manual steering column . in a instant , a joystick pop up from the control . he grab the stick ... a computer gamester 's dream ... riker transfer helm control to manual . the computer bleep . as the fog clear , we can see on the screen that we be close fast on the Son 'a ship ... perim they be power they forward weapon array . riker blow out the ramscoop . stand by full thruster . LA forge's com voice ramscoop release ! riker hit panel and the ship lurch ... 215 ext . nebula - the enterprise - ( optical ) 215 turn away as the Son 'a ship fire and wham , the gas erupt ... the Enterprise careen away out of control as the son'a ship be hit by the explosion 's full force . both catch seriously on fire . after a beat , one explode into bit ... the other one sit there , helplessly on fire ... 216 int . hydrothermal cave - ( optical ) 216 the aerial assault continue as people file out the new exit ... sand drift dangerously from the ceiling ass the bomb shake the cavern ... data look at a tricorder ... move to picard . just outside the new exit , a series of plasma blast be fire from a nearby hill ... worf up there ! he point to a small squadron of Son 'a that have spot they ... picard data , troi ... keep this people move . worf , with I ... they arm themselves , worf take a new bazooka- like weapon , a isomagnetic disintegrator , and they move out ... 217 ext . cavern ( second exit ) - ( optical ) 217 worf and picard provide cover as data and troi lead more people toward the mountain ... worf fire he disintegrator ... 218 the son'a assault team - ( optical ) 218 be blow back as it connect ... one of the wounded fall , slide a long way down the hill , landing near the cave ... 219 crusher 219 scan the unconscious son'a with a tricorder . her eye react as she see something else on the tricorder ... this be impossible , she check again . crusher Captain ... picard move over cautiously ... picard will he live ? crusher yes . but look at this medscan ... he look at the tricorder , react incredulously ... picard how could this be possible ? she shake she head , look back to the cavern entrance where anij and tournel be assist the last ba 'ku out of the cave ... crusher maybe we should ask they . data and troi return to lead the last group out of the cave ... 220 hydothermal cavern 220 artim be among a dozen of so of the ba'ku wait to be take ... he reach into he pocket for he palm - pet , can not find it ... he react ... he move into the main cavern away from the other ... a beat later , anij and tournel ready the group ... anij be that everyone ? ba'ku woman ( look for ) the boy ... they check the immediate vicinity ... no artim ... anij wait here . she move toward the main cavern ... 221 with artim 221 back in the corner where he find the rifle , find he pet crawl slowly on the floor ... anij artim ! what be you do ? she do not bother wait for a answer ... just grab he and pull he along with she in a hurry ... 222 at the ( second ) entrance 222 picard , worf , data , troi and crusher arrive ... tournel anij go to find artim ... anij ( o.c . ) I have get he . at the sound of she voice , picard move toward the main cavern ... 223 angle - into the cavern 223 and we see anij and artim maybe thirty yard away from picard ... run now ... come this way ... suddenly , wham ... a rocket hit the mountainside and the ground shudder ... and the ceiling start to collapse ... and ... 224 picard eye 224 connect with ... 225 anij' eye 225 for a instant ... 226 wide 226 picard reach out for she ... just as the whole thing come down on both of they ... picard throw artim out of the cave just in front of the collapse into the arm of ... 227 data 227 who pull he safely away from the collapse ... the starfleet officer move back to examine the collapse mouth of the cave ... artim anij ! data ( to artim ) tournel will take you the rest of the way ... artim no ... I want to stay with you ... data it be safer there . I will join you shortly . artim reluctantly go and the last people cross the divide with tournel . overlap the above dialogue -- worf ( press combadge ) worf to picard . no response . crusher ( off tricorder ) two life sign ... one extremely faint ... troi ( off tricorder ) there be almost four metric ton of rock block we way ... she aim a phaser at the rock , but worf stop she ... worf that might cause another cave - in . they have no choice ... they start digging furiously ... data pick up rock that no human could lift ... worf refuse to surrender to he own physical limitation ... beverly and troi do the best they can ... tournel take the last child across the divide ... 228 int . hydrothermal cavern 228 almost pitch black ... find picard under rubble , he face cut , daze , shaking himself back to consciousness ... hoarsely cry out for ... picard anij ... he grope around for she ... worf com voice worf to picard ... picard yes ... yes , I ... can hear you ... worf com voice we be try to get to you , sir ... picard begin to crawl around in the darkness and finally come to motionless body of anij ... picard anij . she barely open she eye ... picard look to see if he still have he tricorder ; he do ... he train it on she ... the read be not good ... picard help be come . she look at he and try to smile , but it 's too much ... and she eye close ... and the tricorder tell picard she 's on the edge of death ... picard worf , you must hurry ... worf com voice we be come as fast as we can ... we can not risk use phaser ... picard I understand . tell Doctor crusher to have a hypospray of lectrazine ready ... crusher' com voice how bad be she , Captain ...? picard ( beat ) I be lose she . crusher' com voice we be come . picard take anij 's hand and hold it to he own cheek ... picard stay with I ... do not let go of this moment , anij ... help I find the power to make you live in this moment ... just one more moment ... and then one more after that ... and one more after that . her eye weakly open one last time and look at he ... and as they eye connect ... once again ... 229 he Pov ( optical ) 229 as he consciousness move down she arm and as the bond be form ... he experience -- 230 a alter reality - ( optical ) 230 with heighten sense again as time seem to slow down , she eyelid thumping slowly louder and louder ... and as they hold the moment the cavern seem to light up with the metaphysical energy they be emanate ... and it 's like picard have throw she a mystical lifeline to hold onto ... he eye be she eye as life seep into they ... the moment seem to last forever ... she smile gently and finally sunlight crack into the cavern as data and worf break through ... crusher crawl in and use the hypospray a anij 's neck ... measure she lifesign with the tricorder , smile at picard ... crusher she 's stabilize . picard be it safe to move she ? crusher safer than leave she here . picard kneel and pick she up in he arm ... anij look weakly at he ... anij and you think it would take century to learn . he smile with affection at she ... and they all exit ... 231 ext . hydrothermal cavern ( entrance # 2 ) - day 231 as beverly , worf , troi , data and picard , carry anij , come out to cross the divide ... and they stop dead in they track ... as they see -- 232 five drone hovering - ( optical ) 232 menacingly between they and the safety of the mountain cavern ... and as we intercut between the drone and 233 the face of our heroe 233 we understand a classic showdown be imminent ... a o.k. corral moment ... and all this happen very fast : we people stand shoulder to shoulder each a yard apart ... picard gently lower anij to the ground ... worf toss he a spare phaser rifle ... as he catch it ... 234 the drone - ( optical ) 234 open fire ... 235 various - ( optical ) 235 thru thru 238 238 we people react ... move , duck and roll , tag just miss they , as they fire back ... only picard stand motionless on one knee protect anij ... one , two , three , four drone be destroy but the fifth fire , tagging anij ... picard instantly reach for she tag , but then he feel the sting of ... 239 close - a tag 239 on the side of he jacket ; he reach to pull it off but it 's too late ... 240 picard and anij - ( optical ) 240 dematerialize together ... 241 ext . space - ru'afo' ship - ( optical ) 241 in orbit of the ba'ku planet ... 242 int . son 'a brig - dougherty 242 escort by gallatin , enter a cavernous brig fill with ba'ku , perhaps as many as eighty of they ... he eye look for -- 243 angle - picard 243 stroking anij 's hair as she lie weakly next to he and sojef . a beat as he lock eye with dougherty . dougherty order they to surrender , and I promise you will not be court - martial . picard if a court - martial be the only way to tell the people of the federation what happen here , then I welcome it . ru'afo enter , control rage , hand a padd to dougherty . ru'afo the Enterprise have destroy one of my ship . the other be on fire , request assistance . a beat . picard react as dougherty study the padd . picard ( to dougherty ) the Enterprise would only fire if it be defend itself . ru'afo must have order the attack . ( beat ) I can not believe he would have give that order without you consent , Admiral . dougherty maintain eye contact but have completely lose he dignity ... picard I wonder ... which one of we will be face that court-martial ... dougherty ( to ru'afo ) there 's nothing further to be gain from this ... ru'afo you be right . this be go to end now . ( to picard ) the ba 'ku want to stay on the planet . let they . I be go to launch the injector ... gallatin 's face react to that ... picard see he sharp displeasure and then for a instant they eye meet . gallatin look away , but picard register the information . dougherty you be not go to launch anything until ... ru'afo in six hour , every live thing in this system will be dead or die . he start to exit ... picard you would kill you own people , ru'afo ? you own parent , you brother , sister ... ( off dougherty 's look ) do not you know , Admiral ? the ba 'ku and the son'a be the same race . dougherty , confuse , look to ru'afo ... who do not look back ... sojef stand and come forward ... to ru'afo -- sojef which one be you ? gal'na ... ro'tin ... belath'nin ... I be sorry , I do not recognize you ... ru'afo that name , that child be go forever . dougherty what be he talk about ? sojef a century ago , a group of we young people want to follow the way of the offlander . they try to take over the colony ... and when they fail ... ru'afo when we fail , you exile we . to die slowly . anij gather the strength to look at he ... anij you be ro'tin , be not you ...? there 's something in the voice . ( to gallatin ) would you be he friend gal 'na ? ( gallatin look away ) I help you mother bathe you when you be a child . she still speak of you . picard ( to dougherty ) you have bring the federation into the middle of a blood feud , Admiral . the child have return to expel they elder ... just as they be once expell . except ru'afo 's need for revenge have now escalate to parricide . ru'afo exit . gallatin look at sojef and then follow . dougherty be a lose man , realize he tragic error . dougherty it be for the federation . it be all for the federation . picard offer no sympathy ... dougherty turn and exit ... 244 int . son'a body sculpture chamber - ( optical ) 244 desert as ru'afo enter , he face full of tension ... he move to a device that bombard he face with pulsate green energy , try to relax ... dougherty enter ... dougherty we be take this ship out of here ... this mission be over ... ru'afo it be not over . dougherty it be over . ru'afo move away from the device and grab dougherty roughly ... move he across the room ... ru'afo I do not take order from you . dougherty if you begin the procedure while the planet be still populate , the federation will pursue you until ... ru'afo , more powerful than dougherty , throw he down into one of the treatment chair ... ru'afo the federation ... he lock dougherty 's head into the device ... switch several panel ... the device light up ominously ... ru'afo ( cont 'd ) ... will never know what happen here . he hit a switch and begin to raise dougherty 's ear in the facelift procedure we see before ... dougherty struggle but ru'afo hold he down ... as the Admiral 's twist and morph into a grotesque facelift that finally strangle he to death . 245 int . son'a bridge 245 ru'afo enter ... gallatin and officer on duty ... ru'afo Admiral dougherty will not be join we for diner . deploy the collector . ( gallatin hesitates ) do you have a problem with that order ? gallatin May I talk to you alone ? ru'afo ( to another officer ) deploy the collector . the officer comply . gallatin move they be one thing . killing they all ... ru'afo no one hate they more than you , gal'na . ( beat , intimately ) we have come a long way together . this be the moment we have plan for so many year ... gallatin look at he friend , he commander ... ru'afo pat he encouragingly on the shoulder ... ru'afo Separate the starfleet personnel and secure they in the aft cargo hold ... see that picard join they ... gallatin the shield in that section will not protect they against the thermolytic reaction ... ru'afo thank - you for remind I . he sit in he command seat and watch he viewscreen ... 246 angle include screen - the son'a science vessel - 246 ( optical ) as huge hatches open and the particle collector that will capture the metaphasic radiation from the ring slowly extend out in both direction . after a beat , gallatin exit ... push in to ru'afo ... 247 int . collector - ( optical ) 247 a astrodome-sized chamber full of weird crisscross pattern of pipe , conduit , cable , and rail -- all of they stretch slow outward as the collector expands . 248 ext . space - brilliant solar sail 248 begin to unfurl majestically in front of the planet 's ring ... and now we recognize it as the remarkable device we see earlier in ru'afo 's simulation . 249 int . son 'a brig - ( optical ) 249 picard have climb the rear wall with help from two ba'ku , examine the forcefield generator in the ceiling . anij ( a warning ) jean-luc ... gallatin arrive ... armed with a hand weapon . aiming it at picard , he turn off the forcefield ... gallatin come with I . picard measure he for a moment then come out , smile ' do not worry ' to anij ... gallatin restore the field and motion for picard to exit ... 250 int . son'a corridor 250 walk to a turbolift ... unusually cordial consider the circumstance -- picard it must have be very strange for you . ( off he look ) when you be a hostage . be among the friend and family you know so many year ago . all of they look exactly as they do . almost like ... look through the eye of childhood again . gallatin press a panel at the lift ... picard fix he eye on he , evenly -- picard and here you be try to close that eye again ... to pretend you can not see what the bitterness have do to you people ... what it 's do to ru'afo ... and to you ( beat ) it 's turn you ... into a coward . ( off he reaction ) a man who ignore he conscience . the turbolift arrive ... gallatin get in . picard enter ... 251 int . turbolift - continuous 251 picard a coward ... without the moral courage to stop a unspeakable atrocity . you offend I . gallatin ( incredulous ) be this how a federation officer beg for he life ? picard I be not begging for my life . I be begging for yours . ( beat ) there be still a way home , gal'na . gallatin look at picard a long , miserable beat , then ... gallatin Computer , close turbolift door . the door close . gallatin lower he weapon . gallatin what you be ask I to do ... be impossible ... the crew be loyal to ru'afo ... picard do you know how to disable the injector ? gallatin ( nod ) but I would need at least three minute on the bridge . picard if we could lure he away from the bridge ... gallatin ( shaking he head ) it do not matter where he be . as soon as he realize something be happen , he will override my command with one word at he com - link ... picard ( beat , a idea ) what if he do not realize something 's happen ... ( gallatin react , confuse ) can you get I to a transmitter ? I have to speak with worf and data on the surface ... we will need they help ... as gallatin acknowledge , still uncertain what picard 's up to ... gallatin deck twelve . 252 ext . space - the collector - ( optical ) 252 sail fully extend now ... 253 int . son 'a bridge - ( optical ) 253 ru'afo initiate launch sequence . son'a officer # 2 activate injector assembly . son'a officer # 3 Launch in ( tech ) minute . establish a digital display near ru'afo 's command post that show ( time tech ) count down . ru'afo be calm , determine . suddenly a tiny boom . reaction . son'a officer # 3 a small craft be come up from the surface . it 's fire tachyon burst at we ... ru'afo on screen . on the screen , the Captain 's yacht approach , fire ... son'a officer # 3 one person aboard . it 's the android . ru'afo dismiss the puny attack ... ru'afo he 's no threat . 254 ext . space - the yacht - ( optical ) 254 fire at the Son 'a ship ... the solar collector continue to power up in the background ... 255 int . yacht cockpit 255 data be alone ... press the companel ... data data to picard ... picard com voice yes , data ... 256 int . son'a ship electrical conduit - picard 256 crawl through the narrow passage behind gallatin ... data' com voice Sir , they be ignore my attack . picard keep fire tachyon burst into they shield grid . be worf in position ...? 257 int . yacht - ( optical ) 257 data yes , sir . he 's ready for simultaneous transport . picard com voice we will be at the bridge in two minute ... picard out ... data move the ship into a attack posture , diving at the larger vessel see in the window ... fire ... 258 omitted 258 259 int . son 'a bridge - ( optical ) 259 the collector on the viewscreen ... son'a officer # 3 detonation in three minute . son'a officer # 2 Sir , the federation ship be create a disruption in we shield ... if they go out of phase , it will increase we exposure to the thermolytic reaction ... ru'afo ( beat , irritate ) very well . destroy that ship and reset we shield harmonics ... do not delay the countdown ... 260 ext . space - the yacht - ( optical ) 260 be hit by a concentrate burst of fire from the so n'a ship ... it go spin out of control ... 261 int . yacht 261 data try to control the yacht . he 's hit again ... he whole console be smoking ... data ( off console ) data to picard . they be rotate the shield harmonics . I be attempt to return to the surface ... 262 int . son 'a bridge - ( optical ) 262 son'a officer # 3 the federation ship have be disabled . son'a officer # 2 Launch in thirty second . suddenly , there be a extend optical flash ( note : long enough to cover a brief transporter effect ) . reaction . ru'afo what be that ? son'a officer # 3 I do not know . ( the effect end ) system do not seem affect ... son'a officer # 2 Launch in fifteen second . see the digital countdown display at 00:15 . 263 angle to include viewscreen - ( optical ) 263 to see the collector with its sail fully extend ... son'a officer # 2 ten second . a tiny section of the collector be launch toward the ring ... son'a officer # 2 injector assembly launch . as it enter , it begin to disperse charge that set off a chain reaction in the ring system ... the very nature of the ring change before we eye , and flume of particulate matter scatter away . the process continue racing along the ring ... all of this be see on the viewscreen ... 264 close on ru'afo 264 he watch mesmerize , he vengeance finally satisfied . ru'afo exactly as the simulation predict ... son'a officer # 2 Sir , I be not show any change in metaphasic flux level ... 265 wider - ( optical ) 265 ru'afo you scanner must be malfunction . son'a officer # 2 ( off console , puzzle ) all ship function be off-line . ru'afo react , turn to a station and press panel ... ru'afo how can there be no ship function if the viewscreen be work , artificial gravity be stable , life support be ... but he eye catch something . he move across the bridge to a small visual gap where a holo-grid be visible ... he eye react with horror ... he reach out , touch it ... ru'afo a holodeck ? he take out a disruptor and fire it at the wall revealing a further portion of the holo -grid in the same effect we see earlier with picard and data ... ru'afo a holodeck ? he fire again and again ... revealing more of the grid ... he repeat blast eventually reveal a short flight of stair ... he lead the way up they ... 266 int . holo - ship bridge - ( optical ) 266 barely more than a cockpit with a large window into space -- as they enter , ru'afo react as he see the ring be normal ... he own ship be right there in front of he ... ru'afo ( stunne , realize ) we be transport to the holo - ship when we reset we shield . everything we see ... be a illusion . ( hit he com -link ) ru'afo , authorization delta two - one ... override all interlink command to injector assembly one . he stand there , but he com-link respond simply ... son'a computer unable to comply . injector assembly one have be de - activate . on he reaction ... 267 int . son 'a bridge - ( optical ) 267 where picard , worf and gallatin be firmly in command ... see the real countdown display have be freeze at 2:12 . worf all injector sub-system be confirm off-line . picard decloak the holo-ship and engage a tractor beam , mister worf . as worf press panel and the holo-ship decloak on the viewscreen , picard press a companel ... picard picard to data . 268 int . yacht cockpit - ( optical ) 268 as the ship re-enter the planet 's atmosphere , shaking badly , heating up ... a piece of the roof break off ... picard com voice you status ? data precarious , sir ... I be have trouble re-enter the atmosphere ... I believe I will have to transport to the surface ... data be heating up and turn red just as the rest of the ship be . picard com voice understood . well do . data thank - you , sir . he dematerialize . a beat later , the yacht disintegrate in the atmosphere . 269 int . holo - ship cockpit 269 ru'afo be frustrated ... ru'afo this ship be equip with fourteen long range transporter ... be they all useless ...? son'a officer # 2 ( work the console ) they must have be lock and secure after we be beam here . ru'afo isolate one and re-route its command sequence through the auxiliary processor ... son'a officer # 3 Sir , there 's nothing we can do ... they already have control of we ship . ru'afo I do not plan on go back to we ship . 270 ext . space - briar patch - the enterprise ( optical ) 270 on it 's way back ... 271 int . enterprise bridge 271 riker at Command , La Forge at ops , perim at conn , nara at tactical . Basic repair have be do , but the bridge still show sign of the battle . nara Sir , we be within sensor range of the son'a ship . I be pick up Captain picard 's com-signal on board ... off riker 's reaction ... 272 int . son'a bridge 272 riker's com voice Enterprise to picard ... picard ( react ) number one . riker's com voice we should be at you position in seven minute . do you need assistance ... picard negative . do you succeed ? 273 int . enterprise bridge 273 riker the Council have order a halt to the ba'ku relocation while they conduct a top-level review . 274 int . son'a bridge 274 picard top level review , my ass . there will be no cover - up of this . not after I get ... worf Captain ... he motion to the digital display ... count backwards at 2:05 now ... picard react ... gallatin work the control ... gallatin the countdown control have be transfer to the collector ... I can not override ... picard scan for lifesign . worf one . it 's ru'afo . picard can you beam he off ? worf negative . he 's establish a security field around the control room ... picard be there any other way to disable the injector ? gallatin think , then call up ... 275 angle ( optical ) - computer display showing the 275 injector assembly isolate the section that we see launch into the ring in the simulation ... gallatin we would have to remove the ignition matrix directly from the injector assembly ... but in less than two minute , that injector be go to be launch into the ring ... 276 omitted 276 277 resume 277 worf Sir , I volunteer to ... picard move toward a transporter station , start to remove he jacket ... picard denied , Commander . I have no intention of inform you bride that you be not come home ... the countdown be at 1:41 ... 278 int . collector - ( optical ) 278 the weird cavernous room be leave with a skeleton of structure element now that all the sail be fully unfurl ... it almost remind of the support foe a old - time roller coaster -- a cobweb of crisscross pipe , and conduit and plank ... 279 ru'afo - ( optical ) 279 in a control area safely remove from the injector , work control ... the digital display move back from 1:35 ... he do not immediately see -- 280 angle - picard - ( optical ) 280 materializing ... near the injector . this be not a area build for manned operation ... so picard have to make do with the structural element ... he 's be beam to a platform a few yard from the injector ... and now he have to crawl across what be essentially a plank on he back ... under the injector assembly ... 281 angle ( optical ) - looking down on picard 281 move across the plank ... the dark recess of the vast chamber below he ... he slide into the assembly 's grill , with many open space ... 282 angle favoring he Pov - the ignition matrix - ( optical ) 282 where another digital display show the countdown at 1:19 ... he take a son'a tool out of a pouch on he costume ... go to work , still lie on he back ... he insert the tool and remove the panel cover to expose the interior of the ignition matrix ... 283 with ru'afo ( optical ) 283 as a alarm go off on he console ... he react ... switch off the forcefield and go out to look up at -- 284 he Pov - picard ( optical ) 284 work on the injector ... 285 wide - ( optical ) 285 as ru'afo climb toward picard ... 286 picard 286 know he 's run out of time now ... he work on remove a interior safety screen that shield the component ... it finally slip off and fall , clanging as it hit structural element below ... the countdown hit 1:09 ... 287 ru'afo - ( optical ) 287 climb ... 288 picard - ( optical ) 288 reach in to pull out the ignition matrix but a small forcefield block he hand ... he frown ... examine the security sensor , begin to disconnect they ... 289 ru'afo ( optical ) 289 start to cross a plank toward picard ... they eye connect ... 290 on the injector' grill - ( optical ) 290 picard succeed in defeat the security system ... the forcefield fritzes off ... the countdown at :47 ... he reach for the component but ru'afo get there first ... lunge at picard , second before he can complete he task . they grapple across the grill and picard slip through one of the opening ... 291 angle emphasizing the fall - ( optical ) 291 ... picard barely catch himself by grab on to the grill ... 292 ru'afo 292 scramble onto the assembly , reach picard and start to uncurl ... 293 picard finger 293 hold onto the grill ... try to force he to let go ... 294 picard - ( optical ) 294 grimace , look to see : 295 the digital display hit :20 295 296 resume - ( optical ) 296 the ignition matrix engage and the nitrogen flow that follow throw ru'afo slightly off-balance ... picard know it 's now or never , release one hand and grab ru'afo by the neck and yank he head down hard against the grill , stun he ... picard pull himself up and move quickly into the blind nitrogen toward the detonation circuit again ... he literally disappear for a brief second ... as ru'afo come back at he again ... the countdown at : 10 ... ru 'afo pull he away from the control ... :05 ... picard leap for the plank he crawle over on ... ru 'afo look at ... 297 he Pov - the detonation circuit 297 and it 's go ! 298 ru'afo 298 react ... look at ... 299 picard 299 on the plank who hold up the circuit for he to see ... picard look for this ? 300 the digital display - 0:00 300 301 two shot : picard and ru'afo - ( optical ) 301 perhaps no more than a foot apart ... but a instant later , ru'afo slide away with the injector as it 's launch ... a protective forcefield zap into place as it enter space ... picard watch as it move toward the ring ... 302 ext . collector - continuous ( optical ) 302 as we see in the simulation , the injector continue to move toward the ring ... 303 int . injector - angle through the forcefield - ( optical ) 303 to see the ring get closer and closer ... and as we burst into they ... the bright colorful metaphasic dust and gas swirl around we like a hurricane ... 304 ru'afo - ( optical ) 304 begin to change ... grow young and young ... face - lift fall into middle - age ... then take on the ba'ku facial skin pattern as he reach young adulthood ... then adolescence ... then childhood . White out . 305 ext . village - day 305 the ba 'ku return from the hill ... troi wave from a distance ... and we move to see riker , stand with worf ( back in uniform ) , wave back ... worf have I mention the unanticipate reward I have discover in a permanent relationship ...? riker ' permanent ' ... that sound like a long time , worf . worf ( with irony ) life be short , Commander . worf leave riker to think about that ... and as we move away with he , he take we to gallatin watch the child play tag in the high grass with a personal long . 306 angle to see picard , anij and sojef - ( optical ) 306 walk slowly observe gallatin . anij be almost fully recover . picard be back in uniform . sojef I wish there be a way to bring they back home . picard ask they . sojef I be afraid there 's too much bitterness ... on both side . they pause as they notice crusher escort a young ba'ku woman ... return from the mountain ... she try to recognize gallatin ... we be too far away to hear what be say ... but the woman embrace gallatin as a mother embrace a lose son ... and crusher look over and smile to picard ... before she leave the couple alone ... anij look to picard , realize -- anij mother and son . you arrange this ...? picard I think it might begin the heal process . sojef consider picard , shake he hand with a unstate but deep appreciation for all that this offlander have do . he move away to join gallatin and he mother . anij look to picard with love . anij what be I go to do without you ? picard react , slightly surprised that she have anticipate that he have to go . picard this be perilous time for the federation . I can not abandon it to people who would threaten everything I have spend a lifetime defend . picard ( cont 'd ) I be go back to Earth to ... slow thing down ... at the federation Council . she nod , she know ... picard but I have three hundred and eighteen day of vacation time come . I plan on use they . anij I will be here . worf move over ... worf Captain , the ticonderoga have move into orbit . quark voice worf ! they turn to see a ferengi ( quark ) approach in a bathing suit with a beach umbrella and two barely dress dabo girl ... worf what be you do here , quark ? quark the same thing everyone else in the quadrant be go to be do here ... as soon as I build the great spa in the galaxy ... ( sotto ) ... this people do not have any religious thing about casinos do they ...? picard there be not go to be any spas on this planet . quark do I know you ? picard ( ignore the question ) this world be about to become a federation protectorate , which will end any and all attempt at exploitation by people like you . quark explain to I how five thousand time - share unit ... right there along the lake ... would be ' exploit ' anyone . picard mister worf , have this uninvite ... offlander and he quest beam to the Enterprise . we will deposit they at deep Space nine . worf must you , sir ? worf take quark away by the scruff of he beach shirt ... he disappointed babe follow ... trail away -- quark you will hear from my nagus . they be go . anij do you really think you mighty federation would be interested in protect six hundred people ? picard the " mighty " federation could learn a few thing from this village ... he kiss she . the signature hum bird appear , sweeping up in the breeze and hover briefly in front of they ... and as he take she hand to he cheek ... 307 the humming bird ( optical ) 307 slow ... its wing movement become more fluid and gentle ... as the moment extend ... 308 angle on troi , crusher , worf , LA forge and riker 308 prepare to transport ... LA forge where 's data ? 309 angle - the high grass 309 a shot like we open shot ... except the head that peek through the grass this time be data 's ... and as we widen , we see he have take artim 's earlier advice and be play tag with all the kid ... crusher ( call ) data ! it 's time to go ! data stand up straight as he hear the voice , look at artim a long beat ... and this be a kid 's moment , underplay the sentiment the way kid would ... data I have to go home now . artim bye . data nod ... data bye . artim smile as data join the other ... artim do not forget -- you have get to play a little bit every day . data acknowledge ... riker good advice . riker take troi 's hand suggest perhaps a new permanent commitment . picard move to join the other , press he combadge . picard Enterprise ... seven to beam up . energize . picard exchange a final look with anij as they dematerialize . 310 ext . space - the enterprise - ( optical ) 310 leave orbit and as it move into space ... fade out . the end geovisit ( ) ;