Star Trek : the motion picture screenplay by : gene roddenberry & harold livingstone Story by : alan dean foster & gene roddenberry shoot script July 19 , 1978 fade in : 1 ext space ( S ) 1 a ever expand infinity of light and color as camera travel through deep space , moving directly for one pinpoint of light : a STAR growing rapidly as we sweep toward it , a normal white star suddenly changing , brighten , flaring unbelievable intensity : supernova . the camera hold just a moment , then move on , search - ing through space , the jewele beauty of other star system , sparkling nebulae , swirl hydrogen cloud . still moving , then camera find : 2 ext . area of luminescence ( S ) 2 in the far distance , slowly grow in size as camera approach : it resemble , vaguely at this distance , a aurora borealis : flaring color from the fringe , beautiful yet ominous . it be so large , this cloud , it can envelope a entire solar system . camera continue approaching the cloud , and then suddenly , crossing we Pov , a : 3 klingon heavy cruiser ( S ) 3 in a graceful , turn arc toward the mysterious luminescence . camera follows this klingon , then find a second klingon cruiser , also turn toward the cloud , which continue to grow in size as the klingon approach at warp speed , camera close on the lead ship , until the vessel 's detail can be clearly made out : light , weaponry , power system , identification emblazon on the nacelle and saucer in klingon language ( and symbol ) . 4 int . klingon cruiser bridge ( o ) 4 clearly alien , a odd - sounding klaxon signal " battle station . " order issue in klingon language , the klingon captain and exec peer at a unusual bridge viewer at the huge area of luminescent haze directly ahead . in klingon dialogue : klingon captain ( give I tactical . ) 5 close - MAIN viewer ( o ) 5 go suddenly to a tactical grid system , show the luminescent haze to be a enormous blip of light on the screen , with two tiny pinprick of light complete - ing they turn on a direct course toward it . 6 ext . space - the klingon patrol and the haze ( S ) 6 the patrol be clearly see now on the right of the bottom of the frame ... three tiny ship close on the steadily grow luminescent haze . 7 int . the klingon bridge - captain and exec ( o ) 7 all eye on the viewer that show the ship sweeping on the mysterious cloud . klingon captain ( in klingonese ) Visual . the technician make the switch . 8 close - view screen - luminescent haze ( o ) 8 grow ever larger , its flaring color menace , mysterious , strangely beckone . 9 int . bridge - klingon command cruiser 9 the crew stand by for battle . klingon captain ( in klingonese ) tactical again . stand by on torpedoe . 10 eat space - lead klingon vessel ( torpedo hatch ) ( S ) 10 slide open , the glow " Hell Fire " of the photon Launch tube , slowly reveal . 11 very wide angle - the three ship ( S ) 11 they be tiny , insect - like shape move still closer to the luminescent cloud , so large now that it begin to dominate all space behind . 12 int . klingon bridge - tactical grid - captain and 12 exec ( o ) the grow nearness and enormous size of the cloud also reflect on the tactical grid , somehow more awesome by this schematic view . the Captain gesture the order to " FIRE . " 13 ext . space - angle on klingon vessel - torpedo hatch ( S ) 13 the brilliant photon blob of the torpedoe spurt from the tube . 14 angle on klingon vessel ( S ) 14 a deadly photon torpedo pattern racing away from the klingon and toward the luminescent glow in the distance . 15 int . klingon bridge - tactical grid ( o ) 15 Three torpedoe be head directly toward the cloud . suddenly they glow briefly and disappear long before they reach they intend target . 16 int . klingon bridge - captain and exec 16 incredulous that they torpedoe have disappear without a trace . 17 ext space - the cloud - three klingon ship ( S ) 17 as the second and third ship launch torpedoe toward the color- flaring surface of the cloud . this time we have a outside , real view of the torpedoe glow brightly and then disappear with no effect . 18 int . klingon bridge ( o ) 18 the klingon crew grim , desperate , watch a bright staccato blip of power from within the luminescence . klingon captain ( quickly ; klingonese ) full force field ; evasive maneuver . 19 eat space - the cloud - the klingon patrol ( S ) 19 out of the luminescence hurtle a frightening whiplash of ENERGY . it bear down on the klingon patrol , now in a evasive maneuver . then the whiplash bolt hit the third cruiser in a writhe flare of energy which totally engulf the vessel . the other two ship veer off , warping around again into attack position . the third ship have begin to implode in on itself , the matter - energy of its existence drain by the whiplash bolt that hold it . 20 angle on remaining klingon cruiser ( S ) 20 desperately defend themselves , force field full up , rapidly firing photon torpedoe . but now a second whiplash ENERGY bolt have emerge from the cloud and hit the second vessel , destroy it . the third whiplash bolt glance off the survive cruiser as the ship retreat in a wide , evasive turn , firing from stern tube . 21 int . klingon bridge 21 the bridge shattered ; klingon body . the mortally - wounded Captain be transmit urgently : klingon captain ( in klingonese ) ... severely damage . returning fire ... 22 ext . space - starfleet monitor station epsilon 9 ( S ) 22 serenity here . a barren , rocky small plantoid softly light by the myriad star . this be a small starfleet outpost , antennae sprout everywhere . tiny figure ( worker ) service one antenna illustrate the size of the installation . 23 int . epsilon 9 - monitor room - a viewer ( o ) 23 showing the battle scene , and the voice of the klingon captain in he last stand against the object ; he voice be weary , almost mechanical . on the adjacent viewer , a English printout of the klingon 's word chatter along the bottom of the picture : klingon captain ( in klingonese ) Imperial klingon cruiser amar ... severely damage by unfamiliar weaponry ... intruder unidentified .. 24 wider angle - epsilon 9 starfleet personnel and viewer ( o ) 24 at the viewer be a female lieutenant and four tech - nician . commander branch , a young , alert , enter hur - riedly , scan he console . lieutenant we sensor drine be intercept this on quad L - 14 . klingon captain ( v.o . ) ... believe luminescent cloud to be enormous power field surround alien vessel ... size and description unknown .. we sensor scan unable to penetrate . Imperial klingon cruiser amar ... continue to attack . branch that 's within klingon boundary . who be they fight ? lieutenant unknown , sir . a violent explosion inside the klingon bridge -- klingon Captain 's body be throw violently against the bulkhead . technician I have a exterior visual ! 25 close on viewer ( o ) 25 show exterior of the klingon vessel : a final , frightening whiplash ENERGY bolt strike it -- then the same awesome implosion into fireball . 26 wider angle - personnel and viewer ( o ) 26 the starfleet station onlooker react to the utter annihilation of the huge cruiser . and now , past where the cruiser just disappear -- the mysterious lumine - cence approach in distance . technician hit a switch , magnify the strange cloud . lieutenant we have plotted a course on that cloud , Commander : it will pass into federation Space fairly close to we . branch head ? 27 close on the MAIN monitor station ( o ) 27 as its focal point shift to the huge elliptically - shape luminescence racing across the sky . music ( v'ger theme ) commence in a low , unresolved chord that remain in the background through the remainder of this scene , and the beginning of the next one . lieutenant's voice Sir , it 's on a precise head for Earth . ominously now the luminescence increase in size , and begin to fill the viewer . hold a moment , and then : 28 ext . surface of planet vulcan - day ( m ) 28 with the camera moving through mass of thick , steamy vaporous cloud , swirl about , rise boilingly up from some unseen , underground source . the camera continue moving through cloud . and then ... the vulcan landscape . harsh , strange angular peak and rock formation -- the barren , legend - ary mountain home of vulcan Masters . 29 ext . vulcan ledge - spock ( m & f.p. ) 29 spock 's lean feature instantly recognizable despite unkempt , longer hair and the fatigue bear of a long , harsh discipline he have undergone . his robe , tatter and dust cover , be that of a vulcan aspirant in study with the Masters . under the v'ger theme music we hear a voice in ritual tone : female master' voice spock , son of sarek of vulcan ... and of amanda of Earth ... diligently you have labor for purification of mind ... 30 reverse angle - spock , vulcan master and ruins 30 in b.g. , gigantic ancient vulcan statue and ruin . in f.g. , the stone platform on which spock stand face a semi-circle of three similar platform . on they in regal robe be three vulcan master . the master in the center be a female , the other two Masters be male . the elderly female be hold a cord and ancient pendant as if ready to place it around spock 's neck at a appropriate moment . spock be stare up as v'ger theme music fade . male master ( chidingly ) spock . . . ! spock turn , give a small contrite nod -- the ritual continue . female master here be this sand , we fore - bearer cast out they animal passion . here we race be save by the first attainment of kolinahr . male master kolinahr : the final shed of all emotion . female master you have labor long , spock . now receive from we this symbol of total logic . spock start to kneel ... the female master move in , intend to put the ancient pendant around he neck . but spock now hesitates -- he 's troubled as though uncertain he deserve this symbol and wave the pendant away . then , a faint reprise of the v'ger theme music now cause the female master to look skyward . she turn from this back to spock as she exchange a look with the male Masters . female master ( gesture spock forward ) come , give I you thought . she kneel with spock -- lay she hand on he temple in vulcan mind - meld position . female master ( continue ) we mind , spock ... one and together .... they eye close -- they mind meld -- then she head jerk slightly , she feature change as she mind feel spock 's reaction to the v'ger consciousness . a long moment , then she open she eye , get to she foot and look down on the still kneel spock . then , she cast aside the pendant she carry -- it fall into the dust . female master ( continue ; sadly ) this consciousness which call -- it stir you human half , spock ? you have not achieve kolinahr -- you human emotion be not fully extinguish . ( turn to the other Masters ) he will not achieve he goal with we . his answer lie elsewhere . the three Masters leave -- spock watch they go , he disappointment evident even in he stoic feature . 31 mo . angle on spock ( M. & f.p. ) 31 camera close in on he face as we again hear a frag - ment of v'ger theme music -- spock again raise he head and peer up into the heaven . hold on he face a moment , then ... SHOCK CUT to : 32 ext . earth - a AIR tram - day ( S ) 32 gleam silver in the sun as it streak toward the camera position and hurtle past . 33 ext . san francisco - hilltop AIR tram station - 33 day ( m ) from this vantage , we can see all of twenty - third century San Francisco stretch out before we . in the b.g. , the familiar form of the carefully preserve Golden Gate Bridge and transamerica pyramid Building serve as we only reminder that this be , indeed , San Francisco . the AIR tram ( a anti-gravitational train fly several foot above the ground ) decelerate sharply , settles to the ground with a whisper . 34 ext . tram station - close on tram door - day 34 the door open , and various traveler ( civilian and starfleet personnel ) leave the tram , stride onto the platform , continue on they respective way . among the depart throng : 35 kirk 35 in Admiral 's uniform , grim , determine , move through the throng . now and then starfleet officer nod be - spectfully ; kirk respond with detach formality ; he mind be clearly set on something he be resolve to ac - complish here in headquarters -- whatever the cost . camera with he , to : 36 int . AIR tram station - day ` 36 as kirk stride into the graceful starfleet hq building . many people be about , civilian and uniform person - nel ; most of they with some air of urgency . ( note : alien intersperse among they , vulcan , blue-skinned andorian , high - dome vegan , ect . ) kirk continue on when suddenly he react , annoyed as he see : 37 sonak 37 a vulcan , lt Commander ; short , white -haire , grizzle , hurry along . kirk call to he : kirk Commander sonak ... ! sonak turn with vulcan imperturbability to face kirk who step toward he kirk ( continue ) you have receive you appointment as Enterprise Science Officer ? sonak ( nod ) base , I be tell , on you recommendation , Admiral . thank you . kirk why be not you on board ? sonak Captain decker request I complete final Science briefing here before ... kirk ( interrupt ) here at starfleet ...? the Enterprise be in final preparation to leave dock ... sonak which will require twenty more hour at minimum , Admiral ... kirk twelve ! I be on my way to a meeting with Admiral nogura which will not last more than three minute . report to I on the Enterprise in one hour . sonak to you , sir ? kirk I intend to be there follow that meeting . report to I . one hour ! and kirk turn , stride purposefully away . sonak gaze after he , one eyebrow raise quizzically . 38 ext . earth orbit ( S ) 38 in f.g. , orbital drydock office , rotate slowly but perceptibly against blue-black of space . small figure in spacesuit work on construction , with work belt . Beyond and below ... Earth . in the far distance we can barely make out a orbital drydock . 39 closer angle - orbital office cluster ( S ) 39 the cluster be a fully - equip dockyard engineering center and computer draft office . camera move in and center on a outer " Travel pod . " 40 int . inner office ( o ) 40 a installation which also include a double position transporter , in which we see the transporter effect begin . with the transporter crew be scott . he 's with a technician , busy with a piece of complex circuitry . then he turn , see that it be kirk beaming in here . as kirk materialize , step off the transporter plat - form , Scott move quickly to he . 40a kirk and scott 40 a the starship Engineering Officer clearly surprised to see kirk here . kirk have the same look of grim de - termination we just see in the headquarters building . scott Admiral , I have be hope to see you . maybe you can get through to that thick head in starfleet that ... kirk why be not the Enterprise transporter in operation , mister Scott ? scott we be hope it 's only a temporary problem , Admiral ... kirk see that it be . ( move toward pod ) take I over , please . Scott be now eying kirk just a little warily as he fol - low he into the pod . kirk 's determine expression suggest that some chip be go to fly and Scott do not want to become one of they . scott ( carefully ) Admiral , the Enterprise have just finish eighteen month redesign - ing and refitting . she need testing , a shakedown ... kirk Mr. Scott , there 's a alien object with unbelievable destructive power less than three day away from this planet ... kirk hit a button on the travel pod panel -- the air - lock door slam close behind they . then , step im - mediately to the front observation window : kirk ( continue ) ... the only starship in interception range be the Enterprise ! ready , or not , she launch in twelve hour ! Scott throw kirk a appal look but be now occupy in sealing the Outer pod door and manipulate drive control . camera continue to pull back to reveal front of the pod and arm of the office complex as pod disconnect and start to move . 40c ext . pod 40c camera continue to pull back to reveal front of the pod and arm of the office complex as pod disconnect and start move . 41 ext . earth orbit - angle on TRAVEL pod ( S ) 41 - - 43 43 as it move way from the office complex . we can see the jet flame of its tiny thruster as it cir - cle around , head off ( toward the distant orbital dry dock ) . 44 int . TRAVEL pod - kirk and scott 44 Scott nervously eying kirk , and finally decide to make one more effort : scott the crew have not have near enough transition time with all the new equipment . and the engine , Admiral : they have yet to be even test at warp power . add to that , a untried Captain ... kirk ( hint of smile ) two and a half year as Chief of starfleet Operations may have make I a little stale , Mr. Scott -- but I would not exactly consider myself ' untried . ' it take Scott a moment to comprehend , and kirk smile now , nod : kirk ( continue ) they give she back to I , scotty . Scott peer at he , genuinely surprised -- and pleased . then : scott " gave ' she back , sir ...? I doubt it be that easy ... ( return smile ) but any man who could manage such a feat , I wouldna dare disappoint . she will launch on time , sir ... ( with confidence ) and she will be ready . and he clasp kirk 's elbow affectionately , then gesture kirk to look out the pod window . 45 ext . outside the pod window - kirk Pov ( o ) 45 as he look out : the blue-black of orbital space . 46 int . TRAVEL pod 46 Scott be well aware of what the Enterprise mean to kirk . as Scott maneuver the pod to provide the best perspective , kirk peer through the observation window , craning he head , hungry for he first glimpse of the starship . Scott be watch he , immensely pleased . 47 past they to the pod window ( o ) 47 as we see the drydock and more of its detail , and a hint of what be inside . 48 ext . earth orbit - other angle from the pod ( o ) 48 - - 50 50 past kirk and Scott the corner of the drydock become larger -- we begin seeing more of it . and then the merest glimpse of what be inside the drydock : the Enterprise slip into view . 51 int . pod - very close on kirk at window 51 as he watch , he face reflect all of it : the awe , the wonder , the romance , the obsession . the one comp - lete love of he life . and with that love regain , he be become more fully alive again . kirk look at Scott ; for a moment both hold each other 's eye . Scott know precisely how kirk feel . both turn to the window again . 52 what they see - the enterprise ( S ) 52 now dominating the screen -- the awesome , symmetrical bulk of the starship come fully into view . and it dominate kirk 's -- and we emotion . 53 ext . the enterprise - and the pod ( tiny in this shot ) 53 - - 56 as it circle - the anti - like figure of worker ( S ) 56 the great ship dwarf everything . the drydock become a fragile filigree frame the ship 's great curve bulk . the tiny pod continue to move along it . small automated welding device move along the gird - er , work with brief , bright orange - white flare . in other area of metal lace structure , supplies and equipment be be load onto the ship . the pod continue move ( Scott be give kirk time to see all ) , watch carefully by the tiny figure of supervise technician on the drydock . now the pod move toward mate position . it close in , secure itself to the outer airlock . 57 int . pod - at the airlock 57 Scott complete the mate procedure , kirk turn from the observation window . outside , the metallic .. click of the pod lock onto the airlock . now the " whoosh " of the latch door secure , the clang of security bolt . it 's all be a rare and delicious moment for kirk , and he face show it . over the pod intercom we hear , " pod secure . pressure equalize . " Scott move the control to open the hatch . 58 int . enterprise cargo deck ( m ) 58 a confusion of organize work and voice . the cargo deck bustles with activity ; supplies and equipment be store and install . 59 int . cargo deck - balcony and catwalk 59 kirk and Scott be meet by a nervous , perspire ensign . kirk and scott permission to come aboard , sir ...? ensign grant , sir . welcome aboard , Admiral ... Commander Scott , you be need in Engineering immediately . scott ( to kirk ) Sir , you will excuse I ...? kirk gesture he to leave , and Scott hurry away . kirk stand a moment , gaze down at the cargo deck . 60 angle down past kirk to floor ( m ) 60 the crew maneuver antigravity device which move heavy container -- scramble of activity at storage hold and maintenance locker . 61 close on kirk and ensign 61 kirk be drink it all in . he 's home . ensign ( nervous ) Sir , if you will follow I , I will ... kirk I think I can find my way , ensign . and kirk move off , leave the ensign gaze at he , relieved . 62 ext . elevator and catwalk 62 kirk enter angle and the door snap open . 63 int . elevator 63 as kirk enter . the door close . kirk wait a beat , savore this moment too . then , firmly to the control panel : kirk Bridge ! the turbo-elevator hum with power as it begin hur - tling up . on the wall back of kirk we see a electronic diagram of the Enterprise tracking the elevator 's speedy trip to the Bridge . 64 int . bridge 64 a confusion of activity and voice . piece of equip - ment in a state of disarray : console open , fiber optic tube unconnected , view screen dismantle . it 's a frantic , desperate scene -- a ship and crew to - tally unprepare . in the midst of this : alien ensign be assist uhura ( Lt. comdr. stripe ) deftly work she communication station , ad libbing " ... hailing frequency four , check . hailing frequency five , will someone please check I ? " at the helm , sweat - soak sulu ( Lt. comdr stripe ) have a service plate open , be peer inside to make delicate adjust - ment , ad libbing " ... helm , now give I a read on four point zero zero six of full . " and at the weapon Control , chekov ( full Lt. ) argue with technician who insist photon torpedoe read " ready " while chekov argue the computer be not relaying that information . 65 angle on the elevator door 65 snap open -- and there be kirk . for the moment no one notice he , and he stand watch , remember . and then he move forward toward the command center . 66 across uhura to kirk 66 as she be the first to see he . she react , pleased . uhura Captain ... starfleet just signal you transfer - of - command order ! 67 another angle - various reaction 67 as everyone else be suddenly aware of kirk . all work stop , with various ad libbed greeting from the old crew : " Admiral kirk ... " " it 's the Captain ...! " etc. , etc . but most sit or stand , simple gape at kirk , all quite awed . the old hand , uhura , sulu , and chekov start converge on kirk . but he gesture they back , speak crisply . kirk I appreciate the welcome ; I wish the circumstance be less critical . ( to uhura ) epsilon nine be monitoring the intruder ; keep a channel open to they . ( glance around ) where be Captain decker ? sulu he 's in Engineering , sir ... ( uncomfortable , indicate Captain 's chair ) he do not know . kirk react with some exasperation , start away , address chekov : kirk Mr chekov , assemble the crew on the rec deck at 0400 hour . I want to show they what we be face . and kirk move to the elevator , enter , be go . the moment the elevator door snap close : sulu I would not have want to have be stand in he way . he want she back ; he get she ! alien ensign ( perturb ) and Captain decker ? he 's be with the ship every minute of she refitting ... uhura ( brittle ) ensign -- we chance of come back from this mission in one piece may have just double ...! 68 omitted 68 - - 69 69 70 int . engineering section 70 the entire complex a beehive of pre-departure activity . engineering personnel ( at least a third of they female ) come and go , the platform - elevator ( small , one - man lift to various level ) busy . a gentle but con - stant hum and whirr flow from the engine core , to indi - cate a pre-idle mode . there will be continual ad libbed conversation among the technician . now the engine room door open and kirk step into the area . he stand a moment observe the activity . a grizzle engineering chief push a huge condenser on a anti-grav device past irk with a respectful " watch it , sir " admonishment . kirk move on to : 71 the intermix chamber 71 at the middle of the power shaft . very noisy here , and a continual cacophony of computerize and human voice call off equipment check . and group around a section of burnt - out circuitry be willard decker , Captain 's stripe , handsome , in he early 30' ; Scott , and two technician . decker and Scott be work feverishly uncouple the device , probing its innard . decker have discover the problem , remove several transistor - type part , tap they with a pencil-size sonic analyzer . decker ( quietly elate ) I think so ! see ... the tran - porter sensor be not activate ... scott ( impressed ) aye , you be dead right about that ... ( to technician ) clearly , put a back - up sensor into the unit . 72 across they to kirk 72 as the technician prepare to install the device , Scott glance up to see kirk . he look from decker to kirk in acute embarrassment ( so that we should realize Scott have not mention kirk 's take over to decker ) . decker now notice kirk , react pleased . decker Admiral kirk ... ( shake kirk 's hand ) we be get a top brass send off ...? ( self assure grin ) she will launch on schedule if we have to tow she out with we bare hand . right , scotty ? scotty ( lamely ) aye , sir , that we will ... kirk ( to decker ) will , let 's go over here and talk . he indicate corner . decker glance bemusedly at kirk , then turn to Scott : decker let I now when the back - up be in place . 73 across scott to kirk and decker 73 as Scott ad lib a glum " aye , sir , " and watch they walk across the chamber . 74 a corner of the intermix chamber 74 just a little quieter here , with kirk and decker arriv- ing , and decker say blithely : decker all due respect , sir , I hope this be not a starfleet pep talk ; I be just too busy . kirk eye decker -- then decide the best way to say it be plainly , directly . kirk I be take over the Center seat . I be sorry , will . decker you be what ...? kirk I be replace you as Captain of the Enterprise . decker seem shocked into silence ; he can only peer at kirk who reach tentatively as though to clasp a paternal hand on decker 's shoulder , then withdraw it and continue quickly . kirk ( continue ) you will stay aboard as executive Officer ... a temporary grade reduction to Commander . decker ( find he voice ) -- you , personally , be assume command ? kirk yes . decker May I ask why ? kirk ( nod ) my experience -- five year out there deal with unknown like this -- my familiarity with the Enterprise , this crew ... decker Admiral , this be a almost totally new enterprise . you do not know she a tenth as well as I do . 75 another angle - to show scott in b.g. ( across the 75 room ) Scott , work on the relay , but continually glance at kirk and decker with worried concern , as kirk reply : kirk that 's why you be stay aboard . I be sorry , will . decker no , Admiral . I do not think you be ; not one damned bit . I remember when you recommend I for this command . you tell I how envious you be , and if only you could find a way to get a starship command again . well , sir , it look like you find a way . kirk be silent a moment , peer levelly at decker , who return the gaze with equal intensity . then : kirk report to the bridge , Commander . immediately . decker exit . kirk wait , collect he composure as he watch he go . then kirk turn to glare at Scott . interrupted by a flare as something short out at the mechanism where Scott and decker have be work . technician ( clearly ) react , hit a inter - com button fast : technician ( cleary ) transporter room , come in ! urgent ! ( to Scott ) redline on the transporter , mister Scott ! Scott whirl to a console fast , speak urgently ! scott transporter room , do not engage ! do not .... technician ( cleary ) ( reacting to the read ; interruption ) too late ; they be beam now ! kirk be exite on a run , follow by Scott . 76 int . transporter room - including transporter chamber 76 ( o ) a unusually defective look transporter effect in progress , alternately flash and glow -- even the transporter SOUND seem wrong , as if struggle to overcome some problem . at the console , chief rand and assistant be reacting in surprised , near-horror as they attempt vainly to save the situation . rand ( into intercom ) starfleet , override we ! override ...! yank they back ! suddenly , from rand 's console , a violent glare -- a protesting SOUND from the circuitry . and on the con - sole a red-warn light now begin flash . starfleet voice unable to retrieve they pattern , Enterprise ....! rand react in real horror now as human form begin to faintly materialize , then fade away , then reappear in faintly misshapen form as she frantically work con - trol . kirk enter fast , step to the console to assist rand ; Scott have also come in and move to the console , brushes aside the asst . Chief , and begin manipulate the additional control himself . scott we be lose the pattern ...! kirk ( into intercom ) starfleet , boost you matter gain ; we need more signal ! rand oh , no ! they be form ! 77 closer on the transporter chamber ( o ) 77 with the human form fluttering into fuller and fuller materialization , frighteningly , horribly misshapen . we recognize one form as the vulcan , sonak -- the other a human woman . they materialize ; we hear a moan form from the vulcan -- the woman 's scream of pain . then , all at once , the half - materialize body be go ; the transporter chamber be empty . kirk oh , my God ...! 78 kirk , scott and rand 78 gaze , horrify , at the empty chamber . kirk ( into intercom ) starfleet , do you have they ? a mutter of utter , vacant silence -- and kirk and Scott look at each other again , they pain face presage the answer they already know : starfleet voice ( shake ) Enterprise ... what we get back do not live long . fortunately . another moment of stunne silence , and then kirk hit the transmission button -- fight to control he voice as : kirk starfleet ... kirk. please ... express my condolence to they family . Commander sonak' can be reach through the vulcan embassy . ( see rand 's stricken expression ) there be nothing you could have do , rand . it be not you fault . and before rand can answer , kirk leave the room . 79 int . corridor - traveling with kirk 79 as kirk step out , and the door snap close behind he . in the corridor the furor of the hurried depar - ture be , as everywhere , quite evident : crew member move back and forth . but kirk do not see they ; he mind be torment by the transporter accident -- be there something he should have do , could have do , to prevent it ? should he launch on schedule with the starship this unready ? have he do right in yield to this terrible need for starship command again , force starfleet to give she to he ? would decker 's knowledge of the new design have prevent the acci- dent ? kirk reach a corridor intersection , look around , realize he 's lose track of where he be . a pass yeoman stop in response to he puzzle expression . kirk turboshaft eight ...? yeoman back that way , sir . she 's indicate back the direction from which kirk come . he nod he thanks , turn and move back down the corridor . 80 decker 80 hurry down the corridor . the two face each other a silent moment , decker study kirk curiously . kirk we will have to replace Commander sonak . I would still like a vulcan there , if possible ... decker none available , Captain . there 's no one in fact , who 's fully rate on this design . kirk you be , mister decker . I be afraid you will have to double as Science Officer . and kirk move on , decker stand gaze reflectively after he . 81 omitted 81 - - 84 84 85 close - full shot of the klingon ship be destroyed 85 ( as see on viewer ) ( o ) ( in the last part of the scene which show the klingon Captain speak in klingonese and a English print - out interpretation appear at the screen bottom . the klingon ship nearly totale ; one engine nacelle go , smoke and flame spew from the other , etc . and then that final whiplash ENERGY bolt striking and spectacularly destroy the ship , etc . ) but this time , o.s. , we hear gasp of incredulity from many throat ( a audience ) , and various ad libbed com - ment : " my God ...! " " I do not believe it ...! " " what could it be ...? " etc. , etc . and then , immediately follow this , on the viewer : 86 the luminescent cloud ( as see on a viewer ) ( o ) 86 ( as in earlier epsilon 9 viewer -- but with no music , only more ad libbed exclamation from a audience . ) the viewer go blank . 87 int . recreation deck ( m ) 87 we see that all this be be view by the crew member ( alien include ) assemble on the rec deck . the recreation deck be one of the large area on the ship , several deck level high , a part of one wall consist of picture window , through which can be see section of the drydock structure outside . on another wall be a large viewer , on which be just show the klingon transmission . lead off and away from this deck area be what be obviously other specific recreation area -- gymnasium , food center , game room , lounge , etc . 88 another angle of the red deck - higher level 88 as the Crew member chat in low , grim tone -- kirk ( now with Captain 's stripe ) appear . as he come into view , the two hundred or so crew below go silent . kirk grimly indicate the now blank viewer : kirk that 's all we know about it ; except that it 's now 2.2 day from Earth . Enterprise be the only federation starship that stand in its way . 89 another angle - crew reaction 89 as the camera find various face : human , alien ; most young , all intelligent , forthright -- anxious . kirk have pause a moment , now continue . kirk ( o.s. ) we assume there be a vessel of some type at the heart of the cloud . we order be to intercept , investigate ; and take whatever action be necessary ... and possible . ( beat ) ... we can only hope that the life form aboard that vessel reason as we do . 90 angle on uhura 90 stand near a intercom , which just then have emitted a bosun 's whistle intercom signal . bridge voice ( from intercom ) Bridge to Captain . priority signal from epsilon nine -- kirk lean over to the intercom , speak into it : kirk put it on the viewer here ...! 91 on the rec deck viewer ( o ) 91 as all eye turn to the viewer which fade into a view of Commander branch , in the epsilon 9 monitor room . branch be tense , reflect extreme urgency . near branch , work intently at the console be the female Lieutenant and a technician . branch ( from the viewer ; check console reading ) Enterprise ... the cloud be definitely a powerfield of some kind ... measure ... my God ! over 82 a.u. 's in diameter ... must be something incredible inside there generate it . ( look up from console ) we be transmit linguacode friendship message on all frequency . no response . technician I have a null read at the center of the ' cloud , ' sir . lieutenant definitely something inside .. there but all scan be be reflect back . ( study reading ) receiving a odd pattern now .. ( toward branch ) they seem to be reacting to we scan , sir . branch ( inspect another console ) some kind of energy surge ... ( look up ) Enterprise ... they could be mistake we scan as a hostile act ... ( react at reading ) deflector , emergency full ! branch hit a alarm button ; we hear alarm klaxon sounding . the viewer image distort , clear again while branch -- face he viewer , continue urgently : branch ( continue ) we be under attack ...! kirk ( to uhura ) external view ...! 92 on the viewer - ext . the destruction of epsilon 9 ( o ) 92 as the image of branch be immediately replace by a external view of the plantoid , and the luminescent cloud ( at about the same distance from which the klingon cruiser be attack ) . then it strike the plantoid with full , cataclysmic force . the viewer image break up -- and immediately the entire starfleet base become a maelstrom of flar - ing ENERGY , shattered structure , fly debris . and then , all at once , there be nothing -- empty space , epsilon 9 be go . we see only the star ; and the mysterious luminescent cloud move across the distant sky . ( note : the above be entirely silent , and when it be finish , not a word be speak . ) kirk ( o.s. ) viewer off . 93 another angle - kirk 93 as the viewer go blank , all still face the screen . then kirk turn to the room as if to comment . then he stop -- nothing he can say will add at all to what they have just see . instead : kirk pre-launch countdown will commence in forty minute . 94 another angle - crew 94 the scene they have just witness still vivid in they mind as they gaze somberly up toward kirk who be exit - ing . the bridge crew follow he out . not a word be say as the remainder of the crew wait another moment , then begin to disperse toward they duty station too . 95 ext . the enterprise in drydock ( S ) 95 spectacular orbit view of the giant starship in the process of release . beyond US , in half light , earth loom huge . the dock welder be go ; the supply pod float away from the ship . Little tongue of blue flame spurt from the ship 's maneuver jet . 96 closer - on enterprise ( S ) 96 as the large dock umbilical be release , float free of its starship attachment . dock departure be imminent . 97 int . bridge 97 kirk in the center seat , intently study the naviga - tion console in front of he ( at the Navigator 's station , which be unoccupy . ) other bridge personnel be busy with they pre-launch duty . uhura transporter room and Chief engineer Scott report tran - porter system fully repair and now function normally , sir . sulu dock signal clear , Captain . kirk rely we be hold position await final crew replacement . uhura Captain , transporter personnel report the Navigator ... ( consult console ) ... Lieutenant junior grade ilia ( eye-lee - ah ) be already aboard , and en route to the bridge . 98 angle on decker - at the science station 98 as decker ( now wear Commander stripe ) react , almost startle , and uhura continue : uhura she 's a deltan . uhura 's tone and expression convey " deltan " in a certain , special manner . kirk ( reprovingly ) and there be no finer navigator in starfleet , Commander . the last be interrupt by : 98a angle on the elevator door 98a as they snap open , and there emerge a breathtakingly beautiful young woman ( uniform as a Navigator lieu - tenant ) who stride purposefully onto the bridge . a stun figure , but hairless , entirely bald but or delicate eyebrow and eyelash . her bald head be not at all unattractive , in fact exude a aura of sensual nudity . indeed , she whole be exude sensuality . ( this be a racial characteristic , not a deliberate presence . ) she approach kirk ( note : throughout this sequence , sulu eye ilia with unrestrained admiration . ) ilia Lieutenant ilia report for duty , sir . kirk ( formally ; rise ) welcome aboard , Lieutenant . 99 across ilia to decker 99 as ilia start to speak , suddenly stop : she have just then notice decker , who have step from he station to face she . for a electronic moment they eye meet , hold in unquestion recognition . decker hello , ilia . ilia ( surprised ) decker ....! kirk have observe this with surprise and some concern ( it presage possible complication ) . decker turn to kirk , slightly uncomfortable at this . decker I be station on the Lieutenant 's home planet some year ago ... ilia look from kirk back to decker , puzzle at he sleeve stripe . ilia ( eye he rank stripe ) ' Commander ' decker ? kirk we exec and Science Officer ... decker ( bitingly ) Captain kirk have the utmost confidence in I . kirk flash a hard glance at decker , then toward ilia too . kirk ( pointedly ) and in you , too , Lieutenant . ilia my oath of celibacy be on record Captain . May I assume my duty ? while respectful , she tone of voice have be just as firm as kirk 's . kirk by all mean . 100 across kirk to uhura 100 receive a message , now relaying it . uhura Captain , starfleet report we last six crew member ready to beam up ... ( puzzle ) ... but one of they be refuse to step into the transporter . just as kirk a moment before be tense , now suddenly he 's relaxed again ; he rise . kirk ( pleased ) oh ? I will see that he beam up ...! and he hurry from the bridge , onto the elevator , be go . a moment of puzzle silence , then : decker Mr. sulu , take Lieutenant ilia in hand . sulu ( startle ) Sir ...? ( then understand ) yes , of course ... ( to ilia ) you pre-programming be already set in , Lieutenant . sulu have almost trip get out of he chair . he start offer ilia he hand , then think better of it , withdraw it abruptly , immediately busy himself punch out equation on she console ... ad lib , " it 's all on the computer . you will have no problem ... " sulu be nervous , fluttery around this lovely creature -- now hit a wrong switch . produce a beeping SOUND which he fumble to shut off . she smile ; speak quietly , repeat : ilia I be swear to celibacy , mister sulu . that make I as safe as any human female . sulu catch she eye but before he can reply , decker have move in beside ilia . decker I now the Captain mean no person - al insult . ilia ( eye on console ) I would never take advantage of a sexually immature species . ( look at he ) you can assure he that 's true , can not you ? clearly , the remark carry special , personal significance . 101 int . transporter room 101 - - 102 102 kirk enter as rand and she assistant electronically list the last of the five arrival who be leave the transporter chamber . kirk call through intercom to the last arrival , a young female yeoman . kirk yeoman , what be the problem down there ? yeoman ( through intercom ) he insisted we go first , sir . Said something about first see how it scramble we molecule . kirk thank you , yeoman ( hit transmit control ) starfleet , this be Captain kirk . the officer be to be beam up immediately ! 103 angle on the chamber ( o ) 103 a moment , then again the generate humming , and then the familiar beaming effect . and then you see mccoy ! he fully materialize . he look himself over as if in pleased surprise he be still in one piece . camera pan mccoy from the transporter chamber to kirk who be have - ing a hard time contain he amusement and delight . kirk well , for a man who swore he would never return to starfleet ... mccoy ( flat , tight ) what happen , Captain , sir , be that you revere Admiral nogura invoke a little know -- and seldom use -- reserve activation clause ... ( snap ) ... in simpler language , Captain , sir , they draft I ! kirk ( straight - face ) they do not ...! kirk have offer he hand , but mccoy be already flaring : mccoy this be you idea ! it be you idea , be not it ! kirk Bones , there 's a ' thing ' out there -- mccoy -- why be any object we do not understand call a ' thing ' ? kirk ( continue ) -- head this way . I need you ... mccoy be you behind this ? kirk ( nod ) Bones , I need you badly . kirk extend he hand again ; mccoy delay some moment -- then finally respond . and once do , it be the long hand clasp of two old friend reunite despite they difference . now mccoy turn to rand . mccoy permission to come aboard , sir ? rand ( elate ) permission grant , sir ! and mccoy move toward the door , grumble : mccoy I hear Chapel 's a md now ; I need a top nurse , not a doctor who will argue every diagnosis ... and -- even when he 's in the corridor he grumble trail after he . mccoy ( continue ) ... they have probably redesign sickbay , too . Engineers love to change thing . 104 full on kirk 104 as he gaze fondly after the grumble mccoy , and now turn to the intercom , flip it on : kirk all deck , this be the Captain . prepare or immediate departure . 105 int . enterprise - montage departure scene 105 - - 108 108 bulkhead close , feed line disengaging , main engine hum into life , crew personnel hurry to launch station . shot of cargo deck , down to Engineering section slamm shut . drydock area clear , work light go out , warning light go on . 109 int . bridge 109 all flight position manned , ready . uhura dock control report ready , sir . sulu helm ready , sir . ilia orbital departure on plot , sir . uhura yard command signal clear , sir . kirk maneuver thruster , mister sulu . sulu maneuver thruster , sir . kirk hold station . sulu ( work control ) thrusters at station - keep , sir . 110 ext . earth orbit - enterprise and drydock ( S ) 110 the starship within the drydock , but now the maneuver - ing -- thruster spurt pinpoint of blue -lame . the drydock be ready for the starship 's departure -- not a single pod or shuttlecraft in sight . the starship loom majestically within the lacework girder . 111 omitted 111 112 int . bridge 112 as kirk hesitates just a instant , seem to hold he breath . then : kirk thrusters ahead , mister sulu . take we out . 113 ext . earth orbit 113 the maneuver -- thruster spurt more blue flame . the Enterprise begin move , dominating screen as it move majestically from the drydock . theme music in and up . 114 closer angle - enterprise ( S ) 114 - - 117 117 emphasize fine detail reality of both drydock and starship as saucer section emerge . tiny space - suite human figure watch the depart ship . camera hold on starship until completely clear of the orbital dock . 117a int . engineering section 117a here in Engineering section , the engine throbbing slowly build to a thundering SOUND . a glow from the central unit indicate anti-matter intermix underway . the Engineering section shudder as the great engine draw more and more power . scott intermix set , Bridge , impulse power at you discretion . 118 int . bridge - favoring kirk 118 as he hesitates just a instant . this be the moment he 's await , and to he it be equally as sensuous and gratify as make love -- which , perhaps , he be -- to he mistress : the Enterprise . kirk ( after a moment ) impulse power , Mr sulu . ahead warp point-five . 119 ext . the enterprise ( S ) 119 the maneuver jet turn off , the impulse drive glow . the Enterprise begin move perceptibly faster -- behind she , the drydock diminish rapidly in size . kirk departure angle on viewer . chekov departure angle . we see viewer image switch to a depart view of lovely bluish , cloud-lace image of Earth as it grow smaller , smaller , dwindling quickly as the starship gather speed . kirk viewer ahead . and viewer image switched to show the star pattern space ahead . 120 ext . space - saturn 120 with its colorful ring and multiple moon filling a major portion of the frame . kirk ( v.o . ) Captain 's log , stardate 7412.6. 2.7 hour from launch ... 121 int . bridge - favoring the viewer 121 all hand tense with the excitement of the journey , on the viewer saturn -- and its ring -- be fall away ( behind US ) . over this : kirk ( v.o . ) ( concerned ) ... in order to intercept the intruder at the earliest possible time , we must now risk engage warp drive while still within the solar system ... end of log . 122 angle on decker - science station 122 punch in equation on he console , reach a read : decker Captain , assume we have full warp capability , accelerate to warp Seven on leave solar system will bring we to ip with the intruder in twenty point one hour . 122a include ilia 122a check she console . ilia Science Officer 's computation confirm , sir . and decker and ilia glance at each other -- and again , you know there be something more than casual in this . 123 angle on the elevator door 123 as they open , and mccoy appear , walk over to kirk who swing he chair around to face he . mccoy be he usual dour self . kirk well , Bones , do the new medical facility meet with you approval ? mccoy they do not . it 's like work in a damned computer center . kirk ( turn to decker ) programm ready ? decker Program set for standard warp entry , Captain ... kirk start to swing he chair to normal position -- decker call : decker ( continue ) ... but I still recommend further simulation study . kirk mister decker ; every minute bring that object nearer Earth ! ( use intercom ) Engineering ! stand by for warp drive . mccoy be watch kirk , a bit surprised at he abrupt - ness to decker . scott' intercom voice ( worried ) Captain , we need further warp simulation on the flow sensor ... kirk engineer , we need warp speed now ! mccoy ( very gently ) you be push Jim . you people know they job . kirk flash mccoy a glance of annoyance -- then back to use intercom : 124 int . engineering 124 the main intermix chamber glowing with power ; the low rumble of the main engine come to life . the camera find Scott in the chamber : scott ( into intercom ) hold one minute , please , Captain -- he step to he console where a asst . engineer be work a computer , study the readout , punch button , etc . Scott stand over he , grimly observ - ing . finally , the asst. simply shrug with frustration . asst . that 's it , sir ; I can not do any better . scott ( grim ) aye , lad ... ( into intercom ) it 's borderline on the simulator , Captain : I canna guarantee that she will ... 125 int . bridge 125 as kirk , annoyed , interrupt Scott on the intercom . kirk warp drive , Mr Scott . mccoy still watch curiously as kirk turn to the helm : kirk ( continue ) ahead warp one , Mr sulu . sulu accelerate to warp one , sir . sulu move he control forward -- everyone wait tensely -- and then we hear the increasing throb of the accelerate engine . sulu ( continue ) warp point seven ... point eight ... nine ... 126 ext . space the enterprise - aft and ahead ( S ) 126 we see the warp power effect build up between the en- gine " nacelle " -- then the starship make the quantum leap into warp drive . the star ahead shift , streak , color pulsate and change as the shift exceed the wave length of the light spectrum -- and the star congeal into a Mass ahead . 127 int . bridge - past kirk to the viewer ( o ) 127 as the viewer show the same warp drive effect . or another moment all remain tense , and then all at once relax , release they breath . smile . sulu warp one , sir . kirk smile , pleased , start swinging he chair around , at the same time call : kirk Mr. decker -- kirk never finish the word . at that instant , on the viewer , a wormhole distortion : a sudden spiraling of star and fluid light narrowing into a vortex into which the Enterprise hurtle . a space trap , a deadly pandemonium of alarm klaxon , bell , voice : kirk ( continue ) wormhole !... get we back on impulse power ! full reverse ! 128 ext . space - the enterprise ( S ) 128 Enterprise have be catch in a matter - time distortion , suck into a cylindrical " hole in space " ( the Worm - hole distortion ) , star and planet become strange , elongate shape , with the Enterprise draw deeper and deeper into the vortex . 129 int . bridge 129 the klaxon and bell continue , and the crew respond : sulu negative helm control , Captain ! go reverse on impulse power ...! uhura subspace frequency be jamme by wormhole effect ! computer voice ( terse , flat ) collision alert ...! collision alert ...! ( note : Computer alert continue through entire scene . ) decker ( consulting he viewer ) negative control from inertial lag will continue 22 point five second before forward velocity slow to sub- light speed . ilia unidentified small object have be pull into the wormhole with we , Captain ! directly ahead ...! kirk forcefield up full ! put object on viewer ...! 130 angle on the MAIN viewer ( o ) 130 show ( a magnification view ) of a tiny point of light directly ahead . meanwhile , kirk shout a ad libbed order to sulu : " go to manual override ! " sulu ad lib , " no manual response ...! " ( through all this , mccoy stand freeze , wait -- and expect -- the worse . ) meanwhile , ilia have reach over to sulu 's console , hit a button , ad libbing , " navigational deflector come up ...! " and then with alarmed dismay : ilia navigational deflector inoperative ...! ( consulting she console , alarmed ) directional control also inoperative , Captain ...! decker wormhole distortion have over - load main power system ...! 131 close on MAIN viewer ( o ) 131 the picture be switch through two further level of magnification , enlarge the object : a elongate , distort , pitte asteroid , tumble toward the enter - prise on a collision course . kirk ( toward ilia ) time to impact ...? ilia twelve second ...! kirk Mr. chekov , stand by on the phaser ...! decker ( racing to chekov 's station ) delay that phaser order ! Arm photon torpedoe ...! 133 another angle - mccoy noticing kirk 133 who have just glance , surprised at decker ( for counter - mand the phaser order ) -- and for a split instant , kirk seem confuse . mccoy react with enlightenment as , meanwhile : 134 another angle - the viewer ( o ) 134 the object even larger . chekov photon torpedoe armed ...! ilia object be a asteroid , read mass point seven ... ( consulting instrument ) Impact in eight second ... seven ... six ... five ... decker Fire torpedoe ...! chekov ( punch button ) torpedoes away ...! 135 ext . space - past the enterprise and the asteroid ( S ) 135 as the starship 's photon torpedo tube eject glowing ball of light ENERGY , which seem to float toward the oncoming asteroid , almost too slowly . and in this brief second , the asteroid hurtle at the Enterprise , the huge pitte rock grow even larger than the ship itself . it fill the screen , as the photon torpedoe hit , disintegrate the asteroid into thousand of fragment . instantly , this fragment pulverize they - selve on the ship 's forward forcefield and deflector screen . the smaller piece burn up on impact , clearly outline the ship 's forcefield barrier . 136 int . bridge - including MAIN viewer ( o ) 136 the asteroid fragment still smash into the force field screen ; the smaller bit like sparkler as im - pact heat consume they . the larger section bounce away , the bridge quivering as they hit . then one final gigantic fragment strike , the bridge shudder . and then the viewer show only the normal sub - warp effect : the star ahead , relatively station - ary ; a feel of motion , but smooth , visually normal . chekov ( relieved ) we be out of it ...! decker we be at warp point eight . position report , Navigator ..? sulu helm control restore , sir . ilia Computing new interception course . uhura Communications be normal , Captain . chekov ( to kirk ) negative damage report , sir . ( to mccoy ) no casualty report , sir . mccoy ( tight ) wrong , Mr. chekov , there be casualty . my wit ! ( to kirk , indignant ) as in ' frighten - out -of '...! decker ( into intercom ) engineer ... report status there . 137 int . engineering 137 with Scott and he crew pour over the instrument -- all seem very grim . Scott , quite preoccupy , now speak into the intercom . scott in just a second , exec ; we be pick up the piece down here . 138 int . bridge 138 kirk seem to collect he thought now -- he give decker a look , use the intercom himself : kirk warp drive as soon as possible , Mr. Scott . scott' intercom voice ( protest ) Captain , it be we anti-matter imbalance that create the wormhole in the first place . it will happen again if we do not correct it . kirk that object out there be less than two day from Earth , mister Scott . we have get to intercept while it still be out there ! scott' intercom voice ( near annoyed ) aye , we understand that sir ! we be do we best . as kirk flip off the intercom , rise determinedly , face decker : kirk Mr. decker , I would like to see you in my quarter . ( toward helm ) you have the conn , Mr. sulu . mccoy ( to kirk ) mind if I tag along ? kirk give mccoy a annoyed look , then stride to the elevator . decker , grim , follow -- mccoy bring up the rear as they exit . 139 angle favoring ilia 139 gaze worriedly at the just - close elevator door , as sulu be punch figure into he console . sulu maintain warp point eight ; I show we new head as 287 point three Mark 105 . ilia 's attention be direct toward decker . sulu ( continue ; gently remind ) Lieutenant ilia ...? ilia ( a beat ; then quickly ) confirm , Mr. sulu. confirm . and she punch in some equation , then again peer up at the door where she last see decker . she be very concerned . 140 int . kirk quarter 140 the door open , kirk enter , mccoy move to b.g. while decker stand attentively , wait as kirk turn to he . kirk explanation , Mr. decker : why be my phaser order countermand ? decker ( cool , polite ) Sir , the Enterprise redesign increase phaser power by channele it through the main engine . when they go into anti-matter imbalance , the phaser be automatically cut off . kirk be surprised by this information , perhaps slight - ly chagrine . after a beat : kirk then you act properly , of course . decker thank you , sir . I be sorry I embar - rass you . kirk you save the ship . decker ( coolly ) I be aware of that , sir . kirk ( flaring ) stop compete with I , decker ! decker permission to speak freely , sir ? kirk ( tight ) grant . decker Sir , you have not logge a single star hour in two and a half year . that , plus you unfamiliarity with the ship 's design -- in my opinion , sir , seriously jeopardize we mission . kirk react with anger . struggle for and regains control . kirk I trust you will ... nursemaid I through this difficulty , mister ? decker yes , sir , I will do that . kirk peer at decker , who stand face he determinedly . kirk then I will not keep you from you duty any longer , Commander . ( whirling at mccoy ) yes , Doctor ? kirk 's last line have drown out decker 's " aye , sir . " mccoy say nothing , wait until decker be go and the door close behind he . then : mccoy he may not be wrong , Jim . 141 omitted 141 - - 142 142 143 int . corridor 143 decker move toward a elevator -- the elevator door open , and there be ilia . she step out , face he . ilia be he difficult ? decker no more than I expect ( hesitates ) not as difficult as this . I be sorry ... ilia that you leave ? or that you do not say ' goodbye ' ? decker if I would see you again , would you have be able to say it ? ilia ( long hesitation ; then shake head ) no . ilia whirl , move toward she stateroom door , which snap open , then close behind she . decker stand gaze at the door , remember , regretful . 144 omitted 144 144a int . kirk cabin - kirk and mccoy 144a kirk get out of here , Bones . mccoy ( shake head ) as ship 's doctor , I be now discuss the subject of command fitness . kirk 's expression harden . kirk make you point , Doctor . mccoy the point , Captain , be that it 's you who 's compete ... ( a beat , as kirk react ) you pull every string in the book short of blackmail to get the Enterprise -- maybe even that . and when this mission be over , you have no intention of give she back . kirk ( tight ) I intend to keep she , be that what you be say , Doctor ? mccoy it 's a obsession -- that can blind you so far more immediate -- and critical responsibility . you reaction to decker be a example . kirk study he a beat ; have mccoy touch a nerve ? something kirk himself might have be unaware of ? kirk start speak , but be interrupt by : uhura' intercom voice Bridge to Captain . 144b angle to include cabin viewer 144b as kirk turn to it . kirk viewer on . at he voice command , the viewer come on with a image of uhura at she console . uhura from viewer signal from a federation - register long - range shuttle , sir . she wish to come alongside , and lock on . kirk for what purpose ? on the viewer , chekov 's image replace uhura . chekov it be a courier , Captain . grade one priority . non-belligerency confirm . kirk very well , Mr. chekov , see to it . viewer off . viewer image fade . kirk turn back to mccoy whose question of kirk 's fitness still hang there between they . Eye to eye - then , finally : kirk ( continue ) you ... opinion have be note , Doctor . ( beat ) be there anything further ? mccoy I hope not . kirk nod , exit . mccoy watch he go , hope he point have get through . 145 omitted 145 146 ext . space - the shuttle ( S ) 146 travel at a rapid speed ; it carry warp - capacity nacelle which dwarf the smaller to 10 position shuttle fuselage . the camera hold on the shuttle as it overtake the Enterprise , the enterprise com - ing into view , and the shuttle slow and beginning to move between the starship 's giant nacelle . 147 ext . space - through window in officer ' lounge - 147 the enterprise and the shuttle ( S ) about the size of a fighter airplane float in over the vastness of a aircraft carrier . the shuttle slow further , hover now . then its fuselage pod detach from the warp drive nacelle -- the pod move slowly but precisely toward the starship 's command airlock . 148 int . pod hatch entry area 148 as we hear the clank and whoosh of the airlock mechan - ism . chekov be stand by with a security man . a moment later the hatch slip open - to reveal spock . a proud spock , impassively vulcan , almost contemptuously aloof . his hair be now trim in neat vulcan style ; he wear vulcan attire simple , civilian , utilitarian . ) spock permission to come aboard , sir ? chekov grant , sir ! grant ! spock be already move out of the pod entry area , im - passive , no greeting on he lip ; no friendship in he expression . 149 ext . space - the shuttle leaving 149 pull away from Enterprise . 150 int . bridge 150 the elevator door open , and there be spock . it take everyone a moment to believe they eye . then , the Bridge crew ad lib they surprise and pleasure . kirk spock ...! spock , where ...how ...? kirk , smile , be move toward spock with hand out - stretch . but spock have already turn and move toward the science console where decker sit . spock Commander , if I may ...? 150a at science console 150 a it take decker a moment to realize that spock want to take over the console . he begin get to he foot , throw kirk a look . but kirk 's attention be totally on spock . and spock be already intent on com - putation he be beginning to punch into the science console computer . spock I have be monitoring you starfleet transmission , Captain , you engine design difficulty . spock continue to punch information into the science computer -- a monitor screen image begin to show com - plex equation which spock inspect -- he make a further computer punch out and inspect a second monitor image of other equation . only then do spock seem to become aware of kirk and decker stand there with question expression . spock ( continue ) I offer my service as Science Officer . kirk start to grin -- then remember to wipe it off he face as he turn to decker . kirk if we executive Officer have no objection ...? decker ( interrupt ) of course not . I be aware of mister spock 's qualification . kirk ( grin openly now ; turn , call ) mister chekov , log mister spock 's starfleet commission reactivate ; list he as Science Officer ; both effective immediately . 151 angle to include elevator door 151 as they SNAP open -- mccoy and Chapel appear . Chapel see spock at the science console -- she move in quickly , overjoy . even mccoy seem pleased . chapel Mr. spock ...!!! mccoy so help I , I be actually pleased to see you . but as Chapel cross to spock , she pleased smile brighten she whole face , spock turn , dismiss she presence with a cold disinterested glance -- Chapel stop , stand dumbfounded . spock give mccoy a similar glance - turn back to he console reading as : uhura that 's how we all feel , mister ... the same cold glance cause uhura to stop in mid - sentence . several grin direct toward spock be now fade from bridge crew face . spock have turn back again for a last quick read at the console and now stand -- totally ignore everyone else as he speak coolly , unemotionally to kirk : spock with you permission , I will now discuss this fuel equation with the engineer . kirk manage a nod , a bit dumbfounded himself at spock 's strange manner . spock head for the elevator -- puz - zle expression from the entire bridge crew . then kirk call after he , very sincerely : kirk mister spock , welcome aboard ! spock continue onto the elevator without any acknow - ledgment , leave . kirk glance , perplex , at mccoy . mccoy , equally perplex , shrug . mccoy never look a gift vulcan in the ear , Jim . 152 ext . space - the enterprise ( S ) 152 travel past the star , sub -warp . over this : kirk ( v.o. ) ( buoyant ) Captain 's log. stardate 7413.4. thanks to Mr. spock 's timely arrival - and assistance ... 153 int . engineering - spock and scott 153 Scott make a intermix chamber read with a hand - hold timer - temperature device which emit signal while spock now in regulation uniform and hair trim , make adjustment in the circuitry of a panel complex . dur - ing the follow , they will react as if they have solve the engine problem . kirk ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... we have the engine rebalance into full warp capacity . repair time less than three hour ... 154 int . bridge - all bridge crew except spock 154 sulu at the helm , accelerate ; just a touch of tense - ness in crew as they move toward the speed which earlier throw they into the " wormhole " effect . kirk ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... which mean we will now be able to intercept intruder while still more than a day from Earth . 155 angle including MAIN viewer ( o ) 155 star accelerate as sulu call off : sulu warp point eight ... point nine ... the viewer show the quantum leap into warp drive . the star ahead shift , streak and congeal into warp effect Mass . sulu ( continue ) warp one , sir . the other wait , then show relief as : sulu ( continue ) warp two , sir ... warp three ... he continue to seven . scott' intercom voice Engineering to Bridge ... New intermix balance hold steady . she 's not even strain ! 156 int . officer's lounge ( o ) 156 where , first , camera shoot through the window , the myriad of star , space , the whole magnificent vista . in the lounge , empty but for they , be kirk and mccoy -- obviously await spock , who enter and present himself cold and aloof as before : spock report as order , Captain . kirk sit down , please . spock remain stand , address kirk : spock Sir , I would appreciate Dr. mccoy absent himself from this interview . kirk I want he here . ( indicate ) sit down ! for a instant , it look like spock will refuse . then , he comply but sit formally , rigidly . he ignore mccoy totally . kirk you have report that you feel strong think emotion . a group of mind from a space vessel ? could you make out any plan , anything to do with Earth ? spock ( still formally ) negative , Captain . I could sense only what seem a almost omniscient pattern of perfect logic . I can explain nothing more ; I understand nothing more . kirk be clearly disappointed -- and a bit uncomfortable about what he must ask next . he exchange a glance with mccoy , then : kirk also -- there be nothing in you report about why you be here . spock that inquiry invade my personal life , Captain . mccoy spock , we have already guess why you be here ... kirk I inquire about you -- learn you be study with the Masters ... although spock have be almost infuriatingly emotionless , he expression shift slightly . mccoy indicate this : mccoy that flicker of emotion confirm we guess . you fail . spock ( face mccoy for the first time ) you deduction do you credit , Doctor ... if you puerile curiosity do not . mccoy ( not in amusement ) and now , anger , spock ? spock look straight ahead -- he face instantly com - pose to almost total blankness . spock ( beat ; nod ) I still contain fragment of my human half . kirk and whatever you sense out here .... spock ... be my only hope of accomplish what the Masters could not . mccoy if you achieve perfect logic , spock , you will pay a price . it 's give you planet ten thousand year of peace , but no poetry 's be write since then , no music . spock have come to he foot fast - but kirk be on he foot too , confront he . during which : kirk let it drop , Bones . ( to spock ) you be my Science Officer -- I will expect a immediate report on anything further you learn or sense from here on . spock I have accept service here as a starfleet officer ... sir . kirk ( nod ) I know this have be painful , spock . for I too . thank you . spock exit . kirk and mccoy exchange a troubled look , then exit too as camera center again on observation window , the view of space there . 157 omitted 157 - - 159 159 159a int . bridge - close on chekove hand 159a push red alert . the alert sound ; the red light begin flashing . chekove voice Red alert ! Red alert ! 160 bridge angle - including MAIN viewer 160 all regular in position ( different uniform ) , extra crew hurry in from elevator to man the remainder of the console position . decker be make a bridge circuit . kirk full mag on viewer ! sulu hit a control -- viewer seem to zoom ahead and in the distance we see a point of light which grow into the luminescent cloud . the same as see by the klingon and starfleet 's epsilon nine station . myster - ious , beautiful , and menace . kirk ( continue ) linguacode ? uhura continue friendship message on all frequency , sir . chekov all deck and division confirm status red . spock ( flat , impassive ) we be be scan , Captain . 161 another angle - across kirk ( and decker ) to spock 161 as kirk whirl toward spock 's station , call out : kirk do not return scan , Mr. spock ! it may be misinterpreted as hostility ! spock intruder scan emanate from the exact cloud center . Energy of a type entirely un - know to I . uhura ( after a moment ) no response to friendship message , Captain . chekov should I go to battle station , sir . kirk negative , we will take no prov- ocative action . decker have react sharply , disapprovingly , to this : decker recommend defensive posture , Captain : screen and shield . kirk no ... ( pause ) ... that could also be misinter - prete as hostile , Mr. decker . ( to spock ) cloud composition , Mr. spock ? spock twelve power energy field -- sulu ( in disbelief ) -- twelve power ?! decker ( urgently ) Captain , we have see what they weapon can do . should not we take every possible precaution -- ? kirk Mr decker .... spock ( interrupt ) Captain , I suspect there 's a object at the heart of that cloud . kirk ( cool ) Mr. decker , I will not provoke a attack , if that order be not clear to you ... decker ( interrupt in mid sentence ) Captain , as you exec , it 's my duty to point out alternative . a moment of think from kirk . ilia five minute to cloud boundary ! kirk ( a look ) I stand correct Mr. decker . ( toward ilia ) Navigator , lay in a conic section flight path into the cloud center ; bring we parallel to whatever we find in there ... 162 favoring the viewer ( o ) 162 the cloud have now grow so large it dominate the entire viewer . sulu hit a button , reduce magnif - cation . immediately , the cloud diminish in size -- but almost instantly begin growing again . decker 's annoyance ( with kirk ) suddenly seem to dissipate as he total attention be divert to the cloud . 162a another angle - spock , decker and kirk 162a decker turn to spock decker that measure twelve power ? ten thousand of starship could not generate that much ... decker trail he word , realize that spock be not hearing a word . spock 's attention be on the o.s. main viewer , totally absorb by something he 's feel . he be slowly rise from he seat , step forward -- kirk become conscious of this , turn and see spock 's strange expression . before he can speak : spock they have ... they have be communicate with we . I sense ... puzzlement . why have we not reply ? kirk communicate with we how ? spock shake he head ... then react as if sense or theorize something further . he turn , move quickly to he console , begin there as if search for something . interrupted by another alarm klaxon . decker signal medical alert , mister chekov ! computer voice incoming fire . ahead . Zero , ... mark , zero . incoming fire . ahead . Zero , mark , zero . 163 full on the MAIN viewer ( o ) 163 show a whiplash ENERGY bolt streaking from the cloud ! kirk ( o.s. ) forcefield now ...! deflector up full ! sulu ( o.s. ) commence evasive maneuver ... ! Bridge begin to tilt . 164 reverse angle 164 chekov forcefield and deflector up full , Captain . 165 ext . space - enterprise ( S ) 165 the whiplash ENERGY bolt speed toward the Enterprise , which veer sharply away now -- but whiplash follows . 166 int . bridge and viewer ( o ) 166 with the whiplash ENERGY bolt on the main viewer , closer and closer -- head straight - on for the Star - ship . from the Bridge a cacophony of voice and sound , but all organize and discipline with the bridge lighting dimming and then as though travel the last short distance ( actually several million mile ) in the wink of a eye -- the whiplash of ENERGY strike . the bridge light go out . in the sudden darkness , the main viewer be all at once a frantic , furious , pattern of GREEN - white flaring ENERGY , accompany by a explosive shrilling SOUND . it seem to cling to the forcefield , the incredible energy of the forcefield barrier . 167 favoring chekove station ( o ) 167 as a sheet of GREEN whiplash ENERGY burst from chekov 's console -- a lash of flame engulf chekov 's arm . Automatic fire control nozzle spurt foam over he as he fall twist and groan in pain . ilia react first , crossing quickly to assist chekov -- decker join she , take over chekov 's console . 168 omitted 168 169 ext . space - the enterprise under attack ( S ) 169 the sheet of writhing -green ENERGY envelop the entire vessel , outline it starkly . ( and outline , too , the forcefield screen and deflector -- batter - ing at they , seek some gap through which to penetrate . ) 170 int . bridge - favoring the viewer ( o ) 170 the bridge still darken , and on the viewer the whip - lash ENERGY splattering the entire view screen with GREEN ENERGY brilliance , force all to shield they eye against the impossible glare . 171 omitted 171 172 int . engineering 172 a smoking panel burst into a shower of SPARKS and flame , spew over and past Scott and he crew . scott bypass ...! alternate integrator ! 173 int . bridge and viewer ( o ) 173 as , first on the viewer , the whiplash ENERGY bolt effect cling another moment then begin fading . and then it be go . the bridge light go on again . Elevator door open . Doctor Chapel and Medical Corps - man arrive and cross immediately to where ilia tend to the injure chekov . sulu the new screen hold ...! scott' intercom voice Engineering to bridge ; we cannot hold full power on forcefield ; deflector power be down seventy percent ! 173a chekove station 173a over the follow , we will hear Captain kirk ad lib order ; " divert auxiliary system power to deflector ! " and scott intercom voice answer : " all auxiliary power to deflector , sir . " meanwhile , Chapel and corpsman give medical treatment to chekov who be in agony . Chapel be about to give a injection . ilia no , I can stop he pain . the deltan woman take chekov 's upper arm in both she hand , knead she finger deep into nerve center -- chekov 's pain begin to quickly recede and he be almost startle by the sudden relief . Doctor Chapel , now spraying plasti-skin on the burn hand and wrist , give ilia a surprised , approve look and a flicker of female friendship pass between the deltan and Earth woman . ( set up a later story point ) 174 close on viewer ( o ) 174 the energy brilliance go now , we can see the cloud be very close -- the close we have see it yet , and the aurora effect be spectacular ; a vast , dense blan - ket of sparkling , flaring color . 175 emphasizing spock 175 whirling abruptly in he chair , address kirk : spock Captain , the intruder have be attempt to communicate ! now place they transmission on the speaker ... immediately , from the speaker we hear a shrill , in - credibly fast beep . spock ( continue ) ... frequency more than one million megahertz at such high speed they entire message last only a millisecond . 175a another angle 175a Chapel and corpsman be assist chekov from the bridge ( we will have see that the remarkable plasti- skin spray on he hand have completley cover the ugly burn mark - he be even able to move he finger a bit ) . ilia return to she station -- a relief crew woman take over from decker at chekov 's console . 176 closer on spock's station 176 so we can see in more detail spock 's monitor -- various oscillate wave , and hear more of the shrill beeps as spock manipulate he equipment , and continue : spock I suspect we message be too slow for they to be notice . ( touch a control ) programm computer to send linguacode at they rate . decker have hurried in to assist the science console . spock indicate a console area -- decker work there -- spock work another section of console button . 177 ext . space - the enterprise and the cloud ( S ) 177 the cloud ever closer to the ship now , which be a mere dot in space compare to the immensity of the energy - seethe , continuous color - explode cloud . and then , suddenly , from the cloud -- another whiplash ENERGY bolt . bear down upon the Enterprise . 178 int . bridge - including viewer 178 where the oncoming whiplash bolt be see emerge from the cloud . in the b.g. , alarm klaxon be sounding , alert light flash , etc sulu here it come ...! computer voice incoming fire . ahead , zero , mark , zero , point two . incoming fire . ahead , zero , zero , mark , zero ... kirk ( into intercom ) Engineering ... what 's happen to we forcefield ?! 179 int . engineering 179 much frenetic activity here , previous damage be repair , the main shaft glowing blue - white , engine throbbing at full power , and a harass Scott at the intercom : scott system be overload , Captain ! we shield cannot handle another attack ! 180 omitted 180 181 ext . space - the enterprise and the cloud ( o ) 181 the whiplash bolt streaking toward the ship . 182 int . bridge 182 kirk ( desperately ) Mr. spock ? ilia Impact in fifteen second ... spock -- decker assist -- work frantically . spock be clearly dissatisfied , shake he head tightly . kirk transmit , Mr. spock ! now ! ilia ten second .... 183 closer on spock's station 183 as spock hit the " transmit " button , and we hear the shrill beep SOUND ( last but a fraction of a second ) , and decker call to kirk : decker transmit ...! ilia' voice ... five second . 184 angle on MAIN viewer ( o ) 184 where the whiplash bolt be now brilliant , almost upon we ! then the whiplash ENERGY bolt abruptly vanish . in the blink of a eye , the entire effect be gone . 185 reaction 185 relief , incredulity . spock it appear that we message have be understand , Captain . kirk ( to uhura ) any reply from they ? uhura negative , no reply , sir . kirk ( return to spock ) spock , have you sense anything else ? spock turn , give the o.s. viewer a glance . then he shake head . spock the ' puzzlement ' I sense be fleeting ... minor ... ( ponder , then ) ... as if carry a sense of we insignificance , Captain . kirk we ... ' insignificance ' ? all have react to this ; kirk exchange a look with spock who nod firmly . then kirk see that both decker and sulu be throw he a question look . in b.g. mccoy and Chapel have exited bridge with chekov . spock we be obviously confront by a highly advanced mentality ... yet they cannot understand who we be , or what we want . kirk but they understand we message ; they break off the attack . decker they may have attack only as a warning to we , Captain . to keep away . spock that would presuppose a feel , Commander ... compassion . I sense no emotion , only ... ( reverentially ) ... pure logic . kirk peer at spock hope for some assistance on the decision ; but spock merely peer back at he ex - pressionlessly : the decision be kirk 's . kirk face spock one last beat , then turn and start back to - ward he chair , call to ilia . kirk tactical plot on viewer . 185xc angle including MAIN viewer ( o ) 185xc where the image of the " powerfield cloud : change to a tactical plot of Enterprise 's conic flight path ap - proach . it show a large schematic of the cloud itself as well as a series of faintly blinking schematics of various recent position and directional attitude of the Enterprise during its approach . this blink Enterprise schematics show that the starship have go from a head - on approach to the cloud into a ( tech . advice ) skid movement around the cloud ( the star - ship always head directly toward cloud center ) , with the last Enterprise position now show it ap - roaching the cloud from a quartering rear approach . 185xd reverse angle 85xd ilia thirty second to cloud boundary ... kirk opinion , mister . spock ? spock recommend we proceede , Captain . kirk Mr. decker ... ? decker I advise caution , Captain ; we can not withstand another attack . kirk that thing be twenty hour from Earth . we know nothing about it yet . decker glance around , move close to kirk so only spock be able to overhear : decker that 's precisely the point , Captain . we do not know it will do . move into the cloud -- at this time , be a unwarranted gamble . kirk how do you define unwarranted , mister ?! decker you ask my opinion , sir . kirk look at he , then at spock , who once more be peer in momentary concentration at the viewer , feel kirk 's gaze -- and turn to he , again expre - sionlessly ; it 's up to kirk . ilia Fifteen second to cloud boundary . kirk viewer , standard ahead . 185xe angle to include viewer ( o ) 185xe Main viewer image revert to the " powerful cloud . " all peer in grim fascination at the cloud another moment . then : 186 omitted 186 187 kirk sit contemplate he next move . once again , the 187 decision be he . he look to the viewer a moment , then : kirk ( to helm ) Mr. sulu , steady as she go . sulu aye , sir . 188 ext . space - enterprise 188 as the Enterprise slowly enter deeper toward the chamber ahead . we see the sheer size of the cloud as oppose to that of the small ship now enter unknown territory . as the Enterprise enter the cloud : 189 int . bridge - reaction at what they be seeing 189 on viwscreen we see a vast array of image , spiralling image , change in size , shape , colour . its wall spin and turn , looping and twist , as the Enterprise proceed further into the cloud . amaze bridge crew member can do nothing but awe at the sight before thier eye 's . even spock have turn to view the sight now illuminate the View screen . kirk sit ponder , amaze , think " what come next ? " 189a ext . space - enterprise and v'ger 189 a move slowly through the maze of visual be see from the Main viewer . 190 int . bridge - including the viewer ( o ) 190 as the cloud obscure all now . everyone gaze at the viewer , almost mesmerize by the shifting violet power - field display . kirk ( stare at viewer , frustrated , awed ) no vessel could generate a powerfield of this magnitude ... spock Instruments fluctuate , Captain . pattern unrecognizable . sulus voice Captain ....! 191 angle on sulu 191 sulu peer toward o.s. main viewer , he eye wide with incredulity . 192 other reaction 192 Crew peer at o.s. main viewer with expression of near disbelief . similar reaction as kirk and decker turn too , reacting to : 193 what they see on MAIN viewer ( o ) 193 ( v'ger theme music up ) the cloud " aurora " effect rapidly thinning -- in the " eye of the hurricane " center of the cloud be the object which have stunne the entire bridge crew . rapidly grow in size -- already frighteningly huge . totally alien in look . its enormous bulk be irride - cent , faintly glow , suggest that it be make up of exotic combination of matter , and energy far beyond the scientific knowledge or ability of Earth 's 23rd century technology . menace and yet strangely beautiful , both at the same time . 194 various angle on the bridge crew and the viewer 194 - - 197 197 the object continue to grow rapidly in size as the Enterprise continue move toward it . everyone be awed ; even spock , from whom we discern a involuntary , impressed reaction . decker be with spock at the science console . decker incredible dimension , Sir ! ... I make it as seventy - eight kilometer in length ... all digest the dimension , as : 198 angle on the bridge elevator door 198 open to admit mccoy and chekov , whose face and hand be taut with plastiskin application . see the object on the viewer ( o.s. at this angle ) , chekov 's eye open with wide astonishment . he cross quickly to he weapon -- defense station , he eye on the viewer . mccoy , eye also fix on the sight , move to kirk 's side . uhura it could hold a crew of ten of thousand ...! mccoy or just one thousand , ten mile tall . kirk evaluation , mister spock ? 199 across kirk to spock 199 ( this will be the first time we have see spock dislay - ing a definite reaction , almost a emotion . ) so engross be spock in the main viewer image that he appear not to have hear kirk , whose ad lib a sharp " Mr. spock ...! " spock look absently at kirk a instant , then : spock ( awed ; compel ) that vessel be generate a forcefield measurably great than the radiation of the Earth 's sun . kirk ( turn to uhura ) transmit image of the alien to starfleet ; advise we be attempt further communication . uhura ( interrupt ) unable to make contact with starfleet . we transmission out of the cloud be be reflect back . ilia distance to object now seventy - thousand kilometer ... sulu ( turn ; concerned ) we be close in on it rapidly , Captain . concern reflect on the face of other too . kirk consider he next move . 200 omitted 200 - - 203 203 204 ext . space - enterprise and alien 204 camera traveling with enterprise as it move on a parallel - - close course -- alien continue to grow in size . although it already seem a impossibly large vessel compare to the Enterprise , in reality they be still ten of thousand of kilometer apart ; the incredible size of the alien be nowhere near be realize yet . 204a int . bridge - including viewer 204a tension high as -- the alien now appear so close that its image more than fill viewer . considerable tension of bridge -- crew member , throw nervous look from viewer to kirk . how much closer ?! kirk reduce magnification . factor 4 , Mr. sulu . sulu ( uneasy ) we be already two setting below that , sir . kirk ( react , then ) adjust parallel course , Navigator . bring we in to one hundred kilometer distance . very nervous look now direct toward kirk . even spock give he a glance , a raise eyebrow . 205 ext . space - camera traveling with enterprise 205 the alien object appear a dozen time larger than enterrise and still growing in size . we begin to see alien exterior detail which have not even be suspect at a longer distance . the Enterprise be now quartering in toward the intruder , come closer and closer . the alien vessel be still growing in size -- more and more , its exterior appear to be make of substance never before see by a human eye -- substance consider possible only in the wildest flight of scientific theory -- plasma-matter , energy field diamond -- hard in they power , solid sheet of subatomic particle , crystalline - lace pattern which seem capable of shifting they nature and rearranging themselves . 205a angle on intruder 205 a this time , the Enterprise travel on away from we , as its course take it angle nearer and nearer the gigantic alien intruder -- the starship dwindling in size , grow smaller , smaller , smaller ... until it be a tiny dot compare to the enormity of the alien vessel . 206 int . bridge - viewer ( o ) 206 we be come alongside the mid-section of the alien vessel , now so huge that only a small section of it now completely fill main viewer frame . sulu one hundred kilometer ... kirk hold relative position here ... kirk 's voice be blott out by a deafening , shrill - ing SOUND , accompany by a multi-hue point of light which explode into blinding intensity , obscure everything for a instant . overlap this action , we hear : computer' voice intruder alert ...! intruder alert ! continue . 207 omitted 207 208 the plasma ENERGY probe ( o ) 208 the blinding light fade and in its lace we see a strange " entity " shocking we with its frightening appearance and its ugly - sounding throbbing hum of power . it be about seven foot tall and resemble a " blob " of raw energy in shifting pattern and color of deep , ugly hue of upper spectrum violet . yet , it look strangely alive . at the end of the " tendril " ( of light ) be a " eye " ( a small multi-color device ) 209 crew reaction -- elevator in b.g . ( o ) 209 the bridge crew reacting hard , shocked and shake -- the throbbing SOUND of the alien thing intensify as it begin to move across the bridge . suddenly , in b.g. , a elevator door snap oen and two security men burst onto the bridge , phaser draw . chekov shout warningly at the Men : chekov no weapon ...! but chekov be too late : first Security man fire -- the blast harmlessly absorb by the probe which emit a screeching nerve-grate SOUND --- send out a SMALL whiplash ENERGY bolt which instantly envelope first Security man in a purple glow ( of implosion ) . second Security man have almost lift he phaser -- but now carefully , slowly be move he hand away from he weapon . 210 closer - the security men ( o ) 210 purple glow fade , the first Security man have simply vanish . 210a full shot - bridge 210 a chekov , like the other , horrify , flip a switch and the computer - voice ( " intruder alert " ) go off . at the same time chekov speak into he intercom : chekov Security ... do not send further team ! the probe be send out snake- like tendril to the various console on the bridge . this tendril lash out in a cobra-strike movement , the tendril-head seem to enter into the console affect -- at which time all monitor and instrument light there come on as if the probe be " read " each console function . the crew carefully stay clear of the tendril . spock have rise , move to kirk 's side as he slowly bring he tricorder up , very carefully extract its tiny sensor and aim it at the probe . chekov ( shake ) no intruder reading on other deck , Captain ... ( to spock ) can that be one of they crew ? spock ( quiet ) a probe from they vessel ... ( to kirk ) a plasma-energy combination ... meanwhile , the probe be now hover near chekov who sit freeze , fist clench , jaw tight . decker do not interfere with it ...! chekov absolutely , I will not interfere ! 210b angle including spock's console ( o ) 210b as the " probe " withdraw a energy - tendril from one bridge station and " insert " it into another console . kirk no one interfere ...! it do not seem interested in we -- only the ship ...! kirk 's word be never complete as suddenly all the energy tendril withdraw from all console and a larger , more powerful - look tendril lash out , snake into the science console complex . 210c closer on science console 210c where , also immediately , all the console and computer light be suddenly flash wildly , rapidly -- -- there be a incredibly fast exchange of high - pitched bee -- the computer obviously in unauthorize commu - nication with the probe ! kirk Computer off ! decker it 's take control of the computer ...! kirk it 's run we record ! starfleet strength , Earth defense ... as decker move to the main power control , spock now step in , he vulcan strength easily brush kirk and decker aside . spock clasp he fist above he head , bring it down in a shatter blow on the console . it split open ! as the bridge light dim even more , and as the science console short itself out -- and off , decker confront spock : decker we could have cut it off at the main computer ... spock this serve the purpose . kirk have be give spock a puzzle look -- spock now turn abruptly , and : 210d another angle ( o ) 210d as spock , in step back , accidentally brushes the probe 's energy tendril -- a flash of light at the contact point send spock sinning under the rail and to the floor near ilia . the probe 's energy - tendril have withdraw from the darken science console , hov - er high over the daze spock as if angrily seek the reason for the break in its computer contact . spock start to rise . ilia Mr. spock , do not move ...! decker step toward she , ad libbing a grim " ilia ...! " but he have no chance as : 211 omitted 211 - - 219 219 220 closer on ilia ( o ) 220 the probe hover over she , its whole mass seemingly about to envelope she with a single tendril extend toward she , somehow freezing she into immobility - and then the entire probe dissolves in a blinding flash of white , obscure ilia . almost instantly the white flash fade -- but ilia have vanish -- she tricorder clatter to the deck . 221 omitted 221 222 across the navigator' station to kirk and decker 222 helpless , shocked , gaze at the place ilia be -- but which be now empty . decker ( to kirk , quiet fury ) this be how I define unwarranted ! and almost at the same moment a new bridge alarm signal . 223 omitted 223 - - 232 232 233 the alarm still sounding as from the giant alien ves - 233 sel , we see strange , opaque ENERGY pattern streaking toward US . kirk vault to the command chair , lunge for control , as decker race to the weapon - defense console . decker ( voice amplify ) the ship be under attack ...! man all defensive station ...! kirk forcefield , full remain strength ...! total reserve ! appropriate alarm klaxon , and computer voice begin sounding , and all this be lose in a sudden shrilling SOUND ( a constant , high - pitch tone ) . for a moment the energy pattern be prominent on the viewer -- and then the pattern vanished and the shrill SOUND fade -- and : 234 favor the viewer ( o ) 234 show v'ger growing rapidly in size . the Enterprise be be pull along the length of the big ship , toward its " prow . " spock Captain , we have be seize by a tractor beam ...! kirk ( to decker ) get someone up here to take the Navigator 's station ...! ( into intercom ) Engineering ... full emergency power ! decker ( into intercom ) Chief difalco to the bridge ; on the double ! 234a engineering 234a in a state of control chaos , all personnel at they station , the engine core glowing . Scott be work he control , speak into the intercom : scott go to full emergency ... ( study reading ) but Captain , if we do not break free in fifteen second , she will burn up ... 234b int . bridge - favoring spock 234b as spock study he reading , and : spock we can not break free , Captain . ( indicate monitor ) we do not have a fraction of the power necessary . kirk ( into intercom ) delay that order , scotty ...! disengage all main drive system ! spock peer in deep concentration at the Main viewer , try to sense some clue . kirk glance at he another moment , then turn to the Main viewer himself , watch in frustrated helplessness . 235 ext . the enterprise be pulled toward v'ger ( S ) 235 the starship be pull toward the giant as though on a taut cable . as we move closer , we see still more intricate detail of the incredible alien design . 236 int . bridge - including viewer ( o ) 236 as difalco arrive on the run , and decker ad lib to she , " assume Navigator 's station , Chief ...! " difalco , bewilder , want to ask what happen , but no time , and she quickly sit at the post , begin orient herself . meanwhile , decker have begin a executive Officer 's bridge circuit , assist with various con - sole . kirk be glance toward spock who continue concentrate on the viewer , strive to comprehend the myriad of thought he be sense from he alien . mccoy also arrive on the bridge , take in the chaotic scene , watch the viewer grimly . 237 omitted 237 - - 238 238 239 ext . enterprise and v'ger ( S ) 239 at the forward end of the giant , a odd - shap " iris " begin open menacingly . and it be frighteningly obvious that the tractor beam be pull the Enterprise to the open . 240 int . bridge - including viewer ( o ) 240 show the unusual " iris " now almost fully open as Enterprise be draw closer , closer -- through the " iris " we now see ( some of ) v'ger 's interior : a dark void relieved only by strange flicker glow of dis - tant ENERGY field pattern . the crew react with understandable awe , apprehension , curiosity , as : decker Captain , suggest a maximum phaser strike directly at the beam might weaken it just enough for we to break free -- spock reply for kirk : quickly , as though to make he point convincingly : spock break free to where , Commander ...? ( to kirk ) any show of resistance would not only be futile , catain ... 240xa across spock to kirk ( decker and mccoy in b.g. ) 240xa as kirk react somewhat curiously to spock 's remark , but it be decker who articulate it : decker ( troubled ; suspicious ) we do not know that , Mr. spock . why be you oppose to try ? before spock can reply : uhura they be pull we inside ...! all face the viewer again , react , with mccoy who have be observe all this reaction now galvanize into action : mccoy ( to chekov ) Medical observer to all deck ! and he hurry toward the elevator , camera with he a moment , then swinging back to : 240a past kirk to viewer ( o ) 240 a kirk stare at the viewer -- the " iris " now fully open so that the exterior of v'ger be no longer visible -- and all we can see be the monstrous void dead ahead , which be loom faster and larger before we eye . and now we be inside . 241 omitted 241 - - 243 243 244 ext . enterprise and v'ger - at the " Iris " ( S ) 244 Enterprise now be pull past the open -- into the ship proper . now we can see that the dark void be actually a vast chamber , dimly and intermittently light by powerfield appear and vanish along the vessel 's inner wall , which be mile away in the distance . and here and there in the chamber gigantic ENERGY display erupt briefly with a certain symmetry that suggest they must be part of v'ger 's ower or control system . 245 int . bridge - including viewer ( o ) 245 kirk peer awed at the viewer , the incredible sight of the chamber -- suddenly glance up to see that spock be stand beside he -- decker nearby , turn to spock : decker ( to spock ) why bring we inside ? not to destroy we ; they could have do that outside . kirk they could have many way of destroy thing , Mr. decker . spock ( peer at viewer ) something about we puzzle they ... perhaps even concern they . 245a angle on uhura 245 a reacting to a console read : uhura Captain , photic-sonar reading indicate the aperture be close ; we be trap , sir ...! 246 ext . the enterprise entering v'ger ( S ) 246 the starship be pull inside , the " iris " be close behind it . 247 int . bridge - favoring the viewer ( o ) 247 the viewer image change from the huge dark chamber , rear angle shot , show the " iris " close . sulu reverse angle on the viewer , Captain . on the viewer the final glimmer from exterior space as the " iris " close completely . 248 reaction 248 all eye on the viewer , camera finding one face after another , the reality of the situation etched into each face . then : 248a favoring kirk 248a as spock turn from a read : spock the tractor beam have release we , Captain . difalco confirm : vessel be float free . no forward momentum . kirk viewer ahead . sulu viewer ahead , sir . 248b insert - MAIN viewer 248b ahead , the cavernous interior of v'ger . 248c back to shot 248c kirk eying the main viewer -- decker watch kirk . kirk maneuver thruster , Mr. sulu ; ahead one third . ( to spock ) full sensor scan , Mr. spock ; they can not expect we not to look they over now ! sulu ( manipulate control ) thrusters ahead , one third . spock ( manipulate control ) commence sensor scan . kirk rise , go to spock 's station . 249 int . v'ger entrance chamber - enterprise ( S ) 249 the Enterprise move slowly forward in this vastness , its run light merely speck of light , candle in the darkness . in the distance that occasional erupt - ing power display in distant location , size , shape and pattern . 250 int . bridge - including MAIN viewer ( o ) 250 show another persective of the above , and further away glowing ENERGY field dimly illuminate the alien ship 's wall -- mile away . strange semi--solid light shape ( some be " sensor - bee " swarm ) traverse the dark - ness in random direction . but in the distance ahead , there seem to be a open to another chamber . sulu ( of viewer ) something ahead , sir ; look like another area ... ( react ) it 's close up ...! sulu be indicate what appear to be a lace - bulwark of powerfield pattern close off the " chamber " in the distance ahead . kirk , from the Science Station call out : kirk hold station ...! sulu ( manipulate control ) thrusters at station keep ... 251 angle emphasizing spock 251 at he Science console , work rapidly , shifting from one set of control to another . now he hit a master control -- he console monitor flash , then go dark . spock Captain ... spock bring a monitor image on again , indicate a ( povill ) pattern show a line hit something , then reversing direction . spock ( continue ) all scan be be reflect back , Captain . we sensor be useless . 251a across they to the MAIN viewer 251a kirk react with disappointment , indicate the main viewer . kirk have you be able to analyze any of this ...? spock ( voice increasingly reverential ) I believe the light flare to be energy field -- undoubtedly part of the vessel 's inner mechanism . a technology so incredibly sophisticated that I cannot -- computer voice ( overlap ) intruder alert ! intruder alert ..! ( continue ) 252 omitted 252 - - 253 253 254 angle on chekov 254 reacting to a console read : chekov deck four , Captain ; officer ' quarter ...! kirk ( to chekov ) have a security team meet I at deck four main elevator ! a moment 's reaction from all at this , kirk hurry toward elevator , call : kirk ( continue ) take the conn , Mr. decker : hold present position ... ( gesture spock to join he ) spock ... and spock rise , join kirk and they hurriedly exit , the camera swinging back to decker , he perplex con - cern ( because of ilia ) . 254a int . ilia' cabin - the sonic shower 254a where we see , behind the translucent stall door , what be unmistakably the form of the nude female . 255 int . ilia' cabin - kirk 255 enter , spock slightly behind he - and one Security Guard . kirk glance around the room , now glance at the shower area and react as he see the naked form . the other react similarly , even spock can not help be - press a expression of surprise . a moment 's uncer - tainty as kirk peer at they , then he step to the stall door , hesitates another instant -- then slide the door open . ( note : arrange lighting for bizarre , mysterious effect . ) kirk 's eye cannot believe what he be see : 255a " ilia " 255 a stand in the sonic mist , naked but for a small multi-color button embed in she throat . as she look at kirk -- and the other -- the man peer back at she , speechless . " ilia " I have be program by v'ger to observe and record normal function of the carbon - base unit infest USS enterprise . kirk peer at she another nonpluss moment , then lean into the shower to touch a control , he eye fix on the lovely body behind the mist . he punch in a three digit code . immediately a humming SOUND emanate from the shower stall , kirk close the door , but ' ilia " remain inside . 256 across kirk and the other to the shower stall 256 the humming SOUND just now reach a gentle crescendo -- through the translucent door you can see color enveloping " ilia be " form . and now the SOUND stop . " ilia " , attire in a leisure robe , step from the stall , into the room . she stand face kirk , she face impas - sive , eye unblink . he look she back a moment , then glance at spock , who be gaze at " ilia " in abso - lute fascination . kirk address she : kirk who be ...' v'ger ' ...? " ilia " v'ger be that which program I . kirk be v'ger the Captain of the alien vessel ? 256a angle on the door - mccoy 256a rush in , concerned : mccoy Jim , what 's -- at the sight of ' ilia " , mccoy 's word die in he throat -- and he train eye have instantly tell he some - thing be awry . he unsling he tricorder , aim the sensor unit at " ilia " . as he read he instrument , he face reveal the result ( incredulity , fascination ) . meanwhile , from the start : " ilia " v'ger be that which seek the creator . mccoy ( of " ilia " ) Jim , this be a mechanism ...! kirk stare at mccoy , then at " ilia " and realize that " ilia " be indeed non-human . and quickly : kirk where be Lt. ilia ? " ilia " that unit no longer function . I have be give its form to more readily communicate with the carbon - base unit infest Enterprise . security guard " carbon -base unit " ...? mccoy ( drily ) human , ensign lang : we . ( continue tricorder exam , increasingly impressed ) kirk ( to " ilia " ) why do v'ger travel to the third planet of the solar system directly ahead ? " ilia " v'ger travel to the third planet to find the creator . stun , disbely reaction as all four attempt to digest this -- spock gaze at " ilia " with even more rapt fascination . kirk , bewilder , address the other : kirk find the creator ? what creator ? whose ...!? ( to " ilia " ) what do v'ger want of the ' creator ' ... ? " ilia " to join with he . 256b favoring spock 256b suddenly alert , address " ilia " : spock join with the creator ... ? how ? " ilia " v'ger and the creator will become one . spock who be the creator ? mccoy ( worried ) Mr. spock , be careful . " ilia " the creator be that which create v'ger . kirk who be v'ger ? " ilia " v'ger be that which seek the creator . another moment of total exasperation , frustration , during which " ilia " seem to be wait politely , patiently for any further question . when none be forthcoming : " ilia " ( continue ; pleasant , bland ) I be ready to commence my observation . spock ( fast ; to mccoy ) Doctor , a thorough examination of this probe might provide some insight into that who manufacture it , and how to deal with they . mccoy let 's get she to sickbay . and he grasp " ilia 's " arm to escort she . but be as though he have seize cast iron : immovable . mccoy be throw off balance merely by ' ilia 's " remain sta - tionary . she ignore mccoy , address kirk : " ilia " I be program to observe and record normal function procedure of the carbon - base unit . 256b kirk glance at mccoy , who be totally bemuse , but then 256b kirk quickly respond to " ilia " : kirk the examination be a normal function . " ilia " ( a beat ) you may proceede . mccoy ( carefully ) thank you . 257 close shot of examining room viewer ( o ) 257 scan a " body " . pull back to show mccoy , Chapel , kirk , spock and chekov -- stand over " ilia " who lie prone on the table , the physician move the scanner over she . mccoy ( from the start ; indicate ) ... micro-miniature hydraulics , sensor , molecule - size multi- processor chip ... and look at this ... in the b.g. , decker enter , grimly observe the proceed - ing . chapel ( impressed ) a osmotic micro-pump ... here and here . even the smallest body function be exactly duplicate . ( trace with finger on screen ) and every exocrine system be here , too -- Chapel break off abruptly , notice " ilia " be peer intently -- almost with a glimmer of recognition -- at decker . slightly disconcert , Chapel continue : chapel ( continue ) -- even eye moisture . " ilia " ( peer at decker ) deck -- er. 257a favoring spock 257a as everyone react to " ilia 's " utterance of decker 's name . it seem to make the deep impression on spock , confirm something he have suspect . spock ( to " ilia " ) interesting . not ' decker-unit ' ? " ilia " continue peer at decker with just a hint of a puzzle frown , a glimmer of distant recognition . it 's the first time we have see she expression look anything but cool and bland . this result in the quizzical rise of one of spock 's eyebrow . 258 another angle 258 mccoy 's examination now turn " ilia " away from the other . spock quickly catch kirk 's and decker 's attention , indicate a adjoin door -- they fol - low he out of the room . 259 int . mccoy's office 259 as kirk , spock and decker enter , the door snap shut -- and spock touch the electronic lock to secure they . he face the other : spock Captain ... this probe may be a key a key to the alien . decker it 's a program mechanism , Mr. spock ... spock we have just see that its body duplicate we navigator in precise detail . suppose that beneath its programming , the real ilia 's memory pattern be duplicate with equal precision . kirk they have a pattern to follow ... spock ( nod ) ... they may have follow it too precisely . kirk ( comprehend ) ilia 's memory , she feeling of loyalty , friendship , obedience ... might all be there . 259a angle on decker 259a also comprehend , and not like it one bit as spock and kirk be both turn they attention to he . spock exactly . ( to decker ) and you do have a ' relationship ' with Lieutenant ilia , Commander . decker that probe in there -- in a different form now -- be the same thing that kill ilia ! kirk Commander , we be lock in a alien vessel , six hour from Earth orbit , we only contact with we captor be the probe . if we can control it , persuade it , use it in some way ... interrupted by the SOUND of someone try to open the lock door behind they . then a metal ripping SOUND as they whirl to see : 260 medical office door 260 with the metal buckling , tearing -- and a single hand slice the steel door like paper . it be the " ilia " probe , she face absolutely impassive , she whole manner incongruously benign . ( behind she , a startle mccoy , Chapel and chekov . ) " ilia " speak flatly , blandly . " ilia " I have record enough here . ( motion to kirk ) you will now assist I further . kirk exchange a quick glance with spock . then : kirk ( indicate decker ) the decker-unit can assist you with much great efficiency ... " ilia " have seem about to object -- but now she eye hold on decker . then she nod . kirk ( continue ) carry on with you assignment , Mr. decker . 260a another angle - across decker to the smashed door 260a ( and " ilia " ) as decker look at " ilia " who stand at the tear door . you can read decker 's mind : I be suppose to persuade that ?! he turn back , find kirk 's eye on he . decker nod . decker aye , sir . " ilia " and a reluctant decker exit . 260b emphasizing spock 260b look very troubled as they watch decker and " ilia " leave . kirk notice . kirk spock ? concerned about he chance ? spock I be uneasy with that be we only hope of more information . spock exit . 261 int . v'ger - the enterprise 261 float in the vast , eerie , alien chamber -- sporadic flash of ENERGY , erupting now and then . various other effect . over this , kirk 's voice : kirk ( v.o. ) Captain 's log. stardate 7414.1. we best estimate place we some four hour from Earth . no significant ilia memory pattern within the alien probe . this remain we only mean of contact with we captor . 262 int . enterprise airlock area 262 the area dimly light -- unoccupy but for a lone airlock technician check and adjust instrument . the camera move past he to find : 263 spock 263 his face fix with grim determination , walk quietly with obvious intent not to attract the tech 's attention . now he steal up behind the tech -- and in a instant have apply a vulcan nerve pinch . the tech slump over he console . 264 int kirk cabin - viewer monitor 264 show a close shot of enterprise picture , then pull back slightly for a image of decker and " ilia " walk - ing through the rec deck . pull back further to show kirk watch this -- and with he be mccoy . they continue watch a troubled beat , as : decker ( of picture ) all this vessel be call " Enterprise " . " ilia " be give the picture a very interested look as we hear in kirk 's cabin : uhura' intercom voice ( control excitement ) Bridge to Captain ... 265 omitted 265 266 int . bridge - uhura' station ( science station in 266 b.g . ) uhura at she console , struggle to hear the signal . kirk intercom voice kirk here . in the b.g. , spock 's station a maintenance team be replace the break Science Station computer . ( spock be conspicuously absent . ) uhura a faint signal from starfleet , sir . they have the intruder on they monitor ... ( struggle to hear ) they show we ... three hour ... twenty - four minute from Earth ! kirk voice ( through intercom ) thank you . 267 int . recreation deck 267 decker and " ilia " , the rec deck unoccupy but for a pair of wary security guard at a very discreet dis - tance . they be near the picture of the five enter - prise , which should be feature in this shot , as decker wave he hand about the huge room . decker the carbon unit use this area for recreation ... ( carefully ) what type of recreation do the crew aboard you vessel enjoy ...? 268 closer two shot ( picture o.s. ) 268 as " ilia " move on into the room , decker follow : " ilia " the word ' recreation ' and ' enjoy ' have no meaning to my programming . decker peer at the lovely android with frustration -- and no little pain , for she be after all the exact replica of ilia . she pay not the slight attention to decker 's reaction , and begin walk about the rec deck take in ( and , clearly , transmit all image to v'ger ) the sight . they be near a game area ( elec - tronic game ) , and now decker point to one game , switch it on -- press button to activate its light and sound . " ilia " watch interestedly as decker operate the game . decker ilia ' enjoy ' this game ... she nearly always win -- and he demonstrate again , as " ilia " step to the device , deftly hit some button -- and for just a instant she turn to decker with a momentary glimmer of recognition . 269 int . kirk cabin - group watching the monitor 269 mccoy watch with special interest : mccoy ( approve ) good ! he 's use audial - visual association . but the word be not out of mccoy 's mouth when " ilia " say : " ilia " this device serve no purpose . she step away from the game ; decker 's disappointment be evident . so be everyone else . kirk damn ...! mccoy ( nod grimly ) she need something else : something much more personal to stimulate memory pattern . something with a more emotional tie . kirk react to this , reflective . 270 int . rec deck full on decker and " ilia " 270 decker wave back toward the general area of the Enterprise picture . decker the crew of the previous enterprise be also carbon unit . in what way be the life form in you vessel different ? " ilia " carbon unit be not true life form ... do that image repre - send how Enterprise have evolve into its present form ? decker ( hope he 's strike a responsive chord ) yes . " ilia " carbon unit have clearly retarded Enterprise 's proper evolvement . decker ( control surprise ) what be Enterprise 's proper evolvement ? " ilia " Enterprise should not require the presence of carbon unit . and with this she move off , observe other rec deck object . decker move with she ; then : decker ( carefully ) Enterprise would be unable to function without carbon unit . " ilia " more data concern this function be necessary before carbon unit can be pattern for data storage . 271 across " ilia " to decker 271 as he react to this ominous note ; he stop abruptly . decker what do that mean ? " ilia " ( stop ; almost pleasantly ) when my examination be complete , the carbon unit will be reduce to data pattern . this have be deliver with chill blandness , and she stand face decker , almost as though wait for he to thank she . he think fast now . decker within you be memory pattern of a carbon unit . if I can help you revive this pattern ; you could understand we function better . " ilia " that be logical . you may procede . 272 on decker 272 realize the difficult task ahead ; the pain he will suffer . 273 int . v'ger - angle up toward enterprise ( m ) 273 the ship stationary in the chamber as now we see a exterior hatch slide fully open . up through the hatch a circular airlock door open -- and a tiny figure in a thruster spacesuit emerge , step into space , slowly float down through the hatch and under the Enterprise saucer section . in this and subsequent view we will see that on the rear pack of he thruster spacesuit be a flashing strobe light which regularly emit the identify signal of this particular suit . ( by which kirk will be able to see spock 's position even from several mile away . ) 274 closer on the spacesuited figure ( m ) 274 moving toward the camera until the feature behind the face mask be clearly identifiable : spock , he face set in the same grim , determine expression , as he touch he spacesuit transmitter control . spock Computer , commence recording . Captain kirk -- this message will detail my attempt to contact the alien ... 275 int . bridge 275 kirk entering , crossing uhura as she call : uhura starfleet signal , sir , grow in strength ... ( listen intently ) they -- have intruder on they monitor -- it 's decelerate -- powerfield cloud beginning to dissipate ... sulu confirm , Captain . lunar beacon indicate intruder on a course into Earth orbit ... chekov ( interrupt ) Sir ! airlock four have be open ; a thruster suit be report miss ! kirk ( react knowingly ) spock ...! ( to navigator ) get a fix on he position ! 276 int . v'ger - mo . on spock 276 his feature now set into a almost trance - like expre - sion as he concentrate on the think emanation . then we see he head turn , he peer off -- then he move he thruster control . we see the small blue jet of he thruster -- he spacesuit figure begin to move off in the direction he be concentrate upon . 277 another angle - spock 277 his thruster move he across v'ger 's vast chamber then drop down into a deep " trough " - like area which stretch into the distance ahead of he . a cloud of crystal form ( kirk 's entrapment ) become visible to one side but spock pass they at some dis - tance and do not attract they . we can see more clearly now the point on the inner wall of the trough toward which spock be head . it be a unusual combination of glowing forcefield which seem to mark this point of the vessel as of some importance . ( here , also , we will become aware of " sensor - bee " swarm , intermittently darting toward this same wall from all point of the chamber . ) 278 int . airlock area 278 showing kirk in a thruster spacesuit , helmet be readied by airlock technician . mccoy be also here , argue with kirk : kirk ( from the start ) ... I do not want he stop , Bones ; I want he to lead I to whatever 's out there ...! mccoy and if that ' whatever ' have take over he mind ....? kirk then he will have still lead I to it , will not he ? and kirk step into the airlock door , hit a control -- it begin slide close behind he . 279 int . v'ger - angle up toward enterprise 279 up through the circular airlock door as it slide open -- and kirk 's tiny spacesuite figure float down clear of the saucer . 280 closer on kirk 280 seeing he face through the spacesuit faceplate as he scan the darkness . sulus voice Bridge , Captain . we make spock as 26 Mark 345 degree off ship 's axis . during which , kirk spot something . 281 kirk Pov 281 spock 's strobe blinker at a mile or so distance , near v'ger 's inner wall . 282 angle on kirk 282 kirk I have he in sight . during which , kirk touch he thruster control and blue thruster jet propel he off in the direction indicate . his thruster come on for a longer period of time as he accelerate to the higher speed necessary to overtake spock ... 283 int . ilia' quarter 283 the door snapping open , and " ilia " , mccoy and decker enter . then camera reveal Chapel already inside , look through some female adornment she 's find there . chapel I remember Lt. ilia once mention that she wear this ... decker ( reacting ; tight ) ... when we meet . clearly this be very painful to decker . meanwhile , Chapel hand the deltan headband to " ilia " . chapel ( gently ) put it on . " ilia " have not the slight idea what to do with the headband , hold it , run she finger over the jewel and feather embed into it . Chapel take it from she , place it on ' ilia 's " head , now switch on the light illuminate the dress table mirror -- stand behind she with decker , both watch apprehensively . 284 angle on " ilia " 284 study she image in the mirror , she face totally blank a moment , but then break into a bemuse frown -- as though try to remember . and : chapel ( helpfully ) ilia ... decker ( quiet ; urging ) on Delta ... remember ...? and it seem that " ilia " do remember . she peer at she image , then set the headband into its exact proper position . then she turn and look at they with recognition . " ilia " ( haltingly ) Dr. Chapel ... 285 across chapel to decker 285 as Chapel smile , pleased , and look at decker who stare at " ilia " nonpluss . this be ilia come alive ! " ilia " ( to decker ) " will ... " and she touch he hand , run she own hand over it , and smile . decker be completely overwhelm , struggle for word and look to mccoy for some kind of help . mccoy realize decker be lose himself in fantasy . mccoy ( gently remind ) Commander ... this be a mechanism ... decker be startle , and for another slit-second he 's lose -- but then he realize the reality , and what he should do : decker ( gently ; but urgingly ) ilia , help we make direct contact with v'ger ... " ilia I ... cannot . decker look at " ilia 's " hand still rest on he . then : decker then tell we who v'ger be ; where he 's from ... W need you help . for another moment " ilia " continue smile at decker , hold he hand . then , abruptly , the smile vanish -- the hand be release . clearly , she 's again the probe , as : " ilia " why have two carbon unit enter v'ger ...? decker glance at mccoy , who shake he head almost imperceptibly : he do not know . but decker have a obvious reply : decker they want to make contact with v'ger ... ( try to revive " ilia 's " memory again ; touch she hand ) ilia ... " ilia " peer at he blankly , allow he to continue touch she hand , but obviously it mean nothing to she . decker ( continue ; distress , to " ilia " ) do v'ger object to the presence of the two carbon unit ? " ilia " the carbon unit be of no consequence ; v'ger will determine they purpose . mccoy they purpose be to survive . " ilia " that be also v'ger 's purpose . decker 's face reflect he bemusement : decker you say v'ger 's purpose be to find and join with the creator . " ilia " that be how v'ger will survive . 286 on decker 286 as now , the bemusement change to just the slight enlightenment . " ilia " I wish to continue my observation . 287 int . v'ger - kirk maneuvering within the chamber 287 kirk but a small object , thruster jet occasionally spurting as he guide himself deeper into the trench as he continue forward progress in the direction he see spock take . 288 closer on kirk 288 so we can see he face ( through the plate ) , as he look ahead into the distance toward spock . 289 kirk Pov ( o ) 289 spock 's strobe signal closer and spock 's tiny space - suite figure now become dimly visible as he move steadily toward the glowing forcefield of the inner wall . 290 on kirk 290 his attention fix on spock , he never notice until a instant too late a o.s. object ; quickly he hit a thruster control , and we see the maneuvering jet turn he to the side as : 291 wider angle - kirk and the blob formation ( o ) 291 a swarm of strange- look translucent crystal - like form on a collision course with kirk . ( note : they be travel randomly , and be not deliberate ob - struction . however , kirk 's nearness now have attract they and the swarm of they head in he direction . kirk try to avoid they ; he hit a second maneuvering jet -- but he overcompensate , and spin straight into the intercept swarm of they . 292 mo . shot - kirk ( o ) 292 as the nearest crystal form whip into shot , adhere to kirk 's spacesuit . he hit full maneuvering jets now , seem to make some escape , but still more form whip in , adhere . kirk Bridge ...! 293 int . bridge - emphasizing helm 293 all eye anxiously on the o.s. main viewer . kirk voice ... stand by , I may be in trouble ... sulu hit the viewer magnification control . 294 angle to MAIN viewer ( m ) 294 as the distant strobe flash of kirk 's spacesuit be magnified closer , pull kirk into medium long shot . we can see the detail of the swarm of form adhere . but we can see that kirk 's spacesuit be now about half cover with they ! 294a reverse angle 294a expression of bridge crew to reflect the horror of what they be see as : sulu you phaser , Captain ...! use you phaser ...! kirk voice ( transmitter , weak ) can not ... reach ... phas -- ( transmission break off in heavy static ) chekov airlock two and four -- prepare to launch rescue team ! ( glance at viewer ) Chief lang ! get they out there ! fast ! sulu Mr. spock , the Captain be in trouble , directly behind you -- three hundred meter ! ( beat ) Mr. spock ! look of distress be exchange . 295 int . v'ger - spock 295 spock 's spacesuite figure moving toward the camera , as we hear : kirk voice ( weak ; static ) ... spock ...! ... need help ...! ... trap ...! no indication at first that spock have hear ; he face set with determination , he eye fix on he destin- ation : the inner wall . kirk voice ( continue ; weaken ; static ) ... pressure on I ...! ... can not move ...! spock ...! 296 on spock - close 296 as kirk 's voice stop -- and all that be hear now be the heavy static crackle ominously . spock 's expression flicker , then he hit reverse thruster jets , stop -- he turn to glance at the inner wall , then he thruster turn he so he can look back the way he come from . but he cannot resist kirk 's call ; he suddenly hit he thruster control , then jets flare , and : 297 wider angle - spock 297 as thruster jets accelerate he back toward kirk . 298 int . bridge - viewer ( m ) 298 show kirk 's spacesuit completely cover , encase in the blob . kirk be no longer move . but in the distance , face toward he be spock ! 299 int . v'ger - kirk and spock 299 with spock in the near distance , head toward the camera . as he approach kirk , spock bring out he phaser . now he hit the control for the reverse jets -- he slow rapidly as he approach kirk 's now complete - ly encase spacesuit . spock make a quick phaser adjustment . 300 angle on spock and kirk encased spacesuit ( o ) ( S ) 300 spock level the phaser carefully . fire . the phaser beam strike the blob form -- it shatter , the piece disintegrating . 301 int . v'ger - spock and kirk 301 face each other while hover in space . kirk Bridge , cancel rescue team . ( hard ) spock , what in the hell be you do out here ! spock I be seek answer , Captain . kirk ( with insight ) answer to what , spock ? we dilemma -- or you personal one ? spock do not immediately reply , peer at kirk through the faceplate a long beat , then abruptly look away , point off into the distance : 302 another angle - including inner wall ( o ) 302 we can see what appear to be sparkling globule of light darting toward the inner wall in the distance , then disappear there . ( we will see other swarm occasionally too , come from different direction -- they will later be identify as " sensor swarm " on closer examination . ) spock ( point ) Captain , I believe there we will find a indication of whoever -- or whatever -- be aboard this vessel ... kirk weigh alternative , then push he thruster control and begin move in the direction spock indicate . they thruster jet flash , propel they toward the point on the inner wall . 303 int . v'ger - at inner wall 303 the most prominent area of the vast inner wall -- the pattern on the wall here seem to glow with life . the spacesuite figure of kirk and spock enter scene , glide slowly toward what seem to be the central part of these pattern . 304 closer on kirk and spock 304 as they approach and then we see the brief reverse thruster and then forward momentum stop ; motionless . then spock see something , indicate . 305 long angle to include sensor swarm ( o ) 305 now , we see that they be tiny , multi-color point of flashing light -- almost like swarm of bee . they approach the inner wall at this central point and seem to " disappear " through the orifice . 306 kirk and spock - another " swarm " approaching ( o ) 306 this " sensor swarm " have be come from a direction that will take they close past kirk and spock . then , as it pass , spock reach out quickly , grab . he turn to kirk , he hand close on something . 307 close on kirk and spock ( against " tube " wall ) 307 spock open he hand , retain a hold on something with he finger . he bring it up to kirk 's face mask -- it 's a tiny sensor , its multi-color flash as it try to escape from spock 's finger . and in this close view , we see that this be a sensor very much like the one we have see earlier embed in the ilia-probe 's throat hollow . then spock release it and it dart to join the sensor swarm near the open of the inner wall . 308 kirk and spock's Pov ( o ) 308 from this closer distance , we see that a open ap - pear in the wall , admit the sensor swarm , then close immediately . 309 back to shot 309 kirk and spock exchange a look . they thruster jets ignite briefly , move they in that direction . 310 int . v'ger - kirk and spock ( o ) 310 closely approach the inner wall now , timing they movement to coincide with the arrival of another " swarm " -- the wall begin open . the " swarm " through , the wall begin close -- but spock and kirk slip in before it close . 311 int . " memory cave " - spock and kirk 311 the wall close behind they , they be safely inside . but as they stop they forward momentum , they eye widen with awe and surprise at what they be see : 311a what they see ( m ) 311a the long " cave " chamber with its row of huge mediator ball extend into the distance . to one side , the gleam crystal memory wall . 311b kirk and spock 311b as spock make a quick analysis and estimate of what they be see . then , he take out he tricorder again , propel himself toward the memory crystal . kirk follow . 311c at memory crystal 311c as spock adjust he tricorder through several reading . spock it would appear that the atomic array of this crystal store information . a remarkably efficient system . kirk ( indicate ) and this ' sensor-swarms ' collect that data , carry it here . spock ( nod ; indicate ) New crystal : they must contain the most recent data obtain -- and spock touch one of this new crystal ( it will be shinier , more pulsate than the other ) : another rapid profusion of faint image , but this time include a pattern - like image of klingon , klingon vessel ( the one destroy by the cloud ) , and obvious starfleet personnel -- and the epsilon 9 station . also , a pattern of the Security Guard kill by the probe . and ilia . kirk klingon ... we epsilon 9 station ... and ilia !! they seem to be more than just image ... spock ( agree ) exact pattern . the energy bolt that hit they be not simply a weapon -- it dematerialized they , store they . but why ? and he turn and begin move on , study the wall , consulting he tricorder . 312 across they to another section of the wall 312 spock inspect this area at which the " new " crystal be pulsating and glowing , and which appear to be a termination of the Crystal area , continue on and dis - appear through the wall . kirk if this be they ship 's data bank , where be the crew ? or be they entire ship automated ? spock Captain , I do not believe there be a crew -- or that this be a vessel as such . a beat , as kirk react incredulously . spock ( continue ) I be almost certain now that all of this be v'ger -- I believe that we be inside a life form , a live machine . spock turn he spacesuit , turn he tricorder out to - ward the mediator ball , take a read in that di - rection . then a glance to kirk . spock I must attempt mindmeld with it , Captain . spock touch he spacesuit control ; the thruster jets move he out toward the mediator ball . kirk ( warningly ) spock ... 313 angle at mediator ball 313 spock reach the Ball , halt he momentum and remove one gauntlet , bare he hand . stretch the bare hand toward a part of it which look strangely " alive . " the very power generate from this area be clearly affect spock 's hand . meanwhile , kirk have use he thruster to join he . kirk spock , if you be right , its mind may be enormous ... but spock pay he no attention , he entire be now focus on the pulsating glow of the " alive " area -- the camera moving in closer to spock , as he force he hand toward that surface , closer , closer . 314 kirk 314 watch , almost mesmerize . torn between want to pull spock away from the wall -- and know that spock must go through with it . for everyone 's sake . 315 closer on spock 315 prepare for the ordeal , move he hand to the " liv - ing area , " the invisible force even stronger -- but spock 's strength unwaver , and now he touch the surface -- and it flare with strange ENERGY at the touch . and at the same moment spock ' body convulse as if ten of thousand of volt of electricity be charge through he . 316 close on spock's face 316 as he begin to shudder with the shock , the camera continue into extreme close - up as we see spock 's mouth open -- he scream . camera into extreme close shot of spock's eye . 317 camera zoom - through spock's eye 317 music in and up as we travel through abstract image ( per con pederson discussion ) . symbolize v'ger 's incredible and complex store of mechanistic knowledge , this image suggest pattern of atom , molecule , galaxy , dimension of the universe beyond human knowledge or comprehension . it take only fifteen or twenty second , but seem to span aeon , take we through micro-infinity and macro-infinity . dissolve to : 318 int . dispensary - spock's eye 318 camera bridging back out through spock's eye and into angle on spock's face as he lie in a sickbay bed . his eye be open ; he be stare straight ahead as if in a catatonic state , completely unaware of he surroundings . then Doctor Chapel lean into scene , move a medical scanner over the brain area . chapel now scan pon area at spinal nerve fiber connection ... 319 angle on mccoy and kirk 319 mccoy at a console , watch reading he be get from Chapel 's scanner . kirk watch mccoy anxiously . mccoy indication of some neurological trauma -- the power pour through that mind - meld must have be staggering ... before kirk can reply , they hear a laugh ! a abrupt , harsh , bitter laugh . 320 across they to sickbay 320 as all whirl to the patient area where it be obviously spock who have just laugh -- but there be no indication of laughter from he now . a startle Chapel have step back away from the bed . spock seem to be attempt to focus , orient himself as kirk and mccoy hurry to the bedside . spock ( quiet ) Jim ... and spock reach out a hand weakly . , take a surprised kirk 's hand in he . mccoy exchange a surprised glance with kirk , as spock -- clutching kirk 's hand in friend - ship and need -- struggle to summon strength to speak . spock ( continue ) this simple feel ... ( look at kirk ) ... be so far beyond v'ger 's comprehension . 321 another angle 321 with kirk and mccoy exchange another surprised glance ( at spock 's emotion ) , with mccoy gesture kirk not to question it . kirk ( gently ) be you right ? spock ? v'ger be a live machine ...? spock ( nodd ) a life form of its own ; a conscious , live entity . chapel ( reacting ) a live machine ...?! mccoy ( to Chapel ) we be live machine , too : protein mechanism . kirk nod at mccoy . kirk and it consider the Enterprise a live machine : that 's why the probe refer to we ship as a entity . chapel if it think we ship be alive what do it think we be ? mccoy ( dryly ) a ' infestation ' -- bacteria ... microbe . 322 another angle 322 as spock turn to kirk . spock I see v'ger 's planet : a planet populate by live machine . unbelievable technology . ( pain ) v'ger have knowledge that span this universe . and ... in all this order ... all this magnificence , v'ger feel no awe ... no delight ... no beauty ... ( a beat ; exhaust ) I should have know ... kirk wait for spock to continue , but spock seem too weak . kirk know what , spock ? what ? but spock fall back , exhaust -- and mccoy gently tug at kirk , ad - libbing , " let he rest , Jim ... " kirk shrug mccoy away , address spock : kirk ( continue ) what should you have know ? spock ( weak ) no meaning ... no hope ... ( summoning strength ) and , Jim , no answer ...! Jim , it 's look for answer itself ! kirk what answer ? spock ' be this all I be ? be there not more ? ' just then a intercom signal : uhura' voice a faint signal from starfleet , sir ! intruder cloud have be locate on they outer monitor for past twenty - seven minute ... dissipate rapidly as it approach . immediately , sulu 's voice : sulus voice starfleet report forward velocity have slowed to sub - warp speed ! we be three minute from Earth 's orbit ! - kirk ( into intercom ) I will be right there ... ( to Chapel ; crisp ) I need spock on the bridge . 323 another angle 323 as Chapel urn to a mo tech , ad lib a order , " dalaphaline , twenty cc 's ... " as the tech quickly set the hypo-injector , and hand it to Chapel - and she inject spock , the hypo emit a fast , quiet hiss -- kirk gaze at spock just a instant as spock breathes deeply , the drug clearly strengthen he . Chapel and the tech help spock from the bed , as kirk address mccoy : kirk a machine planet ...? send a machine to Earth look for its creator ...? mccoy god. kirk look at he , then at spock -- on he foot now -- then at mccoy again : kirk ' to find the creator , ' the probe say . find God ...? mccoy be not that what we be all try to do ...? ( dryly ) all we machine ...? kirk stand face he another moment , then whirl and step to the monitor , flip some button , and peak into he communicator . kirk Mr. chekov , Commander decker 's present location ? chekove voice he ... they ... be in Engineering , sir . kirk ( into intercom ) I want to make a ship 's announcement . but it 's to be hear only in Engineering . uhura' voice ready , Captain . kirk ( voice amplify ) this be the Captain speak . it appear that the alien ship ... v'ger ... be not a manned vessel ... 324 engineering 324 showing Scott ( at he console ) listen to kirk 's word -- and face decker and " ilia " who be just about to leave Engineering . ( in b.g. the engine core glow the appropriate color , and there be a soft hum of idle power . ) kirk 's voice continue : kirk voice ( amplify ) it be a live entity ...! a machine life form . we be attempt to ascertain its intention . all personnel will maintain yellow alert status ! 325 closer on decker and " ilia " 325 the probe bland as usual , but kirk 's word seem to have strangely elate decker ; he say to she : decker a machine ...! then it have to be program . by whom ...? " ilia " by the creator . decker ( probing ) to join , and become one with the creator ? " ilia " to learn all that be learnable ; to deliver all collect data to the creator on the third planet . that be the programming . 326 include scott 326 just now confront they , regard " ilia " with open disapproval . scott well , sir , now what about all that ? a live entity , the Captain say ... entity ... a live thing ...! decker really have not hear Scott ; he 's gaze at " ilia , " attempt to digest what she 's just say . but quickly : decker thank you , scotty ... he move to leave . scott ( dourly ) you welcome , sir . now decker and " ilia " move toward the exit , Scott gaz - ing after they glaringly , watch " ilia 's " every move . suddenly , almost into the corridor , " ilia " turn and look back at the engine room . she address decker , but load enough for Scott to overhear : " ilia " there be no logical reason for carbon unit to control Enterprise 's power system . scott ( to " ilia " ) lassie , if I be function ' logically , ' right now I would be show you the inside of we scrap metal compactor ! 327 int . bridge 327 kirk with mccoy and spock , who although somewhat shaky , be clearly more alert . they be just assume they station . uhura we be now lock into starfleet 's transceiver ; Admiral nogura have receive you report , sir . 328 angle including viewer ( o ) 328 kirk pause halfway to he chair to study the viewer on which be appear a image of v'ger loom omi- nously in orbit over Earth . uhura the visual be a lunar monitor relay , sir . as they begin to study it , the image suddenly distort and be replace by signal interference -- signal static line running across the viewer screen . ( somewhat resembling the kind of high voltage interference some - time see on the television screen . ) uhura ( continue ) heavy interference , sir -- it 's come from here , inside the intruder itself ... uhura hit button and immediately from the speaker we hear a series of carrier wave beeps . spock look up from he console , listen to it . spock puzzle ! the interference appear to be a rather simple carrier wave code signal ... uhura on a old style radio frequency , sir ... 329 past kirk to the elevator 329 as the door snap open and decker and " ilia " appear . all eye go to they as : " ilia " ( to decker ; interrupt ) as I state , v'ger call to the creator . decker ( nod ; turn to kirk ) v'ger be announce that it have arrive , sir -- that it 's ready to deliver the information it be program to collect ... " ilia " ' to learn all that be learnable . ' decker ( to kirk ) it expect a return signal now , order it to transmit that information to the creator . uhura ( whirling ) Sir ! v'ger 's signal have stop ... " ilia " ( as if frighten ) decker ... the creator have not respond . kirk hear this , turn inquiringly toward she , but uhura interrupt : uhura pick up starfleet again ; a lunar monitor relay ... 330 angle including viewer ( o ) 330 as , indeed , the interference be fade and a new Main viewer image be appear -- it show v'ger in earth orbit with a strange look object move away from v'ger . it be a ominous look , huge swirling GREEN Mass -- it resemble the same green plasma-energy bolt that destroy the klingon and epsilon 9 -- and very nearly the Enterprise . it be not a bolt now -- the mass be much larger and appear much more deadly . a second object have now form and move off , a third one begin to appear . ( meanwhile , the first and second plasma - ENERGY object be move off into the distance in different direction . ) mccoy my God ! they be the same kind of thing that destroy the klingon , epsilon nine ... spock ( interrupt ; from science console ) this read as identical composition ... ( turn to kirk ) ... however , Captain , they measure several hundred time more powerful ! kirk High mag , Mr. sulu ! sulu adjust the viewer through several image magni - fication until we see the huge ominous GREEN device more clearly . sulu the third one be move off too -- a fourth one be form ... uhura ( overlap ) urgent signal from starfleet , Captain ! ( turn , shake ) all Earth defense system have go dead . kirk react hard at this . uhura get another message . uhura ( continue ) Sir , starfleet compute they trajectory as move toward equidistant position over Earth . 331 another angle - kirk and spock 331 exchange significant glance . spock from four equidistant position , Captain , a detonation would blanket the entire surface of the planet . difalco I plot they as reach equidistant position in ... twenty -nine minute , sir ... mark ! 332 across kirk to decker and " ilia " 332 as kirk vault from he chair , stride to a handrail to confront the " ilia " - probe . kirk why ...?! " ilia " the carbon-units infection will now be remove from the creator 's planet . kirk why ?! " ilia " the creator have not answer . kirk the carbon-units be not responsible for that . " ilia " you infest and control Enterprise . v'ger believe carbon-units interfere with the creator in the same manner . spock ( to kirk ) then v'ger believe the creator to be a machine too . decker ( nod ) it seem we all imagine God in we own image . 333 angle on MAIN viewer - including chekov ( o ) 333 Three of the four ominous swirling GREEN object have all move away from v'ger now , in different direction , grow smaller in the distance . the fourth object be hold position nearby , seem to grow in size and intensity . 334 angle emphasizing kirk 334 as he throw a look toward spock who be now in deep meditation . kirk turn and take " ilia 's " shoulder and carefully turn she to face he . mccoy '... similar life form ...? ' Jim , v'ger 's say the creator be a machine ...! decker ( grimly amused ) of course : we all create God in we own image . kirk peer at decker a moment , ingest this think . then he address " ilia " again , this time with emotion : after all , he be plead for the survival of the entire planet : kirk v'ger ! if we be lesser being , we be still , like you , live . and because we be alive , we -- like you -- wish to survive . you must not destroy -- kirk pause abruptly : " ilia " be regard he blandly , stonily -- not the slight reaction or response ; clearly kirk 's plea be be ignore . kirk draw in he breath to continue , realize the futility , turn helplessly to spock . 335 across kirk to spock 335 who have be listen intently , with near fascination -- a idea form in he mind . quickly , he step down to kirk : spock ( quiet , terse ) Captain ... ( reach kirk ) treat v'ger as you would ... a child . 336 favoring kirk 336 startle at this , not sure he 's hear correctly . kirk child ...!? spock yes , Captain , a child : evolve into adulthood -- learn , search -- instinctively need . decker ( intrigue ) need what ...? mccoy spock , this ' child ' be about to eliminate all life on Earth ; how do we teach it that that 's ' wrong ' ? with a spanking ...!? spock peer at mccoy almost sadly , then reply to decker . spock it do not know what it need , comm ander ... ( to kirk ) it do not know . kirk say nothing , look at spock who be await a reaction ; then kirk glance at " ilia " -- he brain be racing , struggle to reach a decision . and then : kirk ( abruptly to " ilia " ) the carbon -- unit - know - why -the Creator-has-not-responded . mccoy ( shocked ) Jim ...! decker ( to " ilia , " urgingly ) ilia ... we can help v'ger find what it need -- " ilia " study decker just a bland beat , then turn to kirk : " ilia " ( to kirk , hard ) disclose the information . kirk ( cool , calm ) not until v'ger withdraw the device orbit the third planet . " ilia " kirk unit ! disclose the information ! kirk study she a moment , then decide to press he bet : kirk ( to " ilia , " almost pleasant ) no . ( then to crew commandingly ) secure all station . clear the bridge . a moment where all be startle at this order -- but no time for question as just then the ship be rocked by a furious powerful eruption nearby within v'ger . decker ( amplify ) Bridge to all deck , secure you station . mccoy you child be have a tantrum , spock . sulu clear the bridge , Captain ...? kirk that be the order , Mr. sulu : clear the bridge . just then another eruption -- the ship be rocked again . 337 int . inside v'ger - the enterprise 337 rock about by the furious powerfield -- with frightening display of ray energy . 338 int . bridge 338 as all react to the powerful blast , hold on to railing , etc , at the same time attempt to secure they station for the evacuation . the damage repair technician leave he station , crossing to exit . damage tech . ( leave bridge ; to Captain ) severe stress on engine pylon , sir . " ilia " ( to kirk ; flat ) v'ger require the information . kirk merely look at she , then to the evacuate crew : kirk Bridge secure all station ! move out ! mccoy Jim , what the hell kind of strategy be this ...? meanwhile , decker have cross to chekov 's now abandon console , check it . decker all ship 's function go to automatic , Captain . 339 angle on kirk 339 turn to confront " ilia " : kirk if v'ger destroy the Enterprise , the information v'ger require will also be destroy . 339a including viewer 339a as light show outside perceptically recede , and simul - taneously the rocking cease . at the same time , " ilia " be say : " ilia " it be illogical to withhold require information . kirk do not reply to this , turn away to observe the withdraw crew . most be out ; only spock , decker and mccoy remain behind -- with mccoy on he way . the bridge lighting dim , and now kirk look at spock , who nod approvingly ; clearly spock be the only person who seem to comprehend what kirk be do , and why . as kirk now move toward the exit , and the light be dimme even further : " ilia " ( almost polite ) kirk-unit , why do you not disclose information ? kirk because v'ger be go to destroy all the carbon unit on the third planet . " ilia " they have repress the creator . kirk the information will not be disclose . and , gesture the other ahead of he , kirk start toward the bridge elevator . " ilia " call after he : " ilia " ( almost a plea ) v'ger need the information . 340 at the elevator 340 decker and mccoy about to enter , spock and kirk just behind -- all stop abruptly now at " ilia 's " state - ment . the very tone of she voice be enough for they to realize they have make a very tell point . kirk follow fast : kirk then v'ger must withdraw its orbit device . " ilia " v'ger will comply if the carbon unit disclose the information . 341 angle on mccoy 341 wryly reacting to this : mccoy it learn fast , do not it ...? 342 across mccoy to kirk and spock 342 as kirk look at spock , kirk 's whole expression convey - ing the obvious question : " what the hell do we do now ? " but spock be ready with a answer : spock Captain , the vessel -- v'ger -- obviously operate from a central brain complex ... spock allow the sentence to hang , as he and kirk eye each other significantly , the camera swinging over to kirk so we can perceive that to kirk this idea have a even great significance . kirk ( to spock ) the orbit device would be control from the point , then ...? spock precisely . kirk nod grimly , face " ilia " again ; this time he 's play for all the stake . kirk the carbon unit ' information can not be disclose to v'ger 's probe ... only to v'ger directly . 343 another angle - reaction 343 all wait with hushed expectancy , all eye on " ilia " who seem momentarily in some internal communication . she turn away from kirk and step forward look at the Main viewer . mccoy ( indicate viewer ) Jim ...! 344 past they to viewer 344 the image of the chamber in which the Enterprise be imprison . but now , toward the chamber - end , where further passage have previously be bar by the lace - work energy barrier -- a open appear . and at the same time there be a gentle lurching effect , and : decker forward motion , Captain ...! spock a tractor beam ... " ilia " step down from the platform and into the well where she be closer to the viewer . decker Captain , what 's the next move ? kirk the question be , Mr. decker , be there a next move ... 345 int . v'ger - the enterprise 345 move through the chamber , pull by the invisible tractor beam , toward the open -- toward the next chamber which , from this Pov seem even larger , more forbid . 346 int . bridge 346 as the four officer step down onto the bridge , spock hurry to he science station , kirk to the center seat . kirk resume duty station , Mr. decker . as kirk attend to he console , deck be at a intercom : decker ( into intercom , voice amplify ) all personnel resume station ...! at the same time the light be brighten -- and member of the bridge crew begin return . all this time there be a ever increase sense of movement . kirk glance at decker : kirk well , Mr. decker , it seem my bluff be be call . decker I be afraid we hand be pretty weak , Captain . ( slight smile ) but it 's the only game in town . kirk react , pleased , a split beat at decker 's " we " hand , and go on : kirk throw he a look of appreciation , then , abruptly he manner change as he address chekov : kirk Mr. chekov , when do that device activate ? chekov they reach final position in ... twenty -seven minute -- mark . kirk ( a beat ; then into intercom ) Engineering ... 347 int . engineering - scott 347 at he console , a female engineering technician ( chief ross ) nearby , the usual engine room ambience in the b.g. , as : scott Scott , here , sir . 348 int . bridge - kirk with a angle on spock 348 as kirk hesitates , glance around at the crew -- now all have resume they station -- and then grimly look at " ilia " who still remain at the rail . kirk ( into intercom , eye on " ilia " ) Mr. Scott , be prepare to execute starfleet order two zero zero five . hear this , spock whirl around -- peer incredulously at kirk . he appear for a moment to be incense at kirk 's word . then he realize and understand kirk 's position and turn , sadly resign , back to he work . 349 int . engineering 349 as Scott , too , hear this , but he reaction be of grim acceptance . not so Chief Ross ; she be horrify . scott ( with a glance at Ross , into intercom ) when , Captain ? kirk intercom voice on my command . scott ( somberly , into intercom ) aye , sir . and Scott hit button on he console , now move to step from he station , nearly collide with Ross , who clearly be bravely struggle to maintain she poise and dignity : ross why have the Captain order self - destruct , sir ? scott ( a beat ; gently ) I would say , lass , because he think -- he hope -- that when we go up ... we will take v'ger with we . ross will we ? scott ( with grim satisfaction ) when that much matter and anti- matter be bring together ? oh , yes ; we will , indeed . 350 ext . enterprise - int . v'ger 350 the ship pass now through a chamber that be vastly more active than anything we have previously see . directly ahead appear to be a area that dispatch powerfield ; a tremendous volume of they seem to ema - nate and converge there . the medium from which the ship move appear almost solid , to the point where it seem incredible that the ship can be pull through it at all . the entire chamber pulse with machine - like , alien life . this should even be evidence in the booming powerfield lightening bolt as they course in ever more frighteningly close proximity to the ship as : 350a int bridge - including the viewer 350 a the crew all watch the awesome spectacle of v'ger 's interior ( on the viewer ) as the Enterprise be be pull toward the brain complex . all be somewhat sub - dued , for all realize how they journey will end -- but at the same time they also realize there be no other way . the camera pan , catch facial reaction -- as , in the b.g. , we hear a constant flow of ad- libbed crew comment : chekov twenty - five minute to device activation , sir . alt . ( twenty - two ) alt . ( eighteen ) uhura starfleet have be apprise of we situation , Captain . sulu tractor beam remain constant ... difalco we be seventeen kilometer inside the vessel ... 351 angle on spock 351 his back to the viewer , the angle do not reveal he facial feature , but we can discern he struggle to contain he feeling . 352 wider angle ( include kirk , mccoy , and decker ) 352 kirk 's back to spock as he watch the viewer , kirk now turn toward spock . kirk spock ... spock ... spock do not respond , then kirk react with momentary annoyance , then realize spock be totally distract . kirk peer at he a moment , then suddenly rise and step up to : 353 spock's station - kirk and spock ( mccoy in b.g. ) 353 as kirk arrive , with spock still face away from he , clearly distract . kirk ( start ) Mr. spock -- I think ... spock move to face he , turn fully into the camera so we can see now , just under spock 's eye : a tear ! Welling fom the eye , roll down he cheek . kirk be speechless a moment , glance at mccoy who have also witness this phenomenon , and start toward spock ; but kirk gesture mccoy to stay back , as he address spock : kirk ( quiet , feel ) not for we ? spock no , Captain , not for we ... for v'ger . spock pause as kirk peer incredulously at he , then continue : spock ( continue ) I weep for v'ger , as I would for a brother -- far more knowledgeable than I -- and yet one step behind . 354 angle on mccoy and decker 354 listen , mccoy 's face reflect concern ; decker 's face compassion and understanding , with decker step - ping closer to spock , as spock continue : spock as I be -- when I come aboard ... so be v'ger now : empty , incomplete . search . logic and knowledge be not enough . mccoy ( with empathy ) spock , be you say that you find , what you need -- but v'ger have not ? spock have not , Doctor -- and now , because of what we be plan ... will not ... kirk ( almost hard ) there be no alternative . decker ( gently press ) Mr. spock , what would v'ger need to fulfill itself ? spock v'ger have begin to understand the true limit of we universe , thereby realize the existence of other dimension . to fulfill itself it must evolve to a higher dimension ; v'ger believe this can be achieve only by join with the creator . spock ( alternative ) each of we , at some time in we life , turn to someone , a father , a brother , a God and ask ' why be I here ? ' ' what be I mean to be ? ' v'ger hope to touch its creator to find its answer . 355 across kirk to decker 355 as decker react with sudden , almost evangelical en- lightenment , as kirk say : kirk ( understanding ) ' be this all that I be ? be there nothing more ? on difalco reacting to the ( o.s. ) viewer , ad- libbing a terse : difalco Captain ...! past kirk and spock to the viewer where another open be suddenly visible -- another chamber . but the violent and color energy effect of the previous chamber be no longer evident . instead , the entire chamber appear beautifully symmetrical , with a strange , subdued glow , which increase as we move closer . spock ( flat ) Captain , I believe that be we destination . 356 ext . enterrise - int . v'ger - near the " island " 356 complex this enormous chamber resemble a hemisphere , lace throughout with dazzle energy pattern , not at all ominous , but quite lovely in effect . as the Enterprise continue forward motion , now ahead you will to see a small " island . " float in the exact center of the hemisphere , the " island " seem alive with pulsing light , with more of the lovely and delicate ENERGY form and color . on the " island , " vague at this distance , ap pear to be a " solid " matter form . 357 int . bridge - including viewer 357 the " island " loom larger in the distance . and the Enterprise ( as evidence from the viewer ) perceptibly slow . kirk just resume he command chair , as : sulu forward motion slow , Captain ...! kirk say nothing a moment , study the viewer -- and then : kirk ( into intercom ) Engineering ... status , Mr. Scott ? scott' intercom voice ( somber ) we be ready , sir . kirk ( into intercom ) thank you , scotty . stand by . 358 across kirk to mccoy 358 as kirk turn from the intercom and glance at mccoy . between they a total look of understanding . 359 ext . enterprise ( int . v'ger ) 359 the Enterprise approach the edge of the " island " -- slow , but still quite clearly be pull by the tractor beam . the " solid matter " in the " island " cen - ter still obscure by the strange light glow emanate from that area . the Enterprise be now nearly at the " island " edge . 360 int . bridge - including viewer 360 as all watch " island " loom closer and closer . chekov tractor beam strength lessen , Captain . kirk ( into intercom ) Mr. Scott ... on my next signal . spock ( fast ) Captain , the orbital device will ( alt . ) not be trigger for twenty - two ( nineteen ... ) minute ... ( fifteen ... ) kirk the point ... ( you ) spock ( eying " ilia " ; carefully ) the point be , Captain , twenty - two ( alt . should minute . we could have that much loop " 19 " & more time ... " 15 " ) kirk glance at the viewer , the oncoming " island , " then at spock : kirk ( shake head , no ) ( alt : " 19 " , ) ( Mr. spock ) , if we do not provide ( " 15 ) v'ger with certain information , we will not have twenty - two second ; the plan must be implement upon arrival . decker Captain , we can not be sure that we ... move ... will actually save Earth . kirk no ! decker 's last word be interrupt by a almost gentle bump -- and on the viewer all perceptible motion have stop . at the same time : sulu forward motion stop , Captain . chekov tractor beam be release . 361 int . inside v'ger - the enterprise at the " island " 361 the ship 's sauce lead edge hold position at the " island " edge as though dock . 362 int . bridge " ilia " 362 watch the ( o.s. ) viewer . " ilia " ( indicate viewer ) v'ger ... 363 including the viewer kirk and the other 363 all very silent a moment , gaze at the sight . now kirk glance at the people around he : on he command they life be about to end . nothing be say ; no time for it , no inclination to articulate the obvious . no need to . kirk ( into intercom : with finality ) Mr. Scott ... 364 angle on chekov 364 reacting to a console read with surprise . chekov Captain ... I read a oxygen and gravity envelope form outside the Enterprise ...! uhura Sir , I have locate the source of v'ger 's radio signal : ( it 's ) directly ahead . spock that transmitter be a vital link between v'ger and the creator . ( its ) decker ( urging ) ( alt . " 18 " , ) we have twenty - one minute . Captain , ( .... " 14 " ) we can still save v'ger ... and ourselves . all this have cause kirk to vacillate , but he still believe he course of action be the proper one , as : - " ilia " the carbon unit will now provide v'ger the require information . " ilia " be move toward the elevator , turn to face the other as she say this . kirk remain freeze , he hand on the intercom button . he glance at mccoy , as though seek advice . mccoy peer at he blandly , levelly ; kirk must follow he own instinct . 365 favoring kirk 365 gaze at " ilia , " then at spock , he brain racing , con - sidering all the possibility , option . he glance at the anxious face await he decision : a possible twenty - two more minute of life -- or instant death . another beat as he decide . then : kirk ( into intercom ) Mr. Scott ... we be hold off ; there may be a chance ... ( rise , gesture spock and mccoy ) spock , Bones ... he start for elevator . 366 past decker to kirk 366 as kirk stride toward the elevator , join mccoy and spock . kirk Mr. decker ... I will contact you every five minute . otherwise ... inform Mr. Scott immediately . decker ( call after he ) Captain ... I would like to go along ... kirk study decker a beat -- there be something com - pelling about decker 's manner -- a certain sense of absolute necessity . kirk seem about to deny the be - quest , then turn to sulu : kirk Mr. sulu , you have the conn ... and kirk leave ; decker , he face reflect a strange , almost eager gratification , hurry after he . kirk v'ger plan to literally meld to reduce both itself and the creator to pattern ... spock ... and then to reassemble itself combine with the creator . the most certain way of obtain all the creator 's answer . a sudden STORM of light and strange SOUND . in the midst of it , kirk find a shaft of light very much center on he . he see " ilia " watch he with none of they " former navigator " in she expression now . kirk hesitates , gather he thought : kirk ( to " ilia " ) we data be be prepare . " ilia " answer ! kirk we will answer and present proof of we answer when it be ready ! kirk 's word lead to a suggestion of frustration in the STORM of light and SOUND around they . kirk ( continue ) v'ger , we will bring the creator to you ! here ! 367 angle emphasizing " ilia " and decker 367 as he move to she : decker we need only a few more minute . believe I ... decker have reach out to touch she -- the probe spin at he touch -- the move knock decker from he foot , tumble , a hard fall . then the robe look at he lie there -- just the slight soften of she feature now . 368 emphasizing decker 368 slowly turn to face the probe again . decker ilia , believe I ... the creator will appear ! 369 emphasizing " ilia " 369 as she meet decker 's look , she expression soften still more . the STORM of light and SOUND begin to subside a bit . she move to he and he get to he foot . uhura' intercom voice Enterprise to Captain ... 370 int . bridge 370 uhura with sulu and chekov there . uhura Problem , Captain : the response signal be not in we record . voyager six be send out by Earth 's " United States subdivision . ' the code be probably ... 371 int . voyager six site 371 as uhura continue : uhura' intercom voice ... keep secret to keep voyager 's data from rival subdivision . mccoy that 's preposterous ! they would not have keep scientific data from one another . chekove intercom voice we be now check with starfleet Archives , Captain . stand by . 372 angle on decker and " ilia " 372 kirk , spock and mccoy be stand some distance from they ( out of hearing ) . the probe be clearly move into still closer touch with Lt. ilia 's memory pattern as decker take she hand . decker and when v'ger meld ? what will happen to you ? " ilia " it will ... take I from you ... 373 kirk , spock and mccoy 373 mccoy be look at kirk with a incredulous expression on he face . mccoy and when it realize what the creator be ...? kirk there 's no way to know . v'ger expect it to be a machine -- some single entity . ( indicate entire site ) all of we here may be reduce into pattern ... spock that seem to be what it have plan -- to have the creator physically present here . mccoy ( small smile ) the God it capture be go to be a hell of a disappointment . 374 decker and " ilia " 374 at the side of voyager six , decker in the midst of twist a wing - nut which release a hatch which swing open . decker peer inside while " ilia " wait . 375 kirk , spock and mccoy 375 decker and " ilia " at the old capsule in b.g. as kirk look that way . kirk Commander ... we see decker look up at kirk 's call , then ignore he and go back to inspect inside the access hatch . at this moment , from kirk 's communicator , a signal . kirk ( continue ; into communicator ) kirk here . uhura' intercom voice we now have the response code , sir . kirk stand by . transmit it on my order . the three of they exchange look -- kirk , spock and mccoy exchange a silent moment of friendship and resignation . then kirk lift he communicator again : kirk ( continue ) Enterprise ... transmit . 376 decker and " ilia " 376 catch decker in the midst of press a control on he tricorder . both he and " ilia " be watch kirk and the other closely . now decker look down at the tricorder 's face . he nod : decker record ... 377 kirk , spock and mccoy 377 still wait . they continue to wait . mccoy shift uncomfortably , throw kirk a puzzle glance . kirk finally lift he communicator . kirk Enterprise , be you transmit ? uhura' intercom voice affirmative , Captain . for some time now . kirk confirm code and transmit frequency . chekove intercom voice both signal and frequency confirm , sir . decker ( call ) Captain kirk ! 378 various angle 378 as the other turn to decker and " ilia . " decker ( continue ) the fault be here , sir , not in the transmission . ( indicate into hatch ) the antenna lead have be disconnect . v'ger never intend to accept a transmit signal . kirk capture God ! in order to retrieve v'ger 's data , the creator have to physically come here !... decker and plug the signal directly into the circuitry at this ... ( indicate into access ) ... point here , Captain . it should pick up even a tricorder playback . kirk ( lift communicator ) Enterprise , I want that signal again . transmit ! then kirk touch a control on he tricorder exactly as decker do earlier . then he look up , react as he see decker hold he own tricorder up -- and a smile play on decker 's face . 379 action angle 379 as kirk suddenly pivot , race toward decker -- but he pass too close to the " ilia " - probe . it send he spin back , tumble to he knee . 380 at kirk 380 as kirk start up to scramble to he foot but spock have step in , put a hand on kirk 's shoulder and be strain he . spock Jim ... he want it . decker you get the Enterprise , it 's what you want . this be what I want . ( smile ) but , Jim ... ( now very seriously ) ... I be the right choice for this mission . and then decker shove the tricorder into the access hatch . 381 various effect shot - decker be fuse - v'ger 381 transcending ( S ) for just a instant nothing happen -- and then a blinding shaft of light strike decker . the color become brighter and brighter , begin spiraling through the room . " ilia " stes toward decker , be catch in the light , and instantly vanish in a brilliant white glow . we see decker seem to grow larger -- as if he molecular pattern be expand . a spectacular series of visual . , the spiraling light envelop the entire area . all this emanate from decker 's body , become larger -- also brighter and brighter until now it be almost transparent . and the spiraling now expand in all direction , and the room itself start to dissolve , vanish into nothingness -- and all commence to slip into the new dimension . kirk , spock and mccoy stand transfix another instant . around they , v'ger seem to be transforming into bril - liant , lovely pattern . they all turn and race into the complex in the direction of they vessel . 382 ext . earth orbit - a ENERGY bolt ( S ) 382 it too seem to be flowering into loveliness , brilliant , graceful pattern as they seem to slip through to another dimension , vanish . 383 ext . v'ger - full shot 383 the " flowering " effect now spread outward , v'ger 's massive shape become a spiraling pattern of twist , graceful shape and brilliant color -- a transcendence into another dimension . and then all of that be leave be a shimmer , jewel- like point of light -- and then it too fade -- and reveal there in the blue-black of space , the u.s.s. Enterprise . 384 int . bridge - including the viewer ( o ) 384 which show now only space and its familiar star pattern . all gaze at the viewer , awed at what they have see and undergone . they exchange look silently , no one want to be the first to try to comment on some - thing which be beyond mere word . we hear a elevator door , Scott and Chapel enter the bridge and stand silently watch . mccoy well , it certainly have be ... interesting . kirk spock , we be its answer ! spock ( nod ) yes , Captain . it need we mortality , the fear of it , we struggle against it , we fear , we dream ... kirk ... and the ' foolish ' emotion which drive we ? spock ( look at kirk ; then ) I prefer you poet Dante 's phrase -- ' the divine restlessness of the human spirit . ' mccoy spock ... you be quote poetry ? spock 's cold look at mccoy be interrupt by : uhura starfleet signal , Captain ! return to orbital dockyard for inspection . kirk ignore that signal . ( to Scott ) shall we give the Enterprise a proper shakedown , Mr. Scott ? scott ( suddenly beam ) I would say it 's time for that , I would , sir . ( toward spock ) we can have you back on vulcan in four day , Mr. spock . spock ( coolly ) I have no business on vulcan , engineer . kirk and spock exchange a look -- then kirk turn to the helm . kirk ahead warp one , Mr. sulu . difalco head , sir ? kirk ( take center seat ; indicate generally ) out there . thataway . spock ( nod gravely ) a most logical choice , Captain . then the trace of a smile come over spock 's face . 385 ext . space - enterprise ( S ) 385 Planet Earth in the distance , and recede in size as the starship head out the other direction . fade out . the end