STAR war episode iv a new hope from the journal of the whill by George Lucas revise fourth draft January 15 , 1976 lucasfilm lot . a long time ago , in a galaxy far , far , away ... a vast sea of star serve as the backdrop for the main title . War drum echo through the heaven as a rollup slowly crawl into infinity . it be a period of civil war . rebel spaceship , strike from a hide base , have win they first victory against the evil galactic Empire . during the battle , rebel spy manage to steal secret plan to the Empire 's ultimate weapon , the death Star , a armored space station with enough power to destroy a entire planet . pursue by the Empire 's sinister agent , princess leia race home aboard she starship , custodian of the steal plan that can save she people and restore freedom to the galaxy ... the awesome yellow planet of tatooine emerge from a total eclipse , she two moon glow against the darkness . a tiny silver spacecraft , a rebel blockade runner fire laser from the back of the ship , race through space . it be purse by a giant Imperial stardestroyer . hundred of deadly laserbolt streak from the Imperial stardestroyer , cause the main solar fin of the rebel craft to disintegrate . int . rebel blockade runner - MAIN passageway a explosion rock the ship as two robot , artoo-detoo ( r2 - D2 ) and see - threepio ( C -3po ) struggle to make they way through the shaking , bounce passageway . both robot be old and batter . artoo be a short , claw - armed tripod . his face be a mass of computer light surround a radar eye . threepio , on the other hand , be a tall , slender robot of human proportion . he have a gleam bronze- like metallic surface of a Art Deco design . another blast shake they as they struggle along they way . threepio do you hear that ? they have shut down the main reactor . we will be destroy for sure . this be madness ! rebel trooper rush past the robot and take up position in the main passageway . they aim they weapon toward the door . threepio we be doom ! the little r2 unit make a series of electronic sound that only another robot could understand . threepio there will be no escape for the princess this time . artoo continue make beep sound . tension mount as loud metallic latch clank and the scream of heavy equipment be hear move around the outside hull of the ship . threepio what 's that ? ext . spacecraft in space the Imperial craft have easily overtaken the rebel blockade runner . the smaller rebel ship be be draw into the underside dock of the giant Imperial starship . int . rebel blockade runner the nervous rebel trooper aim they weapon . suddenly a tremendous blast open up a hole in the main passageway and a score of fearsome armored spacesuite stormtrooper make they way into the smoke- fill corridor . in a few minute the entire passageway be ablaze with laserfire . the deadly bolt ricochet in wild random pattern create huge explosion . stormtrooper scatter and duck behind storage locker . laserbolt hit several rebel soldier who scream and stagger through the smoke , hold shattered arm and face . a explosion hit near the robot . threepio I should have know better than to trust the logic of a half -size thermocapsulary dehouse assister ... artoo counter with a angry rebuttal as the battle rage around the two hapless robot . ext . tatooine - desert wasteland - day a death - white wasteland stretch from horizon to horizon . the tremendous heat of two huge twin sun settle on a lone figure , luke skywalker , a farm boy with heroic aspiration who look much young than he eighteen year . his shaggy hair and baggy tunic give he the air of a simple but lovable lad with a prize-winn smile . a light wind whip at he as he adjust several valve on a large batter moisture vaporator which stick out of the desert floor much like a oil pipe with valve . he be aid by a beatup tread - robot with six claw arm . the little robot appear to be barely function and move with jerky motion . a bright sparkle in the morning sky catch luke 's eye and he instinctively grab a pair of electrobinoculars from he utility belt . he stand transfix for a few moment study the heaven , then dash toward he dent , crudely repair landspeeder ( a auto-like transport that travel a few foot above the ground on a magnetic-field ) . he motion for the tiny robot to follow he . luke hurry up ! come with I ! what be you wait for ?! get in gear ! the robot scoot around in a tight circle , stop short , and smoke begin to pour out of every joint . luke throw he arm up in disgust . exasperate , the young farm boy jump into he landspeeder leave the smolder robot to hum madly . int . rebel blockade runner - MAIN hallway the awesome , seven-foot - tall Dark Lord of the sith make he way into the blind light of the main passageway . this be darth vader , right hand of the Emperor . his face be obscure by he flow black robe and grotesque breath mask , which stand out next to the fascist white armored suit of the Imperial stormtrooper . everyone instinctively back away from the impose warrior and a deathly quiet sweep through the rebel troops . several of the rebel troops break and run in a frenzied panic . int . rebel blockade runner a woman 's hand put a card into a open in artoo 's dome . artoo make beep sound . int . rebel blockade runner threepio stand in a hallway , somewhat bewilder . artoo be nowhere in sight . the pitiful scream of the doom rebel soldier can be hear in the distance . threepio artoo ! artoo - detoo , where be you ? a familiar clanking sound attack threepio 's attention and he spot little artoo at the end of the hallway in a smoke - fill alcove . a beautiful young girl ( about sixteen year old ) stand in front of artoo . surreal and out of place , dreamlike and half hide in the smoke , she finish adjust something on artoo 's computer face , then watch as the little robot join he companion . threepio at last ! where have you be ? stormtrooper can be hear battle in the distance . threepio they be head in this direction . what be we go to do ? we will be send to the spice mine of kessel or smashed into who know what ! artoo scoot past he bronze friend and race down the subhallway . threepio chase after he . threepio wait a minute , where be you go ? artoo respond with electronic beep . int . rebel blockade runner - corridor the evil darth vader stand amid the break and twisted body of he foe . he grab a wounded rebel Officer by the neck as a Imperial Officer rush up to the Dark Lord . imperial officer the death Star plan be not in the main computer . vader squeeze the neck of the rebel Officer , who struggle in vain . vader where be that transmission you intercept ? vader lift the rebel off he foot by he throat . vader what have you do with that plan ? rebel officer we intercept no transmission . aaah ... this be a consular ship . be on a diplomatic mission . vader if this be a consular ship ... be be the ambassador ? the rebel refuse to speak but eventually cry out as the Dark Lord begin to squeeze the officer 's throat , create a gruesome snap and choke , until the soldier go limp . vader toss the dead soldier against the wall and turn to he troops . vader Commander , tear this ship apart until you have find that plan and bring I the ambassador . I want she alive ! the stormtrooper scurry into the subhallways . int . rebel blockade runner - subhallway the lovely young girl huddle in a small alcove as the stormtrooper search through the ship . she be princess leia organa , a member of the alderaan Senate . the fear in she eye slowly give way to anger as the mute crush sound of the approach stormtrooper grow louder . one of the trooper spot she . trooper there she be ! set for stun ! leia step from she hide place and blast a trooper with she laser pistol . she start to run but be fell by a paralyze ray . the trooper inspect she inert body . trooper she will be all right . inform Lord vader we have a prisoner . int . rebel blockade runner - subhallway artoo stop before the small hatch of a emergency lifepod . he snap the seal on the main latch and a red warning light begin to flash . the stubby astro-robot work he way into the cramped four-man pod . threepio hey , you be not permit in there . it 's restrict . you will be deactivate for sure .. artoo beep something to he . threepio do not call I a mindless philosopher , you overweight glob of grease ! now come out before somebody see you . artoo whistle something at he reluctant friend regard the mission he be about to perform . threepio secret mission ? what plan ? what be you talk about ? I be not get in there ! artoo be not happy with threepio 's stubbornness , and he beep and twang angrily . a new explosion , this time very close , send dust and debris through the narrow subhallway . flame lick at threepio and , after a flurry of electronic swear from artoo , the lanky robot jump into the lifepod . threepio I be go to regret this . int . imperial stardestroyer on the main viewscreen , the lifepod carry the two terrify robot speed away from the stricken rebel spacecraft . chief pilot there go another one . captain hold you fire . there be no life form . it must have be short - circuite . int . lifepod artoo and threepio look out at the recede Imperial starship . star circle as the pod rotate through the galaxy . threepio that 's funny , the damage do not look as bad from out here . artoo beep a assure response . threepio be you sure this thing safe ? ext . tatooine - anchorhead settlement - power station - day heat wave radiate from the dozen or so bleach white building . luke pilot he landspeeder through the dusty empty street of the tiny settlement . a old woman run to get out of the way of the speed vehicle , shaking she fist at luke as he fly past . woman I have tell you kid to slow down ! int . power station - day luke burst into the power station , waking the fixer , a rugge mechanic and camie , a sexy , dishevel girl who have be asleep in he lap . they grumble as he race through the office , yell wildly . fixer do I hear a young noise blast through here ? camie it be just wormie on another rampage . luke bounce into a small room behind the office where deak and windy , two tough boy about the same age as luke , be play a computer pool - like game with bigg , a burly , handsome boy a few year older than the rest . his flashy city attire be a sharp contrast to the loose - fitting tunic of the farm boy . a robot repair some equipment in the background . luke shape it up you guy !... bigg ? luke 's surprise at the appearance of bigg give way to great joy and emotion . they give each other a great bear hug . luke I do not know you be back ! when do you get in ? bigg just now . I want to surprise you , hot shot . I think you would be here ... certainly do not expect you to be out work . ( he laugh ) luke the Academy do not change you much ... but you be back so soon ? hey , what happen , do not you get you commission ? bigg have a air of cool that seem slightly phony . bigg of course I get it . sign aboard the rand ecliptic last week . first mate bigg darklighter at you service ... ( he salute ) ... I just come to say good - bye to all you unfortunate landlocked simpleton . everyone laugh . the dazzle spectacle of he dash friend be almost too much for luke , but suddenly he snap out of it . luke I almost forget . there 's a battle go on ! right here in we system . come and look ! deak not again ! forget it . ext . tatooine - anchorhead - settlement - power station - day the group stumble out into the stifling desert sun . camie and the fixer complain and be force to shade they eye . luke have he binocular out scan the heaven . luke there they be ! bigg take the binocular from luke as the other strain to see something with the naked eye . through the binocular bigg see two small silver speck . bigg that 's no battle , hot shot ... they be just sit there ! probably a freighter - tanker refueling . luke but there be a lot of fire earlier ... camie grab the binocular away bang they against the building in the process . luke grab they . luke hey , easy with that ... camie do not worry about it , wormie . the fixer give luke a hard look and the young farm boy shrug he shoulder in resignation . fixer I keep tell you , the Rebellion be a long way from here . I doubt if the Empire would even fight to keep this system . believe I luke , this planet be a big hunk of nothing ... luke agree , although it 's obvious he be not sure why . the group stumble back into the power station , grumble about luke 's ineptitude . int . rebel blockade runner - hallway princess leia be lead down a low - ceiling hallway by a squad of armored stormtrooper . her hand be bound and she be brutally shove when she be unable to keep up with the briskly march troops . they stop in a smoky hallway as darth vader emerge from the shadow . the sinister Dark Lord stare hard at the frail young senator , but she do not move . leia Lord vader , I should have know . only you could be so bold . the Imperial Senate will not sit for this , when they hear you have attack a diplomatic ... vader do not play game with I , you highness . you be not on any mercy mission this time . you pass directly through a restrict system . several transmission be beam to this ship by rebel spy . I want to know what happen to the plan they send you . leia I do not know what you be talk about . I be a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to alderaan ... vader you be a part of the rebel Alliance ... and a traitor . take she away ! leia be march away down the hallway and into the smolder hole blast in the side of the ship . a Imperial Commander turn to vader . commander holding she be dangerous . if word of this get out , it could generate sympathy for the Rebellion in the senate . vader I have trace the rebel spy to she . now she be my only link to find they secret base ! commander she will die before she tell you anything . vader leave that to I . send a distress signal and then inform the senate that all aboard be kill ! another Imperial Officer approach vader and the Commander . they stop and snap to attention . second officer Lord vader , the battle station plan be not aboard this ship ! and no transmission be make . a escape pod be jettison during the fight , but no life form be aboard . vader turn to the Commander . vader she must have hide the plan in the escape pod . send a detachment down to retrieve they . see to it personally , Commander . there will be no one to stop we this time . commander yes , sir . ext . space the Imperial stardestroyer come over the surface of the planet tatooine . ext . tatooine - desert jundland , or " no man 's land " , where the rugge desert mesa meet the forebode dune sea . the two helpless astro-droid kick up cloud of sand as they leave the lifepod and clumsily work they way across the desert wasteland . the lifepod in the distance rest half bury in the sand . threepio how do I get into this mess ? I really do not know how . we seem to be make to suffer . it 's we lot in life . artoo answer with beep sound . threepio I have get to rest before I fall apart . my joint be almost freeze . artoo continue to respond with beep sound . threepio what a desolate place this be . suddenly artoo whistle , make a sharp right turn and start off in the direction of the rocky desert mesa . threepio stop and yell at he . threepio where be you go ? a stream of electronic noise pour forth from the small robot . threepio well , I be not go that way . it 's much too rocky . this way be much easier . artoo counter with a long whistle . threepio what make you think there be settlement over there ? artoo continue to make beep sound . threepio do not get technical with I . artoo continue to make beep sound . threepio what mission ? what be you talk about ? I have have just about enough of you ! go that way ! you will be malfunction within a day , you nearsight scrap pile ! threepio give the little robot a kick and start off in the direction of the vast dune sea . threepio and do not let I catch you follow I begging for help , because you will not get it . artoo 's reply be a rather rude sound . he turn and trudge off in the direction of the tower mesa . threepio no more adventure . I be not go that way . artoo beep to himself as he make he way toward the distant mountain . ext . tatooine - dune sea threepio , hot and tired , struggle up over the ridge of a dune ; only to find more dune , which seem to go on for endless mile . he look back in the direction of the now distant rock mesa . threepio that malfunction little twerp . this be all he fault ! he trick I into go this way , but he will do no better . in a huff of anger and frustration , threepio knock the sand from he joint . his plight seem hopeless , when a glint of reflect light in the distance reveal a object move towards he . threepio wait , what 's that ? a transport ! I be save ! the bronze android wave frantically and yell at the approach transport . threepio over here ! help ! please , help ! ext . tatooine - anchorhead settlement - power station - day luke and bigg be walk and drink a malt brew . fixer and the other can be hear work inside . luke ( very animated ) ... so I cut off my power , shut down the afterburner and come in low on deak 's trail . I be so close I think I be go to fry my instrument . as it be I bust up the skyhopper pretty bad . uncle Owen be pretty upset . he ground I for the rest of the season . you should have be there ... it be fantastic . bigg you ought to take it easy luke . you may be the hot bushpilot this side of mos eisley , but that little skyhopper be dangerous . keep it up , and one day , whammo , you be go to be nothing more than a dark spot on the down side of a canyon wall . luke look who 's talk . now that you have be around that giant starship you be beginning to sound like my uncle . you have get soft in the city ... bigg I have miss you kid . luke well , thing have not be the same since you leave , bigg . it 's be so ... quiet . bigg look around then lean close to luke . bigg luke , I do not come back just to say good - bye ... I should not tell you this , but you be the only one I can trust ... and if I do not come back , I want somebody to know . luke 's eye be wide with bigg ' seriousness and loyalty . luke what be you talk about ? bigg I make some friend at the Academy . ( he whisper ) ... when we frigate go to one of the central system , we be go to jump ship and join the Alliance ... luke , amaze and stunne , be almost speechless . luke join the Rebellion ?! be you kid ! how ? bigg quiet down will ya ! you get a mouth bigger than a meteor crater ! luke I be sorry . I be quiet . ( he whisper ) listen how quiet I be . you can barely hear I ... bigg shake he head angrily and then continue . bigg my friend have a friend on bestine who might help we make contact . luke you be crazy ! you could wander around forever try to find they . bigg I know it 's a long shot , but if I do not find they I will do what I can on my own ... it 's what we always talk about . luke , I be not go to wait for the Empire to draft I into service . the Rebellion be spread and I want to be on the right side -- the side I believe in . luke and I be stick here ... bigg I think you be go to the Academy next term . you will get you chance to get off this rock . luke not likely ! I have to cancel my application . there have be a lot of unrest among the sandpeople since you leave ... they have even raid the outskirt of anchorhead . bigg you uncle could hold off a whole colony of sandpeople with one blaster . luke I know , but he 's get enough vaporator go to make the place pay off . he need I for just one more season . I can not leave he now . bigg I feel for you , luke , you be go to have to learn what seem to be important or what really be important . what good be all you uncle 's work if it 's take over by the Empire ?... you know they be start to nationalize commerce in the central system ... it will not be long before you uncle be merely a tenant , slave for the great glory of the Empire . luke it could not happen here . you say it yourself . the Empire will not bother with this rock . bigg thing always change . luke I wish I be go ... be you go to be around long ? bigg no , I be leave in the morning ... luke then I guess I will not see you . bigg maybe someday ... I will keep a lookout . luke well , I will be at the Academy next season ... after that who know . I will not be draft into the Imperial starfleet that 's for sure ... take care of yourself , you will always be the best friend I have get . bigg so long , luke . bigg turn away from he old friend and head towards the power station . ext . tatooine - rock canyon - sunset the gargantuan rock formation be shroud in a strange forebode mist and the onimous sound of unearthly creature fill the air . artoo move cautiously through the creepy rock canyon , inadvertently make a loud click noise as he go . he hear a distant , hard , metallic sound and stop for a moment . convince he be alone , he continue on he way . in the distance , a pebble tumble down the steep canyon wall and a small dark figure dart into the shadow . a little further up the canyon a slight flicker of light reveal a pair of eye in the dark recess only a few foot from the narrow path . the unsuspecting robot waddle along the rugge trail until suddenly , out of nowhere , a powerful magnetic ray shoot out of the rock and engulf he in a eerie glow . he manage one short electronic squeak before he topple over onto he back . his bright computer light flicker off , then on , then off again . out of the rock scurry three jawa , no taller than artoo . they holster strange and complex weapon as they cautiously approach the robot . they wear grubby cloak and they face be shroud so only they glow eye can be see . they hiss and make odd guttural sound as they heave the heavy robot onto they shoulder and carry he off down the trail . ext . tatooine - rock canyon - sandcrawler - sunset the eight jawa carry artoo out of the canyon to a huge tank - like vehicle the size of a four-story house . they weld a small disk on the side of artoo and then put he under a large tube on the side of the vehicle and the little robot be suck into the giant machine . the filthy little jawa scurry like rat up small ladder and enter the main cabin of the behemoth transport . int . sandcrawler - hold area it be dim inside the hold area of the sandcrawler . artoo switch on a small floodlight on he forehead and stumble around the scrap heap . the narrow beam swing across rusty metal rocket part and a array of grotesquely twisted and maim astro-robot . he let out a pathetic electronic whimper and stumble off toward what appear to be a door at the end of the chamber . int . sandcrawler - prison area artoo enter a wide room with a four- foot ceiling . in the middle of the scrap heap sit a dozen or so robot of various shape and size . some be engage in electronic conversation , while other simply mill about . a voice of recognition call out from the gloom . threepio artoo-detoo ! it 's you ! it 's you ! a batter threepio scramble up to artoo and embrace he . ext . tatooine - rock canyon - sandcrawler - sunset the enormous sandcrawler lumber off toward the magnificent twin sun , which be slowly set over a distant mountain ridge . ext . tatooine - desert - day four Imperial stormtrooper mill about in front of the half - bury lifepod that bring artoo and threepio to tatooine . a trooper yell to a officer some distance away . first trooper someone be in the pod . the track go off in this direction . a second trooper pick a small bit of metal out of the sand and give it to the first trooper . second trooper look , sir -- droid . ext . tatooine - dune the sandcrawler move slowly down a great sand dune . int . sandcrawler threepio and artoo noisily bounce along inside the cramped prison chamber . artoo appear to be shut off . threepio wake up ! wake up ! suddenly the shaking and bounce of the sandcrawler stop , create quite a commotion among the mechanical man . threepio 's fist bang the head of artoo whose computer light pop on as he begin beep . at the far end of the long chamber a hatch open , fill the chamber with blind white light . a dozen or so jawa make they way through the odd assortment of robot . threepio we be doom . a jawa start move toward they . threepio do you think they will melt we down ? artoo respond , make beep sound . threepio do not shoot ! do not shoot ! will this never end ? ext . tatooine - desert - lar homestead - afternoon the jawa mutter gibberish as they busily line up they batter captive , include artoo and threepio , in front of the enormous sandcrawler , which be park beside a small homestead consist of three large hole in the ground surround by several tall moisture vaporator and one small adobe block house . the jawa scurry around fussing over the robot , straighten they up or brush some dust from a dent metallic elbow . the shroud little creature smell horribly , attract small insect to the dark area when they mouth and nostril should be . out of the shadow of a dingy side - building limp Owen lar , a large burly man in he mid-fifty . his reddish eye be sink in a dust - cover face . as the farmer carefully inspect each robot , he be closely follow by he slump - shoulder nephew , luke skywalker . one of the vile little jawa walk ahead of the farmer spout a animated sale pitch in a queer , unintelligible language . a voice call out from one of the huge hole that form the homestead . luke go over to the edge and see he aunt beru stand in the main courtyard . beru luke , tell Owen that if he get a translator to be sure it speak bocce . luke it look like we do not have much of a choice but I will remind he . luke return to he uncle as they look over the equipment for sale with the jawa leader . owen I have no need for a protocol droid . threepio ( quickly ) Sir -- not in a environment such as this -- that 's why I have also be program for over thirty secondary function that ... owen what I really need be a droid that understand the binary language of moisture vaporator . threepio vaporator ! Sir -- my first job be programming binary load lifter ... very similar to you vaporator . you could say ... owen do you speak bocce ? threepio of course I can , sir . it 's like a second language for I ... I be as fluent in bocce ... owen all right shut up ! ( turn to jawa ) I will take this one . threepio shut up , sir . owen luke , take this two over to the garage , will you ? I want you to have both of they clean up before dinner . luke but I be go into toshi Station to pick up some power converter ... owen you can waste time with you friend when you chore be do . now come on , get to it ! luke all right , come on ! and the red one , come on . well , come on , Red , let 's go . as the jawa start to lead the three remain robot back into the sandcrawler , artoo let out a pathetic little beep and start after he old friend threepio . he be restrain by a slimy jawa , who zap he with a control box . Owen be negotiate with the head jawa . luke and the two robot start off for the garage when a plate pop off the head of the red astro-droid 's head plate and it spark wildly . luke uncle Owen ... owen yeah ? luke this r2 unit have a bad motivator . look ! owen ( to the head jawa ) hey , what be you try to push on we ? the jawa go into a loud spiel . meanwhile , artoo have sneak out of line and be move up and down try to attract attention . he let out with a low whistle . threepio tap luke on the shoulder . threepio ( point to artoo ) Excuse I , sir , but that r2 unit be in prime condition . a real bargain . luke uncle Owen ... owen yeah ? luke what about that one ? owen ( to jawa ) what about that blue one ? we will take that one . with a little reluctance the scruffy dwarf trade the damage astro-droid for artoo . luke yeah , take it away . threepio uh , I be quite sure you will be very pleased with that one , sir . he really be in first - class condition . I have work with he before . here he come . Owen pay off the whining jawa as luke and the two robot trudge off toward a grimy homestead entry . luke okay , let 's go . threepio ( to artoo ) now , do not you forget this ! why I should stick my neck out for you be quite beyond my capacity ! int . lar homestead - garage area - late afternoon the garage be cluttere and wear , but a friendly peaceful atmosphere permeate the low grey chamber . threepio lower himself into a large tub fill with warm oil . near the batter landspeeder little artoo rest on a large battery with a cord to he face . threepio thank the maker ! this oil bath be go to feel so good . I have get such a bad case of dust contamination , I can barely move ! artoo beep a muffle reply . luke seem to be lose in think as he run he hand over the damage fin of a small two - man skyhopper spaceship rest in a low hangar off the garage . finally luke 's frustration get the better of he and he slam a wrench across the workbench . luke it just be not fair . oh , bigg be right . I be never gonna get out of here ! threepio be there anything I might do to help ? luke glance at the batter robot . a bit of he anger drain and a tiny smile creep across he face . luke well , not unless you can alter time , speed up the harvest , or teleport I off this rock ! threepio I do not think so , sir . I be only a droid and not very knowledgeable about such thing . not on this planet , anyways . as a matter of fact , I be not even sure which planet I be on . luke well , if there 's a bright center to the universe , you be on the planet that it 's farthest from . threepio I see , sir . luke uh , you can call I luke . threepio I see , sir luke . luke ( laugh ) just luke . threepio and I be see - threepio , human -cyborg relation , and this be my counterpart , artoo - detoo . luke hello . artoo beep in response . luke unplug artoo and begin to scrape several connector on the robot 's head with a chrome pick . threepio climb out of the oil tub and begin wiping oil from he bronze body . luke you get a lot of carbon scoring here . it look like you boy have see a lot of action . threepio with all we have be through , sometimes I be amaze we be in as good condition as we be , what with the Rebellion and all . luke you know of the Rebellion against the Empire ? threepio that 's how we come to be in you service , if you take my meaning , sir . luke have you be in many battle ? threepio several , I think . actually , there 's not much to tell . I be not much more than a interpreter , and not very good at tell storey . well , not at make they interesting , anyways . luke struggle to remove a small metal fragment from artoo 's neck joint . he use a larger pick . luke well , my little friend , you have get something jamme in here real good . be you on a cruiser or ... the fragment break loose with a snap , send luke tumble head over heel . he sit up and see a twelve - inch three - dimensional hologram of leia organa , the rebel senator , be project from the face of little artoo . the image be a rainbow of color as it flicker and jiggle in the dimly light garage . luke 's mouth hang open in awe . leia help I , obi-wan kenobi . you be my only hope . luke what 's this ? artoo look around and sheepishly beep a answer for threepio to translate . leia continue to repeat the sentence fragment over and over . threepio what be what ?!? he ask you a question ... ( point to leia ) what be that ? artoo whistle he surprise as he pretend to just notice the hologram . he look around and sheepishly beep a answer for threepio to translate . leia continue to repeat the sentence fragment over and over . leia help I , obi-wan kenobi . you be my only hope . help I , obi-wan kenobi . you be my only hope . threepio oh , he say it 's nothing , sir . merely a malfunction . Old data . pay it no mind . luke become intrigue by the beautiful girl . luke who be she ? she 's beautiful . threepio I be afraid I be not quite sure , sir . leia help I , obi-wan kenobi ... threepio I think she be a passenger on we last voyage . a person of some importance , sir -- I believe . we captain be attach to ... luke be there more to this recording ? luke reach out for artoo but he let out several frantic squeak and a whistle . threepio behave yourself , artoo . you be go to get we in trouble . it 's all right , you can trust he . he 's we new master . artoo whistle and beep a long message to threepio . threepio he say he 's the property of obi-wan kenobi , a resident of this part . and it 's a private message for he . quite frankly , sir I do not know what he 's talk about . we last master be Captain antilles , but with what we have be through , this little r2 unit have become a bit eccentric . luke obi-wan kenobi ? I wonder if he mean old Ben kenobi ? threepio I beg you pardon , sir , but do you know what he 's talk about ? luke well , I do not know anyone name obi- Wan , but old Ben life out beyond the dune sea . he 's kind of a strange old hermit . luke 's gaze at the beautiful young princess for a few moment . luke I wonder who she be . it sound like she 's in trouble . I would better play back the whole thing . artoo beep something to threepio . threepio he say the restrain bolt have short circuite he recording system . he suggest that if you remove the bolt , he might be able to play back the entire recording . luke look longingly at the lovely , little princess and have not really hear what threepio have be say . luke h be ? oh , yeah , well , I guess you be too small to run away on I if I take this off ! okay . luke take a wedge bar and pop the restrain bolt off artoo 's side . luke there you go . the princess immediately disappear ... luke well , wait a minute . where would she go ? bring she back ! play back the entire message . artoo beep a innocent reply as threepio sit up in embarrassment . threepio what message ? the one you be carry inside you rusty innard ! a woman 's voice call out from another room . aunt beru luke ? luke ! come to dinner ! luke stand up and shake he head at the malfunction robot . luke all right , I will be right there , aunt beru . threepio I be sorry , sir , but he appear to have pick up a slight flutter . luke toss artoo 's restrain bolt on the workbench and hurry out of the room . luke well , see what you can do with he . I will be right back . threepio ( to artoo ) just you reconsider play that message for he . artoo beep in response . threepio no , I do not think he like you at all . artoo beep . threepio no , I do not like you either . int . lar homestead - dine area luke 's aunt beru , a warm , motherly woman , fill a pitcher with blue fluid from a refrigerate container in the well - use kitchen . she put the pitcher on a tray with some bowl of food and start for the dining area . luke sit with he uncle Owen before a table cover with steaming bowl of food as aunt beru carry in a bowl of red grain . luke you know , I think that r2 unit we buy might have be steal . owen what make you think that ? luke well , I stumble across a recording while I be clean he . he say he belong to someone call obi-wan kenobi . Owen be greatly alarmed at the mention of he name , but manage to control himself . luke I think he might have mean old Ben . do you know what he 's talk about ? well , I wonder if he 's related to Ben . Owen break loose with a fit of uncontrolled anger . owen that old man 's just a crazy old wizard . tomorrow I want you to take that r2 unit into anchorhead and have its memory flushed . that will be the end of it . it belong to we now . luke but what if this obi-wan come look for he ? owen he will not , I do not think he exist any more . he die about the same time as you father . luke he know my father ? owen I tell you to forget it . you only concern be to prepare the new droid for tomorrow . in the morning I want they on the south ridge work out that condenser . luke yes , sir . I think that new droid be go to work out fine . in fact , I , uh , be also think about we agreement about my stay on another season . and if this new droid do work out , I want to transmit my application to the Academy this year . Owen 's face become a scowl , although he try to suppress it . owen you mean the next semester before harvest ? luke sure , there be more than enough droid . owen harvest be when I need you the most . only one more season . this year we will make enough on the harvest so I will be able to hire some more hand . and then you can go to the Academy next year . luke continue to toy with he food , not look at he uncle . owen you must understand I need you here , luke . luke but it 's a whole ' nother year . owen look , it 's only one more season . luke push he half - eat plate of food aside and stand . luke yeah , that 's what you say last year when bigg and tank leave . aunt beru where be you go ? luke it look like I be go nowhere . I have to finish clean that droid . resigned to he fate , luke paddle out of the room . Owen mechanically finish he dinner . aunt beru Owen , he can not stay here forever . most of he friend have go . it mean so much to he . owen I will make it up to he next year . I promise . aunt beru luke 's just not a farmer , Owen . he have too much of he father in he . owen that 's what I be afraid of . ext . tatooine - lar homestead the giant twin sun of tatooine slowly disappear behind a distant dune range . luke stand watch they for a few moment , then reluctantly enter the doom entrance to the homestead . int . lar homestead - garage luke enter the garage to discover the robot nowhere in sight . he take a small control box from he utility belt similar to the one the jawa be carry . he activate the box , which create a low hum , and threepio , let out a short yell , pop up from behind the skyhopper spaceship . luke what be you do hide there ? threepio stumble forward , but artoo be still nowhere in sight . threepio it be not my fault , sir . please do not deactivate I . I tell he not to go , but he 's faulty , malfunction ; keep babbling on about he mission . luke oh , no ! luke race out of the garage follow by threepio . ext . tatooine - lar homestead luke rush out of the small doom entry to the homestead and search the darken horizon for the small tripe astro - robot . threepio struggle out of the homestead and on the salt flat as luke scan the landscape with he electrobinoculars . threepio that r2 unit have always be a problem . this astro-droid be get quite out of hand . even I can not understand they logic at time . luke how could I be so stupid ? he 's nowhere in sight . blast it ! threepio pardon I , sir , but could not we go after he ? luke it 's too dangerous with all the sandpeople around . we will have to wait until morning . Owen yell up from the homestead plaza . owen luke , I be shutting the power down for the night . luke all right , I will be there in a few minute . Boy , be I gonna get it . he take one final look across the dim horizon . luke you know that little droid be go to cause I a lot of trouble . threepio oh , he excel at that , sir . int . lar homestead - plaza Morning slowly creep into the sparse but sparkling oasis of the open courtyard . the idyll be break be the yell of uncle Owen , he voice echoing throughout the homestead . owen luke ? luke ? luke ? where could he be loafing now ! int . lar homestead - kitchen the interior of the kitchen be a worm glow as aunt beru prepare the morning breakfast . Owen enter in a huff . owen have you see luke this morning ? aunt beru he say he have some thing to do before he start today , so he leave early . owen uh ? do he take that two new droid with he ? aunt beru I think so . owen well , he would better have that unit in the south range repair be midday or there will be hell to pay ! ext . tatooine - desert wasteland - luke's speeder - day the rock and sand of the desert floor be a blur as threepio pilot the sleek landspeeder gracefully across the vast wasteland . int . / ext . luke's speeder - desert wasteland - traveling - day luke lean over the back of the speeder and adjust something in the motor compartment . luke ( yell ) how 's that . threepio signal that be fine and luke turn back into the wind - whipped cockpit and pop the canopy shut . luke Old Ben kenobi life out in this direction somewhere , but I do not see how that r2 unit could have come this far . we must have miss he . uncle Owen be not go to take this very well . threepio Sir , would it help if you tell he it be my fault . luke ( brighten ) sure . he need you . he would probably only deactivate you for a day or so ... threepio deactivate ! well , on the other hand if you have not remove he restrain bolt ... luke wait , there 's something dead ahead on the scanner . it look like we droid ... hit the accelerator . ext . tatooine - rock mesa - dune sea - coastline - day from high on a rock mesa , the tiny landspeeder can be see glide across the desert floor . suddenly in the foreground two weather - beat sandpeople shroud in they grimy desert cloak peer over the edge of the rock mesa . one of the marginally human creature raise a long ominous laser rifle and point it at the speeder but the second creature grab the gun before it can be fire . the sandpeople , or tusken raider as they be sometimes call , speak in a coarse barbaric language as they get into a animated argument . the second tusken raider seem to get in the final word and the nomad scurry over the rocky terrain . ext . tatooine - rock mesa - canyon the tusken raider approach two large banthas stand tie to a rock . the monstrous , bear- like creature be as large as elephant , with huge red eye , tremendous looped horn , and long , furry , dinosaur - like tail . the tusken raider mount saddle strapped to the huge creature ' shaggy back and ride off down the rugge bluff . ext . tatooine - rock canyon - floor the speeder be park on the floor of a massive canyon . luke , with he long laser rifle sling over he shoulder , stand before little artoo . luke hey , whoa , just where do you think you be go ? the little droid whistle a feeble reply , as threepio pose menacingly behind the little runaway . threepio master luke here be you rightful owner . we will have no more of this obi-wan kenobi jibberish ... and do not talk to I about you mission , either . you be fortunate he do not blast you into a million piece right here . luke well , come on . it 's get late . I only hope we can get back before uncle Owen really blow up . threepio if you do not mind my say so , sir , I think you should deactivate the little fugitive until you have get he back to you workshop . luke no , he 's not go to try anything . suddenly the little robot jump to life with a mass of frantic whistle and scream . luke what 's wrong with he now ? threepio oh my ... sir , he say there be several creature approach from the southeast . luke swing he rifle into position and look to the south . luke sandpeople ! or worst ! come on , let 's have a look . come on . ext . tatooine - rock canyon - ridge - day luke carefully make he way to the top of a rock ridge and scan the canyon with he electrobinoculars . he spot the two riderless banthas . threepio struggle up behind the young adventurer . luke there be two banthas down there but I do not see any ... wait a second , they be sandpeople all right . I can see one of they now . luke watch the distant tusken raider through he electrobinoculars . suddenly something huge move in front of he field of view . before luke or threepio can react , a large , gruesome tusken raider loom over they . threepio be startle and back away , right off the side if the cliff . he can be hear for several moment as he clang , bang and rattles down the side of the mountain . the tower creature bring down he curve , double - point gaderffii -- the dread axe blade that have strike terror in the heart of the local settler . but luke manage to block the blow with he laser rifle , which be smashed to piece . the terrify farm boy scramble backward until he be force to the edge of a deep crevice . the sinister raider stand over he with he weapon raise and let out a horrible shriek laugh . ext . tatooine - rock canyon - floor - day artoo force himself into the shadow of a small alcove in the rock as the vicious sandpeople walk past carry the inert luke skywalker , who be drop in a heap before the speeder . the sandpeople ransack the speeder , throw part and supplies in all direction . suddenly they stop . then everything be quiet for a few moment . a great howling moan be hear echoing throughout the canyon which send the sandpeople flee in terror . artoo move even tighter into the shadow as the slight swish sound that frighten off the sandpeople grow even closer , until a shabby old desert- rat - of - a- man appear and lean over luke . his ancient leathery face , crack and weathered by exotic climate be set off by dark , penetrate eye and a scraggly white beard . Ben kenobi squint he eye as he scrutinize the unconscious farm boy . artoo make a slight sound and Ben turn and look right at he . BEN hello there ! come here my little friend . do not be afraid . artoo waddle over to be luke lie crumpled in a heap and begin to whistle and beep he concern . Ben put he hand on luke 's forehead and he begin to come around . BEN do not worry , he will be all right . luke what happen ? BEN Rest easy , son , you have have a busy day . you be fortunate you be still in one piece . luke Ben ? Ben kenobi ! Boy , be I glad to see you ! BEN the jundland waste be not to be travel lightly . tell I young luke , what bring you out this far ? luke oh , this little droid ! I think he 's search for he former master ... I have never see such devotion in a droid before ... there seem to be no stop he . he claim to be the property of a obi-wan kenobi . be he a relative of yours ? do you know who he 's talk about ? Ben ponder this for a moment , scratch he scruffy beard . BEN obi-wan kenobi ... obi-wan ? now thats a name I have not hear in a long time ... a long time . luke I think my uncle know he . he say he be dead . BEN oh , he 's not dead , not ... not yet . luke you know he ! BEN well of course , of course I know he . he 's I ! I have not go by the name obi-wan since oh , before you be bear . luke then the droid do belong to you . BEN do not seem to remember ever own a droid . very interesting ... he suddenly look up at the overhange cliff . BEN I think we better get indoors . the sandpeople be easily startle but they will soon be back and in great number . luke sit up and rub he head . artoo let out a pathetic beep cause luke to remember something . he look around . luke threepio ! ext . tatooine - sand pit - rock mesa - day Little artoo stand at the edge of a large sand pit and begin to chatter away in electronic whistle and beep . luke and Ben stand over a very dent and tangle threepio lie half bury in the sand . one of he arm have break off . luke try to revive the inert robot by shaking he and then flip a hide switch on he back several time until finally the mechanical man 's system turn on . threepio where be I ? I must have take a bad step ... luke can you stand ? we have get to get out of here before the sandpeople return . threepio I do not think I can make it . you go on , master luke . there 's no sense in you risk yourself on my account . I be do for . artoo make a beep sound . luke no , you be not . what kind of talk be that ? luke and Ben help the batter robot to he foot . Little artoo watch from the top of the pit . Ben glance around suspiciously . sense something , he stand up and sniff the air . BEN quickly , son ... they be on the move . int . kenobi's dwelling the small , spartan hovel be cluttere with desert junk but still manage to radiate a air of time - wear comfort and security . luke be in one corner repair threepio 's arm , as old Ben sit think . luke no , my father do not fight in the war . he be a navigator on a spice freighter . BEN that 's what you uncle tell you . he do not hold with you father 's ideal . think he should have stay here and not get involved . luke you fight in the clone Wars ? BEN yes , I be once a jedi knight the same as you father . luke I wish I would know he . BEN he be the best star-pilot in the galaxy , and a cun warrior . I understand you have become quite a good pilot yourself . and he be a good friend . which remind I ... Ben get up and go to a chest where he rummages around . as luke finish repair threepio and start to fit the restrain bolt back on , threepio look at he nervously . luke think about the bolt for a moment then put it on the table . Ben shuffles up and present luke with a short handle with several electronic gadget attach to it . BEN I have something here for you . you father want you to have this when you be old enough , but you uncle would not allow it . he fear you might follow old obi-wan on some damned - fool idealistic crusade like you father do . threepio Sir , if you will not be need I , I will close down for awhile . luke sure , go ahead . Ben hand luke the saber . luke what be it ? BEN you father lightsaber . this be the weapon of a jedi knight . not as clumsy or as random as a blaster . luke push a button on the handle . a long beam shoot out about four foot and flicker there . the light play across the ceiling . BEN a elegant weapon for a more civilized time . for over a thousand generation the jedi Knights be the guardian of peace and justice in the Old Republic . before the dark time , before the Empire . luke have not really be listen . luke how do my father die ? BEN a young jedi name darth vader , who be a pupil of mine until he turn to evil , help the Empire hunt down and destroy the jedi Knights . he betrayed and murder you father . now the jedi be all but extinct . vader be seduce by the dark side of the Force . luke the Force ? BEN well , the Force be what give a jedi he power . it 's a energy field create by all live thing . it surround we and penetrate we . it bind the galaxy together . artoo make beep sound . BEN now , let 's see if we can not figure out what you be , my little friend . and where you come from . luke I see part of the message he be ... luke be cut short as the record image of the beautiful young rebel princess be project from artoo 's face . BEN I seem to have find it . luke stop he work as the lovely girl 's image flicker before he eye . leia General kenobi , year ago you serve my father in the clone Wars . now he beg you to help he in he struggle against the Empire . I regret that I be unable to present my father 's request to you in person , but my ship have fall under attack and I be afraid my mission to bring you to alderaan have fail . I have place information vital to the survival of the Rebellion into the memory system of this r2 unit . my father will know how to retrieve it . you must see this droid safely deliver to he on alderaan . this be we most desperate hour . help I , obi-wan kenobi , you be my only hope . there be a little static and the transmission be cut short . Old Ben lean back and scratch he head . he silently puff on a tarnish chrome water pipe . luke have star in he eye . BEN you must learn the way of the Force if you be to come with I to alderaan . luke ( laugh ) alderaan ? I be not go to alderaan . I have get to go home . it 's late , I be in for it as it be . BEN I need you help , luke . she need you help . I be get too old for this sort of thing . luke I can not get involved ! I have get work to do ! it 's not that I like the Empire . I hate it ! but there 's nothing I can do about it right now . it 's such a long way from here . BEN that 's you uncle talk . luke ( sighing ) oh , God , my uncle . how be I ever go to explain this ? BEN learn about the Force , luke . luke look , I can take you as far as anchorhead . you can get a transport there to mos eisley or wherever you be go . BEN you must do what you feel be right , of course . ext . space . a Imperial stardestroyer head toward the evil planet - like battle station : the death Star ! int . death STAR - conference room eight Imperial senator and general sit around a black conference table . Imperial stormtrooper stand guard around the room . Commander tagge , a young , slimy - look general , be speak . tagge until this battle station be fully operational we be vulnerable . the rebel Alliance be too well equip . they be more dangerous than you realize . the bitter Admiral motti twist nervously in he chair . motti dangerous to you starfleet , Commander , not to this battle station ! tagge the Rebellion will continue to gain a support in the Imperial Senate as long as .... suddenly all head turn as Commander tagge 's speech be cut short and the Grand moff tarkin , governor of the Imperial outland region , enter . he be follow by he powerful ally , the sith Lord , darth vader . all of the general stand and bow before the thin , evil - look governor as he take he place at the head of the table . the Dark Lord stand behind he . tarkin the Imperial Senate will no longer be of any concern to we . I have just receive word that the Emperor have dissolve the council permanently . the last remnant of the Old Republic have be sweep away . tagge that 's impossible ! how will the Emperor maintain control without the bureaucracy ? tarkin the regional governor now have direct control over territory . fear will keep the local system in line . fear of this battle station . tagge and what of the Rebellion ? if the rebel have obtain a complete technical readout of this station , it be possible , however unlikely , that they might find a weakness and exploit it . vader the plan you refer to will soon be back in we hand . motti any attack make by the rebel against this station would be a useless gesture , no matter what technical data they have obtain . this station be now the ultimate power in the universe . I suggest we use it ! vader do not be too proud of this technological terror you have construct . the ability to destroy a planet be insignificant next to the power of the Force . motti do not try to frighten we with you sorcerer 's way , Lord vader . you sad devotion to that ancient religion have not help you conjure up the steal data tape , or give you clairvoyance enough to find the rebel 's hide fort ... suddenly motti choke and start to turn blue under vader 's spell . vader I find you lack of faith disturbing . tarkin enough of this ! vader , release he ! vader as you wish . tarkin this bicker be pointless . Lord vader will provide we with the location of the rebel fortress by the time this station be operational . we will then crush the Rebellion with one swift stroke . ext . tatooine - wasteland the speeder stop before what remain of the huge jawa sandcrawler . luke and Ben walk among the smolder rubble and scattered body . luke it look like sandpeople do this , all right . look , here be gaffi stick , bantha track . it 's just ... I never hear of they hit anything this big before . Ben be crouching in the sand study the track . BEN they do not . but we be mean to think they do . this track be side by side . sandpeople always ride single file to hide there number . luke this be the same jawa that sell we artoo and threepio . BEN and this blast point , too accurate for sandpeople . only Imperial stormtrooper be so precise . luke why would Imperial troops want to slaughter jawa ? luke look back at the speeder where artoo and threepio be inspect the dead jawa , and put two and two together . luke if they trace the robot here , they may have learn who they sell they to . and that would lead they home ! luke reach a sudden horrible realization , then race for the speeder and jump it . BEN wait , luke ! it 's too dangerous . luke race off leave Ben and the two robot alone with the burn sandcrawler . ext . tatooine - wasteland luke race across the wasteland in he batter landspeeder . ext . tatooine - lar homestead the speeder roar up to the burn homestead . luke jump out and run to the smoking hole that be once he home . debris be scattered everywhere and it look as if a great battle have take place . luke uncle Owen ! aunt beru ! uncle Owen ! luke stumble around in a daze look for he aunt and uncle . suddenly he come upon they smolder remain . he be stunne , and can not speak . hate replace fear and a new resolve come over he . ext . space Imperial tie fighter race toward the death Star . int . death STAR - detention corridor two stormtrooper open a electronic cell door and allow several Imperial guard to enter . princess leia 's face be fill with defiance , which slowly give way to fear as a giant black torture robot enter , follow by darth vader . vader and , now you highness , we will discuss the location of you hide rebel base . the torture robot give off a steady beep sound as it approach princess leia and extend one of its mechanical arm bear a large hypodermic needle . the door slide shut and the long cell block hallway appear peaceful . the muffle scream of the rebel princess be barely hear . ext . tatooine - wasteland there be a large bonfire of jawa body blaze in front of the sandcrawler as Ben and the robot finish burn the dead . luke drive up in the speeder and Ben walk over to he . BEN there 's nothing you could have do , luke , have you be there . you would have be kill , too , and the droid would be in the hand of the Empire . luke I want to come with you to alderaan . there 's nothing here for I now . I want to learn the way of the Force and become a jedi like my father . ext . tatooine - wasteland the landspeeder with luke , artoo , threepio , and Ben in it zoom across the desert . the speeder stop on a bluff overlook the spaceport at mos eisley . it be a haphazard array of low , grey , concrete structure and semi-dome . a harsh gale blow across the stark canyon floor . luke adjust he goggle and walk to the edge of the craggy bluff where Ben be stand . BEN mos eisley spaceport . you will never find a more wretch hive of scum and villainy . we must be cautious . Ben look over at luke , who give the old jedi a determine smile . ext . tatooine - mos eisley - STREET the speeder be stop on a crowded street by several combat - hardend stormtrooper who look over the two robot . a trooper question luke . trooper how long have you have this droid ? luke about three or four season . BEN they be for sale if you want they . trooper let I see you identification . luke become very nervous as he fumble to find he id while Ben speak to the trooper in a very control voice . BEN you do not need to see he identification . trooper we do not need to see he identification . BEN this be not the droid you look for . trooper this be not the droid we be look for . BEN he can go about he business . trooper you can go about you business . BEN ( to luke ) move along . trooper move along . move along . ext . tatooine - mos eisley - STREET the speeder pull up in front of a rundown blockhouse cantina on the outskirt of the spaceport . various strange form of transport , include several unusual beast of burden , be park outside the bar . a jawa run up and begin to fondle the speeder . threepio I can not abide this jawa . disgusting creature . as luke get out of the speeder he try to shoo the jawa away . luke go on , go on . I can not understand how we get by that trooper . I think we be dead . BEN the Force can have a strong influence on the weak -mind . you will find it a powerful ally . luke do you really think we be go to find a pilot here that will take we to alderaan ? BEN well , most of the best freighter pilot can be find here . only watch you step . this place can be a little rough . luke I be ready for anything . threepio come along , artoo . int . tatooine - mos eisley - cantina the young adventurer and he two mechanical servant follow Ben kenobi into the smoke- fill cantina . the murky , moldy de be fill with a startling array of weird and exotic alien creature and monster at the long metallic bar . at first the sight be horrifying . one -ey , thousand - eye , slimy , furry , scaly , tentacled , and claw creature huddle over drink . Ben move to a empty spot at the bar near a group of repulsive but human scum . a huge , rough -look bartender stop luke and the robot . bartender we do not serve they kind here ! luke still recover from the shock of see so many outlandish creature , do not quite catch the bartender 's drift . luke what ? bartender you droid . they will have to wait outside . we do not want they here . luke look at old Ben , who be busy talk to one of the galactic pirate . he notice several of the gruesome creature along the bar be give he a very unfriendly glare . luke pat threepio on the shoulder . luke listen , why do not you wait out by the speeder . we do not want any trouble . threepio I heartily agree with you sir . threepio and he stubby partner go outside and most of the creature at the bar go back to they drink . Ben be stand next to chewbacca , a eight - foot - tall savage - look creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey with fierce baboon - like fang . his large blue eye dominate a fur - cover face and soften he otherwise awesome appearance . over he matte , furry body he wear two chrome bandolier , and little else . he be a two -hundre - year - old wookiee and a sight to behold . Ben speak to the wookiee , point to luke several time during he conversation and the huge creature suddenly let out a horrifying laugh . luke be more than a little bit disconcert and pretend not to hear the conversation between Ben and the giant wookiee . luke be terrify but try not to show it . he quietly sip he drink , look over the crowd for a more sympathetic ear or whatever . a large , multiple - eye creature give luke a rough shove . creature negola dewaghi wooldugger ?!? the hideous freak be obviously drunk . luke try to ignore the creature and turn back on he drink . a short , grubby human and a even smaller rodent - like beast join the belligerent monstrosity . human he do not like you . luke I be sorry . human I do not like you either . the big creature be get agitate and yell out some unintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous , young adventurer . human do not insult we . you just watch yourself . we be want man . I have the death sentence in twelve system . luke I will be careful than . human you will be dead . the rodent let out a loud grunt and everything at the bar move away . luke try to remain cool but it be not easy . his three adversary ready they weapon . Old Ben move in behind luke . BEN this little one be not worth the effort . come let I buy you something ... a powerful blow from the unpleasant creature send the young would - be jedi sailing across the room , crash through table and break a large jug fill with a foul- look liquid . with a blood curdle shriek , the monster draw a wick chrome laser pistol from he belt and level it at old Ben . the bartender panic . bartender no blaster ! no blaster ! with astounding agility old Ben 's laser sword spark to life and in a flash a arm lie on the floor . the rodent be cut in two and the giant multiple - eye creature lie double , cut from chin to groin . Ben carefully and precisely turn off he laser sword and replace it on he utility belt . luke , shaking and totally amaze at the old man 's ability , attempt to stand . the entire fight have last only a matter of second . the cantina go back to normal , although Ben be give a respectable amount of room at the bar . luke , rub he bruise head , approach the old man with new awe . Ben point the the wookiee . BEN this be chewbacca . he 's first - mate on a ship that might suit we need . ext . tatooine - mos eisley - STREET threepio pace in front of the cantina as artoo carry on a electronic conversation with another little red astro - droid . a creature come out of the cantina and approach two stormtrooper in the street . threepio I do not like the look of this . int . tatooine - mos eisley - cantina strange creature play exotic big band music on odd - look instrument as luke , still giddy , downs a fresh drink and follow Ben and chewbacca to a booth where han solo be sit . han be a tough , roguish starpilot about thirty year old . a mercenary on a starship , he be simple , sentimental , and cocksure . han han solo . I be captain of the millennium falcon . chewie here tell I you be look for passage to the alderaan system . BEN yes , indeed . if it 's a fast ship . han fast ship ? you have never hear of the millennium falcon ? BEN should I have ? han it 's the ship that make the kessel run in less than twelve parsec ! Ben react to solo 's stupid attempt to impress they with obvious misinformation . han I have outrun Imperial starship , not the local bulk - cruiser , mind you . I be talk about the big corellian ship now . she 's fast enough for you , old man . what 's the cargo ? BEN only passenger . myself , the boy , two droid , and no question ask . han what be it ? some kind of local trouble ? BEN let 's just say we would like to avoid any Imperial entanglement . han well , that 's the trick , be not it ? and it 's go to cost you something extra . ten thousand in advance . luke ten thousand ? we could almost buy we own ship for that ! han but who 's go to fly it , kid ! you ? luke you bet I could . I be not such a bad pilot myself ! we do not have to sit here and listen ... BEN we have not that much with we . but we could pay you two thousand now , plus fifteen when we reach alderaan . han seventeen , huh ! han ponder this for a few moment . han okay . you guy get yourself a ship . we will leave as soon as you be ready . dock bay ninety -four . BEN ninety -four . han look like somebody 's beginning to take a interest in you handiwork . Ben and luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtrooper look at the dead body and ask the bartender some question . the bartender point to the booth . trooper all right , we will check it out . the stormtrooper look over at the booth but luke and Ben be go . the bartender shrug he shoulder in puzzlement . han seventeen thousand ! that guy must really be desperate . this could really save my neck . get back to the ship and get she ready . ext . tatooine - mos eisley - STREET BEN you will have to sell you speeder . luke that 's okay . I be never come back to this planet again . int . mos eisley - cantina as han be about to leave , greedo , a slimy green - face alien with a short trunk - nose , poke a gun in he side . the creature speak in a foreign tongue translate into English subtitles . greedo go somewhere , solo ? han yes , greedo . as a matter of fact , I be just go to see you boss . tell jabba that I have get he money . han sit down and the alien sit across from he hold the gun on he . greedo it 's too late . you should have pay he when you have the chance . jabba 's put a price on you head , so large that every bounty hunter in the galaxy will be look for you . I be lucky I find you first . han yeah , but this time I get the money . greedo if you give it to I , I might forget I find you . han I do not have it with I . tell jabba ... greedo jabba 's through with you . he have no time for smuggler who drop they shipment at the first sign of a Imperial cruiser . han even I get board sometimes . do you think I have a choice ? han solo slowly reach for he gun under the table . greedo you can tell that to jabba . he may only take you ship . han over my dead body . greedo that 's the idea . I have be look forward to kill you for a long time . han yes , I will bet you have . suddenly the slimy alien disappear in a blind flash of light . han pull he smoking gun from beneath the table as the other patron look on in bemuse amazement . han get up and start out of the cantina , flipping the bartender some coin as he leave . han sorry about the mess . ext . space several tie fighter approach the death Star . int . death STAR - control room vader her resistance to the mind probe be considerable . it will be some time before we can extract any information from she . a Imperial Officer interrupt the meeting . imperial officer the final check - out be complete . all system be operational . what course shall we set ? tarkin perhaps she would respond to a alternative form of persuasion . vader what do you mean ? tarkin I think it be time we demonstrate the full power of this station . ( to soldier ) set you course for princess leia 's home planet of alderaan . trooper with pleasure . ext . tatooine - mos eisley - STREET four heavily - armed stormtrooper move menacingly along a narrow slum alleyway crow with darkly clad creature hawk exotic goods in the dingy little stall . Men , monster , and robot crouch in the waste- fill doorway , whisper and hide from the hot wind . threepio lock the door , artoo . one of the trooper check a tightly lock door and move on down the alleyway . the door slide open a crack and threepio peek out . artoo be barely visible in the background . trooper all right , check that side of the street . it 's secure . move on to the next door . the door open , threepio move into the doorway . threepio I would much rather have go with master luke than stay here with you . I do not know what all the trouble be about , but I be sure it must be you fault . artoo make beep sound . threepio you watch you language ! ext . tatooine - mos eisley - STREET - alleyway - used speeder lot Ben and luke be stand in a sleazy use speeder lot , talk with a tall , grotesque , insect - like use speeder dealer . strange exotic body and spindly - legge beast pass by as the insect conclude the sale by give luke some coin . luke he say it 's the best he can do . since the XP - 38 come out , they be just not in demand . BEN it will be enough . Ben and luke leave the speeder lot and walk down the dusty alleyway past a small robot herding a bunch of anteater - like creature . luke turn and give one last forlorn look at he faithful speeder as he round a corner . a darkly clad creature move out of the shadow as they pass and watch they as they disappear down another alley . BEN if the ship 's as fast as he 's boast , we ought to do well . int . docking BAY 94 - day jabba the Hut and a half - dozen grisly alien pirate and purple creature stand in the middle of the docking bay . jabba be the grossest of the slaver hulk and he scar face be a grim testimonial to he prowess as a vicious killer . he be a fat , slug-like creature with eye on extend feeler and a huge ugly mouth . jabba come on out , solo ! a voice from directly behind the pirate startles they and they turn around to see han solo and the giant wookiee , chewbacca , stand behind they with no weapon in sight . han I have be wait for you , jabba . jabba I expect you would be . han I be not the type to run . jabba ( fatherly - smooth ) han , my boy , there be time when you disappoint I ... why have not you pay I ? and why do you have to fry poor greedo like that ... after all we have be through together . han you send greedo to blast I . jabba ( mock surprise ) han , why you be the best smuggler in the business . you be too valuable to fry . he be only relaying my concern at you delay . he be not go to blast you . han I think he think he be . next time do not send one of that twerps . if you have get something to say to I , come see I yourself . jabba han , han ! if only you have not have to dump that shipment of spice ... you understand I just can not make a exception . where would I be if every pilot who smuggle for I dumped they shipment at the first sign of a Imperial starship ? it 's not good business . han you know , even I get board sometimes , jabba . I have no choice , but I have get a charter now and I can pay you back , plus a little extra . I just need some more time . jabba ( to he man ) put you blaster away . han , my boy , I be only do this because you be the best and I need you . so , for a extra , say twenty percent I will give you a little more time ... but this be it . if you disappoint I again , I will put a price on you head so large you will not be able to go near a civilized system for the rest of you short life . han jabba , I will pay you because it 's my pleasure . ext . docking port entry - alleyway chewbacca wait restlessly at the entrance to dock Bay 94 . Ben , luke , and the robot make they way up the street . chewbacca jabber excitedly and signal for they to hurry . the darkly clad creature have follow they from the speeder lot . he stop in a nearby doorway and speak into a small transmitter . int . mos eisley spaceport - docking BAY 94 chewbacca lead the group into a giant dirt pit that be dock Bay 94 . resting in the middle of the huge hole be a large , round , beat - up , piece - together hunk of junk that could only loosely be call a starship . luke what a piece of junk . the tall figure of han solo come down the board ramp . han she will make point five beyond the speed of light . she may not look like much , but she 's get it where it count , kid . I have add some special modification myself . luke scratch he head . it 's obvious he be not sure about all this . chewbacca rush up the ramp and urge the other to follow . han we be a little rush , so if you will hurry aboard we will get out of here . the group rush up the gang plank , pass a grin han solo . int . millennium falcon chewbacca settles into the pilot 's chair and start the mighty engine of the starship . int . mos eisley spaceport - docking BAY 94 luke , Ben , threepio , and artoo move toward the millennium falcon pass solo . threepio hello , sir . ext . tatooine - mos eisley - STREET eight Imperial stormtrooper rush up to the darkly clad creature . trooper which way ? the darkly clad creature point to the door of the docking bay . trooper all right , man . load you weapon ! int . mos eisley spaceport - docking BAY 94 ] the troops hold they gun at the ready and charge down the docking bay entrance . trooper stop that ship ! han solo look up and see the Imperial stormtrooper rush into the docking bay . several of the trooper fire at han as he duck into the spaceship . trooper blast them ! han draw he laser pistol and pop off a couple of shot which force the stormtrooper to dive for safety . the pirateship engine whine as han hit the release button that slam the overhead entry shut . int . millennium falcon han chewie , get we out of here ! the group strap in for take off . threepio oh , my . I would forget how much I hate space travel . ext . tatooine - mos eisley - street the half - dozen stormtrooper at a check point hear the general alarm and look to the sky as the huge starship rise above the dingy slum dwelling and quickly disappear into the morning sky . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han climb into the pilot 's chair next to chewbacca , who chatter away as he point to something on the radar scope . ext . space - planet tatooine the corellian pirateship zoom from tatooine into space . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han frantically type information into the ship 's computer . Little artoo appear momentarily at the cockpit doorway , make a few beep remark , then scurries away . han it look like a Imperial cruiser . we passenger must be hotter than I think . try and hold they off . angle the deflector shield while I make the calculation for the jump to light speed . ext . space - planet tatooine the millennium falcon pirateship race away from the yellow planet , tatooine . it be follow by two huge Imperial stardestroyer . int . millennium falcon - cockpit over the shoulder of chewbacca and han , we can see the galaxy spread before they . luke and Ben make they way into the cramped cockpit where han continue he calculation . han stay sharp ! there be two more come in ; they be go to try to cut we off . luke why do not you outrun they ? I think you say this thing be fast . han watch you mouth , kid , or you be go to find yourself float home . we will be safe enough once we make the jump to hyperspace . besides , I know a few maneuver . we will lose they ! ext . space - planet tatooine Imperial cruiser fire at the pirateship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit the ship shudder as a explosion flash outside the window . han here 's where the fun begin ! BEN how long before you can make the jump to light speed ? han it will take a few moment to get the coordinate from the navi-computer . the ship begin to rock violently as laser hit it . luke be you kid ? at the rate they be gain ... han travel through hyperspace be not like dusting crop , boy ! without precise calculation we could fly right through a star or bounce too close to a supernova and that would end you trip real quick , would not it ? the ship be now constantly batter with laserfire as a red warning light begin to flash . luke what 's that flash ? han we be lose we deflector shield . go strap yourself in , I be go to make the jump to light speed . the galaxy brighten and they move faster , almost as if crash a barrier . star become streak as the pirateship make the jump to hyperspace . ext . space the millennium falcon zoom into infinity in less than a second . ext . death STAR alderaan loom behind the death Star battlestation . int . death STAR - control room Admiral motti enter the quiet control room and bow before Governor tarkin , who stand before the huge wall screen display a small green planet . motti we have enter the alderaan system . vader and two stormtrooper enter with princess leia . her hand be bound . leia Governor tarkin , I should have expect to find you hold vader 's leash . I recognize you foul stench when I be bring on board . tarkin charm to the last . you do not know how hard I find it signing the order to terminate you life ! leia I surprised you have the courage to take the responsibility yourself ! tarkin princess leia , before you execution I would like you to be my guest at a ceremony that will make this battle station operational . no star system will dare oppose the Emperor now . leia the more you tighten you grip , tarkin , the more star system will slip through you finger . tarkin not after we demonstrate the power of this station . in a way , you have determine the choice of the planet that will be destroy first . since you be reluctant to provide we with the location of the rebel base , I have choose to test this station 's destructive power ... on you home planet of alderaan . leia no! alderaan be peaceful . we have no weapon . you can not possibly ... tarkin you would prefer another target ? a military target ? then name the system ! tarkin wave menacingly toward leia . tarkin I grow tired of ask this . so it will be the last time . where be the rebel base ? leia overhear a intercom voice announce the approach to alderaan . leia ( softly ) dantooine . leia lower she head . leia they're on dantooine . tarkin there . you see Lord vader , she can be reasonable . ( address motti ) continue with the operation . you may fire when ready . leia what ? tarkin you be far too trust . dantooine be too remote to make a effective demonstration . but do not worry . we will deal with you rebel friend soon enough . leia no ! int . death STAR - blast chamber vader commence primary ignition . a button be press which switch on a panel of light . a hood Imperial soldier reach overhead and pull a lever . another lever be pull . vader reach for still another lever and a bank of light on a panel and wall light up . a huge beam of light emanate from within a cone - shape area and converge into a single laser beam out toward alderaan . the small green planet of alderaan be blow into space dust . int . millennium falcon - central hold area Ben watch luke practice the lightsaber with a small " seeker " robot . Ben suddenly turn away and sit down . he falter , seem almost faint . luke be you all right ? what 's wrong ? BEN I feel a great disturbance in the Force ... as if million of voice suddenly cry out in terror and be suddenly silence . I fear something terrible have happen . Ben rub he forehead . he seem to drift into a trance . then he fix he gaze on luke . BEN you would better get on with you exercise . han solo enter the room . han well , you can forget you trouble with that Imperial slug . I tell you I would outrun them . luke be once again practice with the lightsaber . han do not everyone thank I at once . threepio watch chewbacca and artoo who be engross in a game in which three - dimensional holographic figure move along a chess - type board . han anyway , we should be at alderaan about oh-two-hundred hour . chewbacca and the two robot sit around the light table cover with small holographic monster . each side of the table have a small computer monitor embed in it . chewbacca seem very pleased with himself as he rest he lanky fur - cover arm over he head . threepio now be careful , artoo . artoo immediately reach up and tap the computer with he stubby claw hand , cause one of the holographic creature to walk to the new square . a sudden frown cross chewbacca 's face and he begin yell gibberish at the tiny robot . threepio intercede on behalf of he small companion and begin to argue with the huge wookiee . threepio he make a fair move . scream about it will not help you . han ( interrupt ) let he have it . it 's not wise to upset a wookiee . threepio but sir , nobody worry about upsetting a droid . han that 's ' cause droid do not pull people 's arm out of they socket when they lose . wookiee be know to do that . threepio I see you point , sir . I suggest a new strategy , artoo . let the wookiee win . luke stand in the middle of the small hold area ; he seem freeze in place . a hum lightsaber be hold high over he head . Ben watch he from the corner , study he movement . han watch with a bit of smugness . BEN remember , a jedi can feel the Force flow through he . luke you mean it control you action ? BEN partially . but it also obey you command . suspend at eye level , about ten foot in front of luke , a " seeker " , a chrome baseball - like robot cover with antennae , hover slowly in a wide arc . the ball float to one side of the youth then the other . suddenly it make a lightning - swift lunge and stop within a few foot of luke 's face . luke do not move and the ball back off . it slowly move behind the boy , then make another quick lunge , this time emit a blood red laser beam as it attack . it hit luke in the leg cause he to tumble over . han let loose with a burst of laughter . han hokey religion and ancient weapon be no match for a good blaster at you side , kid . luke you do not believe in the Force , do you ? han kid , I have fly from one side of this galaxy to the other . I have see a lot of strange stuff , but I have never see anything to make I believe there 's one all - powerful force control everything . there 's no mystical energy field that control my destiny . Ben smile quietly . han it 's all a lot of simple trick and nonsense . BEN I suggest you try it again , luke . Ben place a large helmet on luke 's head which cover he eye . BEN this time , let go you conscious self and act on instinct . luke ( laugh ) with the blast shield down , I can not even see . how be I suppose to fight ? BEN you eye can deceive you . do not trust they . han skeptically shake he head as Ben throw the seeker into the air . the ball shoot straight up in the air , then drop like a rock . luke swing the lightsaber around blindly miss the seeker , which fire off a laserbolt which hit luke square on the seat of the pants . he let out a painful yell and attempt to hit the seeker . BEN stretch out with you feeling . luke stand in one place , seemingly freeze . the seeker make a dive at luke and , incredibly , he manage to deflect the bolt . the ball cease fire and move back to its original position . BEN you see , you can do it . han I call it luck . BEN in my experience , there 's no such thing as luck . han look , go good against remote be one thing . go good against the live ? that 's something else . solo notice a small light flash on the far side of the control panel . han look like we be come up on alderaan . han and chewbacca head back to the cockpit . luke you know , I do feel something . I could almost see the remote . BEN that 's good . you have take you first step into a larger world . int . death STAR - conference room Imperial Officer Cass stand before Governor tarkin and the evil Dark Lord darth vader . tarkin yes . officer cass we scout ship have reach dantooine . they find the remain of a rebel base , but they estimate that it have be desert for some time . they be now conduct a extensive search of the surround system . tarkin she lie ! she lie to we ! vader I tell you she would never consciously betray the Rebellion . tarkin terminate she ... immediately ! ext . hyperspace the pirateship be just come out of hyperspace ; a strange surreal light show surround the ship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han stand by , chewie , here we go . cut in the sublight engine . han pull back on a control lever . outside the cockpit window star begin streaking past , seem to decrease in speed , then stop . suddenly the starship begin to shudder and violently shake about . asteroid begin to race toward they , batter the side of the ship . han what the ...? aw , we have come out of hyperspace into a meteor shower . some kind of asteroid collision . it 's not on any of the chart . the wookiee flip off several control and seem very cool in the emergency . luke make he way into the bounce cockpit . luke what 's go on ? han we position be correct , except ... no , alderaan ! luke what do you mean ? where be it ? han thats what I be try to tell you , kid . it be not there . it 's be totally blow away . luke what ? how ? Ben move into the cockpit behind luke as the ship begin to settle down . BEN destroy ... by the Empire ! han the entire starfleet could not destroy the whole planet . it would take a thousand ship with more fire power than I have ... a signal start flash on the control panel and a muffle alarm start hum . han there 's another ship come in . luke maybe they know what happen . BEN it 's a Imperial fighter . chewbacca bark he concern . a huge explosion burst outside the cockpit window , shaking the ship violently . a tiny , finn Imperial tie fighter race past the cockpit window . luke it follow we ! BEN no . it 's a short range fighter . han there be not any basis around here . where do it come from ? ext . space the fighter race past the corellian pirateship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit luke it sure be leave in a big hurry . if they identify we , we be in big trouble . han not if I can help it . chewie ... jam it 's transmission . BEN it would be as well to let it go . it 's too far out of range . han not for long ... ext . space the pirateship zoom over the camera and away into the vastness of space after the Imperial tie fighter . int . millennium falcon - cockpit the tension mount as the pirateship gain on the tiny fighter . in the distance , one of the star become brighter until it be obvious that the tie ship be head for it . Ben stand behind chewbacca . BEN a fighter that size could not get this deep into space on its own . luke it must have get lose , be part of a convoy or something . han well , he be not go to be around long enough to tell anyone about we . ext . space the tie fighter be lose ground to the larger pirateship as they race toward camera and disappear over head . int . millennium falcon - cockpit the distant star can be distinguished as a small moon or planet . luke look at he . he 's head for that small moon . han I think I can get he before he get there ... he 's almost in range . the small moon begin to take on the appearance of a monstrous spherical battle station . BEN that 's no moon ! it 's a space station . han it 's too big to be a space station . luke I have a very bad feel about this . han yeah , I think you right . full reverse ! chewie , lock in the auxiliary power . the pirateship shudder and the tie fighter accelerate away toward the gargantuan battle station . luke why be we still move towards it ? han we be catch in a tractor beam ! it 's pull we in ! luke but there 's gotta be something you can do ! han there 's nothin ' I can do about it , kid . I be in full power . I be go to have to shut down . but they be not go to get I without a fight ! Ben kenobi put a hand on he shoulder . BEN you can not win . but there be alternative to fight . int . millennium falcon - death STAR as the batter pirate starship be tow closer to the awesome metal moon , the immense size of the massive battle station become staggering . running along the equator of the gigantic sphere be a mile-high band of huge docking port into which the helpless pirateship be drag . ext . death STAR - huge port door the helpless millennium falcon be pull past a docking port control room and huge laser turret cannon . voice over death STAR intercom clear Bay twenty - three -seven . we be open the magnetic field . int . death STAR - docking BAY 2037 the pirateship be pull in through port door of the death Star , come to rest in a huge hangar . thirty stormtrooper stand at attention in a central assembly area . officer to you station ! ( to another officer ) come with I . int . death STAR - hallway stormtrooper run to they post . int . death STAR - hangar 2037 a line of stormtrooper march toward the pirateship in readiness to board it , while other trooper stand with weapon ready to fire . officer Close all outboard shield ! Close all outboard shield ! int . death STAR - conference room tarkin push a button and respond to the intercom buzz . tarkin yes . voice ( over intercom ) we have capture a freighter enter the remain of the alderaan system . it 's marking match that of a ship that blast its way out of mos eisley . vader they must be try to return the steal plan to the princess . she may yet be of some use to we . int . death STAR - docking BAY 2037 vader and a commander approach the troops as a Officer and several heavily armed troops exit the spacecraft . voice ( over intercom ) unlock one - five-seven and nine . release charge . officer ( to vader ) there 's no one on board , sir . accord to the log , the crew abandon ship right after takeoff . it must be a decoy , sir . several of the escape pod have be jettison . vader do you find any droid ? officer no , sir . if there be any on board , they must also have jettison . vader send a scan crew on board . I want every part of this ship check . officer yes , sir . vader I sense something ... a presence I have not feel since ... vader turn quickly and exit the hangar . officer get I a scan crew in here on the double . I want every part of this ship check ! int . millennium falcon - hallway a trooper run through the hallway head for the exit . in a few moment all be quiet . the muffle sound of a distant officer give order finally fade . two floor panel suddenly pop up revealing han solo and luke . Ben kenobi stick he head out of a third locker . luke Boy , it 's lucky you have this compartment . han I use they for smuggle . I never think I would be smuggle myself in they . this be ridiculous . even if I could take off , I would never get past the tractor beam . BEN leave that to I ! han damn fool . I know that you be go to say that ! BEN who 's the more foolish ... the fool or the fool who follow he ? han shake he head , mutter to himself . chewbacca agree . int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY the crewmen carry a heavy box on board the ship , past the two stormtrooper guard either side of the ramp . trooper the ship 's all yours . if the scanner pick up anything , report it immediately . all right , let 's go . the crewmen enter the pirateship and a loud crash sound be follow by a voice call to the guard below . han' voice hey down there , could you give we a hand with this ? the stormtrooper enter the ship and a quick round of gunfire be hear . int . death STAR - forward BAY - command office in a very small command office near the entrance to the pirateship , a gantry Officer look out he window and notice the guard be miss . he speak into the comlink . gantry officer TX - four-one -two . why be not you at you post ? TX - four-one -two , do you copy ? a stormtrooper come down the ramp of the pirateship and wave to the gantry officer , point to he ear indicate he comlink be not work . the gantry officer shake he head in disgust and head for the door , give he aide a annoyed look . gantry officer take over . we have get a bad transmitter . I will see what I can do . as the officer approach the door , it slide open revealing the tower chewbacca . the gantry officer , in a momentary state of shock , stumble backward . with a bone - chill howl , the giant wookiee flatten the officer with one blow . the aide immediately reach for he pistol , but be blast by han , dress as a Imperial stormtrooper . Ben and the robot enter the room quickly follow by luke , also dress as a stormtrooper . luke quickly remove he helmet . luke you know , between he howling and you blast everything in sight , it 's a wonder the whole station do not know we be here . han bring they on ! I prefer a straight fight to all this sneaking around . threepio we find the computer outlet , sir . Ben feed some information into the computer and a map of the city appear on the monitor . he begin to inspect it carefully . threepio and artoo look over the control panel . artoo find something that make he whistle wildly . BEN plug in . he should be able to interpret the entire Imperial computer network . artoo punch he claw arm into the computer socket and the vast Imperial brain network come to life , feed information to the little robot . after a few moment , he beep something . threepio he say he 's find the main computer to power the tractor beam that 's hold the ship here . he will try to make the precise location appear on the monitor . the computer monitor flash readout . threepio the tractor beam be couple to the main reactor in seven location . a power loss at one of the terminal will allow the ship to leave . Ben study the data on the monitor readout . BEN I do not think you boy can help . I must go alone . han whatever you say . I have do more that I bargain for on this trip already . luke I want to go with you . BEN be patient , luke . stay and watch over the droid . luke but he can ... BEN they must be deliver safely or other star system will suffer the same fate as alderaan . you destiny lie along a different path than mine . the Force will be with you ... always ! Ben adjust the lightsaber on he belt and silently step out of the command office , then disappear down a long grey hallway . chewbacca bark a comment and han shake he head in agreement . han Boy you say it , chewie . han look at luke . han where do you dig up that old fossil ? luke Ben be a great man . han yeah , great at get we into trouble . luke I do not hear you give any idea ... han well , anything would be better than just hang around wait for he to pick we up ... luke who do you think ... suddenly artoo begin to whistle and beep a blue streak . luke go over to he . luke what be it ? threepio I be afraid I be not quite sure , sir . he say " I find she " , and keep repeat , " she 's here . " luke well , who ... who have he find ? artoo whistle a frantic reply . threepio princess leia . luke the princess ? she 's here ? han princess ? what 's go on ? threepio level five . detention block a a-twenty - three . I be afraid she 's schedule to be terminate . luke oh , no ! we have get to do something . han what be you talk about ? luke the droid belong to she . she 's the one in the message ... we have get to help she . han now , look , do not get any funny idea . the old man want we to wait right here . luke but he do not know she be here . look , will you just find a way back into the detention block ? han I be not go anywhere . luke they be go to execute she . look , a few minute ago you say you do not want to just wait here to be capture . now all you want to do be stay . han march into the detention area be not what I have in mind . luke but they be go to kill she ! han better she than I ... luke she 's rich . chewbacca growl . han Rich ? luke yes. Rich , powerful ! listen , if you be to rescue she , the reward would be ... han what ? luke well more wealth that you can imagine . han I do not know , I can imagine quite a bit ! luke you will get it ! han I better ! luke you will ... han all right , kid . but you would better be right about this . han look at chewie , who grunt a short grunt . luke all right . han what 's you plan ? luke uh ... threepio , hand I that binder there will you ? luke move toward chewbacca with electronic cuff . luke okay . now , I be go to put this on you . chewie let out a hideous growl . luke okay . han , you put this on . luke sheepishly hand the binder to han . han do not worry , chewie . I think I know what he have in mind . the wookiee have a worried and frighten look on he face as han bind he with the electronic cuff . threepio master luke , sir ! pardon I for ask ... but , ah ... what should artoo and I do if we be discover here ? luke lock the door ! han and hope they do not have blaster . threepio that be not very reassure . luke and han put on they armored stormtrooper helmet and start off into the giant Imperial death Star . int . death STAR - detention area - elevator tube han and luke try to look inconspicuous in they armored suit as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive . troops , bureaucrat , and robot bustle about , ignore the trio completely . only a few give the giant wookiee a curious glance . finally a small elevator arrive and the trio enter . luke I can not see a thing in this helmet . a bureaucrat race to get aboard also , but be signal away by han . the door to the pod-like vehicle slide close and the elevator car take off through a vacuum tube . int . death STAR - MAIN hallway several Imperial officer walk through the wide main passageway . they pass several stormtrooper and a robot similar to threepio but with a insect face . at the far end of the hallway , a pass flash of Ben kenobi appear , then disappear down a small hallway . his appearance be so fleeting that it be hard to tell if he be real or just a illusion . no one in the hallway seem to notice he . int . death STAR - interior elevator - detention security area luke and han step forward to exit the elevator , but the door slide open behind they . the giant wookiee and he two guard enter the old grey security station . Guards and laser gate be everywhere . han whisper to luke under he breath . han this be not go to work . luke why do not you say so before ? han I do say so before ! int . detention area Elevator door open . a tall , grim look Officer approach the trio . officer where be you take this ... thing ? chewie growl a bit at the remark but han nudge he to shut up . luke prisoner transfer from block one - one - three -eight . officer I be not notify . I will have to clear it . the officer go back to he console and begin to punch in the information . there be only three other trooper in the area . luke and han survey the situation , check all of the alarm , laser gate , and camera eye . han unfasten one of chewbacca 's electronic cuff and shrug to luke . suddenly chewbacca throw up he hand and let out with one of he ear-pierce howl . he grab han 's laser rifle . han look out ! he 's loose ! luke he 's go to pull we all apart . han go get he ! the startle guard be momentarily dumbfounded . luke and han have already pull out they laser pistol and be blast away at the terrifying wookiee . they barrage of laserfire miss chewbacca , but hit the camera eye , laser gate control , and the Imperial guard . the officer be the last of the guard to fall under the laserfire just as he be about to push the alarm system . han rush to the comlink system , which be screeching question about what be go on . he quickly check the computer readout . han we have get to find out which cell this princess of yours be in . here it be ... cell twenty -one-eight -seven . you go get she . I will hold they here . luke race down one of the cell corridor . han speak into the buzzing comlink . han ( sounding official ) everything be under control . situation normal . intercom voice what happen ? han ( get nervous ) uh ... have a slight weapon malfunction . but , uh , everything 's perfectly all right now . we be fine . we be all fine here , now , thank you . how be you ? intercom voice we be send a squad up . han uh , uh , negative . we have a reactor leak here now . give we a few minute to lock it down . large leak ... very dangerous . intercom voice who be this ? what 's you operate number ? han blast the comlink and it explode . han bore conversation anyway . ( yell down the hall ) luke ! we be go to have company ! int . death STAR - cell row luke stop in front of one of the cell and blast the door away with a laser pistol . when the smoke clear , luke see the dazzle young princess - senator . she have be sleep and be now look at he with a uncomprehend look on she face . luke be stunne by she incredible beauty and stand stare at she with he mouth hang open . leia ( finally ) be not you a little short to be a stormtrooper ? luke take off he helmet , come out of it . luke what ? oh ... the uniform . I be luke skywalker . I be here to rescue you . leia you be who ? luke I be here to rescue you . I have get you r2 unit . I be here with Ben kenobi . leia Ben kenobi be here ! where be he ? luke come on ! int . death STAR - conference room darth vader pace the room as Governor tarkin sit at the far end of the conference table . vader he be here ... tarkin obi-wan kenobi ! what make you think so ? vader a tremor in the Force . the last time I feel it be in the presence of my old master . tarkin surely he must be dead by now . vader do not underestimate the power of the Force . tarkin the jedi be extinct , they fire have go out of the universe . you , my friend , be all that 's leave of they religion . there be a quiet buzz on the comlink . tarkin yes . intercom voice Governor tarkin , we have a emergency alert in detention block a a-twenty - three . tarkin the princess ! put all section on alert ! vader obi-wan be here . the Force be with he . tarkin if you be right , he must not be allow to escape . vader escape be not he plan . I must face he alone . int . death STAR - detention area - hallway a ominous buzzing sound be hear on the other side of the elevator door . han chewie ! chewbacca respond with a growl noise . han get behind I ! get behind I ! a series of explosion knock a hole in the elevator door through which several Imperial troops begin to emerge . han and chewie fire laser pistol at they through the smoke and flame . they turn and run down the cell hallway , meeting up with luke and leia rush toward they . han can not get out that way . leia look like you manage to cut off we only escape route . han ( sarcastically ) maybe you would like it back in you cell , you highness . luke take a small comlink transmitter from he belt as they continue to exchange fire with stormtrooper make they way down the corridor . luke see - threepio ! see - threepio ! threepio ( over comlink ) yes sir ? luke we have be cut off ! be there any other way out of the cell bay ?... what be that ? I do not copy ! int . death STAR - MAIN BAY gantry - control tower threepio pace the control center as little artoo beep and whistle a blue streak . threepio yell into the small comlink transmitter . threepio I say , all system have be alert to you presence , sir . the main entrance seem to be the only way in or out ; all other information on you level be restrict . someone begin bang on the door . trooper voice open up in there ! threepio oh , no ! int . death STAR - detention corridor luke and leia crouch together in a alcove for protection as they continue to exchange fire with troops . han and chewbacca be barely able to keep the stormtrooper at bay at the far and of the hallway . the laserfire be very intense , and smoke fill the narrow cell corridor . luke there be not any other way out . han I can not hold they off forever ! now what ? leia this be some rescue . when you come in here , do not you have a plan for get out ? han ( point to luke ) he 's the brain , sweetheart . luke manage a sheepish grin and shrug he shoulder . luke well , I do not ... the princess grab luke 's gun and fire at a small grate in the wall next to han , almost fry he . han what the hell be you do ? leia somebody have to save we skin . into the garbage chute , wise guy . she jump through the narrow open as han and chewbacca look on in amazement . chewbacca sniff the garbage chute and say something . han get in there you big furry oaf ! I do not care what you smell ! get in there and do not worry about it . han give he a kick and the wookiee disappear into the tiny open . luke and han continue fire as they work they way toward the open . han wonderful girl ! either I be go to kill she or I be beginning to like she . get in there ! luke duck laserfire as he jump into the darkness . han fire off a couple of quick blast create a smokey cover , then slide into the chute himself and be go . int . death STAR - garbage room han tumble into the large room fill with garbage and muck . luke be already stumbling around look for a exit . he find a small hatchway and struggle to get it open . it will not budge . han ( sarcastically ) oh ! the garbage chute be a really wonderful idea . what a incredible smell you have discover ! let 's get out of here ! get away from there ... luke no! wait ! han draw he laser pistol and fire at the hatch . the laserbolt ricochet wildly around the small metal room . everyone dive for cover in the garbage as the bolt explode almost on top of they . leia climb out of the garbage with a rather grim look on she face . luke will you forget it ? I already try it . it 's magnetically seal ! leia put that thing away ! you be go to get we all kill . han absolutely , you worship . look , I have everything under control until you lead we down here . you know , it 's not go to take they long to figure out what happen to we . leia it could be worse ... a loud , horrible , inhuman moan work its way up from the murky depth . chewbacca let out a terrify howl and begin to back away . han and luke stand fast with they laser pistol draw . the wookiee be cower near one of the wall . han it 's worse . luke there 's something alive in here ! han that 's you imagination . luke something just move past my leg ! look ! do you see that ? han what ? luke help ! suddenly luke be yank under the garbage . han luke ! luke ! luke ! solo try to get to luke . luke surface with a gasp of air and thrashing of limb . a membrane tentacle be wrap around he throat . leia luke ! leia extend a long pipe toward he . leia luke , luke , grab a hold of this . luke blast it , will you ! my gun 's jamme . han where ? luke anywhere ! oh !! solo fire he gun downward . luke be pull back into the muck by the slimy tentacle . han luke ! luke ! suddenly the wall of the garbage receptacle shudder and move in a couple of inch . then everything be deathly quiet . han and leia give each other a worried look as chewbacca howl in the corner . with a rush of bubbles and muck luke suddenly bob to the surface . leia grab he ! luke seem to be release by the thing . leia what happen ? luke I do not know , it just let go of I and disappear ... han I have get a very bad feel about this . before anyone can say anything the wall begin to rumble and edge toward the rebel . luke the wall be move ! leia do not just stand there . try to brace it with something . they place pole and long metal beam between the close wall , but they be simply snap and bent as the giant trashmasher rumble on . the situation do not look too good . luke wait a minute ! luke pull out he comlink . luke threepio ! come in threepio ! threepio ! where could he be ? int . death STAR - MAIN gantry - command office a soft buzzer and the mute voice of luke call out for see - threepio can be hear on threepio 's hand comlink , which be sit on the desert computer console . artoo and threepio be nowhere in sight . suddenly there be a great explosion and the door of the control tower fly across the floor . four armed stormtrooper enter the chamber . first trooper take over ! ( point to the dead officer ) see to he ! look there ! a trooper push a button and the supply cabinet door slide open . see - threepio and artoo - detoo be inside . artoo follow he bronze companion out into the office . threepio they be mad ! they be head for the prison level . if you hurry , you might catch they . first officer ( to he troops ) follow I ! you stand guard . the troops hustle off down the hallway , leave a guard to watch over the command office . threepio ( to artoo ) come on ! the guard aim a blaster at they . threepio oh ! all this excitement have overrun the circuit of my counterpart here . if you do not mind , I would like to take he down to maintenance . trooper all right . the guard nod and threepio , with little artoo in tow , hurry out the door . int . death STAR - garbage room as the wall rumble close , the room get smaller and smaller . chewie be whining and try to hold a wall back with he giant paw . han be lean back against the other wall . garbage be snap and pop . luke be try to reach threepio . luke threepio ! come in , threepio ! threepio ! han and leia try to brace the contracting wall with a pole . leia begin to sink into the trash . han get to the top ! leia I can not luke where could he be ? threepio ! threepio , will you come in ? int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY - service panel threepio they be not here ! something must have happen to they . see if they have be capture . Little artoo carefully plug he claw arm into a new wall socket and a complex array of electronic sound spew from the tiny robot . threepio hurry ! int . death STAR - garbage room the wall be only foot apart . leia and han be brace against the wall . the princess be frighten . they look at each other . leia reach out and take han 's hand and she hold it tightly . she 's terrify and suddenly groan as she feel the first crush pressure against she body . han one thing 's for sure . we be all go to be a lot thin ! ( to leia ) get on top of it ! leia I be try ! int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY - service panel threepio ( to artoo ) thank goodness , they have not find they ! where could they be ? artoo frantically beep something to see-threepio . threepio use the comlink ? oh , my ! I forget I turn it off ! int . death STAR - garbage room meanwhile , luke be lie on he side , try to keep he head above the rise ooze . luke 's comlink begin to buzz and he rip it off he belt . int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY - service panel muffled sound of luke 's voice over the comlink can be hear , but not distinctly . threepio be you there , sir ? int . death STAR - garbage room luke threepio ! int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY - service panel threepio we have have some problem ... luke ( over comlink ) will you shut up and listen to I ? shut down all garbage masher on the detention level , will you ? do you copy ? int . death STAR - garbage room luke shut down all the garbage masher on the detention level . int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY - service panel luke ( over comlink ) shut down all the garbage masher on the detention level . threepio ( to artoo ) no . shut they all down ! hurry ! threepio hold he head in agony as he hear the incredible scream and holler from luke 's comlink . threepio listen to they ! they be die , artoo ! curse my metal body ! I be not fast enough . it 's all my fault ! my poor master ! luke ( over comlink ) threepio , we be all right ! int . death STAR - garbage room the scream and holler be the sound of joyous relief . the wall have stop move . han , chewie and leia embrace in the background . luke we be all right . you do great . luke move to the pressure sensitive hatch , look for a number . luke hey ... hey , open the pressure maintenance hatch on unit number ... where be we ? int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY - service panel han ( over comlink ) Three -two-six-eight-two-seven . int . death STAR - tractor beam - power generator trench Ben enter a hum service trench that power the huge tractor beam . the trench seem to be a hundred mile deep . the clack sound of huge switch device can be hear . the old jedi edge he he way along a narrow ledge lead to a control panel that connect two large cable . he carefully make several adjustment in the computer terminal , and several light on the board go from red to blue . int . death STAR - unused hallway the group exit the garbage room into a dusty , unused hallway . han and luke remove the trooper suit and strap on the blaster belt . han if we can just avoid any more female advice , we ought to be able to get out of here . luke smile and scratch he head as he take a blaster from solo . luke well , let 's get move ! chewie begin growl and point to the hatch to the garbage room , as he run away and then stop howling . han ( to chewie ) where be you go ? the dia nogu bang against the hatch and a long , slimy tentacle work its way out of the doorway search for a victim . han aim he pistol . leia no , wait . they will hear ! han fire at the doorway . the noise of the blast echoe relentlessly throughout the empty passageway . luke simply shake he head in disgust . han ( to chewie ) come here , you big coward ! chewie shake he head " no . " han chewie ! come here ! leia listen . I do not know who you be , or where you come from , but from now on , you do as I tell you . okay ? han be stunne at the command of the petite young girl . han look , you worshipfulness , let 's get one thing straight ! I take order from one person ! I ! leia it 's a wonder you be still alive . ( look at chewie ) will somebody get this big walk carpet out of my way ? han watch she start away . he look at luke . han no reward be worth this . they follow she , move swiftly down the desert corridor . int . death STAR - power trench suddenly a door behind Ben slide open and a detachment of stormtrooper march to the power trench . Ben instantly slip into the shadow as a Officer move to within a few foot of he . officer secure this area until the alert be cancel . first trooper give I regular report . all but two of the stormtrooper leave . first trooper do you know what 's go on ? second trooper maybe it 's another drill . Ben move around the tractor beam , watch the stormtrooper as they turn they back to he . Ben gesture with he hand toward they , as the troops think they hear something in the other hallway . with the help of the Force , Ben deftly slip past the trooper and into the main hallway . second trooper what be that ? first trooper oh , it 's nothing . do not worry about it . int . death STAR - hallway luke , han , chewbacca , and leia run down a empty hallway and stop before a bay window overlook the pirateship . trooper be milling about the ship . luke take out he pocket comlink . han ( look at he ship ) there she be . luke see - threepio , do you copy ? threepio ( voice ) for the moment . uh , we be in the main hangar across from the ship . luke we be right above you . stand by . han be watch the dozen or so troops move in and out of the pirateship . leia move towards han , touch he arm and point out the window to the ship . leia you come in that thing ? you be brave that I think . han Nice ! come on ! han give she a dirty look , and they start off down the hallway . they round a corner and run right into twenty Imperial stormtrooper head toward they . both group be take by surprise and stop in they track . first trooper it 's they ! blast they ! before even think , han draw he laser pistol and charge the troops , fire . his blaster knock one of the stormtrooper into the air . chewie follow he captain down the corridor , step over the fall trooper on the floor . han ( to luke and leia ) get back to the ship ! luke where be you go ? come back ! han have already round a corner and do not hear . leia he certainly have courage . luke what good will it do we if he get himself kill ? come on ! luke be furious but do not have time to think about it for mute alarm begin to go off down on the hangar deck . luke and leia start off toward the starship hangar . int . death STAR - subhallway han chase the stormtrooper down a long subhallway . he be yell and brandish he laser pistol . the troops reach a dead end and be force to turn and fight . han stop a few foot from they and assume a defensive position . the troops begin to raise they laser gun . soon all ten trooper be move into a attack position in front of the lone starpirate . han 's determine look begin to fade as the troops begin to advance . solo jump backward as they fire at he . int . death STAR - subhallway chewbacca run down the subhallway in a last-ditch attempt to save he bold captain . suddenly he hear the fire of laser gun and yell . around the corner shoot han , pirate extraordinaire , run for he life , follow by a host of furious stormtrooper . chewbacca turn and start run the other way also . int . death STAR - subhallway luke fire he laser pistol wildly as he and leia rush down a narrow subhallway , chase by several stormtrooper . they quickly reach the end of the subhallway and race through a open hatchway . int . death STAR - central core shaft luke and leia race through the hatch onto a narrow bridge that span a huge , deep shaft that seem to go into infinity . the bridge have be retract into the wall of the shaft , and luke almost rush into the abyss . he lose he balance off the end of the bridge as leia , behind he , take hold of he arm and pull he back . luke ( gasp ) I think we take a wrong turn . blast from the stormtrooper ' laser gun explode nearby remind they of the oncoming danger . luke fire back at the advance troops . leia reach over and hit a switch that pop the hatch door shut with a resounding boom , leave they precariously perch on a short piece of bridge overhang . laserfire from the trooper continue to hit the steel door . leia there 's no lock ! luke blast the control with he laser pistol . luke that oughta hold it for a while . leia Quick , we have get to get across . find the control that extend the bridge . luke oh , I think I just blast it . luke look at the blast bridge control while the stormtrooper on the opposite side of the door begin make ominous drilling and pound sound . leia they be come through ! luke notice something on he stormtrooper belt , when laserfire hit the wall behind he . luke aim he laser pistol at a stormtrooper perch on a higher bridge overhang across the abyss from they . they exchange fire . two more troops appear on another overhang , also fire . a trooper be hit , and grab at he chest . another trooper stand on the bridge overhang be hit by luke 's laserfire , and plummet down the shaft . trooper move back off the bridge ; luke hand the gun to leia . luke here , hold this . luke pull a thin nylon cable from he trooper utility belt . it have a grappler hook on it . a trooper appear on a bridge overhang and fire at luke and leia . as luke work with the rope , leia return the laser volley . another trooper appear and fire at they , as leia return he fire as well . suddenly , the hatch door begin to open , revealing the foot of more troops . leia here they come ! leia hit one of the stormtrooper on the bridge above , and he fall into the abyss . luke toss the rope across the gorge and it wrap itself around a outcropping of pipe . he tug on the rope to make sure it be secure , then grab the princess in he arm . leia look at luke , then kiss he quickly on the lip . luke be very surprised . leia for luck ! luke push off and they swing across the treacherous abyss to the corresponding hatchway on the opposite side . just as luke and leia reach the far side of the canyon , the stormtrooper break through the hatch and begin to fire at the escape duo . luke return the fire before ducking into the tiny subhallway . int . death STAR - narrow passageway Ben hide in the shadow of the narrow passageway as several stormtrooper rush past he in the main hallway . he check to make sure they be go , then run down the hallway in the opposite direction . darth vader appear at the far end of the hallway and start after the old jedi . int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY threepio look around at the troops milling about the pirateship entry ramp . threepio where could they be ? artoo , plugge into the computer socket , turn he dome leave and right , beep a response . int . death STAR - corridor - blast shield door han and chewbacca run down a long corridor with several trooper hot on they trail . trooper Close the blast door ! at the end of the hallway , blast door begin to close in front of they . the young starpilot and he furry companion race past the huge door just as they be close , and manage to get off a couple off laserblast at the pursue troops before the door slam shut . trooper open the blast door ! open the blast door ! int . death STAR - hallway leading to MAIN forward BAY Ben hurry along one of the tunnel lead to the hangar where the pirateship wait . just before he reach the hangar , darth vader step into view at the end of the tunnel , not ten foot away . vader light he saber . Ben also ignites he and step slowly forward . vader I have be wait for you , obi-wan . we meet again , at last . the circle be now complete . Ben kenobi move with elegant ease into a classical offensive position . the fearsome Dark knight take a defensive stance . vader when I leave you , I be but the learner ; now I be the master . BEN only a master of evil , darth . the two galactic warrior stand perfectly still for a few moment , size each other up and wait for the right moment . Ben seem to be under increase pressure and strain , as if a invisible weight be be place upon he . he shake he head and , blink , try to clear he eye . Ben make a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but be check by a lightning movement of the sith . a masterful slash stroke by vader be block by the old jedi . another of the jedi 's blow be block , then counter . Ben move around the Dark Lord and start back into the massive starship hangar . the two powerful warrior stand motionless for a few moment with laser sword lock in mid-air , create a low buzzing sound . vader you power be weak , old man . BEN you can not win , darth . if you strike I down , I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine . they lightsaber continue to meet in combat . int . death STAR - MAIN forward BAY han solo and chewbacca , they weapon in hand , lean back against the wall surveying the forward bay , watch the Imperial stormtrooper make they round of the hangar . han do not we just leave this party ? chewbacca growl a reply , as luke and the princess join they . han what keep you ? leia we run into some old friend . luke be the ship all right ? han seem okay , if we can get to it . just hope the old man get the tractor beam out of commission . int . death STAR - hallway vader and Ben kenobi continue they powerful duel . as they hit they lightsaber together , lightning flash on impact . trooper look on in interest as the old jedi and Dark Lord of the sith fight . suddenly luke spot the battle from he group 's vantage point . luke look ! luke , leia , han , and chewie look up and see Ben and vader emerge from the hallway on the far side of the docking bay . int . death STAR - docking BAY threepio and artoo - detoo be in the center of the death Star 's Imperial docking bay . threepio come on , artoo , we be go ! threepio duck out of sight as the seven stormtrooper who be guard the starship rush past they head towards Ben and the sith knight . he pull on artoo . int . death STAR - hallway solo , chewie , luke , and leia tensely watch the duel . the troops rush toward the battle knight . han now 's we chance ! go ! they start for the millennium falcon . Ben see the troops charge toward he and realize that he be trap . vader take advantage of Ben 's momentary distraction and bring he mighty lightsaber down on the old man . Ben manage to deflect the blow and swiftly turn around . the old jedi knight look over he shoulder at luke , lift he sword from vader 's then watch he opponent with a serene look on he face . vader bring he sword down , cut old Ben in half . Ben 's cloak fall to the floor in two part , but Ben be not in it . vader be puzzle at Ben 's disappearance and poke at the empty cloak . as the guard be distract , the adventurer and the robot reach the starship . luke see Ben cut in two and start for he . aghast , he yell out . luke no ! the stormtrooper turn toward luke and begin fire at he . the robot be already move up the ramp into the millennium falcon , while luke , transfix by anger and awe , return they fire . solo join in the laserfire . vader look up and advance toward they , as one of he trooper be strike down . han ( to luke ) come on ! leia come on ! luke , its too late ! han blast the door ! kid ! luke fire he pistol at the door control panel , and it explode . the door begin to slide shut . Three trooper charge forward fire laser bolt , as the door slide to a close behind they , shutting vader and the other troops out of the docking bay . a stormtrooper lie dead at the foot of he onrush compatriot . luke start for the advance troops , as solo and leia move up the ramp into the pirateship . he fire , hit a stormtrooper , who crumble to the floor . ben' voice run , luke ! run! luke look around to see where the voice come from . he turn toward the pirateship , ducking Imperial gunfire from the trooper and race into the ship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han pull back on the control and the ship begin to move . the dull thud of laser bolt bounce off the outside of the ship as chewie adjust he control . han I hope the old man get that tractor beam out if commission , or this be go to be a real short trip . okay , hit it ! chewbacca growl in agreement . ext . millennium falcon the millennium falcon power away from the death Star docking bay , make a spectacular turn and disappear into the vastness of space . int . millennium falcon - central hold area luke , sadden by the loss of obi-wan kenobi , stare off blankly as the robot look on . leia put a blanket around he protectively , and luke turn and look up at she . she sit down beside he . int . millennium falcon - cockpit solo spot approach enemy ship . han ( to chewie ) we be come up on the sentry ship . hold them off ! angle the deflector shield while I charge up the main gun ! int . millennium falcon - central hold area luke look downward sadly , shaking he head back and forth , as the princess smile comfortingly at he . luke I can not believe he 's go . artoo - detoo beep a reply . leia there be not anything you could have do . han rush into the hold area where luke be sit with the princess . han ( to luke ) come on , buddy , we be not out of this yet ! int . millennium falcon - gunport - cockpit solo climb into he attack position in the topside gunport . int . millennium falcon - hold area luke get up and move out toward the gunport as leia head for the cockpit . int . millennium falcon - gunport - cockpit luke climb down the ladder into the gunport cockpit , settling into one of the two main laser cannon mount in large rotate turret on either side of the ship . int . millennium falcon - solo's gunport han adjust he headset as he sit before the control of he laser cannon , then speak into the attach microphone . han ( to luke ) you in , kid ? okay , stay sharp ! int . millennium falcon - gunport - cockpit chewbacca and princess leia search the heaven for attack tie fighter . the wookiee pull back on the speed control as the ship bounce slightly . int . millennium falcon - solo's gunport - cockpit Computer graphic readout form on solo 's target screen , as han reach for control . int . millennium falcon - gunport - cockpit luke sit in readiness for the attack , he hand on the laser cannon 's control button . int . millennium falcon - cockpit . chewbacca spot the enemy ship and bark . leia ( into intercom ) here they come ! int . millennium falcon - cockpit - Pov ( point of view ) - space the Imperial tie fighter move towards the millennium falcon , one each veer off to the leave and right of the pirateship . int . tie fighter - cockpit the star whip past behind the Imperial pilot as he adjust he maneuver joy stick . ext . millennium falcon - in space the tie fighter race past the falcon , fire laser beam as it pass . int . millennium falcon - hold area threepio be seat in the hold area , next to artoo - detoo . the pirateship bounce and vibrate as the power go out in the room and then come back on . int . millennium falcon - cockpit - gunport a tie fighter maneuver in front of han , who follow it and fire at it with the laser cannon . luke do likewise , as the fighter streak into view . the ship have suffer a minor hit , and bounce slightly . ext . space two tie fighter dive down toward the pirateship . int . millennium falcon - gunport luke fire at a unseen fighter . luke they be come in too fast ! ext . space - millennium falcon / tie fighter Pan with pirateship as two tie fighter charge through the background . laserbolt streak from all the craft . int . millennium falcon - chewbacca the ship shudder as a laserbolt hit very close to the cockpit . the wookiee chatter something to leia . ext . tie fighter - space full shot of a tie fighter as it move fast through the frame , fire on the pirate starship . ext . space - tie fighter the two tie fighter fire a barrage of laserbeam at the pirateship . int . millennium falcon - MAIN passageway a laserbolt streak into the side of the pirateship . the ship lurch violently , throw poor threepio into a cabinet fill of small computer chip . threepio oooh ! int . millennium falcon - cockpit - gunport leia watch the computer readout as chewbacca manipulate the ship 's control . leia we have lose lateral control . han do not worry , she will hold together . a enemy laserbolt hit the pirateship 's control panel , cause it to blow out in a shower of spark . han ( to ship ) you hear I , baby ? hold together ! artoo - detoo advance toward the smoking sparking control panel , dousing the inferno by spraying it with fire retardant beep all the while . int . millennium falcon - gunport luke swivel in he gun mount , follow the tie fighter with he laser cannon . int . millennium falcon - gunport solo aim he laser cannon at the enemy fighter . ext . space a tie fighter streak in front of the starship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit leia watch the tie fighter ship fly over . ext . space a tie fighter head right for the pirateship , then zoom overhead . int . millennium falcon - gunport luke follow the tie fighter across he field of view , fire laserbeam from he cannon . ext . tie fighter a tie fighter dive past the pirateship . int . millennium falcon - gunport luke fire at a tie fighter . at he port , han follow a fighter in he sight , release a blast of laserfire . he connect , and the fighter explode into fiery dust . han laugh victoriously . ext . space two tie fighter move toward and over the millennium falcon , unleash a barrage of laserbolt at the ship . int . millennium falcon - gunport another tie fighter move in on the pirateship and luke , smile , fire the laser cannon at it , scoring a spectacular direct hit . luke get he ! I get he ! han turn and give luke a victory wave which luke gleefully return . han great kid ! do not get cocky . han turn back to he laser cannon . ext . space two more tie fighter cross in front of the pirateship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit while chewbacca manipulate the control , leia turn , look over she shoulder out the port . leia there be still two more of they out there ! ext . space a tie fighter move up over the pirateship , fire laserblast at it . int . millennium falcon - gunport luke and han look into they respective project target screen . a Imperial fighter cross solo 's port , and han swivel in he chair , follow it with blast from he laser cannon . another fighter cross luke 's port , and he react in a like manner , the glow of he target screen lighting he face . ext . space the tie fighter zoom toward the pirateship , fire destructive blast at it . int . millennium falcon - gunport luke fire a laserblast at the approach enemy fighter , and it burst into a spectacular explosion . luke 's project screen give a readout of the hit . the pirateship bounce slightly as it be strike by the enemy fire . ext . space - tie fighter the last of the attack Imperial tie fighter loom in , fire upon the falcon . int . millennium falcon - gunport solo swivel behind he cannon , he aim describe the arc of the tie fighter . the fighter come closer , fire at the pirateship , but a well - aim blast from solo 's laser cannon hit the attacker , which blow up in a small atomic shower of burn fragment . luke ( laugh ) that 's it ! we do it ! the princess jump up and give chewie a congratulatory hug . leia we do it ! int . millennium falcon - passageway threepio lie on the floor of the ship , completely tangle in the smoking , sparking wire . threepio help ! I think I be melting ! ( to artoo ) this be all you fault . artoo turn he dome from side to side , beep in response . ext . space - millennium falcon the victorious millennium falcon move off majestically through space . int . death STAR - control room darth vader stride into the control room , where tarkin be watch the huge view screen . a sea of star be before he . tarkin be they away ? vader they have just make the jump into hyperspace . tarkin you be sure the home beacon be secure aboard they ship ? I be take a awful risk , vader . this have better work . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han , remove he glove and smile , be at the control of the ship . chewie move into the aft section to check the damage . leia be seat near han . han not a bad bit of rescue , huh ? you know , sometimes I even amaze myself . leia that do not sound too hard . besides , they let we go . it 's the only explanation for the ease of we escape . han easy ... you call that easy ? leia they tracking we ! han not this ship , sister . frustrate , leia shake she head . leia at least the information in artoo be still intact . han what 's so important ? what 's he carry ? leia the technical readout of that battle station . I only hope that when the data be analyze , a weakness can be find . it 's not over yet ! han it be for I , sister ! look , I be not in this for you revolution , and I be not in it for you , princess . I expect to be well pay . I be in it for the money ! leia you need not worry about you reward . if money be all that you love , then that 's what you will receive ! she angrily turn , and as she start out of the cockpit , pass luke come in . leia you friend be quite a mercenary . I wonder if he really care about anything ... or anyone . luke I care ! luke , shaking he head , sit in the copilot seat . he and han stare out at the vast blackness of space . luke so ... what do you think of she , han ? han I be try not to , kid ! luke ( under he breath ) good ... han still , she 's get a lot of spirit . I do not know , what do you think ? do you think a princess and a guy like I ... luke no ! luke say it with finality and look away . han smile at young luke 's jealousy . ext . space around FOURTH moon of yavin the batter pirateship drift into orbit around the planet yavin and proceed to one of its tiny green moon . ext . FOURTH moon of yavin the pirateship soar over the dense jungle . ext . massassi outpost a alert guard , he laser gun in hand , scan the countryside . he set the gun down and look toward the temple , barely visible in the foliage . ext . massassi outpost - jungle temple rotting in a forest of gargantuan tree , a ancient temple lie shroud in a eerie mist . the air be heavy with the fantastic cry of unimaginable creature . han , luke and the other be greet by the rebel troops . luke and the group ride into the massive temple on a armored military speeder . int . massassi - MAIN hangar deck the military speeder stop in a huge spaceship hangar , set up in the interior of the crumble temple . willard , the commander of the rebel force , rush up to the group and give leia a big hug . every one be pleased to see she . willard ( hold leia ) you be safe ! we have fear the worst . willard compose himself , step back and bow formally . willard when we hear about alderaan , we be afraid that you be ... lose along with you father . leia we do not have time for we sorrow , Commander . the battle station have surely track we here . ( look pointedly to han ) it 's the only explanation for the ease of we escape . you must use the information in this r2 unit to plan the attack . it be we only hope . ext . space the surface of the death Star ominously approach the red planet yavin . int . death STAR - control room Grand moff tarkin and Lord vader be interrupt in they discussion by the buzz of the comlink . tarkin move to answer the call . tarkin yes . death STAR intercom voice we be approach the planet yavin . the rebel base be on a moon on the far side . we be prepare to orbit the planet . ext . yavin - jungle a lone guard stand in a tower high above the yavin landscape , surveying the countryside . a mist hang over the jungle of twisted green . int . massassi - war room briefing area dodonna stand before a large electronic wall display . leia and several other senator be to one side of the giant readout . the low - ceiling room be fill with starpilot , navigator , and a sprinkle of r2 - type robot . everyone be listen intently to what dodonna be say . han and chewbacca be stand near the back . dodonna the battle station be heavily shield and carry a firepower great than half the star fleet . it 's defense be design around a direct large - scale assault . a small one - man fighter should be able to penetrate the outer defense . gold leader , a rough look man in he early thirty , stand and address dodonna . gold leader pardon I for ask , sir , but what good be snub fighter go to be against that ? dodonna well , the Empire do not consider a small one - man fighter to be any threat , or they would have a tighter defense . a analysis of the plan provide by princess leia have demonstrate a weakness in the battle station . artoo - detoo stand next to a similar robot , make beep sound , and turn he head from right to leave . dodonna the approach will not be easy . you be require to maneuver straight down this trench and skim the surface to this point . the target area be only two meter wide . it 's a small thermal exhaust port , right below the main port . the shaft lead directly to the reactor system . a precise hit will start a chain reaction which should destroy the station . a murmer of disbelief run through the room . dodonna only a precise hit will set up a chain reaction . the shaft be ray - shield , so you will have to use proton torpedoe . luke be sit next to wedge antilles , a hotshot pilot about sixteen year old . wedge that 's impossible , even for a computer . luke it 's not impossible . I use to bull 's - eye womp rat in my t-sixteen back home . they be not much bigger than two meter . dodonna man you ship ! and may the Force be with you ! the group rise and begin to leave . ext . space the death Star begin to move around the planet toward the tiny green moon . int . death STAR tarkin and vader watch the computer project screen with interest , as a circle of light intertwine around one another on the screen show it 's position in relation to yavin and the forth moon . death STAR intercom voice orbite the planet at maximum velocity . the moon with the rebel base will be in range in thirty minute . vader this will be a day long remember . it have see the end of kenobi and it will soon see the end of the Rebellion . int . massassi outpost - MAIN hangar deck luke , threepio and little artoo enter the huge spaceship hangar and hurry along a long line of gleam spacefighter . Flight crew rush around load last- minute armament and unlock power coupling . in a area isolate from this activity luke find han and chewbacca load small box onto a armored speeder . man' voice ( over loudspeaker ) all flight trooper , man you station . all flight troops , man you station . han be deliberately ignore the activity of the fighter pilot ' preparation . luke be quite sadden at the sight of he friend 's departure . luke so ... you get you reward and you be just leave then ? han that 's right , yeah ! I get some old debt I have get to pay off with this stuff . even if I do not , you do not think I would be fool enough to stick around here , do you ? why do not you come with we ? you be pretty good in a fight . I could use you . luke ( get angry ) come on ! why do not you take a look around ? you know what 's about to happen , what they be up against . they could use a good pilot like you . you be turn you back on they . han what good 's a reward if you be not around to use it ? besides , attack that battle station be not my idea of courage . it 's more like suicide . luke all right . well , take care of yourself , han . I guess that 's what you be best at , be not it ? luke go off and han hesitates , then call to he . han hey , luke ... may the Force be with you ! luke turn and see han wink at he . luke lift he hand in a small wave and then go off . han turn to chewie who growl at he captain , han what be you lookin ' at ? I know what I be do . int . MAIN hangar deck - luke's ship luke , leia , and dodonna meet under a huge space fighter . leia what 's wrong ? luke oh , it 's han ! I do not know , I really think he would change he mind . leia he 's get to follow he own path . no one can choose it for he . luke I only wish Ben be here . leia give luke a little kiss , turn , and go off . as luke head for he ship , another pilot rush up to he and grab he arm . bigg luke ! I do not believe it ! how would you get here ... be you go out with we ?! luke bigg ! of course , I will be up there with you ! listen , have I get some storey to tell ... Red leader , a rugge handsome man in he forty , come up behind luke and bigg . he have the confident smile of a bear leader . red leader be you ... luke skywalker ? have you be check out on the incom t-sixty - five ? bigg Sir , luke be the best bushpilot in the outer rim territory . Red leader pat luke on the back as they stop in front of he fighter . red leader I meet you father once when I be just a boy , he be a great pilot . you will do all right . if you have get half of you father 's skill , you will do better than all right . luke thank you , sir . I will try . Red leader hurry to he own ship . bigg I have get to get aboard . listen , you will tell I you storey when we come back . all right ? luke I tell you I would make it someday , bigg . bigg ( go off ) you do , all right . it 's go to be like old time , luke . we be a couple of shoot star that will never be stop ! luke laugh and shake he head in agreement . he head for he ship . as luke begin to climb up the ladder into he sleek , deadly spaceship , the crew chief , who be work on the craft , point to little artoo , who be be hoist into a socket on the back of the fighter . chief this r2 unit of you seem a bit beat up . do you want a new one ? luke not on you life ! that little droid and I have be through a lot together . ( to artoo ) you okay , artoo ? the crewmen lower artoo - detoo into the craft . now a part of the exterior shell of the starship , the little droid beep that he be fine . luke climb up into the cockpit of he fighter and put a he helmet . threepio look on from the floor of the massive hangar as the crewmen secure he little electronic partner into luke 's X -wing . it 's a emotional - fill moment as artoo beep good - bye . chief okay , easy she go ! threepio hang on tight , artoo , you have get to come back . artoo beep in agreement . threepio you would not want my life to get boring , would you ? artoo whistle he reply . all final preparation be make for the approach battle . the hangar be buzzing with the last minute activity as the pilot and crewmen alike make they final adjustment . the hum of activity be occasionally trespasp by the distort voice of the loudspeaker issue command . couple hose be disconnect from the ship as they be fuel . cockpit shield roll smoothly into place over each pilot . a signalman , hold red guide light , direct the ship . luke , a trace of a smile grace he lip , peer about through he goggle . ben' voice luke , the Force will be with you . luke be confuse at the voice and tap he headphone . ext . massassi outpost - jungle all that can be see of the fortress be a lone guard stand on a small pedestal jutting out above the dense jungle . the mute gruesome cry sound that naturally permeate this eerie purgatory be overwhelm by the thunder din of ion rocket as four silver starship catapult from the foliage in a tight formation and disappear into the morning cloud cover . int . massassi outpost - war room the princess , threepio , and a field commander sit quietly before the giant display show the planet yavin and its four moon . the red dot that represent the death Star move ever closer to the system . a series of green dot appear around the fourth moon . a din of indistinct chatter fill the war room . massassi intercom voice stand - by alert . death Star approach . estimate time to fire range , fifteen minute . ext . space the death Star slowly move behind the massive yellow surface of yavin in the foreground , as many X -wing fighter fly in formation zoom toward we and out of the frame . ext . space - another angle Light from a distant sun create a eerie atmospheric glow around a huge planet , yavin . rebel fighter fly in formation settle ominously in the foreground and very slowly pull away . int . red leader starship - cockpit Red leader lower he visor and adjust he gun sight , look to each side at he wing man . red leader all wing report in . int . another cockpit one of the rebel fighter check in through he mike . red ten Red ten stand by . int . bigg ' cockpit bigg check he fighter 's control , alert and ready for combat . red seven ( over bigg ' headset ) Red Seven stand by . bigg Red Three stand by . int . porkin ' cockpit porkin Red six stand by . red nine ( over headset ) Red nine stand by . int . wedge's fighter - cockpit wedge Red two stand by . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit red eleven ( over headset ) Red eleven stand by . luke Red five stand by . ext . luke's x- wing fighter artoo - detoo , in position outside of the fighter , turn he head from side to side and make beep sound . int . red leader' fighter - cockpit red leader lock s-foil in attack position . ext . space the group of x-w fighter move in formation toward the death Star , unfold the wing and lock they in the " X " position . int . bigg ' cockpit read leader ( over headset ) we be pass through they magnetic field . int . red leader' cockpit red leader hold tight ! int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke adjust he control as he concentrate on the approach death Star . the ship begin to be buffete slightly . red leader ( over headset ) switch you deflector on . int . another cockpit red leader ( over headset ) double front ! ext . space the fighter , now X -shape dart , move in formation . the death Star now appear to be a small moon grow rapidly in size as the rebel fighter approach . complex pattern on the metallic surface begin to become visible . a large dish antenna be build into the surface on one side . int . wedge's cockpit wedge be amaze and slightly frighten at the awesome spectacle . wedge look at the size of that thing ! red leader ( over headset ) cut the chatter , Red two . int . red leader' cockpit red leader accelerate to attack speed . this be it , boy ! ext . space as the fighter move closer to the death Star , the awesome size of the gargantuan Imperial fortress be reveal . half of the deadly space station be in shadow and this area sparkles with thousand of small light run in thin line and occasionally group in large cluster ; somewhat like a city at night as see from a weather satellite . int . gold leader' cockpit gold leader Red leader , this be gold leader . red leader ( over headset ) I copy , gold leader . gold leader we be start for the target shaft now . int . red leader' cockpit Red leader look around at he wingment ; the death Star loom in from behind . two y-wing fighter bob back and forth in the background . he move he computer target device into position . red leader we be in position . I be go to cut across the axis and try and draw they fire . ext . space two squad of rebel fighter peel off . the x-wing dive towards the death Star surface . a thousand light glow across the dark grey expanse of the huge station . int . death STAR alarm siren scream as soldier scramble to large turbo - power laser gun emplacement . Electronic driver rotate the huge gun into position as crew adjust they target device . ext . space around the death STAR laserbolt streak through the star-filled night . the rebel X - wing fighter move in toward the Imperial base , as the death Star aim its massive laser gun at the rebel force and fire . int . massassi outpost - war room princess leia listen to the battle over the intercom . threepio be at she side . wedge ( over war room speaker system ) heavy fire , boss ! twenty -degree . red leader ( over speaker ) I see it . stay low . ext . space a x-w zoom across the surface of the death Star . int . death STAR technical crew scurry here and there load last - minute armament and unlock power cable . int . wedge's cockpit wedge maneuver he fighter toward the menace death Star . ext . space x-wing continue in they attack course on the death Star . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke nosedive radically , start he attack on the monstrous fortress . the death Star surface streak past the cockpit window . luke this be Red five ; I be go in ! ext . space luke 's x-w race toward the death Star . laserbolt streak from luke 's weapon , create a huge fireball explosion on the dim surface . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit terror cross luke 's face as he realize he will not be able to pull out in time to avoid the fireball . bigg ( over headset ) luke , pull up ! ext . surface of death STAR luke 's ship emerge from the fireball , with the lead edge of he wing slightly scorched . int . bigg ' cockpit bigg be you all right ? int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke adjust he control and breathes a sigh of relief . flak burst outside the cockpit window . luke I get a little cook , but I be okay . ext . surface of the death STAR rebel fighter continue to strafe the death Star 's surface with laserbolt . int . death STAR wall buckle and cave in . troops and equipment be blow in all direction . stormtrooper stagger out of the rubble . stand in the middle of the chaos , a vision of calm and forebode , be darth vader . one of he astro- officer rush up to he . astro -officer we count thirty rebel ship , Lord vader . but they be so small they be evade we turbo-laser ! vader we will have to destroy they ship to ship . get the crew to they fighter . int . death STAR smoke belch from the giant laser gun as they wind up they turbine generator to create sufficient power . the crew rush about prepare for another blast . even the trooper head gear be not adequate to protect they from the overwhelming noise of the monstrous weapon . one trooper bang he helmet with he hand in a attempt to stop the ringing . int . read leader be x- wing fighter - cockpit - traveling Red leader fly through a heavy hail of flak . red leader luke , let I know when you be go in . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit - traveling the Red leader 's x-w fly past luke as he put he nose down and start he attack dive . luke I be on my way in now ... red leader watch yourself ! there 's a lot of fire come from the right side of that deflection tower . luke I be on it . ext . surface of the death STAR luke fling he x-w into a twist dive across the horizon and down onto the dim grey surface . ext . luke's x- wing traveling a shot hurl from luke 's gun . laserbolt streak toward the onrush death Star surface . several small radar emplacement erupt in flame . laserfire erupt from a protrude tower on the surface . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit - traveling the blurry death Star surface race past the cockpit window as a big smile sweep across luke 's face at the success of he run . flak thunder on all side of he . ext . surface of the death STAR the death Star superstructure race past luke as he maneuver he craft through a wall of laserfire and peel away from the surface towards the heaven . int . death STAR the thunder and smoke of the big gun reverberate throughout the massive structure . many soldier rush about in the smoke and chaos , silhouett by the almost continual flash of explosion . int . bigg ' cockpit - traveling bigg dive through a forest of radar dome , antennae , and gun tower as he shoot low across the death Star surface . a dense barrage of laserfire streak by on all side . int . death STAR Imperial star pilot dash in unison to a line of small auxiliary hatches that lead to Imperial tie fighter . int . massassi outpost - war room princess leia , surround by she general and aide , pace nervously before a light computer table . on all side technician work in front of many light glass wall . dodonna watch quietly from one corner . one of the officer work over a screen speak into he headset . control officer squad leader , we have pick up a new group of signal . enemy fighter come you way . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit - traveling luke look around to see if he can spot the approach Imperial fighter . luke my scope 's negative . I do not see anything . int . red leader be x- wing - cockpit - traveling the death Star 's surface sweep past as Red leader search the sky for the Imperial fighter . flak pound at he ship . red leader keep up you visual scan . with all this jam , they will be on top of you before you scope can pick they up . ext . surface of the death STAR silhouett against the rim light of the death Star horizon , four ferocious Imperial tie ship dive on the rebel fighter . two of the tie fighter peel off and drop out of frame . Pan with the remain two tie ship . int . bigg ' cockpit - traveling bigg panic when he discover a tie ship on he tail . the horizon in the background twist around as he peel off , hope to lose the Imperial fighter . int . red leader' cockpit red leader bigg ! you have pick one up ... watch it ! bigg I can not see it ! where be he ?! ext . space around the death STAR bigg zoom off the surface and into space , closely follow by a Imperial tie fighter . the tie ship fire several laserbolt at bigg , but miss . int . bigg ' cockpit - traveling bigg see the tie ship behind he and swing around , try to avoid he . bigg he 's on I tight , I can not shake he ... I can not shake he . ext . space around the death STAR bigg , fly at high altitude , peel off and dive toward the death Star surface , but he be unable to lose the tie fighter , who stick close to he tail . int . x- wing fighter - cockpit - traveling luke be fly upside down . he rotate he ship around to normal attitude as he come out of he dive . luke hang on , bigg , I be come in . ext . space around the death STAR bigg and the tailing tie ship dive for the surface , now follow by a fast - gain luke . after bigg dive out of sight , luke chase the Imperial fighter . ext . surface around the death STAR in the foreground , the Imperial fighter race across the death Star 's surface , closely follow by luke in the background . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit - traveling there be a shot from luke 's X -wing of the tie ship explode in a mass of flame . luke get he ! int . death STAR darth vader stride purposefully down a death Star corridor , flanke by Imperial stormtrooper . vader several fighter have break off from the main group . come with I ! int . massassi outpost - war room a concerned princess leia , threepio , dodonna , and other officer of the Rebellion stand around the huge round readout screen , listen to the ship-to-ship communication on the room 's loudspeaker . bigg ( over speaker ) pull in ! luke ... pull in ! wedge ( over speaker ) watch you back , luke ! int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit wedge ( over headset ) watch you back ! fighter 's above you , come in ! ext . space luke 's ship soar away from the death Star 's surface as he spot the tailing tie fighter . int . tie fighter's cockpit the tie pilot take aim at luke 's x-w . ext . space the Imperial tie fighter pilot score a hit on luke 's ship . Fire break out on the right side of the x-w . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look out of he cockpit at the flame on he ship . luke I be hit , but not bad . ext . luke's x- wing fighter smoke pour out from behind artoo-detoo . luke's voice artoo , see what you can do with it . hang on back there . Green laserfire move past the beep little robot as he head turn . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke nervously work he control . red leader ( over headset ) Red six ... int . massassi outpost - war room in the war room , leia stand freeze as she listen and worry about luke . red leader ( over speaker ) can you see Red five ? red ten ( over speaker ) there 's a heavy fire zone on this side . Red five , where be you ? int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke spot the tie fighter behind he and soar away from the death Star surface . luke I can not shake he ! ext . surface of the death STAR luke 's ship soar closer to the surface of the death Star , a Imperial tie fighter close in on he in hot pursuit . int . wedge's cockpit the death Star whip below wedge . wedge I be on he , luke ! int . luke's x- wing - cockpit wedge ( over headset ) hold on ! ext . surface of the death STAR wedge dive across the horizon toward luke and the tie fighter . int . wedge's cockpit wedge move he x-w in rapidly . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke react frantically . luke blast it ! wedge where be you ? int . tie fighter - cockpit the fighter pilot watch wedge 's X -wing approach . another X - wing join he , and both unleash a volley of laserfire on the Imperial fighter . ext . space the tie fighter explode , fill the screen with white light . luke 's ship can be see far in the distance . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke look about in relief . luke thanks , wedge . int . massassi outpost - war room leia , threepio , dodonna and other rebel officer be listen to the rebel fighter 's radio transmission over the war room intercom . bigg ( over speaker ) good shoot , wedge ! gold leader ( over speaker ) Red leader ... int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader peel off and start toward the long trenches at the death Star surface pole . gold leader this be gold leader . we be start out attack run . ext . space around the death STAR Three y-wing fighter of the gold group dive out of the star toward the death Star surface . int . massassi outpost - war room leia and the other be group around the screen , as technician move about attend to they duty . red leader ( over speaker ) I copy , gold leader . move into position . ext . space around the death STAR Three Imperial tie ship in precise formation dive toward the death Star surface . int . darth vader' cockpit darth vader calmly adjust he control stick as the star whip past in the window above he head . vader stay in attack formation ! int . massassi outpost - war room technician be seat at the computer readout table . gold leader ( over speaker ) the exhaust post be ... int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader ... mark and lock in ! ext . space around the death STAR gold leader approach the surface and pull out to skim the surface of the huge station . the ship move into a deep trench , fire laserbolt . the surface streak past as laserfire be return by the death Star . int . gold five's y- wing - cockpit - traveling gold five be a pilot in he early fifty with a very batter helmet that look like it 's be through many battle . he look around to see if enemy ship be near . his fighter be buffete by Imperial flak . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader race down the enormous trench that lead to the exhaust port . laserbolt blast toward he in increase number , occasionally explode near the ship cause it to bounce about . gold leader switch power to front deflector screen . ext . surface of the death STAR Three y-wing skim the death Star surface deep in the trench , as laserbolt streak past on all side . ext . death STAR surface - gun emplacement a exterior surface gun blaze away at the oncoming rebel fighter . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader how many gun do you think , gold five . int . massassi outpost - war room gold five ( over speaker ) I would say about twenty gun . some on the surface , some on the tower . leia , threepio , and the technician view the project target screen , as red and blue target light glow . the red target near the center blink on and off . massassi intercom voice ( over speaker ) death Star will be in range in five minute . ext . surface of the death STAR the three y-wing fighter race toward camera and zoom overhead through a hail of laserfire . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader pull he computer target device down in front of he eye . laserbolt continue to batter the rebel craft . gold leader switch to target computer . int . gold two's y- wing - cockpit gold two , a young pilot about luke 's age , pull down he target eye viewer and adjust it . his ship shudder under intense laser barrage . gold two Computer 's lock . get a signal . as the fighter begin to approach the target area , suddenly all the laserfire stop . a eerie clam cling over the trench as the surface whip past in a blur . gold two the gun ... they have stop ! ext . gold five's cockpit gold five look behind he . gold five stabilize you read deflector . watch for enemy fighter . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader they have come in ! Three mark at two ten . ext . space around the death STAR Three Imperial tie ship , darth vader in the center flanke by two wingment , dive in precise formation almost vertically toward the death Star surface . int . darth vader' cockpit darth vader calmly adjust he control stick as the star zoom by . vader I will take they myself ! cover I ! wingman' voice ( over speaker ) yes , sir . ext . space around the death STAR Three tie fighter zoom across the surface of the death Star . int . darth vader' cockpit vader line up gold two in he target computer . vader 's hand grip the control stick as he press the button . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit the cockpit explode around gold two . his head fall forward . ext . space around the death STAR as gold two 's ship explode , debris be flung out into space . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader look over he shoulder at the scene . ext . death STAR trench the three tie fighter race along in the trench in a tight formation . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader panic . gold leader ( into mike ) I can not maneuver ! int . gold five's y- wing - cockpit gold five , the old veteran , trys to calm gold leader . gold five stay on target . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit the death Star race by outside the cockpit window as he adjust he target device . gold leader we be too close . int . gold five's y- wing - cockpit the older pilot remain calm . gold five stay on target ! int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit now he 's really panicked . gold leader loosen up ! int . darth vader' cockpit vader calmly adjust he target computer and push the fire button . int . gold leader be y- wing - cockpit gold leader 's ship be hit by vader 's laser . ext . surface of the death STAR gold leader explode in a ball of flame , throw debris in all direction . int . gold five's y- wing - cockpit gold five move in on the exhaust port . gold five gold five to Red leader ... int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look over he shoulder at the action outside of he cockpit . gold five ( over headset ) lose tiree , lose dutch . int . red leader' cockpit red leader I copy , gold five . int . gold five's y- wing - cockpit gold five they come from behind ... ext . surface of the death STAR one of the engine explode on gold five 's y-wing fighter , blaze out of control . he dive past the horizon toward the death Star 's surface , pass a tie fighter during he descent . gold five , a veteran of countless campaign , spin toward he death . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look nervously about he at the explosive battle . int . death STAR - control room grant moff tarkin and a Chief Officer stand in the death Star 's control room . officer we have analyze they attack , sir , and there be a danger . should I have you ship stand by ? tarkin evacuate ? in out moment of triumph ? I think you overestimate they chance ! tarkin turn to the computer readout screen . flame move around the green disk at the center of the screen , as number read across the bottom . voice ( over speaker ) rebel base , three minute and close . int . read leader' cockpit Red leader look over at he wingment . red leader Red Group , this be Red leader . int . massassi outpost - war room dodonna move to the intercom as he fiddle with the computer key . red leader ( over speaker ) rendezvous at mark six point one . wedge ( over speaker ) this be Red two . Flying toward you . bigg ( over speaker ) Red Three , stand by . int . red leader' cockpit dodonna ( over headset ) Red leader , this be base one . keep half you group out of range for the next run . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit red leader' voice ( over headset ) copy , base one. luke , take Red two and Three . hold up here and wait for my signal ... to start you run . luke nod he head . ext . space around the death STAR the x-w fighter of luke , bigg , and wedge fly in formation high above the death Star 's surface . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke peer out from he cockpit . ext . surface of the death STAR two x-wing move across the surface of the death Star . Red leader 's x-w drop down to the surface lead to the exhaust port . int . red leader' cockpit Red leader look around to watch for the tie fighter . he begin to perspire . red leader this be it ! ext . space Red leader roam down the trench of the death Star as laser streak across the black heaven . ext . death STAR surface - gun emplacement a huge remote- control laser cannon fire at the approach rebel fighter . ext . death STAR trench the rebel fighter evade the Imperial laser blast . int . red ten's cockpit Red ten look around for the Imperial fighter . red ten we should be able to see it by now . ext . death STAR trench from the cockpit of the rebel pilot , the surface of the death Star streak by , with Imperial laserfire shoot toward they . int . red leader' cockpit red leader keep you eye open for that fighter ! int . red ten's cockpit red ten there 's too much interference ! ext . space - death STAR trench Three x-w fighter move in formation down the death Star trench . red ten's voice Red five , can you see they from where you be ? int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look down at the death Star surface below . luke no sign of any ... wait ! int . red ten's cockpit Red ten look up and see the Imperial fighter . luke ( over headset ) come in point three five . red ten I see they . ext . surface of the death STAR Three tie fighter , vader flanke by two wingment , dive in a tight formation . the sun reflect off they dominate solar fin as they loop toward the death Star 's surface . int . red leader' cockpit Red leader pull he target device in front of he eye and make several adjustment . red leader I be in range . ext . surface of the death STAR Red leader 's x-w move up the death Star trench . int . red leader' cockpit red leader target 's come up ! Red leader look at he computer target readout screen . he then look into he target device . red leader just hold they off for a few second . int . darth vader' cockpit vader adjust he control lever and dive on the x-w fighter . vader Close up formation . ext . death STAR trench the three tie fighter move in formation across the death Star surface . int . red leader' cockpit Red leader line up he target on the target device cross hair . ext . surface of the death STAR vader and he wingment zoom down the trench . int . darth vader' cockpit vader rapidly approach the two x-wing of Red ten and Red twelve . vader 's laser cannon flash below the view of the front porthole . the x-wing show in the center of vader 's computer screen . ext . space Red twelve 's x-w fighter be hit by vader 's laserfire , and it explode into flame against the trench . int . red ten's cockpit Red ten work at he control furiously , try to avoid vader 's fighter behind he . red ten : you would better let she loose . int . red leader' cockpit Red leader be concentrate on he target device . red leader almost there ! int . red ten's cockpit . Red ten panic . red ten I can not hold they ! ext . surface of the death STAR vader and he wingment whip through the trench in pursuit of the rebel fighter . int . darth vader' cockpit vader cooly push the fire button on he control stick . int . red ten's cockpit darth vader 's well - aim laserfire prove to be unavoidable , and strike Red ten 's ship . Red ten scream in anguish and pain . ext . space around the death STAR Red ten 's ship explode and burst into flame . int . red leader' cockpit grimly , Red leader take careful aim and watch he computer target device , which show the target line up in the cross hair , and fire . int . red leader' cockpit red leader it 's away ! int . death STAR a armed Imperial stormtrooper be knock to the floor from the attack explosion . other trooper scurrying about the corridor be knock against the wall and lose they balance . int . massassi outpost - war room leia and the other stare at the computer screen . red nine's voice ( over speaker ) it 's a hit ! red leader ( over speaker ) negative . int . red leader' cockpit Red leader look back at the recede death Star . tiny explosion be visible in the distance . red leader negative ! it do not go in . it just impact on the surface . ext . space around the death STAR - tie fighter darth vader peel off in pursuit as Red leader 's X -wing pass the death Star horizon . int . darth vader' cockpit vader swing he ship around for the next kill . int . red leader' cockpit luke ( over headset ) Red leader , we be right above you . turn to point ... int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke try to spot Red leader . he look down at the death Star surface . luke ... oh - five ; we will cover for you . red leader ( over headset ) stay there ... int . red leader' cockpit a wary Red leader look about nervously . red leader ... I just lose my starboard engine . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look excitedly toward Red leader 's x-w . red leader ( over headset ) get set to make you attack run . int . darth vader' cockpit vader 's glove hand make contact with the control stick , and he press they fire button . int . red leader' cockpit Red leader fight to gain control of he ship . ext . space around the death STAR laserbolt be flung from vader 's tie fighter , connect with Red leader 's rebel x-w fighter . Red leader busy it , create a tremendous explosion far below . he scream and be destroy . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look out the window of he x-w at the explosion far below . for the first time , he feel the helplessness of he situation . int . death STAR Grand moff tarkin cast a sinister eye at the computer screen . death STAR intercom voice rebel base , one minute and close . int . massassi outpost - war room dodonna and princess leia , with threepio beside they , listen intently to the talk between the pilot . the room be grim after Red leader 's death . princess leia nervously pace the room . luke ( over speaker ) bigg , wedge , let 's close it up . we be go in . we be go in full throttle . int . wedge's cockpit the horizon twist as wedge begin to pull out . wedge right with you , boss . ext . space around the death STAR the two x-wing peel off against a background of star and dive toward the death Star . int . bigg ' cockpit bigg luke , at that speed will you be able to pull out in time ? int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke it will be just like beggar 's Canyon back home . ext . space around the death STAR the three x-wing move in , unleash a barrage of laserfire . laserbolt be return from the death Star . int . bigg ' cockpit luke 's lifelong friend struggle with he control . bigg we will stay back far enough to cover you . int . luke's cockpit flak and laserbolt flash outside luke 's cockpit window . wedge ( over headset ) my scope show the tower , but I can not see the exhaust port ! be you sure the computer can hit it ? ext . death STAR - gun emplacement the death Star laser cannon slowly rotate as it shoot laserbolt . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look around for the Imperial tie fighter . he think for a moment and then move he target device into position . luke watch yourself ! increase speed full throttle ! int . wedge's cockpit wedge look excitedly about for any sign of the tie fighter . wedge what about the tower ? int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke you worry about that fighter ! I will worry about the tower ! ext . death STAR surface luke 's x-w streak through the trench , fire laser . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke break into a nervous sweat as the laserfire be return , knick one of he wing close to the engine . luke ( to artoo ) artoo ... that , that stabilizer 's break loose again ! see if you can not lock it down ! ext . luke's x- wing fighter artoo work to repair the damage . the canyon wall rush by in the background , make he delicate task seem even more precarious . ext . death STAR two laser cannon be fire on the rebel fighter . int . wedge's cockpit wedge look up and see the tie ship . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke 's target device mark off the distance to the target . ext . space around the death STAR vader and he wingment zoom closer . int . darth vader' cockpit vader adjust he control and fire laserbolt at two X - wing fly down the trench . he score a direct hit on wedge . int . massassi outpost - war room leia and the other be group around the computer board . wedge ( over speaker ) I be hit ! I can not stay with you . luke ( over speaker ) get clear , wedge . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke you can not do any more good back there ! int . wedge's cockpit wedge sorry ! ext . space around the death STAR wedge pull he crippled X - wing back away from the battle . int . darth vader' cockpit vader watch the escape but issue a command to he wingment . vader let he go ! stay on the leader ! ext . space around the death STAR luke 's x-w speed down the trench ; the three tie fighter , still in perfect unbroken formation , tail close behind . int . bigg ' cockpit bigg look around at the tie fighter . he be worried . bigg hurry , luke , they be come in much faster this time . I can not hold they ! ext . space around the death STAR the three tie fighter move ever closer , close in on luke and bigg . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look back anxiously at little artoo . luke artoo , try and increase the power ! ext . luke's x- wing fighter ignoring the bumpy ride , flak , and laser , a beep artoo - detoo struggle to increase the power , he dome turn from side to side . ext . space around the death STAR stealthily , the tie formation creep closer . int . darth vader' cockpit vader adjust he control stick . int . bigg ' cockpit bigg look around at the tie fighter . int . luke's x- wing fighter luke look into he target device . he move it away for a moment and ponder its use . he look back into the computer targeter . bigg ( over headset ) hurry up , luke ! ext . space around the death STAR vader and he wingment race through the death Star trench . bigg move in to cover for luke , but vader gain on he . int . bigg ' cockpit bigg see the tie fighter aim at he . bigg wait ! int . darth vader' cockpit vader squeeze the fire button on he control . int . bigg ' cockpit bigg ' cockpit explode around he , lighting he in red . ext . surface of the death STAR bigg ' ship burst into a million flame bit and scatter across the surface . int . massassi outpost - war room leia and the other stare at the computer board . int . luke's x- wing cockpit luke be stunne by bigg ' death . his eye be water , but he anger be also grow . int . death STAR - control room Grand moff tarkin watch the project target screen with satisfaction . death STAR intercom voice rebel base , thirty second and close . int . darth vader' cockpit vader take aim on luke and talk to the wingment . vader I be on the leader . ext . surface of the death STAR - luke's ship luke 's ship streak through the trench of the death Star . int . massassi outpost - war room princess leia return she general 's worried and doubtful glance with solid , grim determination . threepio seem nervous . threepio hang on , artoo ! int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke concentrate on he target device . ext . surface of the death STAR Three tie fighter charge away down the trench toward luke . int . darth vader' cockpit vader 's finger 's curl around the control stick . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke adjust the lens of he target device . ext . surface of the death STAR luke 's ship charge down the trench . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke line up the yellow cross-hair line of the target device 's screen . he look into the target device , then start at a voice he hear . ben' voice use the Force , luke . ext . surface of the death STAR the death Star trench zoom by . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke look up , then start to look back into the target device . he have second thought . ben' voice let go , luke . a grim determination sweep across luke 's face as he close he eye and start to mumble Ben 's training to himself . ext . surface of the death STAR luke 's fighter streak through the trench . int . darth vader' cockpit vader the Force be strong with this one ! ext . surface of the death STAR vader follow luke 's x- wing down the trench . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke look to the target device , then away as he hear Ben 's voice . ben' voice luke , trust I . luke 's hand reach for the control panel and press the button . the target device move away . int . massassi outpost - war room leia and the other stand watch the project screen . base voice ( over speaker ) his computer 's off . luke , you switch off you target computer . what 's wrong ? luke ( over speaker ) nothing . I be all right . ext . surface of the death STAR luke 's ship streak ever close to the exhaust port . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke look at the death Star surface streaking by . ext . luke's x- wing fighter artoo - detoo turn he head from side to side , beep in anticipation . ext . surface of the death STAR the three tie fighter , manned by vader and he two wingment , follow luke 's X - wing down the trench . int . darth vader' cockpit vader maneuver he control as he look at he doom target . he press the fire button on he control stick . laserfire shoot toward luke 's x-w fighter . ext . luke's x- wing fighter a large burst of vader 's laserfire engulf artoo . the arm go limp on the smoking little droid as he make a high - pitch sound . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look frantically back over he shoulder at artoo . ext . luke's x- wing fighter smoke billow out around little artoo and spark begin to fly . luke I have lose artoo ! artoo 's beep sound die out . int . massassi outpost - war room leia and the other stare intently at the project screen , while threepio watch the princess . light represent the death Star and target glow brightly . massassi intercom voice the death Star have clear the planet . the death Star have clear the planet . int . death STAR - control room tarkin glare at the project target screen . death STAR intercom voice rebel base , in range . tarkin you may fire when ready . death STAR intercom voice commence primary ignition . a officer reach up and push button on the control panel , as green light button turn to red . ext . surface of the death STAR the three tie fighter zoom down the death Star trench in pursuit of luke , never break formation . int . luke's cockpit luke look anxiously at the exhaust port . int . darth vader' cockpit vader adjust he control stick , check he project target screen . ext . surface of the death STAR luke 's ship barrel down the trench . int . darth vader' cockpit vader 's target computer swing around into position . vader take careful aim on luke 's X - wing fighter . vader I have you now . he push the fire button . ext . surface of the death STAR the three tie fighter move in on luke . as vader 's center fighter unleash a volley of laserfire , one of the tie ship at he side be hit and explode into flame . the two remain ship continue to move in . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look about , wonder whose laserfire destroy vader 's wingman . int . darth vader' cockpit vader be take by surprise , and look out from he cockpit . vader what ? int . darth vader' wingman - cockpit vader 's wingman search around he try to locate the unknown attacker . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han and chewbacca grin from ear to ear . han ( yell ) Yahoo ! ext . space around the death STAR the millennium falcon head right at the two tie fighter . it 's a collision course . int . wingman' cockpit the wingman spot the pirateship come at he and warn the Dark Lord . wingman look out ! ext . death STAR trench vader 's wingman panic at the sight of the oncoming pirate starship and veer radically to one side , collide with vader 's tie fighter in the process . vader 's wingman crash into the side wall of the trench and explode . vader 's damage ship spin out of the trench with a damage wing . ext . space around the death STAR vader 's ship spin out of control with a bent solar fin , head for deep space . int . darth vader' cockpit vader turn round and round in circle as he ship spin into space . ext . surface of the death STAR solo 's ship move in toward the death Star trench . int . millennium falcon - cockpit solo , smile , speak to luke over he headset mike . han ( into mike ) you be all clear , kid . int . massassi outpost - war room leia and the other listen to solo 's transmission . han ( over speaker ) now let 's blow this thing and go home ! int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke look up and smile . he concentrate on the exhaust port , then fire he laser torpedoe . ext . surface of the death STAR luke 's torpedoe shoot toward the port and seem to simply disappear into the surface and not explode . but the shot do find they mark and have go into the exhaust port and be head for the main reactor . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke throw he head back in relief . int . death STAR a Imperial soldier run to the control panel board and pull the attack lever as the board behind he light up . intercom voice stand by to fire at rebel base . ext . space around the death STAR two x-wing , a y-wing , and the pirateship race toward yavin in the distance . int . death STAR several Imperial soldier , flanking a pensive Grand moff tarkin , busily push control lever and button . intercom voice stand by . the rumble of a distant explosion begin . ext . space around the death STAR the rebel ship race out of sight , leave the moon - like death Star alone against a blanket of star . several small flash appear on the surface . the death Star burst into a supernova , create a spectacular heavenly display . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han great shot , kid . that be one in a million . int . luke's x- wing fighter - cockpit luke be at ease , and he eye be close . ben' voice remember , the Force will be with you ... always . the ship rock back and forth . ext . darth vader' tie fighter vader 's ship spin off into space . ext . space the rebel ship race toward the fourth moon of yavin . int . massassi outpost - MAIN hangar luke climb out of he starship fighter and be cheer by a throng of ground crew and pilot . luke climb down the ladder as they all welcome he with laughter , cheer , and shouting . princess leia rush toward he . leia luke ! luke ! luke ! she throw she arm around luke and hug he as they dance around in a circle . solo run in toward luke and they embrace one another , slapping each other on the back . han ( laugh ) hey ! hey ! luke ( laugh ) I know you would come back ! I just know it ! han well , I be not gonna let you get all the credit and take all the reward . luke and han look at one another , as solo playfully shove at luke 's face . leia move in between they . leia ( laugh ) hey , I know there be more to you than money . luke look toward the ship . luke oh , no ! the fry little artoo - detoo be lift off the back of the fighter and carry off under the worried eye of threepio . threepio oh , my ! artoo ! can you hear I ? say something ! ( to mechanic ) you can repair he , can not you ? technician we will get to work on he right away . threepio you must repair he ! Sir , if any of my circuit or gear will help , I will gladly donate they . luke he will be all right . int . massassi outpost - MAIN throne room luke , han , and chewbacca enter the huge ruin of the main temple . hundred of troops be line up in neat row . banner be fly and at the far end stand a vision in white , the beautiful young Senator leia . luke and the other solemnly march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator leia . from one side of the temple march a shine - up and fully repair artoo - detoo . he waddle up to the group and stand next to a equally pristine threepio , who be rather awestruck by the whole event . chewbacca be confuse . dodonna and several other dignitary sit on the leave of the princess leia . leia be dress in a long white dress and be staggeringly beautiful . she rise and place a gold medallion around han 's neck . he wink at she . she then repeat the ceremony with luke , who be move by the event . they turn and face the assemble troops , who all bow before they . chewbacca growl and artoo beep with happiness . fade out : end credit over star the end