< font face= " courier , new " size = " 2 " > STAR trek ii : the wrath of khan written by : harve bennett participate writer Jack B. soward Samuel A. peeples MAIN title sequence ( to be design ) fade in : 1 black 1 absolute quiet . SOUND bleed in . low level b.g. noise of Enterprise bridge , click of relay , minor electronic effect . we hear a female voice . saavik' voice Captain 's log . stardate 8130.3 , starship Enterprise on training mission to gamma hydra . section 14 , coordinate 22/87 /4 . approach neutral Zone , all system function . int . enterprise bridge as the angle widen , we see the crew at station ; ( screen and visual display be in use ) : commander sulu at the helm , commander uhura at the comm con - sole , dr . bone mccoy and spock at he post . the Captain be new -- and unexpected . lo. saavik be young and beautiful . she be half vulcan and half romulan . in appearance she be vulcan with point ear , but she skin be fair and she have none of the expressionless facial immobility of a vulcan . sulu leave section fourteen for section Fifteen . saavik Project parabolic course to avoid enter neutral Zone . sulu aye , Captain . uhura ( suddenly ) Captain ... I be get something on the distress channel . minimal signal ... but something ... saavik can you amplify ? uhura I be try ... sulu course change project . uhura it 's a emergency distress call ! saavik on speaker ! voice ( filter , break up ) imperative ! imperative ! this be the kobayashi maru -- nineteen period out of altair six . we have strike a gravitic mine and have lose all power ... we hull be ... ( break up , static ) ... and many casualty . uhura this be the starship Enterprise . you message be break up . give you coordinate . repeat -- voice Enterprise , we position be gamma hydra , section ten ... saavik in the neutral zone . voice Hull penetrate , life support system fail . can you assist we , Enterprise ? can you ... break up . saavik data on kobayashi maru ! tactical ! tactical on big screen . computer voice subject vessel be third class neutronic fuel carrier , crew of eighty - one , three hundred passenger . saavik damn . ( then ) Mr. sulu , plot a intercept course . sulu May I remind the Captain that if a starship enter the zone -- saavik I be aware of my responsibility , mister . sulu ( with a nod ) ... now enter the neutral Zone ... 2 omitted 2 3 int . enterprise bridge - another angle 3 computer voice warning . we have enter the neutral Zone ... warning ... sulu estimate two minute to intercept . on screen : Enterprise approach the stricken vessel . saavik stand by transporter room , ready to beam survivor , aboard . uhura Captain , I have lose they signal ! computer voice alert . sensor indicate three klingon cruiser , bear 316 , mark 4 , close fast . saavik Visual ! on screen we see the approach of the klingon vessel , they be dark and sinister . saavik ( continue ) Battle station ! activate shield ! the alarm sound . sulu shield activate ! saavik inform the klingon we be on a rescue mission ... uhura they be jam all frequency , Captain -- computer voice klingon on attack course and close . screen verify this . saavik make a agonize choice . saavik we be over we head . Mr. sulu , get we out of here . sulu I will try , Captain . computer voice klingon cruiser approach , bear 090 , mark 20 . saavik Visual ! the image flop : more klingon approach . they FIRE photon torpedoe . saavik ( continue ) evasive action ! sulu do he best , but Enterprise be hit ; sulu be hurl from he station , and Bones hurry to he . saavik ( continue ) Engineering ! damage report ! scotty' voice ( intercom ) Main energizer hit , Captain ! saavik engage auxiliary power . prepare to return fire ! the bridge take another hit -- a big one . in its wake there be a second electrical explosion along the communi - cation panel . uhura fall from she station . Bones rush to she side amid the smoke and alarm . a cadet shield collapse , Captain ! scotty' voice ( filter ) Captain , we be lose auxiliary power ! saavik Fire all phaser ...! spock no power to the weapon system , sir . another hit : reverberate flash of spark and flame on the bridge . spock die . Bones come to he , but even as he cough he way through the smoke , a final hit and Bones fall . the room be smoke fill and a shamble . saavik look about in shock . scotty' voice ( filter ) Captain , it 's no use . we be dead in space . saavik digest this for a painful moment . then , touch - ing a comm button : saavik activate escape pod . send out the log buoy ... all hand abandon ship . repeat -- all hand -- kirk voice ( filter ) all right , open she up . there be a loud clanging and -- 4 full shot - enterprise bridge 4 the side wall of the " bridge " slide apart , revealing a light room beyond . through the open stride kirk . he stop , survey the shamble , and shake he head . saavik any suggestion , Admiral ? kirk prayer , Mr. saavik . the klingon do not take prisoner . ( to spock ) Captain . spock trainees to the briefing room . sulu awaken with a grin . uhura straighten herself demurely . the trainees head toward the distant room , spock rise and leave . Bones remain on the floor , head propped in he hand , whimsically . kirk physician , heal thyself . bone that 's all you have to say ? kirk I be not a drama critic . Bones roll he eye and rise . kirk see saavik who have not move . kirk ( continue ) well , Mr. saavik , be you go to stay with the sink ship ? saavik permission to speak candidly , sir ? kirk very well . saavik ( fight emotion ) I do not believe this be a fair test of my command capability . kirk and why not ? saavik because ... there be no way to win . kirk a no - win situation be a possibility every commander may face . have that never occur to you ? saavik ... no , sir . it have not . kirk how we deal with death be at least as important as how we deal with life , would not you say ? saavik ( falter ) as I indicate , Admiral , that think have not occur to I . kirk then you have something new to think about . carry on . she stay at attention . bone would not it be easier to put a experience crew back on the ship ? kirk they will learn . galloping about the cosmos be a game for the young , doctor . he leave . they look at each other . uhura ( offended ) what be that suppose to mean ? hold on saavik . 5 int . corridor outside the simulator room - day 5 kirk round the corner and see spock , lean against the wall . kirk ( dry ) be not you dead ? spock almost smile . kirk ( continue ) I assume you be loitering here to learn what efficiency rating I plan to give you cadet . spock I be understandably curious . they walk together . kirk they destroy the simulator room and you with it . spock the kobayshi maru scenario frequently wreak havoc with student and equipment . ( dry ) as I recall you take the test three time yourself . you final solution be , shall we say , unique ? kirk ( solemn ) it have the virtue of never have be try . spock your be not a solution which would have occur to a vulcan mentality . kirk so you say at the time . speak of which , you prot축g축 's first rare -- a trifle emotional -- spock she 's half romulan , Jim . the admixture make she more volatile than -- I , for example . kirk than you . yes , I see that . by the way , thank you for this . he lift the book . spock I know of you fondness for antique . kirk ( read ) ' it be the best of time , it be the worst of time ... ' message , spock ? spock none of which I be consciously aware -- except , of course , happy birthday -- surely the best of time . kirk look around uncomfortably , overlap : kirk hrummm ... and where be you off to , now ? spock the Enterprise . I must check in before you inspection . and you ? kirk ( shortly ) Home . spock study he -- spock something oppress you . they be old friend -- kirk something . he step into a turbo elevator . the door close as spock watch , wiping the scene . 6 ext . deep space - near ceti alpha V 6 in f.g. be the u.s.s. reliant , a older , somewhat batter starship of the enterprise class , with a slightly different configuration . Reliant approach a inhospitable - look yellow planet : ceti alpha V chekove voice starship log , stardate 8130 . 4 . this report classified most secret . log entry by Commander pavel chekov , duty Officer . starship USS Reliant on orbital approach with ceti Alpha VI in connection with project code name genesis . we be continue we search for a lifeless planet which will serve as a suitable test site for the Genesis experiment . this be the 16th planet we have visit , so far , no success . 7 int . bridge of reliant 7 well - age and distinctive . the usual compliment of officer and crew . captain clark terrell , about 45 , soft speak and in good shape , but somewhat laconic . behind Terrell , surveying the data screen be commander chekov , age some , but still boyish . terrell Standard orbit , Mr. Beach . beach Standard orbit , sir . terrell any change in surface scan ? beach negative . Limited atmosphere , dominate by craylon gas , sand and high velocity wind . incapable of support life form . forward screen : ceti Alpha . chekov do it have to be completely lifeless ? Terrell rise and cross to chekov . terrell do not tell I you have get something . chekov ( point ) we have pick up a minor energy flux read on one dyno scanner . terrell damn ! be you sure ? maybe the scanner 's out of adjustment -- chekov I suppose it could be a particle of preanimate matter catch in the matrix ... terrell all right , let 's get on the comm-pic to Doctor Marcus . maybe it 's something we can transplant . chekov you know what she will say ... 8 ext . deep space - regula I space station 8 a functional cluster of module serve as a scientific complex , a futuristic White Sands , orbit a small barren plantoid in b.g. : regula . carol marcus' voice ( filter ) something you can transplant ? I do not know -- 9 int . space station - carol' lab 9 Big but desert except for Carol , in contact with Reliant . surrounded by equipment clearly mean for many worker , carol marcus be in she early forty , attractive and intelligent . static mar the tran - mission . on the monitor : Terrell and chekov , look hopeful . terrell it might only be a particle of preanimate matter ... carol then again it might not . you boy have to be clear on this : there can not be so much as a microbe or the show 's off . ( she think ) why do not you have a look ? if it be something that can be move ... terrell ( eager ) you bet , doctor . we be on we way ! Carol sigh as the image fade , not happy . 10 int . corridor , space station regula I 10 Carol walk through the labyrinthine complex with david , she son , a bright young scientist of twenty . he be good look and humorous . david how can you let they pull that stuff on you ? they be just lazy . carol and bored . I know . but maybe it be something they can ... david come on , mother , that 's just the military mentality . never put off tomorrow what you can put off today . if there 's one atom of life ... carol I know , I know ... silence . david well , do not have kitten . Genesis be go to work . they will remember you in a wreath with Newton , Einstein , surak ... carol ( mock outrage ) thanks a lot . no respect from my offspring -- david par for the course ... you teaming up with I for bridge after dinner ? carol maybe ... david every time we have dealing with starfleet , I get nervous . ( shrug ) we be deal with something that could be pervert into a dreadful weapon . remember that overgrown boy scout you use to hang out with ? that 's exactly the -- they walk past the camera , they voice fading . carol listen , kiddo , Jim kirk be many thing , but he be never a Boy scout ... hold on the empty corridor . 11 int . kirk apartment , terra - night 11 kirk read the novel , try to focus . his flat befit a Admiral and a loner with few possession , except a collection of antique . we hear a soft bong . startle , kirk lower the book and push a button . kirk come . the door slide open and Bones enter . he carry two package , one of they wrap in brown paper . kirk ( continue ) bless I , doctor ; and what beam you into this neck of the wood ? bone ' beware romulan bear gift . ' happy birthday ... with a flourish , he pull out a bottle of blue liquid . kirk romulan ale ! Bones , you know this stuff be illegal -- bone ( broad ) I only use it for medicinal purpose . do not be a pring ... kirk ( read the label with difficulty ) twenty -two , eighty - three ... bone take the stuff a while to ferment . gimme . he take the bottle and pour ; continue talk . bone ( continue ) now open the other one . kirk start to obey . kirk I be almost afraid to . what do you bring I , contraband klingon -- bone more antique for you collection -- cheer ! they drink . the package be open : a pair of gold " Ben Franklin " half - glass . ( n.b. : romulan ale be a instant drunk : both man react . ) kirk cheer . Bones , this be ... charming . bone four hundred year old . you do not find many with the lens still intact . kirk uh -- what be they ? bone for you eye . for most patient of you age , I generally administer retlax five to restore flexibility of the lens . kirk but I be allergic to retlax . bone exactly . happy birthday . he toast . kirk be unsure how they work . bone ( continue ) slide they down you nose . now look at I over the top . and you read print matter through the bottom . kirk ( react ) amazing ! I do not know what to say -- bone say thank you . kirk thank you . a awkward silence . bone damn it , Jim , what the hell 's the matter ? other people have birthdays . why be we treat yours like a funeral ? kirk Bones , I do not want to be lecture . bone what do you want ? damn it , why be not there a girl here ? you know this have nothing to do with age . this be about you fly a goddamn computer console when you wanna be out hopping galaxy . kirk spare I you notion of poetry , please . we all have we assign duty and ... bone bull . you be hide -- hide behind the rule and regulation -- kirk and who be I hide from ? bone from yourself , Admiral . pause . kirk pour another drink . kirk do not mince word , Bones ; tell I what you really think . bone ( mild take ) I be you doctor and I be you friend , Jim . get back you command . get it back before you really do grow old . before you turn into part of this collection . they look at each other . 12 ext . reliant - deep space 12 orbit ceti Alpha V. voice over indicate the transporter room be ready . 13 omitted 13 14 ext . surface ceti alpha V 14 a yellow planet , in constant swirling hurricane wind of sand . Terrell and chekov materialize . they voice , filter , be hard to make out . with the tricorder to guide they , they set out ... terrell be you sure this be the coordinate ? chekov Captain , this be the garden spot of ceti Alpha VI -- terrell I can hardly see -- 15 several angle 15 the difficult search , the man lean into the wind -- 16 terrell 16 be ahead of chekov on a slight rise -- chekov there 's nothing , let 's go -- 17 angle 17 Terrell wave he frantically forward . as chekov move up , we rise with he to the top of the ridge and look down . 18 angle - there Pov 18 a ruined series of man -made structure , half bury in sand . they look at each other in consternation . chekov be worried ; something about all this be familiar . they descend towards the structure , now see to be the wreckage of some sort of space craft . they pass but do not notice the federation logo , half bury next to they foot . terrell they look like cargo carrier ... as chekov look at the porthole , a face suddenly look back ! it be the face of a child ! the apparition scare the daylight out of chekov -- and we . he scream . terrell ( continue ) what be it ? he come clumsily over -- chekov a face ! I see -- it be like a child -- he point . the porthole be empty . terrell you be crazy -- ! chekov I see it -- ! terrell there 's a air-lock . he point and they go into the airlock . 19 int . cargo hold 19 Terrell and chekov enter , dumbfounded . there Pov . someone life here -- there be bed , food , all jury - rig -- but no people . Terrell check a monitor . terrell there 's breathable atmosphere in here . he take off he helmet ; chekov likewise . terrell ( continue ) what the hell be this ? do they crash ? where 's the rest of the ship ? they wander as they talk , pick up object that be - speak a fairly sophisticated ad hoc environment : a laboratory in one hold ; a kitchen ; a large sand tank fill with disgusting ceti eel . abruptly a SOUND -- they start : child gurgle . chekov ( terrify ) I tell you ! I tell you I see a -- terrell ssssh ! they start look . they enter a new chamber -- 20 khan's quarter 20 on its side in the sand : the wall be now the floor , etc . all in crookedness -- like its owner . on the floor , smile at they ( i.e. , the wall ) be a baby . tentatively they come over to it , look around -- 21 angle - chekove Pov 21 lethal - look odd sword on one wall , a bookshelf ; camera pan by 20th century volume ; moby dick , king lear , the holy bible -- and a seat belt dangle with the name on it -- botany Bay . chekov mouth the word , softly at first , then aloud -- chekov botany Bay -- oh no ! terrell ( examine the child ) what 's the matter -- ? chekov run , try to get he helmet on , try to drag Terrell -- chekov Captain , we have get to get out of here -- now ! damn ! hurry ! Terrell catch he urgency -- terrell but the child -- chekov never mind ! hurry ! 22 ext . cargo hold airbay 22 Terrell and chekov emerge , helmete , then stop dead . 23 angle - there Pov 23 a ring of suite figure have they surround . 24 int . reliant - the bridge 24 Mr. Beach , the duty officer , stand look at ceti Alpha V on the forward screen . beach try again . kyle starship Reliant to Captain Terrell ... this be Lieutenant Kyle . will you please respond , Captain ... Captain Terrell , respond please . nothing . beach ( think ) let 's give they a little more time . 25 int . cargo hold - ceti alpha V 25 Terrell and chekov be hold by four strong men . they seem to be wait . one of the man be joachim . out of the airlock step a tall mask figure . a moment of suspense as Terrell and chekov watch , terri - fied . the mask be peel back . chekov ( aloud despite himself ) Khan ! khan be startle by the recognition ; come over and examine chekov and Terrell . khan ( finally ) I do not know you . but you . I never forget a face . mister chekov , be not it ? ( wonderingly ) I never think to see you face again . terrell chekov , who be this man ? chekov a criminal , Captain -- a product of the late 20th century genetic engineering -- terrell what do you want with we ? I demand -- khan ( mild ) you be in a position to demand nothing , sir . I , on the other hand , be in a position to grant nothing . what you see be all that remain of the ship 's company and the crew of the botany Bay , maroon here fifteen year ago by Captain James T. kirk . terrell listen to I -- you man and woman -- khan save you strength , Captain , this people have swear to live and die at my command two hundred year before you be bear . do you mean he ... ( i.e. chekov ) ... never tell you the tale ? to amuse you , Captain ? never tell you how the Enterprise pick up the botany Bay , lose in space from the year 1996 , myself and the ship 's company in cryogenic freeze ? terrell I have never even meet Admiral kirk -- khan Admiral ? he do not tell you how Admiral kirk send seventy of we into exile on this barren sand heap with only the content of this cargo bay to sustain we ? chekov you lie ! on ceti Alpha V there be life , a fair chance to -- khan this be ceti Alpha v! ceti Alpha VI explode six month after we be leave here . the shock shift the orbit of this planet and everything be laid waste . Admiral kirk never bother to check on we progress . it be only the fact of my genetically engineered intellect that enable we to survive ! on earth , two hundred year ago , I be a prince , with power over million -- now , like prometheus I have be leave by Admiral kirk to digest my own entrail . chekov Captain kirk be you host ! you repaid he hospitality by try to steal he ship and murder he . khan ( move closer ) and I will wager he never tell you about he shipmate , the beautiful and courageous Lieutenant mcgiver , who give up everything to join I in exile . out of love . and see how Admiral kirk requite she devotion -- she 's dead as earth ! the wind howl in the silence . when Khan turn , he eye be fill with tear . khan ( continue ) a plague upon you all . he recover he poise and return to they -- khan ( continue ) you do not expect to find I . you think this be ceti Alpha VI . why be you here ? they do not answer . Khan go over to Terrell and , with one hand , lift he into the AIR -- khan ( continue ) why ? Terrell gasp , stay silent -- khan ( continue ) no matter . he let go ; Terrell fall with a thud -- khan ( continue ) you will soon tell I willingly enough . he go over to the tank and dip a kind of strainer in , pull out two ceti eel -- wriggle item -- khan ( continue ) let I introduce you to ceti Alpha V 's only remain indigenous life form ; what do you think ? they have kill twenty of my people , include my beloved wife . oh , not all at once and not instantly , to be sure . they young enter through the ear and wrap themselves around the cerebral cortex . this have the effect of rendering the victim extremely susceptible to suggestion . later , as they grow , follow madness , paralysis -- and death . this be pet , of course -- not quite domesticate . as he speak , Khan dump a eel in each of they helmet ; he swirl the helmet around as though he be mixing martinis -- chekov Khan , listen to I ! Captain kirk be only do he duty ! you -- 26 close up - khan - camera in 26 khan there be some pain at first , I be tell , and then the effect be quite benign -- until the end . that be what I learn from watch my wife . at a sign , the helmet be slam down . as the muffle shriek be hear from within , the eel crawl across the face of chekov and Terrell ; with unerr in - stinct they head for the ear of the two hapless man . there be some atrocious pain as they enter -- then daze calm . khan ( continue ) that 's better ! now : tell I why you be here -- and tell I where I may find James kirk . 27 int . reliant bridge 27 kyle Captain Terrell . Captain Terrell ... this be Reliant ; please respond . no answer -- Beach make up he mind -- beach Mr. Kyle , muster a landing party with full arm . alert the transporter room . we be beam down . he head for the door but be stop by : terrell's voice ( filter ) Reliant , this be Terrell . respond please . beach this be Reliant . Clark , be you all right ? fractional pause . terrell's voice ( filter ) everything 's fine , commander . I will explain when I see you . oh , by the way , we be bring several guest aboard . prepare to beam up on my next signal . Terrell out . Beach and Kyle look at each other . kyle guest ? beach maybe we be transplant something . 28 ext . orbiting space dock area - terra ( feature stock ) 28 a space shuttle move toward we . 29 int . space shuttle 29 a new composite . Bones , sulu , uhura and kirk -- who sit , read . through the window we can see the approach to the starship enterprise . kirk look up , nod . sulu activate a comm button . sulu Enterprise , this be Admiral kirk 's party on final approach . enterprise voice ( filter ) Enterprise welcome you . prepare for docking . kirk look up from he book as sulu sit next to he . kirk I really must thank you . sulu ( embarrassed ) I be delighted ; any chance to go aboard Enterprise , however briefly , be always a excuse for nostalgia . kirk I cut you new order personally . by the end of the month , you will have you first command : USS excelsior . sulu thank you , sir . I have look forward to this for a long time . kirk you have earn it . but I be still grateful to have you at the helm for three week . I do not believe this kid can steer . sulu laugh . 30 ext . spoce dock - terra ( feature stock ) 30 the shuttle approach the mammoth airstrip . as we near the ship , a few work crews in space flit about she hull , work . 31 ext . enterprise ( feature stock ) 31 the shuttle make its way to the dock lock of the mother ship and settles in place . 32 int . enterprise docking BAY 32 a reception group await , lead by Captain spock . saavik stand at he side , in company of the trainee crew . also present : chief engineer mr . scott and member of he staff in they distinctive uniform . intercom voice dock procedure complete . spock prepare for Admiral 's inspection . the group come to attention . spock ( continue ) open the Air lock . the door open . kirk and he staff be pipe aboard by a electronic version of the boatswain 's tradi - tional whistle . kirk salute the federation symbol and step forward to exchange salute with spock . kirk permission to come aboard , Captain ? spock welcome aboard , Admiral . I believe you know my trainee crew . certainly they have come to know you . kirk ( dryly to saavik ) yes , we have be through death and life together . saavik stiffen slightly -- humor be not she forte . kirk ( continue to scotty ) Mr. Scott , you old space dog . you be well ? scotty I have I a wee bout -- but Dr. mccoy pull I through . kirk oh ? a wee bout of what , Mr. Scott ? uncomfortable , scotty exchange a glance with Bones -- bone shore leave , Admiral . kirk ah. he stop before a bright - face fourteen - year old , stand - ing so stiff he look like he will break -- in a engineer 's uniform . kirk ( continue ) and who be this ? preston ( breathless ) midshipman first class Peter Preston , engineer mate , sir . a big salute . kirk be amused , return the salute . kirk you first training voyage , Mr. Preston ? preston yes , sir . kirk I see . well , shall we start with the engine room ? he move , follow by he staff . scotty ( eyeing he prot축g축 ) I believe you will find all in order -- spock we will see you on the bridge , Admiral . kirk very good , Mr. spock . kirk and party leave . camera push in on spock and saavik . saavik he 's not what I expect , Sir . spock what do you expect , Lieutenant ? saavik ( uncertain ) he 's very human . spock we can not all be perfect , saavik . you must control you prejudice and remember that as a vulcan as well as a romulan you be forever a stranger in a alien land . around you be human , and as a member of the starfleet you be unlikely ever to escape they presence or they influence . you must learn to tolerance in addition to all else I have teach you . tolerance be logical . saavik be humble . saavik as always , my mentor . company dismiss . 33 int . enterprise engine room - looking down 33 the inspection party dwarf by the size . silence as kirk look around , run a finger for dust , etc . scotty , he team and Preston , stand at attention . 34 angle - floor of engine room 34 featuring power room separate by glass from the rest of the facility . Bones , sulu , uhura , and some train - ees watch as kirk inspect one console , clearly the responsibility of the burst midshipman Preston . preston ( blurt ) I believe you will find everything shipshape , Admiral . kirk ( sternly put he on ) oh do you ? have you any idea , midshipman Preston , how many time I have have to listen to Mr. Scott on the comm , tell I he trouble ? have you any idea the ribbing I have have to endure in the officer ' mess to the effect that the Enterprise be a fly death trap ? preston ( scandalize ) oh , no , sir ! this be the finest engine room in the whole Star -- the repress grin of the other , and a smile on scotty 's face tell Preston he 's be have . he stop , confuse . preston ( continue ) if the Admiral can not see the fact for himself , then , with all due respect , he 's as blind as a tiberion bat . sir . approve laughter . kirk look amused . kirk midshipman , you be a tiger . scotty my sister 's youngest , Admiral . crazy to get to space . kirk every young boy 's fancy . I seem to remember it myself . ( brisk ) very well . Mr. Scott , be you engine capable of handle a minor training cruise ? scotty give the word , Admiral . kirk Mr. Scott , the word be give . scotty aye , sir . he move off , follow by Preston , who give one last salute as kirk leave , follow by Bones . bone ( dry ) what about the rest of the inspection , Admiral ? kirk the inspection will continue once we be underway , Doctor . they step into the turbo lift . 35 int . enterprise bridge 35 the real one , no doubt ! camera reveal the maze detail : winking and blink display , all hand at station , a hum of activity , uhura and sulu in familiar chair , spock be in the Captain 's chair , saavik in the first Officer 's position . kirk and Bones stand towards the rear . intercom voice this be starfleet operation . Enterprise be clear for departure . sulu Admiral on the bridge ! spock very well , Mr. saavik , clear all mooring . saavik aye , sir . saavik punch data into she console . 36 ext . space dock and enterprise ( feature stock ) 36 the dock slowly fold away from the ship . 37 int . bridge , enterprise 37 saavik watch instrument , punch data in response . saavik all mooring be clear , Captain . spock thank you , Mr. saavik . spock cast a glance at kirk , then , to saavik : spock ( continue ) Lieutenant , how many time have you pilote a starship out of spacedock ? saavik never , sir . kirk try to conceal he reaction . spock enjoy it . spock take she out , Mr. saavik . saavik aye , sir . saavik settles herself in the chair , look again at the console -- spock look at kirk . spock there 's a first time for everything , Admiral . kirk ( casual ) to be sure , Captain . they all stifle they response . kirk be like a father watch he kid drive the family car for the first time . saavik aft thruster , Mr. sulu . sulu aft thruster , sir . 38 omitted 38 39 ext . enterprise ( feature stock ) 39 as the ship slowly and majestically leave the dock . 40 int . enterprise bridge 40 activity hum . saavik ahead one quarter impulse power . kirk start to say something , but do not . Bones look at he . bone ( sotto voice ) would you like a tranquilizer ? kirk shake he head , take a breath -- sulu ahead one quarter impulse power . 41 ext . space dock enterprise ( feature stock ) 41 the ship clear the dock and begin head into space . 42 int . enterprise bridge 42 kirk quietly let he breath out . sulu we be clear and free to navigate . saavik course head , Captain ? spock turn inquiringly to kirk . kirk Captain 's discretion . spock digest this with a slight smile . spock Mr. sulu , you may follow you nose . 43 ext . the enterprise ( stock from feature ) 43 she gather speed into the vastness of space . 44 ext . space , featuring the reliant 44 move towards we , in opposition to the previous shot , close enough for we to read she marking . 45 int . reliant bridge 45 Khan occupy the Captain 's chair . we pull back : the crew of the reliant have be replace by Khan 's fol - lower in they odd - look clothes . at the helm be Joachim , Khan 's lieutenant . he be in the large and brightest of Khan 's group . Terrell sit in the first Officer 's chair , chekov at the comm Console . they behavior be normal , save for subtle hesitation , symptom of they mind - control state . joachim steady on course . all system normal . khan it 's not much different from Enterprise . ( beat ) when I be a guest aboard she some year ago , Captain kirk kindly allow I to memorize she technical manual . and now , Mr. chekov , let we review : you say you have no detail of Project ' Genesis ' ? chekov Beyond what I tell you , sir , it be classified information . khan umm . and would Admiral kirk have access to such information ? chekov I would think so , sir . he 's on the fleet General staff . khan then to whom do you report directly regard Genesis ? chekov to Doctor Marcus , the civilian director of the experiment on Space Laboratory regula I . khan ( think ) I see . helmsman ? helmsman aye , sir . joachim May I speak ? we be all with you , sir , but consider : we be free , we have a ship and the mean to go where we will . we have escape permanent exile on ceti Alpha V . you have prove you superior intellect and defeat the plan of Admiral kirk . you do not need to defeat he again . khan he task I -- and I will have he . I will chase he round the moon of nibia and round the antare maelstrom and round perdition 's flame before I give he up . ( as no one speak ) prepare to alter course -- for Space Station regula i. 46 ext . space - space staion regula I 46 47 int . carol' lab 47 huge and busy . among the scientist go about they task be jedda , a deltan ; MARCH , thin intense ; madison , black , easy go . they be all young and earnest . Carol and David huddle over a computer console . david do that about do it ? carol I do not think there 's another piece of information we could squeeze into the memory bank . next time , we will design a bigger one . david who -- jedda at the comm Console overlap . jedda comm - pic come in on hyperchannel ... it 's Reliant . Carol move forward as the other close in . carol on the screen , please , jedda . button punch ; the screen ebb , flow and crackle on . on screen be chekov . chekov ... come in , please . this be Reliant call regula i. repeat . this be USS Reliant -- carol Commander , we be receive . this be regula i. go ahead . chekov Dr. Marcus ... good . we be en route to you and should be there in three day . carol en route ? why ? we be not expect you for another three month . have something happen ? ( pause ) have something happen ? do you read we ? chekov ( fractional pause ) all go well . nothing have happen . ceti Alpha VI have check out . please reaction from the scientist . carol I still do not under -- chekov we have receive new order . upon we arrival at regula I , all material of Project Genesis will be transfer to this ship for immediate testing at ceti Alpha VI . consternation in the lab . David be livid -- the word " bullshit " be overlap by he mother . carol will you please be quiet ! ( back to console ) Commander chekov , this be completely irregular . who give the order you be quote ? who give the order ? chekov ( still smile ) the order come from starfleet command , Dr. Marcus , direct from the General staff . carol but Genesis be a civilian project , under my control -- chekov I have my order . david pin he down , mother ! who give the order !? chekov hesitates , seem to be listen to someone off the monitor . chekov the order come from Admiral James T. kirk . sensation in the lab . david I know it ! I know it ! all along the military have want to get they hand on this -- he start to press a button ; Carol push he hand away and communicate herself . carol this be completely improper , Commander chekov . I have no intention of allow Reliant or any other unauthorize personnel access to we work or material . chekov ( pause ; listen ) I be sorry you feel that way , Doctor . Admiral kirk 's order be confirm . please prepare to deliver Genesis to we upon we arrival . Reliant out . the image fade . carol Commander chekov -- ! 48 int . bridge of reliant 48 chekov , in a match cut , turn away as camera widen to reveal khan by he side . he be charming . khan well do , Commander . chekov you realize , sir , that they will attempt to contact Admiral kirk and confirm the order . Khan smile , more charming than ever as we move in . 49 int . regula I lab 49 everyone be talk at once . carol will you please be quiet ! we must have order here . ( as they subside ) this have to be some sort of mistake . david mistake ? we be all alone here . they wait until everyone be on shift - leave to do this . Reliant be suppose to be at we disposal , not vice-versa . madison it seem clear that starfleet never intend that -- carol I know , but -- david I have try to warn you . scientist be always pawn of the military -- carol ( angry ) starfleet have keep the peace for a hundred year , I cannot and will not subscribe to you interpretation of this event . silence . jedda ( deltan cool ) you may be right , Doctor , but what about Reliant ? she 's on she way . Carol react : this be certainly true . carol get you gear together where it 's handy . MARCH where be we go ? carol that 's for we to know and Reliant to find out . we have only three day . let 's not waste time . they split off in different direction as order . 50 omitted 50 51 ext . space - enterprise ( feature stock ) 51 in no particular hurry . 52 int . enterprise corridor 52 kirk wait for the turbo lift , which open at last . as he get in -- saavik' voice hold please -- ! kirk hold and saavik dash in . she be surprised to see he . saavik ( continue ) thank you , sir . kirk nod , the door close . there be a uneasy force intimacy between they . kirk Lieutenant , be you wear you hair differently ? saavik it be still regulation , Admiral . she reach out and touch a button . the lift stop . saavik ( continue ) May I speak , sir ? kirk Lieutenant , self - expression do not seem to be one of you problem . saavik I wish to thank you for the high efficiency rating . kirk you earn it . saavik I do not think so . kirk you be bother by you performance on the kobayashi maru . saavik I fail to resolve the situation . kirk there be no correct resolution . it be a test of character . saavik May I ask how you deal with the test ? kirk ( amused ) you may ask , Lieutenant . she stare . kirk ( continue ) that be a little joke . saavik humor ... that be a difficult concept ... it be not logical ... kirk we learn by do , Lieutenant . she 's a laugh a minute . kirk push the button ; the elevator start . kirk ( continue ) you want my advice ? she study he , consider . no doubt about it , the attraction be mutual and she have no idea how to handle it . saavik yes . kirk take the test again . the lift stop and the door open . bone who 's be hold up the damn elevator ? he react to they . saavik exit demurely . saavik thank you , sir . Bones enter and the door close . kirk study the ceiling . bone have she change she hairstyle ? kirk say nothing . bone ( finally ) wonderful stuff , that romulan ale -- uhura' voice Admiral kirk -- kirk kirk here . uhura' voice I have a urgent commpic from Space Lab regula I for the Admiral . Dr. Carol Marcus . kirk in my quarter , uhura . uhura' voice yes , sir . awkward silence . bone it never rain but when it pour -- kirk as a physician you of all people should appreciate the danger of re-opening old wound . the elevator stop . kirk leave . the door close . bone ( annoyed with himself ) sorry . 53 int . kirk quarter 53 feature view screen : a scramble of interference and noise . a piece of Carol 's voice break through now and again as we pull back revealing a frustrated kirk . kirk uhura . can not you augment ? uhura I be try , sir . stand by ... Carol 's face appear . the image will never be stable for long ; sometimes the sound will be cover . carol Jim ... read I ? can you read I ? kirk message break up , Carol . what 's wrong ? what 's wrong ? carol ... can not read you ... repeat ... kirk repeat ... what 's wrong ? what 's wrong ? carol ... take Genesis away from we ... kirk take Genesis ? who ? who be take Genesis ? carol ... see you but can not hear . do you ... order ...? kirk what order ? who 's take Genesis ? carol ... please help we , Jim ... will not let they have ... without proper ... repeat ... on whose authority ... kirk Carol ! carol Jim please -- but the picture be irrevocably scramble now . kirk pound the comm in frustration . kirk uhura ! what 's happen ? damn it ... uhura' voice transmission jamme at the source , sir . kirk damn . alert starfleet headquarters . I want to talk with starfleet Command . 54 omitted 54 55 ext . enterprise ( feature stock ) 55 cruise . 56 int . enterprise bridge 56 the activity be normal . the turbo- lift open and kirk stride in . Bones and saavik react to the follow : kirk stop engine . sulu stop engine . they look wonderingly . kirk take a breath -- kirk a emergency situation have arisen . by order of starfleet Command , as of now , 1800 hour , I be assume command of this vessel . duty officer so note in the ship 's log . plot a new course : for Space Laboratory regula i. ( push a button ) Mr. Scott ? scotty' voice aye , sir . kirk we will be go to warp speed -- scotty' voice aye , sir -- sulu ( overlap ) course plotted for regula I , Admiral ... kirk engage warp engine -- saavik ( come out of be stunne ) prepare for warp speed . sulu ready , sir . kirk Mr. sulu , go to warp 5 . sulu do , and with a great thrust of energy -- 57 ext . space - enterprise ( feature stock ) 57 the ship accelerate , and then , with a eye-filled burst , whip ahead to warp speed , disappear . 57a int . spock's quarter 57a spock be at meditation as kirk enter quietly . spock look up . kirk we have get a problem . spock raise a eyebrow -- kirk ( continue ) something may be wrong at regula I . we have be order to investigate . spock regula I be a scientific research laboratory , if memory serve ... kirk I tell starfleet all we have be a boatload of child but we be the only ship in the quadrant . spock : that cadet of yours -- how good be they ? how will they respond under real pressure ? spock like all live being , Admiral each accord to he gift . the ship be yours . kirk that will not be necessary : just take I to regula I . spock Excuse my presumption , but I do not agree . as a teacher on a training mission , I be content to command a starship . if we be to go on actual duty , it be clear that the senior officer aboard must assume command . kirk but it may be nothing ; garble communication . why do not you ... spock you proceed from a false assumption . I be a vulcan . I have no ego to bruise . kirk smile in bemuse wonderment . kirk you be go to remind I that logic alone dictate you action . spock I be go to remind you of nothing , least of all that which you know well . ( pause ) you mistake , if I may be so bold , be promotion . command a starship be you first best destiny . anything else be a waste of material . kirk I would not presume to debate you . spock that be wise . in any case , be I to invoke logic , logic clearly dictate that the need of the many outweigh the need of the few . kirk or the one . spock incline he head . spock you be my superior officer . you be also my friend . I have be and always shall be yours . kirk be move . he start to speak , can not -- finally : kirk will you accompany I to the bridge ? spock I would best talk with Mr. Scott , first so that he may , in he own word , explain the situation to he cadet . kirk 's face tell we the wisdom of spock 's choice . 58 ext . space station regula I 58 float quietly around the planet below . tranquil as we push slowly in . over we can hear , filter , uhura' voice : uhura' voice regula I , this be Enterprise . this be Enterprise call . do you receive ... I say ... 59 int . enterprise bridge 59 feature spock and uhura , as she keep try -- uhura ... again , this be Enterprise call Space Lab regula i. come in , please . Dr. Marcus . please respond , please -- it 's no use ; no response from regula I . spock but no longer jamme ? uhura no , sir . no nothing . spock consider , move to kirk . spock there be two possibility , sir they be unwilling to respond , they be unable to respond . kirk how far ? spock twelve hour and forty - three minute , present speed . kirk give up Genesis , she say . what in God 's name do that mean ? give it up to whom ? spock it might help my analysis if I know what Genesis be . kirk look at he , nod ; rise now . kirk uhura , ask Dr. mccoy to join we in my quarter . Mr. saavik , take the con . they start for the turbo lift as saavik react -- 60 int . kirk quarter 60 bone I have get the sick bay ready . will someone please tell I what be go on ? kirk ( dim light ) Computer . request security procedure and access to Project Genesis summary . computer voice identify for retina scan . kirk kirk , Admiral James T. , starfleet General staff . Security class 1. the screen be suddenly busy with code read-out and then computer graphic of retina pattern . then it glow green . security clearance , CLASS 1 granted . kirk ( continue ) summary , please . more code read-out , a red line security scan , then over it approved , in green . replaced by : 61 on screen int . carol marcus ' lab , regula I 61 Carol appear , facing camera , not use to it . to one side stand David and behind they , the lab . 62 angle - kirk , spock , bone 62 spock Carol Marcus -- kirk yes . 63 on screen ( and intercut ) 63 carol I be Dr. Carol Marcus , and I be the director of the Project Genesis team at regula I . what exactly be Genesis ? put simply , Genesis be a procedure whereby the molecular structure of any give matter can be restructure -- change -- into anything else of identical mass . ( DNA ilm tape accompanies , ad lib ) spock fascinating . kirk wait -- carol stage one of we experiment be conduct in the labora - tory . stage two of the series will be attempt in a lifeless underground ; stage Three will involve the process on a plane - tary scale . what follow be a computer project simulation of stage Three . please watch closely . 64 ilm monitor sequence 64 &amp ; &amp ; 65 carol 65 it be we intention to introduce what we call the Genesis device or " torpedo " into the target area of a lifeless space body , a moon or other inert form -- the device be fire -- 66 on bone , spock and kirk 66 react with wonder . 67 back to monitor 67 carol -- unleash , almost instantan - eously , what we call the Genesis effect . particulate matter be reorganize and electrify -- with life introduce result . instead of a dead moon , a live breathe planet , capable of sus - tain whatever life form we see fit to deposit on it ... the reform object you see represent the merest fraction of the Genesis potential , should the federation wish to pursue this experiment to they logical conclusion . 67a back to carol in lab 67a carol when we consider the problem of population and food supply , the usefulness of this process begin to become clear . this conclude this demonstration tape . thank you for you attention . the Genesis team eagerly await the decision of the federation regard the next phase of we work . the tape become snowy and blink off . kirk look at Bones and spock -- they be stunne . spock it literally be Genesis ... kirk the power of creation -- spock have they proceed with they experiment ? kirk the tape be make a year ago . I can only assume they have reach phase two by now -- bone but dear Lord , be we intelligent enough to -- suppose , this thing be use where life already exist ? spock it would destroy such life in favor of its new matrix -- bone it 's new -- have you any idea what you be say ? spock I be not attempt to evaluate its moral implication , Doctor . as a matter of cosmic history , it have always be easier to destroy than to create -- bone not anymore ! now you can do both at the same time ! accord to myth , the earth be create in six day . watch out : here come Genesis ; we will do it for you in six minute -- spock I do not dispute that in the wrong hand -- bone would you like to tell I whose be the right hand , my cold - blooded friend ? be you in favor of this experiment ? kirk gentlemen , this be not -- spock really , Dr. mccoy ; you can not ban the acquisition of knowledge because you distrust the moral implication of what you learn . logic suggest -- bone logic ?? we be talk about universal armageddon , you inhuman bloodless ... saavik' voice ( intercom ) Admiral , sensor indicate a vessel in we area , close fast . kirk what do you make of she ? saavik' voice it 's one of ours , Admiral ... it 's Reliant . spock what 's she do here ? kirk chekov 's on Reliant , be not he ? 68 int . enterprise bridge 68 the whoosh of the turbo door and kirk , Bones and spock assume they post . saavik stand next to kirk 's chair . uhura she 's not respond ... kirk try the emergency channel ... uhura Enterprise to Reliant . come in , Reliant . kirk picture , Mr. saavik . 69 angle including the forward screen 69 Space ; a tiny dot in the distance , grow larger . spock attempt visual communication . uhura yes , sir . kirk be it possible they comm system have fail -- ? spock it would explain a great many thing -- 70 ext . space - the reliant 70 bore forward ominously . 71 int . bridge - the reliant 71 Khan and he crew ; no sign of chekov and Terrell . on Khan 's screen , the Enterprise grow larger -- khan ( almost sing - song with joy ) slow to one- half impulse power . let 's be friend ... helmsman slow to one-half impulse . joachim they be request visual communication , sir . khan let they eat static . joachim they be still run with shield down . khan of course . we be one big happy fleet . ah , kirk , my old friend , do you know the klingon proverb that tell we revenge be a dish that be best serve cold ? ( pause ) it be very cold in space . 72 int . enterprise bridge 72 sulu Reliant in we section this quadrant , sir , and slow -- kirk Visual . Visual of Reliant appear . saavik Sir , may I quote General order 12 : ' on the approach of any vessel , when communication have not be est -- spock Lieutenant , the Admiral be aware of the regulation . saavik aye , sir . kirk ( watch the screen ) this be damned peculiar . ( beat ) yellow alert . saavik energize defense field . alarm SOUND . the light on the bridge dim into the soft reddish glow of battle illumination . additional crew troop in to man vacant console . uhura I be get a voice message ... wait ... short range band . they say they Chambers coil be short they comm system . kirk spock ? spock scan ... he step to he station . 73 ext . space 73 the two ship be very close , barely move as they inch toward each other . 74 int . reliant bridge 74 joachim they still have not raise they shield . Khan be half out of he seat , sweat with anticipation . khan careful : not all at once . the engine room . lock on target and prepare to fire . joachim lock phaser on target . Computer graphic monitor : cross-hair on Enterprise . big screen ( ? ) 75 int . enterprise bridge - favoring spock 75 he react to he blue - light scope -- spock they coil emission be normal ... wait : they shield be go up . they be lock phaser -- ! kirk raise shield ! energize phaser , stand by to -- but the entire bridge be rocked by a shock impact , some of the crew send fly . 76 ext.space 76 Reliant fire phaser at Enterprise . a hit in the rear of the engine room area , debris fly into the void . 77 int . enterprise engine room 77 a explosion rip through the facility , send yellow - ish green gas hurtle down the long facility towards we . crewmen be hurl through the air , scream . 78 angle - the great auto door 78 roll close , sealing off the damage tail section , siren shrieking ! 79 angle - the trainees 79 terrify , scramble to get out amid the deadly yellow - ish green smoke , the cry . 80 angle - scotty 80 try to rally they -- scotty respirator ! get back ! use you respirator ! and he put he own respirator on , as do some of the veteran . Preston don he respirator -- and stay . 81 high angle - engine room 81 the angle we see during inspection . the trainee , in panic amid the gas crawl over each other try to get out . they scramble over each other 's shoulder in the effort to escape , scream and shouting . 82 int . enterprise bridge 82 the bridge be slowly righting . Crew member get back to they station . on speaker , we hear the cry and shout of the engine room . kirk Mr. sulu ... the shield ! sulu try , sir ! intercom voice Medical alert : engine room . Bones dash out . sulu I can not get power , sir ! kirk scotty ! scotty 's voice be faint , drown by the scream and cry from a dozen intercom station . kirk ( continue ) uhura , turn off that damn channel !! uhura do . there be a dead silence . then : uhura Mr. Scott on discrete . kirk scotty , let 's have it . 83 int . engine room - favoring scotty 83 behind , the crew chief and a few other work feverishly in respirator . scotty , in respirator , with a throat mike which filter he voice . scotty just hang on , sir . Main energizer out . 84 int . enterprise bridge 84 on screen computer graphic , red flash light indi - cate damage area . spock step up to kirk evaluate the display . spock they know just where to hit we . kirk who ? who know just where to hit we ? and why ? spock ( shake head ) one thing be certain ; we can not escape on auxiliary power . kirk Visual ! ( see visual ) Mr. sulu , divert everything to the phaser -- spock ( be screen ) too late -- on visual screen , photon torpedoe approach ... kirk hang on ! the bridge be shake badly , screen go dark , fire spark and erupt . alarm and SOUND full . Crew personnel try to put out electrical fire , help the fall -- 85 ext . space - reliant 85 circle Enterprise . 86 int . reliant bridge - favoring khan at dash 86 the glow of the o.s. screen and battle illumination highlight the passion in he eye . 87 int . enterprise bridge 87 the firefight continue . kirk scotty -- what 's leave ? scotty' voice just the battery , sir . I can have auxiliary power in a few minute -- kirk we do not have minute . can you give I phaser power ? scotty' voice a few shot , sir . spock not enough against they shield . kirk who the hell be they ? uhura Admiral ... Commander Reliant be signal . ( a pause ) he wish to discuss term of we surrender . there be a moment . kirk look around the batter bridge , and he eye meet spock 's , and saavik 's . kirk on screen . uhura ( hesitate ) Admiral -- kirk do it , while we have time . all eye go to the screen . after momentary visual confusion , Khan 's face appear , smile -- kirk ( continue ; dumbfounded ) Khan ! saavik who ? khan you still remember , Admiral . I can not help but be touch . of course , I remember you . kirk what be the meaning of this attack ? where be the crew of the Reliant ? khan surely I have make my meaning plain . I mean to avenge myself upon you , Admiral . I have deprive you ship of power and when I swing round I mean to deprive you of you life -- 88 ext . space 88 we can see Reliant make a large arc as she prepare to come back for another round . 89 int . enterprise bridge 89 khan ( on screen ) -- but I want you to know first who it be who have beat you : I , Khan noonian Singh , the eagle you attempt to cage forever . kirk Khan , listen to I -- if its I you want , I will have myself beam aboard . all I ask be that you spare my crew . khan that be a most intrigue offer . typical , I must say of you sterling character . let I think . 90 ext . space 90 Reliant continue she slow arc . 91 int . enterprise bridge 91 khan ( on screen ) I make you a counter - proposal , I will agree to you term , if in addition to yourself , you turn over to I all data and material regard the project call Genesis . reaction from spock and kirk . kirk Genesis , what 's that ? khan do not play with I , kirk , my hand be on the phaser control -- kirk give I some time to recall the data on we computer -- khan I give you sixty second , Admiral . kirk turn from the screen -- spock Admiral , you can not give he Genesis ... kirk at least we know he have not get it . just keep nodd as though I be give order . saavik , punch up the data chart of Reliant 's command console -- hurry ... saavik Reliant 's command ... kirk hurry . spock the prefix code ? kirk it 's all we have get . saavik on screen ... kirk ( to Khan ) we be find it . ( urging ) please , please -- you have get to give we time -- the bridge be smashed , computer inoperative ... khan time be a luxury you do not have , Admiral : forty - five second ... 92 ext . space 92 Reliant , she arc complete , be come back . 93 int . enterprise bridge 93 saavik I do not understand -- kirk put on he spectacle -- kirk you have get to learn why thing work on a starship . ( to Khan ) it 's come through now , Khan ... spock ( descend ) the prefix code be 16309 . all command from each starship bridge be relay electronically ; each ship have its own prefix combination code ... khan thirty second ... kirk ... to prevent a enemy from do just what we be attempt ; use we console to tap in a message , a order to lower Reliant 's damn shield ... spock ( at the weapon console ) let 's hope he have not change the combination . he 's quite intelligent ... kirk ( grim ) wait for my signal , spock -- too soon and he will have time to figure it out and raise they again . spock nod ; kirk turn to the screen -- kirk ( continue ) Khan , how do I know you will keep you word ? khan ( on screen ) I have give you no word to keep , Admiral . in my judgment , you simply have no alternative . kirk I take you point . stand by to receive we transmission . he turn from the screen again , softly : kirk ( continue ) Mr. sulu , lock phaser on target and await my command ... sulu ( quietly ) phaser lock ... they be all sweat . khan time 's up , Admiral ... kirk ( dry ) here it come . now , spock . 94 close up spock's hand punching in the prefix code 94 follow by other signal . 95 int . reliant bridge 95 joachim ( stare at he console ) Sir -- we shield be drop ! khan raise they -- Joachim punch frantically -- joachim they will not -- khan where 's the over-ride ?? all monitor be haywire now that Enterprise be tapped in . they search wildly for the right switch , but ... 96 int . enterprise bridge 96 97 close up - kirk 97 kirk FIRE ! 98 close up - sulus hand 98 punch . 99 ext . space 99 Enterprise fire at Reliant inflict heavy damage . 100 int . reliant bridge 100 a shamble -- debris fly ; Khan knock to the deck . he struggle to he foot through wiring -- khan ( enraged ) at they ! at they ! FIRE ! FIRE ! why can not you ? joachim we can not fire , sir ; they have damage the photon control and the warp drive . we must withdraw ! khan no ! joachim Sir , we must ! ( desperate urging ) we must repair the damage . Enterprise will wait ; she 's not go anywhere . Khan calm as the other hold he ; he breathes deeper . 101 ext . space 101 Reliant turn away . 102 enterprise bridge 102 they watch on screen as Reliant haul off . sulu ( breathless ) Sir , you do it . kirk ( enraged ) I do nothing -- except get catch with my britches down . I must be senile . Mr. saavik , you just keep right on quote regulation . meantime , let 's find out what the hell be go on and see how bad we have be -- the turbo door whoosh open as kirk reach they . scotty stand there , tear stream down he face ; he hold the body of midshipman Preston . both of they be cover in blood . he sway into kirk 's arm as the other rush forward . 103 ext . space 103 the Enterprise , motionless , scar of battle show . 104 int . engine room 104 the crew , wear respirator amid the motionless ball of gas , work frantically at a dozen job , try to put thing aright , splicing wire , etc . some trainees who panicked be back . 105 feature the crew chief 105 make a final adjustment . crew chief hit you blower ! a turbo whine and a great wind of suction pull the gas towards appropriate vent . the Crew Chief watch , then yank off he respirator ; wipe he brow . 106 int . sick BAY 106 many casualtie in evidence . kirk enter and lead camera through they ; he have a word or two for man he do not know by name . kirk lead we to the operate theatre , where Bones work over Preston . scotty stand by , he lip tremble . Preston open he eye , see scotty and kirk . preston ( faint ) be the word give ? kirk ( soft ) the word be give : warp speed . preston ( almost smile ) aye ... he die . pause . scotty look across the body at kirk . scotty why ? kirk ( look at Preston ) he want to kill I for pass sentence on he 14 year ago -- and he do not care who stand between he and he vengeance . bone scotty , I be sorry ... scotty he stay at he post . when the trainee run , he stay . kirk if he have not , we would be space by now . spock's voice Admiral , this be spock . kirk hit a wall intercom -- kirk yes , spock . spock's voice engine room report auxiliary power restore . we can proceed at impulse power . kirk ( think ) best speed to regula i. kirk out . scotty , I have get to ask : any chance of get the main back on the line ? scotty I dinna think so , sir , but you will have my best -- with a effort , he get to he foot -- scotty ( continue ) thanks -- I know you try , Doctor ... squeeze he shoulder and limp off -- we now hear the sound of impulse power take effect . kirk be you all right ? Bones shrug unhappily , look at Preston . bone doctor lose patient sometimes . damn . I be still in the dark : how would he know about Genesis ? kirk at the moment that question take a back seat to prevent he from lay he hand on it . you say it yourself ; we be talk about a bang that would re-arrange the universe ... bone there may still be time ... you give as good as you get . kirk ( look he in the eye ) I get beat . we be only alive because I know something about this ship that he do not . he turn and leave as Bones watch , look again at Preston . 107 ext . space - regula I space station 107 regula , the dead planet beyond . 108 ext . space - enterprise 108 approach . as she move slowly past camera , we pan with she to see that she be approach the space lab . 109 int . bridge - enterprise 109 Battle damage , some repair , some not . the bridge be fill with tension , all hand at station . sulu ( v.o. ) approach regula and Space Lab regula i. kirk try again . uhura Space Station regular I , this be starship Enterprise . come in , please ... 110 int . space station regular I - carol be lab - on screen 110 as before , uhura 's image , implore a response . uhura I say again . Space Station regular . this be starship Enterprise . please respond . please respond . during this , camera have panned close among the techni - cal clutter . then suddenly . SOUND -- eerie , frightening . we ear can not place it ... and before we can , it be go a warning . 111 back to bridge 111 uhura ... no response , sir . kirk sensor , Captain ? spock scanner and sensor still inoperative . there 's no way to tell what 's inside the station . kirk and no way of know if Reliant be still in the area ... spock affirmative , Admiral . kirk ( with irony ) ... blind as a tiberian bat . what do you make of the plantoid beyond ? spock regula be class " D '. it consist of various remarkable ore . essentially , a great rock in space . kirk Reliant could be hide behind that rock . spock a distinct possibility . kirk engine room ... scotty , do we have enough power for the transporter ? scotty' voice just barely , sir . kirk ( the decision ) I be go down to the station . he start out . Bones stop he . bone Khan could be down there ! kirk he 's be there and have not find what he want . can you spare someone ? there may be people hurt . bone I can spare I ... saavik begging the Admiral 's pardon : General order 15 : ' no flag officer shall beam into a hazardous area without armed escort . ' kirk there be no such regulation . saavik 's gaze falter -- kirk ( continue ) all right , join the party . Mr. spock , the ship be yours . spock aye sir -- kirk establish a parking orbit around the station and send I a complete damage report when you have talk with Mr. Scott . spock be careful , Jim ... kirk , Bones and saavik head for the turbo door . 112 ext . space - space station regular I 112 closer angle now . the silence be ominous . 113 int . space station regular I - carol' lab 113 empty , except for the hum and crackle of abandon equipment . with a familiar SOUND , bone , kirk and saavik materialize . all have phaser , communicator and tricorder . for a moment they look around , see emptiness . like be in a haunt house . kirk hello ...! anybody here ? a weird echo reverberate he cry . saavik ( raise tricorder ) indeterminate life sign . kirk phaser on stun . move out . they separate . each begin to search . 114 angle with saavik 114 she move to the electronic and data area , examine the console , the equipment , then settles for the data bank . she start key sequence with the computer . 115 int . space station - bone 115 he show sign of fear as he walk through the desert place , like a scuba diver explore a cave . we want he to go back . a noise . Bones react with brave apprehension . rounding a corner , he start : a rat scuttle right in front of he . Bones sigh with relief and move forward . we think he 's safe . suddenly something fall right on he face : a upside down human arm . 116 same locale - later 116 kirk help Bones cut down the last of the five body from where they be hang , upside down . have recover he composure , Bones examine the corpse . we recognize madison , March , among other . one be clearly the cook . kirk ( stunne ) they even kill the galley chief . bone this one look like a steward . they be not warm , but rigor have not set in . this do not happen all that long ago , Jim . kirk look around , despairingly -- kirk Carol ... 117 int . space lab data bank 117 with saavik work with console . something puzzle she . she frown , but a new SOUND distract she . she look up and move off . 118 full shot - in the lab 118 a moan be hear . all three now converge on the area . as they near it , saavik 's tricorder hum furiously . be this a room , a locker of some other place , this time they -- " open the door . " the limp body of chekov and Terrell fall out . uhura' voice ( on screen ) Admiral kirk , Enterprise . come in , please . come in please . she will continue sporadically . kirk my God ! chekov emit a live , reassure moan . bone that 's Clark Terrell , Jim , I have serve with he . Bones be pass he medical tricorder over chekov . bone ( continue ) Brain disturbance . appear to be drug induce . he reach into he kit . he shoot chekov move off to Terrell . uhura , voice continue in the b.g. kirk saavik , for God 's sake , tell she we be all right . 119 int . enterprise bridge - favoring uhura 119 uhura I say again . this be Enterprise . please acknowledge signal . please -- saavik 's face appear on she screen . saavik ( on screen , hurried ) Commander uhura , this be Lt. saavik . we be all right . please stand by . out . uhura ( baffle ) aye , aye . 120 int . space station - tight group 120 chekov open he eye , and stare into kirk 's . chekov oh , God , Admiral ...! he weep like a child , and kirk hold he . meanwhile , Terrell open he eye and stare at Bones . bone it 's Dr. mccoy , Captain . do you remember I ? terrell mccoy ? yes . oh , yes . 121 angle favoring chekov and kirk 121 chekov break the embrace in high relief and anxiety . chekov oh , sir . it be Khan ! we find he on ceti Alpha V. kirk easy , pavel ... tell I what you can ... chekov no life sign -- but he be there . capture we . he -- he put creature in we body . to control we mind . Bones take over chekov -- bone it 's all right , you be safe ... chekov ... make we say -- lie ... do ... thing ... but we beat he ... the Captain and I . -- he think he control we , but he do not ... the Captain be strong . chekov break into tear . kirk look at Terrell , who be more compose . kirk Captain . where be Dr. Marcus ? where be the Genesis material ? terrell he could not find they . some of the scientist be still here , but everything else , even the data bank -- be empty . saavik that 's true , Admiral . all the memory cell have be emptied . kirk ( ponder ) erase ... terrell he torture that people . none of they would tell he anything . he go wild , strung they up and slit they throat . he want to tear the place apart , but he be late : he have to get back to Reliant in time to blow you to bit . kirk he come damn close ... chekov he leave we . ( with irony ) we be no longer of use . saavik where be the Reliant crew ? Dead ? terrell maroon on ceti Alpha V. he 's completely mad , Admiral . he blame you for the death of he wife ... kirk I know what he blame I for . ( think ) the escape pod be all in place . ( look around ) where 's the transporter room ? 122 int . space station transporter room 122 kirk , wear he spectacle , study the transporter console . angle widen to reveal the transporter pod , and the other , b.g . kirk do he make it down here ? chekov and Terrell look at each other ; they seem a bit stronger . chekov it be not my impression . he spend most of he time try to wring the information out of the people . saavik approach kirk : saavik anything ? kirk look at she over the rim of the glass : kirk somebody leave the unit on . if everyone else be dead , it imply that no one remain to turn it off . that people back there buy escape time for Genesis with they life . saavik study the console . saavik it do not make sense . this coordinate be well within regula -- a plantoid we know to be lifeless and airless . kirk ( wheel turn ) if stage two be complete , it be underground -- she say it be go to be underground . saavik stage two of what ? kirk get it . kirk ( on communicator ) kirk to Enterprise . damage report , spock ? spock's voice Admiral , if we go by the book , like Lieutenant saavik , hour could seem like day . kirk ( beat ) I read you , Captain . let 's have it . fractional pause . spock's voice the situation be grave , Admiral . we will not have main power for six day at least . auxiliary power have temporarily fail , but maybe we can restore that in two day . by the book , Admiral . kirk frown . kirk meaning you can not even beam we back ? spock's voice not at present . kirk look at saavik and Bones , decide -- kirk Captain spock , if you do not hear from we within one hour you order be to restore what power you can , take the Enterprise to the nearest Star base and alert starfleet command when you be out of jam range . uhura' voice Sir -- we will not leave you behind ...! kirk uhura , if you do not hear from we , there will not be anybody behind . kirk out . ( to Terrell and chekov ) you gentleman can remain here , or ... terrell if it 's all the same , Admiral , we would like to share the risk . kirk ( hesitates ) very well . let 's go . bone go ? where be we go ? kirk ( point to console ) where they go . saavik . kirk walk onto the pod as saavik work the console , roll in electronic coding . the other join kirk . bone but what if they go -- nowhere ? kirk then this will be you big chance to get away from it all . saavik ready . she press a button , join they on the pod . slowly they vanish . 123 ext . space - the plantoid regula 123 camera move toward it as the beam SOUND continue , with irregularity . the plantoid be ugly and dead . the sound frighten we , and climax with : 124 int . rocky cavern - regula 124 the beam SOUND screech , then settles into its comfort - able mode as the five figure fluctuate , fade , then appear . they look around in wonder and relief . saavik Admiral -- she indicate something o.s. they cross as camera reveal a cave wall stack with technical material and crown by a large projectile , a giant version of the model we see earlier . they stare . ( n.b. feature genesis arming control BOX . ) bone Genesis , I presume . they walk by a group of crate . it all happen very fast : David leap out and tackle kirk , throw he to the ground and landing atop he , a knife at he throat . at the same time , Bones and saavik reach for they phaser , but jedda , already armed , step out . he have they cover and helpless . 125 angle favoring david 125 david you be the sonavabitch who commit mass murder up there . he raise the knife -- kirk I be Admiral kirk ... david we be still there , you dumb bastard ! we could hear the scream all the way to the transporter room -- again he raise the knife -- kirk where 's Dr. Marcus -- david I be Doctor Marcus ! Carol reach the tunnel entrance to the cave -- carol David -- david mother , go back ! Carol see kirk -- carol Jim -- david go back . I be go to kill he . carol ( take a breath ) you do that and you will have murder you father . all react . David and kirk , face each other , be turn to stone . Bones , jedda and chekov turn to look at Carol , wonder . Terrell very casually take the phaser from jedda . 126 new angle ( formerly scene 134 ) 126 terrell ( cool ) I will hold onto this . but kirk and Carol ignore they and walk towards each other . there be tear in Carol 's eye . she reach up , try to smile and touch he hair -- carol you have get a little grey -- she can not . kirk take she and hold she tightly , look - ing at David , over she shoulder . he stand there , stunne , look back . kirk Carol . be that true ? she nod -- kirk ( continue ) why do not you tell I ? david she 's make it up ! my father be Professor -- carol David , you be just make this harder -- terrell I be afraid it 's even harder than you think , Doctor . he and chekov have they phaser train on they . terrell ( continue ) please do not move -- kirk chekov -- ! chekov I be sorry , Admiral . Terrell speak into he wrist recorder . terrell you excellency , have you be listen ? khan's voice ( filter ) I have indeed , Captain . you have do well ... david I know it -- ! David make a reckless break for Terrell ; saavik instantly throw herself on he bring he down as Terrell fire , hit jedda , who be behind David -- a kill ray . jedda dematerialize . Carol scream and David react with horror and guilt . most importantly , chekov begin to tremble . Terrell himself be shake by he reflexive action . he 's in semi-panic . terrell do not move -- any of you ! 127 127 through through 134 134 135 ext . space - the dark side of regula 135 Reliant , motionless in a parking orbit . 136 int . reliant bridge - favoring khan 136 Joachim over he shoulder . other in evidence . Khan speak into he console . khan Captain ... we be wait . what 's the delay ? 137 int . rocky cavern ( intercut as desire ) 137 terrell all be well , sir . you have the coordinate to beam up Genesis ... khan first thing first , Captain . kill Admiral kirk . reaction by all -- only kirk and Bones be unsurprise . David and saavik , daze , fight the urge to do something . chekov be close to a seizure . Terrell fight conflict mental signal . terrell excellency ... it be difficult . I try to obey , but -- khan's voice kill he . as though tear off a leach , Terrell grab at the wrist recorder and fling it to the ground . a shock - wave of pain hit Terrell . he recover , tremble and try to obey . chekov be shaking badly . Terrell aim he phaser at kirk . chekov slowly raise he phaser and aim at Terrell , though he hand be like lead . we think chekov be go to do the right thing . then , shockingly : Terrell turn he phaser on himself . khan's voice ( still emanate from wrist recorder ) kill he , Terrell . now . Terrell do , blow himself into oblivion . 138 angle - favoring chekov 138 he scream , horribly , drop he phaser , clutching he head . Bones leap to he side , pull a injection device from he belt pack , jab it into chekov 's arm . chekov , almost with a sigh of relief , drop . khan's voice Terrell ? chekov -- ! bone Jim -- for God 's sake ! they rush to he side , as do Carol and David . 139 angle - favoring chekov 139 from the fall man' ear , something begin to emerge . 140 very close - chekov be ear 140 the ceti eel crawl out . it have grow quite large . 141 scene 141 horror from all . kirk pick up a phaser . as the eel clear chekov , he fire and destroy it . he shudder , then see the wrist recorder and grab it . kirk Khan , you bloodsucker , they be finish ! you will have to do you own dirty work now . do you hear I ? do you ? 142 int . reliant bridge 142 Khan react to kirk 's voice : electronic shock . he clutches the communicator , he eye-white roll . khan kirk ! kirk , you be still alive -- my old friend ... intercut as desire with 143 rocky cavern - favoring kirk 143 kirk still , ' old friend . ' you have manage to kill just about everyone else , but like a poor marksman , you keep miss the target . khan ( ironic ) perhaps I no longer need to try . he punch several button . in the Rocky Cavern the transporter beam lock on to the Genesis torpedo and its arming control box . as kirk and the other watch , horrify , Khan beam up the material . David try to reach the torpedo , but saavik hold he fast -- david let go -- he can not -- ! saavik only half of you would get there . the beam disappear and Genesis with it , leave they alone . kirk ( desperate ) Khan , you have Genesis , but you do not have I ! you be go to kill I , Khan , it be you sole purpose . you will have to come down here to do it ! you will have to come down ! khan's voice I have do far worse than kill you , Admiral . I have hurt you . and I wish to go on hurt you . I shall leave you , as you leave I -- where no one will ever find you : poetic justice ; maroon for eternity in the center of a dead planet -- bury alive . kirk Khan -- ! khan Goodbye , Admiral . oh , and do not count on Enterprise . she can not move . my next act will be to blow she out of the heaven . kirk khan ! 144 omitted 144 145 int . reliant bridge 145 Khan close he eye in voluptuous satisfaction . Joachim enter and Khan look at he . khan well ? joachim warp drive still inoperative . all other system should be restore shortly . Khan sigh , contentedly . khan excellent . we have all the time in the world . 146 int . rocky cavern 146 as before , saavik be on the communicator . saavik this be Lt. saavik , call Enterprise ... she keep try . chekov stir -- bone he 's alive ! Bones go and tend chekov who moan , try to sit up . kirk pavel ? chekov try to smile ; kirk take he hand -- saavik no use , Admiral , they be still jam all channel . bone ( look across chekov ) it would not make any difference . if Enterprise obey order she 's long since go . and if she could not obey , she 's finish . david so be we , it look like . carol I do not understand . who 's responsible for all this ? who be Khan ? kirk it 's a long story . david we appear to have plenty of time . bone ( dry ) you and you father can catch up on thing . david ( bitter ) my father . I hope you realize another man have just be kill because of ... bone because of you , son . you should not have try to rush someone hold a prime phaser . anyway it be not one man dead , it 's two , in case you have lose count . David have be effectively spike . Long silence . kirk do you have anything to eat ? I do not know about anyone else , but I be starve . bone how can you think of food at a time like this ? kirk we first order of business be survival . carol there 's food in the Genesis cave , enough to last a lifetime -- should that be necessary . bone we think this be Genesis . Carol laugh -- there 's a edge of hysteria to it . carol this ? it take the starfleet corps of engineer ten month in space suit to tunnel out all this . what we do in there -- we do in a day . David , why do not you show Dr. mccoy and the Lieutenant we idea of food . david but we can not just sit here -- ! kirk ( unruffled ) oh , yes we can . be there really something to eat ? David look at he father , who check he watch , put on he spectacle . carol David . please . david ( to kirk ) this be just to give we something to do , be not it ? ( he shrug ) come on . saavik and Bones make to follow . saavik turn to kirk -- saavik Admiral ? kirk as you teacher Mr. spock be fond of say : I like to think there always be possibility . 147 omitted 147 through through 149 149 150 ext . space 150 Dark side of gamma . Reliant sit idle . 150a int . rocky cavern 150 a Carol sit on the ground , chekov 's head in she lap , look at kirk . carol David be right , be not he ? it 's just to keep they busy . kirk why ? why do not you tell I ? carol how can you ask I that ? be we together ? where we go to be ? you have you world and I have mine . I want he in mine , not chase through the universe with he father . kirk turn away , overcome . she watch he . carol ( continue ) he 's a lot like you in many way . nothing I could do about it . he 's smarter , of course ; that go without say . most of Genesis be really he . her joke do not take effect . he do not turn . carol ( continue ) this be it , be not it ? we be never go to get out of here . kirk say nothing . carol ( continue ) please . tell I what you be feel . kirk hesitates , come back and sit next to chekov ; he change Bones ' compress on the ear as he finally speak . kirk there 's a man I have not see in fifteen year who think he 's kill I . you show I a son who would almost be happy to help he . my son . my life that could have be and be not . what be I feel ? I be feel old -- wear out . Carol study he ; gently she set chekov 's head down on a sweater , then stand . carol let I show you something that will make you feel young -- young as when the world be new . she offer she hand . kirk look at chekov , who smile , faint assurance . carol ( continue ) he will be all right . come . after a moment 's hesitation , kirk take she hand and she lead he to the tunnel . 150b int . tunnel 150 B trucking before Carol and kirk . a rise light fall on they face as they walk , then run with excitement toward the source . kirk race ahead ... 150c kirk Pov - moving through the tunnel 150c toward a iridescent light at its end , blindingly beautiful with color . intercut : these two angle until we can hardly wait for kirk to reach the end of the tunnel , and then , when it do : 150D int . genesis cave - promontory level 150D where the rock tunnel end . kirk come out of the tunnel , and he mouth drop open . 150e full shot - the genesis cave ( matte and fx ) ( formerly 150e scene 130 ) a huge cavern . kirk be actually stand at the middle of it . Space extend vastly above and below he point of view . like eden , lush growth everywhere , water - fall , and a cobalt blue sky high , high above where a round orb glow send light and warmth downward . there be a path from where kirk stand down to the lower level where Bones , and the other be wait and call to he . mist and haze waft gently across the cavern . 150f back to kirk 150 F as Carol come up beside he . kirk you do this -- in a day ?! carol the matrix form in a day . the life form grow later -- at a wildly accelerate rate . can I cook or can not I ? 151 int . reliant bridge 151 the turbo door open and Joachim stand there . joachim impulse power restore . Khan smile . khan more than a match for poor Enterprise . he punch at he console . 152 omitted 152 through through 153 153 154 ext . space - regula 154 Reliant ominously poke she nose into the light side of the planet , head for Enterprise . 155 int . reliant bridge 155 joachim depart dark side , regula . khan Visual -- 156 on screen 156 the regula I Space Station -- but where be Enterprise ? 157 on khan 157 frown with puzzlement . khan where be she ? 158 on screen 158 not a trace ! 159 int . genesis cave platform 159 kirk and the other eat fruit from the huge ( matte ) forest beyond . chekov have be move to join they . 159a angle favoring david and saavik 159a who watch he . david what be you look at ? saavik the Admiral 's son . david do not you believe it . saavik oh , I believe it . she almost smile . David return she stare and it throw she . saavik ( continue ) what be you look at ? david ( confuse ) I do not know . 159b int . genesis cave - wider angle 159b saavik rise , pace . kirk put down he food . kirk now that 's what I call a meal . bone it 's like the Garden of eden ... carol only here , every apple come from the Tree of knowledge . kirk watch saavik . kirk what 's on you mind , Lieutenant ? saavik the kobayashi maru , sir . david the what ? bone the no -win scenario -- and with what philosophy a commander face defeat . kirk be you ask I if we be play out that scenario now , Lieutenant ? saavik on the test , sir , will you tell I what you do ? I would really like to know . kirk look at Bones , who smile -- bone Lieutenant , you be look at the only starfleet cadet who ever beat the no-win scenario -- kirk and almost get toss out of the Academy ... he look at he watch again , use he glass -- saavik how ? kirk I reprogrammed the simulation so it be possible to rescue the ship . saavik what ? kirk I change the condition of the test . I receive a commendation for original think . ( pause ) I do not like to lose . saavik then -- you never face that situation -- face death ... bone until now . kirk we each face death every day we be alive , saavik . he pick up the communicator . kirk ( continue ) spock , this be kirk . it 's two hour . be you about ready ? spock's voice right on schedule , Admiral . just give we you coordinate and we will beam you aboard . the other be on they foot , stunne with amazement -- kirk right . I do not like to lose . he click off . David gape at he father . 160 omitted 160 161 ext . space dark side of regula 161 we can see now where Enterprise be : she have slip behind the plantoid , clockwise , even as Reliant be round into the light side . 162 int . transporter room - enterprise 162 kirk , David , saavik , Carol and Bones , hold the semi - conscious chekov materialize . spock be there to greet they . saavik but the damage report -- we be immobilize ... kirk come , come , Lieutenant , you of all people go by the book . hello , spock . you remember Dr. Marcus ... they be move through the room as they talk -- spock certainly ... saavik ( overlap ) by the book ... kirk regulation 46 -a : ' if transmission be be monitor during battle ... ' saavik '... no uncode message on a open channel ... ' saavik step in front of spock . saavik ( continue ) you lie . spock I exaggerated . kirk hour instead of day , saavik ; now we have minute instead of hour -- bone ( behind ) I be take this bunch to sick bay . camera stays with they , hold on david , awed . 163 int . corridor enterprise 163 saavik and kirk follow spock . they stop at a turbo lift -- spock they be inoperative below C -deck . 164 int . another enterprise corridor 164 they race down corridor as they speak -- kirk what be work around here ? spock not much , Admiral . we have partial main power ... kirk that 's it ? spock best we could do in two hour . 165 int . enterprise bridge 165 full crew in place as door whoosh open -- sulu ( overjoy ) Admiral on the bridge -- kirk Battle station . alarm , siren , etc . crew rush into place as kirk , spock and saavik approach the big screen . kirk ( continue ) tactical . we see the Enterprise emerge from the dark side of gamma regula , where Reliant be now a move blip . kirk ( continue ) uh oh . spock she can out - run we and out - gun we . but there be the mutara nebula at 153 mark four . kirk ( study he console ) scotty , can we make it inside ? scotty the energizer 's bypass like a Christmas tree -- so do not give I too many bump . kirk no promise , Mr. Scott . on you way . saavik trouble with the nebula , sir , be all that static discharge and gas cloud we tactical display . visual will not function and shield will be useless . kirk look over the rim of he glass at spock ; they smile with faint amusement . spock what 's sauce for the goose , Mr. saavik . the odd will be even . 166 various corridor , enterprise 166 as the light change , the crew run to they station . 166a ext . space 166a enterprise start moving . 167 int . hospital 167 Carol , David and Bones react to the light change and the siren -- Bones work on chekov ... david I be go up there . bone you will be in the way , Dr. Marcus ... best stay here . Carol and David be civilian on a battleship . 168 int . enterprise bridge 168 reacting . saavik approach kirk and spock . saavik Admiral ... what happen if Reliant fail to follow we into the nebula ? kirk and spock exchange look -- spock I think we can guarantee she will follow we , Mr. saavik . remind I to explain to you the concept of human ego . kirk best speed , scotty ... 169 ext . space 169 the Enterprise whoosh by camera leave regula behind . Reliant now appear in far b.g. and camera begins a move to she . 170 int . reliant bridge 170 khan there ! full impulse power ! not so wounded as we be lead to believe -- so much the better ... 171 ext . space 171 Reliant move to and past camera in hot pursuit . 172 ext . space - series of shot 172 call they space - bys . Enterprise rush toward US , flash by and continue towards the swirl nebula . then Reliant do the same , closer in pursuit . at this moment , half the distance between regula and the nebula have be cover . 173 int . enterprise bridge 173 spock estimate nebula penetration in two minute . Reliant be close . kirk steady as you go ... 174 ext . space 174 orientation , shot . Reliant can clearly see where Enterprise be head -- 175 int . reliant bridge 175 joachim we will lose they if they go in there . khan rake she . 176 someone punch a button 176 177 ext . space 177 Reliant 's shot cross Enterprise 's bow -- 178 int . enterprise hospital 178 the ship reverberate with the near miss . chekov wake up , look wildly about -- bone take it easy -- chekov but I must -- bone listen to I , pavel ; you have not the strength or the equilibrium -- chekov but -- as they talk , David , unnotice , leave the area . the Enterprise be buffete again -- carol Dr. mccoy , I can not just sit here . tell I what I can do . bone ( grim ) you can help get my surgery square away . I be expect customer . she whiten in fear . another shot reverberate . 179 int . enterprise bridge 179 saavik that be close -- kirk ( unfaze ) they just do not want we go in there . spock one minute to nebula perimeter . the bridge door slide open and David enter . he stare in wonder . saavik react to David . spock ( continue ) Admiral , they be reduce speed . kirk uhura , patch I in -- uhura aye , sir . 180 int . reliant bridge 180 khan why be we slow ? joachim we dare not follow they into the nebula , sir -- we shield will be useless ... kirk voice this be Admiral kirk . Khan 's eye bulge -- kirk voice ( continue ) we try it once you way , Khan . be you game for a rematch ? Khan 's eye bulge -- kirk voice ( continue ) Khan -- ! I be laugh at the " superior " intellect . khan full impulse power ! joachim no sir ! we have Genesis -- whatever you want -- khan full power damn you ! and he reach across and execute it himself . 181 int . enterprise bridge 181 they react to Reliant 's speed -up . the nebula approach be on screen . kirk ( dry ) I will say this for he : he 's consistent . 182 ext . space - the mutara nebula 182 we're very close now , and see clearly the swirl , slowly move gas , magenta , purple , etc . there be veil of luminescent material and through all a interlace of unpredictable electrical charge . like lightning , this intermittent great flash illumine whole section of the nebula . our view be move slowly forward ... 183 int . enterprise bridge 183 spock ( timing ) and we be ... in . 184 ext . space - the nebula 184 as Enterprise whoosh into the picture head into the purplish gas -- and disappear into a cloud bank of the stuff . a moment then Reliant appear , pursue Enterprise into the gloom , also disappear . 185 int . reliant bridge 185 on screen the picture be squirrelly purple , break up . blindness . panic . khan tactical ! joachim ( try ) inoperative . khan raise the shield ... Electrical force raging without be also reflect on the circuit within . it 's bumpy , on top of everything else . Electronic whining . joachim as I fear , sir . not functional . I be reduce speed . Khan do not argue . 186 ext . space - purple - series of shot 186 cautiously Reliant emerge from a massive " cloudbank . " Electrical discharge abound . barely move , she feel she way forward . alone . 187 as the angle widen 187 a treat : Enterprise be above and behind Reliant . 188 int . enterprise bridge - on screen 188 Reliant 's image be break up . sulu phaser lock inoperative , sir . kirk best guess , Mr. sulu . Fire when ready . sulu strain , then fire -- just as a electrical dis - turbance bounce the bridge -- 189 ext . space nebula 189 the bounce cause sulu 's phaser shot to go wide of Reliant , amid crackling discharge -- 190 int . reliant bridge 190 roll from the near-miss concussion -- khan aft-torpedoe -- fire -- ! 191 ext . space nebula 191 Reliant be wide of the mark with a photon torpedo . a blinding electrical discharge . when it clear , Enterprise appear to be alone . 192 int . enterprise bridge 192 on screen , nothing but magenta amid picture breakup -- kirk ( sweat ) hold you course . look sharp ... saavik at what . 193 ext . nebula ( intercut with bridge ) 193 Enterprise feel its way ... 194 on bridge - Pov on screen 194 all peer into the lousy picture . occasional electrical flash . 195 ext . space nebula 195 still Enterprise move forward ... a large flash ... a sudden glimpse : Reliant boring in on collision course ! 196 int . enterprsie bridge 196 a sudden clear on screen : Reliant ! kirk evasive starboard ! hard over , but not fast enough . Reliant fire a phaser . 197 series of shot 197 Reliant 's phaser shot hit the Enterprise torpedo room in dorsal fin area of ship . 198 int . enterprise torpedo room 198 a explosion rock the room and ... 199 int . enterprise bridge 199 the Bridge rattles from the explosion below ; sulu be throw from he chair . saavik leap to she post -- kirk phaser bank one , fire ! 200 ext . space nebula 200 the Enterprise fire a phaser and deliver a rake shot -- which rip along the side of Reliant 's primary hull . 200a int . reliant bridge ( formerly scene 205 ) 200 a the bridge be damage ; Joachim and other be wounded ... khan Joachim ! for the first time , he friend wounded , Khan hesitates , hold he -- joachim your ... be ... the superior ... khan I shall avenge you -- 200b new angle 200 B she veer to one side with the impact and disappear into a deep purple mass . 201 int . enterprise bridge 201 sulu be be help by David -- kirk damage , scotty ? 202 int . engine room 202 Bones be there , help some crewmen . the reactor room flash a red warning light and glow with a blue light . the air be heavy with smoke but the door , damage earlier , still hold . scotty Admiral , I have get to take the main off the line . the energizer 's shake loose and I can not get in there to fix she -- radiation -- 203 int . enterprise bridge 203 kirk all right , we will do the job with auxiliary power . the bridge door open and close ; chekov , faint , stand there . chekov could you use another hand , Admiral ? kirk man the weapon console , Mr. chekov . angle favoring David as the other react to chekov take he place . quiet . kirk ( continue ) spock ? spock be bent over the scanner -- spock sporadic energy reading port side , aft . could be a impulse turn . kirk he will not break off now . if he follow I this far he will be back . but from where ...? spock he 's intelligent , but not experience . his pattern indicate two dimensional think ... kirk look at he , smile . kirk Mr. saavik , all stop . saavik all stop , sir . kirk descend ten thousand meter . stand by photon torpedoe . 204 ext . space nebula 204 Reliant in purplish mass , banking slightly , complete a long turn , then boring ahead . 205 omitted 205 206 ext . space nebula 206 as Reliant emerge from the dark blue mass into a clear almost tranquil place . Reliant , move slowly , stop , as if look around . 207 int . reliant bridge 207 the screen be empty . khan where be he ? where in God 's name be he ? 208 ext . space nebula 208 Reliant motionless in the f.g. amid occasional flash . now , behind Reliant and from below , like a great whale rise from the depth , Enterprise rise vertically , slowly pass the unsuspecting enemy . when Enterprise be above , behind and quite close : 209 int . enterprise bridge 209 Reliant on screen , intermittent but clear . chekov torpedoes ready , sir . kirk Fire . 210 series of shot 210 a ) ext . enterprise fire torpedo ; one which hit , destroy Reliant 's weapon pod on top . B ) int . reliant C ) explosion rock the interior of Reliant . D ) ext . enterprise fire two more time . the first cause general damage . the second , close behind blast Reliant 's port engine off into space , debris scatter . E ) int . reliant bridge be devastate . Khan be blow from he chair and we're uncertain of he fate . 211 ext . space nebula 211 Reliant , now a scar , batter hulk , she main hull still intact , but dead in space . 212 int . enterprise bridge 212 no cheer , just deadly professionalism . kirk cease fire . look sharp . saavik power level quite low , sir . kirk ( to intercom ) Mr. Scott , can you get the main back on line ? scotty' voice ( break up slightly ) I will need ten minute , sir , ' till the radiation dissipate . kirk uhura , send to Commander , Reliant : prepare to be board . uhura aye , sir . 213 int . reliant bridge 213 amid the smoke and ruin , we see no sign of life . uhura' voice Commander , Reliant , this be Enterprise . surrender and prepare to be board . repeat ... in f.g. , chillingly , Khan rise into shot by the main console . he be horribly burn , and it be clear that he be cling to life by he will . khan no ... kirk . the game 's not over . as uhura 's voice continue o.s. , Khan pull himself into a chair at the console , one of he hand useless at he side . khan ( continue ) to the last I will grapple with thee ! painfully , with one good arm , he start arming the Genesis console . 213a int . reliant transporter room 213a there sit the Genesis torpedo : light start blink in response . as we watch , the child we meet on ceti Alpha walk to the torpedo and smile at the light . 214 int . enterprise bridge 214 uhura Enterprise to Reliant : you be order to surrender you vessel . respond ! ( to kirk ) nothing , sir . kirk we will beam aboard . alert transporter room -- spock Admiral . scan a energy source on Reliant . a pattern I have never see . David peer closer over spock 's shoulder , react . david it 's the Genesis Wave ! kirk what ? david he 's on a build up to detonation ! kirk how soon -- david we encode four minute -- kirk we will beam aboard and stop it -- david you can not ! the briefest stunne moment . kirk hit intercom : kirk scotty , I need warp speed in three minute or we be all dead ! static . kirk ( continue ) scotty ! spock leap from he place and disappear through the bridge door . kirk ( continue ) saavik , get we out , best speed ! saavik aye , sir . 215 ext . space nebula 215 Enterprise back away from Reliant . her speed be pain - fully slow . 216 int . reliant bridge 216 on screen , Enterprise , intermittent image , back away . Khan smile triumphantly through he pain . a elec- tronic power SOUND have be building . khan no ... you can not get away ... from hell 's heart I stab at thee ... ( amid the pain ) for hate 's sake ... I spit my last breath at thee ! Khan topple forward , dead . the whine continue to build chillingly . 217 int . enterprise engine room 217 spock rush in . Bones minister to scotty , b.g. spock size up the situation , start for the radiation room , Bones intercept he . bone be you out of you vulcan mind ? no human can tolerate the radiation loose in there ! spock but , as you be so fond of observe , Doctor , I be not human . bone you be not go in there -- ! spock I be afraid I can not stop to discuss this logically -- he give Bones the vulcan nerve pinch . Bones go down . spock press the access button and enter the reactor room , a separate area behind radiation - proof glass and metal , red flashing light and a iridescent blue glow within . 218 angle - scotty and bone 218 scotty ( in horror ) spock -- get out of there ! 219 int . enterprise reactor room 219 bath in blue light , arcing energy around he , spock be a silhouett figure as he go to work , door clos - ing behind he . 220 ext . space - reliant 220 the whine increase , the dead ship Reliant alive with danger ... 221 ext . space nebula - enterprise 221 a snail 's pace compare to the escape speed need . 222 int . enterprise bridge 222 kirk time from my mark ... saavik two minute , ten second . kirk ( intercom ) engine room ! what 's happen ?! 223 int . enterprise reactor room ( intercut as 223 require ) outside the glass , scotty and Bones scream : scotty Captain , please ! bone get out ! get out , man ! oh , dear God ...! 224 within 224 we can see the silent urging of Bones and scotty . spock be oblivious . amid the fire - blue arc , he move to the control panel . between he hand and the con - trol , power arc insanely . spock be in a inferno , a radiation hell , fight now with all he strength to control it . slowly , the damp rod move out . spock move to a manual control , begin to turn it . 225 close - spock's hand 225 on the manual control , slowly turn black . 226 he face 226 his face , use all the self discipline he be capable of to control the pain , continue to work -- 227 without 227 Bones and scotty react in helpless horror . 228 ext . space nebula 228 Enterprise still well within the nebula , Reliant a figure still visible in b.g . she 's crawl still . 229 int . enterprise bridge 229 Reliant , now symbol of death , on screen . kirk time ! saavik Three minute , thirty second . kirk distance from Reliant ... chekov four hundred kilometer . kirk look at David , but David shake he head : no way . then : cadet Sir ! the main be back on line -- ! kirk bless you , scotty . go , saavik ! she increase power and -- 230 ext . space nebula - series of shot 230 a ) with a burst of warp speed , Enterprise accelerate out of the lazy pace and whoosh put of scene , leave Reliant behind . B ) Pov reliant disappear in the swirl of : C ) Pov mutara nebula which clear the flame and -- D ) enterprise roaring through space -- and : E ) reliant the whine increase to fever pitch , then : she go ! F ) ext . mutara nebula - master effect as Reliant go , so go the nebula . the " Genesis effect " we saw in its earliest experiment , now seem familiar on a gigantic , cosmic scale . the blind flash at first , follow by the same tumble turbulence of the miniature test . it be awesome . 231 int . enterprise bridge 231 the bridge door open and Carol appear . instinctively she draw near she son . finally , kirk turn , see Carol -- kirk reduce speed . my God , Carl . look at it . on screen and intercut -- genesis tumble and start evolve . a moment in history . kirk ( continue , on intercom ) engine room . well do . scotty ? bone ' voice ( after a beat ) Jim , you would better get down here . hurry . the tone frighten kirk . kirk saavik , take the con . he move through the door quickly , leave the rest stare at the new world evolve . 232 int . stairway to engine room 232 it be endless . kirk run forever , foot pound down , down , down -- 233 ext . space and on screen 233 the cloud tumble and move , new thing lie beyond -- 234 int . stair 234 kirk race -- 235 int . enterprise engine room 235 kirk emerge to encounter scotty and Bones . they look tell he . he see the flash light over the reactor room . he dash for the control panel . Bones grab he . scotty no , sir ! you will flood the whole compartment ...! kirk he will die -- ! bone ( also hold he ) he 's dead already , Jim . kirk 's eye bulge . kirk oh , God . 236 angle at reactor room glass door 236 with stunne understanding , kirk stumble to the door , see spock on he knee , hand blacken , face crack with radiation line and scar . spock shake he head . with a feeble hand he reach the intercom button : filter communication . kirk spock ! spock the ship -- out of danger ? kirk yes -- spock be satisfied ; he fight for breath -- spock do not grieve , Admiral -- it 's logical : the good of the many outweigh -- he almost keel over . kirk have tear stream down he face . kirk ... the good of the few ... spock or the one . he prop a hand on the glass to support himself . kirk 's hand reflexively go to match spock 's on the other side of the glass -- spock ( continue ) I never take the kobayashi maru test -- until now . what do you think of my solution ? kirk spock ...! spock I have be -- and always will be -- you friend ... live. long. and. prosper . spock fall . Bones and scotty react . kirk no ...! saavik' voice ( intercom ) Admiral , you have get to see this ! there 's new life -- a whole new world , a Genesis world -- ! but kirk be past hearing or caring . he be huddle up against the glass , destroy . Bones look on , helpless . dissolve to : 237 ext . space 237 a spectacular look at Carol 's planet be bear ! 238 omitted 238 239 camera pull back to reveal 239 the ship 's company in full dress uniform assemble for ship 's burial service . over the pullback , we hear : kirk in accordance with the tradition of starfleet and of article 184 starfleet regulation , we be assemble here today to pay final respects to we honore dead . Carol and David be prominently feature . David watch kirk attentively . so be sulu , uhura , chekov , and saavik . Bones stand next to kirk . scotty carry he bagpipe . saavik wear she hair down . kirk ( continue ) and yet , in the midst of we sorrow it should be note that this death take place in the shadow of new life , the sunrise of a new world , a world that we beloved comrade give he own life to protect and nourish . he do not feel that sacrifice a vain or empty one -- and we will not debate he profound wisdom , in this proceedings . of my friend , I can only say this , that of all the soul I have encounter in my travel , he be the most -- ( he falter ) -- human . he try to go on , but catch Bones ' face : Bones be stream tear . kirk can not go on . kirk ( continue ) Lieutenant saavik . 240 omitted 240 241 angle - the group 241 saavik step forward . saavik we commend the soul of we brother depart . we love we commit he body to the depth of space . sulu honor -- hup ! all starfleet personnel salute . scotty begin to pipe , a odd blare which mellow into amazing Grace . kirk nod a signal . 242 the capsule 242 a gleam black projectile be carry by pallbearer into the launching chamber , which lock behind it . at a hand signal from a torpedoman , the projectile be fire . noise . 243 ext . space 243 spock 's remain see on they way to the new world . the capsule grow too small to see . the bagpipe stop . 244 int . torpedo room 244 sulu return -- hup ! the salute drop . kirk Lieutenant . she step to he and they exchange salute -- kirk ( continue ; very quietly ) after you dismiss the company , you will take the watch . set course for ceti Alpha V and we will pick up survivor . saavik aye , sir . kirk I will be in my quarter if need , but I would prefer ... saavik understood , sir . kirk ( aloud ) dismiss the company . they salute . she about -face as kirk walk towards the turbo lift . saavik issue dismissal and posting order , but we truck with kirk until camera stop and he leave frame and we hold on David . he finally understand . 245 int . kirk quarter 245 after a long moment , the camera discover kirk . he pour a drink , then decide not to have it . he sit wearily , not know how to shake the ghost . then he see the book . kirk pick up the batter volume , the gift from he friend , and close he eye a moment . almost idly he start turn page , look for a clue . but he can not see the write -- he rummages through he pocket and pull out the half - glass -- one of the lense be break . it have a deep impact on kirk . he put down the book and glass and cover he eye . a soft bong . kirk clear he throat . kirk yes ... come . the door whoosh open and close to admit David . the last person kirk expect to see . david I do not mean to intrude . kirk uh , no ... ( rise ) I should be on the bridge . david be you run away from I ? David 's strength be turn a corner with kirk -- kirk I suppose I be . ( pause ) I pour a drink . would you like it ? david no. I -- I guess I be not what you expect . kirk ( rueful ) I do not expect anything . david that make two of we . ( he study he father ) Lieutenant saavik be right : you never have face death -- kirk ( hoarse ) not like this -- no . I have not face death , I cheat death . I trick my way out of death and pat myself on the back for my ingenuity . I know nothing . david you know enough to tell saavik that how we face death be at least as important as how we face life -- kirk it be just word . david but good word . that 's where idea begin . maybe you should listen to they . kirk I be try , David . david so be I . my friend be kill , too . kirk I be truly sorry . pause . they study each other . david I be wrong about you . and I be sorry . kirk be that what you come here to say ? david mainly . ( he start out , then turn -- ) and also that I be proud -- very proud -- to be you son . a stunne moment , then kirk let it all hang out : for David , for Carol and for spock . he hug he son , hold - ing onto he as if to life itself . 246 ext . space 246 the Enterprise pass the new planet in all its beauty . 247 int . enterprise bridge 247 the door whoosh . kirk stride on the bridge , David with he . Carol be there with Bones ; they be glad at what they see . saavik Admiral on the bridge ! kirk as you be , Mr. saavik . saavik aye , sir . on course to ceti Alpha . all be well . kirk good , I believe you already know my , uh , son -- saavik come close to blush -- kirk ( continue ) yes , well , why do not you show he around and ... saavik aye , sir -- she take he off , deadpan amusement -- saavik ( continue ) so you turn out to be the dumb bastard . they stare at she . saavik ( continue ) that be a little joke . kirk have a smile . he join Bones and Carol face the screen . bone she 's change she hair again . ( pause ) will you look at that ? think they will name it for you , Doctor ? carol not if I can help it . we will name it for we friend . kirk ( quietly ) it be a far far better thing I do than I have ever do before ... a far better rest place I go to than I have ever know ... carol ( soft ) be that a poem ? kirk something spock be try to tell I . on my birthday . he shake he head , remember -- bone you okay , Jim ? how do you feel ? kirk ( consider ; smile ) Young . I feel young , Doctor . he turn to saavik and David -- kirk ( continue ) Lieutenant , new course : ' second star to the right and straight on till morning . ' the bridge crackle with light and chatter as we ... CUT to : 247a the viewscreen 247a and go through to : 248 ext . space finale ( boarded ) 248 spock's voice Space , the final frontier ... this be the continue voyage of the starship Enterprise ... her ongoing mission : to explore strange new world ... to seek out new life and new civilization ... to boldly go where no man have go before ... she be move out now , pass camera and head toward the distant star . she be beautiful and they be beautiful . and as she slowly disappear from view ... music rise . credit roll . the end </ font >