STAR trek written by Roberto orci &amp ; Alex kurtzman November , 2007 1-13 omit 1- 13 14 omit 14 15 over blackness , we hear a bach harpsichord concerto . and then a 15 woman -- breathe hard -- strain , harder and harder -- until finally we hear a newborn baby crying -- and we ... fade in : ext . vulcan family home - dusk the image be spectacular , aglow in dusk light : a beautiful baby , just bear , hold in a woman' hand . it be be clean ; warm water run down its face and body . tight on the midwife ( female , 60' ) who hold and clean the baby as it cry . another , young , midwife can be see behind she , assist with the pitcher of water . as she clean the baby , she say to someone off - camera : midwife he be strong . the baby , now calm , get swaddle . he be then gently hold out to the new mother : amanda grayson , late 20' . a original beauty . she lie on a divan , spend but eager to hold she first child . she tenderly take the infant into she arm , tear in she eye , mesmerize . she hold the wrap baby tight and whisper sweetly : amanda ... hello . close on the younger midwife , stand at the rear of the room . she raise a eyebrow as she quietly speak : younger midwife the baby be healthy . why do she cry ? midwife ( a beat ; then ) she be human . a distant , quiet buzz -- and the elder midwife stand , look into the distance . and this be when we see , for the first time , that the midwife have pointed ear . midwife ( cont 'd ) sarek arrive . the midwife move away -- we push in on amanda , who look up for a moment , clearly disquieted . 15a omit 15a 15b ext . vulcan landscape - dusk [ former sc . 14 ] 15 B a planet of massive , torture rock form , distant city construct atop and underneath they . a hover-speeder in the mid-ground kick up dust , backlit by the sun , as it trace the horizon . we pan with it , revealing a family home , build seamlessly into a rocky mountainside . a super read : stardate 2230.06 . the speeder park outside the home -- 15c ext . vulcan home - dusk 15 C sarek ( late 40' , a vulcan ) come out to the balcony through the rear door of the home . he move to amanda and kneel . he look at the child -- he child -- and say : sarek well do . she look at he for a beat , then say , flatly -- with just enough rancor : amanda thanks . he regards she . know he 's in trouble -- sarek you tone suggest disappointment . the Science Council require my presence for a session regard -- amanda do not do that . you know I want you here . the vulcan midwive share a look . sarek glance at they . nod . the two woman excuse themselves . sarek reach over , touch a small touchpad -- the harpsichord music stop . he say , clinically : sarek as you be aware , the vulcan male be traditionally not present at the moment of delivery . amanda well traditionally , I be not the one give birth . ( then ) ( more ) 3 15c continued : 15c amanda ( cont 'd ) I move here -- to another planet -- to be with you . I need you to be with I today . holding my hand and tell I I be do great , even when I be just ... breathe the best I can . sad that she have to tell he this at all , she just look back at the baby -- find comfort in he innocence . sarek consider this . he move closer to she . whisper intimately : sarek you be correct . I should have be here . I be sorry . and with she free hand , she pull sarek closer -- and kiss he . and the two look at the baby . sarek ( cont 'd ) I have a think . that we might name the child after one of we respected early society - builder . his name be " spock " . she look at the baby , not immediately take by the name . sarek ( cont 'd ) you silence do not suggest enormous enthusiasm . amanda no ... spock. ( smile , touch he face ) ... spock . she look at sarek : spock it be . sarek the child have you eye . she pull back the baby 's swaddle , revealing he ear . she gently rub the top of he right ear -- and it unfurl , revealing a small , soft point vulcan ear . amanda ... and you ear . and off the image of this tiny baby , half -human , half - vulcan , we ... fade out . and over blackness , we begin to hear a alarm sounding -- growing -- and the super " three year later " appear -- and finally the blackness be split by turbo - lift door open and we reveal that we 're on : 4 15d int . u.s.s. kelvin [ former sc . 15a ] 15d with urgency , we move down a corridor with captain robau and officer pitt : captain robau officer pitt -- we sensor have not make -- no sir , it look like a sense of the anomaly ? lightning storm in the middle -- how far be we from the of space -- klingon neutral Zone ? -- 150,000 kilometer , but the vessel be not klingon , Sir , its registry do not match any record profile -- shwish ! the door part and we enter the bridge of the ship -- a flurry of activity -- the massive ship they be approach on the viewscreen . robau move to the center -- then he ask : captain robau report . -- turn to the ship 's first officer : 32 , all - american face , swiveling in a console chair to face US : first officer Sir , new contact bear zero-three - four . captain robau first officer be they transmit on any negative , Captain -- all frequency ? communication appear to be shut down . captain robau first officer hail the ship . what 's the nothing even close , sir. close match on registry ? robau move to pitt : captain robau any response ? officer pitt no Sir -- hail meet with silence . captain robau maybe they be incapable -- any identifiable damage ? officer pitt negative , Sir -- but we reading seem confuse -- 5 15d continued : 15d captain robau confused ? officer pitt -- not only be the ship unregister -- but even its construction material seem unrecognizable . robau sit in the captain 's chair he eye on the ship as they approach -- and we see it on the viewscreen -- the narada -- enormous and threatening . he do not even realize that he say : captain robau ... oh my God ... ( to himself , boggle ) a lightning storm ... then this ... ( to deck ) signal all department : first contact protocol . look like we have someone new on the block . all stop . 16-17 omit 16-17 18-19 omit 18-19 19a omit 19a 19b omit 19b 19c ext . deep space - continuous 19c and in the endless vacuum of space , and in total silence , the kelvin appear as a dot , come to a stop in front of the gigantic black claw that be the narada -- 19d int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge 19d Crew member be glue to they telemetry , work console : first officer Sir , should we initiate a invasive scan ? captain robau that could be see as a act of provocation -- all reading passive -- suddenly , a warning beep -- officer pitt captain robau Sir , I have a read -- they have lock weapon on we ! -- Red alert ! Arm weapon ! alarm blare -- light go red as -- 6 20 ext . space - continuous 20 the narada fire a torpedo -- it head for the kelvin -- then separate , fracture into a multi-hit projectile -- 21 int . u.s.s. kelvin - continuous 21 officer scramble , brace for impact -- first officer captain robau torpedo lock on we at 320 degree , mark two -- income -- evasive pattern Delta - 5 ! fast ! 22 ext . u.s.s. kelvin - continuous 22 a direct hit smashes several deck along the dish of the ship -- 23 int . u.s.s. kelvin - engine room - continuous 23 in the massive engine room , a huge blast -- men go flying in the steel -shatter explosion -- 24 int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 24 Captain robau help a fall crew member up from the floor -- then , on he chair com . : captain robau damage report ! intercut with : 24a int . u.s.s. kelvin - engine room - continuous 24a move with the kelvin 's chief engineer : chief engineer we shield do nothing , Sir ! never see anything like it ! weapon off-line ! Main power at 38 percent ! as the crew regains they foot , the first Officer pull himself to he console , true fear in he eye as he place a inter-ship call -- it 's ringing -- he fear grow with every pass ring -- then , we intercut with : 24b int . u.s.s. kelvin - medical BAY - continuous [ former sc . 26b ] 24b a woman , 25 , answer she communicator -- she lie on a exam table , afraid -- and pregnant . this be winona . 7 24b continued : 24b winona -- what be that -- what 's happen ?! but the first Officer be just relieved that she 's still alive : first officer -- you be okay -- thank God -- where be you ? winona Medical bay -- I have a few close contraction -- I be fine -- what be that ? first officer just sit tight -- stay there -- we will be fine -- or maybe not : officer pitt they be fire another , Captain ! 25 ext . space - continuous 25 another narada torpedo -- it separate , piece hit the kelvin . 25a int . u.s.s. kelvin - engine room - continuous 25 a Chief engineer run past we -- consumed by a sudden explosion ! 25b int . u.s.s. kelvin - corridor - continuous 25 B a female crew member run down the hall suddenly hold on as a hole be ripped in the hall -- and she 's yanked out of the corridor -- the camera finally get suck out too ! 26 int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 26 -- pandemonium -- 8 26 continued : 26 helmsman officer pitt -- life support fail on -- this be the u.s.s. kelvin , deck seven through thirteen ! attemp to reach starfleet we have confirm casualty , command on subspace ! repeat -- sir! u.s.s. kelvin , under attack by unknown aggressor ! first officer tactical officer -- shield at eleven percent -- be we shield even up ? and drop ! ten percent -- that be like nothing I have we be at nine ! eight percent ! ever see -- this ship can not Seven ! we be drop here ! take another hit like that ! six ! captain robau all remain power to forward shield ! prepare the shuttle f-- and he stop . they all do . a fuck face be now on they viewscreen . a romulan face -- the first officer of the narada , whom we will come to know as ayel : ayel my commander request the presence of you captain in order to negotiate a cease - fire . you will come aboard we ship via shuttlecraft . you refusal would be unwise . screen go dead . all eye on robau ... and he feel they . a tense , horrible moment . finally , to the first Officer : captain robau walk with I . the first Officer follow robau off the bridge and into : 26a int . u.s.s. kelvin - corridor - continuous 26 a as they walk , briskly : captain robau if I do not report within fifteen minute , execute general order 13 . first officer Sir , we could issue a mayday call to -- captain robau ( frighten , but firm ) there be no help for we out here . if we be go down , we be take they with we -- you save as many as you can . 8a 26a continued : 26 a first officer ... aye , Captain . robau head into a wait turbolift , turn -- they lock eye , know what this mean . finally : captain robau you be Captain now . Mr. kirk . he 's go . and we realize this be GEORGE kirk , Jim 's father . 26b-c omit 26b-c 9 26d int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 26d all eye on kirk as he enter -- move to the captain 's chair . sit . not a small moment . speak he first word as Captain : GEORGE kirk Lieutenant pitt . transfer robau 's vital sign to the main view screen . officer pitt yessir . in a moment , robau 's vital sign appear on various monitor -- he heart rate , oxygen level , blood pressure , all of it . a low - pitched beepbeep of he heartbeat be now heard -- science officer vital on line . GEORGE kirk ( slightly awkward ) -- thank you . 26da int . u.s.s. kelvin - engine room - continuous 26da tilt down as the turbo - lift descend -- we push in as the door open and Captain robau get out -- move quickly -- hurry down a shuttle BAY catwalk -- 26db int . shuttle - continuous [ former sc . 26c ] 26db robau enter a shuttle -- light blink to life . he move to the cockpit -- start the vehicle up -- captain robau Computer , initiate departure sequence . a loud hiss and the craft shudder as it disembark -- 26dc int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 26dc spark drip from the ceiling , everyone be motionless -- eye on the monitor -- and we be tight on GEORGE kirk -- the beeps of robau 's heart might as well be represent he own . he realize he 's sweat -- wipe he forehead as : officer pitt the shuttle 's pull out of main bay , Sir . GEORGE kirk I want to see he -- floodlight please . 10 26e ext . u.s.s. kelvin - space 26e two massive floodlights on the kelvin 's dish go hot -- and turn , flaring out the lens -- landing on the shuttle as it leave the kelvin , head toward the impose narada . 26ea int . shuttle - continuous 26ea backlit by the distant floodlight , robau remain steely - eye as he move for the darken ship -- nerve -- 26f int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge 26 F and robau 's heartbeat quicken -- the tension they all feel : officer pitt his heart rate 's elevate -- helmsman he 's scared . GEORGE kirk he 's brave . that 's what he be . 26fa int . shuttle - continuous 26fa robau watch as he get closer , the beepbeeping heard over the sound of the shuttle -- but then -- 26fb ext . narada - space - continuous 26 fb all we hear be the low - pitched beepbeep as the small shuttle seem to get swallow up by the massive forward - face spire of the narada -- the distant floodlight create eerie shadow everywhere . a gigantic Iris door turn , slowly open -- and the shuttle enter the narada 's main hangar -- the door close -- 26fc int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 26fc and everyone be just motionless and silent . only robau 's vital sign can be heard , beeping away . George 's eye glue ahead -- 26g int . shuttle / narada hangar - continuous 26g tight on robau as he face the shuttle door , consider he fate . finally the shuttle door open -- stand there be eight romulan guard , brandish weapon . he step down . they grab he , hard -- he 's scanned -- frisked -- pulled along -- and we reveal the absolutely massive hangar , the insane architecture of the interior of this dark , wet , drip ship -- 11 26h int . narada bridge - continuous 26h robau be lead into the enormous , dark bridge . a dozen romulan at control . robau do he level best to portray confidence as he be lead up a walkway to ayel . behind he , sit silhouett and motionless , turn away and look off , be he captain . a presence always feel in this scene . this be nero . ayel touch a panel , then throws a image into the air before robau . a rotating hologram of a unique - looking spacecraft ( we will refer to it as the jellyfish ) . ayel be you familiar with this craft ? robau regards it . then : captain robau who be you commander ? ( silence , then be : nero ) be it he ? ayel you will speak only to I . captain robau then ask you commander what right he have to attack a federation vessel . ayel that be hardly a attack . my commander will easily destroy you ship . if you do not respond to the question . robau consider the hologram again . and what he answer might mean for the fate of he crew . captain robau I have never see it . or any ship like it . ayel be you familiar with -- or better , know the location of -- ambassador spock ? ayel have throw another hologram -- a floating , rotating image of spock , who appear to be 75 earth - year old . the baby , bear just three year earlier . robau be as confuse as we be ... captain robau I be unfamiliar with ambassador spock . ayel a final question . what be the current stardate ? 12 26h continued : 26h captain robau ( the fuck ? ) ... stardate ? ... it 's 2233.04 . ( finally ) ... hey , where be you from --? suddenly : tsching ! nero 's activate he staff -- four large , horrifying blade appear at the tip and nero spring to life , charging robau with a roar and robau' eye pop holy shit and -- 26ha int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge 26ha bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ... robau 's vital go dead . push in on kirk as a scream alarm be heard -- officer pitt GEORGE kirk they be launching again ! evasive ! evasive ! Delta - five maneuver ! Fire full - spread ! 26i omit 26i 26j ext . space - continuous 26 J the kelvin bank as it fire wildly -- another torpedo blasting from the narada -- it separate -- some miss , other hit ! 26k int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge 26 k debris fly trough the ceiling , slamming into a bridge support beam ! Green coolant spews from under the floor grate -- GEORGE kirk I be initiate General order 13 ! set self - destruct for maximum matter - antimatter yield ! two minute countdown ! officer pitt yessir ! GEORGE kirk I want auto-pilot target for they fuel cell ! tactical officer Sir , unable to locate the ship 's power source ! GEORGE kirk then just target the damn thing dead center ! helmsman we get bigger problem : the first hit destroy auto-pilot ! ( more ) 13 26k continued : 26k helmsman ( cont 'd ) the only way we be gonna ram that ship be to fly manual control ! tight on GEORGE as this land . more honorable than terrify : GEORGE kirk -- then I will do it myself -- get to the shuttle , now ! ( no one move until : ) that be a order ! go ! agony in the face as they reluctantly hurry off -- kirk take the Captain 's chair , hit the comlink : GEORGE kirk ( cont 'd ) all deck , this be the Captain speak -- evacuate the ship immediately , get to you designate shuttle craft -- 26l int . u.s.s. kelvin - medical BAY - continuous 26l move fast around winona , in fuck labor now -- be transfer onto a wheelchair by the Doctor and nurse -- GEORGE kirk ( v.o. ) winona -- repeat : evacuate ship and get to designate shuttle -- that 's George 's voice -- now ! what 's happen ? nurse we be pack it up -- you will deliver in the shuttle ! -- and she 's on the move , out the door as she communicator sound -- she answer -- winona -- George ! 26m int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 26 m alone now on the bridge , piloting this massive craft by himself - - George talk to winona from the Captain 's chair -- GEORGE kirk I have medical shuttle 37 stand by , get to it now -- can you do that ? winona yes -- where be you ? hold on GEORGE for a moment as he hesitates -- he eye glue to the screen as he pilot -- 14 26m continued : 26 m GEORGE kirk I be on my way . winona good - - and George , it 's come -- we baby , it 's come now . push in on he , he heart shatter -- have to out - maneuver income torpedoe , piloting the ship to its doom -- still , he force optimism : GEORGE kirk I will see you in a minute , sweetheart . he disconnect -- another alarm -- he turn the ship , fire -- 26ma ext . u.s.s. kelvin - continuous 26ma the kelvin bank again -- its photon slamming into the oncoming narada torpedoe , just avoiding impact ! 26n int . u.s.s. kelvin - shuttle bay - continuous 26n crew member scramble to they shuttle as the ship trembles -- and we find winona among they , be pushed through the madness . 26p int . mo -evac shuttle - continuous 26 p the med- team arrive with winona in the wheelchair - - it 's chaos - - and for winona , a huge contraction -- winona -- agh ! that be -- that be a big one ! -- as they put she into the shuttle bed : nurse just keep breathe , honey , you be gonna be just fine -- winona ( through the pain ) -- the baby , too , right ? nurse -- the baby too . 26r int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 26r as George kirk pilot , he check the monitor -- one read the countdown to self -destruct ( 180 second , 179 second , 178 second ... ) and another read impact proximity ( 36,054 meter , 36,042 , 36018 ... ) . 15 26r continued : 26r another screen that show stat of departing shuttle -- more leave as we glance at the screen -- but shuttle 34 remains docked -- the narada be growing in the viewscreen -- he hit the comlink : GEORGE kirk Captain to shuttle 37 -- be my wife on board ? intercut with : 26s omit 26s 26t int . mo -evac shuttle - continuous 26t the pilot be readying the control -- shuttle pilot yessir , she be -- GEORGE kirk I need you to go now , d' you hear I ? shuttle pilot we be wait for you , Sir -- GEORGE kirk no -- go , take off , immediately . shuttle pilot ... yessir ! shuttle Pilot work the control -- and winona , in the back , feel the shuttle shudder -- winona wait ! we can not go , my husband be not here yet ! please ! stop --! -- but she 's suddenly wincing as another contraction hit -- nurse you will need to push now -- be you ready ? 26U ext . u.s.s. kelvin - shuttle BAY - continuous 26 U clamp hold the shuttle slam back , the mo - shuttle drop hard , fusion impulse engine ignite and the shuttle move -- 26v omit 26v 16 26w int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 26w George hit comlink -- a tone -- then winona's voice : winona the shuttle 's leave -- where be you ? as George evade enemy FIRE , head for the massive alien ship : GEORGE kirk my love ? listen carefully , okay ? intercut with : 26x int . mo -evac shuttle - continuous 26x winona , hold she communicator -- winona -- we be about to have this baby -- GEORGE kirk sweetheart ... I be not go to be able to be there . and she just stare -- realize what 's happen -- that he 's be make Captain -- that there be a evacuation -- and somehow she just know . tear come to she eye -- winona -- no -- no , no -- wait -- GEORGE kirk winona I want you to hear I . please . be you still on the ship ? no - -- there 's no other way -- my - no , you need to be here -- love -- you know all I want -- -- George , I can not do this all I want in the world be to without you -- be with you -- ( cry now ) -- please -- do not d- -! -- but she 's wincing again -- doctor okay -- you need to push . -- and she do -- the shuttle bank and -- 26y ext . u.s.s. kelvin - corridor 26y -- and the shuttle leave the kelvin bay -- turn to join dozen of other shuttle , all head off in escape -- 17 26Z int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous 26 Z as George pilot , dodging incoming -- we intercut with : 26za int . mo -evac shuttle - continuous 26 za winona pushing -- give birth to they baby -- and we be back and forth between a husband and wife that will never see each other again , music swelling as the kelvin turn hard , avoid torpedoe -- the shuttle banking as the Doctor and nurse help winona -- and we be on GEORGE as he hear a baby crying -- and tear come to he eye -- as he say -- GEORGE kirk hey ! hey , so what be it ? winona's voice -- it 's a boy . GEORGE kirk it 's a boy ? yeah ? and now we see winona , hand this beautiful little boy . and she cry , just look at he -- GEORGE kirk ( cont 'd ) tell I ... tell I about he -- please -- winona he 's - - he 's beautiful , he look like you . heartsick , George laugh -- glance at the monitor -- self - destruct countdown be at t-minus 20 second -- oh God ... winona ( cont 'd ) George , you should be here -- GEORGE kirk I know -- so what should we call he , huh ? winona we could name he after you father . GEORGE kirk tiberius ? be you kid I ? no , that 's the worst -- we will name he after you dad -- let 's call he Jim . winona ... Jim . Jim it be . through the viewscreen -- he 's about to hit -- the ship angle within the enormous narada blade -- George scared now -- 18 26za continued : 26 za GEORGE kirk winona sweetheart ? sweetheart ? I love you . can you hear I ? -- yes -- yes , I hear you ... -- I love you . I love y-- -- he voice CUT off as -- 27-37 omit 27-37 38 ext . narada - continuous 38 -- the kelvin slam into the narada -- a explosion begins and -- 38a int . mo -evac shuttle - continuous 38a George 's voice go static -- confusion wash over she face -- suddenly lit by a bright glow -- she look over , with wet devastate eye -- -- what she see be the massive explosion -- quickly sucked away in the vacuum of space -- and she 's crying -- hold she new baby who just lose a father -- he life alter forever ... 39 omit 39 40 ext . starfield - eternal night 40 the shuttle sail away with the other ... hold on this ... for a long beat . then pan over to see nero' ship tumbling silently through space -- debris still raining from the explosion -- 41 int . narada - bridge - continuous 41 mayhem : alarm and crew work to stabilize the ship ( overlapping romulan dialog to be written ) -- we arrive at nero , who , with small speck of human blood on he face , just stare at the fuck hologram of spock -- he 's obsessed . ayel work a monitor , yell out something ( in romulan ) to one of they man -- and as a result : 42 ext . narada - continuous 42 gargantuan " blade " extend from the ship like otherworldly sail -- and the ship begin to steady -- but then another ship appear -- decloaking from nothingness : a fuck klingon vessel -- then another -- and another -- 43 int . narada - bridge - continuous 43 and we be on ayel as he witness , on he monitor , ship , pop up all around they -- which be when they hear a voice -- speak klingon -- and we subtitle : 19 43 continued : 43 klingon voice ( p.a. ) trespass vessel : you have enter the jurisdiction of the klingon Empire . power down and prepare to be board or you will be destroy . eye wide , ayel turn to nero , still stare at spock 's image : ayel ( subtitled , in romulan ) Commander nero -- we be surround . finally nero look up . ayel ( cont 'd ) ( subtitled , in romulan ) Sir - - what be you order ? and we push in on nero as we music build , then we CUT to : 44 omit 44 45 int . vulcan learning CENTER - day 45 close on a young vulcan boy . 11 year old . spock . he 's stand in a abstract space -- image projected and hovering -- question -- that he 's answer as they appear , then disappear : computer voice spock what be the square root of 2,396,304 ? -- one - thousand - five -hunder - forty -eight -- -- correct . what be the central assumption of quantum -- everything that can happen cosmology ? do happen , in equal and parallel universe -- -- correct . identify the 20th century earth composer of the follow musical progression : -- Paul McCartney and John Lennon . -- correct and we find another vulcan child -- then another -- all in this odd space -- until we pull back wide to reveal a large vulcan learning CENTER -- white " bowl " , sink into the dark ground , where professors walk , hand behind they back , surveying this mass " mental martial art " test . we be on another vulcan child as she get a answer wrong -- and the light over her BOWL goe out . then another child -- who get a answer wrong -- and he light goe out . a extremely wide overhead shot reveal BOWL after BOWL as the light go out . 20 45 continued : 45 until only one bowl remain . spock's . he finish he last question . get it right . push in on he as the computer say : computer voice you score be one-hund percent . congratulation . spock . off he face , we CUT to moment later , as spock collect he thing . as he do , three young vulcan bully walk up behind he . spock glance at they , then back to he thing . young spock I presume you have prepare new insult for today . vulcan bully # 1 you mother lie with many man . spock just nods . tries to ignore the fact that it sting . young spock I have no such information . vulcan bully # 2 you be neither human , nor vulcan -- and therefore , have no place in the universe . young spock ( swallow that too ) this be you thirty - fifth attempt to elicit a emotional response from I . logic dictate you would cease by now . vulcan bully # 1 look . he have human eye . they look sad , do not they ? vulcan bully # 2 perhaps a emotional response require physical stimulus . and bully # 2 push spock -- who stumble back , almost fall into one of the bowl . he look up as : vulcan bully # 2 ( cont 'd ) he 's a traitor , you know . you father . for marrying she . spock stare -- we see he fight the urge , but he 's unable -- and he charge the bully and tackle he into the BOWL ! they land inside -- spock cry , flail as he punch bully # 2 ! the other two stand atop the bowl , stunne -- shocked -- unsure what the hell to do -- and we CUT to : 21 46 int . learning CENTER - corridor - later 46 tight on spock , chasten , sit glumly on a bench . a massive vulcan CITY see through the window behind he . his parent argue at a distance down the hall : amanda sarek -- where I be from , when someone hit you , you hit back - - how be that not logical ? -- spock have no reasonable -- they pick on he -- they expectation of be tease he -- every day . physically injure -- -- which be precisely when reason must guide he action -- I want he to embrace above all . vulcan , you know that ... but he have to be himself -- which mean , occasionally , be -- his " humanity " be very the human . source of he ostracism . -- when vulcan get disgust with each other , they never just walk away , do they ? -- no. -- well human do . and amanda walk away , leave sarek stand there . he turn -- see he son down the corridor . approach . and we be pushing in on spock , study the fear in he eye . his father stop in front of he , loom there , look down stoically : young spock I do not mean to create conflict between you and mother . after a beat , sarek seem to soften a little . no anger in he face . take a seat beside he son ... sarek in marriage ... conflict be ... young spock ... constant ? sarek Natural . ( a beat ) emotion run deep within we race . in many way , more deeply than in human . Long ago , they nearly destroy we ... that be why we follow the teaching of surak . now you must choose . young spock ... between you and mother ? 2 46 continued : 46 sarek never , my son . but you may choose the ethic of logic . logic offer a serenity human seldom experience . the control of feeling ... so that they do not control you . young spock they call you a traitor . ( then ) you suggest that I should be completely vulcan ... and yet you marry a human ... why ? sarek be clearly conflict by this . but he hold steady : sarek as ambassador to Earth , my duty be to observe and understand human behavior . marry you mother ... be logical . ( spock seem disquieted ) spock . you be fully capable of choose you own destiny . the question you be face with ... be which path you will take . this be something only you can decide . 47 ext . iowa farmhouse - day 47 bam -- a door open : 14 year - old GEORGE kirk , jr. angrily exit the house , carry a duffel . his angrier , redneckier uncle frank follow . 11 year - old jim kirk nervously pursue they : uncle frank go ahead : go -- run away ! you know I could give a damn ! young kirk -- wait -- no ! where be you go ? GEORGE JR . anywhere but here , far as I can get ! uncle frank which will not be far enough -- know what you problem be ?! ( big luggie spit ) no one ever teach you respect ! how to follow order ! do as you be tell ! ( to Jim ) -- what the hell be you do ? young kirk I -- I just do not want my brother to go . 23 47 continued : 47 uncle frank well I do -- and I ask you to wash the car ! how many damn time do I need to repeat myself ?! how many damn time ? how many ? a glare to George and Frank walk off . Jim nervously follow he brother , pull out a small , floating disc -- young kirk please stay -- you can have my flo - yo ! George hit it away : GEORGE JR . this be not about toy , it 's uncle Frank . I can not take he anymore -- Mom have no idea what he 's like when she 's not here -- d' you hear he talk like he 's we dad ?! and that 's not even he car you be wash ! that be dad 's car ! you know why you be wash it ? because he 's gonna sell it ! jim do not leave -- okay ? we can tell Mom when she get back from Africa . GEORGE JR . she 's go for five more month , by then I will be in a different system . ( see fear in kirk ) you be gonna be okay . you always be . always do everything right -- good grade and obey every stupid order ... ( then ) I can not be a kirk in this house . show I how to do that and I will stay . but Jim can offer nothing . George give he a quick hug and walk off . Jim sadly watch he brother go . 47a ext . iowa farmhouse - day 47a kirk wash a vintage corvette . Red , white top . dump the sponge in bucket , he 's sadly clean , he mind spin over he brother 's departure . devastate . and he 's wiping the soapy passenger window ( sqeeeeeeak ! ) with the sponge , when he stop -- see the keys in the ignition . push in on he face as a devilish idea come to he mind . pre - lap a loud screech and we CUT to : 48-49 omit 48-49 24 50 ext . iowa farmhouse - day - later 50 the corvette blast onto screen , fishtailing onto the road , young Jim kirk behind the wheel ( note : the SOUND of the engine be a metallic whir -- not a gas engine ) . tight on jim' face as he drive -- have never do this before , he 's as nervous as he be determine -- 50a ext . iowa road - day - later 50 a the corvette speed -- while inside the car , Jim turn on the update , modify radio -- scan station , momentarily lose control of the car -- but he 's back on track as he find a hard rock song -- and he's starting to fucking love it -- piloting something this fast feel good . he reach for a convertible roof latch -- then the other -- but with the speed he 's drive , the roof rip right off the fucking car -- Jim glance back , wide - eye -- and the roof tumble through the air , landing on the road -- and we push and arc around , as a police officer run out from take a roadside piss -- he race back , jump on he hovercruiser and take off -- speed after he , siren blaring ! back in the corvette -- bloopbloop !!! -- Jim 's eye dart to the rearview as the cruiser weave behind he -- then pull up beside he -- the cop see a child drive and be amazed -- he call through he PA : cop Son , you pull over that car ! but Jim just blast the radio louder : jim I can't hear you ! 51 ext . iowa road - continuous 51 George , bag over shoulder , thumb out . he turn at the SOUND of the siren -- see what 's approach ... that car ... look ... familiar ... and the the corvette shoot past he , jim at the wheel -- then the police hovercruiser ! George run into the middle of the road , mouth agape -- GEORGE JR . -- no ... way . back at the corvette , Jim yank the steering wheel toward the cop -- who rise to avoid the corvette , which screech onto a perpendicular dirt road , kick up wild dust as the cop arc quickly to follow -- 25 51 continued : 51 Jim be now officially loving this -- and he drive through a fence -- crash ! the cop race through it , in the corvette 's dust -- and we push in on a sign that read " danger - quarry ahead -- iowa mining CO . " in fact -- 52 ext . quarry - continuous 52 we see the massive quarry -- hundred of foot deep -- and tilt up to the corvette and cop speed toward it -- 53 int . corvette - moving - continuous 53 kirk , eye intense , almost suicidal -- this be where he 's be head all along -- and for a moment we think holy shit -- this be how James kirk die . he speed toward the edge -- closer -- closer -- but at the last second , kirk slam the brake -- the car skid -- pivot -- and he leap from the car , which sail sideways off the cliff edge -- falling ... fall ... the cop come to quick a stop in cloud of dust as the corvette explode on the quarry floor -- the angry cop hop off he hovercruiser , hand on weapon , as Jim kirk , out of breath , exhilated , get to he knee . cop what 's you name , son ? and as he stand , we push in on he -- low and wide -- damn if that kid do not have a swagger . it 's like the first time he 's ever stand in he life . jim my name 's kirk . James tiberius kirk . and as we music build we CUT to : 54 ext . rura penthe - mining quarry - night [ former omit ] 54 constant shock of light as a alien prisoner -- intelligent , bi - pedal , but with four terrified eye -- be slammed down onto the wet pavement -- a choke stick shove under he chin -- then : voice . brutal , guttural klingon -- klingon guard ( o.s. ) ( subtitled ) you say they be not yours ... whip pan to see the scary klingon guard -- four of they -- stand above the alien -- chill mask hide they hideous face -- and one hold a fluorescent set of page -- klingon guard ( cont 'd ) ... this federation map we find in you pocket . 26 54 continued : 54 and the alien speak -- a unknown language -- all eye wild : alien ( subtitled ) I speak the truth . I do . klingon guard then who be they for ? but the alien just shake he head , afraid -- he will not talk . so they grab he and yank he upward -- klingon guard ( cont 'd ) you would rather die then tell we ? push in tight as the alien finally whisper , terrify : alien ... nero !!! and the Guards look at each other ... seemingly with concern ... moment later EIGHT guard walk together -- and we pan with they to reveal the horrifying expanse that be the klingon prison yard . we realize that the constant shock of light be lightning , that apparently never stop here . a super read : " rura penthe - klingon prison asteroid " . and we see they be head for a muscular figure , use a sledge hammer , splitting rock , light brilliantly by the lightning strike . boom up to find that it 's nero . and he stop , sensing the come Guards . and he manage a small smile . and he quickly turn to they -- they all stop , suddenly . afraid of he . one of they toss nero a set of manacle . nero pick they up . put they on . and offer he cuffed hand , willingly . 54a int . rura penthe - holding block - night [ former sc . 64b ] 54 a Guards drag nero through the massive pyramidal structure ... 54b int . rura penthe - interrogation cell - night [ former sc . 64c ] 54b nero 's arm and legs get strapped in tight . go wide to reveal he 's pin to a interrogation table -- three guard . a klingon interrogator approach ; loom over nero , study the romulan 's face with clinical detachment ... klingon interrogator ( subtitled klingon ) I have come far to meet you . " the one who do not speak . " ten year be a long time to maintain silence . ( beat ) perhaps you simply do not speak klingon , just as I do not speak romulan . ( more ) 27 54b continued : 54b klingon interrogator ( cont 'd ) ( english now ) but I assume we both speak the language of we common enemy . ( note : from now on , our non - english speaker will speak english , unless otherwise noted . ) he reveal a wear leather journal . open it , flip through it almost casually ... we see sketch of the jellyfish ship , page of complicate math equation ... klingon interrogator ( cont 'd ) we find this book in you cell . cartography , mathematics -- what do this mean ? this date here -- eleven year from now -- what happen then ? ( hold up the fluorescent map ) and why attempt to smuggle in map of federation space ? nero 's face betray nothing ; no fear , no doubt . cold as fuck ice . the interrogator happen to stare at a page in the book : a drawing of spock . he close the book . klingon interrogator ( cont 'd ) when you be capture we assume you be a spy , send from romulus to surveil the Empire . but because the romulan deny you existence , I believe you be much more than that . interrogator look over to the Guards , nod . a Guard approach with some kind of glass container ; we hear something wet flip - flopping around inside , but we can not see what it be . klingon interrogator ( cont 'd ) you ship remain in orbit above we now . we have be ask for its secret for too long . that be why I be here . we want to know how it work and I believe now , finally ... you will tell we . a Guard use tong to pull out the most disgusting creature you have see from the container : a slug with sucker and spike , cover in a grimy muck -- it flip flop . klingon interrogator ( cont 'd ) centaurian slug . they native planet be in constant sunlight . as a result , there 's nothing they hate more ... than darkness . a Guard grab nero' head and force it back ; the second pry he mouth OPEN with he hand . 28 54b continued : ( 2 ) 54b another Guard shove the thing into nero' mouth -- nero keep he eye open -- furiously determine not to be break -- as they force he to swallow it -- he doesn't scream as the wretch thing make its way down he esophagus and into he stomach -- klingon interrogator ( cont 'd ) they try to claw and bite they way out of any dark space they be in . nero stare at the ceiling in horrifying internal pain -- but strain to block it out . push down on nero 's wide , craze eye -- tighter as we slowly dissolve to see what he's seeing -- what' keeping he from losing he mind -- dreamlike , ethereal image of a woman -- her beautiful , smiling face -- she' romulan -- looking at US , eye full of love -- and she turn and we see she' pregnant -- and as our music build , we CUT to : 55-56 omit 55-56 57 int . vulcan science academy - council ante - chamber - day 57 quiet . a wait area . amanda , spock 's mother , stand alone in a passageway . she look off - camera to she son : amanda spock , come here , let I see you . spock ( o.s. ) ( beat ) no . amanda spock . reluctantly , spock walk into frame . she begin adjust he collar . this be we adult spock . grip by anxiety but try like hell to look impassive . amanda ( cont 'd ) there be no need to be so anxious . you will do fine . spock I be hardly " anxious " , mother . ( beat , then , anxiously ) and " fine " have variable definition . " Fine " be unacceptable . she just smile as she work he collar . he see this and it annoys he . he try to move she hand away , to stop with he collar -- he annoyance , she love for he , all sweet -- but he do not let go of she hand . a meaningful silence between they . 29 57 continued : 57 spock ( cont 'd ) May I ask a personal query ? amanda ... anything . spock should I choose to complete the vulcan discipline of kolinahr ... and purge all emotion ... I trust you will not feel it reflect judgement upon you . she stare at he , move . touches he face . amanda as always ... whoever you choose to be ... you will have a proud mother . hold on mother and son , world apart but forever bond : 58 int . vulcan science academy - council chamber - day 58 a impose yet beautiful indoor atrium . spock stand before the vulcan high council . among face on the dais : he father , seat beside the science minister and other vulcan leader . science minister you have surpass the expectation of you instructor . you final record be flawless . with one exception . I see you have apply to starfleet as well . spock it be logical to cultivate multiple option . science minister logical but unnecessary . you be hereby accept to the vulcan Science Academy . a distinction all the more significant give that you will be its first half - human pupil . it be truly remarkable , spock . that you have achieve so much despite you disadvantage . welcome to the Academy . they all start to rise . but spock be suddenly unsettle : spock if you would clarify , Minister - - what " disadvantage " be you refer to ? science minister ... you human mother . 30 58 continued : 58 as the council disperse , we push in on spock 's face -- the same look he have when he take punch as a kid . he glance at he father to say something , but sarek 's the consummate diplomat . his eye command : remain calm . spock struggle ... then make the first spontaneous -- human -- decision of he life -- spock Council -- minister . I must decline . everyone stop . a solid beat . confused look turn cold : science minister no vulcan have ever decline admission to this academy . spock then as I be half -human , you record remain untarnish . sarek spock spock . you have make a commitment to honor the vulcan at the moment , Father , I can way -- think of no great way to honor we race than to attend starfleet as its first vulcan . science minister why do you come before this council today ? be it to satisfy you emotional need to rebel ? spock I come with the intention of enrol , as my father wish . however , you " insight " have convinced I otherwise . therefore , the only emotion I wish to convey be gratitude . thank you , minister , for you consideration . ( a contain " fuck you " ) live long and prosper . he look to he father , whose disappointment be evident -- still , God bless he , spock walk out -- 59 ext . " the warp trail " bar - iowa - night 59 -- push down a hallway -- music heard -- what seem like a party be go on through window in the double - door ahead -- and a woman swoops into view in front of we -- we push behind her in the short skirt and high boot as she enter the place -- a local , busy bar -- the woman make she way to the bar , and we see she gorgeous , dignified face . this be uhura . she lean into the bartender warmly , she smile glorious : 31 59 continued : 59 uhura hi. I would like a klabnian Fire tea , two cardassian sunrise and three Earth beer , no slim -shot , anything on draft . voice ( o.s. ) that 's a lot of drink for one woman . wearing that boot . jame kirk face lean in : at 22 , he 's charming , witty , dangerous , rebellious . he grin at she , flirty . uhura give he a look , then back to the bartender : uhura and a shot of Jack , straight up . kirk ( to the bartender ) make it two -- she shot 's on I . uhura her shot 's on she . thanks but no thanks . kirk do not you want my name before you completely reject I ? uhura I be good without it . damn , he like she already . kirk you be good without it . it 's jim. Jim kirk. ( long beat ) if you do not tell I you name , I be gonna have to make one up . uhura ( beat ) uhura . kirk uhura ? no way -- that 's the name I be gonna make up for you . uhura what ? uhura just uhura . kirk they do not have last name in you world ? 32 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 uhura uhura be my last name . kirk they do not have first name in you world ? wait , let I guess . be it " Jim " ? that make she smile . so he move closer to she : kirk ( cont 'd ) okay , so you be a cadet . study . what 's you focus ? uhura xenolinguistics . lemme guess : you do not know what that mean . kirk let I guess : study of alien language : phonology , morphology , syntax -- it mean you have get a talented tongue . uhura and for a moment I think you be just a dumb hick who only have sex with farm animal . kirk well . not only . uhura you think you be smart . kirk oh , baby , I be the smartest . something sad in that . a burly starfleet cadet appear . burly cadet this guy bother you ? uhura Beyond belief , but nothing I can not handle . kirk you could handle I . that 's a invitation . the burly cadet spin kirk around : burly cadet hey . you mind you manners . 33 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 kirk at ease , Cup cake , it be a joke . like you hairline . uhura turn back . the other cadet , see trouble , approach . uhura hey -- Jim : enough . burly cadet what be that ? kirk you hear I , Moon beam . burly cadet you know how to count farm boy ? there 's five of we ... and one of you . kirk okay , so go get some more guy , come back and it will be a even fight . the cadet swing he fist but kirk headbutt he hand , breaking it -- another cadet punch kirk , then throws he into a table , which kirk fly over , landing hard -- another cadet grab he , pull he up -- kirk slam five fast punch that send the cadet back -- when another cadet punch he -- yet another hold kirk -- and that last punch be repeat three -- then four time -- uhura enough ! stop ! another punch and kirk fly to the floor - he 's out of it , but will not give up . the cadet unleash on he and really pummel he - - and kirk 's spirite , but losing -- about to lose bad -- when a ear -splitting whistle make everything stop -- they turn -- stand in the doorway be a tall , rugge starfleet officer -- captain christopher pike . pike outside , all of you ! now ! the cadet file out , in for it . Pike move to a daze , semi - conscious kirk , now upside down on a table . pike ( cont 'd ) y'alright , Son ? kirk you can ... whistle really loud , y'know that ? -- and kirk pass out . 34 60 omit 60 61 int . " warp trail bar " - night 61 high wide overhead shot of the almost - close bar . only kirk and Pike sit here at a table . kirk 's bloody , tissue in he nose . pike I could not believe when the bartender tell I who you be . kirk ... and who be I , Captain Pike ? pike you father 's son . ( then , smile ) for my dissertation , I be assign the u.s.s. kelvin . something I admire about you dad ... he do not believe in no - win scenario . kirk he sure learn he lesson . pike depend on how you define win . you be here , be not you ? ( off kirk 's look ) that instinct to leap without look -- that be he nature , too . and in my opinion it 's something starfleet have lose . we be admirable , respectable . but overly -discipline . ( beat ) that cadet you take on , they will make competent officer -- but you can bet you ass they will run home to momma the minute they be look down the barrel of a klingon phaser cannon . kirk -- why be you talk to I ? pike I look up you file while you be drool on the floor . you aptitude test be off the chart -- what be it , d' you like be the only genius level repeat-offender in the midwest ? kirk maybe I love it . 35 61 continued : 61 pike so you daddy die ... you can settle for a less - than-ordinary life . ( beat ) or do you feel like you be mean for something better ? something special ? and that just hang there for a beat . because Pike just hit a nerve . kirk do he best not to show it -- still absent - mindedly fiddling with starfleet ship salt and pepper shaker . kirk come to think of it , I do want to feel special . you know what ? I be gonna go start a book club -- pike enlist in starfleet . kirk enlist . you must be way down on you recruiting quota for the month -- pike if you be half the man you father be , Jim , starfleet could use you . you could be a officer in four year , have you own ship in eight . he 's get under kirk 's skin -- but kirk keep up the ' tude , grab he jacket , stand -- kirk we be even , right ? I can go . pike Riverside shipyard . shuttle for new recruit leave tomorrow , 0800 . ( kirk turn , Pike grab he ) you father be Captain of a starship . for twelve minute . I dare you to do better . eye lock ... and it 's now Pike who stand and walk off . and that 's where it hang . off kirk , brood ... 62 ext . iowa plain - sunrise 62 corn stalk whipping by -- kirk on he spokeless motorcycle rocketing across the plain -- he soul 's be stir and he 's fight it -- he crank it , electric engine scream -- 36 63 ext . starfleet construction yard - sunrise 63 kirk pull up to we , kill the bike . camera start to move around he -- he 's dramatically backlit and we come around for a incredible reveal of a shipyard -- at its center , the skeletal frame of a new ship under arclight . unmistakably , the u.s.s. enterprise . unform , raw , like its future captain . we music swell , we push in on he , consider Pike 's offer , he future , he fate . 64 ext . starfleet shipyard - morning 64 the shipyard be abuzz with activity -- cadet load into a shuttle -- and Pike , stare off , wait . the pilot approach : shuttle pilot wait for something , cap ? pike ... no. guess not . he climb in . the pilot rapidly flip through switch , run a pre-flight sequence . Pike strap in . glance through the viewshield ... sees something ... and he smile . from he Pov : kirk on he motorcycle , drive into the shipyard -- pike ( cont 'd ) hold she a second ... kirk ride past a waterfall of cool tank -- stop the bike near the shuttle -- step off , have nothing -- no bag -- just the clothes on he back . shipyard worker Nice ride , man . kirk kick the stand , toss the guy the startcard -- kirk live it up . kirk walk past the startle worker and approach Pike . kirk ( cont 'd ) four year ? I be gonna do it in three . Pike grin as kirk pass he . Inside the shuttle , kirk move down row of new recruit , some of they alien . pass uhura and the barfight cadet , who perk up when they see he -- one have a bandaged hand . 37 64 continued : 64 kirk ( cont 'd ) at ease , gentlemen . ( then , to uhura ) never do get that first name . uhura ( can not help it : a grin ) and you never will . he smile as he take a seat at the back of the shuttle . strap in as it rise ... man' voice be you people deaf ? I tell you I do not need a doctor , damnit ! I am a doctor ! kirk turn to see a man be force out of the bathroom by a female flight officer -- at 34 , he have a Southern lilt and look like a prisoner wait for the guillotine to fall : flight officer man -- you need to find a seat -- -- I have one , in the bathroom , darlin ' , with no window -- -- Sir , for you own safety , -- I suffer from aviaphobia , siddown , or I will make you case you do not understand big sit down ... do you hear I ? word , it mean ' fear of die right now . in something that fly . ' they glare at each other , then the man drop into the seat beside kirk . the ship torque to one side and the man grip he armrest , pale , sweat -- glance at kirk : man I might throw up on you . kirk I think this thing be pretty safe -- man do not pander to I , kid : one tiny crack in the hull and we blood boil in thirteen second -- solar flare might crop up , cook we in we seat -- Hell , some of the damn passenger be blue . and wait will you be sit pretty with a case of andorian shingles , see if you be still so relaxed when you eyeball be bleed -- space be disease and danger , wrap in darkness and silence . kirk I hate to break this to you , but starfleet operate in space . 38 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 man yeah , well my ex- wife take the whole damn planet in the divorce , I get nowhere to go but up . Leonard mccoy . kirk Jim kirk -- you really gonna throw up --? mccoy maybe -- as the trek theme soar , the shuttle ascend and we ... fade out . over black : " three year later " . fade in : 64a-e omit 64a - E 64f int . nero' cell - night 64 F nero lie on the floor of he cell , semi-conscious , look like death . behind he the door open . two klingon guard enter , backlit . klingon guard # 1 the day you have be wait for be upon we , Silent one . and look . no sign of salvation . no sign of change . just more pain . and they both lift he limp body up -- as something miraculous happen -- nero snap to life and single - handedly beat the shit out of the guard -- taking they both down in ten second -- in what seem like a instant , he 's the only one stand here -- hold both of the Guards ' rifle -- which he twirl , badass . 64g int . ayel be cell - night 64g push in on the door as it open -- ayel , chain , look up , intensely -- and see that it 's nero who have arrive -- we push in tight on he as he speak for the first time : nero the wait be over . off ayel , we CUT to : 39 64h ext . starfleet academy ground - day [ former sc . 82 ] 64h tilt down from a glimmering build to reveal a sea of red cadet uniform : hundred of cadet head across campus , mccoy and kirk among they . a miraculous view of San Francisco beneath a blue sky , Golden Gate Bridge pierce the air . kirk strut : kirk so you will do it for I , right ? mccoy I have no interest . kirk I do not ask if you have interest , I ask if you would do it . mccoy I be about to ask you a obvious question : why bother ? kirk because I have fail the test twice . mccoy and you be determine to make it three . we have all fail it -- everyone have , and that 's the point ! no one go back for second , let alone third -- it 's not like you need to pass it to graduate . kirk so Bones : why do they make we take it ? mccoy I tell you to stop call I that . you be very annoying . kirk and you be the great -- thank you . mccoy you would better study for it this time . kirk oh , no -- Bones -- I gotta date . 40 64h continued : 64h mccoy a date ? listen , as smart as you be , which be not much , if you do not prepare -- kirk you have no idea how prepare I be gonna be -- no idea . and with a smile , kirk head off -- mccoy watch he go , call after he : mccoy seriously , stop call I Bones ! ( to himself , hat it ) " Bones " . 65-78 omit 65-78 79 int . dorm room - night 79 in moonlight , a beautiful woman lie on she back , in some kind of bra , moan in delight -- this be gaila -- gaila -- oh Jim ... Jim ... Jim , I love you . kirk ( kissing she ) ... yeah . I send you a message . gaila reach over , turn on the light and we realize : she' GREEN . and not particularly happy : gaila I say " I love you " , and you say " I send you a message ? " kirk gaila -- but you can only open it tomorrow at three o'clock on the dot -- -- what be you talk about ? what be it ? what do it say ? -- gaila , promise I you be not go to open it ' till -- what be it ? tell I what three -- it say ! -- I will erase it , I swear , if you do not promise I you will -- all right !! Three o'clock ! wait -- I prom -- they be interrupted by a door open -- gasp ! 41 79 continued : 79 gaila ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) you can not get catch in this dorm -- hide ! under the bed , quick ! kirk fall , land hard on the floor , scramble under the bed as gaila 's roommate enter -- uhura . drop she backpack : gaila ( cont 'd ) hey -- I think you be go to be in the long - range sensor lab all night . uhura I be suppose to be , but it be crazy , I pick up a emergency transmission from a klingon prison planet -- there be a escape and a ship steal from th -- ( suddenly sense ) ... you okay ? gaila yeah , be run simulation all week , just catch up on some rest . tire . ( fake yawn ) that 's all . uhura watch she . her eye narrow . uhura be you run simulation with the mouth - breather hide under the bed ? gaila freeze , catch . uhura look down , kirk peer out . kirk you hearing be scary -- you sure both you parent be human ? uhura the hell be you do with he in here ? gaila jim I can not help it ! I love he ! gaila love I -- uhura ( cont 'd ) get outta here -- it 's my ass too if administration catch you in this dorm . kirk ( get dress , to uhura ) you and I have a big day tomorrow -- 42 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 uhura ( push he out ) you be gonna fail . kirk if I pass , will you tell I you first name ? uhura no. good night . kirk ( quiet , try to charm ) I think the fact that you pick up a transmission of a klingon prison escape be very interesting . she close the door on he and we CUT to : 80 ext . space - night 80 the narada appear through space -- 81 int . narada - bridge - day 81 Dead silence on the bridge ... all eye on the viewscreen : empty starfield , roiling cloud of methane ice . ayel we have arrive at the coordinate you request . stardate confirm . 2258.5 . nero stand , look out through he view screen . nero standby . ayel study he console , hope in he eye . quietly : ayel Captain ... long range scan of beta quadrant complete . romulus be there . she 's there . we could go . right now , go home ... nero not yet -- not like this . not how we leave . this be we chance ... to serve we people . we owe it to they -- to do what no other romulan could ever do . 43 81 continued : 81 ayel hide he disappointment behind he eye as suddenly -- a lightning STORM -- impossibly , from nowhere -- lot of it -- and through the lightning erupt the jellyfish -- the ship nero have be looking for decade . nero ( cont 'd ) welcome back . spock . and we will not know where we be as music build and we CUT to : 81a int . u.s.s. trainer - bridge - space [ former sc . 65 ] 81a uhura turn to US , at she comm station -- push in on she . she seem wildly bore and almost resentful : uhura -- we be receive a distress signal from the u.s.s. kobayashi maru . the ship have lose power and be strand . starfleet Command have order we to rescue they . whip to the command chair , where kirk captain the batter bridge . confident -- cocky : kirk " starfleet Command have order we to rescue they ... Captain . " she glare , turn away . then mccoy , at a console , report : mccoy klingon vessel have enter the neutral Zone . and they be fire upon we . kirk that 's okay . mccoy and uhura -- and the other -- look at he , confuse . mccoy it 's okay ? kirk yeah , do not worry about it . mccoy and uhura share a look -- that 's when we CUT to : 81b int . testing control booth - continuous [ former sc . 66 ] 81b look at the bridge from above , we pull back to reveal a observation room above the faux - ship . this be the test kirk be refer to . console technician monitor the proceedings . a test administrator turn to another and ask : 44 81b continued : 81b test administrator # 1 do he say " do not worry about it " ? test administrator # 2 -- what 's he do ? and we continue to pull back to reveal that , sit among the technician , be gaila . we resident GREEN girl . she check she watch -- push in on it : 2:59 pm . on she monitor await a 23rd century e-mail -- a message from kirk -- 81c int . u.s.s. trainer - bridge simulator - day [ former sc . 67 ] 81c mccoy Three more klingon warbird decloak -- and target we ship -- I do not suppose this be a problem either ? kirk Nah . weapon officer they be fire , Captain . kirk alert medical bay to prepare to receive all crew member from the damage ship . uhura and how do you expect we to rescue they when we be surround by klingon ? kirk alert medical . annoy , she do as : mccoy we ship be be hit -- shield at sixty percent . kirk I understand . mccoy should we at least , I dunno , fire back ? kirk mmmm ... no . mccoy of course not . 45 81d int . testing control booth - continuous [ former sc. 70 ] 81d close on gaila' watch as it change to 3:00 -- and she open Jim 's message -- and all it read be , " I 'm sorry . " and just then something upload and execute and all the screen in here and on the bridge die -- the system crash -- everyone react -- test administrator # 1 -- the hell 's happen ?! 81e int . u.s.s. trainer - bridge simulator - continuous [ frmr . 71 ] 81e the crew do not know what 's up -- except kirk , who be remarkably pleased -- when the light and monitor come back on , thing be not the same : uhura ( perplex , work control ) -- the kobayashi maru be still in distress ... but ... the klingon have stop fire . kirk Arm photon . prepare to fire on the klingon warbird . mccoy Jim , they shield be up . kirk be they ? mccoy look at he monitor . no they be not . mccoy ... no . kirk Fire on all enemy ship -- one photon each should do -- let 's not waste ammunition . weapon officer target lock acquire on all warbird -- fire ! they fire -- and destroy all five klingon ship instantly . all mouth here be agape . 46 81e continued : 81e kirk begin rescue of the strand crew . so . we have eliminate all enemy ship , no one on board be injure and the successful rescue of the kobayashi maru crew be underway . for the first time , kirk look up to the testing room window : kirk ( cont 'd ) anything else ? 81f int . testing control booth - continuous [ former sc . 72 ] 81 F and they be stunne up here , too -- test administrator # 2 turn to someone off - camera : test administrator # 2 how the hell would that kid beat you test ? reveal who he be talk to : spock be here . and not happy . spock ... I do not know . 82 omit 82 83 int . academy council chamber - day 83 tight on a stern starfleet academy president : academy president James T. kirk . step forward . it 's a huge starfleet chamber . Golden Gate Bridge visible through huge window . 500 cadet , a nervous kirk among they . he stand , move to one of two podium . academy president ( cont 'd ) a incident have occur today that concern the entire student body . academic immorality by one be a assault on we all . it will . not. stand . cadet kirk , evidence have be submit to this council suggest you violate the ethical code of conduct pursuant to regulation 17.43 of the starfleet code . be there anything you care to say before we begin ? kirk ( uncomfortable beat ) yessir . I believe I have the right to face my accuser directly . 47 83 continued : 83 President nod toward the assembly . spock rise . he and kirk meet eye for the first time . it 's clock-stopping . academy president step forward please . this be Commander spock , one of we most distinguished graduate . he 's program the kobayashi maru test for the last four year . spock step up to the other podium . President nod . spock cadet kirk . it be obvious you somehow manage to install and activate a sub - routine in the programming code , thereby change the condition of the test . we happen to find gaila , in the crowd , fuck piss . kirk you point be ? academy president in academic vernacular , you cheat . kirk respectfully . define " cheating " . spock to deceive by trickery . kirk now let I ask you something I think we all know the answer to : the test be rig , be not it ? you program it to be unwinnable . academy president Mr. kirk , I do not see how the intent of the exam be relevant to this proceedings . kirk because if I be right , Sir , then the test itself be a cheat . spock you argument preclude the possibility of a no-win scenario -- kirk I do not believe in no - win scenario -- 48 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 find pike amongst the officer in attendance . his eye lock on kirk . this be he boy . his recruit . and he 's invested . spock then not only have you violate the rule , you have fail to understand the principle lesson . kirk please , enlighten I . spock you , of all people should know , cadet kirk -- a captain can not cheat death . on kirk . the first punch by spock that land . the cockiness slip away as he sense where this be go -- kirk " I of all people ? " spock you father , Lieutenant George kirk , have assume command of he vessel before kill in action , do he not ? shit. the daddy card . kirk , a mix of anger and embarrassment -- kirk how long do it take you to look that up ? spock how long do it take you to program the virus that allow you to cheat ? the President smirk ; consider end this now but do not , it 's just too damn entertaining ... kirk maybe you just do not like that I beat you test . spock I be vulcan . " like " be not a verb in we vernacular . I have simply make the logical deduction that you be a liar . kirk what a idiot I be for take that personally -- spock agreed . furthermore , you have fail to divine the purpose of the test . 48a 83 continued : ( 3 ) 83 kirk enlighten I again . spock the purpose be to experience fear . fear in the face of certain death . to accept that fear and maintain command of one 's self and one 's crew . this be a quality expect in every starfleet captain . kirk absorb that . then -- kirk so you be tell I the point . of the whole thing . be to be afraid ? spock fear be necessary , yes . kirk have you take the test , Commander spork ? spock spock . as a vulcan , I require no additional training to control my narcissism when make command decision . no he din 't ! kirk 's hit guy for a lot less -- the crowd all but " ooooooh . " but kirk be not fuck do yet . kirk you keep remind I that you be vulcan . and I be sure you be really proud of that , who would not be -- but be not it true you people do not experience fear at all ? on spock . he raise that eyebrow . and kirk see ... no matter how subtly ... that he have fuck make contact . smell blood - - kirk ( cont 'd ) and if that 's the case -- what 's that say about you ability to make command decision ? well . look like kirk just hit he in he fuck weak spot . and before this lovefest can continue -- 49 83 continued : ( 4 ) 83 a redshirt burst into the hall -- kirk turn to look -- they all do -- now we be speed in behind the redshirt , who run to the President , hand he a datapad . President read it . everyone watch , on edge -- finally , quietly : academy president ( to all ) we have receive a distress call from vulcan . ( spock react concerned ) cadet kirk -- you be on academic probation pend the result of you hearing . cadet , report to shuttle hangar one immediately -- this hearing be at recess until further notice -- dismiss . everyone 's on they foot , moving quickly , kirk suddenly irrelevant . pike pass by he , all fuck business , but before he go -- pike cheate be not win . and as that settles on kirk , mccoy now join he . the two exite with the rest of the cadet as kirk eye spock -- kirk who be that pointy - ear bastard ? mccoy I do not know , but I like he . 84 int . starfleet academy - hangar - continuous 84 dolly through hundred of cadet , racing to they shuttle -- barracks leader stand on platform , call out ship assignment -- cadet hurrying off as they be call -- male barracks leader female barracks officer blake ! u.s.s. Newton ! jaxa ! the u.s.s. endeavor ! counter ! u.s.s. odyssey ! t'nag ! the u.s.s. antare ! fugeman : regula one ! gerace : pomoroy ! the u.s.s. oddyssey ! u.s.s. farragut ! mcgrath ! leifer ! u.s.s. Newton ! u.s.s. wolcott ! mccoy ! uhura ! the u.s.s. farragut ! u.s.s. Enterprise ! welcome to starfleet and godspeed ! as the last of the cadet head off , kirk stand there without a home -- he move to he exite barrack leader -- kirk Excuse I , you do not call my name . kirk , James t.. 50 84 continued : 84 barracks leader ( check he tablet ) you be on academic probation . that mean you be ground until the Academy board rule . kirk be poleax as leader head off -- mccoy , need to run : mccoy ... Jim , the board will rule in you favor . most likely . ( kirk be just rock ) look , Jim -- I gotta go -- kirk ... yeah -- yeah , you go ... I be good . kirk force a half -smile . torn , mccoy hurry off . pull away from kirk , alone as the mass of newly - mint cadet criss - cross around he . at the hangar entrance , mccoy suddenly stop : a lightbulb . he quickly return to kirk , pull he off : mccoy kirk come with I -- -- what be you do --? track with they as they hurry through the throng of cadet -- and suddenly we be move in the other direction as a piss - off uhura serpentine through the group to spock -- uhura Commander , a word ? spock move away from the officer , a private moment with she : spock yes , Lieutenant ? uhura be I not one of you top student ? spock indeed you be -- uhura do I not receive a gold rating for exolinguistic skill , give starfleet first place over Kyoto and MIT at the Oxford invitational ? a loud nearby shuttle leave behind they -- it get windy -- spock a exceptional achievement , to be su -- 51 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 uhura -- and do I not , on multiple occasion , demonstrate exceptional aural sensitivity and , I quote , " unparalleled ability to identify sonic anomaly " in subspace transmission test ?! spock consistently , yes -- uhura and while you be well aware that my unqualified desire be to serve on the u.s.s. Enterprise , I be assign to the farragut . spock react unusually ; he seem almost embarrassed . quiet . spock it be a attempt to avoid the appearance of favoritism . she get closer , voice low , all pride and defiance : uhura no. no . I be assign to the Enterprise . they eye hold . he check he tablet , make a change : spock oh . yes , I believe you be . 85 int . shuttle hangar medical BAY - continuous 85 mccoy and kirk enter fast . mccoy go through a cabinet , prep a mo in a hypospray syringe . kirk what be you do ? mccoy do you a favor . I could not just leave you there , look all pitiful -- roll up you sleeve , I be gonna give you a vaccine against viral infection from melvaran mud fleas . mccoy fire the hypospray -- 52 85 continued : 85 kirk mccoy ow -- what for ? to give you symptom . -- I do not understand -- -- you be gonna start to lose vision in you leave eye -- -- yeah , I already have -- -- do not stand up yet -- ( he try to stand ; woozy ) -- what would you do to I ? -- you be gonna get a really ( in pain ) bad headache . and flopsweat . -- this be a favor ?! -- yeah , you be welcome . mccoy usher kirk out of the room -- 86 ext . starfleet academy - hangar - continuous 86 mccoy usher kirk to a shuttle -- a scanning officer stop they : scanning officer " kirk , James T . " -- he 's not clear for duty aboard the Enterprise -- mccoy but I be , and Medical code state the treatment and transport of a patient 's to be determine at the discretion of he attend physician , which be I . ( be : scanner ) you can see he 's suffer , he need I as he doctor , so since I be assign to this ship , so 's he , or would you like to explain to Captain Pike why the Enterprise warpe into a crisis without one of its medical officer ? scanning officer ... as you be . mccoy as you be . and with that , he pull kirk past the speechless officer -- 86a ext . san francisco - day 86a a fleet of shuttle depart starfleet -- head out to space -- 87 int . shuttle - day 87 kirk , in agony , sweat , sit beside mccoy as they pass through the stratosphere . mccoy 's peer out a window -- kirk I might throw up on you . 53 87 continued : 87 mccoy you should look at this . and through he pain , kirk do ... and be amaze ... 88 int . starbase one - space dock - continuous 88 the shuttle approach a massive docking station where a dozen starfleet vessel be docked . but the ship we be approach be miraculous : " u.s.s. enterprise ncc - 1701 " be revealed on the hull of the flagship . the queen of the fleet be fully constructed and ready for her maiden voyage . the shuttle glide to the underside of the Enterprise . a docking BAY open -- 89 int . enterprise shuttle BAY walkway - continuous 89 officer move quickly on the ship -- kirk and mccoy enter . kirk wiping he brow , pretty much soaked . kirk Bones . thanks for get I on board . but I do not feel right . I feel like I be leak . mccoy oh look , the pointy - ear bastard . kirk look up -- spock move towards they , not see they -- kirk yank mccoy out of the way -- spock pass and enter a turbolift -- kirk look back as the door close . then we go into the turbolift -- for just a moment -- as the door open and we enter with spock : 90 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 90 spock walk through the glorious , gleam new space , take he position at the science console . pike at the command chair . spock Captain , engineering report " ready for launch " . pike the maiden voyage of we newest flagship deserve more pomp and circumstance than we can afford today , but she christen will have to be we reward for a safe return -- ( toggle intercom ) all deck , this be Captain Pike . prepare for immediate departure . helm , thruster . 54 90 continued : 90 whip pan to the helm : hikaru sulu turn to Pike -- at 25 , he 's the federation 's best pilot . as he work the control : sulu mooring retract , Captain . dock Control report ready -- thruster fire , separate from space dock -- 90a ext . space dock - space [ former sc. 92 ] 90 a the Enterprise move away from the dock -- smaller satellite craft float around it . the other five starfleet ship already ahead -- move into position . 91 int . medical BAY - continuous 91 medical staff prep . mccoy enter with kirk , in amusing agony -- mccoy help he onto a bed , prepare another hypospray . kirk mccoy -- oh , this be not worth it -- I wish I do not know you -- I be itching in my mouth , this be here 's a short - last horrible -- sedative -- that symptom will not last long , do not be a infant . and he shoot kirk with another hypospray -- 92 omit 92 93 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 93 as sulu work the control -- sulu the fleet 's clear space dock , Captain . all ship ready for warp . pike set course for vulcan . sulu course laid in . pike maximum warp . punch it . and sulu do and -- 94 ext . starbase one - continuous 94 the six ship -- one , then two , then three , then four , then five SNAP into warp . the Enterprise , however ... just sit there . 55 95 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 95 Pike -- and the other -- look at sulu , who be confuse -- concerned -- search the control . finally : pike Lieutenant , where 's helmsman mckenna ? sulu uh , he have lungworm , Sir ? he will be fine but could not report to he post -- I be hikaru sulu -- pike ( fuck with he ) -- and you be a pilot , right ? sulu very much so , Sir - - I be not sure what 's ... wrong here ... pike be the parking brake on ? sulu ( half - laugh ) -- no , I will figure it out , just -- spock have you disengage the external inertial dampener ? sulu do -- and realize spock be right . he make it work . sulu ready for warp , sir. pike the external inertial dampener . that 's ... the parking brake . sulu ( essentially ) ... yessir . pike ( laugh ) let 's punch it ! 95a ext . starbase one - space dock - continuous 95 a and now alone , the Enterprise snap into warp -- and be go . 56 95b int . / ext . amanda and sarek' home - vulcan - day [ frmr sc. 99 ] 95 B close on a small vulcan object . shaking , as if in a small earthquake . boom up to find amanda as she move through she home , out to the balcony -- and in the distance , a mile away , be a massive column of light -- like a ray from God , which create nuke - like concentric cloud and massive dirt and dust , slamm into the ground . amanda 's eye go wide with terror -- 95c ext . drilling machine - day 95c look down towards vulcan at the gigantic drilling platform , the source of the plasma ray -- and we tilt up to see that the platform be hung on a wide tether -- and we keep tilting until we see the tether be attached to the narada , in orbit above the planet -- 95d int . narada - bridge - continuous 95d nero stare at holographic image of vulcan -- as ayel arrive behind he . romulan crew member Captain nero , drilling have begin . nero prepare the Red matter . tell I when we reach core depth . ayel head off -- 95e int . narada - hangar - later [ formerly sc . 101 ] 95e ayel enter the massive hangar -- where spock's jellyfish ship sit . ayel move to , enter the jellyfish -- 95f int . jelly fish - later 95 F ayel move into the containment hold -- a metallic room contain a large , float red ball -- some kind of energy source . ayel observe two romulan extracting some of this Red matter , suck it into a tube -- 95g int . narada - hangar - later 95g worker place the tube of Red matter into a space pod . 96 int . u.s.s. enterprise - bridge 96 the journey 's underway . the bridge crew monitor system : sulu engine at maximum warp , Captain . 57 96 continued : 96 pike Russian whiz kid -- what 's you name again ? chanko ? cherpov ? a 18 year-old face lean into frame . heavy russian accent : chekov ensign chekov , pavel H. , sir. pike Fine , chekov , pavel H. : begin shipwide mission broadcast . chekov yessir , happy to . ( into console ) ensign authorization code : nine - five - wictor wictor -two -- " authorization not recognized , please try again . " chekov be a genius , a graduate of the academy at seventeen -- he sigh : chekov ( cont 'd ) aigh , thees be the 23rd century -- what good be woice recognition that do not recognize you woice ? ( again ) nine-five-victor-victor-two. " access granted : intra -ship communication active . " chekov on screen you attention , plee : at twenty - two hundred hour , telemetry detect a anomaly in the neutral Zone . what appear to be a lightning storm in space . 97 int . the enterprise - series of shot - continuous 97 chekove face appear on monitor throughout the great ship , include engineering : crane down 12 storey of catwalk as engineer tend to the dilithium crystal chamber that operate the warp drive -- chekov on screen soon after , starfleet receive a distress signal from the vulcan High Council that they planet be experience seismic activity . we then lose contact with vulcan entirely . weapon BAY : tracking down row of photon torpedoe stack for war -- weapon officer arming the cannon . 58 97 continued : 97 various shot of the Crew at work in different ship local . chekov on screen ( cont 'd ) we mission be to assess the condition of vulcan and assist in evacuation , if necessary . medical BAY : as the mo staff set up a triage area -- chekov on screen ( cont 'd ) we should be arrive at vulcan within two minute . thank you for you time . and as chekov 's message end , kirk suddenly sit up in frame -- he mind spinning , through the pain and sedative -- he try to get off the bed , to he foot , as mccoy hurry over -- mccoy Jim , I tell you to stay d - - good God ! what mccoy have just see -- what we and kirk see now -- be that kirk hand have swollen to almost two time there normal size . kirk -- what 's this ?! mccoy -- I do not know -- a reaction to the vaccine -- damnit -- kirk rush to the video monitor where chekov be see -- use he huge hand , he rewind chekove speech -- replay this part as mccoy scan kirk with a handheld diagnoser -- chekov on screen -- telemetry detect a anomaly in the neutral Zone . what appear to be a lightning storm in space . he freeze it -- eye wild -- look to mccoy -- kirk -- Bones -- we have to stop the ship -- mccoy -- you be not allergic to cardassian vole dander , be you ? kirk --- what ? how the hell would I know ? be uhura on board ? 58a 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 mccoy you need a antidote , Jim , or you be gonna die . 59 97a int . u.s.s. enterprise - corridor 97a mccoy Jim , I be not kid , you gotta keep you heart rate down . kirk Computer , locate crew member uhura -- mccoy I have not see a reaction this severe since Med school . a map appear -- locate she -- computer voice Lieutenant uhura be at signal monitoring station twelve -- deck four . kirk we be fly into a trap . kirk run out -- mccoy hurry after he with a bag of gear : mccoy you be delusional , you know that . 98 int . signal monitoring station - cont . 98 kirk and mccoy enter -- kirk stop , look around -- mccoy come here -- Jim -- do not move -- and mccoy inject he with another shot -- kirk -- ow ! stop it ! and kirk run into a enormous space -- giant steel collector tank surround a dozen workstation where crew member collect data -- kirk race to uhura -- kirk ( cont 'd ) the transmission from the klingon prison planet -- what exactly do you hear ? uhura what be you do here -- what happen to you hand ?! 60 98 continued : 98 kirk hide he hand behind he back -- as he talk it become muffled and slurre -- kirk who be it who escape ? what be the ship that be steal --?! ( to mccoy , indiscernible ) -- what 's happen to my mouth ? mccoy ( work hypospray ) -- you have get numb tongue -- kirk ( impossible to make out ) numb tongue ? mccoy that 's not good -- I can fix that -- kirk grab a pen with he huge hand and write -- show she what he 's write : " the ship - be it romulan ? " uhura look at he -- somehow scared -- as mccoy inject he again : kirk ow , damnit !!! sonofabitch ! 98a ext . vulcan surface - outside spock's home - cont . [ frmr 112 ] 98a epic wide shot : amanda 's a spec against the massive , ear - splitting plasma twister . the image be almost religious . pop closer to she face -- mesmerize , terrify -- suddenly : a hoverspeeder race in behind she , at the control be sarek : sarek ( shout against wind ) amanda ! we must get to the shelter ! she turn to he in horror -- 99-101 MIT o 99-101 102 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 102 Bridge door whoosh OPEN as kirk run in , follow by uhura and a harry mccoy -- kirk Captain Pike -- Sir , we have to stop ship ! 61 102 continued : 102 pike mccoy -- Mr. kirk ! how the hell do you get on board the this man be under the Enterprise ?! influence of a severe reaction to a vaccine . he be delusional and I take full responsibility for -- kirk ( cont 'd ) vulcan be not experience a natural disaster , it 's be attack -- by romulan . on the crew as that land . but most specifically , spock . pike cadet kirk , I think you have have enough attention for one day -- Dr. mccoy , return to medical , we will have word later . mccoy yessir . rebuked , mccoy exit as : spock kirk as you know , Mr. kirk be not clear to be aboard this vessel . by starfleet yeah , I get it , you be a regulation , that make he a great arguer , I would love to do stowaway ... it again with you , too . I can remove the cadet from -- try it ! this cadet be the bridge , Sir -- try to save the bridge ! -- by recommend a full stop in tran - warp in the midst of a rescue mission ? -- it 's not a rescue mission -- listen to I ! it 's a attack ! -- base on what fact ? on kirk . enough . and cadet or not , the bridge be he . kirk fact : the same anomaly -- a lighting storm in space -- that we see today also occur on the day of my birth , before a romulan ship attack the u.s.s. kelvin. ( to Pike ) you know that , I read you dissertation . which be good . ( more ) 62 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 kirk ( cont 'd ) fact : this ship -- which have formidable and advanced weaponry -- be never see or hear from again -- fact : the kelvin attack take place on the edge of klingon space and at 11 - hundred hour last night there be a escape from a klingon prison planet -- rura penthe -- fact : the escape prisoner be romulan , Sir , and it be report that they steal a ship from the prison dock . pike and you know of this prison escape how ? kirk just point to uhura . uhura Sir , I -- I intercept and translate the message myself . kirk 's report be accurate . kirk we be warping into a trap -- there be romulan wait for we , I promise you that . all eye on Pike . he look to spock , who could screw kirk here ... but -- spock the cadet 's logic be sound . ( then ) and Lieutenant uhura be unmatch in xenolinguistics , we would be wise to accept she conclusion . pike ( to comm Officer ) scan vulcan space , check if any transmission be be make in romulan . communications officer Sir , I be - - not sure I could distinguish the romulan language from vulcan . pike ( to uhura ) how about you -- you speak romulan , cadet ...? uhura uhura , Sir . all three dialect . 63 102 continued : ( 3 ) 102 pike uhura , relieve the Lieutenant -- Mr. hannity , hail the u.s.s. Truman . uhura sit at the console -- she put on the earpiece . we have just watch the birth of a icon . she work the control -- hannity the other ship be out of warp and have arrive at vulcan , Sir - - but we seem to have lose all contact -- uhura Captain , I pick up no romulan transmission -- or transmission of any kind in the area . there seem to be something jam all communication around vulcan . kirk it 's because they be be attack . Captain . please . pike ( long , tense beat ) shield up . ready all weapon . light go red . hold on the face of we people -- afraid , heart pounding as they dread what they be about to see -- sulu arrival at vulcan in five second ! four ... three ... two -- suddenly , as the enterprise drop out of warp , the flaming hull of a starfleet ship come barreling right at the bridge ! captain pike sulu emergency evasive ! on it , sir ! sulu dip the Enterprise fast and hard and the spin debris just scar the ship . the bridge shake , but rights itself . the crew sees the narada floating above the planet -- there eye go wide at the monumental ship -- meanwhile , inside : 103-6 omit 103-6 107 int . the narada - continuous 107 a proximity alarm ring out -- romulan first officer Sir , another federation ship ! 64 107 continued : 107 nero destroy it , too . 108 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 108 spock snap to Pike as image flash on he console -- spock Captain , they be lock torpedoe ! pike full reverse , come about starboard ninety degree ! Drop we down underneath they ! prepare to fire all weapon ! 109 ext . space - above vulcan - continuous 109 the narada fire a torpedo and in a wild move , the Enterprise drop and tumble -- the separate torpedo pass right between the enterprise's nacelles -- one piece hit we hero ship 's deflector dish -- another the MAIN dish and -- 110 int . / ext . enterprise - engineering - continuous 110 a crew member run through the machine room catwalk as a huge explosion send he -- and large steel tank -- tumbling into space -- we see the ship from a distance -- the scale of the destruction relatively small -- 111 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 111 sulu shield at thirty - two percent ! they weapon be powerful , Sir , we can not take another hit like that ! pike get I starfleet Command ! ( cont 'd ) spock Captain , the romulan ship have lower some kind of high energy pulse device into the vulcan atmosphere - - its signal appear to be block we communication and transporter ability ! 64a 111 continued : 111 pike all power to forward shield -- prepare to fire all weapon ! 65 111a int . enterprise - weapon BAY - continuous 111a photon load fast by crew member and -- 112 omit 112 113 ext . space - continuous 113 the Enterprise swoops around , fire photon at the narada which take the hit in stride -- 114 int . narada - bridge - continuous 114 the bridge in action -- romulan tactical officer Fire torpedoe , take they out --! and just before we heroes be blow into oblivion , nero suddenly lurch forward and stab out a hand : nero wait !!! nero 's eye be hard and bright as diamond drill : nero ( cont 'd ) the hull -- magnify -- on screen , the Enterprise 's hull be reveal " u.s.s. enterprise ncc - 1701 . " nero light up with recognition -- 115 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 115 Pike on the comm : pike divert auxiliary power from port nacelle to the shield --! but Pike stop when he see , on the viewscreen uhura Captain , we be be hail ! Pike look over -- nod -- uhura work control and on viewscreen , nero appear . cool. cordial . in English : nero hello . pike I be Captain Christopher Pike , to whom be I speak ? 66 115 continued : 115 nero I be call nero . close on kirk -- breathless -- suddenly stare at the man who murder he father -- holy shit ... pike you have declare war against the federation . withdraw , and I will agree to arrange a conference with romulan leadership at a neutral loca -- nero I do not speak for the Empire . we stand apart . as do you vulcan crew member ... be not that right ? spock ? all eye on spock . spock look to Pike , who nod permission : spock ( to nero ) pardon I . but I do not believe you and I be acquainted . nero ... no , we be not . not yet . ( then ) I would like you to see something . spock. ( then ) Captain Pike -- you transporter capability be disabled . you will man a shuttle and come aboard the narada for negotiation . that be all . the transmission end . the crew stare in grave anticipation -- kirk spock -- he will kill you , you know that -- you survival be unlikely -- -- Captain , we gain nothing by diplomacy -- go over to that -- I , too , suggest you rethink ship be a mistake . this strategy . pike I understand that -- ( loud , to the bridge ) I need officer who have be train in advanced hand - to-hand combat ! sulu 's hand go up -- sulu I have training , Sir ! 67 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 pike then come with I -- kirk , you too -- you be not suppose to be here anyway . ( to chekov ) Radio the engine room , have Chief engineer Olsen meet we at shuttle Bay five . chekov aye , keptin . pike let 's go . Bridge door whoosh open -- they exit . 116 omit 116 117 int . enterprise - corridor - continuous 117 we track fast with Pike , kirk , spock and sulu as they hurry through the Enterprise toward the shuttle bay : pike without transporter , we can not beam off the ship , can not assist vulcan , can not do we job . I be create a opportunity : Mr. kirk , Mr. sulu and Mr. Olson will space - jump from the shuttle . you will have chute -- you will land on that machine they have lower into the atmosphere that 's scramble we gear -- you will get inside , disable that thing then beam back to the ship . kirk and sulu share a holy fucking shit look -- kirk ... okay . pike Mr. spock , I be leave you in command of the ship . once we have transport capability and communication back up , you will contact starfleet and report what the hell 's happen here . ( more ) 68 117 continued : 117 pike ( cont 'd ) something you have get only precious few minute to figure out . if all else fail , fall back and rendezvous with the fleet in the laurentian system . ( spock be freak , then ) kirk . I be promote you to first Officer . kirk spock what !?! -- Captain ? pike ( cont 'd ) while I be go we need to keep the chain of command . and you two make a swell team . spock Captain . please . I apologize , but the complexity of human prank escape I . pike it 's not a prank , spock . and I be not the Captain . you be . and with that , he 's do . stride off . kirk finally shake off the shock of he promotion -- kirk once we knock out that machine ... Sir , what happen to you ? pike I guess you will have to come get I . ( turn ; to spock ) careful with the ship . she 's brand new . they appreciate the pure ball of that . bravery wash over they -- they would fuck die for they Captain , who now turn to kirk and sulu -- pike ( cont 'd ) suit up , gentlemen . 118 ext . CITY of vulcana regar - continuous 118 sarek 's hovercraft speed along the desert floor , arrive at a massive cave open -- he and amanda hurry off the craft -- into the cave -- 68a 118a int . u.s.s. enterprise - bridge - cont . [ formerly sc . 116 ] 118a Bridge door whoosh open -- all eye on spock as he enter -- they new captain . with cold certainty , he take the command chair , hit the intercom : spock Dr. puri , report -- 118b int . medical BAY - continuous 118b chaos , utter and complete . wounded men and women , it 's bad , bloody -- a hand hit a intercom : mccoy , badly shake -- mccoy it 's mccoy -- Dr. puri be on deck 6 , he 's dead . spock ( beat ) then you have just inherite he responsibility as Chief Medical Officer . mccoy aye , sir. 69 119 int . enterprise - shuttle BAY - continuous 119 quick cut : kirk , sulu , and the ship 's lead engineer olson be suite up for the drop , strapping on sleek airdrop armor . web belt . chute pack . harness . helmet . com -set . 119a int . shuttle - continuous 119a they race into the shuttle and take seat face each other across a narrow aisle -- Red shirt engineer grins like he 's go on a ski trip : red shirt engineer I be pump to kick some romulan ass ! no joke . bring it on ! kirk nod at he -- subtext : " what a fuck sack . " he look to sulu . kirk so what kinda combat training d' you have ? sulu ( proudly ) fencing . kirk ( unimpress , beat ) ... fencing . in the cockpit , Pike work the control -- motor whine and the craft lurch -- 119b int . enterprise shuttle hangar - night 119b we see the shuttle leave the dock -- 120 ext . in orbit above vulcan - continuous 120 the shuttle soar from the Enterprise bay , the planet vulcan a red orb below ... thruster flare as it descend and now we reveal a incredible sight : the narada : from its belly , tentacle cable descend toward the planet' outer atmosphere , where the plasma drill sub - station be tethered : the source of the drill beam shoot into the planet . the shuttle glide to a hover , 60,000 feet above the drill -- 70 121 int . shuttle - continuous 121 a klaxon sound , signal depressurization of the cargo lock -- the guy ready they equipment , snatching for handstraps , stand on the lip of the airlock -- kirk and sulu meet eye through they helmet faceplate , the point of no return -- pike' voice over they headsets : pike ( v.o. ) pre-jump on one : Three , two , one . kirk , sulu , and red shirt be slammed hard into the roof of the cargo hold as gravity die . pike ( cont 'd ) good luck . Pike hit another control -- as the shuttle bomb BAY door OPEN - - and kirk , sulu , and red shirt be instantly pulled out , into : 122 ext . above vulcan - continuous 122 the three men in violent freefall toward the planet -- in wild spin -- the sense of speed' beyond exhilarating -- rocketing through the void at 150 mph as they break through the planet' atmosphere -- shaking violently at terminal velocity -- 123 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 123 the fall trio tracked on screen , everyone watch , agape : chekov away team 's enter the atmosphere -- spock and uhura meet eye -- this be fuck insane -- and a man' enthusiastic yelling take we to : 124 ext . vulcan' atmosphere -- continuous 124 olson whoooaaahyyyeaaaah ! one by one they stabilize -- falling face down -- straight past the cable tentacles tethering the drill to the narada which give US a sense of incredible relative speed and scale -- these massive cable at dizzying speed -- they angle there hand and feet for control , guiding themselves toward the plasma drill -- sulu pull he chute first , then kirk -- they chute SNAP OPEN -- jerking they hard upward as the red shirt blows past kirk and sulu -- 71 124 continued : 124 kirk olson , pull now , now !!! he deploys he chute last -- 50 ft -- 40 -- 30 and he chute billow out , opened too late -- olsen's fucking body slam into the edge of the circular drill , bouncing off hard steel and right into its CENTER where the swirling vortex spin -- he's instantly eviscerate in the plasma light ! kirk approach -- more terrify than ever -- he come in hard , too -- slam against the drill edge , bounce but quickly get he foot -- hit a button on he chute and sly appear in the fabric , suddenly there 's no more drag and the chute auto - retract into kirk 's pack -- a reusable parachute . but sulu isn 't so lucky : 20 yard from the drill surface he chute get snare in the cable , jerking he upside down -- the wind be so intense sulu be blown sideways -- he chute line begin rubbing on the sharp metal of the suspension rig ! kirk hold on to one of the chute 's cable -- yell up : kirk ( cont 'd ) i'm coming for you ! as kirk try to climb up , sulu 's cable begin to SNAP ! one by one -- and sulu try to climb back use he chute cable , toward the rig -- otherwise he 's gonna fly off . as kirk make he way up the rig , suddenly : sulu behind you !! kirk spin just as a romulan appear -- tackle kirk to the drill platform ! the two fight precariously on the edge of the swirling plasma drill , wind roaring -- and suddenly there 's another romulan from a OPEN hatch ! sulu slide down the cable - - jumping and tackle the second guard and the shit be on : we starfleet heroes battle this romulan to the death -- and sulu kick off a antenna piece and use it as a saber -- fuck swashbuckle at 10,000 foot ! it 's a frenzied assault even the bigger romulan be not ready for , and sulu manage to kick he into the vortex , where he 's vaporized as -- kirk draw he phaser and point- blank shoot the romulan , knock he clear off the cylinder and into the sky , fall to he death , disintegrating as he fall -- against pummel wind , kirk and sulu move toward the hatch -- OPEN it -- as : 125 omit 125 72 126 int . narada - hangar 126 Pike 's shuttle door open . Pike step out . surrounded by a dozen of nero 's man . ayel step forward . Pike stand firm , know this be the end for he : pike I be Captain Christopher pi-- whack ! he 's cut off by a punch to the face . drop to he knee . look up at ayel with blaze eye , wipe a trickle of blood from he lip : pike ( cont 'd ) so much for diplomacy . he 's dragge away as -- 127 int . plasma drill cylinder - continuous 127 kirk and sulu drop in through the outer hatch to find a control console , sulu madly flip switch , no luck -- sulu none of this be familiar -- the interface , the control -- kirk sulu step back -- -- what , you have a idea ? -- yeahyeah , I do -- kirk fire he phaser at the console , blasting it -- 128 ext . plasma drill - continuous 128 the immense column of light disappear , leave only a tower , swirl vortex of dirt -- 129 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 129 uhura 's console light up with activity : uhura the jam signal 's go -- communication be re-established -- chekov transporter control re-engaged -- spock look up from he console , grave -- 73 129 continued : 129 spock chekov , run gravitational sensor -- I want to know what they be do to the planet . chekov aye , Commander -- keptin , sorry . keptin . 130 int . narada - bridge - continuous 130 a romulan helmsman run to nero -- romulan helmsman the drill 's be sabotage , Sir . nero , mind racing -- nero Launch the red matter . now . 131 ext . narada - space 131 the pod we see earlier be fire from the ship -- it whip past . 132 ext . plasma drill cylinder - continuous 132 kirk and sulu pull themselves from the control cockpit back out onto the drill 's outer hull , they start to hear a SOUND ... a high - pitched shriek ... getting louder as it fall toward they ... they look up just in time to see : the red matter pod rip right past they -- SNAP - tilt down with it as it plummet toward vulcan' surface , disappearing into the drill gaping hole -- and for a instant ... nothing . what look like a puff of smoke billow up from the planet 's core ... then a shockwave blast upward , all the way up to the drill at 10,000 feet -- kirk and sulu feel it -- lose there balance , fight for purchase as : kirk kirk to Enterprise -- they just launch something toward the planet ! 133 ext . vulcan surface - continuous 133 scene of destruction across the planet as it start to come apart : huge fissure form in the desert terrain -- crack spread -- mountain crumble -- plate shifting , lava spewing skyward -- the heat and concussive blast shake the camera to a blur -- 134 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 134 warning alarm scream : 74 134 continued : 134 chekov keptin : gravitational sensor be off the scale -- if my calculation be correct , that pod they launch be create a singularity ... that will consume the planet . spock's stoic face . we get only a hint of the wild emotion stirring inside he -- uhura watch spock , heartsick for he : spock they be create a black hole ... at the center of vulcan ? chekov ... yessir . spock how long do the planet have ? chekov ... minute , sir. I would say minute . spock ( beat , to uhura ) alert vulcan Command Center to signal a planetwide evacuation -- all channel , all frequency -- maintain standard orbit -- uhura what ? spock , wait -- she go after he as he move to the turbolift -- uhura ( cont 'd ) -- where be you go ? spock to evacuate the vulcan High Council - - they be task with protect we cultural history . my parent will be among they -- uhura -- you can not beam they out ? spock it 's not possible -- they will be in the katrik Arc , I must get they myself -- turbolift door close as -- 75 135 int . narada - bridge - continuous 135 hologram of vulcan under destruction -- nero watch they , pleased . he turn to ayel -- nero retract the drill , let 's move out ! 135a ext . narada 135 a the drill platform lurch -- begin retracting -- 136 ext . plasma drill cylinder - continuous 136 the platform bank -- sulu fall back , off the platform -- without a chute ! kirk , hold on , watch this wide - eye -- and know what he must do , he run and jump -- kirk fall fast , he 's only gonna have one shot at this , press he arm to he side and rocket downward , building speed , four hundred foot below be sulu , freefalling -- kirk move he foot and hand , angle toward he -- slashing downward at 160 mph , close like a missile -- the gap between they narrow -- sulu 's 30 foot below he ... 5000 foot to the planet surface . 40 ft -- 20 -- 10 -- wham ! kirk slam into sulu in a mid-air tackle -- they tumble together -- kirk 's make the grab and lock he arm around sulu in a iron grip , scream in he face : kirk I gotcha ! now pull my chute ! sulu doe -- it open -- but holy fuck , the double weight rip it -- it snap away from they -- now they 're both free - falling with no chute , the ground coming at they fast ! kirk ( cont 'd ) enterprise , we're falling without a chute !!! beam US up !!! beam US up !!! 136a int . enterprise - transporter BAY 136a the transporter chief work he control , sweat -- try to lock on to there moving target -- transporter chief I be try ! I can not lock on you signal ! 137 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 137 SNAP around as chekov hear this -- watch he control -- uhura watch too -- 76 137 continued : 137 transporter chief ( v.o. ) -- you be move too fast ! chevok -- no -- I can do that -- I can do that !!! chekov suddenly bolt -- uhura watch he race off -- a crew member step into frame : crew member the black hole 's expand , we will not reach minimum safe distance if we do not leave immediately ! 137a int . enterprise - various area 137a chekov sprint through corridor -- engine room -- yelling : chekov move ! I can do that ! I can do that !!! and we take he to : 137b int . enterprise - transporter BAY 137b -- where he race to the control , out of breath , yell : chekov I can lock on ! gimme manual control ! quick !!! -- and he begin work the control -- 137c ext . skie above vulcan planet surface - day 137c kirk and sulu speed -dropping -- terrified -- kirk enterprise , where be you ?!?! 137d int . enterprise - transporter BAY 137d chekov 's manipulate a joystick - like targeting display -- try to match the crosshair on the dropping figure -- chekov -- holdonholdonholdonholdon! 138 ext . skie above vulcan planet surface - continuous 138 a massive sheet of lava , mile high , burst into the sky -- kirk and sulu enter frame , bullet -whoosh right past we , dropping -- 77 138 continued : 138 kirk ( headset ) now now now !!! do it now !!!!!! 139 int . enterprise - transporter BAY [ location change ] 139 tight on chekov as he struggle to lock onto they -- beep ! chekov compensate gravitational pull and -- gotcha ! he hit a button and -- 140 ext . vulcan surface - continuous 140 5 feet before they hit the ground , kirk and sulu dematerialize ! 141 int . enterprise - transporter BAY - continuous 141 and rematerialize , slamming down on the transporter pad , hard and painful , but safe ! transporter engineer gape in utter amazement and relief -- chekov , sweat , laugh . kirk and sulu get they bearing , peel themselves up , at stunne whisper : sulu ... thanks . kirk ... yeah , not a problem . and kirk look up as spock hurry in -- spock step aside -- I be go to the surface . as the console engineer work the display -- kirk the surface of what ? you 're go down there ? be you nut ?! spock energize -- and spock dematerialize -- 142 ext . vulcan - day 142 push in as spock materialize -- the distant landscape around he collapsing , imploding , exploding -- he sprint for the mountain -- the entrance to the ark -- a scared , small creature run past spock as he head up the mountain -- rock fall -- 78 143 int . katric ark chamber - day 143 spock race through the tunnel as the world shake around he -- he enter the massive ark chamber -- see , atop the enormous stair , five vulcan elder , sarek among they , hand place on the sarcophagus - like ark . mind meld with it . amanda be here too , kneel beside sarek -- and she see she son , who be now running toward they -- she stand : amanda spock--! spock rush up the stair -- spock the planet 's not safe , it have only second leave -- we must evacuate now -- and as they run out , enormous rock collapse around they -- and they run through the tunnel , the stone collapsing around they -- 144 ext . tunnel entrance - day 144 spock and the group finally emerge from the tunnel to see -- the planet be collapsing , coming toward they -- spock whip open a tri-corder , trembling like crazy -- spock spock to Enterprise : take we back now ! 145 int . enterprise - transporter room - continuous [ set change ] 145 chekov work the control : chekov lock volume , transport in 5- 4-3 -- 146 ext . katric ark chamber - continuous 146 horror as the world literally start to fall apart around spock , he parent and the five elder -- massive sinkhole appear , like the grand canyon racing for they -- and we see in all there face -- the belief that there planet -- that they -- be go to die -- and spock , try to hold it together -- even though they transport have not yet begin -- look at amanda -- they eye lock -- the collapsing ground racing toward they -- and in a surreal , intimate moment , amanda say to spock , quietly : amanda it 's okay . to be scared . 79 146 continued : 146 push in on spock , look at she -- as the light dart start tracing they -- and they begin to evaporate as the ground drop from under amanda -- and she' sucked down -- away -- as spock reach for her , calling out -- spock mother !!!! 147 int . enterprise - transporter BAY - continuous 147 chekov in a panic at the control -- chekov no !!! i'm losing her !!! -- as the vulcan materialize on the pad , spock still reaching for he mother -- but all he get it the ghostly image of her -- beautiful , holding , frozen in space -- a image he'll be haunted by forever -- as it fade away , evanescing like mist -- on spock as it land -- sarek too ... a mother ... a wife ... have be lose . and kirk stand nearby , have observe all of this , without anything to do or say ... there 's no cheating death . 148 ext . space - eternal night 148 and the Enterprise blast away -- in the distance , the entire planet of vulcan swallows into itself -- a terrifying , unimaginable implosion -- until nothing be there but darkness . and over this we hear : spock ( v.o. ) acting Captain 's log . stardate 2256.42 : I have assume command of the Enterprise . 149-50 MIT o 149-50 151 int . enterprise - sick BAY - continuous 151 SHOCK . the kind that crash after the world 's change . in triage , the bay 's fill with wounded Enterprise officer . the vulcan elder and sarek be examine as well . kirk sit here , get he hand bandage from the fight . during this , he look up , see one of the elder be treat for a slight wound -- she GREEN blood see through the bandage ... spock ( v.o. ) we have hear no word from Captain Pike . I have therefore classified he a hostage of the war criminal know as nero . 80 151a int . enterprise - bridge 151a spock sit in the captain 's chair , report . he 's glassy - eye , stare at nothing as he speak . behind he , uhura sit , watch , concerned . spock nero , who have destroy my home planet . and most of its six billion inhabitant . I estimate no more than ten thousand survive . ( beat ) while the essence of we culture have be save , in the elder who now reside upon this ship ... I be now a member of a endangered species . spock consider this . click off the log recorder . spock move off , into the turbolift -- uhura follow he -- 152 int . turbolift - continuous 152 spock and uhura . silence hang . she glance over , want to say so much , but not to invade what must be the worst moment of he life . he look at she , with kind eye . and uhura do something odd -- she stop the lift . spock look over as she wordlessly reach out and put she arm around he . just hold he . kiss he face with utter tenderness and comfort , which he let she do ... and we realize , this be why the intimacy before -- this be they secret ... uhura I be so sorry . spock look off , take comfort , bewilder and lose ... uhura ( cont 'd ) what can I do ? tell I what you need . spock ... I need ... he 's on the verge of some emotional release ... but self - consciousness return and he clamp up , start the lift again : spock ( cont 'd ) I need for we all to continue perform admirably . he look at she again -- give she another kiss . the door open and he exit . she watch he go -- and the door close on she . 81 152a int . enterprise - corridor 152a kirk come down the hall , stretch he hand bandage -- when he stop . stand at the other end of the corridor , operate a datapad be a familiar - look GREEN girl . guilt overcome he . after a beat he move to she . awkward . kirk hey. ( she turn to he ) listen , about what happen at starfleet . the test and everything -- I know it look like I be ... use you , or whatever . and I be sorry . I really be . and ... I just hope you will forgive I . she just stare at he for a long beat , as if she 's just piss . but kirk 's face change ... and then he say : kirk ( cont 'd ) ... you be not gaila , be you ? not gaila ( piss ) no. kirk ( nod ) sorry . and he walk off . ( note : alt . version have gaila saying , " I 'm not gaila . " ) 153 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 153 uhura at she station , scan for enemy signal -- all of we principal be here , in debate : spock Lieutenant , have you confirm that nero be head for Earth ? uhura they trajectory suggest no other destination , Captain . kirk Earth may be he next stop , but we have to assume every federation planet 's a target . chekov yes , agree -- but why do not they destroy we ? 82 153 continued : 153 sulu why waste a weapon ? we be not a threat . spock that 's not it . he say he want I to see something . the destruction of my home planet . mccoy and how the hell do they do that by the way ? when do they jump so far ahead in the arm race ? spock the engineering comprehension necessary to artificially create a black hole may suggest the answer : such technology could theoretically be manipulate to create a tunnel through space time . mccoy damnit , man , I be a doctor , not a physicist -- be you suggest they be from the future ? kirk that be what he 's suggest and I do not buy it . spock if you eliminate the impossible , whatever remain -- however improbable -- must be the truth . mccoy how poetic . kirk then what would a angry future romulan want with Captain Pike ? sulu as Admiral he know detail of starfleet 's defense . kirk what we need to do be catch up to that ship . disable it , take it over and get Pike back . they be all look at kirk like he 's nut . 82a 153 continued : ( 2 ) 153 mccoy ( bitingly ) fantastic , I be in . spock Captain Pike leave we with stand order to rendezvous with the fleet on the other side of the quadrant . ( more ) 83 153 continued : ( 3 ) 153 spock ( cont 'd ) we be technologically outmatch in every way . a rescue attempt would be illogical . kirk " illogical " -- you be funny . chekov not to mention we could not do it anyway : nero 's ship would have to drop out of warp for we to overtake they -- kirk -- what about assign Engineering crew to try and boost we warp yield ? spock kirk remain power and crew be be use to repair radiation leak on the lower deck and damage to the main deflector shield -- without which we cannot communicate with -- okay - - okay , okayokayokay -- starfleet . there 's gotta be some way ! spock we must gather with the rest of starfleet to balance the term of we next engagement -- kirk there will not be a next engagement , spock : by the time we have " gather " , it will be too late -- how many planet be you willing to risk ? you say he 's from the future ? know what 's gonna happen ? then the logical thing be to be unpredictable . spock you be assume nero know how event be predict to unfold . the contrary : nero 's very presence have alter the flow of history , beginning with the attack on the u.s.s. kelvin , culminate in the event of today -- thereby create a new chain of incident that cannot be anticipate by either party . mccoy do anyone understand he ? uhura ( stunne ) ... a alternate reality . 84 153 continued : ( 4 ) 153 spock precisely . whatever life we might have live , if the time continuum be disrupt ... we destiny have change . ( then : ) Mr. sulu , plot a course for the laurentian system , warp factor Three -- kirk spock -- wait -- do not do that -- spock -- run back to the rest of the fleet for a confab be a massive waste of time -- -- this be the order -- he also order we to go Captain Pike issue when he back and get he ! spock , leave ship -- you be Captain now --! -- I be aware of my -- every second we waste , responsibility , Mr. kirk ! nero 's get closer to he next target --! -- that be correct -- and why I be instruct you to accept -- I will not allow we to go that I alone be in command . backwards , away from the problem , instead of hunt -- then I must remove you from nero down ! this ship . if I confine you to the brig , you will likely escape . Mr. chekov : have transportation prepare a deployment capsule . Mr. sulu , escort he out . for a beat , nobody move -- a impossible choice for all of they . torn , chekov and sulu close in on kirk -- sulu I be sorry . kirk yeah , do not worry ab -- -- but kirk swing , sulu jerk , faster , spin , grab kirk 's wrist ! kirk elbow he as chekov reach for he phaser but kirk slam he , the phaser drop -- kirk reach for it but spock 's finger clamp on kirk 's neck : the vulcan pinch : black . 154 int . narada - torture room 154 on pike' face , strapped to a table . nero look down upon he . 84a 154 continued : 154 nero you be only the second human I have ever meet , face to face . you must have so many question for I . ( more ) 85 154 continued : ( 2 ) 154 nero ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I only have one for you . I need the subspace frequency of starfleet 's border detection grid . specifically that surround Earth . Pike look up at he -- quiet rage . then -- pike Christopher Pike -- Captain , u.s.s. Enterprise , registry ncc -1701 . nero Christopher . ( beat ; hardcore ) answer my question . pike no . you answer for the genocide you just commit on a peaceful planet -- nero I prevent genocide . ( beat , calm ) where I come from , Christopher ... this ship be just a mining vessel . I choose a life of honest labor to provide for myself ... and the wife who be carry my child . ( beat ) I sit here now ... know you as enemy . not just of today . but of tomorrow . I watch as you federation do nothing . they let we burn to death ... as we planet break in half . curiosity behind Pike 's eye . pike then nero , you be confuse . romulus have not be destroy . how can you blame the federation for something that have not happen --? nero it do happen . I remember it . I ... feel it . ( then ; pain ) when I lose she ... I promise myself I would not speak another word until the day of my retribution . in twenty five year I forget the sound of my own voice ... but I do not forget the pain . that feel can not be erase . ( more ) 86 154 continued : ( 3 ) 154 nero ( cont 'd ) ( turn to anger now ) a feel that every survive vulcan now share . Pike just look at he . see how fuck far gone he be . pike if what you say be true ... you can save romulus . you have a second chance to -- nero -- yes , which be a gift I will not waste on mercy . ( beat ) my purpose , Christopher , be not simply to avoid the destruction of the home I love ... ( beat ) ... but to create a romulus which exist , free of the federation . only then will she be save . and the " she " could refer to the planet ... or to nero 's lose love . either way , Pike know a lose battle when he 's fight one . ever so nobly , he quietly say -- pike then we have nothing more to discuss . nero reach for something under the counter Pike lie upon . retrieve a familiar glass container -- inside -- dozen of centaurian slug , the very one use on nero . nero it 's not the fault of the human race that starfleet choose Earth as its center . you be a more noble race than my fall cousin . I will take no pleasure in you extinction . pike how reassure . nero open the container , reach for a pair of tong nero the frequency , please . pike Christopher Pike -- Captain , u.s.s. Enterprise , registry ncc -1701 . nero sad-smile . what he expect . 87 154 continued : ( 4 ) 154 nero as you wish . a romulan guard hold pike' mouth -- nero use the tong -- and off pike' expression -- 155 int . shuttle craft - continuous 155 we Pov be blurry . we come into focus on a blink instrument panel . kirk be stir awake , he shoulder kill . he sit up : inside a one -man pod craft . he wipe the glass -- look up -- like a tunnel of snow , 30 foot long , to the sky . the podcraft embedded on the surface of a vast , ice planet . kirk 's be marooned . he close he eye , he face fall ... kirk Computer ... where be I ? computer voice current location Delta vega : class " m " Planet , unsafe . you have be order to remain in you pod until retrieve by starfleet authority . kirk bite I , how 's that . the canopy rise -- a blast of cold air hit kirk -- with some agony , out he go -- he climb up the tube of snow -- and get to the surface -- look out . he's in the middle of fucking nowhere . finally : kirk ( cont 'd ) sonofabitch -bitch -bitch ! there's nothing here !!! you neck - pinching motherf --!!! smash CUT to : 156-7 omit 156-7 158 ext . delta vega - planet surface - continuous 158 tracking along a massive ice sheet ... kirk enter frame walk along , cold , piss ... whip out a tricorder , speak into it : kirk Lieutenant 's log , supplemental : I be prepare a testimonial for my starfleet court martial assume there 's still a starfleet leave . from overhead , what we see -- what kirk do not -- be something huge , slithering underwater beneath the ice -- 88 158 continued : 158 kirk ( cont 'd ) acting Captain spock -- whose only form of expression 's apparently limited to he leave damn eyebrow -- have maroon I on Delta vega in what I believe to be a violation of security protocol 49.09 , govern the treatment of prisoner aboard a st -- 159 ext . delta vega - planet surface - continuous 159 kirk freeze at a nearby growl . he look -- see nothing -- then another growl -- he turn -- some thirty foot away , a eleven foot - tall cross between a polar bear and a gorilla ( it 's a polarilla ) step out from behind a mass of ice . see kirk . it 's horrifying . kirk take a slow , SMALL step backward -- and the fuck thing charge he -- kirk run , terrified -- and the polarilla pursue -- gain -- it 's gonna eat he alive when suddenly -- whatever be beneath the ice earlier explode up through it -- it's nearly 30 feet tall , red , hundred of eye -- it smack the polarilla away like nothing as kirk fall to the ice and turn back -- holy shit ! this thing be so much worse ! it roar as kirk get to he feet and run , scream -- kirk haul ass as the thing come after he -- then suddenly he fall -- drop -- and we see that kirk be falling down a massive snow mountain ! the huge red creature stop at the edge and roar loudly -- until the ice shelf break away ! the creature start to fall as well ! now kirk be tumbling , the immense creature tumbling not far behind ! and kirk land on the ice , hard -- see a distant cave . look up at the flailing creature that be about to crush he -- kirk try to run , but the ice be too slippery -- finally he get foot and run off toward the cave -- as the red creature land hard -- its sharp spear limb stab into the ice as it pursue kirk -- 160 int . cave - day 160 kirk race through the darken cave -- the creature come after he -- kirk go as fast as he can -- the creature reach out and fuck grab he -- pull he toward the disgusting , wet , teethy mouth -- kirk try to hold on to anything he can -- but he 's fuck lunch -- and just as you be scream , there 's light -- FIRE light -- and a figure appear , waving a torch -- and the red creature 's eye all go wild -- and it drop kirk and back off , afraid -- the figure chase it until it 's go . kirk , on the ground , be freak out , out of breath , and can not take he eye off this man ... who say : 89 160 continued : 160 figure the hen- gra . notoriously afraid of heat . 161 int . cave - day 161 and the figure turn ... we may have recognize the voice . it's spock . as in nimoy . here . lit in the darkness by the fire . we will refer to he as spock prime . he look at kirk -- move closer to he -- finally see he . and be amaze ... kirk hey ... thank you ... spock prime ... Jim ? kirk ( stunne ) -- how d' you know my name ? spock prime how do you find I --? do starfleet know of my presence ? kirk how do you know my name ? spock look deep into the eye of the freak out young man , feel the full effect of fate play its hand , but realize he do not recognize he ... spock prime I have be ... and always shall be ... you friend . kirk -- no , I do not know you -- the only vulcan I know be not exactly a buddy . of all the thing spock predict kirk might say , it be not that . he 's analyze a thousand step ahead , calculate : spock prime you be James T. kirk . you father be George , as be you brother . you mother 's name be winona -- you be bear in 2233 -- kirk stop. please . I do not understand . as spock nod , we pre - lap : 90 161 continued : 161 spock prime ... I be spock . one hundred and thirty year senior to the vulcan you know . kirk ( beat , beat , beat ) bullshit . 161a int . cave - night 161a firelight flicker -- shadow of kirk and spock Prime dance on the ice wall . remarkable night star outside . spock prime it 's remarkably pleasing to see you again . ( be : vulcan ) ... especially after the event of today . kirk Old friend . Sir , I do not have any idea how you know what you know . but I do not know you and if you be spock we be not friend . you hate I . you maroon I here for mutiny ... spock prime mutiny ? you be not the Captain ? kirk you be the captain . Pike be take hostage . spock prime ( realize , grave ) ... by nero. kirk what do you know about he ? spock prime ( guilty , burden ) ... he be a remarkably ... ( more ) 91 161a continued : 161a spock prime ( cont 'd ) troubled romulan . ( then ) ... please . allow I -- it will be easier -- spock Prime reach for kirk 's face -- kirk grab he wrist -- kirk what be you do --? a skeptical beat , but kirk finally release he hand . spock gently place he finger on kirk 's cheek and temple -- spock prime ( whisper ; a mantra ) we mind ... one and together ... one hundred and twenty - seven year from now everything end . spock 's eye SNAP shut , kirk jolt as if by a electric charge -- and the screen overexposes to white as we CUT to we mind meld sequence : 162 ext . space - night 162 a supernova . a exploding STAR , like a light , eating away at all around it -- spock prime ( v.o. ) a star in beta quadrant will go supernova -- and like a cancer leave untreated ... it will grow ... and destroy everything . 162a int . vulcan science academy 162a now we be see vulcan science academy -- where six vulcan scientist study a hologram of this event -- the star 's origin , its path of destruction -- and spock prime be among they -- spock prime ( v.o. ) I see the beginning of it myself . vulcan Science Academy devise a plan to stop it . 162b ext . vulcan shipyard - night 162b push in as the jellyfish ship be under construction -- 92 162b continued : 162b spock prime ( v.o. ) we build a ship contain a material capable of generate the only thing powerful enough to consume a supernova . a black hole . 163 int . jellyfish - containment hold - night 163 now we be inside the ship -- the containment hold -- be assembled by vulcan scientist -- spock prime ( v.o. ) I agree to pilot the ship . know I would not return . 164 now we see spock Prime , in a ritual ceremony of a vulcan 164 kamikaze pilot . tea , sipped inside the ark -- spock prime ( v.o. ) my sacrifice , in service of all race , seem only logical . now spock Prime sit in the jellyfish cockpit -- spock prime ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) unfortunately ... before I could begin the mission ... the supernova destroy romulus . 165 omit 165 166 -- and suddenly we be out of the mind meld as kirk grab spock 166 prime's hand again : kirk nero 's planet be destroy -- spock prime yes . he of course blame we . believe vulcan allow he planet to die . which be hardly the case . let I continue . kirk spock prime this annoys I , I do not like -- I know , I know , I be not it -- do we have to do it like surprised to hear you complain this --? -- allow I to finish . spock Prime touch kirk again and we go : 93 167 ext . space 167 -- the jellyfish swoops past US -- and we pan -- and see the massive supernova in the infinite distance -- no sense of scale here -- but then -- the narada appear -- fire torpedoe at the jellyfish . spock prime ( v.o. ) nero come after I . determined to thwart my mission . if romulus be allow to die , he say ... all planet should share its fate . 167a spock prime in the cockpit , rocked as torpedoe explode 167a closely . tight on spock prime as he mind race -- spock prime ( v.o. ) I need a exit . I know if this mission fail ... everyone , everywhere ... would lose everything . spock Prime leave the cockpit -- 167b int . jellyfish - containment hold 167b Prime enter a airlock -- tumble in weightlessness and enter the containment room . quick cut as he remove red matter from the hold -- spock prime ( v.o. ) I realize : a large black hole could destroy the supernova . a smaller one ... could be my escape . could send I back in time , allow I to complete my mission . so I create a black hole ... spock load the cannister with a small amount of red matter into a jettison tube -- 167c ext . jellyfish - space - night 167c -- and he fire the cannister into space -- 167d ext . jellyfish - cockpit - night 167d spock Prime back in the cockpit -- take aim on he control and fire at the cannister -- 167e ext . jellyfish / narada - space - night 167e a black hole be create -- spock Prime pilot toward the hole -- 94 167e continued : 167e spock prime ( v.o. ) nero must have understand what I be try to do . because he begin racing for it . the narada and the jellyfish aim for the black hole -- 167f omit 167f 167g int . jellyfish - cockpit - night 167g spock Prime watch as the narada goe in -- lightning STORM - style disappearing first -- then spock prime's face -- white with lightning -- overexposed -- spock prime ( v.o. ) nero simply get to it first . how long I be travel ... I could not tell you . it be timeless . but when I arrive ... light on spock Prime 's face go away -- he and the jellyfish be back in space -- 168-9 omit 168-9 170 ext . space - night 170 -- but now , face he , be the narada . spock prime ( v.o. ) nero be wait for I . 171-3 omit 171-3 174 int . cave - day 174 kirk inhales , sharply , have be there with spock Prime . back to the two man , in a cave : kirk stare at he ... he mind spin because now he believe he . the result be overwhelmingly emotional . spock prime forgive I ... emotional transference be a effect of the mind meld . 95 174 continued : 174 kirk ( sympathy , surprise ) ... so you do feel ... spock prime " cthia " be the stricture that bind we emotion ... but few of we be that perfectly vulcan . kirk gather himself , wipe he eye on he sleeve ... kirk go back in time ... you change all we life . spock prime yet remarkably , event within we timeline , characteristic , people ... seem to overlap significantly . tell I about the rest of the crew ? chekov -- uhura --? kirk tactical and Communications -- spock prime -- sulu -- kirk -- he 's the helmsman , why ? spock prime Dr. mccoy would assert we meeting here be not a matter of coincidence ... but rather , indication of a higher purpose . kirk ... he would call it a damn miracle . spock prime yes he would . perhaps the time stream 's way of attempt to mend itself . in both we history , the same crew find its way onto the same ship in a time of ultimate crisis -- therein lie we advantage . ( rise ) we must go -- there 's a starfleet outpost not far from here . but kirk stand -- stop he : 96 174 continued : ( 2 ) 174 kirk where you come from ... do I know my father ? spock prime ... yes . you often speak of he as you inspiration for join starfleet . this be amazing for kirk -- he look off , try to imagine that life . spock intuit what this mean . spock prime ( cont 'd ) you should know . he proudly live to see you become captain of the Enterprise . kirk ... Captain ? spock prime a ship we must return you to as soon as possible . 174a ext . space - continuous 174a the Enterprise streak through frame in a warp blur -- 174b int . enterprise bridge - continuous 174b sulu at he control : sulu warp three . course one - five - one mark three , the laurentian system . the turbolift open -- mccoy enter , move to spock : mccoy you want to see I ? spock ( discreet tone ) yes , Doctor . I be aware that James kirk be a friend of yours . support I , as you do , must have be difficult . mccoy ... be you thanking I ? spock I be simply acknowledge you difficulty . we be not sure how mccoy be take this ... 97 174b continued : 174b mccoy permission to speak freely , sir. spock I welcome it . mccoy do you . okay then : be you out of you vulcan mind ? be you do the logical thing ? maybe . the right one ? debatable . but one thing 's for damn sure -- that kid do not know how to lose . just be not in he DNA . back home we have a say : " if you be gonna ride in the kentucky derby , do not leave you prize stallion in the stable . " spock ... a curious metaphor , Doctor . as a stallion must first be break before it can reach its potential . mccoy my God , man ... you could at least act like it be a hard decision . spock I intend to assist in the effort to be - establish communication with starfleet . however , if crew morale would be better serve by my roam the hall weep , I will gladly defer to you medical expertise . a strong look and spock turn away as sarek enter the bridge . spock move to meet he . off mccoy , fume -- 174c ext . delta vega - planet surface - day 174c a fuck blizzard . kirk and spock Prime move through the madden whiteout . kirk yell through it : kirk I am so pissed off at the other you right now ! and spock point -- a outpost -- half a mile away . 175 int . starfleet outpost - day 175 Long tile corridor . the door at the end open -- snow and wind as kirk and spock Prime enter . door close . silence again . 98 175 continued : 175 kirk ... hello ?! echo. nothing . they head down . after a beat , a SMALL , dark , oddly alien creature step out . eye they curiously . this be keenser . keenser ... can I help you ? spock prime be you the station chief ? keenser look they over . then : keenser ... no . this way . and they follow keenser into a massive warehouse , fill mostly with junked space part . a large , tarped shuttle in the background . in the middle of the huge , depress space be a table . and a starfleet officer who be asleep , leg kick up , lean back in a chair , a hat cover he face . keenser tap the Officer 's boot . starfleet officer hm . keenser Visitors . a beat -- and the Officer peer from under he hat . a cool , slow burn . starfleet officer you realize how unacceptable this be . kirk Excuse I ? spock prime ( be : the Officer ) ... fascinating . kirk what ? Officer stand , unhappy about something . keeser watch nearby -- starfleet officer I be sure it 's no ' you fault , and I know youse lad be just do you job , but could you no ' have come a wee bit sooner ?! ( more ) 99 175 continued : ( 2 ) 175 starfleet officer ( cont 'd ) six month I have be live on nothing but starfleet protein nib and the promise of a real food delivery ! six month , boy ! it 's pretty clear what 's go on here , be not it ? punishment ! ongoing ! for something that be clearly a accident ! spock prime you be Montgomery Scott . kirk you know he ? scotty yes , that 's I -- scotty -- you be in the right place -- be there any other hard - work and equally - starve starfleet officer around ? keenser me. scotty you eat nothing . a bean and you be do for a week , I need food . and now you be here -- so . thank you . where be it . spock prime you be in fact the Mr. Scott who postulate the theory of tran - warp beam . scotty yes ! that 's exactly what I be talk about ! how d'ya think I end up here ? I get into a debate with my instructor on the issue of relativistic physics as they pertain to subspace travel ... he seem to think that the range of transport say , a roast turkey , be limited to a few hundred mile -- so I tell my instructor I could not only beam a bird from one planet to a adjacent planet in the same system -- which be no big deal anyway -- but if I be so inclined I could actually do it with a lifeform ! so I test it on Admiral archer 's prize beagle . which ... be a mistake . kirk I know that dog . what happen to it ? 100 175 continued : ( 3 ) 175 scotty I will tell ya when it reappear . dunno . feel guilty . spock prime what if I tell you you tran - warp theory be correct ? that it be indeed possible to beam onto a ship that be travel at warp speed . and that you only require the correct field equation to recrystallize dilithium ? scotty I have not be station here that long . if such a equation have be discover , I 'da hear . spock prime the reason you have not hear of it , Mr. Scott ... be because you have not discover it yet . kirk react . scotty react -- be almost spook -- sober up a bit ... really regards spock Prime . skeptical . amuse . scotty y'from the future , be ya ? brilliant . d'they still have sandwich where you be from ? piece and jam ? mince and tatty ? cockaleekie soup ? kirk what be he talk about ? keenser food . spock prime allow we access to you shuttle ... and I will show you what a genius you actually be . off scotty , who can not help but be intrigue -- 176 omit 176 177 ext . / int . scotty' shuttle - transporter pad - moment later 177 scotty pull a tarp over much of the out -of-service shuttle . scotty she 's a wee bit dodgy : shield emitter be totally banjax , along wi ' a few other thing . 101 177 continued : 177 spock finish speed - type the field equation on the transporter control panel -- amazingly fast . scotty ( cont 'd ) ... rapid . that 's impressive . spock Prime step aside : spock prime you equation for achieve tran - warp beam . scotty look at the equation -- we watch he expression run the gamut : from confuse , to dumbfounded , to quiet awe and delight : scotty imagine that ! never occur to I to think of space as the part that 's move . spock prime Point of fact : it do occur to you . ( he work the console ) extrapolate Enterprise 's course -- scotty -- Enterprise ? have its maiden voyage already , have it ? well , you must have do something right to be assign to that ship , kiddo . she 's a well endow lady -- love to get my hand on she ample nacelle , if you will pardon the engineering parlance . spock prime now 's you chance , Mr. Scott . scotty look , even if I believe you -- where you be from , what I have do -- which I do not -- we be still talkin ' bout slingshot aboard while she 's go faster than light . without a proper receive pad , that 's like tryin'a hit a bullet with a smaller bullet , wear a blindfold . on a horse . spock I calculate no more than a four meter margin of error . scotty that 's all well and good unless you rematerialize four meter outside the ship . 102 177 continued : ( 2 ) 177 as spock work the keyboard , a enterprise schematic rotate : spock prime agreed : the aft engineering bay be you best option : a large space and no unpredictable airlock -- kirk -- you be come with we , right ? spock prime no , Jim . my destiny lie along a different path . kirk spock prime you destiny can wait -- he ( simply , strong ) will not believe I , only you can under no circumstance can he explain with - - be make aware of my existence . you must promise I this . kirk you be tell I I can not tell you I be follow you own order ? why not ? what happen ? spock prime trust I . above all . Jim , this be the one rule you can not break . to stop nero , you alone must take command of you ship . kirk how , over you dead body ? spock prime preferably not . there be , however , starfleet regulation 619 . ( off kirk 's confusion ) yes . I forget what little regard you have for such thing . 619 state that any commanding officer who be emotionally compromise by the mission at hand ... must resign say command . kirk so I need to emotionally compromise you ? spock prime Jim . I just lose my planet . I can tell you . I be emotionally compromise . ( then ) what you must do ... be get I to show it . pushing in on kirk as this land for he -- 103 177 continued : ( 3 ) 177 kirk hm . scotty aye , then . live or die , laddie , let 's get this over with . he Enterprise have a decent cafeteria I be guess . scotty 's on the pad . kirk follow , look at spock : kirk you know ... come back in time ... change history ... that 's cheating . spock prime a trick I learn from a old friend . something strike kirk -- he eye glint with revelation . spock respond enigmatically : a silent acknowledgment of what kirk must do to get the ship . he raise he hand in the legendary vulcan salute : spock prime ( cont 'd ) live long , and prosper . and spock activate the transporter and they dematerialize -- the light play off he face as he watch they vanish -- 178 ext . space - continuous 178 the Enterprise shoot through frame at warp -- 179 int . enterprise - engineering BAY - continuous 179 amid the roar of the ship 's plasma drive , particle rematerialize ... it 's kirk , eye wide in suspense . he look down at he leg , he chest , he arm to make sure he 's still in one piece , glance over to share he relief with scotty ... but scotty isn't there . a strange banging -- kirk turn : the banging be come from a large metal tank -- then scotty appear in a translucent pipe -- freaking out -- banging on the clear metal -- kirk 's mind race -- he look around for a way to save he new friend -- just then a strong current be felt inside the tube -- and scotty be yanked away , down the tube ! kirk -- no -- shit ! and kirk run after he -- down the length of the orange , twisting and turning tube -- scotty see every time he enter a clear tube area -- then disappearing again into the orange tube -- and scotty get suck upward -- and kirk turn and look -- follows the length of tube -- seeing where it's heading -- to a giant water turbine -- essentially ? a massive fucking blender . 104 179 continued : 179 kirk ( cont 'd ) -- no--nonono-- and kirk haul ass to the control panel -- we see the huge machine -- overhead , the release valve under the pipe -- and kirk work as fast as he can -- kirk ( cont'd ) comeoncomeoncomeon -- like the simulator : manual control enable , pressure seal : enable -- shutdown -- -- but the computer say : computer voice turbine shutdown not allow . kirk damnit ! 180 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 180 a display on the forward console , a alarm flash -- chekov keptin , we be detect unauthorize access to a water turbine control board ! spock move from sarek to chekov -- spock bring up video . chekov bring up two dozen security video image on one screen . spock point to one -- it enlarges -- and we see kirk and scotty racing through the ship -- spock 's eye narrow -- he move to the Captain 's chair -- hit comm : spock ( cont 'd ) Security , this be the captain -- seal engineering deck and bring I the intruder in turbine station three -- set phaser to stun . 181 int . pipe - continuous 181 inside the tube , scotty tumble , yelling underwater as -- 105 181a int . enterprise - engineering BAY - continuous 181a kirk , at the panel , access the release valve control -- he watch scotty disappear through a clear section -- kirk time it -- wait -- then he hit the button and scotty drop through the release valve and slam to the floor -- hurt , wet , but breathing , deeply -- kirk you all right ? scotty ( recover , look around ) -- nice -- ( cough ) -- ship . really . kirk -- let 's get to the bridge -- 181b int . enterprise - various area 181b kirk and wet scotty race through the ship -- only to finally turn a corner and be face with phaser , aimed right at they . but suddenly phaser be at they head . two security guard -- one , the guy he got into the fight with at the bar , year ago . security officer # 1 come with I . Moon beam . off kirk -- shit -- 182-3 omit 182-3 184 int . enterprise - bridge [ set change ] 184 woosh -- bridge door open -- kirk and scotty be ushere in by the Security Guards . spock move to they , contain he anger and dismay . mccoy be here as well . spock walk right up to kirk ... raise he eyebrow . kirk surprise . spock ( to scotty ) who be you ? kirk he 's with I . 106 184 continued : 184 spock we be travel at warp -- how do you manage to get aboard this ship ? kirk stare at the young spock -- a different experience now -- kirk you be the genius , you figure it out . spock as Captain of this vessel I order you to answer the question . kirk well I be not tell . ( then ) Captain . huh . that confound spock . and kirk be off to the race -- kirk ( cont 'd ) do that frustrate you ? my lack of cooperation ... do it make you angry ? spock again focus on scotty -- spock you be not a member of this ship 's crew . under penalty of court martial , I order you to explain to I how you beam ab -- kirk ( to scotty ) -- do not answer he . spock you will answer I . on scotty . weigh all this . then -- scotty I would rather not take side . spock nod back to the security guard , over this -- spock escort they to the brig . but before the guard can do so -- kirk what be it about you , spock ? you planet be just destroy -- you mother murder -- and you be not even upset ? 107 184 continued : ( 2 ) 184 spock you presumption that this experience interfere with my ability to command this ship be inaccurate -- kirk ha ! and yet you say fear be necessary for command . I mean -- do you see that bastard 's ship ? do you see what he do ? spock ( tense ) yes , of course I - - kirk so be you afraid or be not you ?!? spock ( tenser ) I will not ... allow you to lecture I about the merit of emotion . kirk get close to spock -- kirk then why do not you stop I . sarek watch , tense . mccoy , too . spock blink -- spock step away from I , Mr. kirk . kirk what be it like ? not to feel ? anger . or heartbreak . or the need to stop at nothing to avenge the death of the woman who give birth to you ?! spock ( volcanic ) -- back away -- kirk ( closer still ) you must not feel anything ! it must not even compute for you ! you must not have love she at all --! -- wham ! spock have just hit kirk -- and kirk go to hit back , but spock fuck deliver a series of powerful blows -- Security stand back as the Captain attack ... and spock be now fuck choking kirk -- he slam kirk against the wall -- spock's choking the life out of he -- 108 184 continued : ( 3 ) 184 sarek spock ! and everything -- everything -- stop . spock , red-face , release he grip . kirk gulp air and tumble to the ground . spock stagger back . kirk 's hardly able to speak , close to collapse . but despite he brutalize face , he expression be not about spite , or hatred ... but compassion . spock see the face of the stunned crew stare at he . but worst of all ? sarek . his father . spock level he chin . quickly wipe he eye . try to regain some semblance of dignity ... look to mccoy . softly -- spock Doctor . I be no longer fit for duty . I hereby relinquish my command on the grounds that I have be ... emotionally compromise . please note the time and date in the ship 's log . jesus . spock just ... quit . and after a beat , he leave the room . sarek follow a moment later . the crew just stand there in stunne silence . finally -- scotty I like this ship . it 's exciting . mccoy turn to kirk , exasperate -- mccoy congratulation , Jim . now we have get no Captain and no first officer to goddamn replace he . on kirk . the moment be upon he . kirk yeah we do . on mccoy . the crew -- confuse . sulu just fuck point at kirk and they all realize holy shit -- Pike make kirk the first Officer before he leave ! mccoy what ?! kirk thanks for the support ! and kirk move to the captain 's chair , pass uhura : 108a 184 continued : ( 4 ) 184 uhura I sure hope you know what you be do . kirk ... so do i. ( study chair , sit , into mic ) attention crew of the Enterprise . this be James kirk ... 185 int . enterprise - corridor 185 tracking with spock , hearing the announcement as he walk stoically -- past crew , hearing this -- kirk ( v.o. ) Mr. spock have resign commission and advanced I to act Captain . I know you be all expect to regroup with the fleet , but I have order a pursuit course of the enemy ship to Earth . 186 omit 186 187 int . enterprise - bridge [ set change ] 187 on kirk as he end the announcement : kirk I want all department at battle station and ready in ten minute . either we be go down , or they be . kirk out . click off . push in on kirk , stare off -- uhura I want some answer . he look up . uhura be there . piss off : 109 187 continued : 187 uhura ( cont 'd ) right now . where the hell would you get tran - warp technology ? kirk -- yeah , you know that 's complicated -- uhura do I look simple to you ?! sulu I be a phd in astrophysics , I think I can handle it -- how would you get back ? chekov you vant we to trust you but you vo not tell we the truth ? kirk no . no , I will not -- hey , I be the Captain now ! I do not have to tell you anything ! now listen : we need to figure out a way to catch up and get to nero 's ship . sulu there 's not a chance . they be gonna be in geosynchronous orbit around Earth in ten minute . we will never make it . mccoy even if we could , you can not go in gun blaze , not with they technology , that 's suicide . kirk then we find a way to get on that ship and steal the black hole device away from they . scotty well you can forget transwarp . no way to predict the narada 's position from here . kirk uhura : anything from Captain Pike ? uhura no ... I have be monitoring all channel . 188 int . enterprise - transporter BAY [ set change ] 188 spock stand here , stare at the place where he mother should have , but do not , arrive . sarek enter . see he son . they be alone for the first time in age . a beat : 110 188 continued : 188 sarek you must not punish yourself . ( beat ) speak you mind , spock . spock that would be unwise . sarek what be necessary be always wise . watch spock 's face . struggle with what 's pent - up inside ... spock I feel as conflict as I once be . as a child . have I make so little progress ? sarek ( beat , softly ) you will always be a child of two world . I be grateful for that . and for you . ( painfully ) and not only because you be all I have leave of she . spock look at sarek . this be as close to emotion as he will get . spock I feel anger . for the one who take she life . a anger I can not stop . sarek I believe she would say ... do not try to . ( then ) you ask I once . why I marry you mother . ( beat , simply ) I marry she because I love she . they look hold -- and for spock , a revelation ... 189 int . enterprise - bridge 189 -- the strategy session continue in full swing -- now chekov , the youngest of the bunch , get up the courage to chime in , incidently become the very first officer to say : chekov keptin kirk ? Excuse I , plee , could I ...? all eye shift to the wonder - kid who await permission to speak : 111 189 continued : 189 kirk yes , chekov - - you do not need to ask permission to -- chekov base on the narada 's course from vulcan , I have project that nero will travel past saturn . if we could drop out of warp behind one of saturn 's moon , say , titan , the magnetic distortion from the planet 's ring will make we invisible to nero 's sensor . we could follow he to Earth by stay in he blind spot . kirk what blind spot ? chekov its exhaust wake . if we adjust we shield frequency , they should not detect we . mccoy wait a minute -- anyone understand this kid ? how old be you ? chekov I be seventeen , Sir , how old be you ? mccoy we be all old enough to shave here . spock ( o.s. ) Doctor ... Mr. chekov be correct . everyone turn , surprised : spock have enter the bay -- galvanize , full of purpose -- spock ( cont 'd ) I have review he telemetry . if Mr. sulu can maneuver we into position , I can beam aboard nero 's ship . kirk I will not order you to do that , Mr. spock . spock romulan and vulcan share a common ancestry . we cultural similarity will make it easier for I to access they ship 's computer to locate the device . ( beat ; a flicker of emotion ) ( more ) 111a 189 continued : ( 2 ) 189 spock ( cont 'd ) also , my mother be human . which make Earth the only home I have leave . 112 189 continued : ( 3 ) 189 the crew look at this very courageous vulcan with deep respect - - but he focus be on uhura , whose eye smile back at he . kirk then I be come with you . spock ( beat , consider ) I would cite regulation , but I know you will simply ignore it . kirk see , we be get to know each other . and a moment -- a burgeon friendship -- 190 ext . barren landscape 190 panning across a alien landscape ... and even though it 's in shadow , you start to recognize it as the dark side of the moon . our Pov ascend now to see : the enterprise drop out of warp in the dead silence of space ... and we move past it , along the orbit of the moon , crest the horizon to see earth -- and nero' ship hovering above it . 191 int . narada - bridge - night 191 close on nero -- he face illuminate on the darkened bridge of the narada by soft blue light . Light radiate by earth . a beautiful hologram before he . he do not notice behind he , as that blade from he staff appear behind he neck . nero tense , only now sense this unforeseen danger : ayel hold the weapon . strong. tough . but under it all ... terrify . ayel the man and I have discuss this . what we be about to do . ( beat ) we have to turn the ship around . we can save we home . nero turn slowly and deliberately -- ayel tense : ayel ( cont 'd ) stop . nero now face ayel , blade at he throat -- ayel grow more nervous as he face he master . the surround crew stare on , freeze in the moment , only slightly confirm they makeshift mutiny with scared look . 113 191 continued : 191 ayel ( cont 'd ) we can go back . that 's what we want . we have take we vengeance on vulcan . no more . we want to go home now . nero consider this ... nod gently . nero there be no need , ayel . to threaten I . ( beat ) I understand . ayel be massively relieved . nero gently reach out , hold the staff ( still aim at he ) . he deactivate it -- the blade instantly retract . nero ( cont 'd ) I understand . but you be wrong . and just as ayel realize he 's fuck , nero somehow activate the staff in a way we have not see -- and the blade appear on the other end -- the end now facing ayel -- and just as ayel be eye go wide -- nero thrust the blade into ayel -- who fall to the floor , dead ! nero 's hard face turn to the rest of he crew . nero ( cont 'd ) we will return to romulus when the federation lie in ruin and not a moment before . when that who watch we people burn at last understand we pain , we loss . I refuse to return as a slave ! we will return as conqueror ! on the face of the men , submitting to he will , we music build -- and then , he eye on Earth like a fuck lion eye a gazelle -- nero ( cont 'd ) deploy the drill . 192 ext . the narada 192 the drill BAY door open as they lower the plasma drill . 193 int . u.s.s. enterprise - bridge 193 no sign of kirk and spock . sulu 's in the captain 's chair . chekov at helm . sulu Mr. chekov , transfer manual control to the Captain 's chair . 114 193 continued : 193 chekov aye. ( work control ) I have project the parabolic course you must follow . if you deviate by so much as a meter , we will be detect . sulu give I one quarter impulse burst for five second and I will do the rest with thruster . on my mark . Three ... two ... one ... fire . 194 ext . u.s.s. enterprise - space 194 the impulse engine surge , shutting off as the ship slip out from behind the moon and into open space -- 195 int . u.s.s. enterprise - bridge - continuous 195 sulu make rapid-fire thruster combination to stay on track -- a stealthy ballet of incredible dexterity . the narada appear over the horizon in geosynchronous orbit , pass underneath the Enterprise as they arc in behind it . sulu all stop in three ... two ... one ... 196 ext . the narada / enterprise - continuous 196 the small Enterprise pull into position behind the massive narada 's blind spot and come to a gentle stop . tension -- 197 int . enterprise - bridge - night 197 sulu ( into chair comm ) transporter room . we be in stable geosynchronous orbit behind the narada . chekov ( scan ) no sign they have detect we -- 198 int . enterprise - transporter room - continuous 198 kirk and spock ready themselves for transport . strap on utility belt : com - sets , tricorders , and of course , phaser -- scotty ( on communicator ) well do , Mr. sulu . 115 198 continued : 198 kirk whatever happen Mr. sulu , if you feel you have a tactical advantage fire on that ship . even if we be still aboard . it 's a order . sulu yessir . good luck . spock turn to uhura , who hand he a small translator device : uhura we will be monitoring you frequency ... uhura give the translator to spock -- and he kiss uhura . spock thank you , nyota . they part , revealing kirk shocked face . uhura walk off , leave the two man -- kirk look stunne at spock . kirk her first name be ... spock I have no comment on the matter . kirk still stunne as scotty move to transporter control . scotty if there 's any common sense to they ship design , I will be puttin ' ya in a cargo bay , should not be a soul in sight . kirk and spock stand on the transporter pad , side -by - side and facing the same direction for the first time -- a iconic image - - the moment of truth . kirk energize . scotty hit the transport and kirk and spock disappear -- 199 int . narada - cargo BAY - continuous 199 kirk and spock materialize in the cargo bay ... to find themselves suddenly smack - dab in the middle of six romulan guard work at cargo console !! 116 199 continued : 199 for a split second they be as shocked as kirk and spock , until they attack -- kirk immediately engage the close romulan , struggle -- but spock 's a machine : he palm snap up cracking a nose -- slam a head against the wall -- as battle - ready as the romulan be , it 's like try to catch a ghost , kirk finally knock he one opponent unconscious , and turn to see it 's all over -- kirk ( a touch insecure ) mine have a gun . spock I be train in the vulcan martial art of suus mahna . kirk and spock move to a still conscious romulan as he struggle to get up . spock reach for the fall romulan 's temple . spock ( cont 'd ) I be unable to meld with this romulan -- there be subtle difference in they physiology I do not anticipate -- kirk spock -- punch he in the face -- make he talk ! suus mahna he -- suss mahna be only intend ass ! for self - defense , he 's no longer a threat -- -- then pretend it 's a threat - - I be you captain , that 's a order ! spock punch the romulan hard -- and via uhura 's comlink translator , speak in subtitled romulan : spock ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) what be you computer access code ? the guard spit green blood at spock , who punch he again -- spock ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) tell ! ( punch ) I ! ( punch ) the ! ( punch ) code ! 200 int . narada - bridge - continuous 200 romulan helmsman the plasma drill be repair and fully deploy . nero good . let 's begin . 117 201 ext . suspended drill - above california - continuous 201 the ENERGY tornado fire from the drill into the earth ! 202 ext . san francisco - day 202 the plasma beam slam into san francisco BAY -- massive concussion cloud form around the beam -- 202a ext . starfleet academy / command - continuous 202a cadet run to see the horrific sight of the plasma beam -- 203 int . enterprise bridge - continuous 203 as uhura return to the bridge , everyone 's station go dark -- static on screen -- chekov they have activate the drill -- uhura Communications and transporter inoperative -- sulu they be on they own now . 204 int . narada - continuous 204 a rotating ship schematic -- spock type at a console , search -- access two inter- cam window : on one , spock prime's ship , the jellyfish -- in a lower containment hold -- on the other : pike , unclear if he 's dead or alive . spock what you refer to as the " Red matter device " be in the main hangar -- and I have locate Captain Pike . kirk be he alive ? spock unknown . kirk let 's move . they cover each other with phaser as they move down the hall -- 118 205 int . narada - MAIN hangar 205 Captain Pike 's shuttle and the jellyfish sit park among the equipment . kirk and spock stealthily board the jellyfish -- 206 int . jellyfish - cockpit - continuous 206 kirk hit a console , a familiar voice come to life : computer voice Voice print and face recognition analysis enable . kirk spock , you will be piloting the ship alone . spock which may be problematic , as I be unfamiliar with this ship 's design . the laser grid respond to spock's voice , scan he feature for id -- the holographic display materialize : computer voice welcome back , ambassador spock . kirk ( awkwardly ) wow . that 's weird . he look to kirk in surprise -- spock 's eye fix with sudden understanding . ambassador spock ... of course ... suddenly all the piece start come together ... spock Computer : what be you manufacturing origin ? computer voice stardate 2397 , commission by the vulcan Science Academy . spock look at kirk , a touch upset : spock it appear you have be keep rather important information from I . kirk just trust I . can ya do that ? spock weigh he option . trust . finally : 119 206 continued : 206 kirk ( cont 'd ) I will get Pike . kirk exit -- 207 int . narada [ set change ] 207 kirk move through various area of the ship -- 208 int . jellyfish - cockpit 208 spock work the control -- fire up the craft -- 209 ext . narada - hangar - with jellyfish inside 209 light come on -- he start it up -- the ship begin to rise -- and with the enormous jellyfish now operating -- floating in the hangar , spock turn the ship and fire at the massive Iris door , blowing it OPEN ! debris and loose object get sucked into space as -- 210 int . narada - bridge 210 the ship shudder from within -- alarm -- romulan helmsman primary core rupture , warp engine off - line ! nero how ?!! romulan tactical officer someone have detonate weapon in the main hangar ! close -- nero -- eye wild , realizing they have a saboteur : nero restore power ! engage auxiliary system ! 211 omit 211 212 ext . narada - continuous 212 the jellyfish fly out -- angle toward the drill and fire another torpedo -- direct hit ! the massive rig swing -- the tether snapsnapsnap -- the drill tilt and rocket loose , plummeting down ... down ... down ... 213 ... crashing into san francisco BAY 213 120 214 int . narada - bridge - continuous 214 as the bridge crew fight to regain control : romulan tactical officer the drill 's be severe ! romulan commander ambassador spock 's ship have be steal as be head out of the solar system ! nero -- who' responsible for this ?! a beat -- the romulan Commander look up from he console : romulan commander ( darkly ) ... spock . off nero 's fuck mega rage -- 215 ext . space - above earth 215 the narada turn -- accelerate in pursuit of the jellyfish and away from earth -- and now we be back to the imagery of the first few moment of the movie -- the narada gaining on the jellyfish , spock at the control -- 216 int . narada - continuous 216 nero ( to comm officer ) open a channel -- romulan communications officer Channel open -- nero spock -- I should have kill you when I have the chance . 217 int . nero' ship / jellyfish - intercutting : 217 spock stare with deadly focus at the viewscreen : spock under authority grant I by the europa convention , I be confiscate this illegally obtain ship and order you to surrender you vessel . no term . no deal . and nero ? just grin in perfect contentment ... 121 217 continued : 217 nero you can not cheat I again , spock . I know you better than you know yourself . spock last warning : unconditional surrender or you will be destroy . nero ( to he Men ) Fire at will . romulan commander Sir - - if you ignite the red matter , the -- nero I want spock dead ! Fire ! nero hurry to the control -- operate they himself and -- 218 ext . narada - continuous 218 -- FIRE it doe -- torpedoe blast from the hold and to the jellyfish , which perform evasive maneuver -- the torpedoe explode as -- 219 int . narada - airlock shaft - continuous 219 kirk move through shadow into a airlock shaft , start climb ladder rung -- 220 ext . space - continuous 220 the jellyfish tilt , earth recede far behind it -- spock veer to avoid be blow apart -- nero 's ship gain -- fire -- 221 int . narada - corridor - continuous 221 kirk move through the space -- into the torture room , where he find pike , close to death -- kirk begin unfasten he bind . Pike see he through he fog -- amaze -- pike ... kirk ? kirk come back , sir. just like you order . kirk help lift he -- but what he doesn't see be the four guard enter with weapon -- 122 221 continued : 221 but pike , God bless he , do : summoning he last ounce of strength , he manage to unholster kirk phaser and blast the four guard out of existence ! safe , he slump , drop the phaser -- 222 ext . narada - space - continuous 222 the narada fire again , tearing a gash in the jellyfish 's side . 223 int . jellyfish - continuous 223 a array explode -- nero on comm ... you should have fle , spock . sight target , standby torpedoe ... FIRE ! computer voice warning : shield off-line . on spock -- bad as thing be , they just get worse -- he mind spin until : spock Computer , prepare self destruct sequence . 224 ext . jellyfish - continuous 224 and the jellyfish turn -- a new course right for the narada -- 225 int . space - narada and jellyfish - continuous 225 close on spock , bravely face certain death -- on a collision course with the narada -- look like he 's gonna sacrifice himself -- and we assume he will pull away at the last second , of course he will , but he doesn 't : 226 ext . narada and jellyfish - continuous 226 smash ! the jellyfish explode , spock seemingly kill -- and in the blast , the red matter ignite ! a massive black hole start to form , the biggest one yet ! star drift toward its CENTER , pulled into the sphere by the gravity well as it start to expand -- 227 int . narada - bridge - continuous 227 as the ship 's rocked hard , nero see the black hole build through the cockpit window : nero full reverse !!! now , now !! 123 228 ext . space - continuous 228 everything's getting sucked into the ever -expanding black hole -- a massive pulse of ENERGY pummel nero' ship , shear through its hull -- as the narada tries to reverse out of the gravity well , the enterprise be revealed behind it -- having be there the whole time -- 229 int . enterprise - transporter BAY - continuous 229 it be a rush , crazy , tense as hell -- uhura , mccoy , a mo team and nd officer race in as scotty finish receive income signal : kirk , spock ... and pike materialize on the pad : kirk ( to transporter Chief ) Nice timing , Lieutenant -- scotty never beam two target from two place onto the same pad before ! that be pretty good ! kirk transfer Pike to mccoy , who urgently scan Pike and bark to a mo - tech : mccoy -- we be gonna need gastric stimulator , let 's prep he for surgery , now ! 230 int . narada - bridge - continuous 230 everyone 's hurled off they foot -- console fry -- FIRE -- romulan communications officer nero - - it 's the Enterprise ! nero load weapon and raise shield !!! romulan helmsman engine using all our power , sir ! nero 's eye come unhinged -- 231 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 231 whoosh : kirk and spock race back onto the bridge -- chekov keptin ! the enemy ship be lose power -- its shield be down ! 124 231 continued : 231 kirk hail they -- now ! nero appear on screen from the narada bridge -- the narada 's on its last leg -- a beat before nero turn , realize kirk 's fuck grinning at he from the screen : kirk ( cont 'd ) this be Captain James T. kirk of the u.s.s. Enterprise -- you ship be compromise -- too close to the singularity to survive without assistance -- which we be willing to provide . spock ( sotto ) Captain -- what be you do ? kirk ( sotto ) we show they compassion -- it may be the only way to earn peace with romulus . it 's logic , spock ! I think you would like that . spock no , not really , not this time . nero I would rather suffer the death of romulus a thousand time than accept assistance from you . kirk you get it . ( turn ) lock phaser ! Fire everything we have get ! 232 ext . space - continuous 232 the enterprise arc around , firing a full salvo at the narada -- and the hit connect , a domino - effect of explosion rippling across the already weakened ship -- it start nose - diving , toward the black hole -- 233 int . u.s.s. enterprise - bridge 233 kirk kirk to Engineering : get we out of here , scotty ! scotty ( v.o. ; comm ) -- you bet yer ass , Captain -- 125 234 int . narada - continuous 234 the wall be ripping away , pylon pull free from they mooring , into the ever- expand sphere -- nero -- in the chaos , knowing he's reached the end , close he eye : nero forgive I ... romulus ... 235 ext . space - continuous 235 and the narada implode , buckling in on itself , disappearing in piece into the black vortex -- leave only the Enterprise -- its nacelle flare as the ship try to make the quantum leap -- but : the black hole 's now a titanic whirlpool so insanely strong that the Enterprise be hold in place by the gravity well even at warp ! it shake into a blur , try to cut loose but it can 't -- 236 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 236 kirk why aren 't we at warp ?! chekov -- we be --! scotty over speaker captain , we're trapped in the gravity well ! it's got US ! kirk go to maximum warp ! push it !!! 237 int . enterprise - engineering - intercutting : 237 scotty shout back into the com against the scream drive : scotty i'm givin ' her all she' got , captain ! kirk all she' got isn't good enough ! what else dkyou got ?! scotty ( last desperate think ) if we eject the core and detonate , the blast could be strong enough to push US away but I can't promise anything ! kirk do it do it do it ! 126 237 continued : 237 scotty slam the activation panel and we see the warp core eject down a tube , like a instant pneumatic release -- 238 ext . enterprise - above the black hole - continuous 238 the warp core tube launch from the enterprise , streaking right into the mouth of the black hole -- a insane , silent explosion : the black hole light up from horizon to horizon , the blast wave whiting out the frame ! the enterprise be consumed within it : for a minute , we think it's gone ... until it's jettisoned out into the star , flying away , leaving the firestorm behind it ! 239 int . enterprise - bridge - continuous 239 everyone white -knuckle they seat as the blast dissipate ... and we crew sit , wide - eye , tremble ... finally , truly safe . 240 ext . starfleet academy - san francisco - day 240 back home . 241 int . starfleet academy - medical BAY / hangar - day 241 spock be see in a medical office with Pike , who lie in bed , recover -- mccoy monitor he - spock exit -- walk through the corridor -- see a vulcan in silhouette , stare out at the Academy . sarek . spock move to he -- say quietly : spock Father ...? sarek turn -- but it isn't sarek . it's spock prime . who say : spock prime I be not ... we father . a incredible beat , we two spock in eye lock ... both mind processing conversational possibility at a incredible rate ... surreal extension of each other , separate but connect ... spock ... fascinating . spock prime there be so few vulcan leave . we can not afford to ignore each other . Young spock 's eye flicker in puzzlement ... spock then why do you send kirk aboard when you alone could have explain the truth ? 127 241 continued : 241 spock prime ( beat , simply ) because you need each other . oppose yet complimentary opposite . it be that balance between we -- I should say you and kirk -- that often make the impossible , possible . spock ... it be a test ? spock prime ( no : he heart heavy ) I be in no position to pass judgment ... my action have rob you of much . I could not also deprive you the revelation of all you can accomplish together ... of a friendship that will define you both in way you can not yet realize . there be , to young spock 's surprise , vulnerability in that . spock how do you persuade he to keep you secret ? spock prime I infer universe -end paradox would ensue should he break he promise . spock you lie . spock prime I imply . spock a gamble ... spock prime a act of faith . one I hope you will repeat in the future . Young spock consider a endure friendship between he and kirk ... for the first time , understanding it . but -- spock the future 's not what it use to be ... in the face of extinction , it 's only logical I resign my starfleet commission and help rebuild we race . 127a 241 continued : ( 2 ) 241 spock prime and yet , you be in a unique position ... you can be in two place at once . ( more ) 128 241 continued : ( 3 ) 241 spock prime ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I urge you to remain in starfleet : I have already locate a suitable planet on which to establish a vulcan colony , and assist in the foundation of a new science academy . Young spock take that in , resolute ... spock my future cannot be determine by you past . we be one , but not the same . spock prime then I ask that you do yourself a favor . put away logic . do what feel right . the world you have inherite life in the shadow of incalculable devastation ... but there 's no reason you must face it alone . spock Prime move to the door , stop . offer the vulcan salute : spock prime ( cont 'd ) as my customary farewell would appear oddly self serve , I will simply say ... good luck . they eye hold . spock turn , disappear into the corridor . Young spock stare at the empty doorway a beat , he mind a jumble of thought ... and we music build ... 242 int . starfleet corridor - hangar - continuous 242 as spock Prime walk off down the corridor , he pass right by a man confer with a nurse -- the man pause , turn ... it 's sarek . suddenly overcome by a feel that the stranger who 's just pass he be ... oddly familiar . 243 int . starfleet academy - council chamber - day 243 music still build -- glass wall reveal the enterprise at dock , utility craft float around it , repair . stand at attention in row , the enterprise crew -- over four hundred of they wear dress uniform -- track down the face , all proud -- and we stop on young kirk . compose , focus , a man . the academy president stand at a podium : academy president this assembly call Captain James tiberius kirk ... 129 243 continued : 243 kirk break from formation , pivot , march down the hangar -- past uhura ... sulu ... chekov ... scotty . all beam . notably absent , be spock . kirk ascend the stair , snap to attention : academy president ( cont 'd ) you inspirational valor and supreme dedication to you comrade be in keep with the high tradition of service and reflect utmost credit to yourself , you crew , and the federation . for you ... unique solution to the kobayashi maru , it 's my honor to award you with a commendation for original think . he open a BOX -- glorious in repose , a medal : academy president ( cont 'd ) by starfleet order 28455 , you be hereby direct to report to command Officer , USS Enterprise , for duty as he relief . kirk turn . walk to ... pike . in a wheelchair now , wear a admiral' uniform . overnight , he hair 's turn totally grey -- but despite he trauma , he pride 's overwhelming . they salute : kirk I relieve you , sir. pike I be relieved . congratulation , Captain . Pike contain a smirk , pin the medal to kirk 's chest . kirk thank you , sir. kirk turn to the crowd . eye shine . wild applause . as kirk rejoin he crew for hug and congratulation , we go to the back of the hangar ... spock prime . watch . move beyond word . he turn and leave they to it ... and we music swell as -- 244 int . u.s.s. enterprise - bridge - continuous 244 the turbolift whooshes open and in walk kirk -- to every fan 's delight , wear he iconic gold shirt . all around he , we crew -- young and fresh - face but no longer child -- in charge of the great starship ever build : 130 244 continued : 244 sulu maneuver thruster and impulse engine at you command , sir. chekov weapon system and shield on standby . uhura dock control report ready . yard Command signal clear . kirk scotty how be we ? scotty ( o.s. over comm link ) dilithium chamber at maximum efficiency , Captain . mccoy ( wry grin ) same ship , different day . and kirk pause . his eye go over to the empty science console with a sense of incompleteness . in fact , everyone on the bridge feel it . a bitter truth they will have to accept . kirk Mr. sulu , prepare to engage thrus -- whoosh : the turbolift door open . spock !!! wearing he blue uniform . we heart soar -- spock permission to come aboard , Captain . kirk ... permission grant . spock as you have yet to select a first officer , respectfully , I would like to submit my candidacy . should you desire , I can provide character reference . kirk nearly laugh . spock 's eyebrow go up . something pass between they ... it carry acceptance , and trust ... kirk it would be my honor , Commander . maneuver thruster , Mr. sulu . take we out . sulu aye , Captain . 131 244 continued : ( 2 ) 244 as the ship maneuver out of dry dock , spock take he place next to kirk . gold and blue , side by side . 245 ext . starbase one - drydock - continuous 245 and the ship crest the drydock portal , drift into space ... bless one last time by the voice of we vulcan hero : spock / nimoy Space ... the final frontier . this be the continue voyage of the starship Enterprise . her ongoing mission ... to explore strange new world ... to seek out new life form , and new civilization ... to boldly go , where no one have go ... before ... the trek theme soar as the Enterprise warp off into a universe of infinite possibility ... fade out . T h E B E G I N N I N G 132 245 continued : 245 addendum to script : alternate scene alternate scene a the following dialogue to be assigned to MAIN or additional bridge crew if time and casting permit . int . kelvin bridge captain robau ... oh my God ... ( to himself , boggle ) a lightning storm ... then this ... ( to deck ) signal all department : first contact protocol . look like we have someone new on the block . all stop . kelvin crew member all station , fc - 3 procedure initiate ... " kelvin crew member comm Broadcasting universal greeting on all open frequency . first officer Sir , should we initiate a active scan ? captain robau that could be see as a act of provocation -- all reading passive -- Crew member be glue to they telemetry , work console : kelvin crew member em sensor in passive sweep ... kelvin crew member ( cont 'd ) power signature detect -- level 's increase . suddenly , a warning beep -- officer pitt captain robau Sir , I have a read -- they have lock weapon on we ! -- Red alert ! Arm weapon ! alarm blare -- light go red as -- 133 ext . space - continuous the narada fire a torpedo -- it head for the kelvin -- then separate , fracture into a multi-hit projectile -- int . u.s.s. kelvin - continuous officer scramble , brace for impact -- first officer captain robau torpedo lock on we at 320 degree , mark two -- income -- evasive pattern Delta - 5 ! fast ! crew member redirecting auxiliary power to forward shield ! " crew member ( cont 'd ) aft torpedo tube be hot ! ext . u.s.s. kelvin - continuous a direct hit smashes several deck along the dish of the ship -- int . u.s.s. kelvin - bridge - continuous Captain robau help a fall crew member up from the floor -- then , on he chair com : captain robau damage report ! intercut with : int . u.s.s. kelvin - engine room - continuous move with the kelvin 's chief engineer : kelvin crew member Diagnostic 's back online -- rerout to auxiliary console . kelvin crew member 2 power grid junction C - 7 and e-3 be out ... kelvin crew member dispatch repair team to deck 4 . 134 continued : chief engineer we shield do nothing , Sir ! never see anything like it ! weapon off-line ! Main power at 38 percent ! 135 continued : ( 2 ) alternate scene B spock prime then I ask that you do yourself a favor ... put away logic , and do what feel right . the world you have inherite life in the shadow of incalculable devastation ... but there 's no reason you must face it alone . and from around he neck , he remove the pendant that until now , we have only catch glimpsis of . place it on the table beside he young self . the feel in he eye be profound ... spock prime ( cont 'd ) this be a gift to I . representing ... a dream . one we be unable to fulfill . ( softly ) the way you can now . and move to the door . stop . offer the vulcan salute : spock prime ( cont 'd ) as my customary farewell would appear oddly self serve , I will simply say ... good luck . they eye hold . spock turn , disappear into the corridor . Young spock stare at the empty doorway a beat , he mind a jumble of thought . look to the pendant ... and realize it 's a holo -emitter . after consider a beat , he hit a activation button and a moving holographic message materialize before he : captain jame T. kirk . william shatner . as always , brash , wry , confident -- and singing : kirk / shatner happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you ... ( stop , grin ) I know I know , it 's illogical to celebrate something you have nothing to do with , but I have not have the chance to congratulate you on you appointment to the ambassadorship so I think I would seize the occasion ... bravo , spock -- they tell I you first mission may take you away for awhile , so I will be the first to wish you luck ... and to say ... ( beat , emotional ) I miss you , old friend . 136 continued : ( 3 ) ... and we be pushing in on Young spock , take in the image of kirk 's future self , the message , but above all -- the clear , unquestionable friendship this two man have ... int . corridor - continuous as spock Prime walk off down the corridor , he pass right by a man confer with a nurse -- the man pause , turn ... it 's sarek . suddenly overcome by a feel that the stranger who 's just pass he be ... oddly familiar . kirk / shatner ( v.o. ) I suppose I would always imagine we ... outgrow starfleet together . watch life swing we into we emeritus year ... int . starbase one - hangar - eternal night music build -- glass wall reveal the enterprise at dock , utility craft float around it , repair . stand at attention in row , the enterprise crew -- over four hundred of they wear dress uniform -- track down the face , all proud : kirk / shatner ( v.o. ) I look around at the new cadet now and can not help think ... have it really be so long ? be not it only yesterday we step onto the Enterprise as boy ? that I have to prove to the crew I deserve command ... and they respect ? and we stop on young kirk . compose , focus , proud . a man . and to every fan 's delight , finally wear he yellow shirt . the federation commandant stand at a podium : commandant this assembly call Captain James tiberius kirk ... kirk break from formation , pivot , march down the hangar -- past uhura ... sulu ... chekov ... scotty . all beam . notably absent , be spock . kirk ascend the stair , snap to attention : commandant ( cont 'd ) you inspirational valor and supreme dedication to you comrade be in keep with the high tradition of service and reflect utmost credit to yourself , you crew , and the federation . by starfleet order 28455 , you be hereby direct to report to command Officer , USS Enterprise , for duty as he relief . 137 continued : kirk turn . walk to ... pike . in a wheelchair now , wear a admiral' uniform . overnight , he hair 's turn totally grey -- but despite he trauma , he pride 's overwhelming . they salute each other : kirk I relieve you , sir. pike ... I be relieved . he open a BOX in he lap -- glorious in repose , a medal : pike ( cont 'd ) and as fleet Admiral , for you ... unique solution to the kobayashi maru , it 's my honor to award you with a commendation for original think . Pike contain a smirk , pin the medal to kirk 's chest ... pike ( cont 'd ) ( a touch choke ) congratulation , Captain . kirk thank you , sir. kirk turn to the crowd . eye shine . wild applause . our music soar . Bones lean in to sulu , roll he eye : bone ... same ship , different day . as kirk rejoin he crew for hug and congratulation , we go to the back of the hangar ... spock prime . watch . move beyond word . he turn and leave they to it ... as he go ... kirk / shatner ( v.o. ) I know what you would say -- ` it 's they turn now , Jim ... ' and of course you be right ... but it get I think : int . starfleet hospital - earth - day we montage come full circle as we end on kirk 's transmission : kirk / shatner who 's to say we can not go one more round ? by the last tally , only twenty five percent of the galaxy 's be charter ... I would call that negligent . criminal even -- a invitation . ( more ) 138 continued : kirk / shatner ( cont 'd ) you once say be a starship captain be my first , best destiny ... if that 's true , then yours be to be by my side . if there 's any true logic to the universe ... we will end up on that bridge again someday . stop , grin . because this be the part he need to say most ... kirk admit it , spock . for people like we , the journey itself ... be home . Young spock 's face . lose in feeling that flood through he . 139 continued : ( 2 ) alternate scene C skill dome : question to be speak or represent graphically and answer to be disperse to vulcan child at director discretion . q : what be the arc length of a curve from x equal a to x equal b? a : the integral , from a to b , of the square root of one plus the square derivative of y with respect to x , d x . q : calculate the dimensionality of a fractal whose initiator divide into three equal part , each of which be replace by four part . a : 1.26 q : what be the dimensionality of a fractal whose initiator divide into be equal part , each be replace by N equal part ? a : dimensionality equal the logarithm of N divide by the logarithm of be . q : a cone be slice by a plane that do not intersect the base , nor be the plane parallel to the base . what shape be form by the intersection ? a : a ellipse . q : what be the formula for the volume of a sphere ? a : four-third pi time the radius cube . q : what be the electrical charge of a up - type quark ? a : positive two third . q : a discount function with exponential discount for all period , and a additional scalar discount for the present , be call what ? a : quasi-hyperbolic . 140 continued : ( 3 ) q : a excessively impatient person , who discount future value solely because they be not in the present , be call what ? a : a hyperbolic or quasi-hyperbolic discounter . q : in a infinitely repeat classic prisoner ' dilemma , how many subgame perfect equilibria exist ? a : infinitely many . q : how many equilibria exist in a classic Hawk - dove strategic interaction game ? a : two in pure strategy and one in mix strategy . ( the mix strategy equilibria be unstable . ) q : what be the two key feature of a pure public good ? a ; non-excludability and non-rivalry in consumption . q : what be the only know intelligent life form to have achieve faster - than -light travel without political unification ? a : human . assume , of course , you regard human as intelligent . q : what be the six recognize exception to the Prime directive under federation law ? a : leave unanswered q : what be the four key dimension of vulcan aesthetics ? a : leave unanswer q : what term describe a action that be morally praiseworthy but not morally obligatory ? a : supererogatory . q : when be a action say to be supererogatory ? a : when it be morally praiseworthy but not morally obligatory . 141 continued : ( 4 ) alternate scene D miscellaneous dialogue to be disperse by director to support crew or main cast at he / she discretion . cadet at starfleet : cadet Heard that guy pass second - year exam in he first term . cadet ( cont 'd ) ruining the curve for everyone . cadet ( cont 'd ) I would like to load she photon tube . cadet ( cont 'd ) can not believe I fail the navigational comp . cadet ( cont 'd ) the Newton 's not a antique , it 's a classic . give I the Newton over the Enterprise any day . cadet ( cont 'd ) do you see the new assignment roster ? cadet ( cont 'd ) I flunk the sub-atomic particle quiz . cadet ( cont 'd ) they better give I a red shirt for this . cadet ( cont 'd ) do we have time to get marry ? cadet ( cont 'd ) ( on one knee ) I know this be sudden , but ... will you marry I ? cadet ( cont 'd ) I be call my Mom ... cadet ( cont 'd ) can not believe I be on the mayflower ... romulan : 142 continued : ( 5 ) romulan officer secure the transport deck . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) Security team to the docking bay . report . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) bring the prisoner to the bridge . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) secure the prisoner and take he to the brig . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) federation defense be weak in this era . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) prepare shuttle for evacuation . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) Communications -- monitor all federation channel . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) scramble signal on all federation channel . romulan ensign anterior hull breach , deck level seven . romulan ensign ( cont 'd ) Security breach in the docking bay , tracking now ... romulan ensign ( cont 'd ) the vulcan value logic but not honor . romulan ensign ( cont 'd ) no remain signal - the vessel be go . romulan officer Long live the romulan Star Empire . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) we be be attack . romulan officer ( cont 'd ) stink klingon . romulan ensign Captain we have a new contact . 143 continued : ( 6 ) romulan ensign ( cont 'd ) firing solution ready . romulan ensign ( cont 'd ) Sir , tracking new contact . romulan engineer Sir , we have a hull breach in the aft section . romulan engineer ( cont 'd ) this be a mining vessel . we do not have the manoeuvrability to follow . vulcan : vulcan civilian where be planetary security ? vulcan civilian ( cont 'd ) the planet be come apart ! vulcan civilian ( cont 'd ) hope be beyond reason . vulcan civilian ( cont 'd ) stay together and keep move . vulcan civilian ( cont 'd ) planetary evacuation be in progress . vulcan civilian ( cont 'd ) this be highly improbable . vulcan civilian ( cont 'd ) it seem we be under attack . vulcan civilian ( cont 'd ) I await my fate with a clear conscience . vulcan priest a end be just a beginning . starfleet bridge : ensign all com channel open . ensign ( cont 'd ) we have clearance from starfleet . ensign ( cont 'd ) proceed as direct . 144 continued : ( 7 ) ensign ( cont 'd ) transporter deck be operational . ensign ( cont 'd ) shield at one-hund percent and stable . ensign ( cont 'd ) Engineering report warp core be stable . ensign ( cont 'd ) warp propulsion system be at maximum efficiency . officer monitor all channel . officer ( cont 'd ) bring up schematics for the defiant , Newton , armstrong , and mayflower . officer ( cont 'd ) set a course for rigel 3 and transmit to the other ship . ensign warp drive be off line , we be on impulse only , repeat , impulse only . ensign ( cont 'd ) Sir , we have be detect -- romulan vessel be turn about . officer rerouting power to port shield . ensign Hull breach on deck 38 , atmospheric stabilization have be lose . ensign ( cont 'd ) life support be fluctuate . medical BAY : nurse class four casualty here , class three in the next door . doctor dose he alpha wave and resume compression . 145 continued : ( 8 ) doctor ( cont 'd ) cortical stimulation 's fail -- nurse this should numb the pain . nurse ( cont 'd ) Airways clear .