Story by Rick berman &amp ; brannon braga &amp ; Ronald D. Moore screenplay by brannon braga &amp ; Ronald D. Moore first draft September 29 , 1995 1 a black void 1 we can hear movement . strange skitter sound , like razor- claw on metal ... the hiss of pneumatic hose ... the whirr and click of servos ... liquid gurgle ... a eerie , alien cacophony . 2 earth 2 appear , hang now in the starry blackness . the alien noise continue , and far in the distance we hear the muffle thump of what could be a distant explosion . alien text suddenly appear next to Earth , and we reveal we be in -- 3 int . borg recon CENTER 3 the image of Earth be actually on a monitor , which be only one of dozen of monitor cover a huge wall . we do not see anything of the rest of the room , but the technology in view be distinctly alien and bizarre -- a mixture of organic and mechanical element . circuitry and optical cabling be side - by-side with what look almost like artery and organ . we can still hear the creepy skitter and gurgle noise . occasionally , a shadowy form sweep past the camera , vaguely humanoid but we can not tell who or what it be . all of the monitor be active , and they present myriad image and SOUND -- all related to earth history . the screen show everything from write chinese ... to Renaissance painting ... to black and white newsreel footage of World War two ... to what look like clip of space battle from the 24th century . the entire range of human history dance across the monitor . the effect be dizzying -- we get the feel that whoever be watch this be study the human race . there be another thump and the wall of monitor shudder slightly . we hear the voice of what we will come to know as the borg collective -- thousand of voice speak at once : borg restrict search parameter to 1 - 9 - 9 - 8 through 2- 0 - 8- 4 . the image on the monitor now change to show we image from 21st century Earth history . again , it 's a collection of still photography , video footage , text , artwork , etc . we hear snippet of sound - bite , music , speech from the period . a lot of entice detail . as the image race across the monitor , we should learn the follow . -- the turn of the 21st century bring chaos . Regional war , the collapse of the United Nations . societal break-down . crime , starvation , desperation . -- a third World war. nuclear explosion , environmental disaster , ten of million dead . the United States cease to exist . all political authority vanish . humanity teeter on the edge of the second Dark Age . -- the image of a single man -- zephram cochrane . a visionary scientist . he see the spacecraft he create out of a nuclear missile . he fly the first warp test , break the light barrier . it change history . -- grainy black and white image of a vulcan scout ship landing on Earth . they see cochrane 's flight , follow he back to Earth , and make first contact with the human race . -- humanity turn the corner . first contact with a alien civilization bring the planet together as never before . human and vulcan work together , beginning to solve long - stand problem with new technology . we see a early replicator produce food for the starve million . a new World government be form . -- people from planet Earth and people from vulcan form a Alliance . they call it the United federation of planet . and they commission a fleet of starship for protection and exploration . they call it starfleet . -- this be image recount the birth of the Star Trek universe . another muffle explosion , this one stronger , shake the entire wall . one of the monitor blows out in a shower of spark . and now a new voice , a woman 's voice , low , threaten , with a slight metallic inflection , speak for the first time : woman' voice stop search . calculate temporal coordinate . j- fourteen . another explosion rock the room and it take we to : 4 ext . space - a borg sphere 4 a huge , spherical borg warship as it take a phaser shot from a unseen vessel . the blast smashes into the borg sphere , but the massive ship continue . the sphere return FIRE . follow the borg fire to -- 5 a federation starship 5 lock in battle with the borg sphere . the borg fire destroy the federation ship in a fiery blast . 6 new angle 6 as the borg sphere fly away from the wreckage of the decimate starship , and as it do , we reveal that this be just one small part of -- 7 a massive space battle 7 involve dozen of starfleet and borg vessel , engage in a fierce firefight as far as the eye can see . ship turn , twist , fire , explode . lot of movement . it 's a spectacular sight . the borg sphere be move away from the battle , head off in another direction . 8 new angle 8 in the middle of the battle . a borg cube be attack a smaller federation starship . the starship be take quite a beat ... explosion all along the hull ... it do not look like it can take much more of this . suddenly a spread of four torpedoe come blaze in from o.c . the torpedoe slam into the borg ship , cause massive damage . 9 the USS enterprise ncc 1701-e 9 soar into view and move to protect the beleaguere starship . the Enterprise be starfleet 's newest and most powerful vessel . a elegant and majestic ship . but unlike the last Enterprise , starfleet have opt for a more muscular vessel and the hull be studd with weapon and other defensive armory . we get the feel this Enterprise be ready for anything . 10 int . enterprise -e - bridge 10 the Bridge have be redesign . a single Captain 's chair dominate the room , and surround console and station all face inward instead of out , give picard instant access to he officer . picard in the Captain 's chair . riker at a new ops station . data at the helm . worf at tactical . troi at Communications , various crewmembers at they post . the ship be at Red alert and everyone be tense . picard signal the endeavor to fall back . we will cover they . troi aye , sir . she work she console . 11 ext . space - the enterprise &amp ; borg ship 11 the endeavor move off as the borg FIRE at the Enterprise and blast the saucer section . this should also produce a unusual effect -- instead of the traditional " bubble " shield , the new armor of this Enterprise absorb the blast and dissipate the energy across the hull . the ship be undamage . 12 int . bridge 12 the ship be rocked by the blast . data dispersive armor be hold . picard bring we about . target borg ship alpha four , port side battery . worf Port battery , ready sir ! picard Fire . 13 ext . space - the enterprise 13 as rapid phaser shot leap out from half a dozen point along the ship 's port side . ( note : the phaser also look different , more along the line of a gatling gun ) . the borg cube explode . the Enterprise fly through the debris . 14 int . bridge 14 include MAIN viewscreen , which have a view of the chaotic battle surround they . another borg vessel loom into view . picard starboard battery -- fire . 15 ext . space 15 the Enterprise fire a burst of phaser -- but this time , the phaser have no effect . we see a strange shielding appear around the borg ship . 16 int . bridge 16 on the main viewer , the massive borg ship loom closer . data the borg ship have modify its shield , Captain . we phaser will no longer be effective . picard ready quantum torpedo . worf aye , sir . only three leave . another jolt as we be hit . geordi be com voice La Forge to bridge . picard go ahead . intercut : 17 int . MAIN engineering 17 where geordi and n.d. Engineers be rush about , hard at work . geordi be no longer wear he visor -- he now have artificial ocular implant for eye . they have a distinctive electronic look to they . geordi Captain , I be start to worry about the hull integrity . we have be run the support field at full power for three hour straight . I do not know how much longer it 's go to hold up . picard understood . keep I inform . end intercut : 18 int . bridge 18 the borg cube be huge on the main viewer as the Enterprise rush toward it . troi incoming transmission from the borg . picard on screen . data work and the viewer change to a view of the interior of the borg cube . a vast chamber cramme with hundred of borg drone stand upright in individual alcove . they be everywhere -- on the ceiling , wall , floor . this be a borg collective -- hundred of borg that form a gigantic " hive " mind . the borg be half - man / half machine . no individual personality . no feeling . they have only one goal in life : to assimilate new race into they collective . to become a borg be to experience live death . when they speak , they speak as a collective -- thousand of voice speak as one : borg you defense perimeter be useless . you will be assimilate . picard ( to borg ) break off you attack . by now , you must realize you can not win ... borg you opinion be irrelevant . we be the borg . resistance be futile . picard we will see about that ... ( to worf ) Fire . worf work . 19 ext . space - the enterprise - close on torpedo BAY 19 a quantum torpedo blast out of the launcher and head toward the borg cube . this torpedo be completely different than the traditional photon torpedo . it oscillate and change shape and color as it streak toward the borg ship . 20 the borg ship 20 as the quantum torpedo hit it . but instead of explode on the surface , the torpedo pierce the ship like a armor-piercing shell and momentarily vanish from view . the ship then explode like a star go supernova -- bright light and shock wave . 21 int . bridge 21 the ship be rocked violently by the shock wave . people hang on . data Main power still on -line , Captain . riker look at he console . riker casualty be light , Captain . minor buckle on the port nacelle . nothing serious . worf incoming message from the starship Intrepid . Admiral haye . picard on screen . the viewer show admiral haye on the Bridge of he starship . admiral haye the new quantum torpedoe be do the trick , Jean -luc . we have destroy forty - seven borg ship so far ... and only lose fifteen of we own . ( beat ) but one of the borg ship have break through we defense , and it 's head directly for Earth . can you handle it ? picard absolutely . admiral haye good hunt . haye out . picard mister data , set a pursuit course . maximum warp . 22 ext . space - the enterprise 22 as it break away from the battle ... and race into warp . 23 ext . space - earth 23 there be starfleet satellite and space station in close orbit . the borg sphere see before enter frame . the satellite open fire , but they have little effect on the massive borg sphere , which return fire , exploding they in orbit . the sphere head down toward the Earth ... 24 int . bridge 24 data we be approach the terran system , Captain . picard go to impulse . where 's the borg ship ? data it have enter Earth orbit . ( off console ) correction -- it be not in orbit . it be head directly toward the surface . picard what ? picard get up , move to data 's console . riker ( incredulous ) some sort of suicide tactic ? data unknown , sir . suicide tactic be not normally associate with the borg . data react to he console . data sensor show a temporal signature emanate from the sphere . High concentration of tachyon ... picard study data 's monitor . picard and chronometric particle ... it 's as though they be try to create a temporal vortex ... a beat as picard make a shocking realization . picard time travel ... they be attempt time travel ... ( beat ) full power , mister data . worf , quantum torpedoe at my command ! worf aye , sir . 25 ext . earthas atmosphere 25 the borg sphere glowing red and beginning to burn with friction as it plummet toward Earth ... 26 new angle - the enterprise 26 plunging down into the atmosphere , give chase ... 27 int . bridge 27 urgent . worf Range -- fifty kilometer . data a temporal vortex be form directly ahead of the sphere . 28 ext . earthas atmosphere 28 just ahead of the sphere we see a temporal vortex open -- a maelstrom of light and energy stretch into infinity . ENERGY explode from the vortex as the sphere begin to go inside ... 29 the enterprise 29 as it 's hit by the tremendous energy blast from the vortex . the ship spin around , nearly rip apart . 30 int . bridge 30 everyone thrown to the deck . console sparking . power fail . shaking . riker Main power off-line ! data switch to emergency back -up . riker check a console . riker we be catch in some kind of energy wake from the vortex ... picard worf ... torpedo ... now ! worf work ... 31 ext . earthas atmosphere 31 another quantum torpedo be launch from the Enterprise . but just before it hit the borg sphere , the sphere vanish inside the vortex . the torpedo hit the roiling energy of the vortex and detonate with a harmless flash . the vortex itself start collapsing ... 32 int . bridge 32 the shaking subside . data I have helm control . picard where 's the sphere ? worf they have travel into the vortex ... through time . disturb reaction . data the vortex be collapse , sir . picard contact starfleet Command . worf no response . ( react to console ) I be not read any starfleet com traffic in this entire sector . troi ( off console ) Captain , I have scan the planet . the atmosphere contain a high concentration of methane , carbon monoxide and fluorine . the ocean have be chemically alter , as well . picard on screen . she work , and on the View screen earth appear as see from orbit . the crystal blue marble be now cover by a thick , turbulent dark atmosphere -- pollute and ugly . reaction . picard life sign ? troi population ... thirty - five billion ... ( react ) all borg . a shocking moment . data ( off console ) the planet 's surface be cover with borg technology . ( beat ) so be the moon ... and three other planet in this solar system . troi but how ? picard they must have do it in the past ... they go back and change history ... riker ( stunne ) they do it ... they assimilate Earth . worf but if they change history ... then why be we still here ? data we be catch in the temporal wake from the vortex . it must have protect we from any change in the time - line . worf 's console sound a alarm . worf Captain , there be five borg ship close in on we position . picard ( make a decision ) data , set a course for that vortex . troi Captain ...? picard we have to follow they back ... repair whatever damage they have do to that time - line . data ( work ) course laid in . engage impulse engine . the ship be suddenly rocked . 33 ext . space - enterprise &amp ; borg ship ( optical ) 33 the Enterprise be be chase by five borg ship as it head down toward the planet . the borg vessel FIRE on the Enterprise . 34 int . bridge 34 as before . the ship be shaking . worf Hull integrity down to thirty percent ... picard steady as she go . 35 include viewscreen ( optical ) 35 ahead of the ship , we see the vortex collapse . the shaking increase . a console explode . worf borg vessel be close to two thousand meter . the ship be hit again and again . on the View screen , we be nearly on the vortex , but it 's close fast . picard take we in ! 36 ext . space - enterprise &amp ; vortex ( optical ) 36 the Enterprise just barely make it inside the vortex as it finally collapse . both the Enterprise and the vortex vanish . CUT to : 37 ext . space 37 a empty star field . suddenly , the vortex appear and the Enterprise come roaring out into space . the vortex vanish behind the ship . 38 int . bridge 38 the shaking subside . everyone exchange a look , try to re-orient themselves . picard report . riker we be still in Earth orbit . picard on screen . 39 include viewscreen 39 which show Earth . the borg pollution be go . picard what year be it ? data ( work ) accord to we astrometric reading ... the year be 2063 . worf Captain , I have find the borg sphere . it 's on the far side of the planet ... fire at the surface . picard ( to data ) intercept course , full impulse . ( to worf ) weapon status ? worf phaser be off-line ... we have two quantum torpedoe leave . but the computer target system have be destroy . picard go to manual . worf pop open a panel and a high - tech targeting console emerge with a small monitor and a traditional cross - hair in the center . worf grab the target hand - control -- futuristic joystick . 40 ext . space - the borg sphere 40 the ship be firing its weapon down toward the planet as the Enterprise come up over the horizon . 41 int . bridge 41 as before . worf work he control . a complex array of grid , coordinate information , speed data , and other weapon info on the monitor screen . he begin try to focus the cross-hair on the sphere . picard ( over above action , to troi ) track they weapon fire . troi ( off console ) western hemisphere ... North american continent ... data we be within torpedo range . riker they have see we . they be take evasive action . picard ( urgent ) mister worf ? worf struggle with the target system . worf target ... the crosshair keep miss the image of the borg sphere , which be now twist and turn to evade we . troi react to she console . troi Captain , they be fire at a nuclear missile silo ... in central Montana . worf ( struggle ) target ... picard ( worried ) Montana ... the crosshair finally lock on the borg sphere . worf target lock ! picard Fire ! 42 ext . space - the borg sphere 42 the quantum torpedo streak in from off - camera and slam into the borg ship . it penetrate the sphere as see before ... a long beat ... and then it explode . 43 int . bridge 43 as everyone react to the destruction of the sphere . but picard have no time for celebration . picard ( to data ) mister data , I want to know the exact date and time . ( to riker ) give I a damage report on that missile silo . data ( work ) today be March second , 2063 . the time in Montana be oh-eight - forty - five . riker ( work ) look like they damage the silo ... picard life sign ? riker can not tell . long-range bio - sensor be off-line . picard think for a moment ... make a instant decision and turn to worf . picard worf , have Doctor crusher , mister La Forge and a security team meet I in transporter room Three . civilian clothes . worf aye , sir . worf work . riker turn to he , curious . riker Captain ? picard in twenty - four hour , Zephram cochrane be suppose to conduct the very first warp test ... from a missile silo in Montana . if I be right , the borg be try to change the course of human history by kill he or destroy he ship . riker ( nod in understanding ) and if they succeed , human will not make first contact with the vulcan tomorrow . ( beat ) as first Officer I should be the one beam down ... picard normally , I would agree . but in this case , the mission require a certain knowledge of 21st century history . you be many thing , number one , but you be not much of a historian . he grin slightly , have to agree . riker good luck , sir . picard I will keep in contact . you have the Bridge . picard exit ... CUT to : 44 int . transporter room 44 picard , geordi and three security guard be check they phaser and tricorder . everyone be wear civilian clothes . geordi have a large engineering kit ... transporter Chief pull on a civilian jacket . she look a little frazzle - it 's be a long day in sickbay . beverly will somebody please tell I where we be go ? beverly join they on the pad . picard Montana . ( to Chief ) energize . beverly Montana ? well , that answer everything . why the hell be we -- they dematerialize . CUT to : 45 ext . montana plain - continuous - day 45 picard , geordi , beverly and the Security team materialize on the vast , roll plain of Montana . beverly ( continue ) -- go to Montana ? picard and geordi take out they tricorder and start scan the landscape . geordi ( off tricorder ) I have the silo , sir . bear three one zero ... distance , three hundred meter . picard let 's go . they start walk ... beverly go where ? hello ? be anyone go to tell I what we be do here ? picard we be here to find Zephram cochrane . he may be injure or dead . beverly cochrane ... the inventor of warp drive ? picard yes ... beverly but he 's be dead for three hundred ... ( realize , long sigh ) oh God ... we have go back in time again , have not we ? picard I be afraid so . if the borg succeed in prevent first contact with the vulcan ... Earth will remain in the second Dark Age ... a easy target when the borg arrive in the 24th century . beverly well , why do not you just say so in the first place ? picard give she a look . as they keep walk ... CUT to : 46 ext . space - the enterprise 46 hang in orbit of Earth . 47 int . engineering 47 close on a dead crewmember lie on she back . a sheet be cover she face . a hand reach in , pull back the sheet , revealing the face of a crewman . troi Lieutenant Sandra farrel . widen to reveal troi and data . data be hold back the sheet while troi scan the body with a tricorder . there be repair work go on in the b.g. two medical n.d.s stand by . troi it appear death be cause by a plasma discharge . ( beat ) I will note in she record that she never leave she post . troi glance at data , who be clearly disturb by the sight of the dead woman , hold he emotion in check with difficulty . troi do you know she ? data not very well . we meet shortly after the Enterprise - E be commission . I find she to be a most ... promise officer . troi look at he in concern . troi data ... be you sure you be all right ? data I be still have difficulty integrate certain emotion into my programming . grief , loss , remorse ... troi we still have to make report on ten more crewmen kill in action . maybe you should deactivate you emotion chip until we be do . data consider . data no. human being do not have that luxury , and neither should I . troi I will admit ... there be time when I wish I have a emotion chip I could turn on and off . riker's com voice riker to data . data ( tap combadge ) go ahead , Commander . intercut : 48 int . bridge 48 riker , worf , n.d.s at they station . riker we be read some kind of gas leak in the Environmental Control room . take a repair team down and check it out . data on my way , Commander . as data exit ... 49 ext . space - the enterprise 49 a wide shot of the ship . camera close on the aft section of the ship , move underneath of the hull , push in on a area at the very bottom of the Enterprise . 50 int . enviromental control 50 data and ensign porter enter through a set of door . the light be off in the room , dim . this be a large room cramme with many conduit , gas tank , 24th century machinery and monitor . it 's normally unmanned -- this be where oxygen , gravity , heat , and other environmental condition of the ship be control . in a far corner of the room a conduit lead to a series of high - pressure tank label " D - o2 " have rupture and be spewing a corrosive , poisonous gas . data scan it with he tricorder . data ( to porter ) one of the diathermic oxygen tank have be damage . porter ( shocked ) diathermic oxygen ? data it be a new subsystem of nova class ship . it regulate hydropressure and temperature variance . ( beat ) remain here . the gas be highly corrosive to organic material . it would liquefy you flesh on contact . porter be my guest , sir . data walk over to the spew gas tank , and without concern shove both hand into the corrosive gas ... ... grop around for the break conduit , finally grab hold of it ... and with android strength bend the metal conduit back into the bulkhead . the gas stop leak . data be completely unaffected by the corrosive gas . data ( to porter ) begin a diagnostic on the safety interlock . there appear to have be some damage during the attack . porter right . porter move around a corner , behind some equipment , out of data 's vision ... 51 new angle - porter 51 who open a panel on the wall . but instead of the neat and orderly starfleet technology , he be confront by a bizarre amalgam of organic and mechanical cabling , diode and what almost look like artery . some of the tube be pulsing with fluid and energy . porter react . porter what the hell ... porter pull aside a large conduit and stop . buried deep within the tangle of bio-circuit be what look like a human face cover with cybernetic tube and chip . it 's barely discernable in the darkness and clutter . porter be not even sure what he 's look at . he lean in for a closer look ... and suddenly the eye open . 52 data 52 who hear a thump and a sicken liquid crunch from off camera . he take a few step in that direction . data ensign porter ? he stand there for a moment , puzzle . then a faint skittering scrape can be hear -- like tiny claw on a metal surface . he whirl at the sound . data ensign ... be you all right ? no response . data walk around the now deathly quiet room ... turn the corner to where porter be work . he 's go . the open panel be still there , and there do not appear to be any place porter could have go . data look puzzle , take a step forward when he boot make a squishing sound . he look down ... data ( tap combadge ) data to Bridge . no response . data data to Security . ( beat ) this be Lieutenant data to anyone who can hear my signal . I need assistance in the Environmental Control room . nothing . data quickly turn and head for the door . there 's a metallic scrape above he and he look up -- 53 two borg 53 be climb to the ceiling like two spider ready to pounce . one of they have porter and appear to be insert some horrible borg device into he head . before data can react , the second borg suddenly lunge at data . CUT to : 54 ext . montana plain - missile silo - day 54 the silo be bury deep underground , but on the surface there be a large , pour concrete missile door . built to withstand a nuclear blast , the door have nevertheless be badly char and damage by the borg attack from orbit . there be large , smoking crater all around . part of the ground seem to have collapsed to a depth of ten foot , like a sinkhole nearby . picard and he team approach . geordi this must be it . picard how serious be the damage ? geordi ( off tricorder ) I be have trouble scan underground . there 's a lot of radiation leak from something . picard probably from the nuclear warhead . cochrane be plan to use it to ignite the warp drive . as they speak , beverly pull out a hypospray and give everyone injection . beverly this will protect we from the radiation . geordi move to the thick , concrete missile door , scan it . geordi I be pick up faint life sign twenty meter below . picard there should be a access hatch nearby ... everyone spread out ... look for the hatch . one of the guard -- lange -- find it . lange over here . everyone rush over to he . there 's a small hatch on the ground that have be partially hide by weed and brush . geordi kneel down , start work a complex - look lock on the hatch . geordi alphanumeric lock . we need a password to get in ... picard I have the password right here . picard pull out he phaser and everyone step back . he aim and fire at the hatch , which be blown OPEN , revealing a ladder that lead down into the darkness . as they start to crawl inside ... 55 int . missile silo - control room 55 this be the " mission control " for cochrane 's test site . the underground room be fill with 21st century equipment , console and monitor . one entire wall of the room be dominate by a huge metal blast door , which be now close . we will learn that on the other side of that door be the nuclear missile / warp ship itself . the ceiling have partially collapse . chunks of concrete and fall beam have destroy some of the equipment ... only a few of the console be active , most be dark or fritzing sporadically . the light be out , and the room be illuminate by a few smolder fire . four dead body can be see strewn around the room . it 's a scene of destruction . 56 picard 56 and he team enter the dark and smoking ruin . beverly and picard move to one of the dead man , while geordi and the Security Guards move to the other three . beverly roll the man onto he back -- he 's clearly dead . the name stitched on he uniform say rippert . picard look up . picard ( to other ) see if any of this man be cochrane . geordi and the Guards start check the dead body . geordi Mitchell ... depaul ... lange this one 's a woman ... name kirby . picard and beverly move toward the immense blast door . as beverly scan it , picard glance at a nearby desk ... 57 the desk 57 be litter with debris and various document and schematics . three photograph be pin to a bulletin board above the desk -- they show Zephram cochrane and two angle of he warp ship . the photo be odd - look , print on what appear to be some sort of cloth . beverly there 's a life sign behind this door ... about ten meter below . geordi move to the door . geordi blast door . it 's design to protect the control room when the missile be launch . picard there should be some kind of manual release ... they hunt around for a moment . geordi run he hand along the edge of the blast door . picard turn to the Guards . picard ( to Lange ) get that fire out and then try to restore main power to the control room . lange aye , sir . the Guards move off . geordi get it , Captain . geordi have find a emergency BOX with several pneumatic tube and a hydraulic lever label " emergency use only . " he pull down the lever , there be a hiss sound , and the blast door slowly slide down into the floor . we can now see the missile silo itself beyond the door . picard , geordi and beverly step into ... 58 int . missile silo - continuous 58 picard , geordi and beverly step onto the catwalk , which surround the silo wall . in the middle be the warp ship itself . it should look like a advanced icbm missile with a cockpit in place of the warhead , and with numerous modification to the fuselage . the cockpit be on the same level as the control room . on the side of the missile be the name " Phoenix " . the missile itself extend down another four stories . there be other catwalk below this one , with ladder connect the different level . beverly see something below . beverly there . 59 new angle 59 two catwalk below we can see a man sprawle on the grate . they all scramble down the ladder past the massive missile . ( note : because of the design of the silo , we will see the entire missile only in a few shot . for the most part , we view be limited to section of the missile . ) beverly reach the man , who be lie face - down on the metal grate . she scan he ... beverly severe radiation exposure ... geordi look over at the section of the missile on they level . the side panel have be remove , revealing complex circuitry within . picard join beverly , who turn over the injure man . it 's zephram cochrane -- the man whose picture we see on the borg monitor . beverly begin pull device out of she medkit , inject cochrane with a hypospray . cochrane be a man in he mid-forty . he have a youthful , dynamic appearance marre by recent radiation burn . picard it 's cochrane . beverly I have stabilize he for now ... but he 's in a coma and he 's go to need radiometric therapy . I want to take he to the ship . picard nod , reach into he pants pocket , take out a combadge . picard picard to Enterprise . ( no response ) Enterprise , please respond . geordi it could be the radiation , Captain . try from the surface . picard nod ... then take a deep breath , try to orient himself to the task at hand ... there 's a lot at stake and a lot to do . he turn to geordi . picard mister La Forge , listen very carefully . if you remember you history ... in less than twenty - four hour , a vulcan ship will be pass through this system . when it do , this ship need to be in space , fly at warp speed . geordi take a deep breath , it 's a tall order . geordi I would better get start . geordi go to work . picard bend down and carefully hoist cochrane up into a fireman 's carry . beverly follow he up the catwalk ... CUT to : 60 ext . missile silo - day 60 Minutes later . cochrane be lie on the ground . beverly be kneel beside he , unfold a portable stretcher from she medkit . picard be check two combadge with a tricorder . picard it 's not the radiation ... and there 's nothing wrong with the combadge ... the Enterprise just be not respond . beverly jean-luc , this man need medical attention , now . picard as I recall , the town of resurrection be about two kilometer East of here . they might have a hospital ... picard look troubled at the think . beverly what be we wait for ? let 's go . picard it may not be that simple . this be a extremely difficult and paranoid time in human history . beverly be you say they will not help we ? picard I be say they might shoot we on sight . you have to remember ... this people have watch they entire way of life collapse around they . beverly there must be some good people ... even in this time . picard let 's hope so . because if cochrane die ... the future may die with he . picard kneel down and they begin to carefully put cochrane on the stretcher ... CUT to : 61 int . enterprise - bridge 61 riker , troi and worf study a monitor which show a three - dimensional diagram of the Enterprise , which turn and rotate as need . the schematic show battle damage and repair effort . worf I have assign two damage control team to locate the source of we communication problem . so far , they have have no success . riker assign another team if you need to . I want to re-establish communication with the Captain as soon as possible . worf nod and begin make note on a padd . troi be we in any danger of be detect by Earth defense system ? worf there be no planetary defense system in this era . they weapon be design to fight each other ... not extraterrestrials . riker we have to start think about a way to get home . ( to troi ) analyze we reading from the temporal vortex . we be go to have to recreate whatever the borg do to -- just then the ship shudder and the light flicker . riker report . troi ( off console ) we just lose main power ... and we have get class - Three alert all over the ship . I be not sure what 's -- a alarm go off on worf 's console . he react to it . worf a ship - wide decompression have be initiate ! riker what ? troi we be venting we internal atmosphere directly into space ! 62 ext . enterprise 62 close on the saucer as vent and hatches pop OPEN on the hull and giant jets of vapor start blow out into space . 63 int . corridor 63 crewmember walk along be suddenly knocked to the floor as hurricane force wind blow through the corridor . the ship be venting air into space , create a virtual vacuum inside the ship ! the people in the corridor grab onto the bulkhead , struggle to hang on against the force of the wind ... 64 int . bridge 64 suddenly a emergency airlock on the Bridge open . violent wind roar through the Bridge and everyone hang on . troi be rip out of she chair , fly across the Bridge , slam up against the bulkhead , struggle to hang on . worf run over , grab she arm , keep she from fly out . riker manage to reach a control panel -- hit a button and a emergency bulkhead finally slide down over the airlock and the wind die down . everyone take a beat . riker what the hell be happen , worf ? worf ( off console ) it appear that someone have take over the Environmental Control room . troi someone ...? riker ( realize ) the borg . some of they must have beam over before we destroy they ship . ( to worf ) seal off that entire deck with emergency force field . troi wil ... data be down there . riker ( to worf ) mister worf ... find data if you can , but you top priority be isolate the borg . worf understood . worf head for a turbolift . off riker 's disturb expression ... CUT to : 65 close on data' face 65 his eye be close . there 's a beat , then he eye fly open and he look around . we pull back slightly , revealing data be lie on some kind of tabletop with metallic clamp and restraint . he tense he arm and try to move , but he be unable to break the restraint . about two foot in front of he face be what appear to be a bulkhead . there be a cacophony of strange background noise -- scratch , hiss , gurgle liquid , odd alien hum ... suddenly , the table begin to move . it rotate , and as it do so we realize that data have be hang upside down stare at the floor . it 's a disorient moment as we perspective change and data rotate upright . 66 data' Pov 66 as the table gyrate , we reveal the room slowly . and we realize we be in -- 67 int . borg hive 67 the Environmental Control room see earlier have now be transformed into the inner-sanctum of the borg . the room have a dark , moist , organic feel -- a tropical jungle of cybernetic equipment . the borg be alter the room , convert starfleet technology and material into the live , bio - mechanical look of the borg . we see one borg drine attach a small pod to a starfleet console and activate it . the pod immediately send out a complex web of borg technology which cover the starfleet console inside and out . it 's like weed overpower a flower bed -- within second the console have be borgified . the wall , ceiling and floor be now honeycombed with the alcove that make up the borg collective . borg drone be motionless in they alcove , cabling and other conduit connect they to various equipment ... while other borg be move about the room , carry out various modification to the room . at one point , we see ensign porter . he 's be completely borgify . his skin pale , expression blank . no hint of humanity leave . 68 data 68 still strapped to the table , which be twist and rotate , give he frightening new glimpsis of the room . a new image appear -- six borg drone be cluster together in one section of the room , each with a elaborate series of hose and conduit connect to its face . through the tube we can see a exchange of fluid and ENERGY pulsing back and forth -- some sort of bizarre " feed " or " renewal " be go on . the tube all seem to lead toward the ceiling . data be now horizontal on he back and the table lock into position . a borg drine open a panel on the side of data 's head , and begin connect a thick bundle of optical cabling to it . data ( to borg ) you effort to assimilate I will be unsuccessful . the borg ignore he , activate a console ... and the cabling connect to data 's head light up with power . they be try to connect he to the collective . data think for a moment , tilt he head slightly ... and then suddenly there 's a shower of SPARKS from the cabling he 's be connect to . the light on the cable go out . data have thwart they attempt . data ( to borg ) it would appear that resistance be not always futile . suddenly a new voice be hear echoing through the room -- a woman 's voice , low , seductive , deadly : woman' voice brave word . I have hear they before from thousand of species across thousand of world ... since long before you be create . data look up toward ... 69 the ceiling 69 a rustle of movemnet somewhere in the cyber-tangle ... almost like a snake slithering beneath the weed . and for a brief instant we get a glimpse of a face unlike any borg we have ever see . the face of a woman . pale - skinned ... pierce eye ... raven hair slicked back ... a hauntingly beautiful image in a sea of nightmarish technology . and then it 's go . 70 data 70 frown . he see it , too , but he 's not sure what to make of it . woman' voice but now ... they be all one with the borg . data I be unlike any lifeform you have encounter before . as a android , I be in complete control of my neural net . the information contain there can not be forcibly remove . woman' voice you be a imperfect be ... create by a imperfect be . find you weakness be only a matter of time . suddenly three borg drone converge on data with various wick - look borg device . one of the borg have a specialize cybernetic arm , which extrude a series of stiletto - tip drill spike . as the six - inch spike begin to bore into data 's head ... CUT to : 71 ext . montana - resurrection CITY - day 71 resurrection be a small town -- around 1,000 people -- a rural , western community that 's probably exist for at least two hundred year , and we can see the root of the original ranching community in some of the architecture . but it 's also a community of the 21st century . the most strike feature of the town be that it sit in the middle of nearly a hundred wind mill , which provide the only source of power for the town . the blade be enormous , but the structure support they be little more than simple pole . some be sleek , fiberglass , futuristic ... other have a more cobble together , make-shift appearance . at the moment , only a few blade be turn in the gentle breeze . picard and beverly emerge from the nearby wood carry the stretcher . they exchange a look at the sight of the city and then head toward it ... 72 ext . resurrection CITY - day 72 a few minute later . picard and beverly carry cochrane down the street toward the hospital at the end . as they walk along , we get we first taste of post- apocalyptic 21st century life : this be a recognizable american community , but it 's definitely a futuristic town . clothing , architecture , technology -- all have change over the course of seventy year . but it be a break future . what use to be high - tech public computer terminal be rusted and abandon . we can see the corrode hulk of hover - car lie idle in the street . futuristic element now useless . at one point , they pass a large polyurethane tent -- the inside surface be cover with condensation and we can see the silhouettes of people move within . the entrance be guard by a single militia Guard . later we will learn that this be a primitive greenhouse , the only place where they can grow uncontaminated food . what use to be a McDonald 's , or some other recognizable food chain , have now be gut and have be turn into a kind of blacksmith shop . people be fashion metal into various tool use hammer and tong . the sidewalk be populate with people , who congregate in small group , quietly talk amongst themselves , other just stare vacantly off into space . many of they have visible burn scar and damage to they body -- victim of the war and post- nuclear environmental danger . a few of they be apply a special lotion to they arm and face -- protection against the toxic element . a long food line snake around a block , as people line up to get they daily ration . a few people glance up at picard and beverly with curious or suspicious look . this be not a community that welcome stranger . at one point , they see a man dress in futuristic camouflage carry a automatic weapon -- we will learn he 's a militia soldier . he stare at they with a neutral expression , then walk off . the people here have that hollow - eye , listless look about they . they be go through something that make the great Depression look like a minor inconvenience . but there 's also a toughness to this people , a resilience and determination to survive in the face of overwhelming odd . we be look at we future ... and it 's on the verge of collapse . CUT to : 73 int . hospital - emergency room - day 73 a short time later . cochrane be be lift onto a operate table . picard and beverly step back from the table as a doctor and two nurse look he over . the doctor be in he early fifty and have a weathered , tired look to he . the hospital itself be like the rest of the town -- a futuristic set fall on hard time . the light in the room be provide mostly from the sunlight stream in through the window . Light bulb and other gear flicker dimly around the hospital -- we get the feel they have very little power . doctor how long have he be unconscious ? beverly at least four hour . he check cochran 's head injury as beverly take out she tricorder and scan he . doctor it look like he have a cranial fracture , but I will need X - ray to be sure . ( to nurse ) get Ruby in here . one of the nurse run off . beverly ( off tricorder ) he have a severe fracture of the leave occipital plate . he 's not hemorrhage ... but the radiation have damage he kna and he apr cell count ... he look at she curiously . doctor " apr cell count ? " what the hell be you talk about ? picard ( quickly ) Doctor crusher have be ... study some advanced medical theory . nurse ( be : tricorder ) what be that ? beverly it 's a ... new medical scanner . it 's a little more precise than a x-ray machine . the Doctor eye it . doctor be it japanese ? beverly um ... yeah . ( beat ) now he 's go to need a respirator . do you have one ? doctor we have two ... but we do not have the juice to run they . picard juice ? doctor power . there have not be a lot of wind through here for the last couple of week . most of the battery be deplete . beverly do not you have any generator , or other fuel source ? the Doctor throw she a irritate look . doctor maybe you would like to take you patient to the hospital in bozeme ... it 's only two hundred mile away . cochrane wheeze -- breathe become labor and rag . beverly scan he , urgent . beverly his automatic reflex be fluctuate . we have get to get he on a respirator . doctor ( to nurse ) bag he . the nurse pick up a portable respirator sack -- put it on cochrane 's face and squeeze the bag , force air into cochrane 's lung . picard have be think through this scene , finally have a solution . picard beverly -- you tricorder . she hand he she tricorder . picard ( to Doctor ) where 's the battery room for the hospital ? doctor I tell you , there 's no -- picard where ? doctor outside , around back . next to the water tank . picard rush out the door . beverly check cochrane 's pulse . beverly his heartbeat 's irregular ... beverly climb up on top of cochrane , straddle he , begin give he 24th century cpr . she take charge . beverly adrenaline -- ten CC 's ! as they rush to save he . 74 ext . hospital - day 74 the back of the building . picard rush out and spot a old , dilapidate battery unit provide power to the hospital . he quickly yank off the back panel , revealing a tangle of wire , and several large battery . he kneel down , then remove the back of the tricorder . 75 close on tricorder 75 as picard pull out a small power cell -- about half the size of a dime . the blinky on the tricorder go out . 76 picard 76 hold the power cell with one hand , and start pull out wire from the battery with the other . 77 int . hospital - emergency room - day 77 as before . beverly , the doctor and the nurse try to save cochrane . beverly ( pump he chest ) one ... two ... three ... compress ! the nurse squeeze the bag . suddenly the room be fill with the hum of power and all of the light and equipment come to life . monitor blink , fluorescent light flash on . everyone react with shock . 78 int . hospital ward - day 78 it 's fill with patient . the light and equipment here flash on , as well . doctor and patient alike react with surprise . 79 int . hospital - emergency room - day 79 picard enter . they have place a respirator down cochrane 's throat , and attach electrode to he chest . beverly have just finish give he a injection with a hypospray . the heart monitor in the background be now beat regularly . the doctor turn to picard . doctor what do you do to the battery ? picard oh ... just a little tinkering . how be he ? beverly he 's stable ... for now . ( with meaning ) but it would be better if we could contact ... we friend . picard yes . but until then , you will have to make do with what you have get . beverly that will be interesting . a woman' voice : ruby's voice what happen to he ? everyone turn . 80 new angle 80 revealing ruby sloane stand at the front of cochrane 's bed . a strike woman in she mid-to- late thirty -- dark hair , tall , lean , beautiful under normal circumstance but at the moment she 's not at she best , it look like she 's just come in from a hard day 's work . she 's wear a old lab coat . but the most strike quality of all be the innate intelligence we can see in she eye . she 's look directly at picard for a answer . picard realize he have to say something . he look into she eye and there be a moment here -- a brief spark of chemistry that in normal circumstance the Captain just might follow up . but at the moment , he shove that electric feel aside and try to give she a answer . picard there be some kind of explosion out at the missile silo ... she look at he for a moment , she eye boring into he without expression , as though probing the truthfulness of he statement . doctor Ruby , we be go to need a series of cranial x- ray tonight . ruby ( nod ) I have a fresh set of plate at home . I will have they here by eight . she turn back to cochrane , move to he side , gently take he hand and look at he with sad affection . ruby ( quiet ) take care of he . he 's a very special man . picard yes , he be . she look up at picard , and again there 's a slight feel of chemistry in the air . and then she turn and start to walk out of the room . picard 's combadge beeps . reaction . geordi be com voice La Forge to picard . ruby ( stop ) I think there 's someone in you pants . picard Excuse I . I have a ... telephone call . picard take a few step away , pull the combadge out of he pants pocket , tap it . Ruby watch he a beat , then walk out of the room . picard picard here . geordi be com voice Captain , we have a problem . I think you would better get back here . picard I be on my way . picard out . picard move to beverly . picard ( sotto ) I have to go back to the silo . will you be all right ? beverly I will be fine . ( be : cochrane ) he 's a different story . beverly begin examine the medical equipment she will have to work with as picard exit ... 81 ext . resurrection CITY STREET - day 81 a short time later . picard walk down the main street back toward the gate . people pass he , take no notice of he ... picard 's mind think ahead . he happen to glance down a side street , then he stop . 82 new angle 82 look down the side street . Ruby , the mysterious woman from the hospital , be walk along with a camera bag now sling over she shoulder . she stop for a moment as she pass the hulk of a burnt - out old hover car ... stare at it ... then pull a home - make futuristic camera out of she bag and snap a picture of the car . she continue on she way . picard be intrigue -- wonder about this woman and what it be she could be take a picture of . just then -- man' voice catch . picard turn just in time to catch a small , metal canister with a screw - top . the man who throw it step into view . it 's lieutenant scrimm . scrimm be the head of the town 's militia . while not a physically threaten man , there be a quietly disturbing quality about he which convey a intelligence lace with a tightly rein volatility . he 's wear futuristic combat fatigue and always carry a sidearm . before the war , scrimm be probably one of the " survivalist " who use to be dismiss as radical until they prediction of armageddon come true . at the moment , scrimm be present he friendliest face to picard . scrimm ( pleasant ) think you will need that . picard eye the canister , not sure what to make of it . scrimm it 's no zone solution . ( off he look ) you know . " no ozone . " he point to the sky . picard oh ... yes ... ultraviolet protection . thank you . mister ...? scrimm Lieutenant , actually . Lieutenant Jonathan scrimm . I be the head of the resurrection protective Force . ( beat ) and you be ? picard jean-luc picard . scrimm great name . french ? picard yes . scrimm you do not sound french . scrimm be still smile at he , but he eye never leave picard . picard I be raise in England and here in the States . thank you for the ... no zone . picard begin to walk away , not want to engage any citizen of the town . scrimm fall in next to he . scrimm where in the States ? picard oh ... here and there . you know how it be . scrimm not really . I be bear and raise right here . never have much use for travel . he casually step in front of picard , block he way . scrimm where be you from most recently ? picard ( think fast ) California . San Francisco . scrimm beautiful city . use to be , anyway . I do not think anyone still live there . picard there 's a few of we leave . picard step around he and continue walk down the street . scrimm wait a beat , then walk after he again . scrimm that be a pretty clever trick you do with the hospital 's battery . how would you do it ? picard it be not a trick . I use to be a electrical engineer . scrimm huh . he step in front of picard again , still pleasant but a little bit of a smile fade from he face . picard realize he be not go to shake this man so easily . scrimm and what be you do out at the missile silo ? picard I be a old friend of cochrane 's ... I want to see how he be do . scrimm lucky for he you come by when you do . he might be dead now . picard yes . scrimm maybe you can tell I what he 's be do in that silo . we hear some explosion out there this morning ... picard I think he be run a test on a old rocket engine ... and one of the fuel cell burst . scrimm eye he evenly . scrimm you seem to have a answer for everything . picard something wrong with that ? scrimm not yet . a tense beat . then scrimm smile easily . scrimm ( be : balm ) be sure you put that on . you need a lot of protection around here . he hold picard 's eye for a moment . picard thank you . but I have never have much trouble protect myself . now it 's picard 's turn to smile pleasantly at scrimm . picard walk around he and head for the gate . scrimm watch he go with a thoughtful expression -- clearly , he 's more than a little suspicious ... CUT to : 83 ext . space - the enterprise 83 in orbit of Earth . 84 int . corridor 84 worf and a large security detachment -- a dozen or so man and woman -- be move down the corridor with grim look on they face . they be carry new powerful - look phaser rifle and other equipment . the feel be of a elite combat squad head for a dangerous mission . they stop at one point and worf lift up a deckplate , expose a large hatch in the floor . worf hit he combadge . worf worf to Bridge . we be in position . 85 int . bridge 85 riker in command , troi nearby . riker be stand at the security station look at a monitor which display a schematic graphic of the ship . the position of the security team be flash -- we can see they be on deck 46 . riker this be the Bridge . I be release the emergency force field . he nod to troi , who work a console . 86 int . corridor 86 worf and he team watch as the forcefield protect the hatch flash off . worf reach down and release the hatch , which slide open with a soft whoosh . he glance at he man for a moment , then jump down the hatch ... 87 int . deck 47 - corridor 87 as worf land on he foot . the light be dim , no power on this deck , hard to see . he look around warily for a moment , phaser at - the-ready , then activate he wrist beacon . we immediately notice that we can see worf 's breath -- it 's freezing cold down here . he shine the light around the darken corridor , then silently motion he arm for the other to follow . a beat , then we see the security officer start to drop into the corridor from the hatch above ... 88 new angle - corridor 88 as worf 's squad spread out along the hall , weapon at - the-ready , everyone alert with finger on the triggers . we see that the phaser rifle be equip with they own light source , intend to illuminate the target before you shoot at it . the Security officer be constantly move they light back and forth through the chilly air . worf give hand signal -- hold up two finger , then a fist , and point forward . two Guards trot down the corridor about fifteen foot , stop , and take up fire position ... then two more member of the team run down , leap frog ahead of they and take position further down the corridor . classic military deployment . worf start scan with a tricorder . worf ( hit combadge ) worf to Bridge . riker's com voice riker here . worf there 's a dampen field in place on this deck . we tricorder be useless . the team continue to explore deck 47 . it 's spooky , eerie , a sense of menace around every corner . they open door , check room by room , section by section , still no sign of the borg in the freezing cold darkness . 90 angle on security guard 90 the corridor directly ahead have be stripped of wall , ceiling and deck panel -- all the normal decorative Enterprise sheathing be go , revealing the circuitry and machinery of the ship itself . unlike the rest of the corridor , there do appear to be power flow through some of the conduit up ahead , and it give off a eerie glow . we can also see that some of the machinery have be alter and change -- not just the neat and orderly arrangement you would expect to find behind bulkhead -- there 's a sense of cross - circuitry , re-wiring , equipment be rearrange . clearly , a lot of work have go on in this area of the ship . worf step forward , examine the corridor closely . ensign hawk what the hell be go on ? worf borg ... worf signal the team forward , and they slowly begin pick they way down the borgify corridor . it 's not easy -- they have to choose they foot carefully as they walk through the maze of cable , circuit , and machinery ... ensign Hawk accidentally step on some circuitry , which give off a beep . the entire team suddenly whirl they light and weapon on the unfortunate ensign , who pale at they sudden attention . worf look irritate , then motion he team to continue they search . they continue make they way down the spooky corridor ... and as they turn a corner ... 92 new angle - another corridor 92 where the machinery be now thicker and more borg - like in appearance . tube and cabling hang down from the ceiling . if anything , it 's even colder in here . the deeper they go , the worse it get . we can now hear a low , sinister hum of alien power . at the end of this corridor be the enviromental control room , as see earlier . the entire doorway be go -- and a weird pulsing glow fill the room . worf stop he team at the sight . from this vantage , we cannot see directly into the room , but clearly something be go on in there . worf signal he man to spread out , and they take up position around the corridor , all weapon train on Environmental Control . worf worf to Bridge . we be about to enter the Environmental Control room . riker's com voice any sign of data , or the borg themselves ? as work and riker continue talk , we move to ensign Hawk , who be now the last man in the formation , cover the rear . he 's shine he phaser - beacon into the empty darkness . he can not help look back over he shoulder at the rest of the team and the distant Environmental Control room -- that seem to be where the action be . as he turn , he beacon move with he , throw the corridor behind they in and out of darkness . worf ( continue ) negative . however , they have reconfigure the odn network ... and re-route all power on this deck into Environmental Control . as worf speak , ensign Hawk turn back , but this time when he shine he beacon into the darkness , something move in the distance -- a shadow . the ensign freeze , bring he rifle up . but do he see it , or be it he imagination ? a tense beat as he wait , heart pound ... but nothing happen . on the wall next to he head we see what can only be describe as a bio -mechanistic cable creep out of the wall ... which begin slowly head for the ensign 's neck . just as he begin to sense that something be happen behind he , the cable whip out around he neck and yank he deep into the bed of circuitry in the blink of a eye -- the motion so fast we have trouble follow it . worf turn he head at the sound . worf stand by , Commander ( to team ) where 's ensign Hawk ? everyone look around , surprised that he 's not there . everyone be alert , key up . the tension be thick . utter silence , except for the hum of the machinery and the frosty breathe of the team . riker's com voice worf ? be something wrong ? worf something be very wrong , Commander . we be fall back . worf give hand signal for the team to move out . but just as they start to fall back , everything happen at once . 93 borg drone 93 explode out of the wall , ceiling and floor ! what follow be a blur of action happen so fast and furious we never get a true sense of what 's happen . a flurry of violence and motion and image : -- a snarling borg face -- half -human , half - machine , a cybernetic nightmare . -- strange , bio-mechanical weapon extrude from borg body , ripping into human flesh . -- a crewmember pulled into a bed of machinery . worf Fire at will ! but the borg be already on top of they . it 's a brutal fight in close quarter with no escape . phaser and borg laser lighting up the corridor , body fly through the air ... utter chaos and terror . the fight go hand to hand and worf see that they do not have a chance ... worf ( throw off a borg ) fall back ! the team start backpedal , firing as they go ... but the borg be unstoppable now -- they put up personal force field to protect themselves . worf go , go , go ! worf push he man down the corridor . everyone turn and run like hell . worf bend down and grab a frighten Lieutenant by the collar , pull he along . 94 various shot : 94 -- the team run through the corridor , shoot behind they at the pursue borg , to no effect ... -- two of the borg raise they arm and FIRE laser burst out of they arm and wrist , take down two Security Guards . worf see they fall but there 's no time to go back . 95 int . deck 46 - corridor 95 as worf 's team start climbing up and out the dark hatch in the floor see earlier . 96 int . deck 47 - corridor 96 as the last member of worf 's team climb out to safety . the borg swarm be about to overpower worf . he quickly hit a few control on he phaser , set it to overload . we hear the building whine . he jump straight up into the air , grabbing onto the hatch rim , pull himself up . he barely manage to vanish from view just as the phaser explode in a fiery blast , take out several of the borg drone . 97 int . deck 46 - corridor 97 the conclusive blast come up through the hatch , cause worf to duck for a moment . worf reach out to close the hatch , when a borg hand burst up from below and grab he forearm . it 's a test of strength . worf reach over with he other arm , hit a control and the hatch slide close , severing the borg arm in a shower of spark . worf worf to Bridge -- force field ! the force field flash into place . worf and he team sit there a moment , catch they breath , stunne at what they have just be through . riker's com voice what the hell happen down there , worf ? worf Commander ... we have a problem . off worf 's shake expression ... CUT to : 98 int . missile silo - catwalk - day 98 geordi and picard be walk down the catwalk ladder toward the missile 's massive engine . now that the smoke have clear and the place have be clear up a bit , we get we first good look at the ship and the damage do in the borg attack . geordi ( on the move ) cochrane be go to use this solid rocket booster to lift the ship into orbit . before the warp drive take over ... everything would depend on this old chemical engine . ( beat ) now here 's the problem ... they arrive at a point on the fuselage where we can see a large section of the engine have be blasted away , leave a deep , ugly scar -- break conduit line , wire that now lead to nothing . it 's clear that a key piece of equipment have be destroy . geordi ( be : damage ) this use to be the throttle valve assembly . ( observe it ) it control the thrust of the engine . it 's be completely vaporize ... and without it , there 's no way to launch the ship . picard can you reconstruct the throttle valve ? geordi yeah ... if I know what it look like . there 's probably five hundred way to design a valve like this ... picard we need to launch this ship in under eighteen hour ... ( beat ) there must be some design schematics ... blueprint ... geordi we be tear this place apart look for they ... but the computer be down , and the fire destroy half the file ... so far , nothing . they look at the damage in frustration . geordi if it be just part of the warp drive , I would know what to do . but this ... it 's like try to rebuild orville wright 's airplane with canvass and stick . picard think , remember something . picard wait a minute ... 99 int . control room 99 moment later . picard and geordi be look at the three cloth -print photograph see earlier -- the headshot of cochrane and two different angle of the three cloth - print photograph see earlier -- the warp ship with people work on it . picard spread they out on the desk . geordi yeah , I look at this already . geordi point to a photo of the ship -- a worker be walk in front of the throttle assembly , block most of it from view . geordi you can almost see the throttle assembly in this one ... but this guy walk in front of it when they take the picture . picard consider , absently stick he hand in he jacket pocket . he pull out the canister of balm scrimm give he and toss it onto the table . picard could you reconstruct the throttle from a photograph like this ... if that man be not block the view ? geordi think it over . geordi maybe ... ( beat ) sure . yeah . as long as I could get a clear look at the intake configuration . but so far , we have not find any other photo . picard ( stare at photo ) if there be other photograph ... I think I may know how to find they . CUT to : 100 int . borg hive 100 it 's a while later , and the borg be make progress . data be strapped to the table , panel open on he head and chest . Three borg drone be work methodically on he inner-circuitry . the jag voice of the woman cut in : woman' voice you resistance be ... illogical . to we , you neural net be simply another piece of technology . we will learn its secret . data stare at the murky ceiling . data who be you ? woman' voice I be the borg . data that be a contradiction . the borg act as a collective consciousness . there be no individual . woman' voice I be the beginning ... the end . I be the one who be many . I be the borg . out of the mist that hug the top of the room descend the borg queen . she be unlike any of the borg drone we have ever see -- a humanoid female with conduit and tube run out of she body . she have no leg . her torso be suspended by a complex rig of cable and hydraulics . her face and upper-torso be much more humanoid , with the pasty - pale white of borg flesh . her eye have a silvery glint to they . her demeanor be seductive and sensual in contrast to the harsh , mechanical surroundings . she be a eerie blend of two world -- organic and mechanical . with the soft hiss of hydraulics , she lower herself down to where she face be very close to that of data 's . her feature be almost angelic , but the silvery glint in she eye betray a inner-darkness . data you be the guide intelligence behind the borg ...? borg queen Intelligence ... ambition ... desire ... I bring order to chaos ... she study he face with a certain child - like quality . borg queen it 's unfortunate we will have to destroy you to obtain the information we need . you be a ... unique lifeform . ( beat ) synthetic ... and yet far more than a simple automaton . you have no idea how close to perfection you be . she stare at he intently , and we get the hint that she interest in data may go beyond simple assimilation . she seem fascinate by he . data pick up on this . data how do you define perfection ? the Queen open she arm slightly , clearly indicate herself . borg queen a blend of the organic and the synthetic . the high form of life in the galaxy . data eye she , consider . data a interesting definition . but it be not one that apply to I . I be completely artificial . I have no organic component . she look at he as a new think cross she mind . she might have just find the chink in data 's armor . borg queen have you ever wonder what it 's like to have flesh ? data it be impossible to imagine sensation for which I have no frame of reference . she smile . borg queen that ... can change . the Queen look to the three borg drone and give they a silent command . the drone immediately stop work on data 's open panel ... and shift they attention to he right arm . one of the drone tear off the sleeve on data 's uniform , expose he bare arm . another then use a small cut device to slice off the synthetic skin from data 's arm . as data prepare himself for the worst ... 101 int . enterprise corridor 101 three armored security guard with phaser rifle run into view , hit a control panel on the wall . a giant emergency bulkhead come slamming down , cut off the rest of the corridor . the security guard turn to run down the hall , but then there be a high - pitch shriek of wrenching metal . they drop to the deck and take combat stance . guard # 1 set phaser to rotate modulation ! they make adjustment to they weapon just as the bulkhead door explode inward in a blind flash . the guard shield themselves against the fire and debris ... look up just in time to see the swift and lethal shape of the borg jump through the smashed bulkhead , racing down the corridor toward they . the guard FIRE , and when they do the phaser blast alternate color -- red , blue , green , purple , orange -- a staccato of color as the phaser shift frequency . the phaser blast take down a few of the borg ... but then we see the distinctive personal forcefield of the other borg begin to compensate , and the phaser no longer affect they . guard # 1 that 's it , they have adjust -- fall back ! they turn to run but borg phaser FIRE lance out from the borg soldier and rip they apart . CUT to : 102 int . bridge 102 the mood be tense , grim . riker , worf and troi be gather around a schematic of the enterprise . the lower portion of the ship have be block off by the color red , represent the borg advance through the ship . a they watch , another section of compartment and corridor suddenly turn red . riker let out a wary breath , start point to various point along the schematic . riker all right ... we have lose control of eight deck ... three cargo bay ... one shuttlebay . troi do we have any idea how many borg we be deal with ? worf we see at least thirty ... and there be twenty - two Enterprise crewmember report miss ... include Commander data . riker we will have to assume they have be assimilate into the collective . troi even data ? worf data 's positronic net contain classified information on the Enterprise . Command code , security protocol ... riker if they control data , they control the ship . a grim beat . riker we can not worry about that right now . let 's concentrate on what we can . they stare at the schematic . worf to control the Enterprise , they will have to gain access to one of two location . Main Engineering ... or the Bridge . riker we have to cover both possibility . ( to troi ) we will take care of the Bridge . worf , take you man and seal off Main Engineering . turn it into a fortress -- nothing get in . worf nod and exit . as riker and troi exchange a tense look ... CUT to : 103 ext . resurrection CITY - hospital - night 103 the hospital be completely lit up -- the only building in town with this much power . 104 int . hospital corridor - night 104 picard walk down the hall , stop outside a door mark " x- ray processing . " the red light be on above the door , but that mean nothing to picard ... who open the door and step inside ... 105 int . x-ray processing room 105 much like a traditional darkroom , trays of chemical and wash , etc . but everything have a slightly futuristic and cobble - together feel . they be develop x-ray by hand instead of by machine . the room be light with a amber glow . as soon as picard open the door , we hear Ruby 's voice : ruby's voice shut that door ! picard quickly shut the door behind he , look around the room . Ruby , who 's work at a tray of chemical , turn around in fury . ruby what be you , a idiot ? do not you see the red light be on ? picard ah ... yes ... but , I do not realize that -- ruby thank God this plate be already fix . she pull down a small pane of glass ( probably from a window ) out of a tub of water ... hold it up to the light . and there on the glass be a X - ray of a man 's skull . picard move to she . picard ( be : x-ray ) cochrane ? ruby yes ... and I only have enough silver halide for one shot . so you be lucky you do not screw it up . picard I be very sorry . she glance at he , see he feel genuinely bad . she soften a little . ruby do not worry about it . she pick up a rubber squeegee and carefully start to dry off the pane of glass . ruby do you need something ? picard yes ... I want to ask you about some photograph I see out at the silo . there be three of they ... print on some kind of fabric . ruby bed sheet . ( off he look ) I use my last set of bed sheet to make that print . not the best material , but I have not see a clean piece of paper in five year . picard do you take any other picture of the rocket ? the x-ray be now dry , and Ruby turn and look at he . ruby sure. ( jokingly ) why , do you want to buy they ? picard do not realize she be kid -- jump on the opportunity to get the photo . picard yes . I do not have any money right now , but I may be able to get some . Ruby look at he for a moment -- be he serious ? she give he a curious smile . ruby " money . " so you can get dome money ... picard I can try . ruby you would have to try real hard . no one 's use currency in over ten year . what be you , from another planet ? picard hesitates , smile at she , try to laugh it off . picard no ... but sometimes I feel that way . ( beat ) what I mean be , I would be willing to trade for the photograph . ruby Trade . okay . the photograph ... for a straight answer . ( beat ) who be you ? and how do you know Zephram ? picard I be a old friend ... I meet he when he be do he undergraduate work at Cornell back in -- ruby ( cut he off ) ' fraid not . Ruby walk past he with the x-ray ... 106 int . hospital corridor - continuous 106 picard follow Ruby out into the corridor . she have a satisfied smile on she face -- it 's not easy to put one over on this woman . and the truth be , she 's enjoy picard 's frustration . as they walk along ... picard what ? ruby ( casual ) you be lie . picard what make you say that ? ruby you be not someone who lie very easily ... so it 's obvious when you do ... at least to I . picard be you always sucha good judge of character ? she stop , turn , look at he . ruby always . Ruby turn and walk off . picard follow she , doggedly determine to get that photo ... 107 int . hospital - emergency room - night 107 beverly be hold the x-ray glass Ruby make up to the light , as the Doctor see earlier look on . beverly the occipital fracture be widen ... we be go to have to fuse the bone ... doctor I be a little worried about some of this bone fragment . if they move any closer to the brain , we could be look at a hemorrhage . as beverly and the Doctor examine the x-ray , we move to Ruby , who 's look down at cochrane . he 's still in bed and on a respirator . she smoothes he hair with affection . picard stand on the other side of the bed , watch she . picard be the two of you ... involved ? ruby no ... not like you and Doctor crusher use to be . picard ( surprised ) how do you know about that ? Ruby look at he with a smile . ruby I do not . her smile widen , and then she leave the bed to join the Doctor and beverly . picard shake he head and smile after she -- chagrin and amused at the same time . ruby ( to Doctor ) we can not take any more x-ray until I can mix up a new batch of the silver halide . doctor can you do it tonight ? we may have to operate . ruby sure . it will be ready by morning . Ruby turn and head for the door . picard move after she . picard Ruby ... I need to talk to you about that photograph . it 's very important . ruby I be sure it be . but it will have to wait until tomorrow . picard it can not wait until tomorrow ... ruby too bad . ( beat ) besides , it will give you all night to think up a new set of lie . she flash he that smile again , then dart out the door . picard be leave frustrated -- he know that he can not let it go at that ... CUT to : 108 int . enterprise - engineering 108 worf and a team of ten security guard be prepare for battle . they be set up large , heavy - duty phaser equivalent of machine gun -- big , mean-look weapon on tripod . there be two of this weapon aim at each entrance to Engineering . the Security officer be strapping on body armor , check weapon , building makeshift barricade over each of the door . worf be in command , direct the action . worf ( to team ) double check each assault phaser ... make certain that the range set be no more than thirty meter . we do not want to blast through the hull . worf turn and pick up he bat 'leth sword off a nearby console . he check the sharpness of the blade . security officer be you sure you do not want something a little more ... sophisticated , sir ? worf mind you post , Lieutenant . the Lieutenant decide not to pursue the matter and move off . worf make a quick practice motion with the sword ... decide he 's ready . 109 int . bridge 109 riker and troi watch the schematic . riker work a control and the display zoom in to display a cutaway view of the ship highlight Engineering and the surround deck . a swarm of dot represent the borg be advance on Engineering . riker ( to com ) riker to Engineering . mister worf ... the borg be approach you position . worf com voice understood . we be ready . riker and troi watch as the dot move closer ... closer ... right up to the perimeter of Engineering . the dot begin surround Engineering -- which look like it 's be swarm over by a sea of ant . 110 int . engineering 110 as before . the security guard have take position around the room , all weapon train on the door . worf be stand in front of the warp core , bat'leth in - hand . worf ( call out ) charge weapon ! a massive hum of power fill the room as all of the phaser weapon begin charge . it 's tense -- everyone stand ready with they weapon charge . this be the moment of truth . worf stand ready , phaser in one hand , bat'leth in the other . this be worf at he purest -- the warrior ready for battle . 111 int . bridge 111 riker and troi , as before , watch the schematic of the ship . the dot represent borg have now completely surround Engineering on all side , include the deck directly above and below . in essence , the borg have cocoon Engineering from the rest of the ship . 112 int . engineering 112 as before . worf and the security team in they position , tense . a few beat of silence ... then they start to hear soft scratching come from somewhere behind the wall -- it sound like rat skitter through the wall and ceiling of a old house . everyone stay alert , check and re-check they weapon ... a couple of hard swallow ... then from somewhere up above a loud , metallic clang . then a large , scraping SOUND that seem to start at one end of the room and travel to the other . there 's a overpower sense of creature just outside that wall , move about . it 's unnerve , even for crack starfleet troops . 113 int . bridge 113 riker and troi watch the display . the borg dot teeming around Engineering like ant on a candy bar . 114 int . engineering 114 the claw , skitter , clanging noise increase and get louder ... ... we expect to see the borg burst into the room at any moment . worf tighten he grip on he bat'leth , tooth bare . unbearable tension and then ... the noise begin to fade away ... eventually disappear all together . if anything , the silence be even scarier . worf 's eye narrow . he look around the room , all he sense alert , wait for the slight sign of the borg ... but nothing happen . 115 int . bridge 115 riker and troi react to the diagram as the borg dot begin move away from Engineering . it look like the swarm of ant have leave the candy bar and be on the ground , move toward the forward part of the ship . troi they be bypass Engineering ... riker where the hell be they go ? off the mystery ... CUT to : 116 int . borg hive 116 close on data' face . his eye be close -- he be in the android equivalent of sleep . camera rotating and pushing in on he face as we hear the overlap sound of voice from data 's past -- picard , riker , troi , the Enterprise crew , alien he 's meet , data 's own voice ... bit and piece of he life ... the theme of the sound bite should be data 's quest for humanity : picard give he advice , troi counseling he , soong talk to he son , etc . the last line of dialogue we hear be data say " I want to be more human . " borg queen' voice data ... data 's eye fly open , now awake . we pull back revealing that data be still strapped to the borg operate table ... he right arm and shoulder be encase in some kind of strange cybernetic shell , obscure from view . clear tube run out of the shell into borg machinery -- liquid be coursing through the tube . a couple of borg drone be move about the room , carry out various task . there 's be a change since we have be here last . there be now several plexiglass cylinder surround data 's table -- each of they fill with some kind of murky red fluid , which be swirl around . every once in awhile , something that look like RAW flesh bump up against the clear plexiglass , then disappear again . we do not know what this tube be for , but they be definitely creepy . data take all this in , but there be nothing he can do , he 's still immobilize . suddenly the table rotate and begin to move up toward the mist and cabling at the top of the ceiling . it stop a few foot away ... and data find himself face - to - face with the borg Queen again . borg queen you have take you first step toward perfection . how do it feel ? data I do not know what you be refer to . borg queen that 's because you have not be properly ... stimulate yet . a whoosh of hydraulic power signal another movement by the borg Queen . she slither through the air and down slightly , so that she be on the same level as data . she look at the cybernetic shell that be encase data 's right arm , which open at she silent command and move away ... we can now see that all of the skin have be remove from data 's right arm , show the inner - working of he android limb -- circuitry and servos , etc . but on the top of the mechanical forearm there be something new -- a small patch of human flesh hold in place with various nasty - look hook and clamp and small tube carry blood . it 's a delicate , fragile piece of organic life on a ugly , mechanical surface . data look down at the patch of flesh with a little puzzlement . borg queen ( be : flesh ) do you know what this be , data ? data it would appear that you be attempt to graft organic skin onto my endo-skeletal structure . borg queen what a cold description ... for such a beautiful gift . she smile slightly , utterly confident . she lean she face in close to data 's still immobilize right arm . 117 extreme close up - data' arm 117 we be so close to the patch of flesh that we can see the individual hair . the borg Queen 's lip move into frame , and she exhales a long and sensuous breath . we see goose bump form on the skin , and the hair stand straight up in response . 118 new angle 118 as data 's eye widen and he look down at the skin in surprise -- this be a sensation he 's never feel before . the borg Queen see the look on he face and smile . borg queen be that good for you ? data can barely describe the sensation . but clearly , it be pleasurable . data it be ... interesting . he look at she . data do it again ... please . as she smile ... CUT to : 119 ext . ruby's house - night 119 a tiny , single - story house -- one or two room at the most , in serious need of repair and maintenance . no yard . the house sit on dirt . the nearest other structure be at least a hundred yard away . a very solitary place . the window be dark , paint over from the inside . some large piece of exotic-looking equipment be sit off the front porch . after a beat , the front door open , let out a soft , feeble light . Ruby step out onto the porch , carry a gallon size plastic jug . the light from the house now light the equipment a little , give we a better view . there 's a contraption that appear to be a pump of some kind , with a funnel on top , spigot at the bottom , and several stage of filter and tub in between . Ruby set the jug underneath the spigot ... then sit down for a moment on the edge of the porch . she take a breath and run a hand through she hair , stretch she back , try to work out some of the kink in she neck . a exhaust day . 120 picard 120 be watch she intently from afar . he 's conceal behind a support beam of one the town 's many windmills . he 's in shadow , hide from Ruby 's view . 121 ruby 121 pull off she jacket . she 's wear a pull - over shirt ... and in one motion she pull off the shirt , revealing only a tee-shirt underneath , sleeve tear off long ago . she stand up ... kick off she boot ... undoe she pants ... and begin slide the jeans off she hip ... 122 picard 122 be surprised . glance around , a little awkward . this really be not why he come out here . 123 ruby 123 kick aside the jeans . she 's now down to tee-shirt and panty . she grab the bottom of the tee-shirt ... pull it off ... 124 picard 124 do not want to look , but can not help himself ... 125 ruby 125 move to the side of the porch ... and step into a large enviromental suit , a bulky one - piece with glove and helmet attach . 126 picard 126 be a little relieved ... keep watch ... 127 ruby 127 have now encase herself in the thick , rubbery suit ... pull over a helmet with a gas mask . she walk over to a oil drum mark with a distinctive bio - hazard symbol . she carefully open the lid ... take a metal pitcher ... reach down into the drum and scoops out a pitcher - full of toxic waste . she close the lid , walk over to the pump -filter contraption . she pour the sludge- like waste into the funnel ... prime the pump ... make a few adjustment to the filter ... and then turn the spigot ... after a beat , a trickle of clear liquid start to come out of the spigot . Ruby step back and pull off the helmet . 128 picard 128 watch , curious about what she 's do ... 129 ruby 129 be now out of the bio-suit again ... pull on she shirt and jeans ... grab she jacket ... turn off the light in the house , and shut the front door behind she . she begin walk toward the windmill . 130 picard 130 step behind the girder , stay very still in the shadow ... wait quietly as Ruby pass by the windmill without a glance and head into town . after she 's go , picard step out from he hide place , watch she go , then quickly head for Ruby 's house ... 131 front porch 131 picard open the front door and go inside ... but he do not notice that at the base of the doorjamb a small red light start flash -- some sort of silent alarm . 132 int . ruby's house - continuous 132 picard enter and close the door behind he . it 's dark . he fumble around for a light switch ... finally locate one ... and a soft , golden glow fill the room . the house have only one room , which function as a live room , kitchen , bedroom , etc . this be also Ruby 's darkroom . the window have be paint black , and there be photographic plate and futuristic photo - equipment all around . but the most strike feature of the house be the large , hang cloth - print photograph . they vary in size and shape . some be hang on wall , other hang from the ceiling in mid - air , still other be stack on the few piece of furniture that 's here . the absence of paper have force Ruby to print photo on anything she can find -- bed sheet , shirt , piece of upholstery , back of carpete , etc . picard stand there for a moment , take in the scene -- he 's never be in anyplace quite like this . the cloth photo give the room a feel of a small , intensely personal gallery . picard move around the room , look from photo to photo ... hunt for the elusive shot of the missile silo ... and as he do , we get we first close look at Ruby 's image , and they tell we a great deal about she ... she have a artistic eye for find beauty in the mundane and the ugly . there be picture of hope amidst despair ... beauty amongst devastation . there seem to be a theme run through the photograph -- a romantic , almost idealistic sense of optimism . at one point , picard find a photograph he recognize . it 's the rusted - out hover car she photograph on the street of resurrection . it 's a ugly , decrepit piece of junk ... but there in the center , spot-light by a single ray of sunshine ... be a tiny flower about to bloom . picard take in the image for a brief moment ... then push onward ... go to a file of photo sit in a box ... begin sorting through they quickly ... we see pre - war photo print on real paper . they show a young Ruby with she parent ... resurrection the way it use to look ... Ruby with a dog ... picard pause , frown ... get the odd feel that someone be watch he . he turn around to see ... 133 himself 133 a three foot photograph of picard be drying in the air behind he . Ruby must have take the photo when picard be on the street talk to scrimm . it be take through a telephoto lens , a close - up of picard 's face -- he look focus , determine , heroic . it 's a remarkable shot of the Captain , and even picard be a little take aback by the image . she 's capture the essence of the man . click -clack ! the sound of a shotgun be cocked . picard freeze ... slowly turn around to see who 's there ... 134 rubby 134 be stand in the open doorway , a shotgun levele at picard . ruby you should pay closer attention to that little red light . picard glance down at the doorway , see the flash red light in the doorjamb . he 's bust . ruby you know , I would be perfectly justified in shoot you right now . picard glance at the photograph of himself . picard I would say you already have . ruby do not flatter yourself . I take picture of a lot of junk . she perches herself on the arm of a small couch , hold the gun loosely , but never take the aim away from picard . ruby okay , let 's hear it . I be sure you have a great explanation for why that rocket photo be so important you break into my house . picard we be try to repair Doctor cochrane 's ship . it 's be damage and -- ruby we ? picard myself ... and a few other friend of Zephram 's . ruby Friends from Cornell ... picard some . ruby lie . that 's one . keep go . picard a key piece of the ship have be destroy ... and we only hope to reconstruct it be if one of you photograph show we what it look like . ruby ( consider ) all right . Truth . I believe that one . why be it so urgent you could not wait until morning ? picard we have to launch he ship by tomorrow afternoon . ruby or ...? picard have to come up with something -- decide to throw she off with a high - tech explanation . picard or the shield around the plutonium core will begin to deteriorate . within a day , the entire silo will become so radioactive that no one will be able to come near it for a hundred year . Ruby eye he evenly . ruby lie . that 's two . one more , and I pull the trigger . picard be start to get angry . picard why be you be so difficult ? all I be ask for be to look at one of the photograph . it will take five minute . ruby and all I be ask for be the truth . that would take five minute . ( beat ) for all I know , you cause the explosion at the silo ... and now you be try to steal Zephram 's ship . picard I be not a thief ... Ruby 's have enough -- she temper flare and she get off the couch , take a threaten step toward picard . ruby no , you be a petty burglar and a liar ... ( beat ) you be no friend of Zephram 's . he be a great man . he 's not like you or I or any of the other zomby walk around this town . picard jump in with a quiet , forceful quality : picard no . he 's a man with vision . he can see beyond the problem that surround we . he know there 's a better future out there for everyone ... a future where crime , poverty and war be thing of the past ... a future where we reach out and seek we destiny in the star . ( beat ) I believe in that future , too , Ruby . I believe in it in every fiber of my be . and I be tell you ... if we do not launch that warp ship tomorrow , there 's a very good chance that future will never happen . she eye he for a moment -- and we be not sure if he word have have any effect . Ruby still have she doubt , but decide to go with she gut ... and finally hand he the photograph . picard glance through they -- he expression tell we the photo he need be in there . picard you will not regret this . they share a look ... and then picard turn and walk off into the night . Ruby watch he go ... and we can see on she face a confuse jumble of mix emotion . something about that man have touch she ... 135 night scpoe Pov 135 a telescopic , green and white image of picard walk away from Ruby 's home . 136 lieutenant scrimm 136 be watch picard through a set of night vision binocular , perch on the roof of a nearby building . he frown , wonder what picard be up to ... CUT to : 137 ext . space - enterprise deflector dish 137 the giant deflector array at the front of the ship -- a giant , round , bowl - shape array use for communication and shield . as we watch , four hatch OPEN surround the dish and borg start to emerge from the interior of the ship and crawl out on the hull . the borg do not need pressure suit or breathe equipment -- they crawl around the hull with ease and onto the deflector dish ... pull back to reveal : 138 int . enterprise bridge - viewscreen 138 where riker , troi , worf and n.d.s be watch this image on the viewscreen . riker what be they do ? worf they appear to be modify the deflector dish . troi to do what ? if they want a weapon , they could have take over a phaser bank or torpedo bay ... riker deflector dish ... why the deflector dish ...? worf it do not make sense . the deflector be only use for shield and long range sensor ... riker stare at the screen ... notice something . riker Computer -- magnify grid twenty - one alpha . the image on the viewscreen zoom in to a specific point on the deflector dish , give we a clear view of two borg who have open a gigantic panel on the dish . they appear top be modify power conduit in some fashion . worf they be re-rout the deflector power conduit ... riker Computer -- thermal enhancement . the image now be overlaid with a infrare view of what they be do . the power conduit be glow bright red , very hot -- we can see the heat signature travel back behind the dish and connect to a corkscrew - shape coil , which be pulsing . riker they be connect the conduit to subspace communication ... worf ( realize ) they be convert the deflector dish into a antennae ... troi they may be try to send a message to the other borg ... the borg in this time period ... worf what kind of message ? riker ( think ) if it be I ... I would say " attack Earth now ... in the 21st century ... they will be too strong in the 24th . " they think about this for a moment as they watch the borg swarm on the deflector array . worf we have to stop they from send that message . riker agreed . option ? worf destroy the deflector dish . troi can we aim we dorsal phaser at it ? riker shake he head . riker we have lose control of all weapon system ... transporter be down ... we can not get to a shuttlecraft ... and it would take we too long to fight we way down to deflector control ... they think . worf there be another way , Commander . do you remember you zero - G combat training ? riker look a little wary at the suggestion . riker I remember it make I sick . troi ( to worf ) what be you suggest ? riker I think mister worf be suggest that we go outside for a little stroll ... off they expression ... CUT to : 139 close on a photograph 139 another one of Ruby 's cloth - print photo , this one a clear view of the base of the missile engine -- cochrane stand underneath the massive rocket nozzle . above he on the fuselage be the crucial throttle - valve assembly . geordi be voice I be almost afraid to say this , Captain ... but I think it 's go to work . move to reveal we be in : 140 int . missile silo - lower catwalk - day 140 the cloth photo be hang from a beam on the catwalk . geordi and picard be watch a couple of n.d.s attach the newly - build throttle assembly to the side of the ship . the n.d.s be use high - tech welding tool and spark be fly . as they talk , they head back up the catwalk toward the control room ... picard where 's you get the alloy for the throttle itself ? geordi they use copper pipe in they plumbing ... so I melt it down ... and fuse it with some tritanium from one of we phaser casing . ( beat ) it 's not the strongest alloy ... but it 's better than all this crude aluminum and steel . 141 int . missile control room - continuous 141 as geordi and picard enter . Lange be check out a launch console . the room be now hum with power -- it 's beginning to look like the place be up and run . picard stop near the desk . picard mister Lange -- have you bring the computer system back on - line yet ? lange aye , Captain . this trinary language be pretty archaic ... but I think I understand it now . picard good . as they speak , camera move in on the metal canister of lotion picard set on the desk earlier ... 142 ext . montona wood - day - continuous 142 scrimm and three militia guard be huddle around a cluster of military surveillance gear , listen to picard and geordi 's conversation . Far in the distance , we can see the missile silo . picard voice be we on schedule ? the vulcan ship will be here in less than two hour . geordi be voice it will be tight , but we should make it . picard voice what about we warp signature ? it have to be strong enough for they to detect . geordi be voice I have enhance the plasma injector -- do not worry , they will see it . picard voice well , with any luck ... the vulcan will land outside resurrection tomorrow morning ... and Earth will never be the same again . scrimm and he man listen with grow alarm -- it sound like picard be plan a invasion ! 143 int . missile control room - continuous 143 as before . picard all right . I would better start familiarize myself with the flight control . a console buzy . Lange move to it , and activate a small color video monitor . it show a external view of the missile silo , just outside the hatch . beverly can be see stand nearby with a now conscious Zephram cochrane . lange Doctor crusher 's at the access hatch , Captain . picard let she in . Lange hit a couple of button ... CUT to : 144 close on cochrane's face 144 a short time later . his head be bandage , and he 's conscious , but frankly he look like hell . he sit back , look a little overwhelm . cochrane let I get this straight ... you be from the future ... I be about to change history ... and all I have to do be sit here and let you fly my ship ? 145 wider 145 picard , geordi and beverly be stand around cochrane , who be sit in a high - back chair in a corner of the Control room . picard that 's right . he study they face -- see they be serious . he smile a little ruefully . cochrane and people say I be crazy ... picard smile . picard I assure you , Doctor , that after today ... no one will ever call you that again . cochrane consider they ... finally nod , what the hell . cochrane just do I a favor ... bring my ship back in one piece . picard that 's a promise . picard turn and walk off with beverly . geordi move to cochrane with a little bit of awe . geordi Doctor ... my name be geordi La Forge . I be a engineer . can I shake you hand ? cochrane be touch by geordi 's obvious respect . they shake hand . cochrane I wish I could go with you . be there anything I can do to help ? geordi not really ... but I do have about a thousand question I have always want to ask you . cochrane since time be short ... why do not you pick the top ten and fire away ? geordi smile ... 146 picard and beverly 146 have move to another part of the room . beverly look exhaust . she set she medkit on a table and plop down into a chair . mid-conversation . picard ( surprised ) you actually perform surgery ...? beverly it be a experience . Metal scalpel ... needle and thread ... she look up with a smile , pull a small device out of the medkit -- a surgical transporter . beverly ( be : device ) but I have a little help . surgical transporter . I use it to beam out most of the bone fragment from he brain . picard how do Doctor almack react to that ? beverly he be so confuse by what I be do , I do not think he even notice . ( beat ) any word from the Enterprise ? picard not yet . beverly you think they be still up there ? picard ( wry ) if they be not ... we would better get use to live in Montana . beverly ( light ) that might not be so bad ... at least for you . she 's kid , but picard be a little defensive . picard what 's that suppose to mean ? there be no animosity or hint of jealousy in beverly 's attitude , she 's simply make a observation about someone she care about . beverly I see the way you looker at she ... and I know that look . picard do not want to argue about this -- to he , it 's a pointless conversation . picard regardless of how I may feel about Ruby ... we fate lie along different path . nothing can change that . beverly you want some advice ? do not do this again . ( off he look ) you know exactly what I mean . picard beverly , there be many reason why you and I ... beverly I would call they excuse . and the first excuse on both we list be we " sense of duty . " we convinced ourselves that it be more important than anything else . and you know what ? it 's not . she hold he look for a moment . picard ( neutral ) I have a ship to launch . picard turn and leave . beverly watch he go ... wonder whether she word have any affect ... 147 ext . ruby's house - day 147 Ruby be turn off the spigot on the filter - pump . the plastic jug be now fill with the clear fluid -- silver halide . she cap the jug , pick it up , begin walk up on the porch ... then hesitates for a moment ... look out over the horizon . she hesitates ... then frown and go inside ... Ruby come inside , set down the jug ... begin to pick up some more glass plate ... stop ... think ... look up . only a few foot away be the large picture of picard . she do not want to look at he , do not want to think about he ... but there he be . she glance back at the open door ... struggle for a moment ... then make a decision . despite herself , she can not get picard out of she head . with a little frustration , she grab she camera bag and head for the door ... 149 ext . space - the enterprise 149 in Earth orbit . 150 int . borg hive 150 angle on ceiling as the borg Queen descend from she nest place down towards the camera ... ultimately stop just a few foot away . she speak directly to the camera . borg queen how do you feel ? 151 close on data' hand 151 his right hand be make of flesh -- it have color , fingernails , hair , sweat . it 's completely human in every way . his finger move slightly , and then the hand begin to rise . we follow he hand as it come up and touch he face , which be also flesh . the gold color be go , he hair be tousle and natural - look . even he eye be real now -- blue . he touch he face tentatively , he expression confuse ... but intrigue . data different . the borg Queen descend closer . data 's arm be now free , but he be still restrain on the table . the rest of he body be still android , mechanical . data touch he two hand together , feel the sensation , flesh against machine . he touch he face and lip , discover himself in a totally new way . data my internal sensor tell I the ambient temperature in the room be ten point two degree Celsius ... ( wondrous ) but my skin tell I it be cold . as he talk , we can see that he 's become seduce by he own newfound sense . data my visual acuity have be reduce by seventy - eight percent ... and I can no longer perceive light beyond the ultraviolet or the infrared ... ( beat ) but I can see . it 's a amazing moment , data riding a wave of feel and emotion like he 's never have before . the borg Queen watch , pleased . she hover close to he . borg queen until today ... you emotion be trap inside a artificial shell . you do not know what it be to truly feel . ( beat ) and there 's so much more for you to experience . I will guide you into a world of sensation unlike anything you can imagine . ( beat ) all you have to do ... be give we access to you neural net . data look at she , suddenly shocked back into reality . data no . I will not betray my friend . borg queen they be not you friend ... they have hold you back ... keep you from you destiny ... data that be not true . they have try to help I . borg queen have they give you what I have give you ? do they even try ? data I ... do not want this ... but he word have a certain hollow quality to they . he be no longer as convinced as he be before and the borg Queen note this immediately . she reach out with a hand and gently stroke data 's cheek . borg queen you be become more human all the time , data . now you be learn how to lie . data I wish to ... go back to the way I be . borg queen more lie . she slap he hard across the face . data feel the pain , the shock . a small trickle of blood come from he mouth . he look at she in surprise , but before he can say anything she move forward and kiss he on the mouth deeply and intensely . it 's a disturbing and erotic moment . she pull back . data reel , try to sort out the rapid succession of pleasure and pain . her voice drop to a whisper and she move even closer to he , face - to-face ... seductive ... beguile . borg queen have you ever know a woman ? do you know what it 's like to feel she breath on you face ... she skin against yours ... flesh against flesh ? data my creator do not intend for I to experience this thing . borg queen I be you creator now . she rub she body against he , cat-like ... then pull he to she and kiss he deeply . off the image of they bizarre embrace ... CUT to : 152 int . bridge 152 riker , worf , and three Security n.d.s be pull on spacesuits . the suit be form -fitting , sleek , no bulky oxygen tank . the helmet be the same -- they conform to the contour of the skull and face . worf ( to riker ) you will have to realign the target array of the quantum torpedo ... and reprogram the warhead for the localize detonation . ( beat ) there 's only one torpedo leave ... riker I guess I would better get it right the first time . worf ( to all ) the borg will undoubtedly attack . set phaser to rotate modulation . the Security officer check they phaser and wait as riker and worf finish put on they suit . riker strap a tool case to he suit . riker ready ? everyone nod . riker go to a wall panel and activate the control . the airlock door see earlier open . riker turn back to troi . troi good luck . riker nod . then he , worf , and the Guards enter the airlock and troi close the door behind they . 153 int . airlock 153 a tiny room separate the Bridge from the outer hull . riker depressurize . worf hit a control and the room depressurize with a hissing SOUND . worf ( to other ) activate magnetic constrictor . they all activate control on they wrist and there be a faint hum of power as the suit be magnetize . riker hit another control and the outer airlock door slide OPEN , revealing the vast vacuum of space . they begin to walk out of the airlock ... 154 ext . space - enterprise - airlock 154 as riker and he team come out of the airlock on the top of the saucer section . it 's a spectacular sight as the small group of figure , with weapon at the ready , march toward the lead edge of the saucer . the scene be light by light reflect by the Earth , which hang above the ship . 155 on riker &amp ; worf 155 as they approach the edge . worf give a hand signal and the rest of the team spread out into a tactical deployment and drop down onto they belly . they crawl up to the very edge of the saucer and pause . worf look at riker , who look a little queasy . worf ( to riker ) be you alright ? riker just a little queasy ... worf try not to look at the star ... keep you eye on the ship . riker right . worf and Commander , whatever you do ... do not vomit in you exo-suit . it would be ... unpleasant . riker I will keep that in mind . riker take a few deep breath to steady himself . riker ( to all ) over and under ! they all quickly scramble over the edge and onto the underside of the saucer . the camera rotate and spin with they as they traverse to the underside of the hull -- they be upside down relative to they previous position , but there 's no up or down in space and they magnetize suit hold they to the hull . it 's a dizzying moment as we try to orient ourselves to they new position . from this angle , the Enterprise appear to be upside down ! once they be on the underside of the saucer , they can see the rest of the ship laid out above they . 156 new angle - there Pov 156 the deflector dish ( which be now above we ) be cover with dozen of borg drone , who be work to modify it . some of they turn and see we . 157 riker and worf 157 begin run toward the torpedo tube on the saucer . ( running be difficult , they must keep one foot on the hull at all time . ) several borg phaser shot whip past they as the borg open fire . 158 the borg 158 a dozen of they leave the work on the dish and begin skitter down ( which be normally up ) the interconnect dorsal on all four toward we heroes like a swarm of ant -- a frightening sight . 159 a security guard 159 be hit by a phaser shot and go flying off into space . 160 the torpedo tube 160 riker reach the open to the torpedo tube , bend down and open the hatch . borg phaser shot hit all around he . the open hatch cover provide some protection from the borg fire . riker worf ! I be go to need at least five minute ! worf understood ! worf and he team lie down on the hull and begin exchange fire with the approach mass of borg . they pick off a few borg , who also go flying into space . as riker begin to work ... CUT to : 161 int . missile silo - series of shot 161 Quick cut : -- picard and geordi strapping themselves into the Phoenix cockpit . -- in the Control room , the starfleet n.d.s put on 21st century headsets to communicate with the Phoenix cockpit . -- cochrane sit in he chair , hold he head , but rapt with attention . beverly check he with she medkit , which be sit open on a console nearby . -- the blast door begin close . -- geordi 's hand flipping switch , work the control . over these shot : geordi be voice atr set ... picard voice active . geordi be voice Main bus ... picard voice ready . geordi be voice initiate pre-ignition sequence . -- the Phoenix engine at the base of the ship begin spew nitrogen gas . 162 int . missile silo - control room 162 the Security n.d.s move about the control room , which be now hum with power . the huge steel blast door separate the control room from the silo have be close . geordi be com voice pre-ignition sequence complete . go to internal power . lange ( off console ) acknowledge , Phoenix . you be on internal power and ready for lift - off . geordi be com voice final launch sequence check ... complete . ready to begin final countdown . lange ( work ) understood . begin five minute countdown on you mark . 163 int . phoenix cockpit 163 picard , geordi make final adjustment to the control panel . both be wear 21st century communication headsets . picard exchange a look with geordi . picard ready to make a little history ? geordi always be . picard Phoenix to control . ( hit a control ) initiating five minute countdown ... mark . a few monitor in the cockpit indicate that the countdown be underway . 164 int . control room 164 Lange and the other n.d.s watch the countdown . suddenly a console buzy . Lange go to the monitor see earlier , hit a switch -- the monitor come alive , show that Ruby be now stand outside at the hatch . Lange react in surprise . picard and geordi work the control , watch the reading , etc . we hear Lange 's com voice : lange's com voice Phoenix , we have a problem out here . there 's a woman at the outer hatch ... say she name 's Ruby sloan and she want to see the Captain . picard and geordi react -- she timing be pretty bad . lange's com voice what do you want I to do , sir ? geordi we can not let she in ... she will see cochrane be not make the flight . picard we can not leave she out there . when the ship launch ... she will be kill . geordi tell she to go back to resurrection . picard she 's a very ... determine woman . ( to com ) Phoenix to control . mister Lange ... let she in . lange's com voice aye , sir . 166 ext . missile silo - day 166 Ruby stand by the hatch , try to look calm ... scrimm and three militia Soldiers hold she at gunpoint . the hatch hiss and pop OPEN . scrimm shove a gun into Ruby 's side -- get go . as they start to crawl inside ... 167 int . control room 167 Lange and the other n.d.s have focus they attention on the countdown . Ruby climb down the ladder , a tense look on she face . lange Ms. sloane , if you will have a seat , I will let you talk to -- suddenly , the three heavily - armed militia soldier jump down the ladder from the hatch . one of the starfleet n.d.s go for a phaser , and a soldier blast he backward with a spray of bullet from he automatic weapon . everyone else freeze . a tense beat , then scrimm climb down the ladder and look around the room ... CUT to : 168 ext . space - enterprise - battle on the hull 168 riker in the torpedo tube , frantically work . he begin to physically move the torpedo tube itself like he 's move the barrel of a huge cannon ... as he struggle to aim it toward the huge deflector dish ... 169 worf and the security guard 169 be about fifty foot away from riker . from they prone position , they try to keep the borg at bay , blasting they off the hull one by one . they have take cover behind some outcropping of equipment on the hull of the ship . the borg have to cross a open field of metal to get to they , make then easy target . suddenly the borg change tactic . from the deflector dish high above they , borg begin launching themselves directly at the starfleet officer , jump off the dish and fly through the vacuum of space like paratrooper . this tip the balance . there be too many target to defend from above and below . one of the fly borg crash into a Security Guard and a vicious hand - to-hand fight erupt . the borg slashes the guard 's pressure suit , which depressurize kill the man instantly . worf fire a phaser blast into the borg , knock he off the hull and into space . worf turn to riker . worf Commander , you be five minute be up ! 170 riker 170 swing the torpedo tube into place , aim it at the deflector dish . he hit a control on the side of the tube ... and a quantum torpedo automatically slide up from below and lock into position in the tube , like a panel on the torpedo and begin work on the circuitry . 171 int . bridge 171 troi in command , watch the viewscreen , which show a different angle of the battle on the hull . com officer the borg be charge the subspace emitter . troi how long until they can send a message ? com officer about seven or eight minute . troi Computer -- this be Commander deanna troi . initiate self - destruct in six minute , thirty second . authorization troi , gamma six five . enable . computer voice countdown underway . self -destruct in six minute , twenty - five second ... monitor all around the Bridge show the countdown . 172 angle on a monitor 172 which say " self -destruct in 6:24...6:23...6:22 ... " CUT to : 173 int . missile silo - control room 173 the sergeant be examine one of the monitor . the display say " lift - off , t-minus 50 second ...49 ... 48 ... " sergeant no good , sir . they be on internal power . we can not stop the launch from here . scrimm ( be : blast door ) what about this door ? private they be lock down tight from the inside . sergeant and that door be make to withstand a nuclear attack . scrimm look frustrated for a moment ... then turn he attention to Ruby . 174 int . phoenix cockpit 174 as before . geordi one minute to launch . scrimm' com voice mister picard ... this be Lieutenant scrimm . I be go to have to insist that you shut down the launch . you see , I know what you be do ... and I be not go to just stand by and let it happen . ( beat ) stop the launch , or I will kill every one of you people out here ... and I think you know who will be first . as picard react in shock ... intercut : 175 int . control room 175 scrimm be now hold Ruby by the arm . he shove the com headset to she mouth . scrimm say hello ... Ruby be scared , but try to keep it together . ruby ( to com ) jean-luc ... remember that future we talk about ? it 's all that matter ... ( beat ) Launch the ship . picard react to she voice , but keep work the control , try to concentrate . scrimm draw he gun . scrimm go ahead -- launch it . Ruby will be here when you get back ... but she will not have a whole lot to say . 176 int . phoenix cockpit 176 geordi and picard exchange a tense look . picard struggle . it 's a difficult moment -- what do he do ? the countdown clock be approach 15 second ...14 ... 13 ... everything hang in the balance -- Ruby 's life , the future of the Earth , picard 's feeling , he duty ... finally , picard reach out hit a control -- the countdown clock stop at 11 second . geordi Captain -- picard ( to com ) this be picard . I have suspend the launch sequence . scrimm' com voice thanks . now , why do not you join we and we will have a little talk ? picard unstrap himself and take off the headset . geordi Captain ... we have get less than ten minute before that vulcan ship leave the system . we have get to go now . picard it will have to wait . come on . geordi quickly start unstrap himself ... 177 int . missile silo - catwalk 177 picard and geordi stop outside the massive blast door , which be separate they from the control room . picard geordi , can you see into the room ? geordi look at the blast door ... and he do so , the electronic pupil in he eye rotate , change shape and color . 178 geordi be Pov 178 a high - tech infrare view of the door , but we can not see through it -- it 's opaque . 179 resume 179 geordi no ... the door 's too thick . picard ( frustrated ) then we will just have to assume it 's still there ... geordi what 's still there ? picard get a tricorder . you be go to have to track my exact position in that room ... geordi move off . clearly , picard have a plan ... CUT to : 180 ext . space - enterprise - battle on the hull 180 riker finish work on the torpedo ... he close the panel ... turn and reach for the fire control mechanism . she glance up -- there 's a borg fly through space directly at he ! riker try to bring up he phaser , but it 's too late . the borg slam into he . riker make a desperate grab for the torpedo tube itself , try to hold on , but the momentum of the borg impact be too great -- they both tumble off into space together , away from the ship . CUT to : 181 int . enterprise - bridge - viewscreen 181 a shocked troi watch riker and the borg tumble away into space on the viewscreen . they be engage in a zero - gee hand to hand fight -- a incredible sight . computer voice self-destruct in three minute ... CUT to : 182 int . missile silo - control room 182 scrimm still have the gun on Ruby . the blast door be just be lower , revealing picard . geordi have return to the Phoenix cockpit . a console separate picard and scrimm . picard what do you want ? scrimm the invasion plan . picard invasion . scrimm this people you be call " vulcan " ... who be they ? where do they come from ? how many troops ? what kind of weapon ? 183 int . phoenix cockpit 183 geordi be work a tricorder furiously . we be not sure what he 's do ... CUT to : 184 ext . space - riker &amp ; borg 184 as they tumble through the void of space , in a desperate fight . the borg manage to get he hand around riker 's throat ... begin choke he ... riker look like a goner ... suddenly they be both envelop in a bright beam of pulsing ENERGY . 185 int . enterprise - bridge 185 troi in command . ensign ( off console ) tractor beam engage . we have get them , Commander . troi prismify the beam . get rid of that borg . 186 ext . space - riker &amp ; borg 186 as the tractor beam from the Enterprise split in two and separate riker from the borg . the second beam disappear , throw the borg off into space , while riker be tow back toward the hull of the ship . 187 on riker 187 as the beam move he back toward the ship . 188 riker's Pov 188 a dizzying view of the star and the Earth as he be pull through space . 189 riker 189 close he eye , fight off wave of nausea . riker ( to himself ) do not look at the star ... do not look at the star ... CUT to : 190 int . missile silo - control room 190 picard still stalling for time . picard ( firm ) there be no invasion ... scrimm wrong answer , mister picard . try again . he shove he gun against Ruby 's head . the tension rise a notch . picard all right . you want the truth ... ( beat ) the vulcan ... be highly intelligent alien . 191 int . phoenix cockpit 191 geordi work the tricorder ... he can hear they conversation in the other room through a open com channel ... scrimm' com voice alien ... that 's what I think . from where ... Canada ? the tricorder beeps and he smile ... 192 int . control room 192 as before . picard from another planet . ( beat ) oh , I almost forget ... they have green blood and point ear . scrimm ( skeptical ) and you know all this ... because you be a space - man too ... picard I be afraid you have catch I . I be a space - man . scrimm smirk at he -- what gall this guy have . but Ruby seem to discern some deeper meaning in picard 's word . she frown in puzzlement . ruby ( quiet ) Truth ... he 's tell the truth ... picard look at Ruby , and at that moment something on a console behind she catch he eye : a light on beverly 's surgical transporter be now flashing . no one else notice . scrimm you be a entertaining man , mister picard . but you be also full of shit . scrimm cock back the hammer on the pistol he 's hold to Ruby 's head . the follow happen very quickly : -- picard reach out he hand , try to stop scrimm . picard now , geordi ! -- the gun in scrimm 's hand dematerialize . scrimm react in shock . -- instantly , the gun rematerialize in picard 's outstretch hand . he quickly push the barrel to scrimm 's forehead . picard actually , you be full of shit . everyone be in the room stunne by what 's happen . picard take charge before anyone can recover . picard ( continue ) now , tell you man to drop they weapon . there 's a beat , but then scrimm see he have little choice . scrimm weapon ... down . the other militia soldier drop they weapon , which be quickly pick up by beverly and a starfleet n.d. picard hand he gun to Lange , who cover scrimm with it . Ruby turn to picard . picard be you all -- Ruby throw she arm around he and pull he close . he hug she back , grateful she 's alive . Ruby pull away . ruby I think you have a plane to catch . picard smile and head back toward the Phoenix ... CUT to : 193 ext . space - enterprise - the hull 193 riker slam into the hull and the beam go off . he get he bearing quickly and then run toward the torpedo tube where worf and he few remain man be still fight the borg , who be about to overrun they position . 194 int . enterprise - bridge 194 as before . computer voice self-destruct in fifeteen second ... fourteen ... thirteen ... twelve ... 195 int . phoenix cockpit 195 geordi and picard strapping themselves back in ... 196 ext . space - riker 196 reach the torpedo tube , pull up the fire control mechanism , which show a monitor screen with a cross - hair target display . he activate the monitor , which begin tracking over toward the deflector dish . 197 int . enterprise - bridge 197 computer voice nine ... eight ... seven ... 198 int . phoenix cockpit 198 picard and geordi 's hand be fly across the control ... 199 ext . space - riker 199 clamp a conduit into a power junction ... then grab hold of a rotate lever inside the tube and turn it . he duck out of the way as the torpedo be launched with a roar . 200 wider 200 as the torpedo streak out from the saucer section and slam into the deflector dish . the dish explode in a burst of flame ... blow away the borg who be work on it ... 201 int . misssile silo - phoenix engine 201 as they ignite and start pour out sheet of flame . 202 int . phoenix cockpit 202 which be shudder and shaking ... 203 ext . space - riker &amp ; worf 203 react with smile . they do it . 204 int . bridge 204 troi and the other n.d.s react with relief . the countdown on the monitor be stop at 00:03 . 205 ext . montana - missile silo - wide shot - day 205 as the concrete missile door slide open and the Phoenix be launched up into the sky , riding a pillar of fire and smoke . this be we first real look at the ship and it resemble a oversize icbm with a specialize cockpit on top . 206 int . missile silo - control room 206 Lange and the other n.d.s have the militia soldier under guard . Ruby be watch the missile launch on a video monitor . she smile . 207 int . phoenix cockpit 207 picard and geordi work the control as the ship bounce and shake . the g-force push they back into they seat . geordi solid rocket fuel at twenty - five thousand kilogram ... picard altitude fifty kilometer ... geordi enter the upper ionospere ... picard there 's a red light on the second intake valve . geordi ignore it . we will be fine . ( beat ) prepare for first stage shut - down and separation on my mark ... 208 ext . space - earth orbit 208 as the Phoenix rocket into space ... 209 int . phoenix cockpit 209 as before . geordi Three ... two ... one ... mark ! 210 ext . space - the phoenix 210 the rocket booster shut down as the ship leave Earth 's orbit and coast on its momentum . after a beat , the first stage booster separate from the ship and drop away , leave three - quarter of the ship in space . 211 int . borg hive 211 close on data , head tilt back , eye close , smile ... a few droplet of water fall from above onto he face . he smile wider , reveling in the sensation . 212 wider 212 data be still restrain on the table , but a conduit have be place above he head and be drip condensation onto he face . data be now a completely new be . his entire body be now make of human flesh . it 's a shocking sight -- for anyone who ever wonder what data would look like human , we be now get we first look . 213 the borg queen 213 descend from she nest in the ceiling . she watch data for a moment ... rub the moisture into he face . borg queen a borg in all but name . data , although clearly enrapture with he new sensation and feeling still struggle to maintain he own sense of identity . data ( weak ) I be ... grateful for what you have give I . but I still do not wish to be assimilate . borg queen a universe of sensation be wait for you ... do not you want to explore it ... with I ? to he surprise , data find that he be become draw to this strange creature and all that she can offer he . data yes ... borg queen then take the final step ... give I the Enterprise ... and we can be together ... always . he struggle , but ultimately there 's only one answer . data no ... I cannot . without take she eye away from data , she reach out a hand and touch a control on a nearby console . the color of data 's face turn a ashen gray -- as though the blood have drain from he skin . another droplet of moisture fall and hit he on the cheek -- but this time he eye widen in shock . the sensation of human feel be go . borg queen I have deactivate the sensory input . that flesh on you body be just meat , now . data no ... no , please ... you cannot ... she move in close on he , a edge creep into she voice : borg queen you must give I what I want ... now . without the deflector dish , we can no longer send for a early invasion . we must assimilate Earth ourselves . I need this ship . she hit the control , and the color return to he face . data gasp -- fill with feel once again . the borg Queen run she hand across he cheek -- she attitude seductive and affectionate once again . borg queen be not it better like this ...? data yes ... but the Enterprise ... my duty ... borg queen ... be to yourself . do not make I hurt you again ... she touch the control again . data be shocked back into he cold , android self . he 's like a heroin addict be deny he " high " with the flick of a switch . data no ... no , it 's so ... empty ... please ... give it back ... I need it ... borg queen and I need to control this ship . let I into you mind . data struggle , anguish ... we have never see he like this before ... completely beat down ... finally , he nod . the borg Queen touch the control again . a sharp intake of breath as the feel return to data . and the Queen kiss he on the mouth . this time , he respond eagerly , throw himself into the emotion of the moment . she pull back a little , look at he softly , passionately . data stare back at she , breathless -- he seem to be completely in she thrall . data in order to access my neural net ... you will need to create a positronic interface . ( beat ) I will tell you how . off the borg Queen 's smile of victory ... CUT to : 214 int . phoenix cockpit 214 as before . picard and geordi work the control in silence for a few moment . the ship be float in space , now a good distance from Earth . geordi ready to deploy the warp nacelle . picard as they use to say ... all system be go . geordi work he console ... 215 ext . space - the phoenix 215 two fifty - foot long sheet of metal fall away from the ship on either side of the Phoenix , revealing primitive warp nacelles tuck inside the craft . the warp nacelle then begin slowly extend themselves outward on either side -- the basic design of the nacelle should be familiar to anyone who 's ever see a STAR trek starship . this be the beginning of a long -stand architectural design element of we ship . 216 int . phoenix cockpit 216 as before . geordi the vulcan should be out there right now . we need to break the warp barrier in the next five minute if we be go to get they attention . picard bring the warp core on -line . I will lay in a head . geordi the nacelle be charge ... nuclear warhead stand by . we be ready to ignite the warp drive . picard engage . 217 ext . space - the phoenix 217 the warp nacelle flare with power and the ship begin move forward in space . 218 int . phoenix cockpit 218 they be slammed back into they seat from the massive G-forces . geordi warp field look good ... structural integrity hold ... picard activate a monitor which begin show a digital display of they speed . picard ( off monitor ) speed ... twenty thousand kilometer per second . 219 ext . space - the phoenix 219 the ship be go faster ... faster ... 220 int . enterprise - bridge 220 troi be stand outside the emergency airlock with the ensign , who be work the wall panel . the airlock door open after a beat , and riker , worf and one Security Guard enter . they be exhaust after the pitch battle . troi smile at they as they remove they helmet . troi I have to admit there be a moment there when -- riker ( hold up a hand ) hold that think . he turn away and then double over behind a console and begin vomit off screen . worf shrug . worf strong heart . weak stomach . a light beat , and then suddenly the entire Bridge goe dark -- all power gone . Console , monitor , everything . riker report ! worf we have lose Bridge control ! riker emergency override ! worf ( work ) nothing . 221 int . borg hive 221 the borg Queen be float in the middle of the room , surround by borg console and technology . data be still on the table , with some kind of specialize conduit connect he head to a group of monitor , which be inactive at the moment . he appear to be catch up in the rapture of he new sensation , and he personal connection to the borg Queen . all think of he starfleet responsibility be go . data ( to Queen ) I be re-rout Bridge command function to this location . data think for a moment , and the monitor suddenly come to life and the equipment around the Queen hum with power . information about critical Enterprise system flow across the monitor screen -- we might recognize graphic from the Bridge display . the borg be now in control . borg queen eliminate they remain defense . I will send borg to assimilate the rest of the crew . data nod ... but then one of the console beeps . data ( react ) there be a perimeter alert . a ship have enter sensor range . borg queen vulcan ? data no . data tilt he head and -- 222 a monitor 222 show a exterior space shot . the image rapidly zoom in on the distant phoenix . the ship be racing through space . borg queen ( react , to data ) give I helm control . data nod . another console light up . she move to work it herself ... 223 ext . space - the enterprise 223 as the ship turn and begin move off at impulse speed . 224 int . phoenix cockpit 224 as before , picard be now steering the ship with a 21st century joystick control . the ship be move faster and faster , tremble now , a roar building . picard pass one - half light speed . the starboard nacelle 's run a little hot ... geordi I be on it ... the cabin shake a little . geordi the inertial damper be have trouble compensate ... I do not think cochrane build this thing for comfort . picard speed -- two hundred , seventy - five thousand kilometer per second . whoosh ! a weird distortion pass through the cabin like a wave , then vanish . geordi there 's no temporal shield in here ! we be start to pick up relativistic effect ! picard one minute to warp threshold ... 225 ext . space 225 the warp ship whip by ... and then a moment later , the enterprise roar into view , chase the tiny ship . 226 int . phoenix cockpit 226 geordi glance out the window ... do a double - take and look back up in surprise ... geordi Captain , the Enterprise ! picard ( tap combadge ) picard to Enterprise . ( beat ) picard to Enterprise -- do you read I ? no response . picard they com system must still be down . geordi well , I feel a whole lot better with they out there . we may need some help . 227 int . borg hive 227 as before , the Queen float above the helm control console . the warp ship be on the monitor , get closer . data I have repair the weapon array . phaser be on-line . a float crosshair appear on the monitor show the warp ship . the Queen work the console . the crosshair move , but refuse to lock onto the warp ship . she frown . borg queen the target lock be not work . data look puzzle . data I do not understand . the optical data network have be repair , and all system be function . the Queen work furiously , still can not get the crosshair to lock onto the ship . borg queen you diagnostics be in error . I need weapon . data ( think ) the problem must lie in the interface between starfleet and borg technology . you console may not be configure to handle the data flow . borg queen can you configure it ? data I believe so . borg queen do it . she hit a series of borg control on a nearby console ... and the restraint hold data to the table be released . two borg drone move to he ... as he stand up and head for the Queen , the specialize cable still attach to he head ... 228 ext . space - the enterprise 228 close in on the tiny warp ship . it 's like a shark chase a guppy . 229 int . phoenix cockpit 229 ship shaking with power and acceleration . picard approach light speed ... geordi glance out a side window . geordi they be get awfully close ... what the hell be they do ? picard we be crossing the threshold ! the ship be really shaking hard now -- and the compartment be distorting slightly , stretch , everything become elongate ... 230 ext . space - the phoenix 230 the ship be stretching in the familiar " rubber band effect " that tell we a ship be go into warp ... but this effect be much slower . it 's on the verge of hit warp speed . the Enterprise still on they tail . 231 int . borg hive 231 data be stand right next to the Queen , and be study the borg console intently . two borg drone stand nearby , watch closely . data I believe I see the problem . in the blink of a eye : -- data whirl around and slam a arm into one of the borg drone . the drine be knock off its foot . -- the second borg rush at data , swing he arm at data 's head . this be the same borg with the deadly stiletto- tip drill spike see earlier . the spike tear into the flesh of data 's neck , draw blood . -- data react in pain . he grab the borg 's arm and with android strength kick he in the chest at the same time . the borg fly backward , cause the cybernetic arm to rip from its socket in a shower of spark . -- the borg Queen swoops down at data for the kill . but data 's too quick for she . with one swift motion , he turn and throws the borg arm like a javelin across the room . 232 new angle 232 as the spike on the severe borg arm puncture one of the diathermic oxygen tank see earlier . a huge explosion of deadly gas burst out of the rupture tank . the wall of roiling gas sweep through the entire borg hive . borg queen ( scream ) no ! she lunge at data just as the gas envelope they ! 233 ext . space - the phoenix 233 as it goe into warp -- it shoot forward and streak away from the Enterprise ! 234 int . phoenix cockpit 234 as picard and geordi be slam back into they seat and the star whip past the window in the familiar warp effect . 235 int . borg hive 235 data and the borg Queen tear and claw at each other amongst the spew gas . the borg drone try to get away , but they be swallowed by the rush of gas , fall to the deck , twitching in pain . data and the borg Queen both fall to the deck , grapple with each other . 236 ext . space - the warp ship 236 as it streak past -- the warp ship fly at top speed . 237 int . borg hive 237 data and the borg Queen struggle against each other ... the gas swirl around they body ... and as it do , we see the flesh on they body start to liquefy and melt away in a horrific ooze of blood and skin . 238 int . phoenix cockpit 238 as before , but the ride have smoothe out considerably , warp star streaking by . picard bring we about ... a beat as geordi work . geordi drop out of warp . out the front window , the warp star stop ... the ship jolt slightly ... turn to the leave ... Earth can be see in the distance . they smile . it 's a moment of victory . picard let 's begin the landing procedure . 239 int . cargo BAY / borg hive 239 the onrush of gas be go . but it have affect every surface of the room like a acid wash . every piece of borg machinery be smoking and hiss . the two borg drone be lie on the floor , dead -- all organic matter and flesh have be dissolve from they body , leave only raw mechanical skeleton . move to reveal : 240 data and the borg queen 240 lie on the floor , still lock together . data be a shocking image : all of he human flesh have be stripped away , leave only he pure android self . his metallic skull gleam in the dim light ... even he eye be go . his mechanical leave arm be still intact , but the right human arm be completely go . his torso be stripped of the human flesh , leave pure android with no soft human touch . data as we have never see he before -- raw and mechanistic . data roll over ... still lock around he be the mechanical skeleton of the borg Queen . a metallic spinal column with two arm with claw hand lead off it ... and a blink , electronic brain stem at the very top of the spine . data throw off the grotesque form . the borg Queen carcass writhes and claw at the air . she speak in a flat , mechanical voice . borg queen ( fritze ) data ... data reach out with one hand ... grab the metal spinal column just below the brain stem ... and snap it in two . the blink brain stem fritzes out . 241 int . corridor 241 two borg drone move down the hall suddenly stop ... twitch ... the blinky on they body go out ... and they both fall over dead . they connection to they Queen severe . 242 int . jefferies tube 242 another borg drone react ... light out ... slump over dead . 243 int . borg hive 243 data release the remain of the dead borg Queen . he lean back a little , as though exhaust by he remarkable experience . camera pull back , emphasize the loneliness of this smoking , scorched android sit alone in the ruin of the borg hive ... CUT to : 244 ext . missile silo - day 244 the missile door now open , the ground badly scorched from the launch . scrimm and he militia guard be sit on the ground , while Lange and the other starfleet n.d. keep a watchful eye on they . cochrane be sit against a rock , while beverly check he over . Ruby be pace , lose in think ... picard voice be not anyone go to say welcome back ? everyone look up to see -- 245 picard and geordi 245 stand a few foot away , tired but triumphant . beverly do it work ? picard nod . beverly , Lange and the n.d. look relieved . Ruby take a few step toward picard . 246 cochrane 246 smile up at geordi . cochrane mister La Forge ... now I would like to shake you hand . geordi smile and walk over to he . 247 picard and ruby 247 stop a few foot away from each other , they eye lock . they drink in sight of each other ... there 's a undercurrent of unspoken feeling and word . she smile ... he smile back . a satisfy moment . picard ( v.o. ) Captain 's log , March 3rd , 2063 . the voyage of the Phoenix be a success ... again . CUT to : 248 ext . resurrection CITY - night 248 townspeople along the Main Street . a sense of urgency -- something 's go on . picard ( v.o. ) and it appear the vulcan ship have detect the warp signature and be now on its way to Earth . suddenly something in the night sky catch they attention . a bright light be move down towards the city . we now realize this be what people be reacting to ... 249 just outside of town 249 just a hundred yard beyond the city limit we see the massive vulcan scout ship settling down onto the ground . Dust fly everywhere . windmill blade spin wildly from the exhaust . 250 the townspeople 250 squinting into the wind , try to make out what 's happen ... 251 new angle - on a hilltop 251 a good distance away , but with a good view of the entire scene . riker , worf , beverly , troi and geordi watch from a distance as the vulcan ship land . 252 just outside of town 252 picard , Ruby and a bandage , but much healthier Zephram cochrane watch the landing . people from town be surging around they . everyone be shocked and amaze at what they be see . picard watch with satisfaction -- this be the moment he 's be wait for . cochrane and Ruby be particularly awestruck . 253 the vulcan ship 253 settles , engine whining down ... dust settling . 254 picard 254 move to cochrane , take he gently by the arm . picard Doctor cochrane ... this be you moment . cochrane look a little bewilder , try to grapple with the moment . cochrane my God ... they be really from another world ? picard that 's right . and they be go to want to meet the man who fly that warp ship . cochrane look at he . cochrane and that 's suppose to be I ... picard Zephram , you have the vision to build that ship when no one else on this planet could see beyond they own problem . ( beat ) you fly that ship ... all I do be push a few button . cochrane look at he for a moment ... take a breath , nod ... cochrane all right . ( beat ) and do not worry -- I will keep you secret . they hear a mechanical whirr and a hiss of air . 255 new angle 255 as a hatch open on the vulcan ship . the townspeople behind they react with shock and fear ... a few people take a step back . picard look at cochrane , who hesitates for a moment ... then finally take a deep breath ... and stride out toward the alien ship . a man alone about to change the course of human history . Ruby move closer to picard and put she arm around he ... and he put he arm around she . 256 hilltop 256 as the rest of we crew be enrapture by the moment ... they glance at each other with excitement as they watch history unfold ... 257 vulcan ship 257 cochrane stop a few foot away from the ship as the hatch swing completely open ... light stream out into the night air ... and three hooded , robed figure emerge . they stand across from cochrane -- a moment freeze in time . 258 the townspeople 258 watch in awe ... 259 picard and ruby 259 watch ... 260 the lead vulcan 260 pull he hood back , revealing the familiar slant eyebrow and point ear , hold himself with that austere , regal dignity we have come to associate with he race . he step forward to greet cochrane ... raise he hand as if to wave . cochrane raise he hand automatically , as if to wave in return ... but then the vulcan split he finger in the classic vulcan greeting . vulcan live Long and prosper . cochrane try to emulate the vulcan hand -sign ... but can not quite do the awkward finger - split . cochrane um ... thanks . the vulcan cock a eyebrow at he . the very first alien-human relationship be underway ... 261 picard and ruby 261 be now surround by townspeople , who be watch the scene unfold ... 262 hilltop 262 we heroes share a glance with each other and smile , riker tap he combadge . riker riker to Enterprise . five to beam up . the crew dematerialize ... 263 picard and ruby 263 have now move away from the crowd ... no one pay attention to they . the bright light from the vulcan ship cast they in a dramatic silhouette . picard turn to Ruby . it 's the moment he 's be dread . this be goodbye . she look at he . ruby you be leave , be not you ? picard I have to ... ruby where ? and do not tell I San Francisco ... picard no . it 's a lot further than that . ruby it 's the future , be not it ? just like you tell scrimm . ( beat ) I know you be not from around here . picard ( with humor ) no ... I be from France . ruby I do not care if you be from France or venus ... just take I with you . picard that 's impossible . ruby why ? picard this may be hard for you to understand ... but I be duty - bound not to interfere with you , or anyone else here ... any more than be absolutely necessary . ruby you have be interfere with my life ever since I meet you . ( with meaning ) do not stop now . picard struggle ... he do not want to do this , but he 's tear between he heart and he duty . picard Ruby ... I be sorry . ( remember he word to beverly ) but we fate lie along different path . a long , difficult moment ... then he let she go ... turn and start walk off into the night . she stand where she be , watch he go with tear in she eye ... picard hit he combadge . picard picard to Enterprise . one to ... he stop where he be . riker's com voice riker here . Captain , we do not get you whole transmission . picard turn , look back at Ruby . they eye meet ... and he make the decision . picard to hell with fate . riker's com voice say again , Captain ? he start walk towards she . she see he come ... start run to he . she throw herself into he arm and he hold she close . they kiss . a magical moment , then ... picard Enterprise . two to beam up . they dematerialize hold each other tight ... 264 ext . space - the enterprise 264 move out of Earth orbit ... 265 int . bridge 265 riker , worf , troi , N.D.s. picard enter with Ruby . everyone react to see she there . Ruby stay in the turbolift , stare around the Bridge in amazement . picard take she hand and lead she out onto the Bridge . picard how 's mister data ? riker glance at Ruby uneasily . riker he 's in sickbay . Doctor crusher say he can be repair ... but we have to wait until we ... he glance at Ruby again , awkward . but picard finish he think . picard return to we own time ? riker yes , sir . picard then make it so . have you determine how to recreate the temporal vortex ? picard sit in he chair . riker hesitates . riker yes , sir . but Captain ... be we ... all go back ? picard unless you would like to stay . riker no , sir . Ruby stand stock-still , stare at worf . worf look up at she with a klingon smile -- tooth and all . Ruby manage a weak smile in return , then move off to stand next to picard . riker Bridge to Engineering . mister La Forge ... initiate the temporal vortex . 266 ext . space - the enterprise 266 move through space ... and then the temporal vortex form directly ahead of it , as see before . the ship enter the vortex ... 267 ext . space - the 24 th century 267 the Enterprise exit the vortex and into Earth orbit . 268 int . bridge 268 as before . worf incoming transmission from starfleet Command . Admiral haye . picard onscreen . 269 include viewer 269 Admiral haye appear . picard Admiral ... what 's the status of the borg fleet ? admiral haye it 's be destroy . the borg threat be over . ( beat ) be you all right ? the Enterprise disappear from we sensor for a moment . picard we be fine , sir . it will take some ... time to explain . admiral haye I look forward to read you report . the transmission end . Ruby turn to picard with amazement . ruby that make two of we . picard give she a gentle smile . off the moment ... CUT to : 270 ext . space - the enterprise 270 the great ship enter a starfleet space dock . 271 int . borg hive / enviromental control room 271 geordi be direct a work crew of a dozen engineer , as they clean up the room and repair the damage . geordi ( to a couple of n.d.s ) no , no -- we will have to rip out this entire bulkhead . we will need new brace member for the deck above and below . the n.d.s move off , make note on they padd . geordi turn and see data stand in the doorway . he 's now be fully restore to he original android self . geordi data ... geordi move to he , put a hand on he shoulder . geordi you look good as new . data you could say that I be back to my old self . geordi that 's great . geordi 's smile fade a little as data walk into the room . data her remain ... be they still here ? geordi point over to a corner , where some n.d.s be about to close a storage container . data walk over . geordi go with he . the n.d.s move aside , and data look down into the storage container . the break , mangle piece of machinery be all that 's leave of the borg Queen . geordi I be send they to the daystrom Institute for analysis . data stare down at the remain with a haunt look . data I never realize how powerful a emotion temptation could be . geordi temptation ? you say in you report it be all a ruse ... you be manipulate she . a quiet beat . data she be ... a unique lifeform . in she own way ... nearly perfect . geordi smile a little . geordi ( joke ) it almost sound like you miss she . data look up at he -- he expression unreadable . geordi 's smile fade . data reach out , close the lid on the storage container , turn and walk out of the room . geordi watch he go , leave to wonder what data be really feel . CUT to : 272 ext . montana - hilltop - day 272 picard and Ruby walk up the familiar hilltop , and when they reach the crest , we reveal ... 273 a moment 273 a large memorial cordon off by a chain . a plaque on the monument read " on this spot , man and vulcan meet for the first time ... and change the course of history . March 3rd , 2063 . " 274 picard and ruby 274 step into view . they stare at the sculpture for a moment . picard welcome home . 275 wide shot 275 picard , Ruby and the monument be at the gate of resurrection CITY as it be in the 23rd century . this be the place where man first reach out to the star , and the architecture have a distinctive uplift feel -- spire reach up toward the sky . shuttlecraft and aircar be take off and landing . the tiny western town be now a thriving , futuristic metropolis . as picard and Ruby walk towards the city hand - in - hand ... fade to black . roll credit the end </ font >