STAR war episode 3 : revenge of the sith script George Lucas 1 ext . space a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away . a vast sea of star serve as the backdrop for the Main title , follow by a rollup , which crawl into infinity . War ! the Republic be crumble under attack by the ruthless sith Lord , Count dooku . there be heroes on both side . evil be everywhere . in a stun move , the fiendish droid leader , General grievous , have sweep into the Republic capital and kidnap chancellor palpatine , leader of the galactic Senate . as the separatist droid Army attempt to flee the besiege capital with they valuable hostage , two jedi Knights lead a desperate mission to rescue the captive chancellor . . . . pan down to reveal a republic attack cruiser . continue to pan with the cruiser as two jedi starfighters enter and head toward a enemy Battle cruiser . truck with the jedi fighter as they maneuver in unison , dodging flack and enemy laser fire . r2 - D2 be on anakin 's ship . r4-p17 be on obi-wan 's ship . a giant space battle be reveal as the tiny jedi ship continue they assault in a synchronous ballet . 2 int . obi - wan' starfighter cockpit -space obi - wan bounce through the flack with a frown . his ship rock violently . 3 int . anakin starfighter cockpit -space anakin smile as he blast a trade federation droid drop fighter . anakin : there be not a droid make that can out fly you , master , and no other way to get to the chancellor . . . obi - wan : look out , four droid inbound . . . 4 ext . coruscant-space battle the two jedi fighter swerve in unison as four trade federation droid drop fighter attack . after several clever move by the jedi , two of the federation droid drop fighter collide with each other in a ball of flame . 5 int . obi - wan' starfighter cockpit -space obi - wan struggle to maintain control of he ship . obi - wan : we have get to split they up . anakin : break leave , fly through the gun on that tower . obi - wan fly to the leave of a huge tower on a republic cruiser . the two droid drop fighter follow . obi - wan : easy for you to say . . . why be I always the bait ? anakin : do not worry . I be come around behind you . obi - wan deftly maneuver around a large starship 's superstructure , but the two droid fighter stay on he tail , blasting he with intense laser fire . obi - wan : anakin , they be all over I ! anakin : Dead ahead ! close . . . lock onto he , artoo . .. artoo beeps he reply as anakin swoops in for the kill . anakin blast one of the droid drop fighter . it explode . anakin : ( continue , laugh ) we get he , artoo ! anakin blast away at the second droid drop fighter as artoo beeps a angry warning . anakin : I copy , artoo . obi - wan : I be go down on the deck . anakin : good idea ... [ need some room to maneuver . obi - wan dive toward the surface of one of the larger trade federation battleship and be force to fly through a maelstrom of laser flack . he skim the surface , follow by the droid drop fighter , which be follow by anakin . anakin : ( continue ) cut right . do you hear I ?! cut right . do not let he get a handle on you . come on , artoo , lock on ! lock on ! artoo beeps . the crosshair merge on the droid drop fighter . obi - wan : hurry up ! I do not like this ! obi - wan fly through a narrow gap between two tower on a battleship . the droid drop fighter hit one of obi-wan 's wing with a laser blast , and part of the ship go fly around obi-wan 's astro droid , arfour . obi - wan : ( continue ) ouch ! r-4 beeps a blue streak . obi - wan : ( continue ) do not even try to fix it , arfour . I have shut it down . anakin : we be lock on ... we have get he ... anakin drop in behind the droid drop fighter and blow he apart . artoo squeal with delight . anakin : ( continue ) yeah ! we get he . . . good go , artoo . obi - wan : next time you be the bait . . . now let 's find the Command ship and get on with it ... r-4 beeps a blue streak . anakin : lock onto they , artoo . master , General grievous 's ship be directly ahead . artoo beeps a reply , and it read out in anakin 's cockpit . anakin : ( continue ) the one crawl with vulture droid . 6 int . obi - wan' starfighter cockpit -space obi - wan : I see it . oh , this be go to be easy . ahead be a trade federation cruiser with batlike droid vulture fighter stalking around on the hull . the vulture fighter transform into flight configuration , lift off the cruiser , and attack the jedi starfighters . anakin : come on , master . obi - wan : not this time . there 's too much at stake . we need help . odd Ball , do you copy ? odd ball : ( os ) copy , Red leader . obi - wan : Mark my position and form you squad up behind I ... 7 int . odd ball fighter cockpit -space odd ball : we be on you tail , General kenobi . set s-foil in attack position . the protective ray shield lower on the main hangar of the trade federation cruiser , and six new droid tri - fighter emerge and join the droid vulture fighter head toward the jedi . the jedi starfighters extend the stability foil on the end of they wing . 8 int . anakin' fighter cockpit -space anakin : this be where the fun begin . ten vulture droid straight ahead , come down the leave side . artoo beeps a worried message . obi - wan : add five tri-fighter on the right . . . anakin : I be go head to head . see you . obi - wan : take it easy , anakin . four clone fighter move into formation behind the jedi . odd ball : I be on you right , Red leader . anakin : incoming !! artoo squeal as five droid tri - fighter pass by at high speed on the right . obi - wan : five more on the right ! four more vulture droid fighter pass at high speed from the leave . all hell break loose . obi - wan and anakin continue to fly in unison , back up each other . artoo squeal . anakin : here we go . the jedi ship split up and make a quick loop around the droid tri - fighter , end up behind they . blasting away . the droid tri - fighter explode . obi - wan : I be go high and right . anakin : hang on . there be four more of they . obi - wan : stay with I . . . swing back and right . . . help I engage . back off ... let they pass between we . anakin : I be come around . I be come around on you tail . obi - wan : all right , engage . . . and hurry . this droid be all over I like a rash . in one incredible move , anakin swing in behind the droid tri - fighter , blow they away one by one until there be only one leave . artoo chirp . artoo let out a howl as anakin accelerate past the last droid tri - fighter , slam on he brake , flip the fighter around , and blast the fighter from the front . artoo beeps frantically as they fly through the debris of the destroy ship . anakin look behind he . anakin : how many back there . artoo ? ( artoo beep ) Three . . . ( continue ) four ... that 's not good . obi - wan : anakin , you have four on you tail . anakin : I know . I know ! obi - wan : four more close from you leave . anakin : I know . I know ! obi - wan : break right and go high . anakin : I be go low and leave . obi-wan shake he head . obi - wan : ( to himself ) he still have much to learn . anakin swoops low and skim across a trade federation battleship , dodging flack as artoo bounce along , try to get out a sentence . anakin : hang on , artoo . obi-wan , do you copy ? I be go to pull they through the needle ... obi - wan : too dangerous . first jedi rule : " survive . " anakin : sorry , no choice . come down here and thin they out a little . obi - wan drop in behind the droid vulture fighter chase anakin . arfour beeps to obi - wan . obi - wan : just keep I steady . . . hold on ... not yet . . . now break leave . obi - wan fire as he swing across the back of the vulture droid , blasting four of they away . anakin head for a trench along the surface of one of the Trade federation battleship . he fly into the trench , which end in a con tower with a small slit between two main strut . obi - wan : ( continue ) you will never get through there , anakin . it 's too tight . artoo beeps nervously . anakin : easy , artoo . . . we have do this before . obi - wan : use the Force , think yourself through , the ship will follow . artoo squeal in a panic . on the view screen artoo 's squeal read out , " we're not go to make it . " anakin : wrong think , artoo . anakin slip through the narrow gap . the trail vulture droid fighter crash . anakin : ( continue ) I be through . obi - wan continue to fire on the vulture droid fighter , drive they into the explosion . a clone fighter be hit and explode , spew debris . the clone pilot spin off into space . finally , obi - wan peel off and swing around , pull up alongside anakin . clone fight squad seven battle the droid . odd ball : there be too many of they . clone pilot 2 : I be on you wing . break leave . break leave . they be all over I . get they off my ... anakin : I be go to go help they out ! obi - wan : no , no ! they be do they job so we can do ours . head for the Command ship ! another clone fighter be hit , burst into flame , and spin off into space . a vulture droid fighter raise its head to locate its target and fire missile at they . anakin : missile ! pull up ! anakin and obi - wan break right and leave , and the missile follow they . anakin do a barrel roll spin , cause the missile follow he to collide and explode . two missile continue to chase obi - wan . he bank sharply to the right , then to the leave , cause one of the missile to overshoot . obi - wan : they overshot we . . . the second missile streak next to obi-wan 's fighter and explode . obi-wan 's ship rock , and r-4 , scream as the starfighter rip through the explosion . debris fly all around they . anakin : they be come around ! obi - wan : all right , arfour . no , no . nothing too fancy . anakin : surge all power unit . artoo ! stand by the reverse thruster . anakin spin he starfighter . the missile spin and collide . anakin : we get ‘em . artoo ! two missile continue to track obi-wan . obi - wan : Flying be for droid . suddenly , obi - wan shudder , and he ship start to plummet toward the surface of the Trade federation cruiser . the trail missile fly into what look like debris , and detonate . five silver ball fly out of the debris and attach themselves to the ship . the ball pop open , revealing SMALL buizidroid that begin to crawl across the surface like spider . obi - wan : ( continue ) I be hit ! anakin ? anakin : I see they . . . buzz droid . the buzz droid crawl across obi-wan 's ship and start to tear it apart . SPARKS erupt where the buzz droid break into the wiring . one of the buzz droid go after arfour . obi - wan : arfour , be careful . you have one . . . arfour 's head get rip off and fly away . obi - wan : oh dear . they be shutting down all the control . anakin : move to the right so I can get a clear shot at they . obi - wan : the mission . get to the Command ship . get the chancellor ! I be run out of trick here . anakin move into position just off obi-wan 's leave side and angle he ship so he gun be point at the droid crawl over obi-wan 's starfighter . anakin fire and vaporize the two buzz droid , along with the leave wing of obi-wan 's ship . obi - wan : ( continue ) in the name of ... anakin : steady ... steady . . . obi - wan : anakin , hold you fire . . . hold you fire . you be not help here . anakin : I agree , bad idea . swing right . . . ease over . .. steady ... obi - wan : wait . . . wait . . . I can not see a thing ! my cockpit 's fogging . they be all over I , anakin . anakin : move to the right . obi - wan : hold on , anakin . you be go to get we both kill ! get out of here . there 's nothing more you can do . anakin : I be not leave without you , master . anakin move he ship next to obi - wan 's and try to physically knock the buzz droid off . there be five leave . he manage to get one off , but badly dent obi - wan 's ship in the process . one of the buzz droid tear apiece off of the front of obi-wan 's ship . flame burst out , and more smoke billow out , obscure the jedi 's view . anakin knock off three of the buzz droid and the fourth crawl out onto anakin 's ship and start attack artoo . artoo fight the buzz droid . obi - wan : blast it ... I can not see . . . my control be go . anakin : get them , artoo . watch out ! obi - wan : artoo , hit the buzz droid 's center eye . artoo extend a arm and aim a stream of electricity at the swerving buzz droid . the buzz droid be hit squarely in the eye and fall off the ship . anakin : yeah , you get he ! obi - wan : great , artoo . anakin : stay on my wing . . . the General 's Command ship be dead ahead . easy . . . pull up ... head for the hangar . obi - wan : have you notice the shield be still up ? anakin : oh ?!? sorry , master . anakin streak ahead of obi - wan 's disintegrate jedi fighter and blast the shield generator . it SPARKS and explode . obi - wan : oh , I have a bad feel about this . 9 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser the shield door drop away , and obi - wan crash on the deck of the hangar bay , engulf ina fantail of SPARKS . a set of blast door start slamming shut across the hangar open , as material be suck into space . anakin maneuver around the oncoming junk and fly into the hangar just as the blast door slam shut . obi - wan ignites he light saber and cut he way out of the cockpit . he jump dear just as he ship explode . battle droid rush at he from all direction . anakin jump out of he ship and cut he way through the battle droid to where obi - wan be fight . artoo pop out of the ship and follow anakin . obi - wan : artoo , locate the chancellor . anakin : tap into the ship 's computer . they cut down the last of the droid and follow artoo over to a computer wall socket . the two jedi fight off four more droid as artoo try to find the chancellor . finally , a hologram of the Trade federation ship appear . obi - wan : the chancellor 's signal be come from right there . the observation platform at the top of that spire . anakin : I sense Count dooku . .. obi - wan : I sense a trap . anakin : next move ? obi - wan : spring the trap . the jedi start to leave ; artoo follow . the jedi stop and turn to artoo . anakin : artoo , go back . I need you to stay with the ship . obi - wan : here , take this , and wait for order . obi - wan toss the comlink to artoo . 10 int . bridge -trade federation cruiser general grievous enter the bridge of the trade federation cruiser follow by he two bodyguard . he walk to the front of the bridge and stand in front of the neimoidian captain . general grievous : what 's the situation , Captain ? captain : two jedi have land in the main hangar bay . general grievous : just as Count dooku predict . 11 int . hangar -trade federation cruiser anakin and obi - wan head for the elevator . a door open in the hallway and two of general grievous 's bodyguard confront the jedi . bodyguard I : General kenobi , anakin skywalker . we have be wait for you . obi - wan : we be here to relieve you of chancellor palpatine , not join he . as a dozen more droid join the group , the jedi ignite they lightsaber and stand back - to -back . obi - wan : anakin . . . anakin : ready . anakin and obi - wan use they lightsaber and cut a large circle in the floor . 12 int . generator room -trade federation cruiser the two jedi cut they way down several floor into a large generator room . huge explosion outside the ship have cause several large pipe overhead to break , and fluid be spew everywhere . the jedi get up and turn off they light saber . anakin . dip he hand into the fluid and sniff it . obi - wan : . . . fuel . the slight charge from we saber will send this ship into oblivion . that 's why they have stop shoot . anakin : well then , we be safe for the time be . obi - wan : you idea of safe be not the same as mine . they run , explosion rattle the ship , and pipe continue to burst around they , spilling more fuel into the hallway . at the far end , six super battle droid drop into the fuel . the sound of shield door close and locking echo throughout the hallway . they pass several large power generator , which be top with sparking excess power discharger . anakin : they be sealing this section off . obi - wan : six droid come we way ! the last of the door can be heard close in the distance . anakin : keep move . there must be vent . . . this way . they move along a wall . anakin climb up the side to a small vent . the fuel get closer to the sparking discharger . obi - wan : we will never get through that . it 's too small ! they move toward a second vent . obi - wan be swim in the fuel as it reach to within a couple yard of the ceiling . anakin feel along the ceiling and find another smaller vent . he close he eye and try to sense a open , then he move on . obi - wan be force into hand - to-hand combat with one of the super battle droid . it pull the jedi under the fuel . just before he be about to drow , obi - wan disable the super battle droid by push he into a exhaust pipe . the fuel be up to the jedi 's chin . anakin find a very , very small metal grate , then pound on it until the tiny grate break loose . anakin : I find we escape vent . obi - wan : anakin , this be no time for joke . we be in serious trouble here . anakin : only in you mind . my master . look , no structure . anakin grab the side of the tiny hole and give it a big yank , rip a large panel loose revealing a " man-size " work shaft . they scramble through it as the droid swim closer . 13 int . vent shaft -trade federation cruiser the two jedi pull themselves through the narrow vent shaft until they reach a small hatch in the side of the tube . anakin : here 's a way out . as the super battle droid reach the open in the ceiling and the fuel get to within a few foot of the power generator spark , the jedi work the keyboard on the pressure lock , open the latch . 14 int . SMALL passageway -trade federation cruiser the two jedi climb into a small passageway and slam the hatch shut . they make they way through the ever-shrink shaft until they reach the end . 15 int . hallway -trade federation cruiser a hatch open in one of the main hallway of the Trade federation cruiser , and the jedi squeeze out , slamming the hatch . behind they , anakin seal the hatch with he laser sword . obi - wan : that will not hold when the fuel hit that power discharger . anakin : the blast will break the hull . this side 's pressurize . obi - wan : you still have much to learn , anakin . 16 int . vent shaft -trade federation cruiser the super battle droid climb up the vent shaft . super battle droid r77 and several other droid wait in the generator room as the fuel continue to rise toward the power discharger . super battle droid r77 : I have a bad feel about this . 17 int . generator room -trade federation cruiser the fuel hit the sparking power discharger , and there be a huge explosion . 18 ext . trade federation cruiser-battle a great explosion and a flame gas cloud spray out of the side of the federation cruiser . 19 int . hallway -trade federation cruiser a large bulge appear in the wall around the seal hatch as the explosion hit . obi - wan jump back , then stand amaze . obi - wan : all right , you win . I have much to learn . let 's go ! anakin grin at obi - wan , and they run down the hallway . 20 int . wide hallway - trade federation cruiser the two jedi wait for a elevator to arrive . they turn around and see they be face to face with three destroyer droid . the droid start blast away . anakin deflect the bolt . obi - wan frantically push the elevator button several more time . anakin : destroyer !! finally the door open , and they rush inside under a hail of laser bolt . the elevator door slide shut . the jedi turn to see battle droid stand behind they . battle droid : Drop you weapon ! I say drop ‘em . the jedi activate they light saber and destroy all the battle droid . 21 int hangar -trade federation cruiser r2 - D2 notice two super battle droid enter the hangar . he move and hide behind a jedi starfighter . 22 int . elevator -trade federation cruiser the elevator begin to move and screech to a stop . obi - wan : do you press the stop button ? anakin : no , do you ? obi - wan : no ! anakin : well , there 's more than one way out of here . anakin ignites he laser sword . obi - wan : we do not want to get out , we want to get move . artoo .. . artoo . do you copy ? activate elevator . . . ( look at control panel ) ... 31174 ... anakin cut a hole in the elevator ceiling . 23 int MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser two super battle droid be inspect the jedi starfighter . they overhear obi- Wan 's voice over the comlink and be distract . super battle droid 1 : what 's that ? super battle droid 2 : get back to work . it 's nothing . 24 int . elevator -trade federation cruiser obi - wan : artoo ? anakin climb through the hole in the ceiling of the elevator . obi - wan : ( continue ) always on the move . obi - wan continue to talk on the comlink . artoo quietly beep a reply . 25 int MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser artoo try to muffle the comlink as the two super battle droid try to figure out where the voice be come from . artoo extend a arm and plug into a computer interface . obi - wan : ( os ) artoo , switch on the comlink . artoo , do you hear I ? artoo , we give you a job to do ! artoo . 26 int . elevator shaft -trade federation cruiser suddenly , the elevator plummet down the shaft . anakin quickly jump and grab onto the hallway entry door . he watch as the elevator recede down the shaft and disappear . anakin struggle to keep he grip on the close door as sparking wire rain down on he . 27 int . elevator -trade federation cruiser the elevator start to descend rapidly . obi - wan : stop , stop ! artoo , we need to be go up . 28 int . elevator shaft -trade federation cruiser anakin struggle to hang on to the narrow edge of the elevator shaft . the door to the elevator shaft be pried open , and two battle droid appear in the doorway and look down at anakin . they point they gun at he . droid 1 : hand up , jedi ! do not move . droid 2 : Roger , roger . 29 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser the two super battle droid overhear obi - wan 's comlink message to artoo . super battle droid 1 : there it be again . obi - wan : ( os ) artoo , do you copy ? artoo , do you hear I ? artoo , we need to be go up , not down . 30 int . elevator -trade federation cruiser the elevator race down as obi - wan hold on . obi - wan : stop. artoo ! we need to go up ! stop , stop ! the elevator stop with a jolt . obi - wan fall to the floor . 31 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser the two super battle droid see artoo and walk toward the little droid . super battle droid 1 : hey you ! artoo plug into the interface again and the elevator shoot up . 32 int . elevator -trade federation cruiser obi - wan stand up after have fall in the elevator . obi - wan : now , that 's better . . . 33 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser artoo be hold up by two super battle droid , who chuckle as the little astro droid curse and swing at they . super battle droid 1 : you stupid little astro droid ! 34 int . elevator shaft -trade federation cruiser anakin look down and see the elevator head toward he at a high rate of speed . he look at the battle droid lean over he with they gun point at he . he calculate for a moment , then give himself a push and flip himself up into the elevator shaft . before anakin can arc into a descent down the shaft , the elevator race up through the shaft , cut the droid in two . anakin land on the elevator and quickly drop back through the hole in the ceiling . obi - wan be startle and ignites he lightsaber . obi - wan : oh , it 's you . . . 35 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser artoo activate he oil hose and spray the super battle droid . the super battle droid slip on the oil . 36 int . elevator shaft -trade federation cruiser anakin : what be that all about ? obi - wan : well , artoo have be . . . anakin : no loose wire joke . . . he 's do the best he can . obi - wan : do I say anything ? anakin : he 's try ! obi - wan : I do not say anything ! 37 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser artoo ignites he arm rocket and shoot out of they grip , spraying they both with oil and set they on fire . the super battle droid slip and slide until they fall , smolder . artoo roll away . 38 int . general' quarter's-trade federation cruiser the elevator door open and the two jedi carefully make they way into the main room of the General 's quarter . at the far end sit supreme chancellor palpatine . anakin and obi - wan move toward the chancellor . as they get closer to palpatine , they see a very distress look on the chancellor 's face . obi - wan : ( bow ) chancellor . anakin : be you all right ? palpatine : ( quietly ) Count dooku . palpatine make a small gesture with he hand . obi - wan and anakin turn around . the elevator door can be heard open and close as count dooku stride into the room . he be above the jedi , stand on a balcony , with two super battle droid . the jedi turn to see he . he look down on the jedi . obi - wan : ( quietly to anakin ) this time we will do it together . anakin : I be about to say that . count dooku jump down to the main level . palpatine : get help ! you be no match for he . he 's a sith Lord . obi - wan : chancellor palpatine , sith lord be we specialty . obi - wan and anakin throw off they cloak and ignite they lightsaber . count dooku : you sword , please , master jedi . we do not want to make a mess of thing in front of the chancellor . obi - wan and anakin move toward dooku . obi - wan : you will not get away this time , dooku . obi - wan and anakin charge count dooku . a great sword fight ensue . count dooku : I have be look forward to this . anakin : my power have double since the last time we meet , Count . count dooku : good . twice the pride , double the fall . dooku lunge at the jedi and they fall back . . . count dooku : ( continue ) you move be clumsy , kenobi . . . too predictable . you will have to do better . as the battle proceed , obi - wan and count dooku be tired . anakin be stronger as he become angry . anakin continue to drive the attack on dooku . count dooku throw obi - wan back use the Force . anakin and count dooku move up the stair . as they reach the upper landing of the General 's quarter , anakin leap over count dooku . obi - wan reach the top of the stair , destroy two super battle droid . count dooku hold obi - wan in the air use the Force as he turn and kick anakin out of frame . obi - wan be choke . anakin hit the archway . dooku send obi - wan fly . the jedi tumble to the lower level unconscious . count dooku spin around again and , use the Force , cause a section of the balcony to drop onto obi - wan . anakin spin and kick count dooku , send he over the balcony . anakin jump , follow he down to the main floor . count dooku and anakin continue the fight . count dooku : ( continue ) I sense great fear in you , skywalker . you have hate , you have anger , but you do not use they . anakin regains he composure and attack count dooku as the Dark Lord continue he spin to meet he head on . they fight become even more intense . anakin attack count dooku with a new ferociousness . 39 int . general' quarter -trade federation cruiser anakin and dooku continue they fight . it be intense ! finally , in one last energize charge , anakin cut off count dooku 's hand . the jedi catch the lightsaber as it drop from the severe sith Lord 's hand . count dooku stumble to the floor as anakin put the two lightsaber to he neck . palpatine be grin as he watch count dooku 's defeat . palpatine : good , anakin , good . I know you could do it . kill he . kill he now ! anakin : I should not . . . palpatine : do it !! anakin cut off count dooku 's head . a huge explosion somewhere deep in the ship rattles everything . anakin : ... I could not stop myself . palpatine : you do well , anakin . he be too dangerous to be keep alive . anakin drop count dooku 's lightsaber , move to palpatine . anakin : yes , but he be a unarm prisoner . anakin raise he hand toward palpatine , who be strapped in the Admiral 's chair . the chancellor 's restraint pop loose . anakin : ( continue ) I should not have do that , chancellor . it 's not the jedi way . palpatine stand up , rub he wrist . palpatine : it be only natural . he cut off you arm , and you want revenge . it be not the first time , anakin . remember what you tell I about you mother and the Sand people . now , we must leave before more security droid arrive . the ship begin to list to one side . anakin rush over to obi - wan , lift the control console from on top of he , and pull he free . he kneel down and check out he unconscious friend . palpatine head for the elevator . palpatine : ( continue ) anakin , there be no time . we must get off the ship before it 's too late . anakin : he seem to be all right . no break bone , breathe 's all right . palpatine : leave he , or we will never make it . anakin : his fate will be the same as ours . anakin pick up obi - wan , sling he over he shoulder , and head for the elevator . 40 int . bridge -trade federation cruiser general grievous : prepare for attack . pilot : all battery fire ! Fire ! 41 int . battlestation -republic cruiser clone gunner fire on the Trade federation cruiser and take fire in return . gun emplacement be destroy . clone trooper go fly . 42 int . elevator lobby -general' quarter -trade federation cruiser anakin carry obi - wan to the elevator door and hit the button . palpatine join he . anakin : the elevator 's not work , ( into he comlink ) artoo . . . artoo beeps a response to anakin . anakin : ( continue ) . . . activate Elevator 3224 . suddenly the ship shift to its side as the elevator door open . palpatine be throw to the ground . anakin jump to the door frame of the elevator . anakin look into the elevator shaft . anakin : ( continue ) artoo ... do you copy ? artoo , come in ! 43 int . bridge -trade federation cruiser window be blow out , droid and equipment be suck into space . pilot : reverse stabilizer . 44 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser as the ship roll , spacecraft and equipment crash from one side of the ship to the seal object break through the metal blast door , cause object to be suck into space . artoo start to slide toward one of the small hole . 45 int . elevator lobby -general' quarter -trade federation cruiser as the elevator shaft rotate , it have become a long hallway . anakin cling to the doorframe with obi - wan on he shoulder , as the chancellor struggle to join he . 46 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser artoo continue to skid and slide toward open space . he swerve around box and wreck fighter . one of the battle droid stumble and be consume by the electronic shield in a zap . artoo beeps a reply as he dodge the laser blast of the battle droid . one bolt hit very near he , and he scream in terror . 47 int . bridge -trade federation cruiser pilot : magnetize ! magnetize ! 48 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser artoo be about to be overtaken by a starfighter slide behind he . he fall into a heap of break battle droid part and the fighter bounce over he . 49 ext . space -coruscant the trade federation cruiser head straight down toward the planet . 50 int . elevator lobby -general' quarter -trade federation cruiser anakin jump into the horizontal elevator shaft with obi - wan still on he shoulder . anakin : we can not wait . come on , we have to be fast . palpatine climb into the elevator shaft also . they start run . the ship begin to roll again , and the jedi and the chancellor be force to jump from one side of the elevator to the other . 51 int . bridge -trade federation cruiser general grievous : Fire the emergency booster engine . pilot : level out , sir . 52 int . elevator shaft on side - trade federation cruiser anakin still carry obi - wan on he back , and palpatine run down the elevator shaft as it start to move upright . anakin cut a control box on one of the door , but before the door can open , the ship move to a angle , cause anakin and palpatine to start slide down the shaft . anakin grab some wire in the control box with one hand . palpatine grab onto the jedi 's leg . as the ship rights itself , they be leave hang in the bottomless elevator shaft . 53 int . elevator shaft , vertical -trade federation cruiser , anakin , obi - wan , and palpatine hang precariously on the side of the bottomless elevator shaft . obi - wan regains consciousness and try to look around . anakin : easy . . .. we be in a bit of a situation . obi - wan : do I miss something ? obi - wan look down and see palpatine and the bottomless pit . they hear artoo beeping on obi-wan 's comlink . the ship begin to roll , cause the vertical shaft to move into a forty - five - degree angle . they hear the elevator brake release and look up to see the elevator head toward they . anakinn : hold on . obi - wan : what be that ? obi - wan and anakin look up to watch the elevator approach they at high speed , then obi - wan tum to anakin . obi - wan : ( continue ) oops . anakin : artoo , artoo , shut down the elevator ! obi - wan : too late ! jump ! they fall about three hundred foot before the tilt of the ship catch up with they , and they hit the side of the shaft and slide at great speed just ahead of the elevator . the shaft continue to rotate until it be completely horizontal . anakin and obi - wan take out and throw grapple hook . the hook catch and they continue to fall . all the door in the elevator shaft open up , and the group swing through the open door into a hallway . the elevator roar by . 54 int . elevator lobby -trade federation cruiser anakin , obi - wan , and palpatine fly through the elevator door and land . obi - wan : let 's see if we can find something in the hangar bay that 's still flyable . come on . anakin : artoo , get down here . artoo , do you copy ? 55 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser as the federation cruiser continue to rotate , artoo squeal and poke a periscope out of a pile of break battle droid part . he look around then rocket up out of the debris . 56 int . hallway to hangar BAY - trade federation cruiser obi - wan and anakin lead palpatine down a hallway toward the hangar bay . 57 int . doorway to hangar BAY - trade federation cruiser it be extremely windy as bit and piece be continually suck into space . the hangar bay door be close , but great stress be be exerted as the ship twist , re-enter the atmosphere of coruscant . they stop in a doorway lead into the hangar bay . obi - wan : none of that ship will get we anywhere . anakin : I agree . palpatine : what be we go to do ? anakin : I do not know . obi - wan : do not look at I . I do not know . anakin and palpatine both look to obi - wan . he shrug he shoulder . anakin 's fighter have be suck out of the hangar bay and be totale . suddenly , the ship turn on its side . anakin : here , chancellor , lock this around you waist , and hold on . obi - wan : we will head toward the bridge and see if we can find a escape pod . anakin hand palpatine the end of a cable that be attach to he utility belt . palpatine attaches it around he waist . anakin and obi - wan throw they utility cable to some pipe in the ceiling and swing to a second set of pipe . 58 int . MAIN hangar -trade federation cruiser obi - wan grab onto the pipe that run along what be the ceiling and be now the wall . as he move out into the hangar , two super battle droid start fire at he . the jedi ignites he lightsaber and deflect the bolt back at the droid , blow they up . anakin and palpatine follow obi - wan along the pipe run along the ceiling of the hangar . palpatine struggle against the escape air of the pressurize hangar . palpatine lose he grip as a pipe break , cause a rush of steam , but anakin manage to maintain he grasp on the pipe as the chancellor dangle on the other end of the utility cable . they be surround by SPARKS and explosion as the ship twist and try to break apart . anakin move out of the steam and struggle to pull palpatine back to safety . anakin be almost pull loose in the buffete wind . the ceiling behind they buckle , cause pipe to break , create geyser of steam . some bit of pipe go hurl into the blast door and out into space . they make it through a hangar doorway and close it behind they . 59 int . hangar doorway -trade federation cruiser obi - wan , anakin and palpatine be out of breath . anakin / obi - wan : well , that be close . they laugh . 60 int . bridge -trade federation cruiser bodyguard : General , we find the jedi . they be in hallway 328 . general grievous : activate ray shield . 61 int . hallway -trade federation cruiser they run down the hallway . suddenly , ray shield drop around they , put they in a electronic box in the middle of the hallway . anakin : Ray shield ! obi - wan take a deep breath to express he total disappointment . obi - wan : wait a minute , how would this happen ! we be smarter than this . anakin : apparently not , master . this be the oldest trap in the book . . . well ... I be distract . obi - wan : oh , so all of a sudden it 's my fault . anakin : you be the master . I be just a hero . obi - wan : I be open to suggestion here . palpatine : why do not we let they take we to General grievous . perhaps with Count dooku 's demise , we can negotiate we release . the jedi look at each other in disbelief . anakin : I say . . . patience . obi - wan : patience ! that 's you plan , be it ? anakin : yes , artoo will be along in a few moment and he will release the ray shield . . . artoo come skid across the hallway and bashes into the opposite wall . he take a moment to compose himself . anakin : ( continue ) see ! no problem . suddenly several doorway open , revealing two destroyer droid . sixteen super battle droid emerge from behind the destroyer droid . artoo turn and zap one of the super battle droid who then kick artoo over . super battle droid : do not move , dummy . ouch ! Zap this . obi - wan : do you have a plan b? 62 ext . bridge -trade federation cruiser obi - wan , anakin palpatine , and artoo be capture by general grievous . they stand before the alien droid general . general grievous : oh yes . General kenobi , the negotiator . we have be wait for you . that be not much of a rescue . a battle droid walk to general grievous and hand he the jedi be lightsaber . obi - wan : that depend upon you point of view . hah ! general grievous : and anakin skywalker ... I be expect someone with you reputation to be a little older . anakin : General grievous . .. Supreme Commander of the droid army . you be short than I expect . general grievous : ahbhh , jedi scum . . . obi - wan : anakin , try not to upset he . we have a job to do . general grievous : you lightsaber will make a fine addition to my collection . obi - wan : not this time . and this time you will not escape . anakin : artoo . artoo create a distraction by extend all he arm , shoot out electrical pulse , and bounce around . obi - wan , hand restrain with electrobond , spin around , reach out and , use the Force , yank he lightsaber out of the General 's hand , ignites it , and cut he bond . he continue to spin around and cut anakin free . general grievous : crush they ! make they suffer ! anakin use the Force to yank he lightsaber out of the General 's hand . the droid that surround they begin to FIRE . obi - wan and anakin jump into the line of fire . the bridge degenerate into chaos . obi - wan and anakin be lock ina pitch battle between electro staff and laser sword with general grievous 's two bodyguard . chancellor palpatine be take away by two battle droid . general grievous walk around the bridge direct the battle droid . general grievous : stay and watch you station . obi - wan fight one of General grievous 's bodyguard . the bodyguard carry a electrify staff about five foot long . when the laser sword hit it , electrical bolt fly everywhere and surround the laser sword . obi - wan be unable to cut the staff . the jedi get whacked pretty good a couple of time and be knock halfway across the bridge . obi - wan pull himself together and attack again , cut off the droid bodyguard be head . the droid bodyguard keep attack . anakin struggle to defend himself against the other manic droid bodyguard . he cut the droid bodyguard in half . two battle droid try to take the chancellor away . anakin follow they down the hallway and cut they down , rescue the chancellor . obi - wan finish off the headless bodyguard . it crumble to the floor in piece . alarm SOUND as the giant spacecraft begin to list and fall out of orbit . a pilot yell at general grievous . pilot : Sir , we be fall out of orbit . all aft control cell be dead . general grievous : stay on course .. . do not bother with they . keep the ship in orbit . obi - wan and anakin destroy the remain droid . general grievous retrieve one of the bodyguard be staff and face obi - wan . anakin leap over a console and land behind general grievous . general grievous : you lose , General kenobi . one of the pilot stand next to the General . pilot : the ship be break up ! general grievous : we have run out of time . obi - wan try to get at general grievous . anakin run at the General from the oppose side . general grievous turn and throw he electrify staff at the window . it break , cause chaos as everything that be not nail down be suck into space . general grievous be the first one suck out into space . he fire a cable from he arm that attaches to the ship . he swing in and land firmly on the side of the ship . obi - wan , anakin , and palpatine hold on for dear life . a blast shield close around where the window use to be . 63 int . bridge -trade federation cruiser obi - wan continue to fight the battle droid . the droid have back he into a corner . obi - wan hide behind a control panel as the droid blast away at he . he jump up and over the droid , cut most of they down before he land . he destroy the droid and join anakin . anakin and obi - wan cut through the rest of the droid as if they be make of butter . palpatine stand in shock as he watch the carnage . droid part be fire everywhere . obi - wan and anakin stand back to back and cut down the last of the droid just as there be a huge shudder , follow by more alarm . SPARKS begin to fly outside the window . palpatine : the hull be burn up ! 64 ext . hull -trade federation cruiser-space general grievous detach he cable and crawl along the exterior hull of the federation cruiser , use he magnetize hand and foot . he reach a row of escape pod and enter a airlock . 65 int . pod BAY - trade federation cruiser-space general grievous enter the escape pod bay through the hatch . the droid General go to a control panel and open a escape pod . general grievous : time to abandon ship . general grievous pull a row of switch , and one by one the escape pod be jettison . 66 int . escape pod -space he get in one , the hatch close , and the escape pod blast away from the damage cruiser . 67 int . bridge -trade federation cruiser obi - wan and anakin go over to the navigator 's chair . anakin : all the escape pod have be launch . obi - wan : grievous . can you fly a cruiser like this ? anakin : you mean , do I know how to land what 's leave of this thing ? anakin sit in the pilot 's chair and see on a screen the back half of the ship break away . there be a great jolt , and the ship tilt forward . obi - wan : well ? anakin : under the circumstance , I would say the ability to pilot this thing be irrelevant . strap yourselves in . obi - wan and palpatine strap themselves into chair . anakin struggle with the control of the ship . the ship start to glow , and piece break off . artoo move in on palpatine 's control and assist in fly the cruiser . obi - wan : steady . . . attitude . . . eighteen degree . artoo beep . anakin : pressure rise . we have get to slow this wreck down . open all hatches , extend all flap , and drag fin . obi - wan : temp steady . hatches open , flap extend , drag fin . . . a large part of the ship break away . anakin : we lose something . obi - wan : not to worry , we be still fly half the ship . anakin : now we be really pick up speed . . . I be go to shift a few degree and see if I can slow we down . obi - wan : careful . . . we be heating up - twelve thousand . . . thirteen thousand . . . anakin : what 's we speed ? obi - wan : eight plus sixty -forty . eight plus sixty -twenty . eight plus sixty . temp ten thousand , nine thousand . . . we be in the atmosphere . . . anakin point to one of the control . artoo beep madly . anakin : grab that . . . keep we level . obi - wan : steady . steady . anakin : easy , artoo . hang on , this may get a little rough . we lose we heat shield . obi - wan : five thousand . Three thousand . . . two thousand . fireship on the leave and the right . fireship pilot : we will take you in . obi - wan : copy that . landing strip 's straight ahead . anakin : we be come in too hot . obi - wan : easy -easy . the ship leave a contrail as it streak across the coruscant skyline . palpatine and obi - wan hold on for dear life as the ship shake and rattles toward a industrial landing platform . 68 ext . coruscant-industrial landing platform-afternoon a large landing platform in the industrial part of the city be surround by emergency Fire speeder . the smoking ship approach as five fireship spray it with foam . the ship finally make a rather hard landing . obi - wan : another happy landing . 69 ext . coruscant -senate office build - landing platform - late afternoon the small jedi shuttle carry palpatine and the jedi arrive at the landing platform . there be a dozen senator , include bail organa , jar jar bink , and c-3 po , wait for they . palpatine , r2 - D2 , and anakin get out . obi - wan and mace stay in the doorway of the jedi shuttle . anakin : ( to obi-wan ) be you come , master ? obi - wan : oh no . I be not brave enough for politics . I have to report to the Council . besides , someone need to be the poster boy . anakin : hold on , this whole operation be you idea . you plan it . you lead the rescue operation . you have to be the one to take the bow this time . obi - wan : sorry , old friend . let we not forget that you rescue I from the buzz droid . and you kill Count dooku . and you rescue the chancellor , carry I unconscious on you back , and you manage to land that bucket of bolt safely . . . anakin : all because of you training , master . you deserve all that speech of you greatness . obi - wan : . . . the endless speech . . . anakin , let 's be fair . today , you be the hero and you deserve you glorious day with the politician . anakin : allright . but you owe I . . . and not for save you skin for the tenth time . obi - wan : ninth time . . . that business on cato nemoidia do not count . I will see you at the briefing . anakin smile and walk away from obi - wan . the chancellor and he entourage approach mace . mace windu : chancellor palpatine , what a welcome sight ! be you all right ? palpatine : yes , thanks to you two jedi Knights . they kill Count dooku , but General grievous have escape once again . mace windu : General grievous will run and hide as he always do . he be a coward . palpatine : that maybe true , but with Count dooku dead , he be the leader of the droid Army , and I assure you , the Senate will vote to continue the war as long as grievous be alive . mace windu : then the jedi Council will make find grievous we high priority . bail , anakin , and the crowd walk away from the platform toward the Senate Building Grand hallway . bail organa : skywalker , the Republic can not praise you enough . anakin and bail organa , walk in the hallway . anakin : thank you , Senator organa . the kidnap be a bold move by the separatist , but it be a mistake that obi-wan and I be able to take advantage of . artoo and threepio follow behind the crowd . c-3 po : it could not possibly be as bad as all that . artoo beep . c-3po : ( continue ) well , there , I agree with you . in fact , I could do with a tune - up myself . 70 int . coruscant -senate office build -main hallway -late afternoon anakin be at the back of the crowd of senator , talk with bail organa . r2 - D2 and c-3 po scoot along ahead of they . bail organa : the end of Count dooku will surely bring a end to this war , and a end to the chancellor 's draconian security measure . anakin : I wish that be so , but the fight be go to continue until General grievous be spare part . .. the chancellor be very clear about that . behind a row of large column , a shadowy figure follow the jedi and the senator . anakin sense the figure . bail organa : I will do everything I can with the Senate . anakin : Excuse I . bail organa : certainly . anakin stop , and bail go off after palpatine and the other . anakin go behind one of the giant column to meet up with the shadowy figure , who be reveal to be senator padme amdala . they embrace and kiss . padme : oh , anakin ! thank goodness , you be back . anakin : I miss you , padme . I have miss you so . padme : there be whisper . . . that you would be kill . I have be live with unbearable dread . anakin : I be back , I be all right . it feel like we have be apart for a lifetime . and it might have be ... if the chancellor have not be kidnap . I do not think they would have ever bring we back from the Outer rim siege . anakin start to give she another kiss . she step back . padme : wait , not here ... he grab she again . anakin : yes , here ! I be tired of all this deception . I do not care if they know we be marry . padme : anakin , do not say thing like that . you be important to the Republic ... to end this war . I love you more than anything , but I will not let you give up you life as a jedi for I ... anakin : I have give my life to the jedi order , but I would only give up my life , for you . padme : ( playfully ) I would not like that . I would not like that one bit . patience , my handsome jedi . .. come to I later . anakin embrace she , then look at she . anakin : be you all right ? you be tremble . what 's go on ? padme : I be just excited to see you . anakin : that 's not it . I sense more . . . what be it ? padme : nothing . . . nothing . . . anakin : you be frighten . ( a little angry ) tell I what 's go on ! padme begin to cry . padme : you have be go five month . . . it 's be very hard for I . I have never feel so alone . there 's ... anakin : ... be there someone else ? padme : ( peeve , angry ) no ! why do you think that ? you jealousy upset I so much , anakin . I do nothing to betray you , yet you still do not trust I . nothing have change . anakin : ( sheepish ) I be afraid of lose you , padme . . . that 's all . padme : I will never stop loving you , anakin . my only fear be lose you . anakin : it 's just that I have never see you like this .. . padme : something wonderful have happen . they look at each other for a long moment . padme : ( continue ) I be . . . Annie , I be pregnant . anakin be stunne . he think through all of the ramification of this . he take she in he arm . anakin : that 's . . . that 's wonderful . padme : what be we go to do ? anakin : we be not go to worry about anything right now , all right ? this be a happy moment . the happiest moment of my life . 71 ext . utapau - landing platform-day a small neimoidian shuttle land . battle droid surround the ramp as general grievous descend onto the platform . super battle droid g21 approach . super battle droid g21 : the planet be secure , sir . the population be under control . general grievous : good . where be the separatist Council ? super battle droid g21 : this way , sir ... general grievous take the elevator to a upper level . he enter a conference room and press a series of button on the table , and bow . 72 int . utapau -conference room -grand chamber-day a hologram of darth sidious appear . general grievous : yes , Lord sidious . darth sidious : General grievous , I suggest you move the separatist leader to mustafar . general grievous : it will be do , my Lord . darth sidious : the end of the war be near , General , and I promise you , victory be assure . the hologram of sidious talk to grievous about the death of Count dooku . general grievous : but the loss of Count dooku ? darth sidious : his death be a necessary loss , which will ensure we victory . soon I will have a new apprentice . . . one far young and more powerful than Lord tyranus . 73 int . coruscant -padme's apartment-twilight padme stand in the balcony brush she hair . anakin lean against the wall , watch she lovingly . anakin : . .. every second I be think of you . protect the endless , nameless Outer rim settlement become a torture . . . the battle be easy , the long become unbearable . . . I have never be so happy as I be at this moment . padme : Annie , I want to have we baby back home on naboo . we could go to the lake country where no one would know . . . where we would be safe . I could go early - and fix up the baby 's room . I know the perfect spot , right by the garden . anakin : you be so beautiful ! padme : it 's only because I be so in love . . . anakin : no , it 's because I be so in love with you . padme : so love have blind you ? anakin : well , that 's not exactly what I mean . . . padme : but it 's probably true ! they laugh . anakin : I have not laugh in so long ... padme : neither have I . 74 int . polis massa -medical center-dream the view be strangely distort and disorient . padme be on a table in a alien medical chamber . she be give birth and be scream . padme : anakin , help I ! help , anakin ! anakin , I love you . I love you . she scream and die . 75 int . coruscant -padme's apartment-bedroom-night anakin awaken in a panic . he be cover in sweat . he look over in the bed and see padme sound asleep next to he . anakin get out from under the sheet and sit on the side of the bed . he be breathe heavily . he put he head in he hand and weep . he regains he composure and leave the room down a set of stair . padme awaken , realize anakin be go . padme : anakin ?? she get out of bed and go downstairs to look for he . 76 ext . coruscant -padme's apartment-veranda-night anakin walk down a flight of stair onto a large veranda . the vast city planet of coruscant , smolder from the battle , be spread out before he . he be distraught . padme descend the stair and join anakin on the veranda . she take he hand . he do not look at she . padme : what 's bother you ? anakin : nothing ... anakin touch the japor snippet around padme's neck , that anakin give she when he be a small boy . anakin : ( continue ) I remember when I give this to you . padme : anakin , how long be it go to take for we to be honest with each other ? anakin : it be a dream . padme : bad ? anakin : like the one I use to have about my mother just before she die . padme : and ? anakin : it be about you . they look at each other . a moment of concern pass between they . padme : tell I . anakin : it be only a dream . padme give he a long , worried look . anakin take a deep breath . anakin : ( continue ) you die in childbirth . . . padme : and the baby ? anakin : I do not know . padme : it be only a dream . anakin take padme in he arm . anakin : ... I will not let this one become real , padme . they embrace , then part . padme : anakin , this baby will change we life . I doubt the Queen will continue to allow I to serve in the Senate , and if the Council discover you be the father , you will be expell from the jedi order . anakin : I know .... padme : anakin , do you think obi-wan might be able to help we ? anakin : ( suspicious ) have you tell he anything ? padme : no , but he 's you mentor , you best friend . . . he must suspect something . anakin : he 's be a father to I , but he 's still on the Council . do not tell he anything ! padme : I will not , anakin . anakin : I do not need he help . . . we baby be a bless , not a problem . 77 int . coruscant -jedi temple -yodas quarters-day yoda and anakin sit in yoda 's room , deep in think . yoda : premonition . . . premonition ... hmmmm . . . this vision you have . . . anakin : they be of pain , suffer , death . . . yoda : yourself you speak of , or someone you know ? anakin : someone .. . yoda : .. . close to you ? anakin : yes . yoda : careful you must be when sense the future , anakin . the fear of loss be a path to the dark side . anakin : I will not let this vision come true , master yoda . yoda : death be a natural part of life . rejoice for that around you who transform into the Force . mourn they , do not . miss they , do not . attachment lead to jealousy . the shadow of greed , that be . anakin : what must I do , master yoda ? yoda : train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose . 78 int . coruscant -jedi temple-hallway-day anakin hurry down a temple hallway , head toward a jedi briefing room . several jedi be exite . 79 int . coruscant -jedi temple - briefing room-day anakin rush into the briefing room . by the time he reach the chamber , the last of the jedi be leave . only obi - wan remain at the front of the lecture hall . he be shutting off some hologram and electronic chart and map . obi - wan : you miss the report on the Outer rim siege . anakin : I be sorry , I be hold up . I have no excuse . obi - wan : in short , they be go very well . saleucami have fall , and master vo have move he troops to boz pity . anakin : what 's wrong then ? obi - wan : the Senate be expect to vote more executive power to the chancellor today . anakin : well , that can only mean less deliberate and more action . be that bad ? it will make it easier for we to end this war . obi - wan : anakin , be careful of you friend palpatine . anakin : be careful of what ? obi - wan : he have request you presence . anakin : what for ? obi - wan : he would not say . anakin : he do not inform the jedi Council ? that 's unusual , be not it ? obi - wan : all of this be unusual , and it 's make I feel uneasy . you be probably aware that relation between the Council and the chancellor be stress . anakin : I know the Council have grow wary of the chancellor 's power , mine also for that matter . be not we all work together to save the Republic ? why all this distrust ? obi - wan : the Force grow dark , anakin , and we be all affect by it . be wary of you feeling . 80 int . coruscant-chancellor's office -day anakin stand with palpatine at he window overlook the vastness of coruscant . several building have be destroy . a brown haze hang over the landscape . palpatine : anakin , this afternoon the Senate be go to call on I to take direct control of the jedi Council . anakin : the jedi will no longer report to the Senate ? palpatine : they will report to I . . . personally . the Senate be too unfocus to conduct a war . this will bring a quick end to thing . anakin : I agree , but the jedi Council may not see it that way . palpatine : there be time when we must all endure adjustment to the constitution in the name of security . anakin : with all due respect , sir , the Council be in no mood for more constitutional amendment . palpatine : thank you , my friend , but in this case I have no choice . . . this war must be win . anakin : everyone will agree on that . palpatine : anakin , I have know you since you be a small boy . I have advise you over the year when I could ... 1 be very proud of you accomplishment . you have win many battle the jedi Council think be lose . . . and you save my life . I hope you trust I , anakin . anakin : of course . palpatine : I need you help , son . anakin : what do you mean ? palpatine : I fear the jedi . the Council keep push for more control . they be shroud in secrecy and obsessed with maintain they autonomy .. . ideal . I find simply incomprehensible in a democracy . anakin : I can assure you that the jedi be dedicated to the value of the Republic , sir . palpatine : nevertheless , they action will speak more loudly than they word . I be depend on you . anakin : for what ? I do not understand . palpatine : to be the eye , ear , and voice of the Republic . . . anakin think about this . palpatine : ( continue ) anakin . . . I be appoint you to be my personal representative on the jedi Council . aanakin : me? a master ? I be overwhelm , sir , but the Council elect its own member . they will never accept this . palpatine : I think they will . . . they need you more than you know . 81 int . coruscant - bail organa's office -day padme , bail organa , and senator mon mothma , fang zar , terr taneel , and giddean danu sit in Senator organa 's office . bail organa : now that he have control of the jedi Council , the chancellor have appoint governor to oversee all star system in the Republic . fang zar : when do this happen ? bail organa : the decree be post this morning . padme : do you think he will dismantle the Senate ? mon mothma : why bother ? as a practical matter , the Senate no longer exist . giddean danu : the constitution be in shred . amendment after amendment . . . executive directive , sometimes a dozen in one day . bail organa : we can not let a thousand year of democracy disappear without a fight . everyone look at each other , a little worried at the implication of what be just say . terr taneel : what be you suggest ? bail organa : | apologize . I do not mean to sound like a separatist . mon mothma : we be not separatist try to leave the Republic . we be loyalist , try to preserve democracy in the Republic . bail organa : it have become increasingly clear to many of we that the chancellor have become a enemy of democracy . padme : I can not believe it have come to this ! chancellor palpatine be one of my oldest advisor . he serve as my ambassador when I be Queen . giddean danu : Senator , I fear you underestimate the amount of corruption that have take hold in the Senate . mon mothma : the chancellor have play the Senators well . they know where the power lie , and they will do whatever it take to share in it . palpatine have become a dictator and we have help he to do it . bail organa : we can not sit around debate any longer , we have decide to do what we can to stop it . Senator mon mothma and I be put together a organization . . . padme : say no more . Senator organa . I understand . at this point , it 's better to leave some thing unsaid . bail organa : yes . I agree and we must not discuss this with anyone , without everyone in this group agree . mon mothma : that mean that close to you . . . even family ... no one can be tell . they all nod they head . padme consider this for a moment . padme : agreed . 82 int . coruscant -jedi temple -hallway outside council chambers-day anakin stand pensively in front of the jedi Council Chambers . the door open . 83 int . coruscant -jedi temple -council chambers-day anakin enter and stand in the middle of the room . he be surround by the jedi Council mace windu , eeth koth obi - wan , yoda , the hologram of plo koon and KI - adi -mundi . mace : anakin skywalker , we have approve you appointment to the Council as the chancellor 's personal representative . anakin : I will do my best to uphold the principle of the jedi order . yoda : allow this appointment lightly , the Council do not . disturb be this move by chancellor palpatine . anakin : I understand . mace : you be on this Council , but we do not grant you the rank of master . anakin react with anger . anakin : what ? ! how can you do this ?? this be outrageous , it 's unfair . . . I be more powerful than any of you . how can you be on the Council and not be a master ? mace : take a seat , young skywalker . anakin : forgive I , master . anakin go and sit in one of the empty chair . everyone be embarrassed . KI - adi - mundi who appear as a hologram , speak . KI - adi - mundi : we have survey all system in the Republic , and have find no sign of General grievous . yoda : hiding in the Outer rim , grievous be . the outly system , you must sweep . obi - wan : it may take some time . . . we do not have many ship to spare . mace : we can not take ship from the front line . obi - wan : and yet , it would be fatal for we to allow the droid army to regroup . yoda : master kenobi , we spy contact , you must , and then wait . KI - adi -mundi : what about the droid attack on the wookiee ? mace : it be critical we send a attack group there , immediately ! obi - wan : he 's right , that be a system we cannot afford to lose . it 's the main navigation route for the southwestern quadrant . anakin : I know that system well . it would take we little time to drive the droid off that planet . mace : skywalker , you assignment be here with the chancellor , and kenobi must find General grievous . yoda : go , I will . good relation with the wookiee , I have . mace : it be settle then . yoda will take a battalion of clone to reinforce the wookiee on kashyyyk . May the Force be with we all . anakin be disappointed . 84 int . coruscant -jedi temple -massive MAIN hallway and alcove -late afternoon anakin and obi - wan walk through one of the massive jedi Temple hallway . anakin be furious . anakin : what kind of nonsense be this , put I on the Council and not make I a master !?? that 's never be do in the history of the jedi . it 's insulting ! obi - wan : calm down , anakin . you have be give a great honor . to be on the Council at you age . . . it 's never happen before . listen to I , anakin . the fact of the matter be you be too close to the chancellor . the Council do not like it when he interfere in jedi affair . anakin : I swear to you , I do not ask to be put on the Council . . . obi - wan : but it 's what you want ! you friendship with chancellor palpatine seem to have pay off . anakin : that have nothing to do with this . obi - wan : anakin , regardless of how it happen , you find yourself in a delicate situation . anakin : you mean divide loyalty . obi - wan : I warn you there be tension between the Council and the chancellor . I be very clear . why do not you listen ? you walk right into it . anakin : the Council be upset I be the youngest to ever serve . obi - wan : no , it be not . anakin , I worry when you speak of jealousy and pride . that be not jedi thought . they be dangerous , dark thought . anakin : master , you of all people should have confidence in my ability . I know where my loyalty lie . obi - wan : I hope so . . . anakin : I sense there 's more to this talk than you be say . obi - wan : anakin , the only reason the Council have approve you appointment be because the chancellor trust you . anakin : and ? obi - wan : anakin , look , I be on you side . I do not want to see you put in this situation . anakin : what situation ? obi - wan : ( take a deep breath ) the Council want you to report on all of the chancellor 's dealing . they want to know what he 's up to . anakin : they want I to spy on the chancellor ? that 's treason ! obi - wan : we be at war , anakin . the jedi Council be swear to uphold the principle of the Republic , even if the chancellor do not . anakin : why do not the Council give I this assignment when we be in session ? obi - wan : this assignment be not to be on record . the Council ask I to approach you on this personally . anakin : the chancellor be not a bad man , obi-wan . he befriend I . he 's watch out for I ever since I arrive here . obi - wan : that be why you must help we , anakin . we allegiance be to the Senate , not to its leader who have manage to stay in office long after he term have expire . anakin : master , the Senate demand that he stay longer . obi - wan : yes , but use you feeling , anakin . something be out of place . anakin : you be ask I to do something against the jedi code . against the Republic . against a mentor . . . and a friend . that 's what 's out of place here . why be you ask this of I ? obi - wan : the Council be ask you . 85 ext . coruscant-clone landing platform-day a jedi gunship head for the huge clone landing platform . 86 int . coruscant -jedi gunship -day yoda , mace , and obi - wan ride in the gunship as it head for the clone landing platform . mace and obi-wan be sit . obi - wan : anakin do not take to he assignment with much enthusiasm . yoda : too much under the sway of the chancellor , he be . much anger there be in he . too much pride in he power . mace : it 's very dangerous , put they together . I do not think the boy can handle it . I do not trust he . obi - wan : he will be all right . I trust he with my life . mace : I wish I do . obi - wan : with all due respect , master , be he not the chosen one ? be he not to destroy the sith and bring balance to the Force ? mace : so the prophecy say . yoda : a prophecy . . . that misread could have be . obi - wan : he will not let I down . he never have . yoda : I hope right you be . and now destroy the droid army on kashyyyk , I will . May the Force be with you . the gunship land and the ramp lower . yoda exit the gunship . mace and obi - wan stand and give he a brief bow then take off in the gunship . 87 ext . coruscant -padme's apartment-veranda-sunset padme 's speeder pull up to the landing platform . captain typho escort padme onto the veranda , where two handmaiden ( elle and motee ) be wait . padme turn to captain typho . padme : thank you , Captain . captain typho : Rest well . my Lady . captain typho get back into the speeder , and it disappear into the cityscape . the handmaiden , motee and elle , approach padme as the shadow of a figure move in the background . c-3 po be stand nearby . padme : I will be up in a while . motee : yes , my lady . c-3 po stand , confuse , as the handmaiden turn and exit . c-3po : be there anything I might do for you , my lady ? padme : yes , make sure all the security droid be work . thank you , threepio . the golden droid turn and exit . padme stand and watch the sunset . the shadowy figure move toward she . she sense something . anakin : beautiful , be not it ? padme jump and turn around . padme : you startle I . he sit next to she on the bench . anakin : how be you feel ? padme : he keep kick . anakin : he ?! why do you think it 's a boy ? padme : ( laugh ) my motherly intuition . she put he hand on she belly . anakin : whoa ! with a kick that strong , it 's get to be a girl . they laugh . padme : I hear about you appointment . anakin . I be so proud of you . anakin : I may be on the Council , but . . . they refuse to accept I as a jedi master . padme : patience . in time , they will recognize you skill . anakin : they still treat I as if I be a padawan learner . . . they fear my power , that 's the problem . padme : anakin ... anakin : sometimes , I wonder what 's happen to the jedi order . . . I think this war be destroy the principle of the Republic . padme : have you ever consider that we may be on the wrong side ? anakin : ( suspicious ) what do you mean ? padme : what if the democracy we think we be serve no longer exist , and the Republic have become the very evil we have be fight to destroy ? anakin : I do not believe that . and you be sounding like a separatist ! padme : anakin , this war represent a failure to listen . .. now , you be closer to the chancellor than anyone . please , please ask he to stop the fight and let diplomacy resume . anakin : ( grow angry ) do not ask I to do that , padme . make a motion in the Senate , where that kind of a request belong . I be not you errand boy . I be not anyone 's errand boy ! padme : what be it ? anakin : nothing . padme : do not do this . . . do not shut I out . let I help you . anakin : you can not help I . . . I be try to help you . they look in each other 's eye . anakin : ( continue ) I sense . . . there be thing you be not tell I . padme be startle at this . padme : I sense there be thing you be not tell I . padme smile . anakin be a little embarrassed . padme : ( continue ) hold I .. . like you do by the lake on naboo , so long ago ... when there be nothing but we love ... no politics , no plotting ... no war . 88 int . coruscant -galaxies opera house - night anakin land he speeder and exit . anakin run up the stair at the galaxy Opera House . anakin run through the hallway and enter palpatine 's box , where the chancellor be sit with mas amedda and sly -moore , watch the man calamari ballet do " squid Lake . " anakin : you want to see I , chancellor . palpatine : yes , anakin ! come closer . I have good news . we clone Intelligence unit have discover the location of General grievous . he be hide in the utapau system . anakin : at last , we will be able to capture that monster and end this war . palpatine : I would worry about the collective wisdom of the Council if they do not select you for this assignment . you be the best choice by far ... but , they can not always be trust to do the right thing . anakin : they try . palpatine : sit down , ( to he aide ) leave we . anakin sit next to palpatine . the chancellor lean over to he . palpatine : ( continue ) anakin , you know I be not able to rely on the jedi Council . if they have not include you in they plot , they soon will . anakin : I be not sure I understand . palpatine : you must sense what I have come to suspect . . . the jedi Council want control of the Republic . . . they be plan to betray I . anakin : I do not think .. . palpatine : anakin , search you feeling . you know , do not you ? anakin : I know they do not trust you . . . palpatine : or the Senate . . . or the Republic . . . or democracy for that matter . anakin : I have to admit my trust in they have be shake . palpatine : why ? they ask you to do something that make you feel dishonest , do not they ? anakin do not say anything . he simply look down . palpatine : ( continue ) they ask you to spy on I , do not they ? anakin : I do not know ... I do not know what to say . palpatine : remember back to you early teaching . anakin . " all that who gain power be afraid to lose it . " even the jedi . anakin : the jedi use they power for good . palpatine : good be a point of view , anakin . and the jedi point of view be not the only valid one . the Dark lord of the sith believe in security and justice also , yet they be consider by the jedi to be . . . anakin : ... evil . palpatine : . . . from a jedi 's point of view . the sith and the jedi be similar in almost every way , include they quest for great power . the difference between the two be the sith be not afraid of the dark side of the Force . that be why they be more powerful . anakin : the sith rely on they passion for they strength . they think inward , only about themselves . palpatine : and the jedi do not ? anakin : the jedi be selfless . . . they only care about other . palpatine smile . palpatine : or so you have be train to believe . why be it , then , that they have ask you to do something you feel be wrong ? anakin : I be not sure it 's wrong . palpatine : have they ask you to betray the jedi code ? the constitution ? a friendship ? you own value ? think . consider they motive . keep you mind clear of assumption . the fear of lose power be a weakness of both the jedi and the sith . anakin be deep in think . palpatine : ( continue ) do you ever hear the tragedy of darth plagueis " the wise " ? anakin : no. palpatine : I think not . it 's not a story the jedi would tell you . it 's a sith legend . darth plagueis be a Dark Lord of the sith , so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midi-chlorian to create life ... he have such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the one he care about from die . anakin : he could actually save people from death ? palpatine : the dark side of the Force be a pathway to many ability some consider to be unnatural . anakin : what happen to he ? palpatine : he become so powerful . . . the only thing he be afraid of be lose he power , which eventually , of course , he do . unfortunately , he teach he apprentice everything he know , then he apprentice kill he in he sleep . ( smile ) plagueis never see it come . it 's ironic he could save other from death , but not himself . anakin : be it possible to learn this power ? palpatine : not from a jedi . 89 ext . kashyyyk -day a wookiee catamaran flanke by wookiee helicopter approach the tree housing the hologram area . 90 int . kashy yyk - hologram area -day yoda and various jedi speak via hologram . the discussion include obi - wan , mace , agen kolar , yoda - KI - adi -mundi and plo koon . KI - adi -mundi : ( holo ) palpatine think General grievous be on utapau . we have have no report of this from we agent . mace : ( holo ) how could the chancellor have come by this information and we know nothing about it ? we have have contact with Baron papanoida and he say no one be there . anakin : a partial message be intercept in a diplomatic packet from the Chairman of utapau . yoda : Act on this , we must . the capture of General grievous will end this war . quickly and decisively we should proceed . obi - wan : do everyone agree ? all the jedi concur . anakin : the chancellor have request that I lead the campaign . they all look at anakin a bit disturb . mace : ( a little peeve ) the Council will make up its own mind who be to go , not the chancellor . KI - adi - mundi : yes , this decision be ours to make . anakin be embarrassed and become sullen . yoda : a master be need , with more experience . mace : give we resource , I recommend we send only one jedi . .. master kenobi . anakin : he be not so successful the last time he meet grievous . obi - wan throw anakin a dirty look . anakin : ( continue ) no offense , my master , but I be only state a fact . obi - wan : oh no , you be quite right , but I do have the most experience with he way of combat . yoda : obi-wan , my choice be . KI - adi -mundi : I concur . master kenobi should go . ' yoda : I agree . all the jedi concur . mace : very well . Council be adjourned . anakin be angry . mace : ( continue ) obi-wan , prepare two clone brigade as quickly as you can . if this report be true , there 's no tell how many battle droid he may have with he . 91 int . kashyyyk -hologram area -day yoda get out of he chair and walk to the edge of the platform . clone commander gree : the droid have start up they main power generator . yoda : then now the time be , Commander . clone commander gree : yes , sir . the battle begin . 92 ext . kashyyyk - beach head -day a wookiee chieftain let out a roar as the wookiee army rush to face the droid army . corporate alliance tank droid race across the water against the wookiee and clone troopers on the beach . droid gunship provide air support , while a spider droid emerge from the watery depth . a brave wookiee place a explosive on a separatist tank and jump off just before the tank explode . from the hologram Area , yoda observe the ongoing battle . 93 ext . coruscant - padme's apartment-early morning padme 's apartment building be surround by the smog-shrouded city of coruscant . 94 int . coruscant - padme's apartment-living room-early morning padme and obi - wan sit on one of the couch . obi - wan : have anakin be to see you ? padme : several time . . . I be so happy to hear he be accept on the jedi Council . obi - wan : I know ... he deserve it . he be impatient , strong will , very opinionate , but truly gift . they laugh . padme : you be not just here to say hello . something be wrong , be not it ? obi - wan : you should be a jedi , padme . padme : you be not very good at hide you feeling . obi - wan : it 's anakin . . . he 's become moody and detach . he 's be put in a difficult position as the chancellor 's representative . . . but I think it 's more than that . I be hope he may have talk to you . padme : why would he talk to I about he work ? obi - wan study she . obi - wan : neither of you be very good at hide you feeling either . padme : do not give I that look . obi - wan : I know how he feel about you . padme : ( nervous ) what do he say ? obi - wan : nothing . he do not have to . padme be a little flustered . she stand and obi-wan follow . she walk to the balcony . padme : I do not know what you be talk about . obi - wan : I know you both too well . I can see you two be in love . padme , I be worried about he . padme look down and do not answer . obi - wan : ( continue ) I fear you relationship have confuse he . he 's change considerably since we return . . . they stand on the balcony and look off at the early morning city . obi - wan start to leave . padme stay look off into the distant city . obi - wan : ( continue ) padme , I be not tell the Council about any of this . I ... [ hope I do not upset you . we be all friend , I care about both of you . . . padme : thank you , obi-wan . obi - wan : please do what you can to help he . 95 int . coruscant - padme's apartment-day padme , mon mothma , and five other Senators ( bana breemu , fang zar . chi eekway , giddean danu , bail organa ) sit in padme 's live room . C - 3 po serve drink to the guest . padme : we can not let this turn into another war . bail organa : absolutely , that be the last thing we want . mon mothma : we be hope to form a alliance in the Senate to stop the chancellor from further subverting the constitution , that 's all . padme : I know a jedi I feel it would be wise to consult . bana breemu : that would be dangerous . mon mothma : we do not know where the jedi stand in all this . padme : I only wish to discuss this with one . . . one I trust . giddean danu : go against the chancellor without the support of the jedi be risky . padme : the jedi be not any happier with the situation than we be . . . chi eekway : patience , Senator . fang zar : we have so many Senators on we side , surely that will pursuade the chancellor . bana breemu : when you present the " petition of the two thousand " to the chancellor , thing may change . bail organa : let we see what we can accomplish in the Senate , before we include the jedi . padme take a deep breath in frustration and disappointment . 96 ext . coruscant-clone landing platform-day anakin and obi - wan walk onto a landing platform overlook a docking bay where thousand of clone troops and armored weapon , tank , etc. , be be load onto a massive republic assault ship . anakin : you be go to need I on this one , master . obi - wan : oh , I agree . however it may turn out just to be a wild bantha chase . obi - wan start to turn and leave . anakin : master ! obi - wan stop and anakin walk over to he . anakin : ( continue ) master , I have disappointed you . I have not be very appreciative of you training . . . I have be arrogant and I apologize . . . I have just be so frustrated with the Council . you friendship mean everything to I . obi - wan : you be strong and wise , anakin , and I be very proud of you . I have train you since you be a small boy . I have teach you everything I know . and you have become a far great jedi than I could ever hope to be , and you have save my life more time than I can remember . but be patient , anakin . it will not be long before the Council make you a jedi master . obi - wan start down the ramp , then turn back . obi - wan : ( continue ) do not worry . I have enough clone with I to take three system the size of utapau . I think I will be able to handle the situation . . . even without you help . anakin : well , there 's always a first time . obi - wan laugh . they talk for a few more minute before anakin watch obi - wan depart . anakin : obi-wan , may the Force be with you . obi - wan : good-bye , old friend . May the Force be with you . obi - wan head down a ramp toward the wait Republic cruiser . 97 ext . coruscant-clone landing platform-day the Republic cruiser lift off and head for space . 98 int . republic battle cruiser-hangar-space clone troopers stand at attention in row on the floor of the hangar deck , wait to board landing craft . obi - wan stand next to he blue jedi fighter - talk to several clone commander with they helmet off . a hologram of the planet utapau be project by r4 - g9 into the middle of the hangar . clone commander cody : fortunately , most of the city be concentrate on this small continent here . . . on the far side . obi - wan : I will keep they distract until you get there . just do not take too long . clone commander cody : come on , boss , when have I ever let you down ? they laugh . obi - wan : ( laugh ) cato nemoidia . . . for starter . obi - wan climb into he jedi fighter . clone commander cody : that be anakin who be late . I believe . obi - wan : very well , the burden be on I not to destroy all the droid before you get there . clone commander cody : I be count on you . 99 ext . jedi fighter-space obi - wan blast the blue jedi fighter out of the Republic Battle cruiser and into the hyperspace ring . he head for the planet utapau . 100 ext . coruscant-cityscape-chancellor's transport-day the chancellor 's Transport race through the city and head for the Senate Office Building landing platform . wait on the landing platform be a lone jedi . the Transport land , and chancellor palpatine emerge with four royal guard and mas amedda . the four royal guard move off in another direction as palpatine greet anakin , who have be wait for he . palpatine : well , anakin , do you see you friend off ? anakin : he will soon have grievous 's head . palpatine : we can only hope the Council do not make a mistake . anakin : the Council be very sure in its decision . they exit the landing platform . 101 int . coruscant -senate office build -main hallway -day they enter the main hallway of the Senate Office Building . they pass several senator , include representative jar jar bink from naboo . jar jar : helloo Annie . good en to see yousa . . . the gungan wave to anakin . anakin : hi , jar jar. jar jar : oopsin da chancellor !! so sorry , you highness , sir . anakin turn back to the chancellor . palpatine : there be rumor in the Senate about master kenobi . many believe he be not fit for this assignment . anakin : not fit ? why would anyone think that ? palpatine : they say he mind have become fogge by the influence of a certain female Senator . anakin : that 's ridiculous . who ?!? palpatine : ( slyly ) no one know who she be ... only that she be a Senator . anakin : that 's impossible . I would know . palpatine : sometimes the close be the one who can not see . anakin become worried . palpatine : ( continue ) idle Senate gossip be rarely true and never accurate . I be sure you master will do fine . 102 int . polis massa -medical center-dream padme call out in pain . obi - wan be near she and softly speak to she . obi - wan : save you energy . padme : I can not ! obi - wan : do not give up , padme . do not give up . . . 103 int . coruscant - padme's apartment -landing room-day anakin be in the live room , work . he sit on the couch where obi-wan be sit . padme enter and cross behind he . anakin : I sense someone familiar . . . obi-wan 's be here , have not he ? padme : he come by this morning . anakin : what do he want ? padme look at he for a moment . anakin seem tense . padme : he 's worried about you . anakin : you tell he about we , do not you ? she continue to walk to the bedroom , he follow . padme : he 's you best friend , anakin . he say you be under a lot of stress . anakin : and he 's not ? padme : you have be moody lately . anakin : I be not moody . . . padme : anakin ! do not do this again . anakin : I do not know ... I feel . . . lose . padme : lose ? what do you mean ? you be always so sure of yourself . I do not understand . anakin : obi-wan and the Council do not trust I . padme : they trust you with they life . obi-wan love you as a son . anakin : something 's happen . . . I be not the jedi I should be . I be one of the most powerful jedi , but I be not satisfied ... | want more , and I know I should not . padme : you expect too much of yourself . they stop in front of the window in the bedroom . anakin put he hand on she belly . anakin : I have find a way to save you . padme : save I ? anakin : from my nightmare . padme : be that what 's bother you ? anakin : I will not lose you , padme . padme : I be not go to die in childbirth , Annie . I promise you . anakin : no , I promise you ! I be become so powerful with my new knowledge of the Force , I will be able to keep you from die . padme look anakin in the eye . padme : you do not need more power , anakin . I believe you can protect I against anything , just as you be . they embrace and kiss . 104 ext . utapau -space obi - wan blast out of the blue jedi fighter 's hyperspace ring and head for the planet utapau . the blue fighter skim over the planet 's surface , flat except for a few giant sinkholes . 105 int . utapau - landing platform-day obi - wan land he ship on a platform project out of the side of a giant sinkhole . all be quiet . a local administrator , tion medon , come out to greet the ship . obi - wan climb out of he fighter as a short ground crew look over he ship . on a ledge above the landing platform , grievous 's bodyguard watch as obi - wan talk to tion medon . tion medon : greeting , young jedi . what bring you to we remote sanctuary ? obi - wan : unfortunately , the war . tion medon : there be no war here unless you have bring it with you . obi - wan : with you kind permission , I should like some fuel and to use you city as a base as I search nearby system for General grievous . a ground crew tushes out and refuel obi-wan 's fighter . tion medon lean close to obi - wan and speak quietly . tion medon : he be here ! we be be hold hostage . they be watch we . obi - wan : I understand . tion medon : the tenth level . . . thousand of Battle droid . . . obi - wan : tell you people to take shelter . if you have warrior , now be the time . obi - wan start back toward he starfighter as tion medon leave the landing platform . grievous 's bodyguard retreat from the overhead platform . obi - wan climb back into he blue jedi fighter . his astro unit ( r4 - g9 ) turn to he : obi - wan : ( continue ) geenine , take the fighter back to the ship . I be stay here . tell cody I have make contact . the little astro droid beeps a reply . 106 ext . utapau -observation deck-day on a high balcony , tion medon look down on the landing platform . a few step behind he stand one of general grievous 's bodyguard . they watch the canopy lower . tion medon : I tell you , all he want be fuel . bodyguard : what be he name ? tion medon : he do not say . they watch as the blue jedi fighter take off . 107 int . utapau -landing platform-hallway-day obi - wan also watch he ship take off . he be hide in the hallway . he quietly move farther into the city . 108 ext . utapau stairway - sinkhole rim -day obi - wan quickly rush up a stairway cut into the side of the sinkhole . it 's hard to see he . in a alcove , he carefully survey the city , then quickly move on . 109 int . utapau -city -dragon corral-day obi - wan make he way through the city , look up at the tenth level with electro - binocular from he utility belt . he try to figure out how he be go to get up there . he hear strange bellow cry and he investigate . he come across a corral fill with about half a dozen dragon - like lizard . several wranglers be stand around . obi - wan walk up to the wranglers and use the Force with he slight hand movement . obi - wan : I need transportation . wrangler : ( subtitle , in native tongue ) you need transportation . obi - wan : get it for I . wrangler : ( subtitle , in native tongue ) I will get it for you . one of the wranglers turn to the other and chatter away in he strange tongue . obi - wan walk along the line of dragon / lizard , check out each one . he look at they tooth , leg , etc . finally he pat one on the neck . obi - wan : this one . the wrangler bring the choose one over to he . wrangler : boga . she answer to boga . obi - wan : good girl , boga . obi - wan swing onto the back of the lizard . the beast rear up and scurries outside to the edge of the sinkhole . 110 ext . utapau -sinkhole wall -lizard -day the lizard boga rear up on she hind leg again , then climb the wall of the sheer cliff and start move up toward the tenth level . the city appear to be desert . obi - wan be alert to any movement . 111 int . utapau -conference room-grand chamber-day general grievous stand before the council of separatist , include nute gunray , rune haako . poggle the lesser , shu mai , san hill po nudo , wat tambor , and passel argente . obi - wan hide above the assembly and watch intently . general grievous : it will not be long before the army of the Republic track we here . I be send you to the mustafar system in the Outer rim . it be a volcanic planet which generate a great deal of scan interference . you will be safe there . nute gunray : safe ? chancellor palpatine manage to escape you grip , General , without Count dooku . I have doubt about you ability to keep we safe . general grievous : be thankful , viceroy , you have not find yourself in my grip . .. you ship be wait . obi - wan be deep in think . 112 int . utapau - tenth level -control center-day the jedi remove he cloak and jump down behind the general . obi - wan : hello , there ! general grievous : General kenobi , you be a bold one . I find you behavior bewilder . .. surely you realize you be doom , ( to droid ) kill he ! about a hundre battle droid surround obi - wan , general grievous , and he bodyguard . obi - wan look around , then walk right up to general grievous . they stare at each other for a moment . general grievous : enough of this . the bodyguard raise they power staff to knock obi - wan away , but obi - wan duck as the deadly staff whistle over he head . the jedi 's lightsaber ignites , and obi - wan deftly cut one bodyguard in two . his staff fly into the air and be catch by general grievous . the other three bodyguard attack obi - wan with a intense fury . obi - wan use the Force to release apiece of equipment from the ceiling . it drop on the bodyguard , smash they . obi - wan walk toward grievous , slashing the last bodyguard to piece . battle droid move toward obi - wan . general grievous : back away . I will deal with this jedi slime myself . obi - wan : you move . general grievous : you fool . I have be train in you jedi art by Count dooku himself . attack , kenobi . his arm separate and grab all four lightsaber on he belt . his four arm create a flash display of swordsmanship . obi - wan : you forget I train the jedi that defeat Count dooku ! obi - wan be hard - press to defend himself against the deadly onslaught . they fight across the control room as the battle droid sharpshooter try to pick off the jedi . obi - wan mount a ferocious counterattack and cut off one of grievous 's hand . a loud explosion be hear echoing throughout the sinkhole . general grievous and obi - wan glance to the entrance of the control center and see clone troops in the distance , attack droid in the sinkhole . on the far wall of the sinkhole , clone can be see rappelling onto balcony . obi - wan : I may not defeat you droid , but my troops certainly will . general grievous : Army or not , you must realize you be doom . obi - wan : I do not think so . twenty clone suddenly rappel into the entrance of the control center , ray gun blaze . Chaos . laser bolt fly everywhere as the droid return fire . obi - wan attack general grievous , who defend himself rigorously with one of he bodyguard 's electro-staffs . obi - wan use the Force to hurl general grievous backwards . he fall onto a lower platform and obi - wan jump down after he . 113 int . utapau - tenth level-control center-day more clone rappel into the control center and blast away at the remain droid . the jedi cut down several droid as he race to the entrance of the control center . obi - wan spot general grievous racing toward one of the landing platform in the midst of the battle . general grievous jump onto a wheel scooter and take off down the wall of the sinkhole . obi - wan whistle for he lizard boga , who run to he . obi - wan jump on . 114 ext . utapau -cliff and landing platform-day the chase begin . obi-wan drop he lightsaber while riding boga . 115 ext . coruscant -senate office build -sunset the sun be set as the light come on in the massive Senate Office Building . the sky be red . 116 int . coruscant-chancellor's office -sunset palpatine listen to a delegation from the Senate , which include padme and five other Senators : nee alavar , fang zar , maledee , sweitt concorkill , and mon calamari . anakin stand to one side of palpatine . palpatine : I understand you reservation completely , Senator , and I assure you the appointment of governor will in no way compete with the duty of the Senate . padme : May I take it then , that there will be no further amendment to the constitution ? palpatine : I want this terrible conflict to end as much as you do , my Lady , and when it do I guarantee a immediate return to democracy . . . padme : you be pursue a diplomatic solution to the war , then . palpatine : you must trust I to do the right thing , Senator . that be why I be here . fangzar : but surely . . . the chancellor turn on fang zar . palpatine : I have say I will do what be right , that should be enough for you . . . committee . padme : on behalf of the " delegation of two thousand , " I thank you , chancellor . palpatine : I thank you for bring this to my attention , Senator . padme give anakin a frustrated look , then turn and exit with the other five senator . palpatine turn to anakin . palpatine : ( continue ) they sincerity be to be admire , although I sense there be more to they request than they be tell we . anakin : what do you mean ? palpatine : they be not to be trust . anakin : surely Senator amidala can be trust . . . palpatine : this be unstable time for the Republic , anakin . some see instability as a opportunity . Senator amidala be hide something . I can see it in she eye . anakin : I be sure you be mistaken . palpatine : I be surprised you jedi insight be not more sensitive to such thing . anakin : I simply do not sense betrayal in Senator amidala . palpatine study anakin carefully and give he a skeptical look . palpatine : yes , you do , but you do not seem to want to admit it . there be much conflict in you , anakin . 117 int . coruscant - jedi war room -early evening KI - adi -mundi , anakin , yoda , mace , clone commander cody , and aayla secura talk via hologram . clone commander cody : master windu , may I interrupt ? General kenobi have make contact with General grievous , and we have begin we attack . mace windu : thank you , Commander . anakin , deliver this report to the chancellor . his reaction will give we a clue to he intention . anakin : yes , master . anakin leave the room . commander cody 's hologram disappear . mace windu : I sense a plot to destroy the jedi . the dark side of the Force surround the chancellor . KI - adi - mundi : if he do not give up he emergency power after the destruction of grievous , then he should be remove from office . mace windu : that could be a dangerous move ... the jedi Council would have to take control of the Senate in order to secure a peaceful transition . . . KI - adi -mundi : . . . and replace the Congress with Senators who be not fill with greed and corruption . yoda : to a dark place this line of think will carry we . hnmmmm . . . . great care we must take . 118 int . coruscant-chancellor's office -early evening anakin bring news to palpatine . anakin : chancellor , we have just receive a report from master kenobi . he have engage General grievous . palpatine : we can only hope that master kenobi be up to the challenge . anakin : I should be there with he . palpatine : it be upsetting to I to see that the Council do not seem to fully appreciate you talent . do not you wonder why they will not make you a jedi master ? anakin : I wish I know . more and more I get the feel that I be be exclude from the Council . I know there be thing about the Force that they be not tell I . palpatine : they do not trust you , anakin . they see you future . they know you power will be too strong to control . anakin , you must break through the fog of lie the jedi have create around you . let I help you to know the subtlety of the Force . they walk into the hallway . anakin : how do you know the way of the Force ? palpatine : my mentor teach I everything about the Force . . . even the nature of the dark side . they stop . anakin : you know the dark side ?!? palpatine : anakin , if one be to understand the great mystery , one must study all its aspect , not just the dogmatic , narrow view of the jedi . if you wish to become a complete and wise leader , you must embrace a larger view of the Force . be careful of the jedi , anakin . ( pause ) they fear you . in time they will destroy you . let I train you . anakin : I will not be a pawn in you political game . the jedi be my family . palpatine : only through I can you achieve a power great than any jedi . learn to know the dark side of the Force , anakin , and you will be able to save you wife from certain death . anakin : what do you say ? palpatine : use my knowledge , I beg you . . . anakin : you be a sith Lord ! anakin ignites he lightsaber . palpatine : I know what have be troubling you . . . listen to I . do not continue to be a pawn of the jedi Council ! ever since I have know you , you have be search for a life great than that of a ordinary jedi . . . a life of significance , of conscience . anakin : you be wrong ! palpatine : be you go to kill I ? anakin : I would certainly like to . palpatine : I know you would . I can feel you anger . it give you focus , make you stronger . anakin raise he lightsaber to palpatine 's throat . there be a tense moment , then anakin relax , and then turn off he lightsaber . anakin : I be go to turn you over to the jedi Council . palpatine : of course you should . but you be not sure of they intention , be you ? what if I be right and they be plotting to take over the Republic ? anakin : I will quickly discover the truth of all this . palpatine : you have great wisdom , anakin . know the power of the dark side . the power to save padme . anakin stare at he for a moment . palpatine turn and move to he office . palpatine : ( continue ) I be not go anywhere . you have time to decide my fate . perhaps you will reconsider and help I rule the galaxy for the good of all . . . palpatine sit behind he desk . 119 ext . utapau -cliff and landing platform-day obi - wan give the lizard a swift kick with the heel of he boot , and they take off down the vertical side of the sheer cliff . as general grievous reach the landing platform where he shuttle be wait . obi - wan drop onto the top of the starship with he lizard . general grievous spin he scooter around and take off up the vertical cliff face with obi - wan and he lizard in hot pursuit . the sinkhole be engulf in a great battle between clone and droid . the people of utapau . cower in whatever shelter they can find . 120 ext . utapau -main CITY plaza -day a large group of utapauan troops on lizard attack the droid army . obi - wan and general grievous race through the city at breakneck speed . pass through battle zone , narrowly escape explosion , laser bolt , and troops from both side . general grievous lay the scooter down as he go around sharp turn . obi-wan 's lizard breathes hard as she try to keep up . they destroy droid , equipment , and clone troops as the jedi and the general cut a swath of destruction through the city . 121 ext . utapau -windmills-day general grievous work he way out onto the rim of the sinkhole , pass some wind blade . the evil droid General release the brake on the lethal blade , and they begin to spin , cut off obi-wan 's access to the General . obi-wan 's lizard pull up short in front of the blade . general grievous laugh and talk into a comlink . general grievous : prepare to move out of orbit . I will be up in a few moment . obi - wan size up the situation , look for a way to get to general grievous . the general accelerate off the edge , activate he claw , drop , and cling to another nearby grouping of windmills . obi-wan 's lizard attempt to jump to follow and barely make it , almost fall into the precipice below . 122 int . utapau -city tunnel system-day general grievous roar through the stone block tunnel system , riding up on the curve wall as he go around corner or pass oncoming traffic . obi - wan race after the droid , he lizard move onto the ceiling as they pass traffic . obi - wan catch up with general grievous , and they charge through the tunnel , side by side . obi - wan grab the droid 's electronic staff . 123 ext . utapau - secret landing platform-day extend from the wall of a small sinkhole be a secret landing platform with a small federation fighter sit in the middle of it . obi - wan and general grievous race out of the tunnel system and onto the landing platform . obi - wan yank on the staff , then jump off he lizard onto the General 's scooter , knock both warrior to the ground . general grievous pull out a laser pistol and fire at obi - wan . the jedi reach out he hand , grab the General 's electro-staff and spin the staff , block the laser bolt . obi - wan charge general grievous , swinging the staff and hit the droid in the stomach , knock the gun away . general grievous be hit by the staff , and the Force bend he forearm . he pull obi - wan close to he , and they engage in a furious fight . the electro-staff be knock away . the two engage in hand - to-hand combat . obi - wan struggle to avoid the deadly blow of the brutal , unstoppable droid . general grievous 's stomachplate be loose . obi - wan grab it and rip it off , revealing the alien life form 's gut encase in a bag in the droid 's chest . general grievous grab obi - wan , hoist he over he head , and toss he across the platform . obi - wan dangle off the edge of the platform . he clutches the rim , try to hold on . the droid then grab the staff and charge obi - wan . at the last second , obi - wan reach out he hand and use the Force to retrieve the droid 's laser pistol . the jedi fire several blast in the stomach area of the alien droid , and he explode from the inside out . the smolder droid fall to the ground . obi - wan have kill general grievous . he pull himself up onto the platform and walk by the destroy carcass . obi - wan : so uncivilize . . . obi - wan brushes himself off . he throw the pistol onto the platform , pick up the electro-staff , and jump on boga . the trusty beast rear up and take off into the tunnel system . 124 int . jedi gunship - landing platform-early evening mace and the jedi ( agen kolar , kit fisto , and saesee tiin ) be prepare to board a jedi gunship to the chancellor 's office . anakin enter the hangar . anakin : master windu , I must talk to you . mace windu : what be it , skywalker ? we be in a hurry . we have just receive word that obi-wan have destroy General grievous . we be on we way to make sure the chancellor return emergency power back to the Senate . anakin : he will not give up he power . I have just learn a terrible truth . I think chancellor palpatine be a sith Lord . mace windu : a sith Lord ? anakin : yes . the one we have be look for . mace windu : how do you know this ? anakin : he know the way of the Force . he have be train to use the dark side . mace windu : be you sure ? anakin : absolutely . mace windu : then we worst fear have be realize . we must move quickly if the jedi order be to survive . anakin : master , the chancellor be very powerful . you will need my help if you be go to arrest he . mace windu : for you own good , stay out of this affair . I sense a great deal of confusion in you , young skywalker . there be much fear that cloud you judgment . anakin : I must go , master . mace windu : no . if what you tell I be true , you will have gain my trust , but for now remain here . anakin : yes , master . mace windu : wait for we in the Council chamber until we return . anakin : yes , master . anakin watch as the jedi leave in they ship . 125 int . coruscant -jedi council / padme's apartment-early evening ( intercut ) padme be alone in she apartment , think of anakin . anakin sit alone in the jedi Council chamber think of padme . palpatine : ( v.o. ) you do know , do not you , if the jedi destroy I , any chance of save she will be lose . padme : I truly , deeply love you . before I die . I want you to know . c-3 po : my Lady , be you . . . . be you all right ? anakin : I can not do this ... I can not let she die . anakin rush out of the Council chamber and to he speeder . the hangar door open and he lift off . 126 ext . coruscant -senate office build - landing platform - early evening the sky be still blue as a jedi gunship land on the Senate Office Building landing platform . four jedi exit the shuttle and enter the Senate Office Building . mace windu , agen kolar , kit fisto , and saesee tiin , like gunfighter out of the Old West , walk through the massive hallway , four across . 127 int . coruscant -lobby to chancellor's office -early evening the four jedi enter the lobby , raise they arm , and send the chancellor 's aide , dar wac , fly against the wall , along with two republic guard . they storm into the chancellor 's office . 128 int . coruscant-chancellor 's office -early evening mace arrive with three jedi to arrest palpatine . palpatine : master windu . I take it General grievous have be destroy then . I must say , you be here sooner than expect . mace windu : in the name of the galactic Senate of the Republic , you be under arrest , chancellor . mace windu and the other jedi ignite they lightsaber . palpatine : be you threaten I , master jedi ? mace : the Senate will decide you fate . palpatine : ( burst of anger ) I be the Senate ! mace : not yet ! palpatine stand , a laser sword appear out of he cloak sleeve , and he spin toward the jedi . palpatine : it 's treason , then . a close shot of palpatine as the fight begin . Close shot of three jedi get cut down by palpatine . palpatine and mace continue to fight . jedi master mace windu and the sith Lord fight they way down the hallway and into the main office area . palpatine be able to use the Force to slam mace against the wall , but he recover before the chancellor can cut he down . anakin land he speeder , jump out , and run down a long corridor toward the chancellor 's office . in the heat of battle , mace cut the window behind the chancellor 's desk , and it crash away . mace be force out onto the ledge , which be twenty storey up . they fight over the precipice . anakin arrive to see palpatine and mace fight . they stop as mace force palpatine to drop he sword . palpatine and mace start yell at each other . mace windu : you be under arrest , my Lord . palpatine : anakin ! I tell you it would come to this . I be right . the jedi be take over . mace windu : you old fool . the oppression of the sith will never return . you plot to regain control of the Republic be over . . . you have lose . . . palpatine : no ! no ! you will die ! palpatine raise he hand , and lightning bolt shoot out . they be block by mace 's lightsaber . palpatine be push back against the window sill . palpatine : he be a traitor , anakin . mace windu : he 's the traitor . stop he ! palpatine : come to you sense , boy . the jedi be in revolt . they will betray you , just as they betrayed I . mace windu : aarrrrggghhbhh . . . palpatine : you be not one of they , anakin . do not let he kill I . mace windu : aarrrrggghhbhh . . . palpatine : I be you pathway to power . I have the power to save the one you love . ' you must choose . you must stop he . mace windu : do not listen to he , anakin . palpatine : help I ! do not let he kill I . I can not hold on any longer . ahhhbhbhh . . . abhbhhhbh . . . ahhhhhhh . . . mace push palpatine out to the edge of the ledge . as the jedi move closer , the bolt from palpatine 's hand begin to arch back on he . the chancellor 's face begin to twist and distort . his eye become yellow as he struggle to intensify he power . palpatine : I can not ... I give up . help I . I be weak ... I be too weak . do not kill I . I give up . I be die . I can not hold on any longer . mace windu : you sith disease . I be go to end this once and for all . anakin : you can not kill he , master . he must stand trial . mace windu : he have too much control of the Senate and the court . he be too dangerous to be keep alive . palpatine : I be too weak . do not kill I . please . anakin : it be not the jedi way ... mace raise he sword to kill the chancellor . anakin : ( continue ) he must live . . . palpatine : please do not , please do not . . . anakin : I need he ... . palpatine : please do not . . . anakin : no !!! just as mace be about to slash palpatine , anakin step in and cut off the jedi 's hand hold the lightsaber . as mace stare at anakin in shock , palpatine spring to life . the full force of palpatine 's powerful bolt blast mace . he attempt to deflect they with he one good hand , but the force be too great . as blue ray engulf he body , he be flung out the window and fall twenty storey to he death . no more scream . no more moan . palpatine lower he arm . palpatine : power ! unlimite power ! his face have change into a horrible mask of evil . anakin look on in horror . palpatine cackle . anakin : what have I do ? anakin sit . palpatine : you be fulfil you destin , anakin . become my apprentice . learn to use the dark side of the Force . anakin : I will do whatever you ask . palpatine : good . anakin : just help I save padme 's life . I can not live without she . I will not let she die . I want the power to stop death . palpatine : to cheat death be a power only one have achieve , but if we work together , I know we can discover the secret . anakin kneel before palpatine . anakin : I pledge myself to you teaching . to the way of the sith . palpatine : good. good . the Force be strong with you . a powerful sith you will become . henceforth , you shall be know as darth . . . vader . anakin : thank you . my master . palpatine : rise , darth vader . palpatine move over to he desk . 129 ext . kashyyyk -meeting hall -day yoda wince , close he eye , and hold he head . he feel a disturbance in the Force . 130 int . coruscant-chancellor's office -evening palpatine be put on he dark cloak : he be now fully darth sidious . palpatine : because the Council do not trust you , my young apprentice , I believe you be the only jedi with no knowledge of this plot . when the jedi learn what have transpire here , they will kill we , along with all the Senators . anakin : I agree . the jedi 's next move will be against the Senate . palpatine : every single jedi , include you friend obi-wan kenobi , be now a enemy of the Republic . you understand that , do not you ? anakin : I understand , master . palpatine : we must move quickly . the jedi be relentless ; if they be not all destroy , it will be civil war without end . first , I want you to go to the jedi Temple . we will catch they off balance . do what must be do , Lord vader . do not hesitate . show no mercy . only then will you be strong enough with the dark side to save padme . anakin : what about the other jedi spread across the galaxy ? palpatine : they betrayal will be deal with . after you have kill all the jedi in the Temple , go to the mustafar system . wipe out viceroy gunray and the other separatist leader . once more , the sith will rule the galaxy , and we shall have peace . 131 int . coruscant -jedi temple entry-night anakin go to the jedi Temple with a battalion of clone trooper . 132 ext . utapau - tenth level -landixg platform-day the battle between the clone and the droid rage throughout the sinkhole . obi - wan ride up to clone commander cody . obi - wan : Commander , contact you troops . tell they to move to the higher level . clone commander cody : very good , sir . clone commander cody start to move away , then remember something and return to obi - wan . clone commander cody : ( continue ) oh , by the way , I think you will be need this . he hand obi - wan he lightsaber , and the lizard rear up . obi - wan : thank you , cody , ( smile ) now let 's get a move on . we have get a battle to win here . clone commander cody : yes , sir ! obi - wan and the lizard ride off down the wall of the giant sinkhole . the battle rage throughout the city . clone commander cody ( 2224 , ) take out he comlink and listen to the hologram of darth sidious as , far below , obi - wan can be see battle droid on a landing platform . darth sidious : Commander cody , the time have come . execute order sixty - six . clone commander cody : it will be do , my Lord . the hologram disappear , and clone commander cody gesture to a nearby clone trooper . clone commander cody : blast he ! the battle rage all around obi - wan . droid and clone be everywhere . obi - wan be riding on a lizard , cut down droid as he race across the battlefield . suddenly a volley of laser blast from behind he knock he and he lizard off the wall of the sinkhole . he look around just in time to see he clone troops be fire on he . obi - wan fall hundred of foot to the bottom of the water - fill sinkhole . 133 ext . mygeeto-dawn the sky slowly awaken on the crystal world of mygeeto . a battle rage . clone troops battle the droid army across a long bridge . KI - adi - mundi use he light saber to deflect enemy fire . clone commander bacara ( 1138 ) exit a gunship near the entrance to the city . he rally he troops to attack the city , then get a message on he comlink . he stop and move to one side as a hologram of darth sidious appear on the comlink in the palm of he hand . he move further into the shadow . darth sidious : Commander 1138 ... clone commander bacara : yes , sir . darth sidious : the time have come . execute order sixty - six . clone commander bacara : it will be do , my Lord . darth sidious fade , and the clone commander snap the comlink close and look to the main plaza of the city , where KI - adi - mundi be lead the charge . the clone stop . KI - adi -mundi turn around and be blast by clone fire . he 's kill before he can defend himself . 134 ext . felucia -forest-day a column of clone walker march across the forest floor . the strange call of the alien forest creature of felucia suddenly stop . the jedi aayla secura and she clone troops brace for a ambush . aayla : steady . . . . steady ... they all look around for sign of the enemy . clone commander bly move up behind the jedi . aayla : ( continue ) bly , do you think they be droid ? bly : no. bly blast aayla in the back . the other clone fire on she as she hit the ground . another jedi , barriss offee , be cut down a patrol of droid when a clone walking tank and seven clone troopers round a corner and blast the jedi away . 135 ext . kashyyyk -meeting hall -day yoda drop he gimer stick , clutches he chest , and rest against a wall . 136 ext . kashyyyk - edge of viliage -day the battle appear to be over . wookiee stack destroy droid while clone assess the damage to they equipment . a jedi , luminara unduli , talk with EIGHT clone officer stand in a circle around she . suddenly they reveal they hide pistol and blast she before she can react . the jedi quinlan vos be riding on top of a clone turbo tank . the main cannon of a second tank slowly swing to point right at he and a couple of clone . the cannon fire , and quinlan vos and the clone disappear in a huge explosion . 137 int . cato neimoidia - cockpit clone fighter -day the clone pilot watch a hologram of darth sidious . darth sidious : execute order sixty -six . clone pilot : it will be do , my Lord . 138 int . cato neimoidia - jedi starfighter-day plo koon head he ship toward a battle on a landing platform . plo koon : there they be . land on the nearest platform . 139 ext . cato xeimoidia - jedi starfighter-day the four clone pilot with plo koon drop back and blast he out of the sky . 140 ext . saleucami -forest Three speeder bike race through the forest . a jedi , stass allie be in the lead . the two clone follow she drop back and blast she , cause she to crash in a huge explosion . 141 int . coruscant-chancellor's office - night darth sidious stand alone in he private office , illuminate only from a hologram projector beam from above . a small hologram of commander gree stand in front of he . clone commander gree : yes , my Lord . dabth sidious : the time have come . execute order sixty - six . 142 ext . kashyyyk -meeting hall balcony -day a vista of waterway , high green mesa , and giant tree city serve as a backdrop for the fierce battle , clone and wookiee against trade federation droid armie , with tread tank - like vehicle . clone commander gree hold he comlink . clone commander gree : it will be do , my Lord . clone commander gree snap he comlink shut . yoda watch from the balcony . the battle rage as clone and wookiee attack droid come across the water on corporate alliance tank droid . chewbacca and tarfful stand on either side of the jedi master as he watch the battle below . clone commander gree and one officer walk onto the balcony toward yoda . yoda stand look over the battlefield below . when they be close enough , the clone reveal they weapon and fire . but faster than the clone can reveal they weapon , yoda ignites he lightsaber , leap in the air , and behead both clone . chewbacca and tarfful fire they weapon as more clone enter the hall . the wookiee call out to yoda to follow they . chewbacca pick yoda up and carry he away . 143 ext . coruscant -jedi temple -night a jedi be surround and gun down by clone troopers . 144 int . coruscant -jedi temple -night anakin walk through the jedi Temple , where he find and kill shaak TI . he exit shaak ti 's room and enter a hallway , where the battle be take place . 145 int . coruscant -jedi temple -battle -night anakin enter a room full of younglings huddle in a corner . younglings : master skywalker , there be too many of they . what be we go to do ? anakin look back at they with a stern expression on he face and ignites he lightsaber . 146 int . coruscant - padme's apartment-pre-dawn c-3 po and padme look out the apartment window . c-3po : the chancellor 's office indicate master anakin return to the jedi Temple . do not worry , my Lady . I be sure he will be all right . padme burst into tear . 147 ext . coruscant-cityscape-pre-dawn the city planet be cover in a hazy glow . a column of black smoke can be see rise in the distance . bail organa 's speeder fly overhead , straight toward the smoke . 148 ext . coruscant -jedi temple -landing platform-pre -dawn the jedi Temple be on fire . large plume of smoke billow toward the sky as bail organa land he speeder on a jedi Temple platform . four clone troopers stand guard at the entrance to the Temple . they lower they gun as bail get out of he speeder and walk toward they . bail organa : what 's go on here ?!? clone sergeant : there 's be a rebellion . do not worry , sir , the situation be under control . the clone bar the Senator from enter the Temple . clone sergeant : ( continue ) I be sorry , sir . no one be allow entry . the clone point they gun at bail and cock they . clone sergeant : ( continue ) it 's time for you to leave , sir . bail organa : and so it be . bail reluctantly head hack toward he speeder . suddenly , several shot ring out . bail turn and see a ten -year - old jedi , zett jukassa , fight the clone . several more clone join in the fight , follow by clone commander appo ( 1119 ) , who point at bail . clone commander appo : get he ! shoot he ! several clone start fire at bail . the Senator jump for cover behind he speeder , start the engine and pull out he laser pistol . the young jedi cut down several clone , include appo , before he be overrun and shot . the speeder take off with bail cling to the side . the clone fire at it as it disappear into the cityscape . 149 ext . coruscant-cityscape -pre -dawn bail organa struggle to pull himself into the speeder as it race along through the cityscape . finally , he climb in , just as the speeder be about to hit a building . bail steer clear of the building and race away . 150 ext . utapau -underwater sinkhole -day the jedi dive below the surface amid a barrage of laser fire . he dive deeper under the water , fumble in he utility belt for a breathe device . he find it and put it in he mouth . he swim underwater until the clone troops give up and stop filing . 151 ext . utapau -underwater caves-day obi - wan remove the breathe apparatus after come up from underwater . he start to climb the rock wall . obi - wan climb the wall to the second cave just as two little seeker drone pop out of the water with they searchlight glow . obi - wan press himself against the wall of the smaller cave as the two seeker drone search the grotto . one of the seeker begin to enter the cave in which obi - wan be hide . obi - wan press further into the wall . the light shine on the opposite wall and move to the back of the cave , illuminate a huge nos monster . obi - wan hold he breath . the seeker be confuse for a moment , then the nos monster lunge at the SMALL droid and consume it in one bite . the nos monster be lunge take he past obi - wan , out of the cave , and into the water . the second seeker shine its light on the nos monster as the evil creature try to grab the little drone . obi - wan slink off toward the back of the cave . he come upon a nest of baby nos monster . they screech and make horrible sound . obi - wan jump over they and continue on he way through the tunnel system . 152 ext . kashyyyk - lake on village edge-dusk clone in modify one - man at - ST 's and swamp speeder flash they searchlight across the gloomy lake . the light of one of the at - ST 's spot something float in the water . it be what 's leave of a wookiee catamaran . the body of a dead wookiee ( tarfful ) be lie across the stern of the wreckage of the fly boat . there be some movement on the boat . the clone sergeant on the at - ST fire a warning shot past the boat . at-st clone sergeant : everyone out of there ! a crazy little creature about two foot high pop its head over the rail . the creature be cover with mud . his long hair be frizze out in all direction . creature : wookiee good . . . eat wookiee . ( crazy little laugh ) clone sergeant : do you find something ? creature : it 's nothing , nothing . ( laugh ) clone sergeant : it 's nothing , nothing . all this wookiee be dead . move to the east . clone trooper : yes , sir . suddenly , chewbacca climb up behind the at-st clone , drip wet , and throw the clone sergeant into the water . chewie bark . creature : right you be , chewbacca . faster that will be . tarfful jump up in the boat , and the creature take off he hair . it be yoda . yoda : stink , this mud do . a moment to bathe , give I . yoda , cover with mud , jump into the water . tarfful climb onto the at - ST with chewbacca . yoda be out of the water and put he robe back on . yoda : ( continue ) not far , be we , from the emergency ship . quickly .. . yoda whistle and a large alien flying insect call can - cell appear . yoda jump on the insect 's back and they take off . the wookiee follow on the at - ST . the clone continue to search the swamp . 153 ext . kashyyyk -hill overlooking lake-dusk the at - ST march up the hill and stop . the wookiee jump down . yoda land on can - cell nearby . chewbacca go to a tree and pull down one of its branch . the ground open up , and a small wookiee escape pod rise into the field . yoda open the door of the pod . yoda : good-bye . chewbacca and tarfful , miss you I will . good friend you be . for you help , much gratitude and respect , I have . the wookiee bark as the jedi climb into the wookiee pod and take off into the dusk sky . 154 ext . coruscant -senate office build -underground starship landing platform-day bail organa walk out of a tunnel onto a huge underground platform with two of he aide . he be stop by two royal guard . royal guard : identification . . . bail organa : Senator bail organa of alderaan . bail and he aide hand they they id card . the royal guard check they over and give they back , then bail and he crew walk on board he starship . 155 ext . coruscant -senate office build -underground landing platform-day the platform rise to the surface of the Office Building . the alderaan starcruiser take off and disappear into the crisp morning sky . 156 int alderaan-starcruiser-hallway-day bail organa be greet by captain antilles and two alderaan troopers . bail organa : be you able to get hold of a jedi home beacon ? captain antilles : yes , sir . we have encounter no opposition . the clone be still a bit confuse . it appear no one be in command . bail organa : that will change soon . hopefully we will be able to intercept a few jedi before they walk into this catastrophe . 157 ext . utapau -sinkhole wall -late day obi - wan hide from a group of clone troopers . clone captain : do you find kenobi ? clone trooper : no one could have survive that fall . he watch they pass . clone captain : start load you man on the ship . clone trooper : yes , sir . obi - wan try to sneak back to the secret platform , down a flight of stair . 158 ext . utapau - secret landing platform -late day obi - wan make he way out of the cave and onto General grievous 's secret landing platform . he run to the starfighter and climb into the one - man ship . the starfighter take off and disappear into the sky . 159 ext . utapau -space obi - wan fly away from the planet utapau in General grievous 's tiny starfighter . 160 int . general grievous' starfighter-space obi - wan activate the control on the starfighter . he punch in several coordinate and code . a beeping SOUND be hear . it quickly speed up until it be a steady tone . obi - wan speak into he comlink . obi - wan : emergency code nine thirteen ... I have no contact on any frequency . be there any jedi out there ? . .. anywhere . . . a burst of static be hear - and a fuzzy hologram image appear . bail : ( hologram ) ... kenobi ... obi - wan : ( continue ) I have lock on . repeat . the fuzzy hologram image come into focus , and it be bail organa . bail organa : master kenobi ?? obi - wan : Senator organa ! my clone troops turn on I ... I need help . bail organa : we have just rescue master yoda . it appear this ambush have happen everywhere . we be send you we coordinate . 161 int . coruscant -padme ’sapartment-pre-dawn padme stand before the window of she live room , watch the plume of smoke from the jedi Temple . c-3 po enter from the bedroom . c-3po : my Lady , there 's a jedi fighter docking on the veranda . padme turn and rush to the bedroom . 162 ext . coruscant -padme's apartment-veranda-pre -dawn threepio walk out to anakin 's ship and talk with artoo . artoo beep . threepio : hush ! not so loud ! padme tushes onto the veranda as anakin exit he GREEN jedi fighter . they embrace . padme : be you all right ? I hear there be a attack on the jedi Temple . . . you can see the smoke from here . anakin : I be fine . I be fine . I come to see if you and the baby be safe . padme : Captain typho 's here , we be safe . what 's happen ? c-3 po continue to talk to r2 - D2 on the GREEN fighter . c-3po : what be go on ? artoo squeak and beeps . c-3po : ( continue ) you can not be anymore confuse than I be . anakin : the situation be not good . the jedi have try to overthrow the Republic . . . padme : I can not believe that ! anakin : I could not either at first , but it 's true . I see master windu attempt to assassinate the chancellor myself . c-3 po lean over and whisper to artoo . c-3po : something important be go on ! I hear a rumor they be go to banish all droid . artoo beeps rather loudly . c-3 po put he finger to he lip . c-3po : ( continue ) shhhhhh . . . not so loud . artoo beeps quietly . c-3po : ( continue ) whatever it be , we will be the last to know . padme : anakin , what be you go to do ? anakin look down for a moment and then walk away from padme . anakin : I will not betray the Republic . . . my loyalty lie with the chancellor and with the Senate . . . and with you . anakin turn and walk back to padme . padme : what about obi-wan ? anakin : I do not know . . . many jedi have be kill . we can only hope that he 's remain loyal to the chancellor . padme : how could this have happen ? anakin : the Republic be unstable , padme . the jedi be not the only one try to take advantage of the situation . there be also traitor in the Senate . padme stand and react ever so slightly . padme : what be you say ? anakin : you need to distance yourself from you friend in the Senate . the chancellor say they will be deal with when this conflict be over . padme : what if they start a inquisition ? I have oppose this war . what will you do if I become a suspect ? anakin : that will not happen . I will not let it . padme : oh , anakin , I be afraid . anakin take padme in he arm . anakin : have faith , my love . everything will soon be set right . the chancellor have give I a very important mission . the separatist have gather in the mustafar system . I be go there to end this war . wait for I until I return . . . thing will be different , I promise . they kiss . anakin : ( continue ) please , wait for I . padme : I will . anakin get into he fighter as threepio back away . c-3po : ( to artoo ) well , he be under a lot of stress , artoo . artoo beep . c-3po : ( continue ) take care , my little friend . artoo beeps a good - bye , and the fighter take off . padme be leave alone on the veranda . she start to cry . threepio come up to she . c-3po : ( continue ) my Lady , be there anything I might do ? padme : no thank you , threepio . g-3po : a snack , perhaps ? padme : no . threepio start to move off . c-3po : I feel so helpless . 163 ext . alderaan-starcruiser-space obi - wan 's ship dock with bail organa 's starcruiser . 164 int . alderaan-starcruiser-hallway-day the door to the main hallway slide open . obi - wan enter and be greet by yoda and bail organa . the three walk down the hallway . bail organa : you make it . yoda : master kenobi , dark time be this . good to see you . it be . obi - wan : you be attack by you clone , also ? yoda : with the help of the wookiee , barely escape , I do . obi - wan : how many other jedi manage to survive ? yoda : Heard from no one , have we . bail organa : I see thousand of troops attack the jedi Temple . that 's why I go look for yoda . obi - wan : have we have any contact from the Temple ? yoda : received a code retreat message , we have . bail organa : it request all jedi to return to the Temple . it say that the war be over . obi - wan : well , then we must go back ! if there be other straggler , they will fall into the trap and be kill . bail organa : it 's too dangerous to return . yoda : suggest dismantle the code signal , do you ? obi - wan : yes , master . there be too much at stake here , and we need a clearer picture of what have happen . yoda : J agree . in a dark place we find ourselves ... a little more knowledge might light we way . 165 ext . mustafar -lava field -day worker move across the lava bed , gather the magma . a column of alien riding giant mustafar fleas march forward . 166 int . mustafar -main control center-day a hologram of darth sidious be in the center of the room . nute gunray and the rest of the separatist COALITION watch sidious . nute gunray : the plan have go as you have promise , my Lord . darth sidious : you have do well , viceroy . when my new apprentice , darth vader , arrive , he will take care of you . the hologram disappear . 167 int . cruiser-cockpit the Republic cruiser head toward coruscant . obi - wan , bail , yoda , and two pilot sit in the cockpit . pilot : we be receive a message from the chancellor 's office , sir . bail organa : send it through . pilot : yes , sir . the pilot push some button . mas amedda appear on screen . mas amedda : Senator organa . . . the Supreme chancellor of the Republic request you presence at a special session of Congress . bail organa : tell the chancellor I will be there . mas amedda : very well . he will be expect you . mas amedda 's image disappear from the screen . bail organa : it could be a trap . obi - wan : no , I do not think so . the chancellor will not be able to control the thousand of star system without keep the Senate intact . yoda : if a special session of Congress there be , easier for we to enter the jedi Temple it will be . 168 ext . coruscant -senate landing platform-late day obi - wan , bail , and yoda land on coruscant . the elevator door open , and they step out . guard : welcome back , Senator . May I see you clearance ? bail organa : certainly . guard : thank you , you may proceed . we will take custody of the jedi . obi - wan : it would be better if we stay with the Senator . guard : it would be better if they stay with you . bail and he aide go into the Senate . yoda and obi - wan head for the jedi Temple . 169 ext . mustafar -jedi starfighter-space anakin 's jedi starfighter head for the hazy blood -re planet of mustafar . 170 ext . mustafar -landing platform-day anakin fly over the volcanoe of mustafar and land he jedi starfighter on a complex of landing platform . his cockpit open as r2 - D2 pop from the ship with a happy beep . anakin : artoo . . . stay with the ship . artoo let out a sad little beep and move back toward the ship . 171 ext . mustafar -landing platform-day anakin , put on he hood , walk across a walkway upon arrive on mustafar . 172 int . mustafar -main control center-day anakin appear in the doorway of the control center . nute gunray : welcome , Lord vader . we have be expect you . everyone in the room look to he as he raise he hand toward a control panel , and all the exit close . the confuse separatist look around in bewilderment . 173 ext . coruscant -jedi temple -late day smoke from the smolder shell of the jedi Temple fill the air with a brown haze . 174 int . coruscant -jedi temple -main entrance -late day a dozen clone troopers stand guard at the entrance of the jedi Temple . suddenly there be a flash of a lightsaber , a flurry of confusion , and all of the clone trooper be dead on the floor . yoda and obi - wan stand in the middle of the carnage . obi - wan : there be several battalion of clone trooper on every level . many be dress as jedi . yoda : dismantle the code signal quickly . that group back there , soon discover will be . 175 ext . coruscant -senate build -sunset the awesome Senate Building loom over the city . the endless traffic continue to clutter the skyline . 176 int . coruscant -senate chamber-sunset the chancellor be in the podium in the center of the vast arena give a speech . mas amedda stand to the right of sidious . bail organa walk through the hallway of the Main Senate chamber . he enter the Senate pod of naboo and sit next to padme . jar jar , captain typho and two handmaiden be in the pod also . palpatine : . . . and the jedi Rebellion have be foil . bail organa : I be hold up . what 's happen ? padme : the chancellor have be elaborate on a plot by the jedi , to overthrow the Senate . bail organa : that 's not true ! padme : he 's be present evidence all afternoon . bail organa : and the Senate will go along with it , just like they always do . palpatine : the remain jedi will be hunt down and defeat . ( applause ) any collaborator will suffer the same fate . ( applause ) this have be try time , but we have pass the test . 177 int . coruscant -jedi temple-hallway-sunset yoda and obi - wan make they way through the Temple , avoid the hundred of clone troopers . they use the Force to distract the clone when they can . yoda and obi - wan walk through the ruin of the Temple until they come across the body of some student . obi - wan : not even the youngling survive . yoda : kill not by clone , this padawan . by a lightsaber , he be . obi - wan : . .. who ?? who could have do this ? 178 int . mustafar -main control center-day anakin ignites he lightsaber , nute and the other panic . the droid at the control and the guard grab they weapon , but it be too late . they be cut down in a flash . the separatist bang on the door , and nute and rune haako flee under a table . anakin , stone -face , move through the room like the grim reaper . body drop everywhere . scream be cut short as the head of the bank clan die . then poggle the lesser lose he head ; wat tambor , shu mai , and the rest of the separatist run into the conference room . 179 int . coruscant -senate chamber-sunset palpatine : the attempt on my life have leave I scar and deform , but I assure you my resolve have never be stronger . applause . 180 int . mustafar -main control center-day in the hallway , anakin cut down droid and separatist alike . he be unstoppable . anakin turn he head -his eye be yellow . 181 int . coruscant -senate chamber -sunset palpatine continue he speech at the podium . palpatine : the war be over . ( applause ) the separatist have be defeat , ( applause ) and the jedi rebellion have be foil . we stand on the threshold of a new beginning . there be a long period of applause . padme : well , this be the moment we discover if he intend to return the Republic to a democracy . palpatine : in order to ensure we security and continue stability , the Republic will be reorganize into the first galactic Empire , for a safe and secure society which I assure you will last for ten thousand year . there be a loud , sustained cheer from the Senate . bail organa and padme sit , dumbfounded . palpatine : ( continue ) a empire that will continue to be rule by this august body , and a sovereign ruler choose for life . . . the Senate cheer again . bail and padme be devastate . padme begin to cry . palpatine : ( continue ) a empire rule by the majority . .. rule by a new constitution . . . the Senate applaud . padme : so this be how liberty die , with thunderous applause . . . bail organa : we can not let this happen . he start to stand up . padme stop he . padme : not now ! there will be a time . 182 int . mustafar -main control center-conference room-day after everyone in the Main Control room be dead , anakin move to the small conference room where wat tambor . shu mai , and some other separatist be hide . rune haako try to run but be trap by a dead - end as anakin advance . rune haako : stop ! enough , this be not right ! rune be cut down . nute gunray crawl out from under the table and open the Main door , allow destroyer droid to enter . wat tambor be cut down , along with shu mai . destroyer droid appear in the doorway and blast away , cause total destruction . when the fire be over , anakin be go . blown away ? no. anakin drop from the ceiling behind the two droid and cut they to piece before they know what hit they . 183 int . mustafar-main control center-hallway-day nute gunray be the last separatist leader alive . anakin move on to find nute gunray hide in a alcove . nute gunray : the war be over . Lord sidious promise we peace ... we only want . . . nute gunray be cut down in midsentence . 184 int . coruscant -jedi temple -computer room -night obi - wan stand in a large computer area as yoda look on , in the hatchway to the Main Control Center . obi - wan : I have recalibrate the code warning all survive jedi to stay away . yoda : good . . . for the clone to discover the recalibration , a long time it will take . to change it back , longer still . hurry . 185 int . coruscant -jedi temple -control center-night obi - wan enter the Main Control Center with yoda and head for the hologram area . obi - wan : wait , master . there be something I must know . . . yoda : if into the security recording you go , only pain will you find . obi - wan : I must know the truth , master . obi - wan move to a panel and flip some switch . he see a hologram of anakin slaughtering jedi , include the young one . obi - wan and yoda react . obi - wan : ( continue ) it can not be . . . it can not be . . . as anakin survey the carnage , a dark - robed sith lord enter . anakin turn to darth sidious and kneel before he . anakin : the traitor have be take care of , Lord sidious . darth sidious : good . . . good . .. you have do well , my new apprentice . do you feel you power grow ? anakin : yes , my master . darth sidious : now , Lord vader , now go and bring peace to the Empire . obi - wan watch in horror . tear well up in he eye . obi - wan : I can not watch any more . obi - wan switch off the hologram . the two jedi stand in silence for a few moment . yoda : destroy the sith , we must . obi - wan : send I to kill the Emperor . I will not kill anakin . yoda : to fight this Lord sidious , strong enough , you be not . obi - wan : he be like my brother ... I can not do it . yoda : twisted by the dark side , young skywalker have become . the boy you train , go he be . .. consume by darth vader . obi - wan : how could it have come to this ? yoda : to question , no time there be . obi - wan : I do not know where the Emperor have send he . I do not know where to look . yoda : use you feeling , obi-wan , and find he , you will . visit the new Emperor , my task be . May the Force be with you . obi - wan : May the Force be with you , master yoda . 186 int . coruscant -padme's apartment-afternoon a dco0052 intergalactic speeder pull up to the veranda landing of padme 's apartment . 187 ext . coruscant - padme's apartment-veranda-afternoon the cockpit of the sleek yellow galactic speeder open , and a hooded figure emerge and walk onto the veranda . a alarm goe off deep in the apartment . the figure stop before a security curtain that protect the veranda . c-3 po enter the veranda and approach the figure . c-3po : hello , might I help you . . . oh , it 's you , master kenobi . come in , quickly . the security curtain disappear , and the figure lift he hood . it be obi - wan . the alarm stop sounding . obi - wan : have anakin be here . . . ? c-3po : yes. . . right after the attack on the jedi Temple . padme come down the stair in a robe . threepio leave . padme : master kenobi . . . she embrace obi-wan . padme : ( continue ) oh , obi-wan , thank goodness . . . you be alive . obi - wan : the Republic have fall . padme . . . the jedi order be no more . . . padme : I know , it 's hard to believe everything to which we have dedicated we life be go . obi - wan : I believe we have be part of a plot hundred of year in the make . padme : the Senate be still intact , there be some hope . obi - wan : no. padme . .. it 's over . . . the sith now rule the galaxy as they do before the Republic . padme : the sith !?! obi - wan : I be here look for anakin .. . when be the last time you see he ? padme : yesterday . obi - wan : and do you know where he be now ? padme : ( look down ) no. obi - wan : padme , I need you help . he 's in grave danger . padme : from the sith ? obi - wan : from himself .. . padme , anakin have turn to the dark side . padme : you be wrong ! how could you even say that ? obi - wan : I have see a security hologram of he kill youngling . padme : not anakin ! he could not ! obi - wan : he be deceive by a lie . we all be . it appear that the chancellor be behind everything , include the war . palpatine be the sith Lord we have be look for . after the death of Count dooku , anakin become he new apprentice . padme : I do not believe you ... I can not . obi - wan : padme , I must find he . padme : you be go to kill he , be not you ? obi - wan : he have become a very great threat . as padme move to sit down , she reveal she pregnancy . padme : I can not ... obi - wan : anakin be the father , be not he ? padme look away . obi - wan : ( continue ) I be so sorry . obi - wan turn and leave as padme stare transfix , not know what to do . she be worried and torment . obi - wan take off in the speeder . she study the japor snippet that be hang around she neck . 188 int . mustafar -landing platform-day r2 - D2 wait forlornly for he master in front of the jedi starfighter . 189 int . mustafar -main control center-day anakin survey the slaughter with a craze look in he eye . 190 int . mustafar -control center-balcony-day anakin stare out at mustafar , stand on the control room balcony . 191 ext . coruscant -landing platform-sunset a small naboo skiff rest on a landing platform in the vast congestion of coruscant . padme get out of she speeder , follow by captain typho and c-3po . captain typho : my Lady , let I come with you . padme : there be no danger . the fight be over , and . . . this be personal . typho bow . captain typho : as you wish , my Lady . . . but I strongly disagree . padme : I will be all right , Captain . he go to the speeder and get in . padme : ( continue ) this be something I must do myself . besides , threepio will look after I . c-3po : oh , dear . typho take off and padme and threepio board the small naboo skiff . a shadow move out from under the skiff . it be obi - wan . he quickly jump on the retract ramp as the skiff take off . 192 int . naboo skiff threepio chatter away as padme break down in tear , the painful reality sink in . c-3po : Green light . do you know that I think I be beginning to get the hang of this fly business . obi - wan stow away on padme 's ship . the ship lift from the landing platform and head into the traffic lane . 193 int . coruscant -senate arena-chancellor's holding office -sunset a hologram of anakin appear before palpatine in he office at the bottom of the Senate Arena . darth vader : the separatist be take care of , my master . darth sidious : it be finish , then . you have restore peace and justice to the galaxy . you have do well , Lord vader . darth vader : thank you , my master . 194 int . mustafar-coxference room-day a hologram of sidious speak with anakin in the mustafar control room . darth sidious : send a message to the ship of the Trade federation . tell they the separatist leader have be wipe out . grievous and dooku have be destroy . all droid unit must shut down immediately . darth vader : very good , my Lord . anakin see padme 's ship arrive on the screen and go out to meet she . 195 ext . mustafar -landing platform-day the sleek naboo skiff land on the mustafar landing platform near anakin 's GREEN starfighter . anakin run up to the skiff as the ramp lower . padme run to he . anakin : padme , I see you ship ... they embrace . padme : oh , anakin ! anakin : it 's all right , you be safe now . what be you do out here ? padme : I be so worried about you . obi-wan tell I terrible thing . anakin : what thing ? padme : he say you have turn to the dark side . . . that you kill youngling . anakin : obi-wan be try to turn you against I . padme : he care about we . anakin : we ??! padme : he know . . . he want to help you . anakin : be obi-wan go to protect you ? he can not ... he can not help you . he 's not strong enough . padme : anakin , all I want be you love . anakin : Love will not save you , padme . only my new power can do that . padme : at what cost ? you be a good person . do not do this . anakin : I will not lose you the way I lose my mother ! I have become more powerful than any jedi have ever dream of and I have do it for you . to protect you . padme : come away with I . help I raise we child . leave everything else behind while we still can . anakin : do not you see , we do not have to run away anymore . I have bring peace to the Republic . I be more powerful than the chancellor . I can overthrow he , and together you and I can rule the galaxy . make thing the way we want they to be . padme : I do not believe what I be hearing . . . obi-wan be right . you have change . anakin : I do not want to hear any more about obi-wan . the jedi turn against I . do not you turn against I . padme : I do not know you anymore . anakin , you be break my heart . I will never stop loving you , but you be go down a path I can not follow . anakin : because of obi-wan ? padme : because of what you have do . . . what you plan to do . stop , stop now . come back ! I love you . anakin : ( see obi-wan ) liar ! padme turn around and . see obi - wan stand in the doorway of the naboo cruiser . padme : no ! anakin : you be with he . you have betrayed I ! you bring he here to kill I ! padme : no ! anakin . I swear ... I ... anakin reach out , and padme grab she throat as she start to choke . obi - wan : let she go , anakin . anakin : what have you and she be up to ? obi - wan : let she go ! anakin release he grip on the unconscious padme and she crumple to the ground . anakin : you turn she against I . obi - wan : you have do that yourself . anakin : you will not take she from I . anakin throw off he cloak . obi - wan : you anger and you lust for power have already do that . obi - wan fling off he cloak . obi - wan : ( continue ) you have allow this Dark Lord to twist you mind until now . . . until now you have become the very thing you swore to destroy . they circle each other until obi - wan be near padme . he place he hand on she . anakin : do not lecture I , obi-wan . I see through the lie of the jedi . I do not fear the dark side as you do . I have bring peace , justice , freedom , and security to my new Empire . obi - wan : you new Empire ? anakin : do not make I kill you . obi - wan : anakin , my allegiance be to the Republic ... to democracy . anakin : if you be not with I , you be my enemy . obi - wan : only a sith Lord deal in absolute . I will do what I must . ( ignites he lightsaber ) anakin : you will try . anakin ignites he lightsaber . anakin lash out at obi - wan , and they begin a ferocious sword fight . anakin throw container at obi - wan use the Force . they work they way off the landing platform and into the main entry hallway . anakin kick obi - wan , and obi - wan drop to a lower level . artoo beeps he concern and rush to the unconscious padme 's aid . 196 int . corridor -senate arena-chancellor's holding office - night yoda enter , use the Force to throw two red guard against the wall , knock they unconscious . darth sidious turn he chair toward yoda . mas amedda stand behind sidious 's desk . yoda : I hear a new apprentice , you have . Emperor , or should I call you darth sidious . darth sidious : master yoda , you survive . yoda : surprise ? darth sidious : you arrogance blind you , master yoda . now you will experience the full power of the dark side . the Dark Lord raise he arm , and lightning bolt shoot out , surround yoda . yoda be pick up and throw across the room , hit the wall and slide down ina crumpled heap . darth sidious chuckle . 197 int . mustafar - passage to MAIN control center-day anakin and obi - wan move they fight toward the main control center . as the laser sword fly , bit of the hallway be cut up . obi - wan and anakin jump and use every trick in the jedi book . 198 ext . mustafar -landing platform - naboo cruiser -day r2 - D2 , try to drag padme on board the naboo cruiser . c-3 po poke he head out of the ship 's doorway . c-3po : what be you do ? you be go to hurt she . wait !! c-3 po start down the ramp . 199 int . corridor -senate arena-chancellor's holding office - night mas amedda leave the room . palpatine approach a stunne yoda . darth sidious : I have wait a long time for this moment , my little green friend . at last , the jedi be no more . yoda : not if anything I have to say about it , Lord sidious . yoda use the Force to throw darth sidious back , knock he clear over he desk and onto the floor in a heap . yoda : ( continue ) at a end you rule be and not short enough it be , I must say . darth sidious fly through the air , cape flap , head toward the exit . at the last second , yoda fly into the exit and stop the Dark Lord . yoda : ( continue ) if so powerful you be , why leave ?? yoda ignites he lightsaber . darth sidious : you will not stop I . darth vader will become more powerful than either of we . darth sidious ignites he lightsaber . yoda : faith in you new apprentice , misplace may be , as be you faith in the dark side of the Force . they sword clash . the battle be extremely fast and furious . 200 int . mustafar -main control center-day View screen explode around anakin and obi - wan as they work they way into the Control room . the fight be intense . obi - wan be on the defensive as he jump up on the table view screen in the center of the room . anakin : do not make I destroy you , master . you be no match for the dark side . obi - wan : I have hear that before , anakin . . . but I never think I would hear it from you . anakin force obi - wan back into the Conference room where the quarter be much closer . spark fly everywhere . anakin jump onto the conference table . obi - wan slide across the table , knock anakin over . obi - wan grab anakin 's lightsaber as he fall . obi - wan use the Force to summon he drop lightsaber . anakin do the same . 201 int . coruscant -senate chamber-main arena -night palpatine seek refuge in the vast Senate chamber . he get into the chancellor 's podium and it start to rise up into the Arena . yoda make a giant leap into the control pod . the sword fight be intense in the confine space . 202 int . mustafar -main control center-day the battle intensify . obi - wan : ( continue ) the flaw of power be arrogance . obi - wan stand look at he former apprentice for a moment . anakin : you hesitate . . . the flaw of compassion . obi - wan and anakin lock saber . obi - wan put out he hand to use the Force to push anakin away . anakin put out he hand to block obi - wan . both combatant be blast backwards onto the control panel . they regain they foot and the battle continue . anakin kick obi - wan away . they battle around the room , and eventually the door to the exterior be knock open . they continue battle out onto the balcony . 203 int . coruscant -senate chamrer-main arena -night yoda unleash a ferocious assault on palpatine , cause he to almost go over the edge . the Dark Lord drop he lightsaber but recover with a blast of ENERGY from he hand that surround yoda . yoda be deflect the sith Lord 's lightning bolt . the energy bolt begin to arc back on the Emperor . it look as if the Dark Lord be doom . yoda : destroy you I will , just as master kenobi , you apprentice will destroy . yoda jump to a lower Senate pod . palpatine reach out with one hand , and a Senate pod be release from its moor and head toward the podium . palpatine use the Force to hurl pod after pod at yoda , who duck and jump from one fly pod to another . yoda leap away from the pod . he use the Force to hold one pod suspend in the air . the pod spin and yoda throw it back at palpatine , who leap away at the last moment . yoda leap after he , but palpatine quickly turn and aim the full force of he energy bolt at the tiny green jedi , catch he in mid-air and throw he back hard against the podium . the force cause yoda to drop he lightsaber . yoda block the lightning and throw palpatine backwards off the podium . yoda be knock off the podium and fall several hundred foot to the base of the podium . palpatine follow in he pod , search for yoda . 204 ext . mustafar -main control CENTER balcony-day anakin force obi - wan down a narrow balcony outside the Control room . he rip object off the wall and throw they at obi - wan as he push he further and further along the walkway . the balcony end , and obi - wan be trap . he look over the balcony and into a river of lava . anakin cut apiece of the balcony railing off , along with a control panel . alarm SOUND , anda protective ray shield around the superstructure disappear . it tumble into the molten abyss , disappear in a puff of smoke . a small pipe connect the Control Center to the Main Collection Plant . obi - wan have no choice but to tightrope - walk out across the lava river while fight anakin . 205 ext . mustafar -main control CENTER balcony , pipe across lava river , MAIN collection plant-day anakin , follow obi - wan , jump down onto the flex pipe , land , and resume fight . 206 int . mustafar - pipe across lava river -day obi - wan and anakin work they way across the small pipe , fight ferociously as they go . obi - wan slip , throw he lightsaber up in the air , grab on to the pipe , swing around , grab on to a upper pipe , retrieve he lightsaber , and land back on the original pipe . they continue to fight across the pipe until they reach the Main Collection Plant . 207 int . coruscant -senate office build - wiring chute - night yoda squish he way through a mass of wire in a small chute . he talk on he comlink . yoda : hurry . careful timing we will need . bail organa : ( in speeder ) there be not many troops on this side . activate you home beacon when you be ready . 208 int . coruscant -senate chamber-main arena -night a Senate pod with commander thire ( 4477 ) and several other clone troopers climb up to where mas amedda and palpatine be wait . beneath the Main podium , twenty clone troopers search for yoda 's body . clone commander thire : there be no sign of he body , sir . mas amedda : then he be not dead . palpatine : double you search . clone commander thire : yes sir . right away , sir . palpatine : ( to mas amedda ) tell Captain kagi to prepare my shuttle for immediate takeoff . mas amedda : yes , master . palpatine : I sense Lord vader be in danger . palpatine walk into the Arena hallway . commander thire descend down to the floor of the Arena , where a intense search be take place . several curious senator rubberneck in scattered pod . 209 ext . mustafar-collection panels-day obi - wan and anakin battle on the top of the multispire collection panel , jump from one to the other . at the end of the collection cluster , a huge spray of lava cover the attachment that hold up the collector . the frame begin to melt . it 's raining lava . both anakin and obi - wan run for cover under the collection cluster . they continue to fight in the lava rain , darting from cover to attack , then quickly retreate to cover . support for the entire structure begin to fall away , and the collection cluster fall into the Java river . the jedi continue they fight , climb to the high point on the tower as the rest begin to melt away as it ride the swift current down the river . it bend toward the lava as they get out toward the end . the fight get fierce . obi - wan get to the end and be trap . the tower slowly start to sink under the lava . 210 ext . coruscant -senate office build - night bail organa , in he open cockpit speeder , fly along next to the roof eave of the huge Senate Building . he slow and move closer to a long row of recess light . suddenly yoda fall out of one of the light recess and land in the speeder . bail gun it and head away from the Senate Building . 211 int . coruscant - bail organa's speeder-night yoda straighten himself out . yoda : into exile I must go . fail , I have . yoda and bail fly into the traffic of the city . 212 ext . mustafar-collection panels-day obi - wan realize he be get very close to the edge of the lava fall . he grab a rope and leap from the collection arm . anakin follow . anakin and obi - wan continue they sword fight hang from cable as they swing past each other . 213 ext . mustafar -landing platform - naboo skiff -day c-3 po carefully lift padme into he arm . r2 - D2 nervously look on . beeping . c-3po : I be be careful . I have get a good hold on she , but . . . I be worried about my back . I hope it 's able to hold up under this weight . c-3po carry padme into the naboo skiff . 214 ext . mustafar-collection panels-day from they cable , anakin and obi - wan both spot something that cause they to stop fight . the lava river ahead drop off in a tremendous lava fall . snapping and metal groans be hear as the main part of the collector start to break away and move toward the lava fall . obi - wan look around and see a small float platform make its way toward the tower . obi - wan do a double hack - flip and land squarely on the float platform . he immediately lean to one side and move away from the tower . anakin realize he be doom as the entire tower head for the fall . in the distance he see some construction droid . he swing back to the tower , climb up and make a run leap and miraculously land on a worker droid . the droid be confuse and chatter to he co- worker . the giant collector go over the lava flow and disappear in the mist of spark below . obi - wan head for the bank of the lava river , but anakin 's droid be faster . he catch up with he old master . obi - wan and anakin continue the swordfight . they battle away , balance on the tiny platform and puzzle droid . anakin , stand on the droid , approach obi - wan on the work platform . obi - wan : I have fail you , anakin . I be never able to teach you to think . anakin and obi - wan confront each other on the lava river . anakin : I should have know the jedi be plotting to take over . . . obi - wan : from the sith !!! anakin , chancellor palpatine be evil . anakin : from the jedi point of view ! from my point of view , the jedi be evil . obi - wan : well , then you be lose ! anakin : this be the end for you , my master . I wish it be otherwise . anakin jump and flip onto obi - wan 's platform . the fight continue again until obi - wan jump toward the safety of the black sandy edge of the lava river . he yell at anakin . obi - wan : it 's over , anakin . I have the high ground . anakin : you underestimate my power ! obi - wan : do not try it . anakin follow , and obi - wan cut he young apprentice at the knee , then cut off he leave arm in the blink of a eye . anakin tumble down the embankment and roll to a stop near the edge of the lava . anakin struggle to pull himself up the embankment with he mechanical hand . his thin leather glove have be burn off . he keep slide down in the black sand . obi - wan : ( continue ) . . . you be the chosen one ! it be say that you would , destroy the sith , not join they . it be you who would bring balance to the Force , not leave it in darkness . obi - wan pick up anakin 's light saber and begin to walk away . he stop and look back . anakin : I hate you ! obi - wan : you be my brother , anakin . I love you . anakin be clothing blow into the lava river and ignites . suddenly anakin burst into flame and start scream . 215 int . mustafar -volcano edge -day obi - wan look in horror as anakin become engulf in flame . obi - wan can not watch he as he struggle to climb the embankment , cover in flame . he run back to padme 's ship as anakin drop , smolder , near the top of the lava pit . 216 ext . mustafar -landing platform - naboo skiff-day obi - wan make he way to the skiff . he look for padme . threepio stick he head out the door of the skiff . c-3po : master kenobi ! we have miss padme on board . please , please hurry . we should leave this dreadful place . obi - wan run on board the naboo skiff . 217 ext . mustafar -landing platform - naboo skiff -day padme lie on a cot or bed inside the ship . obi - wan walk over and check on she . padme : obi-wan ? be anakin all right ? obi - wan look at she sadly and do not answer . he brushes she hair back . padme drop back into unconsciousness . artoo watch over she . obi - wan ride in the co-pilot 's station . he sit look pensive . threepio drive . 218 ext . mustafar -volcano edge -day anakin crawl up the bank , he body smoking . a shuttle fly overhead and land . 219 ext . mustafar -landing platform-imperial shuttle -day a Imperial shuttle close its wing and settles on the high of the mustafar landing platform . a platoon of clone troopers exit the craft , follow by darth sidious . 220 int . mustafar -volcano pit -day darth sidious walk in front of the clone troopers on he way to get to anakin at the edge of the lava pit . 221 ext . mustafar -volcano pit -day darth sidious discover what remain of anakin and check he out . he turn to the clone . darth sidious : anakin ! anakin ! there he be . he 's still alive . get a medical capsule , immediately . clone captain : yes sir . right away . several of the clone rush off as darth sidious put he hand on anakin 's forehead . 222 int . polis massa -observation dome -night on the isolate asteroid of polis massa , yoda meditate . yoda : fail to stop the sith Lord , I have . still much to learn , there be ... qui - gon : ( v.o. ) patience . you will have time . I do not . when I become one with the Force I make a great discovery . with my training , you will be able to merge with the Force at will . you physical self will fade away , but you will still retain you consciousness . you will become more powerful than any sith . yoda : eternal consciousness . qui - gon : ( v.o. ) the ability to defy oblivion can be achieve , but only for oneself . it be accomplish by a shaman of the whill . it be a state acquire through compassion , not greed . yoda : . . . to become one with the Force , and influence still have . .. a power great than all , it be . qui - gon : ( v.o. ) you will learn to let go of everything . no attachment , no think of self . no physical self . yoda : a great jedi master , you have become , qui-gon jinn . you apprentice I gratefully become . yoda think about this for a minute , then bail organa enter the room and break he meditation . bail organa : Excuse I , master yoda . obi-wan kenobi have make contact . 223 ext . mustafar -landing platform-day the clone have place anakin in a medical capsule . they float the wounded sith Lord into the belly of the imperial cruiser . darth sidious follow the capsule into the ship . the ship take off . 224 ext . polis massa - landing platform-night obi - wan land the naboo cruiser on the landing platform of the isolate post of polis massa . yoda and bail organa , along with a few ground crew , be wait as the ramp lower and obi - wan emerge , carry the unconscious padme in he arm , follow by artoo and threepio . bail organa : we will take she to the medical center , quickly . 225 ext . landing platform-coruscant-imperial rehab CENTER - day the shuttle land . darth sidious and clone troopers leave the shuttle . anakin 's body be carry along in a float medical capsule . 226 int . polis massa -medical center-night polis medic work , on padme in a operate theater . obi - wan and one of the medical droid enter a observation room where bail and yoda be wait . medical droid : medically , she be completely healthy . for reason we can not explain , we be lose she . obi - wan : she 's die ? medical droid : we do not know why . she have lose the will to live . we need to operate quickly if we be to save the baby . bail organa : Babies ??!! medical droid : she 's carry twin . yoda : save they , we must . they be we last hope . the medical droid rush back to the operate room . artoo and threepio watch , greatly puzzle . artoo beeps . c-3po : it 's some kind of reproductive process , I think . 227 int . coruscant-imperial rehab center-day anakin , in the medical capsule , be lift onto a table in the rehab Center . droid go to work on he . anakin have new leg and a new arm . 228 int . polis massa -medical center-night the twins be be deliver as bail organa , yoda , artoo , and threepio watch . obi - wan be in the operate theater with padme . he take she hand . obi - wan : do not give up , padme . padme wince from the pain . the medical droid be hold the baby . medical droid : it 's a boy . padme : luke ... padme can only offer up a faint smile . she struggle to touch the baby on the forehead . medical droid : ... and a girl . padme : .. . leia . r2- D2 , threepio and bail organa watch from a adjoin space . 229 int . coruscant-imperial rehab center-day vader , dress in he black body armor , lie on the table . nose plug be insert and the mask drop from above , sealing tightly . the helmet be fitte and vader begin breathe . 230 int . polis massa -medical CENTER -night obi wan lean over padme and softly speak to she . obi - wan : you have twin , padme they need you . . . hang on . padme : I can not ... padme wince again and take obi - wan 's hand . she be hold anakin 's japor snippet . obi - wan : save you energy . padme : obi-wan ... there . . . be good in he . I know there be ... still . . . a last gasp , and she die . obi-wan study the necklace . 231 int . coruscant-imperial rehab center-day darth sidious hover around the periphery of a group of medical droid who be work on anakin . darth sidious pace in the foreground . a droid approach the Dark Lord . medical droid : my Lord , the construction be finish ... he life . darth sidious : good. good . the droid move back to the table where darth vader lie . the table begin to move upright . darth sidious move in next to darth vader . darth sidious : ( continue ) Lord vader , can you hear I ? darth vader , with he dark mask and helmet , move up into the frame until he be in a closeup . darth vader : yes , my master . darth vader look around the room . darth vader : ( continue ) where be padme ? be she safe , be she all right ? darth sidious move closer to the half droid / half man . darth sidious : I be afraid she die . ... it seem in you anger , you kill she . a low groan emanate from vader 's mask . suddenly everything in the room begin to implode , include some of the droid . darth vader : I could not have ! she be alive ! I feel she ! she be alive ! it 's impossible ! no !!! vader scream , break he bond to the table , and step forward , wave he hand , cause object to fly around the room . sidious deflect the object , but some of the droid be not so lucky . vader' painful scream echo throughout the Center . 232 ext . naboo - alderaan starcruiser bail organa 's starcruiser approach the city of theed . 233 int . alderaan cruiser -conference room bail organa , yoda , and obi - wan sit around a conference table . yoda : pregnant , she must still appear . Hidden , safe , the child must be keep . obi - wan : we must take they somewhere the sith will not sense they presence . yoda : Split up , they should be . bail organa : my wife and I will take the girl . we have always talk of adopt a baby girl . she will be love with we . obi - wan : and what of the boy ? yoda : to tatooine . to he family , send he . obi - wan : I will take the child and watch over he . master yoda , do you think anakin 's twin will be able to defeat darth sidious ? yoda : strong the Force run , in the skywalker line . hope , we can . .. done , it be . until the time be right , disappear we will . bail leave the conference room . yoda stop obi - wan . yoda : ( continue ) master kenobi , wait a moment . in you solitude on tatooine , training I have for you . obi - wan : train ?? yoda : a old friend have learn the path to immortality . obi - wan : who ? yoda : one who have return from the netherworld of the Force to train I . . . you old master , qui-gon jinn . obi - wan : qui-gon ? but , how could he accomplish this ? yoda : the secret of the ancient order of the whill , he study . how to commune with he . I will teach you . obi - wan : I will be able to talk with he ? yoda : how to join the Force , he will train you . you consciousness you will retain , when one with the Force . even you physical self , perhaps . 234 int . alderaan starcruiser-hallway - space bail organa , follow by artoo and threepio , approach captain antilles and two crew member . bail organa : Captain antilles . captain antilles : yes , you highness . bail organa : I be place this droid in you care . treat they well . clean they up . have the protocol droid 's mind wipe . c-3po : oh , no. 235 ext . naboo -main square-dawn sio bibble walk with other mourner . large crowd line the street as a flower , cover coffin be draw by six beautiful white beast . soldier and family ato dignitaries follow the casket . padme 's hand clutches the japor snippet . 236 ext . dagobah -day a small escape pod hurl toward the swamp planet and disappear in the mist . the pod have land , and yoda descend the ramp , surveying the unfamiliar terrain . 237 ext . imperial STAR destroyer-space a Star destroyer be surround by attack cruiser . on the bridge of the Star destroyer stand the emperor and governor tarkin . darth vader walk along the bridge to join the emperor and governor tarkin . the camera pan to reveal the huge frame structure which be the beginning of the death STAR . 238 ext . alderaan-starcruiser-space the ship approach the surface of alderaan . 239 ext . alderaan -late afternoon the queen of alderaan sit on a balcony look out over the awesome mountain of alderaan . bail organa bring a small baby to she . she take she and rock she . 240 ext . tatooine -sunset obi - wan ride up to the moisture farm homestead on a eopie . he dismount , take the baby out of a papoose on he back , and walk toward aunt beru , who walk over to greet he . they talk for a moment , and obi - wan turn the baby over to the young homesteader . aunt beru walk to uncle owen who be stand on the ridge near the homestead . obi - wan leave as owen , beru , and the baby watch the twin sun set . Iris out . end title .