stargate by Dean Devlin & roland emmerich Devlin / emmerich draft 7/6/93 fade in : primitive sketch e.c.u. etched on stone , a jackal . another of a gazelle , a spear pierce its skin . primitive , yet dramatic tribal etching . the SOUND of ancient chanting be heard . wide to reveal ... ext . desert landscape , NORTH africa - sunset 1 a young boy chisel he artwork into the stone rockface at the edge of this valley . a old medicine man , he face paint with bizarre white stripe , chant nearby . the boy abruptly stop he work at the SOUND of distant cry . quickly he climb the stone . stand at the top he sees ... hunter . returning from a kill . they MARCH toward a SMALL campsite . 2 the tribe people rush to greet they . Super up : North Africa 8000 b.c. omitted 3 a blazing FIRE - later that night 4 silhouett tribesman dance in bizarre animal mask . foot stomping . the young Boy stare at the fire , SPARKS rise into the air . we pan up follow the spark into the sky . a full moon . a shadow be suddenly cast across the moon , blotting it out . int . tent - later that night 5 the young Boy sleep . above he hang a odd carve that slowly begin to rattle . the tent 's fabric begin to flap . the Boy 's eye pop open . he hear the sound of a quickly brewing storm . footstep . people hurry , call out to each other . suddenly the tent 's entrance flap sail OPEN . bright light pour in through the entrance . ext . campsite - night 6 the Boy exit he tent , stare at the light , intrigue . a storm building all around . unnatural and eerie . panicked , the tribesman run in fear , racing away from the light . the Medicine man , on he knee chanting . 10 11 the only one without fear , the Boy push through they , towards the light . tents begin to rip from they post in the strong gale wind . as the frighten clan retreat , the young Boy move closer and closer to the light , squinting through the blur sand . a loud roaring SOUND , building in ferocity . slowly we push into a extreme close up of the young Boy 's eye which widen . if we could only see what he see ... smash black out : fade in : omitted 7 the great pyramid - sunset 8 a glow orange set SUN just above the pyramid 's peak . a car drive past . Super up : giza , egypt - 1928 int . car - sunset 9 professor langford and he nine year old daughter catherine , who read from a thick text book , be rattling in the back seat . ext . digging site - giza - sunset 10 the car screech to a halt . the passenger door open and Professor langford jump out . Catherine follow . as they make they way down the ravine we slowly reveal the breadth of this work site . hundred of arab man digging away in the sand . foreman taylor 11 be crouch on the ground dusting off three large tablet cover in ancient egyptian hieroglyphics . Professor langford walk up behind he , stare in awe . taylor cover stone . we find they this afternoon . langford amazing . but why do you move they ? Catherine walk over to a small table , examine other artifact . she pick up a small golden SUN disk ; a circular symbol of the sun emblazon on a gold disk . 12 13 14 15 16 taylor there be something hide underneath . langford Hidden ? Taylor lead langford over to a large digging pit several yard away . slowly we track across the sand , over the lip of the digging pit revealing a handful of worker struggle to secure rope onto something hide beyond we view . suddenly the rope grow taut as they begin to lift . large metallic ring 12 over twenty foot in diameter . the ring be slowly lift out of the pit revealing its shape and structure . it do not seem to belong to ancient Egypt . and perhaps not even this world . angle - taylor and langford 13 as they stare in wonder at this newly find treasure . Young Catherine squeeze in between the two . langford ( whisper ) what be that thing , Taylor ? taylor I wish I know . the ring 14 as it 's lift upright , suspend above they . a amazing sight . catherine 15 stare , fascinate . suddenly the lense of she glass crack . CUT to : ext . new york CITY STREET - rain - day 16 a cold rainy winter day . traffic gridlock . horn honk , cabby yell . a grey limousine be stick in traffic . Super up : new york , present day through the rain -soak passenger window we see a elderly woman impatiently check she watch . unheard by we , she speak to she driver who exit and open the passenger door for she . take a umbrella from she driver , the elderly woman step out and make she way down the center of the street . 17 18 19 4 . we follow she through the dense traffic and up into a building mark : archaeological society of america int . lecture hall - same 17 test the microphone , the m.c. adjust the feedback as he lean close to address a gather of distinguished archaeologist . m.c . we next guest speaker today will be a extraordinary young man ... book and paper 18 clumsily this stack of book and papers be organize atop a man 's lap . gather together , they be lift as the man attempt to make he way out of he seat , down the aisle . male voice ( sotto ) Excuse I ... pardon I ... m.c. ... he graduate with he master at the age of 20 and speak eleven different language . he have write several seminal article on the comparative linguistics of the afro- asiatic language group and the development of the egyptian language from the archaic period to the Old Kingdom . please let I introduce to you , Daniel Jackson . crash . the book tumble to the floor . as he lean down to pick they up we see for the first time , daniel jackson , nervously retrieve he belonging . angle - professors 19 a older professor lean over to he companion . professor ah , another wunderkind . companion I have get sock older than this kid . Daniel make he way to the microphone . daniel you , Sir . what kind of car do you drive ? Daniel point to the Professor who make the remark . 20 21 professor my car ? um..a ford. daniel a model t? professor ( peeve ) I be not that old . it 's a escort . daniel a escort . power steering , fuel injection . modern " development . " Ford start with a model T then " develop " into a escort . the audience do not get where Daniel 's go with this . daniel ( cont 'd ) why do not egyptian culture develop ? they science , art , mathematics , everything be complete from the very beginning . why ? maybe , egyptian civilization be not a " development " but a legacy ! there be a audible reaction from the crowd . int . hallway - same 20 the elderly woman walk past the beautifully display egyptian artifact . daniel ( 0.s . ) the mastaba tomb around the pyramid be cover with hieroglyphics ; name , title of owner , list of offering . int . lecture hall - same 21 the elderly woman enter from the back of the room , she eye fix on Daniel . absently she finger the golden SUN disk hang from around she neck . this be catherine langford , no longer the child we meet in Egypt . daniel but the pyramid , the great structure ever erect , have no writings whatsoever . why ? a impose older man , professor thomas interrupt . thomas Mr. Jackson , you have conveniently leave out the fact that Colonel vyse discover quarryman 's inscription ( more ) thomas ( cont 'd ) of khufu 's name write within the pyramid . daniel his discovery be a fraud . the room erupt in angry dissent . thomas you can prove that , I hope ? with surprising speed , Daniel draw a series of hieroglyphics on the black board behind the podium . daniel this be the cartouche vyse claim to have find in the relieving chamber above the King 's chamber of the pyramid . he circle the first symbol ( a clear circle with a dot in the middle ) . daniel ( cont 'd ) but this symbol , represent the first consonant in the name khufu be incorrect . the correct symbol be ... he draw a circle with the center darken . daniel ( cont 'd ) this be the same exact misspel of khufu 's name that appear in wilkinson 's materia hieroglphyica , the book that Colonel vyse use to forge he big discovery . however , in the very next edition of the same book , they revise they translation to correct this error . ( beat ) the editor of this book admit he mistake but we , the academic community , refuse to . as several people begin to get out of they seat and walk out , another professor ( # 2 ) jump to he foot , incense . professor # 2 do not you think it 's rather arrogant to suggest the last hundred year of academic research be a collection of lie ?! he stand join he , daniel I be simply say that the great pyramid of giza be not build by the pharaoh of the fourth dynasty . professor # 3 this be ridiculous . I will not sit and listen to this nonsense . and exit the auditorium . as other in the audience Catherine langford step forward . catherine Mr. Jackson , who do you think build the pyramid ? there be a awkward silence as Daniel search for a answer . daniel I do not know . a heavy set beard man smile and call out . beard man Men from atlantis ? the audience erupt in laughter , cue more people to stand . beard man ( cont 'd ) or martian perhaps ?! daniel I do not say that ... beard man no , but you be about to . more laughter . Daniel sees more people filing out . quickly he try to organize he note but be clearly flustered . daniel if we could just get back to the subject . perhaps they civilization lie in the bury wadis of western sahara . in the predynastic period this area would have be rich with food and animal . New geological evidence pre-date that sphinx to a much earlier period , confirm my hypothesis .. but as Daniel look up from he material he sees the last several people leave in the room , filing out the back door . 22 23 24 25 wide angle - daniel at podium 22 alone in the room , Daniel stand at the podium . sadly he slowly close he text . daniel ( cont 'd ) any question ? dissolve to : ext . lower east side - subway exit - late afternoon 23 alone in a crowd , Daniel struggle with he book in the rain as he exit the busy subway exit . absently he step out into the street . honk . a cab slam on the brake , nearly hit he . cabbie wake up you idiot ! startle , Daniel hurry out of harm way as he pass a small fruit stand . the armenian owner greet Daniel in he native language , toss he a apple . Daniel respond with fluid armenian as he catch the apple on he way over to a old brownstone building . he step around a grey limousine double park in front of he building as he make he way inside . int . apartment build - continuous 24 dripping wet , Daniel step into the hallway . he stop as he hear opera music play through a open door at the end of the hallway . slowly he make he way to the open door only to find , Catherine langford , sit inside , relaxed and smoking a cigarette . she hold in she hand a bust of a beautiful egyptian woman . catherine ( be : bust ) 14th century , b.c . Nice reproduction . int . daniel' apartment - continuous 25 taken off guard , Daniel walk into he apartment . his room be a mess , multiple stack of book line every wall , hieroglyphic tracing and reproduction of egyptian art . daniel how do you get in here ? catherine you landlord tell I you be three month behind in you rent , shame on you . Daniel put down he drench text book and remove he drip overcoat . daniel you be at the lecture . Catherine return the bust to a table next to a photo of a young couple . catherine you parent ? daniel Foster . catherine oh , right . you real parent die in a plane crash in ...' 73 ? she hold she cigarette out , request a ash tray . daniel let 's cut to the chase , shall we ? why be you here ? Daniel put a dead pot plant in front of Catherine . reluctantly she put she cigarette out in its dirt . catherine to offer you a job . daniel a job ? what job ? catherine translation . I want to put you to work on some ancient egyptian hieroglyphics . daniel ( suspicious ) since when be the military interested in ancient egyptian hieroglyphics ? catherine ( surprised ) who say anything about the military ? Daniel walk close to she , defiantly . 26 10 . daniel in front of my building be a grey lincoln town car with government plate . its chauffeur be wear a crewcut ' stead of a black cap . and the only way you could have get past my Nazi of a landlord be to flash some pretty fancy credential . ( beat ) so why be the military interested in ancient egyptian hieroglyphics ? Catherine be clearly impressed . she smile . catherine I wish I could tell you more but I be not allow . daniel what make you think I would take a job I do not know anything about ? catherine you mean beyond the fact that you have no family , no friend , and no hope of pay that stack of bill sit on you desk ? Daniel sneak a sidelong glance at he mountain of mail . daniel well , uh , yes . Catherine stand , walk closer to Daniel . she pull out a snapshot from she bag and hold it in front of he face . catherine to prove that you theory be right . the photo 26 a snapshot of the tablet find at giza in 1928 . mesmerized Daniel grab at the photo , but Catherine quickly pull it away . she know she 's hook he . she hand hima stuff envelope , instead . daniel what 's this ? catherine you travel plan . she turn and head for the door . Daniel call out to she . daniel I be not big on fly . 27 28 11 . catherine ( 0.s. ) get over it . Daniel watch she walk away , then stare at the envelope . CUT to : ext . suburban neighborhood - day 27 a dark sedan with a government seal come to a stop in front of a lower middle - class suburban house . two officer in military garb step out of the car and march to the front door of the house . Super up : yuma , Arizona as they walk , we see a black military folder one of they carry . the first Officer knock on the door . the door open to reveal , sarah , mid-thirty , tense . the pain she carry tarnishes she once beautiful face . officer # 1 Mrs o'neil ? see the Officer 's military attire , she nod , move away from the door . sarah come on in . Sarah disappear into the house . the two officer exchange a glance and follow she inside . int . o' neil house - continuous - day 28 immaculately keep , order . Sarah move into the kitchen as the two officer awkwardly make they way into the live room . officer # 1 uh , Mrs o'neil , be you husband at home ? she answer from the kitchen where she continue she chore . sarah yes . officer # 1 do you think we might be able to speak with he ? sarah you can try . 29 30 31 32 12 . still she continue to clean in the kitchen . after a long beat ... officer # 1 and where would we find he ? sarah last door , end of the hall . the Officer nod he appreciation as he and he partner head down the hall . officer be p.o.v . - down hall 29 as they make they way down the hall , they reach a open doorway at the hall 's end . peer in they see , a teenage boy 's room . perfectly keep . Sports trophy , football , etc . as we track across the room 's belonging we find a man sit in a chair face the window , he back towards we . officer # 1 Excuse I , Colonel o'neil ? we be from General West 's office . but the man in the chair do not turn around . officer # 1 ( cont 'd ) Colonel ? reverse angle - colonel jack o'neil 30 for the first time we see colonel jack o'neil , long hair , six day growth , intense and troubled eye . there be nothing military look about this guy . he stare vacantly out the window . officer # 1 ( cont 'd ) Sir ? int . kitchen - sarah be p.o.v . - moment later 31 Sarah look out the kitchen window and sees the two officer return to they car outside . Sarah turn and slowly walk to the back of the house . as she approach a open bedroom door , she stop , peer inside . p.0o.v. - into bedroom 32 the black folder lay on the bed . a press military uniform be laid down next to the folder . 33 34 35 36 37 13 . pain , Sarah shut she eye and turn away . CUT to : ext . mountain forest - helicopter shot - day 33 quickly , we sail over the treetop through this dense forest area . at the edge of the treeline we find a beat up and bruise chevy , sputtering up the windy mountain road . Super up : Creek Mountain , Colorado omitted 34 ext . guard gateway - day 35 the chevy pull up to a gate where two marine stand guard . one walk up to Daniel 's window . Daniel open the envelope Catherine give he and hand some papers to the Guard . daniel Daniel Jackson . I think I be suppose to show this to .. sneeze . Daniel grab for a kleenex . guard cold ? daniel no. allergy . always happen when I travel . ext . military compound - day 36 a group of marine be in the midst of vigorous training . led by lieutenant kawalsky , early thirty , big , friendly and eager . with a loud backfire , we see the chevy make its way past . Lt. kawalsky signal for another soldier to take over , then head after Daniel . as he walk away , the other stop and watch . ext . tunnel entrance - same 37 tunnele into the side of a mountain , a large hollow entrance . Daniel have park next to it and be struggle to pull a enormous bag out of he trunk . kawalsky Daniel Jackson ? startle , Daniel turn to see kawalsky rush up . kawalsky grab and shake Daniel 's hand . 38 39 40 41 42 14 . kawalsky ( cont 'd ) Dr. langford be worried you change you mind . daniel it take I three day to drive . again Daniel try to lift he bag out but he can not . kawalsky help you with that ? he reach in for Daniel 's bag . daniel careful , book , they be very ... effortlessly kawalsky lift the bag out with one hand , slamming the trunk down shut with the other . daniel ( cont 'd ) .. heavy . he follow kawalsky into the tunnel . int . tunnel entrance - sunset 38 daniel follow kawalsky into the dark tunnel . two large concrete door open to reveal a metal shack , a guard stand alongside it . the guard hit a button on the desk and shack open expose a steel cage inside . they walk over and enter . int . steel cage - continuous 39 suddenly with a loud hydraulic roar , the cage quickly descend downward . we watch as the cage drop down , deeper and deeper . daniel be p.0.v . - through cage 40 Daniel count the large number paint on the shaft wall as they descend . they pass 18 , 19 , 20 ... so on . Daniel try to take it all in . suddenly the cage stop . the number read 28 . the two and the eight be separate as the door OPEN . daniel' p.0o.v. - underground structure - same 41 several sterile hallway lead towards we , active with foot traffic . int . hallway - tracking - continuous 42 Daniel follow kawalsky down the main hallway . walk out of a open office door be meyer , a bald middle - age scientist who extend he hand to Daniel as they walk . 43 44 15 . meyer Mr. Jackson , Dr. Gary meyer . daniel hi. where be I ? female voice ( 0.s. ) a nuclear missile silo . Daniel turn to find barbara shore , late-thirty , walk up alongside he . shore do not worry . it 's be completely convert . Barbara shore . the token astrophysicist on the team . kawalsky stop at the end of the hall , turn back to Daniel . kawalsky this be where you will be work . kawalsky open the door . they all enter . int . lab - continuous 43 Daniel 's eye widen . a large workroom . the wall be cover with charcoal rubbing and photo enlargement of hieroglyphics . on two large table be various artifact . meyer move over to the back wall and pull down a sheet that be cover ... the giza tablet ( from the open ) 44 the giza tablet have be fastened to the wall . Daniel be truly amaze , hypnotize . stand near the tablet , Catherine look up from some papers and walk over to Daniel . catherine glad you decide to join we . daniel where do you find they ? catherine giza plateau. 1928 . ( point out part of tablet ) there be two line of hieroglyphs . the outer edge which have some familiar figure , as you can see . she point to a chalk board next to the hieroglyphics that have a loose translation ; year 10 of king ? , sky , RA , the SUN disk , coffin , door to heaven . 16 . catherine ( cont 'd ) and then there be the inner track , here . this symbol , as you can see , be unlike any ever find . ( after a beat ) like champillion with the rosetta Stone , we try to compare the two reading against each other for any similarity . Daniel , still in awe , walk over to the translation , examine it . daniel it 's all wrong . what do you use , budge ? why do they keep reprinting he book ? meyer we try decode and translation computer program , use every know technique , for year with no result ... Daniel erase the word time on the blackboard and replace it with the word year . peeve , meyer step forward . meyer ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . Catherine stop he , watch Daniel , intrigue . daniel that 's a curious word to use " qebeh . " then a adverbial sedjem - en - ef with a cleft subject " seal and bury " ... ( turn to meyer ) not coffin . shore walk up next to kawalsky , together they watch Daniel work quickly re-work the translation . meyer ( to Daniel ) what be you do ?! daniel " forever to eternity for all time " . you really should have get that one . shore look over at meyer with a " I tell you so " attitude . as Daniel step back from the board we see he have nearly complete the translation of the top part of the tablet . 45 17 . daniel ( cont 'd ) this should read , a million year into the sky be RA , SUN GOD . sealed and buried for all time he ... then Daniel circle the last word . daniel ( cont 'd ) it 's not door to heaven . the proper translation be ... stargate . there be a stunne beat . they can not believe how fast Daniel can work . slowly Daniel turn back to they . daniel ( cont 'd ) alright , now will somebody please tell I why the military have assemble a team of archaeological scientist in a nuclear missile silo on top of mount nowhere to study five thousand year old egyptian tablet ? o'neil ( 0.s. ) my report say , ten thousand . the group turn to see ... colonel o'neil 45 dress in full military attire , he hair cropped tight , the Colonel , in sharp contrast to the man we meet before , be now the very image of the spit-and - polish soldier . daniel ten thousand ? everyone turn , surprised at this intrusion . clearly the other in the room do not recognise o'neil . kawalsky snap to attention . kawalsky sir. o'neil at ease . o'neil open the black folder , remove some papers and hand they over to kawalsky . catherine Excuse I , do I know ... o'neil Jack o'neil from General West 's office . I will be take over from now on . 18 . shock , Catherine turn to kawalsky who look up at the papers and nod ; it 's true . Daniel could care less about the change of the guard and step forward . daniel wait a minute . ten thousand ? that 's impossible . egyptian civilization do not even exist until ... shore we know , but the sonic and radiocarbon test be conclusive . look at this artifact from associate and overly strata . clearly epipaleolithic or neolithic , probably related to the natufian in Palestine . entirely consistent with the ninth to tenth millennium b.c. date . daniel this be cover stone . be there a tomb underneath ? meyer no . but we find something much more interesting . o'neil interrupt , step between they . o'neil Excuse I , but this information have become classified . meyer ( confuse ) Catherine , what 's go on here ? catherine I be not sure . o'neil from now on , no information will be pass on to non military personnel without my express permission . daniel you can not be serious . this be ludicrous . what the hell be I do here ? o'neil you be a translator , so translate . Lieutenant , I want all information not directly pertain to this tablet to be remove and bring to my office immediately . 46 19 . o' Neil turn for the exit . kawalsky you office , Sir ? o'neil ( turn back ) and I will need a office . kawalsky yes Sir ! kawalsky rush for the door and lead o'neil out . o'neil march out . the group exchange confuse glance . meyer who be this guy ? catherine I will handle this . Catherine go run after o'neil . meyer and shore exit behind she leave a confuse Daniel alone with the tablet . daniel ( to himself ) ten thousand ? CUT to : int . hallway - moment later 46 kawalsky lead o'neil down the hallway . from the rear , Catherine rush to catch up . catherine Colonel , just a minute . ( o' Neil stop ) I think you owe I some kind of explanation . I be tell I would have complete autonomy . o'neil plan change . catherine why ? o'neil thing have get too loose around here . you have even bring in another civilian . catherine Jackson be approve . 47 20 . o'neil to translate . that 's all . catherine this have nothing to do with Jackson , do it ? what 's this all about ? why do they bring you in ? at first he do not want to answer . finally he decide to tell she the truth . o'neil I be here in case you succeed . o'neil turn and walk away . CUT to : int . lab - night 47 to the strain of seventeenth century opera music pour out of a ghetto blaster , we pan across the darken lab . Daniel 's belonging be spread throughout the room , include he egyptian bust . open book scattered all over the floor . the room be a mess . as we see the tablet , we track up the scaffold surround it until we find Daniel , lay by the top of the tablet . Daniel , look harry and tired , be deep in think . kawalsky ( 0.s. ) do you have a problem with the food here ? you have barely eat in day . Daniel lean over the edge of the scaffold and sees kawalsky stand below , a tray of food in he hand . kawalsky ( cont 'd ) you want anything else ? daniel a point of reference . some context . you want I to solve a puzzle but you will not give I the clue . kawalsky you know I be under strict order . daniel so disobey order . you know what Shakespeare say , " let they obey that know not how to rule . " kawalsky calmly put the tray of food down on the desk 48 49 50 51 21 . kawalsky must be tough to always be the smartest person in the room . kawalsky turn and exit . frustrate , Daniel lay back down onto the scaffold . Daniel roll over and climb down the scaffold and walk over to a table . he grab the coffee pot only to find it empty . carry the pot with he , Daniel exit the lab . int . hallway - continuous - night 48 just as he step out of the lab , a night watchman look up from he post . Daniel hold the empty pot up . daniel out of water . the watchman nod as Daniel move down the hall . int . hallway - outside o'neil be office - night 49 turn the corner , pot in hand , Daniel pass o'neil 's office ; o'neil 's name freshly paint on the door . check to see that he 's unobserve , Daniel walk up to the office door . Daniel examine a keypad at the side of the door . he reach into he pocket and pull out a small pair of nail clipper . he jimmy the top of the pad open with the clipper and jam they into the wiring , SPARKS jump . suddenly the office door glide OPEN . int . o' neil be office - continuous - night 50 like he home , o'neil 's office be immaculately keep . Daniel creep inside , scan the room . he sees a file cabinet and rush over to it . but as he open its drawer he find they be all empty . Daniel open the closet door and find a large safe , very high security . he look down at the tiny nail clipper still in he hand . no way . casually Daniel go through the desk drawer , but again , empty . finally in the last drawer he find a photo of o'neil 's wife and son . suddenly the glow of a computer screen catch he eye . Daniel pick up the keyboard and start type . monitor - insert 51 below the word , UNITED states armed force , Daniel type the word " query " a highlight list appear . Daniel move the highlight over the word personnel . the word search appear . 52 53 54 55 22 . Daniel type in colonel jack o'neil . the computer respond , please wait ... impatiently Daniel wait . suddenly the shadow of a guard be see through the door . Daniel freeze . the guard pass . Daniel look back down to the computer and see ... o'neil , jack - colonel - retired , two year - return active duty , one month . Daniel type something into the computer but the only response he get be ; classified . frustrate , Daniel shut the desktop and move towards the exit . but just as he 's about to walk out the door , he spot something on the wall , back up . daniel be p.0.v . - a STAR map of the know universe . several of the star constellation mark out in white . Daniel reach up and the Star map get violently ripped from the wall . computer scanner a bar of white light scan across the table top , over the STAR map . widen to reveal : int . lab - minute later stuff he face with a snicker bar , daniel sit behind the bank of computer , work furiously . monitor the screen fill with the image of one of the hieroglyphics . we pan up from the computer to see it on the tablet just beyond the screen . quickly Daniel punch something up on the computer . the computer screen split put the image of the hieroglyphs on one side and the map 's orion star constellation on the other . make some adjustment on the computer , Daniel rotate the image from the Star map until it form the same shape as the hieroglyphic . they be , in fact , the same symbol ! Daniel turn to he egyptian bust . daniel bingo ! CUT to : 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 23 . military limousine slide to a stop . dust. Doors open . stepping out of the limo we see a dozen high rank military official . ext . military compound - tunnel entrance - day the group of official move towards the tunnel entrance . as they march we see that they surround general west , 50' . the group disappear inside . int . silo - hallway - same - day kawalsky lead Daniel , who carry a stack of papers , down the hall . kawalsky stop , open a door mark briefing room . Daniel enter . int . briefing room - continuous - day the briefing room be pack ; o'neil , Catherine , meyer , shore and all the official we see enter the compound . at the center of the conversation be General West . Daniel clearly be not expect such a audience . catherine Daniel , I would like you to meet General West . general west I have come a long way to hear this . let 's see what you have get . Daniel turn to Catherine who nod for Daniel to go ahead . Daniel unfurl o'neil 's star map . Daniel circle one of the constellation . daniel this be a star constellation . orion . identical to a symbol on the tablet . the scientist exchange interested look . daniel ( cont 'd ) the symbol on the tablet be not word . they be constellation . put together in a meticulous and unique order , form a address . catherine a " address " ? you mean coordinate ? daniel exactly . the centerpiece of the tablet hold the key . 56 57 58 59 24 . Daniel draw the cartouche . shore , meyer and Catherine exchange a look . even o'neil lean forward . daniel ( cont 'd ) this cartouche be a map . what we have here be the seven point to outline a course to a destination . shore Seven ? Daniel draw a diagram indicate the six point need to determine a destination ( see diagram ) . daniel in order to find a destination in any three dimensional space we need to find two point to determine exact height , two point for width , and two point for depth . that point be indicate here ... ( be : cartouche ) ... with star constellation . general west you say you need seven point ? daniel yes . while this symbol give we we destination , in order to chart we course we must have a point of origin . meyer but there be only six symbol on the cartouche . daniel that 's because the point of origin be not inside the cartouche but below it , here . Daniel circle a small symbol at the base of the cartouche . daniel ( cont 'd ) this here . this be the sign for Earth . the point of origin . the seventh symbol . there be a long silence . Daniel wait for a response . it be long in come . catherine ( sly smile ) he do it . 60 61 25 . daniel do what ? shore there be no symbol like that on the device . meyer perhaps some other kind of representation ? daniel what device ? Catherine turn to o'neil and General . catherine you will have to show he . he 's the only one who can identify it . daniel would someone please tell I what 's go on ? the General think a moment , turn to o'neil . general west show he . o'neil walk over to the back wall . he push a large button . suddenly the whole wall slide away revealing a huge bay window look out at a much larger room below . surprise , Daniel turn . as Daniel walk over to the window we push in to see ... missile silo - daniel be p.o.v. 60 through the window we can see the convert missile silo pack with high tech equipment . in the center of all this technology sit ... the metallic ring 61 this ring , the same one find in Egypt over sixty year ago , now seem to be part of one gigantic function machine . daniel what the hell be that ? catherine you " Star Gate . " general west take he downstairs . see if he can identify this " seventh symbol . " 62 63 64 26 . Catherine nod and lead Daniel and the other out of the room , down to the silo . o'neil and the General stay behind . int . silo - moment later 62 control chaos . this room look much like " mission control . " Catherine escort Daniel into the control booth . he stare at the ring in total awe . catherine while we do not realize the symbol be star constellation , it be obvious to we that they match symbol write on the star gate . Problem be , we never know about the seventh symbol . through the observation window above , o'neil and General West watch as a video camera move across a track close in on the detail of the Star Gate . General West turn to o'neil . general Jack , it 's good to have you back . ( o' Neil nod ) how 's you wife ? o'neil some day be alright , other be not . the General nod , understand . angle - daniel and catherine 63 Catherine lead Daniel next to a monitor that show a detail of the symbol write on the rim of the star gate . Daniel stare at the screen , watch the symbol pass as the ring slowly rotate . daniel hold it ! Catherine turn , signal for the Star Gate to stop spin . Daniel walk closer to the monitor . monitor - stargate e.c.u . - symbol 64 lift a black marker to the screen , Daniel draw the symbol he find below the cartouche over a symbol see on the screen . clearly this symbol be the other representation of the same sign . meyer that 's it . we must have be blind ! catherine let 's try it . 65 27 . Catherine pick up a phone . above we see General West pick up a phone from behind the observation glass . he nod . Catherine hang up . catherine ( cont 'd ) ( announce ) let 's run a test . over a mic , shore give instruction to two tecnician who program the ring to turn , front part and back in different direction , align the side . each section stop at a particular sign , match the cartouche . several armed guard suddenly surround the star gate , protect it , from what , we do not know . a technician open the top of the probe and place a cage rat inside . as each symbol align on the stargate , a laser ignites in the center of the ring . each additional laser build the intensity of the light . Daniel be amaze . he adjust he glass to get a better look when they suddenly crack . catherine ( cont 'd ) I should have warn you about that . daniel ( take off he glass ) incredible . as the seventh symbol be match up , there be a audible hum . the laser brighten and a strange light tunnel begin to form at the center of the ring . shore it 's guide itself . can you believe this ?! suddenly every computer in the room begin to activate . light flash , data print out , technician rush to deal with all the input . shore turn around to see ... map on the back wall of the control room 65 a detailed schematic of the Universe . a small red laser cross hair begin to trek across the map , leave Earth and travel across the galaxy , stop at the far end of the screen . shore ( cont 'd ) oh my God , the beam have lock onto a point on the other side of we galaxy ! technician # 2 it have mass . could be a moon or large asteroid . 28 . daniel where be we on that map ? catherine Blue dot . the flash blue dot be all the way on the other side of the screen , lower right corner . catherine ( cont 'd ) that 's right , Daniel . the other side of the know Universe . a probe be bring over to a ramp that lead into the center of the ring . general west ( filter through microphone ) release the probe . the crew finish they last preparation and rush away , leave the probe sit on the ramp . shore initiate count down . a computer countdown begin . the technician put on large dark security glass . Catherine hand a pair to Daniel who reluctantly put they on . suddenly the probe start to move . the probe move tank - like across the ramp head directly into the center of the ring . as the countdown reach the end , the probe move into the ring . suddenly there be a audible power surge . blinding white light flash from the ring . even with the glass , Daniel and the other cover they eye . suddenly the probe vanish ! shock , Daniel look to Catherine for a explanation . she give none . a second count down begin , count down from 60 ... 59 ... 58 ... 57 ... with bait breath , the entire crew remain motionless , wait for the end of the countdown . daniel ( whisper to Catherine ) what 's happen ? catherine we be wait for it to come back . daniel come back ? 29 . catherine never have before . 32 ... 31 ... 30 ... daniel how be this possible ? catherine it 's make out of a quartz unlike any find on Earth . some kind of natural molecular disrupter . the device be make out of it . it break down atom and send they through another dimension . 22 ... 21 ... 20 ... daniel how long have you guy be work on this ? catherine my father find it when I be a child . but the egyptian government do not release it until ' 71 . then we have to get it from the british . and from there it take another ten year to get financing . daniel from the Pentagon . 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... the tension be thick . everyone in the room be anxious , wait nervously . 3... 2 ... 1 ... through the ring , a vague shadow can be see come from the other side . slowly the shadow take the form of the probe , move slowly and steadily down the ramp . within second the ring turn on its own and shut down . the whole room explode with cheer . the armed guard surround the probe as it come off the ramp . two guard immediately begin to examine it . one guard open the top of the probe , remove the cage rat ; still alive and well . the technician and crew member hug each other , congratulate one another . meyer rush over to Daniel shaking he hand , enthusiastically . meyer congratulation . I mean it . 66 30 . unlike everyone else , Daniel remain incredulous . daniel they be plan on go through , be not they ? catherine that 's what this be all about . suddenly the phone ring . Catherine pick it up and try to listen through all the cheer go on around she . catherine ( cont 'd ) ( yell to room ) quiet ! everyone ! the room settles down . as Catherine 's expression darken , everyone in the room turn and look at she , concerned . slowly we pan up to the observation window . unheard by we , o'neil finish he conversation with Catherine . slowly the wall lift back up , covering the window . slowly Catherine hang up the phone and turn back to she cohort . catherine ( cont 'd ) we be do . they be send we all home . he say they be take over from here . shore what ?! through the glass window of the control room we see ... technician - catherine's p.0o.v. through glass 66 two technician move close to the probe . suddenly several of the armed guard block they path , rifle lift . behind they kawalsky instruct a guard who remove several disk from the probe . confused , the technician turn back to Catherine . meyer they can not do this ! catherine yes they can . sadly she turn away , try to hide she disappointment . everyone be shocked as the armed guard , lead by kawalsky take the probe out of the silo . Daniel can not believe it . he turn and look at the crestfallen face around he . with a strange resolve , Daniel storm out . 31 . 67 int . briefing room - same 67 the door burst open as kawalsky and two of the armed guard march in carry the recording disk from the probe . they pass o'neil and General West . general west it 's up to you now , Jack . o'neil I will be ready . oh- six hundred hour . o'neil turn and exit the room . 68 int hallway outside briefing room - continuous 68 barely three step out of the room , o'neil be interrupt by Daniel who race up , walk behind he . daniel just what the hell do you think you be do ? o'neil we will release all intelligence at the appropriate time . daniel and who 's go to make that decision ? the Pentagon ? o'neil military intelligence . daniel that 's a contradiction in term . ignoring Daniel , o'neil walk on . daniel ( cont 'd ) how do you think you will be able to keep this quiet ! the public will want to know . o'neil stop , face Daniel . o'neil who 's go to tell they ? you ? daniel if I have to . o'neil ( contemptuous ) go ahead . who do you think be go to believe you ? you be a joke . ( more ) 69 70 71 32 . o'neil ( cont 'd ) you have no credibility leave out there . face it , you only interest here be to try and repair you damage reputation . daniel you be damned right I do . I have spend the better part of my life study exactly what this project be all about . I have dedicated myself to it . what have you dedicated you life to , Colonel ? the Colonel stare at he hard . he would like to answer but will not . o'neil ( cold ; lethal ) pack you bag and get off this base . o'neil turn and walk away . frustrate , Daniel yell after he . daniel you be go to need I ! general west ( 0.s. ) he may be right . o'neil and Daniel spin to see General West stand behind they . CUT to : a hand 69 pushes one of the recording disk from the probe into some kind of laser disk - type player . monitor - probe's p.o.v . - darkly lit room 70 the monitor light up and through the static-filled video we see the interior of some architectural structure . widen to reveal : int . briefing room - later - day 71 Daniel stand in front of the large wall size monitor at the edge of the room . behind be the military official , kawalsky and o'neil . the image slowly rotate , pan around the room stone wall . soon we pass over another STAR gate , fully power . 33 . general west freeze and enhance . the image freeze . digitally the image be enhanced as we artificially zoom closer , detail the ring of the Star Gate . fascinate , Daniel move closer . daniel the marking ... they be different . general west that 's why I want you to see this . assistant lieutenant the readout tell we it 's a atmospheric match . barometric pressure , temperature and most importantly oxygen . all compatible to Earth . as we expect . the General step behind Daniel . general west but I will not send we boy over there if I be not absolutely sure I can bring them back . assistant lieutenant we know the beam will only stay connect for a short amount of time . after the ring shut itself down , we will have to re-establish the beam from the other side . daniel we could re-establish from here . general west once we team go through , this place will be evacuate and seal . we do not know what might come through from the other side . daniel so you want I to go over with the team , re-align the Star Gate and bring everyone back home . general west question be , can you do it ? Daniel take a beat , turn to o'neil and kawalsky who stand near the back of the room . 72 73 74 34 . daniel yes ... I can do it . general west be you sure ? daniel positive . General West turn to he counterpart who all nod in agreement . general west Fine . you be on the team . dismiss , kawalsky escort Daniel out of the room . once they be both go , o'neil turn back to General West . o'neil he 's smart . he will not go along with we if he figure it out . general west then it 's you job to make sure he do not . CUT to : int . hallway 72 a trunk be close , seal . box , equipment and personnel be be ship out . among the busy foot traffic we see meyer and shore sadly walk out carry they suitcase . ext . compound - hanger - early morning 73 personnel buss be load , people stow they belonging . truck pack with box of equipment . int . lab - same 74 Daniel be buttone the final button on he standard military issue combat uniform . catherine ( 0.s. ) I think you do not like to travel . Daniel turn to find Catherine stand in the doorway . daniel I get over it . catherine I want to give you something . Catherine walk over to Daniel , take something out of she pocket . 75 76 77 35 . catherine ( cont 'd ) this be find the same day as the Star Gate . it always bring I luck . she open she hand , expose the SUN disk necklace . daniel I could not ... lift the necklace , Catherine put it on a grateful Daniel . catherine bring it back to I . overcome with emotion , Catherine turn away and hurry out . Daniel watch she leave . int . tunnel entrance - moment later 75 through the busy traffic of people make they way out we see the silhouett figure of Catherine walk away from we . int . hallway - same 76 o'neil march towards the anxious and concerned face of we away squad ; kawalsky , five soldier ( we recognize this soldier from Daniel 's arrival ) and Daniel . there 's a long tense pause . finally ... o' neil do anyone want to say anything before we go ? o'neil walk past each member of the squad who look up at he and say nothing . sneeze . everyone turn down the line look at Daniel who wipe he nose with a kleenex . int . silo - control room - morning 77 abuzz with activity . technician initiate commencement sequence . technician make final adjustment to the computer . we move up from the computer console to a monitor where we see a detail of the ring as it begin to turn . as it turn we rack focus through the glass to the Star Gate . in front of it we see a wheeled vehicle get pack with equipment . 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 36 . technician ( cont 'd ) ( filter through speaker ) cameras on . video cameras spin from every angle of the silo , focus on the Star Gate . as we pan up from the multitude of camera we stop at ... angle - observation window - general west 78 watch the activity below , the General see the away squad , lead by o'neil as they march into the silo . int . silo - same 79 the squad walk over to the ramp . four soldier move over to the wheeled vehicle , escort it on either side as it slowly move up the ramp . with three of the symbol already locked in , the Star Gate continue to rotate . the squad follow the vehicle up the ramp . Daniel look up at the spin Star Gate and swallow hard . technician last sequence initiate . the seventh symbol . 80 begins its turn . we follow it as it slowly move into place . general west's p.0o.v. - down into silo 81 the team stand below in the now empty silo , prepare to enter the ring . General West pick up the microphone . general west begin final evacuation . int . control booth - same 82 as the last of the technician leave , the entrance door to the Star Gate room and control booth slowly shut and lock . int . observation booth - same 83 General West press a button and the wall cover seal up over the window . the General turn and exit . the seventh sign 84 lock into place . the Star Gate stop rotating . the seven laser ignite , form the beginning of the tunnel . 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 37 . int . hallway - same General West , join by he man , march down through the elaborate hallway . Doors shutting and sealing behind they as they march . int . silo - same the vehicle hit the top of the ramp and enter into the ring . Daniel stare in wonder at the sight . the entire vehicle and the man alongside evaporate into the ring 's center . ext . compound - same the last to leave , General West and he man exit the tunnel entrance and two huge concrete door begin to move , close . int . silo - same stoic , o'neil be the first to march through after the vehicle . he step into the ring . kawalsky turn back to the soldier behind he . they exchange apprehensive look . kawalsky turn back and walk in . the soldier cross himself and step inside , revealing ... daniel his heart in he throat , Daniel stare at the ring . int . tunnel entrance - general west - same through the close door we see General West look back just as the two gigantic door seal close , blackout . int . stargate room - same Daniel shut he eye and step into the beam . daniel before we eye we see Daniel break down to the molecular level ... ... he enter another dimension . a fourth dimension ... ... travel over million of light year outside of we own time continuum ... ... we then enter a gigantic black space , float ... until a sun-like light rush towards we , engulf we ... ... the screen burn to complete and total white ... slowly out of the bright white light , a face form . molecule rush together . it 's Daniel , cover with frost , drop down to he knee , clutching himself in pain . widen to reveal : 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 38 . int . pyramid - stargate room - same 93 in a pool of light beneath the Star Gate on the other side ( exactly like the one on Earth ) , Daniel be curl up , freezing cold . hand reach out for he . panicked , Daniel knock they away . kawalsky Jackson , you alright ? o'neil calm down , Jackson , it 's over . squint through the bright light , Daniel can just make out the shape of the other member of the squad , scattered around the room in various state of recovery . cough , squinting and shaking off the cold , the team come together . suddenly the Star Gate begin to turn on its own . as it stop the light at the ring 's center shut off . total blackness . a flare ignites . adjusting to the new light we see o'neil hold the flare , check he man . o'neil ( cont 'd ) everyone alright ? slowly the squad nod . one soldier , lt . feretti , shake it off . lt . feretti tell I we do not have to go through that thing again . Daniel , slowly recover , lift himself up , daze . a second flare be lit . use the light , Daniel scan the room , spot the Star Gate . he 's amaze . as he look around we see that we be in a massive stone surround , not nearly as big as the silo , yet still impressive . behind Daniel the squad gather equipment , ready to move out . one soldier , FREEMAN , attaches a light to a harness mount video camera , while brown slip on a back pack connect to a receive dish for collect technical data . Brown check a readout monitor attach to the back of he arm . o'neil move over to a doorway lead to a short hallway . he look down the hallway and turn back to the squad . o'neil feretti , take point . first team . 94 95 96 97 98 39 . feretti lift he rifle . he and another soldier lead Brown through the doorway . kawalsky and another soldier move across from o'neil . o'neil ( cont 'd ) kawalsky , cover the rear . kawalsky nod as o'neil move through follow by another soldier . Freeman adjust he camera harness and follow . kawalsky move to follow , then turn back to Daniel . kawalsky ( whisper ) Jackson ! Daniel spin , nod and follow . int . hallway / medallion room - continuous 94 slowly the squad make its way through the dark hallway and across this small room . Brown check he readout on the move . o'neil and he team move quickly through , follow by Daniel who stop , notice something . he reach forward and grab Freeman , turn he light down to the floor . daniel be p.o.v . - medallion 95 we see a large round medallion on the floor . tilting Freeman 's light we look up to find a similar object on the ceiling above . Daniel do not know what to make of it . annoy , Freeman shake himself loose from Daniel and move on . blackness - hallway 96 two small blue-ish flare roll towards we , landing to a bumpy stop . together they illuminate this grand gallery ( a larger hallway lead upwards ) . below we we see feretti 's face as he peer upwards . he toss another flare and enter with he team . angle - brown 97 spin and turn as he march upwards into the Gallery . o'neil and he team follow , gun ready , camera recording . daniel 98 at the rear , stare at the surroundings . somehow it all seem familiar to he . 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 40 . rampway top - continuous 99 at the top of the rampway , the hall level off to a short hallway lead to another chamber . as the team arrive , they gather together await instruction . team' p.o.v . - down hallway 100 ahead of they , light can be see in the next chamber , perhaps lead outside . Brown , feretti and another soldier move ahead of the rest , head into the next room . int . entrance hall - continuous 101 a much larger hallway fill with huge pillar . feretti peel off to one side , the other soldier take position across from he . Brown step into the room , take reading . team' p.0.v . - brown 102 silhouett at the end of the hall , in the next room . Brown turn he back to we . brown ( off he readout ) condition be similar to inside . Radiation , electromagnetic and other exposure , normal . the rest of the team move onward . int . entrance hall - continuous 103 cautiously the team make its way through this huge room , rotate position , move pillar at a time . again , Brown and feretti be the first to reach the doorway lead outside . check he reading , Brown turn back and give the okay sign . the team follow . angle - daniel 104 totally awestruck , Daniel can not believe what he 's see . he 's thrilled . nearly in a daze , Daniel take it all in . daniel be p.0.v . - exiting entrance hall - day 105 follow closely behind o'neil , Daniel slowly make he way through the doorway out into the bright sunlight . Daniel find himself on a large platform surround by sand dune . ahead of he he sees the soldier who have take defensive position across the platform and Brown and Freeman who be amaze as they record all they survey . 106 107 108 109 41 . ext . entrance platform - day 106 we see the entire team position across this mammoth structure . o'neil turn to kawalsky and feretti . o'neil I want to see where the hell I be . kawalsky , feretti , secure the base of this ramp . I be go to take a look around . daniel I will go with you . o'neil ignore Daniel as he follow kawalsky and feretti down the long ramp into the sand . angle - entrance ramp 107 at the base of the ramp stand two large obelisk . kawalsky and feretti take position on either side of the obelisk . o'neil and Daniel follow down the ramp and into the sand . behind they , Freeman march down with he camera . as he near the base of the ramp he lift he camera to get a better look at the structure they have just leave . slowly he move away from he eyepiece . FREEMAN Holy shit ! angle - daniel and o'neil 108 climb the dune across from the obelisk . wind , Daniel reach the top long after o'neil . as Daniel catch he breath he turn to see what o'neil be look at . Daniel be stunne , speechless . daniel' p.0o.v. - the pyramid 109 just like the great one of Egypt , only bigger and without any decay . glorious and breathtaking . loom just beyond the pyramid we see three sun in the sky bear down on we . thrill , exhilated and frighten , o'neil and Daniel stand there in total awe . too overwhelm to speak . finally ... daniel ( thrilled ) I know it ! o'neil shoot he a look and head back down the dune . overjoyed , Daniel just stare at the horizon , fill with wonder . halfway down , o'neil turn back to he . 110 42 . o'neil Jackson , what be you wait for ? Daniel turn and follow . angle - obelisk 110 kawalsky and feretti move over to meet o'neil as he walk over from the dune . Freeman continue to video everything . o'neil I want two man secure the hallway lead to the star gate , two man guard the entrance of the structure . Freeman , you and Brown sweep the exterior surroundings ... FREEMAN yes , sir . Daniel rush up from behind . o'neil ... and you , get to work . I want we re-establishing contact within the hour . daniel I need more time . there 's bound to be more structure here , trace of civilization ... o'neil what be you try to say ? daniel look at it ! it 's a exact replica of the great pyramid of giza . we be not go to find any hieroglyphic or pictorial display . we have get to expand we search ... kawalsky and feretti exchange a glance . o' Neil step close to Daniel . o'neil you job be to re-align the star gate and get we back home . can you do it or not ? there 's a long pause as Daniel decide to answer . daniel I can not . o'neil can not or will not ? 43 . feretti lean close to kawalsky who stare at Daniel , piss . feretti what 's he talk about ? daniel if they mark the co-ordinate on tablet back on Earth , there must be something like that here . I just have to find it . kawalsky find it !? that be not the deal ! o'neil Lieutenant . feretti so we be stick here . great . kawalsky you lie son of a bitch . kawalsky shove Daniel , hard . o'neil Lieutenant ! kawalsky freeze . there be a long tense moment as kawalsky finally ease off . o'neil ( cont 'd ) we will set up base camp down here . organize we supplies . kawalsky but Colonel ... o'neil you have you order . reluctantly kawalsky turn and leave , feretti in tow . Daniel stand up behind o'neil who turn back to he . o'neil turn and look at Daniel , cold . after a pregnant beat , o'neil turn and walk away . CUT to : 111 a hammer 111 slam down against a large tent spike . 112 ext . base camp - late afternoon . 112 a shirtless feretti tie down the cover tent ; a larger tent shading several smaller tent beneath . sweating under the intense heat , Brown and Freeman unpack some equipment . 113 114 44 . FREEMAN if we do not return soon , they will just turn it back on from the other side , will not they ? brown who will ? they seal the silo ! do not you get it ? there 's no one there . feretti I be tell you guy , we be stick here ! piss , feretti take out he frustration on another tent post , slam . ext . pyramid - same 113 at the base of the ramp , Daniel struggle carry a heavy box . another soldier bump into he as he pass , easily carry he own load . daniel no problem , I get it . contemptuous , the other soldier do not even look back . Daniel begin the long climb up the dune . int . stargate room - same 114 kawalsky walk over to the wheeled vehicle to pick up the last two crate from its cargo area . kawalsky base camp be set up , Sir . o'neil I have get that one . kawalsky nod . he put back down one of the crate and leave with the other . once go , o'neil move over to the wheeled vehicle , lift off the last crate . he reach into he pocket and produce a strange look tool . kawalsky ( 0.s. ) Sir , permission to speak ? o'neil coolly palm the tool , hide it and turn around . o'neil grant . kawalsky I just want to apologize for lose my cool . it 's just ... this be all so ... overwhelming . 115 45 . o'neil do not let it happen again . o'neil turn away . hurt , kawalsky would like to say more , do not . he leave . o' Neil take the tool , place it into the floor board of the vehicle . as he maneuver the tool , a section of the floor come off , revealing a hide compartment below . o'neil reach in and remove two heavy , sophisticated looking device . place the device on the floor , he adjust something on they , connect the two piece together . join , he open a common lid , expose a small button . as he press it , a square electrical " key " pop up . o'neil pocket the " key " and shut the lid , lock it . CUT to : base camp 115 Daniel struggle up the last few step of the hill . he drop he cargo down , with a thud . exhausted , he sit . daniel anyone have some sun block ... say 100 ? the other turn away , ignore he joke . daniel ( cont 'd ) what 's in all this box , anyway ? Daniel open the box he carry , revealing dozen of gun . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastic ) Jesus . you guy plan on fight a war here ? feretti shoot he a dirty look . feretti do not you have something you should be do ? feretti lift a large duffel and heave it at Daniel , knock he over . the duffel roll from he hand and all he book go tumbling down the other side of the dune . feretti smile to Brown as Daniel reluctantly get up and climb down the dune after he belonging . 116 117 118 119 120 1214 46 . lower dune - continuous 116 Daniel make he way clumsily down the sand , he book be scattered everywhere . as he reach over to pick up the empty duffel , he sees ... hoof print in the sand . deep set print , walk around the next dune . Daniel can not believe it . for a moment he consider go back and tell the other , think better of it and follow the track . next dune 117 as Daniel climb to the top of the next dune he sees the track continue over the next sand dune . Daniel follow . base camp - same 118 o'neil arrive carry the last crate . he look around , turn to feretti . o'neil where 's Jackson ? the Soldiers exchange a glance . feretti he drop he stuff . I think he go to pick it up . feretti point in the direction Daniel go . o'neil signal Brown and kawalsky to follow he . lower dune - continuous 119 o'neil find the book and bag scattered down the sand . across from it several track , the beast ' and Daniel 's . o'neil shoot a look over to he man . sand dune - same 120 as Daniel reach the top of the next dune he see something . he crouch low , not to be see . daniel' p.0o.v. - mastadge 121 climb beyond the next dune we see a large hairy beast . a strange cross between a mammoth and a buffalo , ( call a mastadge ) . Daniel be awestruck . slowly and cautiously , Daniel start to make he way towards it . halfway down , however , the mastadge turn , spot Daniel . Daniel freeze in he track . so do the mastadge . 122 47 . after a long beat where no one move , Daniel take a step forward . the mastadge take a step back . Daniel freeze . the mastadge take a step forward but this time a nervous Daniel take a step back . both freeze . Daniel notice something on the head and neck of the mastadge ; a harness . he reach into he picket and pull out a snicker bar . he peel it and show it to the mastadge . daniel hungry ? with its great nostril , the mastadge sniff the air . Daniel inch closer as the mastadge lower its head . slowly the mastadge move closer to Daniel , cautious . carefully , Daniel lift the bar , closer to the animal 's mouth . we rack focus to : angle - o'neil , brown and kawalsky 122 as they come over the top of the next dune , spot Daniel . kawalsky and Brown lift they weapon . o'neil do not feed it ! Daniel turn , see o'neil , but ignore he . the mastadge stick out its massive tongue and lick the snicker bar . Daniel , nervous , drop the bar . the mastadge lean down and pick it up with its tooth . Daniel smile and move closer to it . he reach out and pet the mastadge . it make a kind of purring SOUND as it eat . it 's cute as hell . it nuzzle Daniel . Daniel turn to o'neil , yell over to he . daniel look , it 's get a harness . it 's domesticate . see ? Daniel lift one of the rein attach to the harness and show it to o'neil . o'neil nod apprehensively , signal he man to lower they rifle . daniel ( cont 'd ) you be a good old boy , be not you . the beast seem to respond . Daniel smile as he run he hand over the mastadge 's head . but when Daniel 's hand touch the beast ear , it rear up , roaring . the mastadge jump up onto its back leg . his rein get catch around Daniel 's leg . scream the mastadge kick and take off running ! Daniel get dragge off along with the beast . 123 124 125 126 127 128 48. o'neil and the lieutenant lift they weapon but the animal be too fast . they watch as Daniel get dragge up and over the next sand dune disappearing from sight . kawalsky ( yell after Daniel ) let go of it ! frustrate , they lower they gun and take off after they . angle - daniel and mastadge Daniel be dragge , scream as he 's pull . twist and bump . his mouth fill with sand . angle - o'neil , kawalsky , and brown . huffing and puffing as they climb the top of the next dune . get Daniel back in sight , they see how fast the mastadge be . wide shot - desert Daniel be pulled away farther and farther from o'neil who chase from behind . no match for the speed beast , the distance between they grow . daniel and mastadge off into the distance , Daniel get drag over a sand dune , out of sight . o'neil , brown and kawalsky come run over a dune , gun raise . suddenly they slow down as they see Daniel , lay in a heap , the mastadge stand over he . the team keep they weapon train on the beast as they approach from a distance . angle - daniel and mastadge Daniel spit out a mouthful of sand as the mastadge lean over and begin to lick he face . daniel argh ! get you stinking breath away from I ! ( yell back to o'neil ) somebody help I ! finally o'neil and he man arrive , but to Daniel 's surprise they pass right by he , lowering they gun . kawalsky ( out of breath ) Holy Jesus . 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 130a 131 49 . Daniel look up , spit out the sand in he mouth . he stand up and join the other at a nearby ledge . he finally see what they see ... daniel p.o.v . - ten thousand people 129 thousands of dark skinned people populate the dune valley below . human , like on Earth , seemingly out of place and time . at the base of the huge dune we see gigantic mining pit ; dark cavity in the sand . dozen of ladder protrude out of the dark pit up the side of the dune . cover with thick mud , they face barely recognizable as human , dozen of worker climb the ladder carry heavy load on they back . at the top of the sand crater we see woman and young worker , sifting through the pile of dirt carry out of the pit . mastadge harness to huge cart , to carry the worker 's cargo . angle - daniel and the other 130 the brutal humanity of this work be a terrifying sight . amaze , they can not believe what they be see . o' Neil lift a pair of binocular , scan the area . o'neil be p.o.v . - through binoculars - mining area 130 a spread across the sand , we see this people carry out back break labor . suddenly a worker in the foreground turn and look directly at US . o'neil lower he glass just as he sees ... the worker all start looking up , spot they . the news spread and more and more worker put down they tool and turn to the hillside . several of the group crowd closer , stare up at the strange visitor . reacting , kawalsky slowly lift he rifle . o'neil reach over , grab the barrel of the gun , stop he . he signal for the other to follow he down the dune . group of worker 131 gather together , move closer . as they assemble they grow quiet , reverent . the team cautiously make they way down the sloping hillside in the tense silence . wind whistling through the hollow pit . the mastadge follow Daniel closely as they head down the hill . 132 50 . wide shot - thousand of worker 132 all stare over at we crew as they arrive just a few yard in front of the assemble crowd . nervously the crew smile out at the worker who stare at they with a mixture of awe and fear . o'neil ( under he breath to Daniel ) okay , Daniel . it 's you turn . daniel I ? o'neil try and talk to they . Daniel have no idea what to do . slowly he walk over , a force smile for the crowd . he step up close to a muddy worker . daniel ( petrify ) re ... hello ? the Worker look at he with curiosity . suddenly a flash of reflect light shine off of the Golden Sun disk around Daniel 's neck . as the worker sees this , he eye widen . suddenly he scream something out , frightening we crew . all at once , the entire assembly in a wave - like chain reaction bow down , flat on the floor . kawalsky ( whisper ) what do he say ? o'neil I do not know . they take a few step closer to Daniel . o'neil ( cont 'd ) what the hell do you tell they , Jackson ? daniel turn back to o'neil , nervous and confuse . daniel nothing . o'neil try to communicate . daniel how ? 133 51 . frustrate o'neil step forward . he singles out one of the worker , a young boy , skaara , sixteen . fill with fear , skaara avert he eye . o' Neil extend he hand . skaara only look at it with mount fright . frustrate , o'neil grab skaara 's hand , shaking it . skaara scream out in fear and take off running . he run as fast as he can until he disappear from view . o'neil turn to Daniel , confuse . daniel ( cont 'd ) so much for communication . o'neil shoot he a look . behind they , Brown lean over one of the pile of mineral stack nearby . he lower a device over it , take reading . kawalsky 's attention be divert to something far away . notice kawalsky look away , Daniel and o'neil turn to see ... decorate mastadge and entourage 133 a elaborately decorate mastadge with a cover carriage on its back come march over through the gather worker , a small entourage surround it as it move . among they , skaara , who look up to the carriage , speak quickly . slowly it make its way through the crowd over to Daniel and the other . it stop and a elderly man , kasuf , the tribe priest step from the carriage . as he get to the front of the crowd he kneel before Daniel . kasuf begin to speak in he language . his head bow , kasuf speak very fast and with reverence . finally , when do , kasuf stand again . this time the entire crowd stand with he , as though a prayer have end . Daniel look at o'neil . o'neil do not look at I . kasuf signal a group of women who approach carry large water basin . sari , twenty , beautiful and painfully shy , step forward and offer some water to Daniel . her hair up in a egyptian look head cover look like the spitting image of Daniel 's egyptian bust . Daniel be stunne , smitten . slowly he accept a drink . she humbly bow she head and then move on to kawalsky . kasuf step forward , again , speak quickly . ask a question . 52 . captivate by sari , it take Daniel a second to snap out of it . he do not know how to respond . a idea hit he and he dig into he pocket and retrieve another snicker bar . Daniel walk over to kasuf , peel the bar . he show it to kasuf . kasuf look at it . he do not understand . Daniel take a bite . in a ceremonial gesture , Daniel hand the bar over to kasuf who reluctantly take it . hesitantly , he take a bite . he like the taste and smile . kasuf anaasar . Daniel be thrilled . he smile back at he . daniel anaasar . please at communicate with Daniel , kasuf wave he arm invitingly towards the direction from which he come . daniel ( cont 'd ) he 's invite we to go with he . kawalsky what make you so sure ? Daniel exaggeratedly repeat kasuf 's gesture . daniel sign language . everyone turn to the Colonel for a decision . he make none . he just stare at the depart kasuf , consider . daniel ( cont 'd ) be not we look for sign of civilization ? obviously we have find it . you want I to get we back home ? this be my best shot . brown Colonel , he 's right . I take some reading on what they be mining . it 's the same material as the Star Gate . look at the face of the mud cover worker , o'neil finally make a decision . o'neil give I the radio . CUT to : 134 135 136 53 . ext . base camp - same 134 the wind have kick up . feretti and another soldier struggle to re- tie the main tent to a post . FREEMAN ( yell over ) feretti ! I have get o'neil on the radio . feretti hurry over to Freeman . feretti ( into mic ) yes , Sir ... worried , the remain member of the team huddle close . feretti ( cont 'd ) can you repeat that sir? ( long pause ) okay , sir. yes , sir. he hang up , a strange look on he face . he turn to the man . FREEMAN be they come back ? feretti be reluctant to answer . finally ... feretti this be not good . I be tell you guy , this be not good . CUT to : ext . desert - wide shot - late afternoon 135 over the boundless sea of sand dune we pan down a endless caravan of worker make they way across the desert . kasuf lead the procession , we crew in tow . angle - daniel and mastadge 136 Daniel blows he nose into a kleenex , draw strange look from the worker . Daniel 's attention , however , be on the beautiful sari who walk across from he . suddenly the mastadge bump Daniel playfully from behind . Daniel ignore it as he continue to gaze at sari . the mastadge do it again . skaara , who hold the rein of the mastadge , giggle at Daniel 's plight . daniel ( to mastadge ) cut it out . 137 138 139 140 54 . scold , the mastadge nuzzle the back of Daniel 's neck try to make up . Daniel take out the remainder of he last snicker bar and feed it to the mastadge who happily chew it . daniel ( cont 'd ) here . now stop bugging I . o'neil ( turn back ) I tell you not to feed it . now you will never get rid of that stupid thing . again , the mastadge playfully bump Daniel from behind . kawalsky ( to Brown ) at least somebody like he . suddenly the convoy stop . ahead , kasuf stop and turn back towards Daniel , point off into the distance . as Daniel walk closer he can see ... daniel' travelling p.o.v . - nagada - sunset the ancient village of the people of this planet set snugly at the base of a rocky hillside . a huge settlement . people milling around the gate surround it . ext . nagada valley - minute later - sunset the long caravan make its way down into this valley . the town 's people rush over to get a look at the strange guest of kasuf . angle - kasuf at the front of the convoy , Daniel and the team walk along with kasuf . the mastadge still follow behind . suddenly skaara , pull the mastadge away join several other young shepherd boy who corral the mastadge . the mastadge whine a cry of protest as he get pull away from Daniel . int . nagada village - continuous pass through the enormous gate to the village , Daniel and the team be amaze at what they see . hundred of people cram into this narrow street to get a look at the visitor . as they reach the end of the street , they reach a elevate platform . kasuf give a signal and a curtain fall , revealing ... 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 55 . golden SUN disk 141 this gold SUN disk , two meter in diameter , hang above the platform . Daniel be totally astonished . daniel the sign of ra , the egyptian Sun god. ( to o'neil ) they worship he . they must think he send we here . o'neil what give they that idea ? slowly Daniel lift the Sun disk hang from he neck . as he do , all the worker surround they bow down . even kasuf kneel . o'neil and he man exchange a worried look . Daniel stare up at the SUN disk . we dissolve to the image of the planet 's three setting sun , disappear behind the dune . dissolve to : burst of flame 142 ignites in a fireball . the sound of cheer follow by percussion instrument , primitive music . widen to reveal : ext . village - STREET - night 143 a group of woman carry trays of food pass . as we track with they we see the entire town have come out for a celebration . we follow the woman through the crowd over to the platform where Daniel and the team sit with the town elder . as the food arrive we see sari , among the woman , serve the people on the platform . kawalsky ( whisper ) I do not think we should be eat anything . daniel they might consider that a insult . just then a tray be lower before Daniel . a desert reptile 144 a cook beastie even ethiopian would not eat . Daniel look like he 's go to be sick . 145 56 . o'neil you do not want to offend they , now do you , Jackson ? Daniel look at o'neil , worried . in fact , no one on the team want to eat . they all exchange nervous glance . kasuf and the elder turn , wait for they to start . o'neil ( cont 'd ) go on , eat . reluctantly Daniel lean over and take a fleshy piece of slimy meat . he take a deep breath , shut he eye , and eat it . everyone stare at he . finally after a long pause ... daniel ( chew ) tastes like chicken . sari 145 kneel down next to Daniel , offer he some bread . for the first time he see she with she hair down , look all the more lovely . he just stare at she for a long awkward beat . sari will not look directly at he . Daniel be completely enamor . o'neil Jackson . Daniel just smile stupidly at sari . the elder and kasuf turn , notice the interaction . they discuss it with interest . o'neil ( cont 'd ) Jackson . nervous and embarrassed , sari hand he the bowl and retreat . the spell break , Daniel turn back to o'neil . daniel ( absently ) yeah ? o'neil ( impatient ) do you think you can keep you mind on what we be here for ? daniel oh , I can not make it out . they language sound familiar , a bit like berber , or maybe chadic , or omotic ? I can not tell . 146 147 57 . o'neil ( be : above disk ) you say that be a egyptian symbol . daniel yes . o'neil stands to reason , if they know one egyptian symbol ... daniel ... they ' 1ll know more . let I try . Daniel stand , walk before the town elder . with everyone 's attention lock on Daniel , he kneel down in front of the elder and begin to draw in the sand . the elder lean forward to get a look . Daniel show they a quickly draw hieroglyphic symbol . instantly the elder react , turn to each other , speak quickly , obviously upset . worried he 's do the wrong thing . Daniel try write something else . the moment the draw can be see , the elder instantly retreat , back down off the platform , averting you eye . the crowd begin to murmur . the elder clearly distraught . as Daniel try to write something completely different , kasuf rush over and wipe out the drawing in the sand . o'neil what 's happen here , Jackson ? daniel I do not know . look how they be reacting . it 's like ... ( turn back ) ... write be forbidden to they . realizing they hope of find the clue to the gate be go , the team grow silent in despair . suddenly through the restless sound of the crowd we hear the echoing SOUND of a horn . Daniel look up to see ... a lookout 146 up top of the village a young lookout , lift a small horn , and again sound a alarm that reverberate through the street . angle - STREET 147 reacting to the SOUND , the people quickly begin to gather belonging and disperse . tables and cushion be dragge away . a cloth be dropped over the SUN disk , cover it . 148 58 . Doors be locked , window shut . kawalsky and Brown rush to o'neil and Daniel , nervous . kawalsky what be they do ? brown Colonel , I do not like the look of this ... before Brown can finish he think , we see the two huge entrance door at the end of the street begin to close . o'neil we be get out of here . quickly o'neil lead the team through the crowd , down the street . daniel why ? wait ...! ignore , the team continue without he . Daniel rush to catch up . as the team move down the street people reach out , try to stop they . knocked aside , the soldier push onward . angle - front entrance door 148 just as they shut . two young men rush over and lock it down with a crossbar . o'neil move quickly to the door , kawalsky and Brown behind . o'neil open that door ! o'neil reach for the crossbar . one of the Young Men grab he wrist . in lightning speed , o'neil twist the Young man 's arm behind he back and slam he into the door . quickly o'neil draw he pistol , shove it into the side of the Young man 's head . he scream out , but of course we can not understand he . daniel no , do not ! kasuf and the elder push through the crowd . sari watch from the side , apprehensive . skaara and the shepherd boy , across from she , be glue to the action , peer through the mob . as the crowd move closer , o'neil aim he pistol high and fire . kawalsky and Brown lift they weapon , ready for a fight . the crowd quickly retreat . skaara be amazed . 149 150 151 152 59 . the crowd remain silent , frighten they have upset the god . o'neil hold the Young man tight . a standoff . suddenly Brown 's radio squelch on . Brown lift it to he ear , listen . brown Sir , I can not make this out . ext . base camp - sand STORM - night 149 a huge sand STORM blast around the man who try to pack what they can as they retreat from base camp . feretti hold the radio , yell into it on the move . the tent tear apart behind they . feretti ... we have to abandon base camp . I repeat ... feretti usher he man onward as he fight he way through . ext . nagada - entrance door - same 150 o'neil press the radio close to he ear . only every third word be hear through the intense static . o'neil ( yell into com ) feretti , I can not hear you . say again ? int . pyramid entrance - same 151 through a wall of white sand , shape appear , rush towards we . as we dolly back , we see that the team have reach the safety of the pyramid entrance . they collapse from exhaustion . feretti ( into radio ) do you copy ? do you copy ? but only loud static can be hear . feretti turn to the nervous face of the other soldier . ext . nagada - entrance door - same 152 frustrate , o'neil give up , shut the radio off . o'neil damn it . the crowd still stare intently . kawalsky and Brown hold they gun at the ready . suddenly o'neil feel a tug at he shirt ; skaara , the young shepherd boy . o'neil spin towards he . skaara back off quickly . move over to a ladder , he motion for o'neil to follow he . 153 154 60 . o'neil look over to Daniel who can only shrug . o'neil ( cont 'd ) ( to kawalsky ) stay here . o'neil follow skaara . angle - top of the nagada gate - continuous 153 skaara reach the top and move to the side . o' Neil follow . his face register a important sight . o'neil be p.o.v . - sand STORM 154 move quickly we see a wall of sand move towards the town . kawalsky Sir , what be it ? o'neil Sand storm . come this way . daniel well , that would have be a excellent reason to shoot everyone . Daniel move over to the two soldier , force they to lower they gun . Daniel turn back to kasuf , attempt to signal the tension be over . kasuf nod and call out to the back of the crowd . o'neil ( yell down ) we will stay ' till the storm be over . Brown and kawalsky exchange a look . a commotion behind they , they turn to see a group of elderly women push they way through the crowd over to Daniel , surround he place a shawl over he shoulder . they giggle as they slowly pulla surprised Daniel down the street . the crowd laugh as they depart , move to shelter . the only one not laugh be sari who watch Daniel pass . Daniel yell back to o'neil . daniel should I go with they ? I could stay ... I will go . it will be fine . the woman begin to toss strange powder over Daniel 's head as they enter a building down the street . kawalsky lean close to Brown . kawalsky I hope they cook he . 155 156 157 158 159 61 . ext . pyramid sand STORM night 155 the sand storm have hit full force . we can barely make out the entrance to the pyramid through the murky sky . int . pyramid entrance - same - night 156 feretti shield he eye as he stand in the doorway look out at the storm . the image of the moon scarcely pierce through the whirling sand . feretti turn and walk back into the main entrance hall . moon above pyramid - same - night 157 just as we see in the open , a shadow be cast across the moon , blotting it out . something move in the sky above the storm . int . entrance hall - same - night 158 feretti walk over to the group of soldier who surround the radio . feretti ( into radio ) this be base . do you read ? FREEMAN you be waste the battery . feretti shut off the radio and place he helmet over it . FREEMAN ( cont 'd ) we be not go to get anything during this storm . we will try again after it pass . feretti if it pass . I be station in the Middle East and I have never see anything like it . I be tell you guy , this be not good . there be a silent moment . suddenly they all hear the SOUND of rattling metal . they turn and see feretti 's helmet shaking against the radio . slowly Freeman remove the helmet , the radio jostling underneath . suddenly the flare box begin to shake . soon , all they equipment begin to rattle . suddenly the entire room begin to rumble . a eerie , unnatural hum begin to grow in volume . the man exchange worried glance . ext . pyramid - same - night 159 above the intense storm a shape begin to take form , loom above we . the roar intensify . 160 161 162 163 164 165 165a 166 62 . the shape begin to pierce through the turbulence . we can see it 's some kind of alien object . bright light darting off its side as it grow near . as the cloudy sand be blown away , we can clearly see it 's a pyramid shape space craft . landing arm extend as it lower itself down over the top of the pyramid . int . entrance hall - same 160 the room be now shaking violently . frightened , the man grab they weapon . they have no idea what 's happen . quickly they group together . ext . pyramid - same 161 the arm of the craft lock into place as the craft fit itself onto the peak of the pyramid . int . entrance hall - same 162 from the impact , the Soldiers be knocked off they foot . ext . pyramid - same 163 once in place , the craft begin to OPEN , unfolding and expose the technical detail of the craft . int . stargate room - medallion room - same - night 164 with the Star Gate see in the background , we can see a thin laser trace the outline of the medallion on the floor . something be happen , ignite . int . entrance hall - same 165 they gun point in every direction , the man be huddle together , ready for a fight . FREEMAN ( yell over roar ) what the hell be happen ? int . sarcophagus room - same 165a in the center of the room we see a large sarcophagus , its side slowly lowering , revealing the figure of a man who lay inside . traveling p.o.v . - shaking - same 166 move swiftly down the dark corridor of the interior of the pyramid , we move towards the unsuspecting Soldiers ahead of we . as we near , one of the Soldiers spot US , lift he weapon . quickly the other spin , take aim at we . 167 168 169 170 63 . but we keep come at they . at the same time they FIRE , but nothing can stop US . we move directly into Freeman 's scream face . suddenly we flash CUT onto ... anubis - extreme close up 167 a jackal head creature , in we face . CUT to : ext . nagada - night 168 the sand storm continue to surround the village . int . daniel' sleeping chamber - same - night 169 seat on a stool in the middle of the room , Daniel be beset by the elderly town 's woman who fuss over he with wash cloth and comb . completely uncomfortable , Daniel try to be polite and endure as much as he can . but when the woman begin to wash he ear and nose , Daniel shake they off . daniel okay , okay . thank you . that 's enough . alright . the elderly woman retreat , bow and giggle as they exit he room . finally go , Daniel breathes a sigh of relief . suddenly he hear some whispering . he turn back towards the doorway . angle doorway - curtain 170 the curtain rustle , then part . sari step through dress in a ceremonial robe . she walk into the chamber towards Daniel . nervous , Daniel get to he foot , he heart in he throat . as she make she way closer to Daniel , she unty she robe let it fall to the floor , revealing she beautiful naked body . she stare at the floor , sadly . daniel ( cont 'd ) what ..? uh ... no . Daniel rush over , pick up she robe . daniel ( cont 'd ) do not ... that 's not necessary . he wrap the robe back around she , cover she . she do not understand . she look at he , scared she 's displease he . 171 172 64 . daniel ( cont 'd ) it 's not that I ... I mean ... you be beautiful but ... uh ... realizing she can not understand , Daniel gently turn she back towards the entrance , tenderly escort she . at the curtain he turn to she . daniel ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . you should go . her eye fill with tear . Daniel open the curtain for she to leave , revealing ... the town' elder 171 all gather just outside he chamber , crowd the bridge between the building . Daniel stare out at the unexpected ensemble . kasuf look over at sari , see she tear and speak angrily to she . sari be frighten and in trouble . Daniel , realize this , suddenly smile and wave to the crowd . daniel just want to say ... ( for lack of better ) ... thanks . thank you very much . Daniel wave and bow as he escort sari back into he chamber . quickly he shut the curtain behind he . now sari be totally confuse . again she start to disrobe . daniel ( cont 'd ) no , no , that 's okay . again , Daniel gently stop she , motion for she to sit down on the sleep mat . she do . he cross the room and sit down a safe distance away . daniel ( cont 'd ) look like you have get a roommate for the night . there be a long embarrassing pause as the two sit in awkward silence . CUT to : int . o' neil sleeping chamber - same 172 Brown and kawalsky sit next to the radio . Brown readjust the dial . kawalsky stare at o'neil who stand at the window on the other side of the room . kawalsky ( whisper to Brown ) o'neil seem strange to you ? ( more ) 173 174 65 . kawalsky ( cont 'd ) the way he 's take all this . like , no big deal . brown maybe he know something we do not . angle - o'neil 173 o'neil ' stand by the window , watch the storm . unseen , skaara enter through the doorway . spot o'neill 's holster pistol lay on the mattress , skaara slowly creep towards the gun . just as he reach for it ... o'neil no! dangerous . somehow skaara understand . quickly he back off . o'neil pull out a pack of cigarettes , light one . as the lighter ignites , skaara jump to he foot , frighten . o'neil ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . it 's just a lighter . o'neil toss the lighter to skaara . he light it over and over again . skaara take one of o'neil 's cigarettes out of the pack on the bed , light it , mimick o'neil . o'neil cast a sidelong glance at the boy . he sit down and lean he head back against the wall . skaara do the same thing . beat . o'neil flick the ash of he cigarette . skaara copy he every move . skaara and o'neil sit there for a moment . skaara 's start to feel pretty confident by this point . o' Neil see this . he take a deep drag off he cigarette and audibly inhales , deeply , exhaling a cloud of smoke . feeling cocky , skaara imitate o'neil . the minute the smoke reach he lung , he eye go wide , then fill with tear . he start coughing he gut up . o'neil suppress a smile . CUT to : int . daniel' sleeping chamber - same - night 174 neither have move . there 's another awkward pause . finally Daniel smile . daniel I be Daniel ... Daniel . sari point to herself , repeat Daniel . 175 66 . sari dan-el . daniel no , er , I . Daniel . sari get it , point to Daniel . sari dan-el . daniel yes. Daniel . there 's a long pause . slowly sari point to herself . sari sari . daniel sari , yes . there be another awkward pause . daniel ( cont 'd ) we come from the pyramid . she do not understand . Daniel kneel down and draw a pyramid in the sand cover floor . again , sari only stare at it . Daniel grow frustrated and walk to the window . sari keep stare at the draw . she reach over and draw something over it . slowly Daniel turn back , curious to see sari augment the draw . he move close to see she 's draw a circle and a line above the pyramid ; the same symbol Daniel discover on the tablet . daniel ( cont 'd ) that 's the sign for Earth ! you know this symbol ? she look back up at he . int . mastadge corral - same 175 with the mastadge in the background , all the shepherd boy be surround skaara who hold o'neil 's lighter for everyone to see , the wind from the storm continue to howl outside . suddenly skaara light the lighter . the boy jump back in fear . skaara laugh as the boy re-approach to examine the lighter . suddenly there be a banging SOUND . skaara turn and see Daniel 's mastadge , bang he head against the corral door . 176 177 178 179 180 181 67 . angle - mastadge 176 as skaara walk over and calm the mastadge down he sees what the mastadge be reacting to ... skaara' p.o.v . - daniel and sari 177 move down the street , disappear between the building . ext . nagada - side STREET - same 178 a torch in she hand , sari lead Daniel over to the end of a small street at the side of the village . behind a stairwell , she show Daniel a large boulder lean against the wall . she try to push it . Daniel help she and together they move it away from the wall revealing a small tunnel . sari check to see if they have be observe . the coast clear , sari duck inside . Daniel follow . int . substructure - continuous - night 179 they crawl beneath the structure through the dirt reach a hide set of stair lead downward . sari point down the stair . Daniel take the torch and walk down , sari follow . erode and musty wall surround the stair . Daniel make it to the bottom of the stair that lead directly to a dirt cover wall . the symbol for Earth engrave in its center . astonish , Daniel run he finger around the surround wall . his finger push through some dirt , until he 's able to dig out the archway surround the symbol ; he uncover a door . realizing it 's a door , Daniel be able to dig into the door , give he something to grip . he pull with all he might . slowly the door open . sari 's eye go wide . Daniel be nervous but excited . cautiously they make they way through the doorway . int . catacomb - same 180 behind the door we find the long narrow ancient catacomb , obviously build century ago . Daniel hold he torch up to the wall revealing ... hieroglyphics and drawing 181 cover every bit of wall space , all the way down this narrow passage way . Daniel turn to sari , stunne . sari , too , have never see any of this . she 's frighten . Daniel continue down the wall , try to make sense out of this picture story . 68 . 182 daniel be p.o.v . - picture story 182 as we move down the wall we see ... the now familiar symbol for Earth ... then animal head warrior ( anubis , horus , thoth ) ... take child ... family rip apart . Daniel and sari lean close . the image disturbing , harsh . they move the torch down the wall . the next drawing depict ... slave herde together ... the warrior brutalize they ... shepherd they across the desert over to ... the STAR gate . alongside this picture , Daniel sees the first of some hieroglyphic symbol . daniel the symbol for slavery ... seama ! sari ( correct ) seema ? surprise , he turn to sari . daniel ( point to symbol ) semer ? sari seema . daniel seema ! quickly Daniel rush over to another symbol , point . daniel ( cont 'd ) nefer ? sari wrinkle she brow , she do not understand . she walk over , close , stare uncomprehendingly at the symbol . Daniel try another pronunciation . daniel ( cont 'd ) nefeer ? sari ( correct ) nefaar ? daniel nefaar ! yes ! teach I to speak . teach ... um ... takera . sari takeer ? 183 184 185 186 187 69 . Daniel smile . frightened , she return it . CUT to : ext . nagada - pre-dawn the last dust of the sand storm be settling . the night be soon over . int . o' neil sleeping chamber - per - dawn o'neil stand over Brown who work the radio . brown nothing . o'neil more interference ? brown no . they be simply not there . kawalsky ( 0.s. ) Colonel ! o'neil walk out of the room , onto the bridge . o' neil be p.o.v . - kawalsky in STREET kawalsky come rush down the street . kawalsky ( cont 'd ) Jackson 's not in he room . I can not find he anywhere . kawalsky hold up Daniel 's jacket . mastadge corral skaara and the other shepherd boy work the corral . skaara turn , look down the street he sees o'neil meeting up with kawalsky . angle - kawalsky and o'neil o'neil take Daniel 's jacket from he . o'neil we have lose radio contact . get Brown . find Daniel . I want to leave as soon as possible . kawalsky yes , sir. kawalsky salute as he take off . skaara watch from the corral , practice a salute . 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 70 . just then o'neil turn , spot he and march over . o'neil I be look for Jackson ... of course they can not understand a word . o'neil hold up Daniel 's jacket . o'neil ( cont 'd ) Jackson , see . Jackson . they do not get it at all . instead they suddenly all begin to salute . o' Neil be not good at this and he know it . o'neil ( cont 'd ) Jackson . uh , like this . Jackson . o'neil form circle with he hand and hold they over he eye imitate glass . the boy copy he movement , hold they cup hand over they eye . they all giggle . o'neil ( cont 'd ) no. I mean ... add the final touch , o'neil sneeze . suddenly skaara realize . he run over to o'neil and snatch the jacket away from he . he rush off with it across the corral . skaara hold it up to the nose of Daniel 's mastadge . suddenly the mastadge rear up , roaring . quickly skaara open the corral gate and the mastadge race out . come around the corner , kawalsky and Brown have to leap out of the way as the mastadge charge past . o'neil ( cont 'd ) smart kid . CUT to : black screen 188 until the flicker light of a torch be move into frame . now we see print on a wall the drawing of ... a young boy , bath in light from a pyramid above he ... the boy adorn in pharaoh clothing , the animal head warrior bow to he ... widen to reveal : int . catacomb - per -dawn 189 Daniel move the torch slowly over the wall . to we surprise he say something to sari in she own language . she respond in kind . 71 . o'neil ( 0.s. ) I think you could not speak they language . Daniel spin , he torch illuminate o'neil who stand before he , skaara at he side . startle , Daniel have to catch he breath . daniel it 's ancient egyptian . I just do not know how to pronounce it . no one have hear it speak in over two thousand year . o'neil Jackson , what be all this ? behind he we see kawalsky and Brown roam through , fascinate by what they see . daniel a history of the people who first come to this world . Daniel turn back to the tableau on the wall , point to it . daniel ( cont 'd ) look , here , this be ra , the God this people worship . he be a young boy , take by people from distant star who turn he into a God . he point to the drawing of the boy become a pharaoh . daniel ( cont 'd ) once a God , ra betrayed he own people , enslave they to serve he master . Daniel point to a series of drawing of ra , ruling he people . o'neil suddenly become very interested . slowly we push in close as we study o'neil 's intense curiosity . daniel ( cont 'd ) they teach he how to build the great pyramid of giza . they give he eternal life . they make he ruler of all mankind . and in return he give they ... people . Daniel stop read , turn back to o'neil . 190 191 72 . daniel ( cont 'd ) worker for the mine . he sell out man in order to be a God . o'neil look concerned , lose in think . there be a pregnant pause as he take this all in . kawalsky ( 0.s. ) Jackson , I think you better take a look at this . at the end of the corridor , kawalsky step out , hold a flash light . angle - other corridor 190 Daniel , o'neil and sari join kawalsky and Brown who stare in awe at something before they ... altar 191 enshrine in sacred writings , this whole section be dedicated to a single cartouche at the wall 's center , half bury in the sand . we recognise the cartouche as the same one we see on the tablet . Daniel rush over to it , examine , digging out the cover portion of the cartouche . the other crowd in behind he , anxious , tense . daniel they must have keep it here in hope that one day the gate to Earth could be reopen . this definitely match the sign on the Star Gate . but as Daniel 's hand move down the six main symbol , we discover the last piece of the cartouche have broken off . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( panicked ) where 's the seventh sign ? frantically Daniel dig in the dirt look for something . realizing what he be do , the team drop to the ground , digging . sari , not understanding , hold the torch . daniel ( cont 'd ) I think I get it ! he pull a piece of fracture wall out of the dirt . it fit in perfectly with the cartouche , but the piece be worn clear . the symbol be gone . Daniel and the soldier be stunned . they hope of return home , dash . probably forever . o' Neil get a determine look in he eye . he turn , make he way out . 192 193 194 195 196 73. o'neil we be head back . daniel but it will not work without the last symbol . o' Neil do not even look back . CUT to : ext . nagada - dawn 192 Sand pour through as the front gate to nagada open . o'neil lead we team as they march out through the gate . at the back of the pack , Daniel trail behind , look back over he shoulder . we crane up to the bridge above the gate just as sari come rush over . she stop at the top of the gate , stare at the man as they depart . angle - team - sand dune - same 193 with new resolve , o'neil march ahead . there 's something different about he now . a adamant look in he eye . kawalsky hurry up , Jackson . o'neil forget he . he 's useless to we now . surprise kawalsky look over at Brown who can only shrug . behind they Daniel look back at sari . daniel be p.o.v . - sari 194 as we pull back away from she . sadly , she watch he depart . ext . desert - dune - morning 195 silhouett against the rise sun we see the lonely image of the team walk across the dune . indefatigable , o'neil press on . kawalsky wipe he brow as Brown take a swig from he canteen . Daniel catch up with they and reach out for a drink but Brown pull it away . kawalsky turn , spot something . kawalsky' p.0.v . - skaara and boy 196 skaara and the shepherd boy come rush up over the dune . playfully want to join up with they . kawalsky Sir , I think you make some friend . 197 198 199 200 74 . o'neil turn and see they . o'neil Jackson , get rid of they . o'neil press onward as Daniel tell they to leave , but they follow regardless . o' Neil look back . o'neil ( cont 'd ) I say , get rid of em ! daniel I try . o'neil stop , draw he pistol and fire towards the boy , he bullet ripping into the sand in front of they . daniel ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! the boy jump back , tumble down the sand . quickly they retreat behind a dune . daniel ( cont 'd ) you do not have to do that ! o'neil simply turn and march on . even kawalsky and Brown be shocked . as the team disappear over the next dune ... skaara 197 poke he head back up from behind the last dune . hurt and betrayed , skaara sadly watch the team walk away . CUT to : ext . dune - later - day 198 several yard ahead of the team , o'neil continue , undaunted . together they climb a steep dune . as they near the top they see o'neil suddenly drop to he knee . reacting , the soldier rush up the hill . Daniel , not understanding , hurry to catch they . turn back , kawalsky wave for he to drop . Daniel do , crawl to meet they . daniel be p.0o.v. - pyramid 199 as Daniel clear the top of the dune we reveal the pyramid with the space craft perch on top . pyramid space craft 200 for the first time we can clearly see the breadth of this amazing vessel , ornate and technical at the same time . unfold , the craft nearly cover the entire pyramid it sit on . the team stare in awe . 201 202 203 75 . there 's a long pause . o'neil lift a small pair of binocular and sees the half bury base camp , destroy and abandon . suddenly o'neil snap a clip into he rifle . o' neil Lieutenant , I have get to get to the stargate at all cost . cover I . kawalsky but Sir ... suddenly o'neil take off , scurrying down the dune , make he way to the pyramid entrance . kawalsky ( cont 'd ) shit ! Jackson , stay close . daniel what be happen here ? kawalsky throw he rifle to Daniel , draw he pistol . Daniel be totally confuse . kawalsky ready ? nervously , Brown nod . kawalsky take off after o'neil . ext . entrance ramp - same 201 o'neil have take a position behind the obelisk . he see the team make they way down . he wave they on towards the entrance . angle - skaara and shepherd boy 202 climb up behind another dune , they spy down the hill at o'neil as he move towards the entrance . ext . entrance platform - continuous 203 o'neil take cover next to the entrance door meeting up with the rest of the squad . o'neil two team . Lieutenant , you and Brown take the rear . o' Neil dart inside . Daniel do not know what to do . kawalsky go ! Daniel follow o'neil . 204 205 206 207 208 209 210 211 76 . int . pyramid entrance - continuous 204 column by column , o'neil make he way down the large entrance hall . clumsily Daniel haul the rifle behind . as they enter they see feretti 's radio , the helmet , assort equipment . Daniel swallow hard . behind they , kawalsky and Brown creep down the opposite row of column , weapon ready . just as they pass we see a shadow move across the wall behind they . ext . pyramid entrance - shepherd boy - same 205 the shepherd boy sneak up the side of the structure . skaara creep up a dune over to a small window . daniel and o'neil 206 press against a column . o'neil move forward , choose he path . Daniel look back , something move . he lean the opposite direction just in time to see ... shadow 207 a huge shadow , human form but with a hawk - like head . Daniel react , turn to o'neil but o'neil be gone . scare , Daniel grip the rifle tight . brown 208 Brown step out from behind a column when whack , something hit he across the head , spinning he . as he recover blast , a strange power burst to he shoulder , slamming he against the post . window - skaara 209 peer in through a window we see skaara strain to see inside . skaara' p.0.v . - brown 210 writhing in pain , Brown scream as horus slam the rear of he weapon into he . skaara 's eye go wide with fear as he retreat to tell the other . o'neil 211 spin , see something and leap out of the way as a power burst explode into the column behind he . kawalsky jump out firing . out of nowhere he weapon be smashed , knock out of he hand . he spin , he eye widen as he sees ... 212 213 214 215 77 . horus 212 body of a man , the head , a metallic texture sculpture of a hawk . he swing he weapon at kawalsky who grab hold with all he strength . kawalsky grapples with horus who twist he weapon free , then smashes it into kawalsky 's chest . holding he rifle tentatively , Daniel step out from behind a column just in time to see ... kawalsky sail across the hallway , slamming into a column , collapse in a heap . just then Daniel sees horus crossing the hallway , move in on kawalsky . Daniel be in total shock , he eye wide with fear . stand out there , he 's a sit duck . suddenly a hand reach for he and grab he , yanking he back to safety . o'neil 213 hold Daniel tight against the wall , lean close to he face . o'neil ( cont 'd ) cover I . daniel wha ...? o'neil make a dash for the door lead to the stargate . Daniel gather he strength and follow , attempt to cover the rear as he run . int . grand gallery - continuous 214 a flare tumble towards we , o'neil rush up from behind . in the flicker light we see Daniel , stumbling after o'neil try to keep he rifle point to the rear . int . stargate room - moment later 215 the darkness be break with another flare as it roll towards we . o'neil rush through the medallion room straight over to the wheeled vehicle stand next to the stargate . Daniel race in , move over towards o'neil . o'neil ( scolding ) get back to the door ! daniel what about kawalsky and Brown ? o'neil you hear I , move ! Daniel reluctantly move over towards the medallion , aim he gun into the Grand Gallery . 216 217 78. o'neil retrieve the electric key from he pocket . he turn a dial and a red light begin to flash . daniel what be you do ?! o'neil I say cover I , goddamnit ! o'neil take out the tool and open the secret compartment of the vehicle only to find it empty . o' Neil be in total SHOCK . o'neil ( cont 'd ) it 's go ! piss and scared , Daniel turn back to o'neil . daniel what be ? just as Daniel turn a laser trace the edge of the medallion on the floor . a beam appear just as the image of a man materialize behind Daniel 's back . fully realize , we see it 's anubis , he weapon aim . o'neil look up and sees anubis . slowly he lift he arm in surrender . see this Daniel spin , he rifle shaking in nervous hand . o'neil ( suddenly calm ) Jackson , put it down . anubis step into the flicker light of the flare . for the first time we can see the detail of this strange creature . stepping close , he run he palm beneath he weapon and the barrel snap OPEN ready to fire . Daniel lower he rifle . int . space craft - medallion room - continuous 216 like the medallion below , a laser trace the floor , illuminate this dark room . once surround the medallion , shape begin to form . soon we see it 's o'neil , Daniel and anubis . the beam vanish and a circular door slide open . int . ra' throne chamber - continuous 217 as the door open we find horus wait . he and anubis lead Daniel and o'neil into the room . suddenly a loud SOUND be hear and the wall before they slowly begin to part . 218 219 220 221 79 . ext . pyramid - space craft - top section - day 218 slowly the top of the pyramid begin to OPEN up , the planet 's three sun behind it . the panele slide back revealing the palace beneath . int . ra' throne chamber - same 219 they march down the center of this beautiful palace room . Light begin to stream in from the opening above . they reach the far wall of the room and horus throws Daniel to the floor . o'neil spin , ready to fight . daniel ( stage whisper ) kneel . reluctantly o'neil turn and bow down to he knee . Daniel look up from the ground and see a golden SUN disk adorn the wall before he . from all around sunlight pour in , bathing Daniel and o'neil in bright light . as the light reach the SUN disk , the door in front of they slide OPEN revealing another room . stand in front of a large set of stair lead to a platform , we see a dozen human child , range from 9 to 17 year of age , elaborately dress , huddle together , block we view . slowly they peel away from the center revealing ... pharaoh king RA 220 perched on he throne , adorn with jewel and headdress like a ancient pharaoh , RA look like a live version of the mask of tutankhamun , part humanoid , part other worldly . Daniel and o'neil , who look up at the strange creature before they . there be a long awkward silence as ra examine they from he perch . turn away , ra lift he hand , point to anubis . anubis 221 touch a switch on the collar of he outfit and suddenly the jackal head morp into the cold but handsome face of a human , the real man behind the mask . ra turn towards horus , who also begin to change shape . his Hawk mask peel back to reveal the man underneath ; a dark skinned North African with joyless eye . neither o'neil nor Daniel can believe they own eye as this creature unmask before they . Daniel nervously look up towards ra. after a long beat ra give a nod to the child . 222 80 . two young boy walk up from behind ra carry a tray . o'neil 's device , steal from the wheeled vehicle , lay dismantle on the tray . the child place it in front of Daniel and o'neil . Daniel stare at it confuse . o' Neil only stare at ra defiantly . Daniel notice the English word and number print around the device . he turn to o'neil , bewilder . daniel ( whisper ) what be that ? o'neil only continue he glare to ra. Daniel begin to panic , he mind racing . daniel ( cont 'd ) that 's what you be look for . what you could not find ... Daniel look back to ra who stare down at they , cold . turn back to the device , Daniel start to realize what he 's look at . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( incredulous ) ... you be go to destroy this place !? why ? suddenly ra stand . as we push in we see ... RA - close - sfx 222 suddenly ra 's entire shape begin to morph , he image shifting and change . his golden skin peel away as he headdress retract behind he head , revealing a beautiful young man / child , RA . though ten thousand year have pass , he look but slightly older than when we see he in the film 's open . as ra be unveil , horus and anubis bow they head . see this from the corner of he eye , o'neil seize the opportunity . he pop up , throw a shoulder into anubis ' chest , wrest he weapon from he . he slam anubis with the butt end , knock he to the floor . in one swift move , he copy the gesture he see anubis make and snap the weapon OPEN and fire at horus , catch he in the shoulder , spinning he to the floor . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( panicked ) no! do not ! stop it ! but o'neil turn , take quick aim and fire at ra. just as the power blast leave the weapon a clear shield form around ra . the power blast be deflected . 223 224 225 226 227 228 81 . horus grab he weapon , spin . Daniel step between they , scream out to they in they language . but , too date , | horus fire . the blast rip into daniel killing he . second blast hit o'neil in the shoulder , cut into he . o' Neil hit the floor , writhe in intense pain . ra step down from he throne . he walk towards anubis , retrieve he fall weapon . for a moment we think he may kill he . instead he throws the weapon at he . ra walk over to Daniel , stare down at he lifeless body when something catch he eye . ra kneel down , reach over and touch the SUN disk around Daniel 's neck . SUN disk - necklace - extreme close up hanging from Daniel 's neck , ra finger the golden sun disk examine it . dissolve to : ext . dune - day slowly Daniel 's mastadge appear behind a dune and howl , a single beautiful note of pain . ext . base camp buried in the sand , a expose tent flap be pulled aside and the shepherd boy see Daniel 's mastadge appear behind they . they turn back , digging for more treasure . skaara uncover one of the soldier 's helmet . he show it to the other boy . just then a loud hum be hear . the boy look up to see ... glider BAY - space craft the glider bay open and two glider shoot out into the sky . angle - shepherd boy the boy duck for cover under the tent as the two glider sail past , disappear from view . int . holding cell - same a square hole in the ceiling open as the bar that cover it recede . unconscious , o'neil body drop through , landing with a splash into the shallow muddy water of this cell . the cold water revive he , o'neil bolt up awaken . suddenly two arm grab he . still in shock , o'neil try to shake free . finally he realise it 's kawalsky hold he . kawalsky Colonel , be you alright ? 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 234 82 . adjusting to the dark room o'neil sees , feretti and Freeman shivering at the back of the room . between they two body float face down in the murky water . kawalsky ( cont 'd ) Sir ? o' Neil only nod . kawalsky ( cont 'd ) and Jackson ? o'neil he 's dead . CUT to : ext . dune - late afternoon 229 the shepherd boy return from the pyramid , the mastadge with they , package strapped to its side . suddenly a SOUND be hear . the boy stop as they see ... two winged glider 230 head right at they , darting out from over the dune . glider p.o.v . - shepherd boy 231 sail overhead we see the small group of boy stare up at we , astound at what they see . just as it pass overhead they get a mere glimpse at anubis as he peer down at they . once go , the boy race to the top of the dune to see where the glider have just leave ; nagada , a black plume of smoke rise from the center of the town . ext . nagada - inside town - through gate - late afternoon 232 the boy approach the front gate , enter the town slowly . from they expression we see they be shocked at what they find . shepherd boy ' p.0o.v. - decimate STREET - same 233 people cry , comforting one another . charre building , a small flame be extinguish . wound people get tend to . misery . the boy move slowly down the center of the street , fear and anger in they eye . skaara see sari cry at the side of the street . he rush to she . angle - sari 234 as skaara approach , sari lift she head and we see a CUT above she eye , blood drip down she face . 235 236 237 238 239 240 83. skaara look at she , want to understand . sari only look up . skaara follow she gaze to see ... kasuf - hanging 235 strapped to the Sun disk we see kasuf suspend above , beat , barely conscious . we push into skaara 's troubled face , tear and anger well in he eye . CUT to : int . sarcophagus room - later 236 Silent and still , the sarcophagus sit at the back of the room . slowly we move closer to it just as its side begin to retract , expose a figure cover in wet cloth lay motionless . as the sarcophagus complete this process the figure suddenly sit up , frantically gasping for air . cough , the figure rip off the wet cloth , revealing ... daniel 237 reborn . Daniel struggle to regain normal breathe . finally he calm down and look around to see where he be . daniel be p.0.v . - empty room 238 Daniel scan the quiet , eerie room . he 's startle as he sees a young seven year old boy stand in the doorway . emotionless and completely still , the Boy stare at Daniel . slowly Daniel get to he foot , attempt to regain he balance . once up , the Boy turn and walk out of the room . Daniel be unsure if he should follow . suddenly the Boy stop , turn back , stare at Daniel . Daniel take a step towards he and the Boy continue . int . palace hallway - continuous - night 239 several yard ahead of he , the Boy lead Daniel down this immense and impose hallway . Daniel follow , disorientate , he eye scan the room . he see a cat cross he path . surprise , Daniel continue down and he see another cat , perch on a short flight of stair . still walk forward , Daniel turn back towards the Boy , only to find he 's gone . Daniel look ahead and see another doorway . assume the Boy go through , Daniel cautiously follow . int . bath chamber - continuous - night 240 slowly Daniel enter . he push he way through thin silk veil which hang down from the ceiling . Daniel move through they until he sees ... 241 242 84 . RA - bath 241 ra sit in he ornate sink bath . Daniel watch he for a long beat . sense he presence , ra ignore Daniel , signal to the child who come , carry he long robe . holding it before he , ra walk out of the bath , into he robe , pass Daniel on he way out . Daniel turn to he and speak . daniel ( subtitle ) I die . surprise Daniel can speak he language , ra stop and turn towards he . a subtle smile cross ra 's lip . he then turn away and exit the room . reluctantly , Daniel follow . int . ra' private chamber - continuous - night 242 ra lead Daniel across the room past a long marble table . on which be the recover belonging of the soldier display ; gun , book , radio and the dismantle bomb . ra turn back to Daniel , study he reaction for a long beat . finally ... RA ( subtitle ) you people have advanced much since I leave . you world have become . ..dangerous . realizing the implication , Daniel get nervous daniel ( subtitle ) what be you go to do ? RA ( subtitle ) tomorrow we will send the quartz to my master . I will include all I have discover . off Daniel 's frighten expression , ra smile as he walk away . RA ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ) it will be up to they to decide . move over to a sit area , ra be meet by the child who bring he clothing over to he and start to dress he . Daniel move over towards he . 243 85 . daniel ( subtitle ) why do you give I back my life ? RA ( subtitle ) I need you . Daniel do not understand . RA ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ) you must restore ... faith . daniel ( subtitle ) faith ? ra nod to one of he child who pull out a small tray , Daniel 's Sun disk lay on top . ra take it , hold it . RA ( subtitle ) there can only be one ra. he hand the Sun disk back to Daniel . RA ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ) you will obey I before my people . they will witness as you kill you companion . dress , ra stand and walk away from Daniel . take it all in , Daniel think to himself for a beat . finally ... daniel ( subtitle ) and I refuse ? Daniel turn back to ra only to find anubis stand behind he , lift he weapon . ra turn back to Daniel to see if he understand . he do . CUT to : traveling p.o.v . - toward curtain 243 we move through darkness towards long hang fabric . as we push through the fabric into bright light we see thousand of people gather before we . widen to reveal : 244 245 246 247 86 . ext . pyramid entrance platform - late afternoon o'neil and the other prisoner be pushed out onto the platform , lead by horus down to the center of the ramp . use he weapon as a staff , horus knock the soldier down to they knee . he leave they there as he march back up to the top of the ramp , join by another horus ( # 2 ) . angle - sari move through the dense crowd , strain to see if Daniel be on the ramp . unable to spot he , she 's crestfallen . two winged glider two winge glider hover above the platform . daniel and anubis with he mask in place , anubis step through the hang fabric , Daniel close to he side . o'neil look up , completely shocked to discover Daniel still alive . he and the soldier exchange question glance . Daniel avoid eye contact with the soldier as anubis lead he next to the empty throne . sari sees Daniel . her expression brighten . she push through the crowd to get nearer to the platform . leave Daniel 's side , anubis step to the center of the platform , raise he arm . the entire crowd bow down . we see a very bruise kasuf , help by the town elder to he knee in prayer . anubis look over to Daniel who reluctantly bow down before the throne . the entire assembly bow and a dozen child rush out from behind the fabric , grab on to pole , connect to the bottom of the material . the Children peel off to the side , lifting the fabric . as it part we see the strike image of RA , SUN GOD as he slowly step out into the light . again , we see he with he illusion / mask in place gold skin , elaborate headdress , etc . ra take he place on the throne . once seat , the crowd stand , silently . anubis stand and offer he weapon to the pharaoh . ra accept it . he turn and offer it to Daniel . anubis put he hand roughly on Daniel 's shoulder . Daniel , know what be expect of he , be tear . slowly he stand and accept the weapon from ra. weapon in hand , Daniel turn towards the ramp . 244 245 246 247 248 249 250 251 87 . daniel be p.0.v . - soldier and o'neil 248 slowly Daniel walk past the two guard at the top of the ramp , make he way towards o'neil and the rest of the soldier . o'neil look up at Daniel as a traitor , contempt in he eye . Daniel be tear . desperately he want a way out of it . as he walk he sees , sari in the crowd . he can not look at she . he turn back to the face of the Soldiers as he approach . Daniel stop a few foot in front of o'neil who only stare at he , harshly . Daniel turn , look back to ra who only stare at he emotionlessly . he see anubis wait next to ra , the two horus guard at the top of the ramp , and look up ... the winged glider 249 they weapon slowly extending , take aim , ready . suddenly a small flash of light , catch he eye . he look down into the crowd and sees ... angle - skaara 250 move near sari below , next to the ramp . he hold o'neil 's lighter , reflect sunlight off of it at Daniel to get he attention . that accomplish , skaara peel back part of he clothing expose ... one of the soldier' rifle 251 retrieved from the base camp , skaara hold the gun close to he chest . skaara give Daniel a nod . Daniel look down to the other side of the ramp and recognize two other shepherd boy , wait . Daniel turn back to o'neil as he lift the weapon , cocking it , ready to FIRE . suddenly Daniel spin , and fire the weapon at the top of the ramp . a huge chunk of the ramp explode before the two guard , block they view of Daniel . suddenly skaara draw the rifle and begin firing into the AIR . quickly we see , shepherd boy , scattered everywhere , draw weapon and firing . the crowd panic , no one know which way to run . pandemonium . seize the opportunity , Daniel and o'neil jump off the ramp in one direction , as the other soldier leap off the other side . horus ( # 1 ) step through the smoke and fire he weapon , hitting Freeman as he leap . 252 253 254 255 256 257 257a 88 . he scream and die before he can hit the ground . on the opposite side , o'neil and Daniel rush over to sari and skaara . they both toss shawl over they , disguise they . quickly they push they into the crowd . kawalsky and feretti turn back towards Freeman 's body when the shepherd boy rush over to they , toss cloth over the soldier . quickly they rush they into the mayhem of the crowd . angle - anubis 252 signal to the glider . glider 253 the glider readjust and dive down over the crowd , search . glider ' p.o.v . - crowd 254 quickly we sail overhead , stare down as everyone race away in different direction . disguise , the soldier can not be see within the mob . ra stand , furious . anubis move close but ra shove he aside as he storm through the hang fabric , back into the pyramid . angle - daniel and o'neil 255 skaara and sari lead Daniel and o'neil over to the mastadge , who let out a roar . skaara show o'neil where to grip the mastadge at the side of the harness . sari show Daniel the same on the other side . Daniel turn to thank sari just as skaara grab the mastadge's ear . the mastadge rear up and race away , drag Daniel and o'neil with they . angle - dune 256 people rush off around they , skaara and sari climb the top of the dune to see the mastadge far off , racing over the dune . they turn back and see ... the glider 257 soaring past they , give chase , the glider head off into the desert . int . ra' palace - same 257a in a mad tantrum , ra storm through he palace , furious . he rip the hang fabric as he march into he private chamber . 258 259 260 261 262 89 . ext . sand dune - mastadge - same 258 holding on for dear life , o'neil tightly grip the harness . he look back and see the glider , speed towards they . o'neil slap at the side of the mastadge . o'neil ( yell ) how do you make this stupid thing go faster ! barely hold on , Daniel pull himself up and grab onto the mastadge 's ear . again , the mastadge kick up speed , racing over the dune . angle - glider and dune 259 though the mastadge have pick up speed , he 's no match for the glider who narrow the gap . the glider FIRE a power burst at the mastadge . miss , the power burst explode into the sand , a few foot in front of the mastadge . startle , the mastadge rear up and take off in another direction . angle - o'neil 260 he look back , see the glider approach . he look ahead . o' neil ( yell ) it 's no use . when we be over the next dune . we drop ! daniel Drop ? glider 261 Racing towards we . as they look down , they see the mastadge ahead of they , disappear over the dune . reverse angle - other side of dune 262 tumble down the dune , the mastadge gallop ahead , Daniel and o'neil roll to a stop . instantly o'neil start to bury himself in the sand . pick up the cue , Daniel copy o'neil , throw sand over himself . behind they we see the glider , head this way . can they bury themselves in time ? 263 264 265 266 267 268 90 . glider 263 the glider swoop down but just as they clear the sand hill . they find the mastadge on the other side , but o'neil and Daniel be gone ! the glider circle the area , but o'neil and Daniel be nowhere to be see . the glider circle one more time . see nothing , they turn and head back . angle - sand - close 264 just as the glider pass overhead , disappear over the dune , o'neil 's and Daniel 's head pop out of the sand . quickly o'neil climb the dune , watch the glider depart as Daniel spit out sand , climb after he . daniel you think they ' 1l come back ? o'neil why should they ? in a hour we will be bury alive . reaching the top of the dune , Daniel turn to see what o'neil be talk about . he sees ... a sand STORM 265 move quickly , a sand storm head right this way . o'neil and Daniel be in the middle of nowhere . no escape . CUT to : ext . glider BAY - pyramid - sunset 266 the two winge glider sail towards the glider bay opening in the pyramid . int . ra' space craft - hallway - minute later 267 the two horus pilot march down the hall . as they pass a hang tapestry , we see they silhouett bird image morph down to they normal selve . as they pass the tapestry , we recognize one as the North African guard ( horus # 1 ) and horus # 2 . int . ra' private chamber - continuous 268 ra sit , seethe with humiliation and anger . anguish , ra sit privately when he 's suddenly tugged by a young boy ( 10 year old ) who try to get he attention . furious at the invasion , ra spin and glare at the boy , he eye fill with rage . terrify , the boy recoil . ra stop himself just as he look up and sees .. 268a 91 . the other child stand in the doorway , watch frighten . ra march through they , knock they aside as he pass . int . ra' throne room - moment later 268a seethe with anger , ra quickly march into the room only to find anubis with the two horus pilot who kneel , await he arrival . ra stop , calm himself and sit on he throne before they . horus # 1 ( subtitle ) they be dead . ra slowly lean forward . the child arrive and gather round ra 's throne . RA ( subtitle ) bring they body to I . horus # 2 ( subtitle ) we lose they in the sand storm . surely they will be kill . ra boil , hold in he anger . he stand and walk over to a box of jewelry . hiding it from the other , ra take out a golden ring and disk ; the ring fitting over he finger , the attach disk hide in the palm of he hand . turn back ra move slowly towards horus # 2 , motion with he other hand for horus # 2 to stand . he do , sense something be not right . slowly horus # 1 back away . the child exchange nervous glance . horus # 2 start to get nervous , look around the room . he look back to ra who only smile , reassuringly ; everything 's alright . horus # 2 seem to calm down . ra lift he hand as though to gently embrace he face when suddenly he open he palm expose the disk . horus # 2's eye go wide with fear but before he can react .. the disk activate . horus # 2 suddenly begin to shake violently , he feature begin to distort . he scream out in pain . ra watch this torture emotionlessly , wait for he victim to expire . he do . as he drop to the floor , ra turn to the group of child who stare back at he frighten . ra motion for the oldest boy to step forward . ra reach down and remove a head clamp from the dead body of horus # 2 , place it over the head of the oldest Boy . 269 270 271 92 . quickly the hawk - like head appear over the oldest Boy as he now take he turn at guard . CUT to : ext . dune - sand STORM - later 269 o'neil and Daniel be fight they way through the thick whirling sand , hold onto the side of the mastadge who push onward through the storm . they try to shield themselves at the side of the mastadge , but it do little to help . Movement become more and more difficult . Daniel suddenly drop to he knee . the mastadge turn back and see Daniel get bury in the sand and roar out . o' Neil lift he arm hold it over he eye . he , too , drop down , lose consciousness . the harsh wind quickly begin to bury the man in sand . unaffect by the storm , the mastadge watch they , unable to help . suddenly through the blurry sand we see several shape apparently come up from the sand . the figure grab onto o'neil , shaking he . snap out of it o'neil squint up to see ... skaara - shepherd boy 270 skaara and two other boy carry o'neil and Daniel away . int . cave - continuous - night 271 through the mouth of a large cave we see several figure come towards we through the sand cloud churn outside . helping they out of the storm we see skaara and two boy bring Daniel and o'neil inside . once within the protective wall , o'neil look up and sees , the rest of the shepherd boy wear the army fatigue , helmet and gun they retrieve from the base camp . lean against the wall , the weapon ra give Daniel . at the back of the cave he sees feretti , get some aid to a wound . kawalsky turn , see o'neil and rush over to he . kawalsky you make it ! sari walk in from the opposite side , look for Daniel . Daniel begin to cough , only semi-conscious as he 's help inside . sari run over to he , bring he some water . realizing it 's she , Daniel smile . 93 . kawalsky ( cont 'd ) ( be : the kid ) what do you think , Colonel ? it 's not exactly special force but they be obviously eager to join up . o'neil look sad . he walk away . o'neil take the gun away from they Lieutenant before they hurt themselves . kawalsky Sir ? o'neil you hear I . send they home . Daniel look up , he head clear . daniel there 's nowhere for they to go . they be see help we . they will be hunt down and kill . kawalsky we could sure use the help , sir. o'neil spin back to kawalsky , suddenly furious . o'neil ( explode ) we have already lose four highly train man ! now you hand I a bunch of kid ?! kawalsky but , Sir , they save we life ? o'neil for what !? to do what ? kawalsky ( unsure ) to help we get back home . o'neil look at kawalsky sadly . he turn and walk away . daniel why do not you tell them the truth ? kawalsky Truth ? 94 . daniel ( to o'neil ) tell they why you plant a nuclear bomb next to the stargate . kawalsky what 's he talk about , Colonel ? o'neil do not answer . finally ... o'neil ( calm ) my order be simple . Cross the bridge , hold the bridge , and at the first sign of danger , destroy the bridge . kawalsky why do not you tell we ? o'neil it be strictly " need to know . " kawalsky need to know ? need to know ? I think that 's something I would need to know ! daniel do you realize what you have start ? tomorrow , when they send off the next delivery of quartz , ra 's go to send they you goddamn bomb . o'neil send who ? daniel who do you think ? someone put he in charge of all this . we be talk about a highly advanced , oppressive and hostile culture who use people like we use cattle . we be no threat to they . they write we off thousand of year ago . how do you think they be go to react when they find out what we have become ?! o'neil stand , consider he option . sari and the shepherd boy stare at the argument , confuse . o'neil then we will have to be there before they can send it through . we get back the device , I can destroy the stargate . 272 95 . try to talk some sense to o'neil , Daniel walk over to he . frustrate , Daniel get angry . daniel destroy this one gate will not accomplish anything ! there be bound to be more . o'neil you have a better idea ? daniel we have get to get back home and dismantle the gate on we side . then hope they leave we alone . o'neil well , thanks to you , we do not have that option . ( turn back to he man ) Lieutenant , we leave this place at first light . o'neil march out into another part of the cave . feretti , who 's be silent ... feretti great . a suicide mission . int . lookout cave - continuous - night 272 stare off , o'neil stand alone in the middle of this cave . across from he we can see the storm raging outside . daniel ( 0.s. ) you realize , if you go through with this , a lot of innocent people will be kill . o'neil do not answer , keep he back to Daniel who stand at the back of the cave . daniel ( cont 'd ) you be right you know . I only care about save my reputation . ( beat ) I be sorry I lie . o'neil do not matter anymore . there 's a silent moment , but something Daniel have to ask . 273 96 . daniel you know from the beginning that you would have to destroy the gate , do not you ? o'neil " seal and bury for all time . " that 's how it translate , right ? why would they bury it ? think ? it be a warning . Daniel realize he 's right . how could he have be so blind ? daniel I do not understand . if you know , how could you take this assignment ? you have a family ? a son ? o'neil stare off with the same distant look he have on when we first see he . o'neil I have a family . realizing , Daniel be move . he offer ... daniel I be sorry . I know what it 's like to lose someone you love . o'neil no one should ever have to outlive they own child . it just be not right . suddenly skaara appear behind they carry a bowl of food he hold out for o'neil . skaara anaasar ? o'neil do not even look at he . he just walk away , over to the edge of the cave , stare out into the night . skaara , afraid he say something wrong turn to Daniel . Daniel can not face he and walk out . skaara consider a second , sniff at the food to make sure it 's okay , then walk over to o'neil . angle - o'neil 273 o'neil sit at the edge of the cave , he mind a million light year away . skaara walk up alongside he . skaara anaasar . 274 275 97 . still o'neil ignore he . slowly skaara slide the plate of food in front of o'neil 's face as you would do to a reluctant child . finally o'neil turn and see skaara 's smile face . skaara ( cont 'd ) nakde anaasar . o'neil anaasar , right . uncomfortable , o'neil reluctantly take the bowl from skaara who promptly sit down next to he . o'neil begin to eat as skaara smile proudly . int . corner of cave - same 274 Daniel slowly walk back inside , troubled . he turn a corner of the cave where kawalsky and feretti be confer with each other . but as Daniel near , they suddenly become quiet , give Daniel the " cold shoulder . " int . cave - MAIN entrance - continuous - night 275 Daniel enter . he see several of the shepherd boy surround sari who prepare food for they . as sari stoke the flame below she cooking pot , Daniel walk up and serve some food to one of the wait shepherd boy . the boy stare at Daniel , shocked , then start to giggle . even sari look up , surprised . daniel what ? even sari suppress a laugh , turn away from he . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ) why be they laugh ? sari take the serve bowl from he and walk over to kawalsky and feretti , feed they . the boy continue to chuckle at Daniel 's expense . Daniel do not understand . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ; to boy ) why do you laugh ? this just make they laugh more . finally one boy ( # 2 ) turn and answer . boy # 2 ( subtitle ) husband do not do this work . Daniel be completely take off guard . 276 277 98. daniel husband ? sari walk back over and Daniel turn to she . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ) he call I you " husband . " suddenly fill with embarrassment , sari hurry away . again the boy titter with laughter . Daniel walk over to sari at the back of the cave . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ) what be it ? again , sari be ashamed . she will not look Daniel in the eye . skaara enter , see the boy giggle , peer around the corner of the cave , spying on Daniel and sari . skaara' p.o.v . - daniel and sari 276 very close together , Daniel reach over , touch sari 's shoulder . skaara , see this , turn and shoos the boy away , give Daniel and sari some privacy . daniel and sari 277 still avoid he eye , sari finally speak to Daniel . sari ( subtitle ) I be sorry . do not be angry with I . I do not tell they . daniel ( subtitle ) tell they what ? sari ( subtitle ) that you do not want I . sari turn away , shame . Daniel realize she 's refer to when she be bring to he in nagada . he slowly turn she back towards he . gently he lean close and kiss she . they lip part and sari look up at Daniel , search he emotion . slowly she move back to he . again , they kiss . CUT to : 278 279 280 281 99 . int . cave - daniel c.u . - later 278 his eye flutter open , Daniel wake to see sari curl up alongside of he . Daniel smile sadly . he turn , only to find , a young shepherd boy sleep behind he . as Daniel sit up he find , all the shepherd boy have take sleep position all around he and sari . Daniel shake he head in disbelief . suddenly something catch he eye near the front of the cave . daniel be p.0.v . - skaara 279 skaara sit by a die fire , work on some drawing he scratch into the wall . curious , Daniel stand and start to walk over to he . imitating the drawing see earlier in the catacomb , skaara chalk up the wall of the cave with primitive sketches . please , Daniel smile . daniel be p.0o.v. - sketch - same 280 a simple set of drawing detail the rescue in front of the pyramid . we see figure of the boy fire they gun and the soldier in front of the pyramid , the three sun surround it . suddenly Daniel 's expression change . slowly he get up and move closer to the sketches . daniel be p.0.v . - pyramid sketch 281 we slowly push in to the draw of the team before the pyramid , zooming in to the top part of the draw ; the pyramid with three sun , one above , the other two on each side . daniel my God . the point of origin . quickly Daniel move close to the draw . he take the burnt charcoal from skaara and trace over the sketch . as he do in the silo when detail the symbol for Earth , he outline a symbol over the draw of the pyramid and sun . daniel ( cont 'd ) I can not believe it . kawalsky ( 0.s. ) can not believe what ? Daniel spin to find kawalsky approach , wiping the sleep from he eye . 100 . daniel I find it . kawalsky what be you talk about ? daniel the seventh sign . we ticket home . CUT to : 282 ext . dune - mining pit - mastadge caravan - dawn 282 several decorate mastadge be line up at the rim of the mining pit . a single winge glider hover above . 283 reverse angle - skaara and youngest boy 283 peer through some rock a distance away , the boy see the caravan be put together . skaara nod to the youngest boy . they turn and sneak away . 284 int . cave - same 284 o'neil be confront Daniel , pack weapon into he pack . o'neil it 's too risky . we will not have the time to get everyone through . we will have to take fast and immediate action . daniel we can not just turn we back on they . o'neil we do not have any choice ! all we can do be try and complete we mission . suddenly feretti step up . feretti Sir , we owe we life to they . o'neil forget it ! I have my order . o'neil reach for he rifle . kawalsky grab it first , hold it firm . he lean close to o'neil . kawalsky then disobey that order . o'neil Lieutenant ! 285 286 287 288 101 . kawalsky no. Daniel be right . we will not accomplish anything unless we tear down the gate back home on Earth . this kid be we best chance . Daniel look at kawalsky , surprised and impressed . o' Neil know he 's outnumber . suddenly skaara rush in . he blurt something out to Daniel . daniel Colonel , be you with we or not ? everyone turn to o'neil for he decision . finally ... o'neil it better work . CUT to : ext . mining area - caravan - day 285 a caravan of four mastadge have be assemble at the top of the dune next to a nearby mining pit . a obelisk mark the spot . angle - pit 286 worker climb the ladder burden with heavy bag of quartz . horus ( # 1 ) stand watch over they as they make they way up the dune . one worker fall to he knee from heat exhaustion . horus turn and scream at the Worker to continue . the Worker try to get to he foot but can not . again , he collapse . barking out command , horus march over to the Worker and kick he , savagely . he try to stand but horus kick he again . as he move in for the kill , the Worker suddenly pull off he hood , revealing ... daniel 287 before horus can lift he weapon , he come face to face with the nasty end of the weapon ra give Daniel . Daniel cock OPEN , ready to fire . instantaneously all the surround worker whip out weapon , aim right at horus . they pop they hood off , revealing sari , the soldier and shepherd boy . angle - mining area 288 all around the worker stop and turn , shocked . kasuf , oversee the caravan , look over , horrify . 102 . 289 angle - pit - horus and team 289 kawalsky wrestle the weapon away from horus as Daniel get to he foot . Daniel and kawalsky keep they weapon aim at horus as feretti begin to tie he up . o'neil let 's get go . o'neil signal skaara and the boy who turn and move up the hill to take over the caravan . but suddenly kasuf , surround by the elder , lead a group of worker over to block the path of the shepherd boy . kasuf yell out to they , harshly . they route block , a stand off , skaara turn back to o'neil for guidance . distract , Daniel turn around . o'neil ( cont 'd ) what 's he say ? daniel ( concerned ) he will not let they pass . he say they will bring misery to all the people .. warning they not to go against the god . o'neil step forward , lifting he weapon . the soldier and shepherd boy turn to o'neil . they can not believe he might really kill this unarm people . o'neil out of we way . coolly o'neil take aim , cock he rifle . suddenly Daniel yell . daniel no. wait . Daniel turn and touch the button on horus ' collar , the Hawk illusion vanish . the worker be stunned . horus , humiliate , seethes . Daniel turn and move back towards kasuf . daniel ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ) take a look at you god ! suddenly horus knock feretti away , he hand freed . he grab back he weapon from kawalsky , slamming it into he as he turn towards the unsuspecting Daniel . see this , sari scream . 290 291 292 293 294 103 . sari dan-el ! Daniel spin back just in time to see horus lifting the weapon , ready to fire . without time to think , Daniel lift the weapon and fire . horus be blown back , off he foot . he slam back down , into the sand , dead . kasuf and the worker stare in disbelief . slowly they inch they way towards horus . Daniel stand there , freeze . he 's never kill a man before and can not believe he just have . o'neil well , what be we wait for ? slowly sari walk over to he , ease Daniel 's weapon down . she and kawalsky slowly turn Daniel back and escort he up the hill towards the caravan . kasuf and the worker push past they , move closer to horus . angle - horus Stone cold dead , a trickle of blood run out he mouth . the worker stare at he , completely shocked . kasuf turn just in time to watch the caravan disappear over the dune . CUT to : ext . space craft window balcony - pyramid - late afternoon look out over the desert , ra scan the horizon . gently he stroke a black cat curl over he arm . ra' p.0.v . - caravan climb over the dune we see the caravan make its way towards the pyramid . int . ra' sarcophagus room - same ra turn back from the window and signal two horus who move over to a large silver platter . on the platter we see some of the soldier 's weapon , book , equipment and especially , the disassembled nuclear device . they lift the platter and ra watch they leave the room . int . ra' palace - throne room - same the two horus march over to the medallion carry the silver platter , the circular door slide shut behind they . 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 104 . ext . pyramid - late afternoon 295 the caravan make its way over the last dune head towards the entrance to the pyramid . the team walk with hood cover they head , identity hide . int . pyramid - stargate room - same 296 we hear the medallion ignite , its light flooding the room . the sound disappear as the two horus guard march over to the stargate , place the platter down in front of it . they turn and march towards the pyramid entrance . ext . pyramid entrance - same 297 the first cart arrive at the base of the ramp and skaara unty Daniel 's mastadge , pull it aside . skaara wave the cart ahead . the cart be pulled up the stair by its six worker . as the cart slowly crawl up the ramp , the two horus guard appear at the entrance door , wait . separate from Daniel , the mastadge below moan , tug at its restraint try to follow the cart . skaara struggle to calm the animal . frightened of be give away , none of the worker react to the mastadge . head bow , they continue to push the cart . a second cart follow the first up the stair . angle - RA - window / balcony 298 tower above they , ra stand out on he balcony , look down at the cart below . angle - horus guard 299 horus # 3 glance down at skaara , suspicious . the first cart reach the top of the stair . suddenly horus bark out a command , stop the cart . skaara look up worriedly . the mastadge moaning . horus walk slowly around the first cart , all the worker keep they head bow . finally , he wave it through . skaara 300 breathes a sigh of relief and look over to kawalsky and feretti who peer out from beneath they hood . but when the cart disappear through the door the mastadge howl . 301 302 303 304 105 . horus # 3 shoot a look back down at the mastadge . the first cart clear the doorway and enter the pyramid when suddenly horus signal he guard who follow it inside . angle - RA - palace balcony 301 once they enter below , ra reach over , touch a control panel in the wall next to he . he push a small button . ext . pyramid entrance - same 302 suddenly a huge stone door begin to slide down , sealing off the entrance . as the door shut skaara look up , frighten . feretti turn to kawalsky , panicked . feretti ( hushed ) what 's happen ? int . pyramid - entrance room - the same 303 as the huge entrance door slam shut the two horus guard surround the cart . a third horus ( # 4 ) enter from behind . horus # 3 bark out a command but no one move . horus # 2 walk over to the worker . be it Daniel ? he pull down the first hood revealing a frighten shepherd boy . horus # 2 throws he to the floor as he move closer to the next worker . horus # 3 , weapon train , eye the lot with suspicion as he partner near the next in line . he reach up and pull down she hood , revealing sari , she long hair fall to she shoulder . horus # 2 be take off guard by find a woman . he lift he weapon . bursting out of the quartz pile , Daniel and o'neil lift out they weapon and FIRE . at the same moment , the rest of the shepherd boy grab weapon and FIRE . the bullet knock horus # 2 backward , but it 's Daniel 's power burst from the alien weapon that blows horus # 2 to piece . the other two FIRE back , take cover behind pillar . one of the shepherd boy be hit , go down . Daniel grab sari , pull she behind the cover of the cart . the shepherd boy kneel behind cover , firing . ext . pyramid entrance - same 304 at the sound of the gunfire , kawalsky rip a large beam of wood from the side of the second cart . 305 306 307 106 . kawalsky we have get to get that door back open ! feretti and the shepherd boy help he jam the wood under the door , try to lift the huge entrance door . it do not budge . angle - RA - balcony - same 305 ra watch the panic below , a amused smile cross he lip . int . pyramid - entrance room - same 306 the guard lay down tremendous FIRE power , blow chunks out of the wall , ripping into the cart . another of the shepherd boy take a shot , fall to the floor , injure . o'neil dash from he position move behind another pillar . separate , Daniel turn and sees a path to the hallway be clear . crawl low , one of the Guards make he way around the side of the room . he peer out from he position and sees ... guard be p.o.v . - daniel 307 his back to he , Daniel be a clear target . the guard raise he weapon and take aim . sari , follow he , sees the guard lean out from behind a pillar . she scream out and try to push Daniel out of harm 's way . Daniel turn slowly towards she just as the guard fire . sari step in the way , take the shot intend for Daniel . daniel no ! as sari fall , Daniel spin and fire , blowing the guard away . Daniel reach down cradling sari . she stare up at Daniel , the life slowly leave she eye . daniel ( cont 'd ) sari ! no. suddenly the door lead to the grand gallery and stargate begin to close . pin down at the opposite end of the Hall , o'neil see this and yell across to Daniel . o'neil Jackson , get to the gate ! Daniel look up , sees the door close . o'neil ( cont 'd ) Jackson ! 308 308a 308b 308c 308d 309 310 107 . Daniel lift sari in he arm . see Daniel move o'neil step out and fire , lay down cover . at the last possible moment before the door seal , Daniel make it inside leave o'neil behind , trap . ext . pyramid - entrance - same 308 skaara lead three other boy around the side of the pyramid over to the window . skaara climb up , look inside . int . pyramid entrance hall - same 308a o'neil step out from behind a column and fire . he sees skaara look in from the window . o'neil wave skaara away . o'neil go ! get out of here ! go home ! ext . pyramid - window - same 308b about to crawl inside , skaara look up and sees two glider come from around this side of the pyramid . suddenly one of they fire . skaara leap out of the way . int . pyramid entrance hall - same 308c o'neil look back up just as a explosion rip up the window where skaara have be . think skaara have be kill , o' Neil step out firing madly . ext . pyramid - same 308d skaara and the boy have to race for cover and the sand explode around they , the glider overhead . angle - kawalsky and feretti 309 as they try and lift , the wood beam splinter under the weight . suddenly another two glider come from around the other direction , firing at the platform . the soldier and shepherd boy scatter as the now four glider begin to bombard the front of the pyramid . angle - RA - window balcony 310 watch the mayhem below , ra turn and nod to anubis across the room . anubis bow and exit . turn the opposite direction , ra leave . as he pass , the child quickly move over to the window . confused and frighten , the child stare down at the action below . 311 312 313 108 . int . grand gallery - traveling p.o.v . - same 311 the door at the top of the gallery be close . quickly we race towards it , run full speed . int . stargate room - same 312 sari in he arm , Daniel just make it inside as the door behind he slam down , sealing the room . exhausted and out of breath , Daniel drop to he knee before the stargate hold sari tightly . sari dan-el ? Daniel look down to sari who smile up at he tenderly . gently she eye roll back as she life leave she . she die in he arm . daniel sari ...! but it 's too late . stun , he stand there , just a few foot away from the stargate . so close . tear well in he eye . suddenly behind he , the medallion begin to activate , the laser beginning its trace around the perimeter . Daniel have to make a decision ; save himself or take a gigantic chance for sari . he decide . quickly he step onto the medallion just before the laser seal the perimeter . as the laser complete its cylinder we see a piece of sari 's dress get caught outside the cylinder . the cloth be severe . gently it sail to the floor . we follow the cloth to the ground . behind it we see the last of Daniel 's image disappear , a guard foot take he place . the foot walk off the medallion step on the cloth . we pan up to reveal anubis . the door lead out re-open and anubis make he way towards the entrance hall . int . entrance hall - same 313 the last of the guard step out from behind one of the pillar when blam , he get blast by o'neil . o'neil rush over to one of the fall shepherd boy . too late , he 's go . frustrate o'neil move to the close front door , search for something that could open it . nothing . suddenly , behind he , the door to the ground gallery begin to lift OPEN . o' Neil dash for the cover of a pillar as anubis slowly make he way into the room . 314 315 109 . ext . pyramid - same 314 a explosion rip up the sand as the four glider strafe from above . the shepherd boy rush for cover all over the front of the entrance , separate . Racing down the ramp another explosion hit , rip up the stair kill one of the shepherd boy . skaara fire he rifle at the pass glider as he reach the sand . at the side of the platform , kawalsky and feretti take cover at the side of the close door . feretti we be get slaughter out here . we have get to do something . kawalsky sees one of the cart stand between the obelisk . suddenly kawalsky take off running . feretti ( cont 'd ) kawalsky ! but kawalsky keep go . two glider bank , spot he . as kawalsky run down the ramp , the glider dive shoot at he , rip up the rampway . kawalsky , nearly hit , keep go . feretti see kawalsky head towards one of the fall cart . take cue , feretti run out after he . heroically , kawalsky lift up the re-enforce bottom of the cart , drag it back towards another cart , the sand exploding around he . skaara rush over to help . kawalsky and feretti turn over the cart , make a small fortress between the obelisk . skaara wave for the other to come and take cover . the other boy dash out from they position , racing for the cover of the topple cart , power burst blast all over . skaara scream out for the last of the shepherd boy who run , full speed . just before he get there , blast , he 's knock off he foot , lay sprawle out over the sand . devastate , skaara stare at he fall friend . kawalsky sees this and ease skaara back down below the safety of the barricade . int . sarcophagus room - same 315 carry sari , Daniel walk into the sarcophagus room . he lay sari 's lifeless body down in the open sarcophagus . as he step back the sarcophagus slowly close around she . overcome with emotion , Daniel move back , wait , helpless . 316 317 317a 317b 318 110 . int . ra' private chamber - same 316 open he jewelry box , ra retrieve the ring and disk he use to dispose he guard . slowly he place it over he finger , adjust the disk in the palm of he hand . int . pyramid - entrance room - same 317 anubis stand over two of he fall comrade . he lift he weapon , scan the area . suddenly he sees o'neil , lay on the ground . anubis kick the body , nothing . just as anubis be about to move on , trip , o'neil grab he leg . anubis hit the floor , hard . o'neil leap on top of he , hit the button on anubis ' collar . the protective mask vanish . and punch , o'neil slam he fist into anubis ' face , knock he unconscious . o'neil quickly get up and take off run for the stargate . ext . pyramid entrance - same 317a the four glider be circle above , bombard the barricade below . the shepherd boy be duck down as kawalsky turn to feretti . kawalsky we have get to concentrate all we firepower at the same target . just then one of the glider swoops down from over the entrance , straight towards he . kawalsky point to the glider . the shepherd boy understand and they all lift they weapon at the same time . as the glider dive down , kawalsky , feretti , skaara and the boy all stand and OPEN FIRE . angle - glider 317b a barrage of bullet slam into the glider . it swerve wildly , its wing smashing into the top of the obelisk . the glider spin out of control , disappear over the dune . in a gigantic fireball , the glider explode as it crash behind the dune . the shepherd boy cheer ! int . space craft - throne chamber - same 318 through the doorway , we see Daniel step backwards . in the foreground we see ra step into view . surprise to see Daniel , ra watch Daniel for a moment , fascinate . 319 320 141 . int . sarcophagus room - same 319 Daniel wait , helpless as ra enter . slowly ra encircle he , study he . Daniel try to keep he distance as ra move around he . suddenly ra stop , a puzzle look on he face . RA ( subtitle ) why ? why would you come here now ? slowly ra turn away from Daniel , look over at he sarcophagus . when he look back and see the frighten look on Daniel 's face , he realize he 's hit it . slowly he move towards the sarcophagus . Daniel run towards he to stop he . he lunge at ra , but slam into the invisible shield , fall backwards . ra stop , look back to Daniel through the rippling wave of he shield , superior and unstoppable . as Daniel try to recover he sees , ra run he hand over the sarcophagus . daniel no ! the sarcophagus slowly open revealing sari . ra turn back to Daniel , surprised and intrigue . RA ( subtitle ) how romantic . as ra move back towards Daniel we see sari 's eye flutter open . not yet fully heal , yet life restore . RA ( cont 'd ) ( subtitle ) you will die together . menacingly , ra make he way closer to Daniel . slowly he lift he hand , expose the disk in he palm . gracefully he push through the shield , he hand move towards Daniel who stumble backward as he retreat . int . stargate room - same 320 o'neil rush into the room , look around for Daniel . he sees a puddle of blood on the floor , lead over to the medallion , sari 's tear cloth lay next to it . o'neil believe Daniel be lose . suddenly o'neil sees something across the room . 321 322 323 324 112 . o'neil be p.o.v . - silver tray 321 at the side of the room , the silver tray with the soldier equipment and the dismantled bomb . his opportunity before he , o'neil be tear ; complete he mission and re-assemble the bomb or wait for the other . he do not know what to do . int . sarcophagus room - same 322 Daniel be back away as ra keep move towards he , unrelent . as Daniel retreat he look down and sees ... daniel be p.0.v . - shield power source 323 at ra 's foot Daniel see four small pyramid which float a inch above the ground , create the shield . the floor be expose . Daniel get a idea . daniel ( subtitle ) please , do not hurt she . please . suddenly Daniel drop down , bow before ra. RA ( subtitle ) too late for that . Daniel peek up from the floor just in time to see ra walk across the thin fabric which hang down from the wall . ra 's foot crush over the fine cloth as he step over , clearly the shield do not cover the ground . seize the moment , Daniel quickly grab at the fabric and run towards the sarcophagus . as he move the fabric wrap around ra 's ankle . as ra spin to follow , he trip up . he and he shield tumble to the floor . Daniel leap to he foot . he race to sari 's side , lift she out of the sarcophagus and rush out of the room . through the rippling wave of he shield we see ra , seethe with anger . slowly he get back to he foot . ext . pyramid - same 324 the number of the shepherd boy be dwindling from the intense bombing from the remain three glider . as another glider make a pass , again kawalsky lead the boy to FIRE . suddenly , skaara run out of ammunition . quickly , weapon begin to click , empty all around he . slowly kawalsky and feretti run out of ammunition as well . the glider pass over and blast into the barricade . 325 326 327 328 329 330 113 . several other shepherd boy be injure . kawalsky damn it ! the glider 325 break formation , banking away from the fortification . at first they be hopeful that the battle be over . they be quickly deflate when they see ... not too far away , the glider land on the dune . int . stargate room - same 326 just as o'neil kneel down next to the dismantle bomb , anubis appear at the doorway . anubis cock the weapon open . just as he fire , o'neil lift the silver platter , use it as a shield . it deflect the power burst , bend it in half . o'neil fling the tray at anubis and charge , slamming he against the wall , he weapon drop . lock in mortal combat , the two warrior struggle . ext . dune - skaara and shepherd boy 327 the glider have land on top of the dune . one of the Guards , yell out , commanding a surrender . slowly some of the shepherd boy climb out from behind the topple cart , throw they weapon aside . skaara try to stop they as they leave . even feretti bow he head in defeat as kawalsky chuck he weapon away in frustration . int . throne room - same 328 sari in he arm , Daniel rush across the room over to the medallion . frightened , Daniel search for some way to turn it on . as Daniel look up he sees ... RA 329 march straight towards Daniel and sari . come closer , closer ... int . stargate room - same 330 o'neil and anubis be lock in mortal combat . anubis with the upper hand get on top of o'neil , pummel he with savage blow to the head . o' Neil , pin . 331 332 333 334 335 114 . int . throne room - medallion section - same 331 ra have reach Daniel and sari . slowly he lift he hand and push through he shield , expose it to Daniel . he move he hand close to Daniel 's head . RA ( subtitle ) I be no longer amused . behind he we see the child arrive , watch helplessly . int . stargate room - same 332 anubis swing , o'neil catch he hand . suddenly he monkey flip anubis over he head , send he sprawling . anubis roll to a stop at the edge of the medallion , he head landing onto the medallion surface . o'neil leap on top of he , pin he down . anubis grab for he weapon . o'neil slam anubis ' arm back to the floor . as anubis ' wrist device hit the floor , the medallion suddenly activate , the laser beginning to form the cylinder . o'neil be shocked . realizing , he hold anubis down . int . ra' craft - medallion room - same 333 ra lift he hand above Daniel . his head begin to distort , particle shifting . Daniel scream out in agony . suddenly the laser begin to form the cylinder around the medallion . through he pain , Daniel sees this and grab ra' wrist . with he foot against the base of ra 's shield , he keep ra off the medallion while hold he arm inside . with every bit of strength Daniel can gather , he hold tight through he torture . the laser encircle the medallion , sealing . unable to pull free , ra' hand be caught in the cylinder . his eye go wide with panic . suddenly the beam activate . ra scream out as he hand be severe . int . stargate room - same 334 o'neil 's eye go wide as he sees ... the cylinder seal up , severing anubis ' head . o' Neil jump back away from the headless body . int . ra' craft - medallion room same 335 Daniel look up at the shocked ra as he , sari and ra' hand be beam downward . just as they disappear , the head of anubis , arrive in they place . ra can not believe he eye . 336 337 338 339 340 341 342 115 . clutch he severe wrist , ra scream out in terrible pain and frustration . he turn towards the child , yell at they to come . frightened , they back away from he . furious , ra storm past they , clutching at he wrist . int . stargate room - same o'neil look over to see the unconscious Daniel and sari lay on the medallion . ext . dune - skaara guard - sunset as the three guard approach , weapon aim , skaara turn to kawalsky for help . kawalsky know all be lose and raise he hand in surrender . feretti do the same . the boy , reluctantly follow they lead . slowly they come out from behind they barricade , surrender . angle - dune - guard and shepherd boy just as they be about to reach the Guards , a lone cry be hear off in the distance . the Guards look around when suddenly kasuf appear at the top of the dune . he lift he arm and scream out a command . suddenly ... thousand of people appear at the top of every dune . the Guards turn just as kasuf scream out a battle cry . rushing over the dune , from every direction , all the worker and townspeople run towards the Guards , scream out . kasuf lead the charge . with primitive tool , mining equipment and make-shift weapon , the people attack . the Guards FIRE , kill several but they be totally outnumbered . before they can escape they be overrun , mobbed . int . sarcophagus room - same shiver with pain , ra move to he sarcophagus . suddenly the SOUND of thousand of voice draw he attention . he move over to a window behind the sarcophagus and sees ... ra' p.o.v . - out window - battle below his guard overrun , a riotous mob outside . stun , ra can not believe what he 's see . furious he make he way over to the many pedestal . 336 337 338 339 340 341 342 343 344 345 346 347 348 116 . frantically he lay he one hand over many of they ina specific sequence . suddenly the entire craft begin to rumble , come to life . ext . pyramid kasuf and skaara sunset 343 in the center of the chaos , skaara stop , listen . soon the rumble grow loud . slowly everyone stop , turn towards the pyramid . kawalsky and feretti , also freeze , look upwards . astonish they hold back they triumph as they see ... pyramid and craft - sunset 344 the craft begin to fold up , prepare for the launch , blast of AIR shoot from the side . int . stargate room - same 345 Daniel be unconscious , sari be not much better . as she cradle he in she arm the room suddenly begin to shake . o'neil get up and bolt for the nuclear device . quickly o'neil begin to assemble it . ext . pyramid - sunset 346 ra 's Space craft begin to lift off . the harsh wind blowing . slowly the craft leave the pyramid , sailing upwards into the sky . angle - kawalsky , skaara and feretti 347 see the craft retreate , they cheer , the harsh wind kick up the sand . int . stargate room - same 348 Daniel begin to wake in the violent shaking of the room . through he haziness he sees o'neil put the bomb back together . daniel no . with all he energy , Daniel pull himself up , move closer to o'neil . daniel ( cont 'd ) no ! we win ! he 's leave ! o'neil click the last part of the bomb in place . a red light turn on at the top of the device , a counter start clicking down . slowly o'neil turn back to Daniel . 117 . o'neil and he will not be come back . 349 int . ra' chamber - same 349 his wrist wrap in he robe , ra have finish the takeoff sequence . his eye fill with tear of humiliation , ra yell out to the child but they do not come . frustrate , ra move to the edge of the doorway and call out to the child . he turn and sees the child have gather onto the medallion , huddle close , fear in they eye . angrily , ra yell over to they . RA ( betrayed ; subtitle ) you can not leave I ! suddenly the medallion activate , the child begin to disappear . ra scream out with anger and betrayal . the child vanish . in they place ra sees ... 350 the nuclear device 350 sitting on top of the medallion be the nuclear device . the digital clock on its side read : 6 ... 5 ... 4 ra 's eye go wide . 351 ext . pyramid - sunset 351 the shepherd boy look up to the sky just as the craft disappear , out of the stratosphere . at the point of disappearance , the craft be replace with a brilliant flash of white light . suddenly the sky ignite with color . the roar of a nuclear explosion . 352 angle - pyramid entrance 352 Daniel , o'neil and sari emerge from the pyramid . from the top of the stair they watch the most amazing light show ever . o'neil and Daniel share a smile . through the doorway behind they we see ra 's " child " squinting as they walk out into the daylight . 353 angle - skaara and shepherd boy 353 skaara and the shepherd boy come rush up to o'neil . kawalsky and feretti walk up behind they . skaara stop before he . o'neil turn to he , wait . 354 355 356 357 358 358a 358b 118. he lift he hand saluting o'neil . slowly o'neil begin to smile . one by one , the rest of the shepherd boy salute . o' Neil stand to attention . finally he proudly lift he hand and return the gesture . kawalsky and feretti share a smile . angle - people 354 below they thousand of people surround the base of the ramp . angle - entrance platform 355 Daniel , o'neil , sari , skaara and kasuf turn towards the mass below . skaara grab Daniel 's hand and lift he fist into the air . a thousand fist 356 all at once a thousand fist be raised with a loud cheer , the battle cry repeat . Daniel be overwhelm with emotion . the mastadge 357 push through the crowd , the mastadge roar out to Daniel . Daniel laugh , turn to sari and hug her tight . wider shot of surrounding area 358 all the shepherd boy , they arm lift above they head . the cheer continue as we pull back wider and wider . the stargate - detail 358a just as the last symbol move into place , the ring igniting . widen to reveal : int . stargate room - pyramid - same 358b feretti , kawalsky and o'neil prepare to enter the gate . skaara and Daniel move close . o'neil hold he hand out for skaara . skaara stare at the hand for a beat . slowly he reach out and shake hand with o'neil . feretti ( to Daniel ) I always know you would get we back . Daniel smile as kawalsky laugh . kawalsky you sure you wanna do this ? 119 . daniel they need I right now . I have get to stay . Daniel nod . o'neil move over to Daniel , shake he hand . there 's a awkward pause . o'neil you gonna be alright ? daniel I will be fine . you ? o'neil yeah . I think so . Daniel reach over and hand something to o'neil . he look down and see the golden SUN disk in he hand . daniel tell Catherine it bring I luck . o'neil I will . o'neil turn and join he man as they step through the gate , disappear . skaara wave goodbye as they go . 358c ext . sand dune - SMALL caravan - later 358c the last of the three sun sets as Daniel and sari lead a caravan away from the pyramid over the dune . the mastadge howl out he beautiful cry . fade to black : end part one