ext . space a vast sea of star severas as a backdrop for the Main title , follow by a rollup , whcih crawl into infinity . there be unrest in the galactic Senate several hundred solar system under the leadership of the rebel leader , Count dooku , have decalr they intention to secede from the Republic . this separatist movement have make it difficult for the limited number of jedi kights to maintain peace and order in the galaxy . Senator amidala , the former Queen of naboo , be return to coruscant to vote on the critical issue of create a army to assist the overwhelm jedi . pan up to reveal the amber city planet of coruscant . a yellow naboo fighter fly over camera toward the planet , follow by a large Royal cruiser and two more fighter . ext . cityscape , coruscant - dawn the ship skim across the surface of the city landscape . the sun glint off the chrome hull of the sleek naboo spacecraft as they navigate between the building of the capital planet . ext . coruscant , landing platform - dawn two naboo fighter land on one leaf of a three - leaf - clover landing platform . the Royal starship land on the central lead , and the third fighter land on the remain plaform . a small group of dignitaries wait to welcome the Senator . one of the member of the group os a well dress jar jar bink , a member of the galactic Representative Commission , and dorme , Senator amidala 's handmaiden . one of the fighter pilot jump from the wing of he ship and remove he helmet . he be captain typho , senator amidala's Security Officer . he move over to a woman pilot . captain typho we make it . I guess I be wrong , there be no danger at all . the ramp ; pwer . two naboo guard appear . senator amidala , one handmaiden ( verse ) and four troopers descend the ramp . amidala be more beautiful now than she be ten year earlier when , as Queen , she be freeing she people from the yoke of the Trade federation . the dignitaries start to move forward . senator amidala reach the foot of the ramp , when suddenly there be a blind flash and a huge explosion . the dignitaries and pilot be hurl to the ground as the starship be destroy . klaxon blare , alarm sound ! captain typho and the two escort pilot get up and run to where senator amidala lie die . Beyond , artoo detoo drop down from the naboo fighter and roll toward the wreckage . the female escort pilot kneel by senator amidala and take off she helmet , revealing senator padme amidala . padmé cordé ... she gather up she decoy double in she arm . cordé 's eye be open . she look up at she . cordé ... I be sorry , m'lady ... I be ... not sure I ... cordé die . padmé hug she . amidala no !... no !... no !... padmé lower cordé to the ground . she get up and look around at the devastation . there be tear in she eye . amidala I should not have come back . captain typho m'lady , you be still in danger . amidala say nothing . captain typho this vote be very important . you do you duty and cordé do hers . now come . ( she do not respond ) m'lady , please ! she turn . they walk away . artoo let out a small whimper and roll off after they . ext . senate build - day the massive Senate Building glisten in the afternoon sun . small patch of fog have still to burn off . int . senate chamber - day the vast rotunda be buzzing with chatter . mas amedda , the Supreme chancellor 's majordomo , try to quiet thing down as palpatine confer with a aide , UV gizen , riding a small one man float scooter . mas amedda order ! we shall have order ! the motion for the Republic to commission a army take precedent , and that be what we will vote on at this time . everything quiet down . the aide disperse , and supreme chancellor palpatine step to the podium . palpatine ... my esteem colleague , excuse I ... I have just receive some tragic and disturbing news . Senator amidala of the naboo system ... have be assassinate ! there be a shock silence in the vast arena . palpatine ( continue ) this grievous blow be especially personal to I . before I become chancellor , I serve amidala when she be Queen . she be a great leader who fight for justice , not only in this honourable assembly , but also on she home planet . she be so love she could have be elect queen for life . she believe in public service , and she fervently believe in democracy . her death be a great loss to we all . we will all mourn she as a relentless champion of freedom ... and as a dear friend . there be a moment of silence . ask aak , the senator of malastare , move he pod into the centre of the arena . senator ask aak how many more Senators will die before this civil strife end ! we must confront this rebel now , and they need a army to do it . a second pod move into the centre of the area with darsana , the ambassador of glee anselm . ambassador darsana why be not the jedi able to stop this assassination ? we be no longer safe , under they protection . Senator orn free taa swing forward in he pod . orn free taa the Republic need more security now ! before it come to war . palpatine must I remind the Senator from malastare that negotiation be continue with the separatist . peace be we objective here ... not war . the senator yell pro and con . mas amedda try to calm thing down . senator padme amidala , with captain typho , jar jar , and dorme , manoeuvre she pod into the centre of the vast arena . amidala my noble colleague , I concur with the Supreme chancellor . at all cost , we do not want war ! the Senate go quiet , then there be a outburst of cheer and applause . palpatine it be with great surprise and joy the chair recognise the Senator from naboo , padmé amidala . padmé less than a hour ago , a assassination attempt be make against my life . one of my bodyguard and six other be ruthlessly and senselessly murder . I be the target but , more importantly , I believe this security measure before you , be the target . I have lead the opposition to build a army ... but there be someone in this body who will stop at nothing to assure it 's passage ... many of the senator boo and yell at senator amidala . padmé ( continue ) I warn you , if you vote to create this army , war will follow . I have experience the misery of war first -hand ; I do not wish to do it again . there be sporadic yell for and against she statement . padmé wake up , Senators ... you must wake up ! if you offer the separatist violence , they can only show we violence in return ! many will lose they life . all will lose they freedom . this decision could very well destroy the very foundation of we great Republic . I pray you do not let fear push you into a disastrous decision . vote down this security measure , which be nothing less than a declaration of war ! do anyone here want that ? I can not believe they do . there be a undercurrent of boo ... and groan . senator orn free taa move he pod next to amidala . orn free taa my motion to defer the vote must be deal with first . that be the rule of law . amidala look angry and frustrated . palpatine give she a sympathetic look . palpatine due to the lateness of the hour and the seriousness of this motion , we will take up this matter tomorrow . until then , the Senate stand adjourned . ext . executive quarter build - day the giant tower of the Republic executive Building seem to reach the heaven . traffic clog the smoggy sky . int . chancellor's office - day chancellor palpatine sit behind he desk with two red-clad royal guard on either side of the door . yoda , plot koon , KI - ad-mundi , and mace windu sit acress from he . palpatine I do not know how much longer I can hold off the vote , my friend . more and more star system be join the separatist . mace windu if they do break away - palpatine no ! I will not let that happen ! mace windu but if they do , you must realise there be not enough jedi to protect the Republic . we be keeper of the peace , not soldier . palpatine master yoda , do you think it will really come to war ? yoda close he eye . yoda worse than war , I fear ... much worse . palpatine what ? mace windu what do you sense , master ? yoda impossible to see ... the Dark side cloud everything . but this I be sure of - ( open he eye ) do they duty the jedi will . a mute buzzer sound . a hologram of a aide , dar wac , appear on the chancellor 's desk . dar wac the loyalist committee have arrive , my Lord . palpatine send they in . they all stand as senator amidala , captain typho , jar jar , mas amedda , dorme , and senator bail organa , horox ryyder and orn free taa enter the office . yoda and mace windu move to greet the senator , yoda tap amidala with he cane . yoda with you the force be strong ... young Senator . to see you alive bring warm feel to my heart . padmé thank you , master yoda . do you have any idea who be behind the attack ? mace windu we intelligence point to disgruntled spice miner , on the moon of naboo . padmé I do not wish to disagree but I think that Count dooku be behind it . there be a stir of surprise . mace windu you know , m'lady , Count dooku be once a jedi . he would not assassinate anyone , it be not in he character . KI - adi -mundi he be a political idealist , not a murderer . yoda in dark time nothing be what it appear to be , but the fact remain Senator , in grave danger you be . palpatine get up , walk to the window , and look out at the vast city . palpatine Count dooku have always avoid any kind of conflict . it appear he have no desire to start a war . why would he kill you ? to what end ? padmé I do not know , but everything in my be tell I he be behind it ... after gaze out of the window for several moment palpatine turn to mace . palpatine master jedi , may I suggest that the Senator be place under the protection of you grace . bail organa do you think that be a wise use of manpower during this stressful time ? padmé chancellor , if I may comment , I do not believe the ... palpatine ... " situation be that serious . " no , but I do , Senator . padmé chancellor , please ! I do not want any more guard ! palpatine I realise all too well that additional security might be disruptive for you , but perhaps someone you be familiar with ... a old friend like ... master kenobi ... palpatine nod to mace windu , who nod back . mace windu that 's possible . he have just return from a border dispute on ansion . palpatine you must remember he , m'lady ... he watch over you during the blockade conflict . padmé this be not necessary , chancellor . palpatine do it for I , m'lady , please . I will rest easier . we have a big scare today . the think of lose you be unbearable . amidala sigh as the jedi get up to leave . mace windu I will have obi-wan report to you immediately , m'lady . yoda lean into she ear . yoda too little about yourself you worry , Senator , and too much about politics . be mindful of you danger , padmé . accept we help . as the jedi leave the office , palpatine continue to pace behind he desk . palpatine I will not like this republiv , that have stand for over a thousand year , be split in two ext . senate apartment - twilight a graceful skyscraper twinkle in the evening light of coruscant . int . senate build , apartment corridor - evening the door to the apartment slide open . jar jar walk into the corridor , where two jedi be exite the elevator . he recognise obi - wan and become extremely excited , jump around , shaking he hand . jar jar obi ! obi ! obi ! Mesa sooo smile to see 'en yousa . wahoooooo ! obi - wan smile . obi - wan it 's good to see you , too , jar jar . jar jar oops ! wheresa mesa manners ? Excuse I , master obi-wan . I completely forget myself for a moment there . I have have to learn diplodiaclect ... speak it like a native now . do not really see the point , actually , but member of the Senate seem to prefer it ... jar jar notice obi - wan' apprentice . jar jar ( continue ) ... and this , I take it , be you apprentice ... nooooooooo ! Annie ? noooooooo ! Little bitty Annie ? ( look at anakin ) nooooooo ! yousa so biggen ! yiyiyiyyi ! Annie !! Mesa no believen . anakin hi , jar jar . jar jar grab hold of anakin and envelop he in a big hug . jar jar Annie ! Annie ! yiyiyiyiyiyiiii ! int . senate build , apartment - evening padme be in a conference with captain typho and dorme . jar jar enter the room , follow by the two jedi . jar jar lookie ... lookie ... oops !... oh , dear , I be afraid I have forget myself again . padme and typho rise as obi - wan and anakin stop before the senator . obi - wan step forward . anakin stare at padme . she glance at he . obi - wan it 's a great pleasure to see you again , m'lady . padmé it have be far too long master kenobi . I be so glad we path have cross again ... but I must warn you that I think you presence here be unnecessary . obi - wan I be sure the jedi Council have they reason . she move in front of anakin padmé Annie ?? ( stare ) my goodness you have grow . they look at each other for a long moment . anakin ( try to be smooth ) so have you ... grow more beautiful , I mean ... and much short ... for a Senator , I mean . obi - wan look disapprovingly at he apprentice . padme laugh and shake she head . padmé oh Annie , you will always be that little boy I know on tatooine . this embarrass anakin , and he look down . obi - wan and captain typho smile . obi - wan we presence will be invisible , m'lady . captain typho I be very grateful you be here , master kenobi . the situation be more dangerous than the Senator will admit . padmé I do not need more security , I need answer . I want to know who be try to kill I . obi - wan ( frown ) we be here to protect you Senator , not to start a investigation . anakin we will find out who be try to kill you padmé , I promise you . he 's do it again . he bite he lip in frustration and shame . obi - wan give anakin a dirty look . obi - wan we be not go to exceed we mandate , my young padawan learner . anakin I mean in the interest of protect she , master , of course . obi - wan we be not go through this exercise again , anakin . you will pay attention to my lead . anakin why ? obi - wan what ??!! anakin why else do you think we be assign to she , if not to find the killer ? Protection be a job for local security ... not jedi . it 's overkill , master . investigation be imply in we mandate . obi - wan we will do as the Council have instruct , and you will learn you place , young one . padmé perhaps with merely you presence , the mystery surround this threat will be reveal . now if you will excuse I I will retire . everyone give amidala a slight bow as she and dorme leave the room . captain typho well , I know I feel a lot better have you here . I will have a officer on every floor and I will be at the command centre downstairs . jar jar Mesa busten wit happiness seein yousa again , Annie . deesa bad time , bombad time . Captain typho leave . anakin she do not even recognise I , jar jar . I think about she every day since we parte ... and she 's forget I completely . jar jar shesa happy . happier de mesa see - en she in longo time . obi - wan anakin , you be focus on the negative again . be mindful of you thought . she be glad to see we . now let check the security here . anakin yes , my master . ext . jedi temple - evening the vast jedi Temple sit on a endless flat plain , silhouett by a against the traffic-filled sky . int . jedi temple , corridor - evening mace windu and yoda walk down the long hallway , silhouett by a light room at the end . mace windu why could not we see this attack on the Senator ? yoda mask the future , be this disturbance in the Force . mace windu the propecy be come true , the Dark side be grow . yoda and only that who have turn to the Dark side can sense the possibility of the future . only go through the Dark side can we see . mace windu it 's be ten year , and the sith still have no show themselves . do you think they be behind this ? yoda ... out there , they be . a certainty that be . mace windu do you think obi-wan 's apprentice will be able to bring balance to the Force ? yoda only if he choose to follow he destiny . there be a long silence as they walk away . only footstep be hear . int . senate build , amidala's apartment , bedroom - night padme be asleep in she bed , light only by the light of the city outside she window come through the blind . artoo stand in the corner of the bedroom . his power be off . int . senate build , amidala's apartment , MAIN r0 om - night anakin be stand in the live room . he be in a meditative state . it be quiet . we hear distant footstep in the corridor outside the apartment . suddenly anakin be eye pop open . his eye dart around the room . he reach for he lightsaber , then smile and put it back in he belt . the door to the apartment slide open , and obi - wan enter . obi - wan Captain typho have more than enough man downstairs . no assassin will try that way . any activity up here ? anakin quiet as a tomb . I do not like just wait here for something to happen to she . obi - wan check a palm -size view scanner he have pull out of he utility belt . it show a shot of artoo by the door , but no sign of padme on the bed . obi - wan what 's go on ? anakin shrug . anakin she cover that camera . I do not think she like I watch she . obi - wan what be she think ? anakin she program artoo to warn we if there 's a intruder . obi - wan it 's not a intruder I be worried about . there be many other way to kill a Senator . anakin I know , but we also want to catch this assassin . do not we , master ? obi - wan you be use she as bait ?? anakin it be she idea ... no harm will come to she . I can sense everything go on in that room . trust I . obi - wan it 's too risky ... and you sense be not that attune , young apprentice . anakin and yours be ? obi - wan possibly . int . senate build , amidala's apartment , bedroom - night as padme sleep , a probe droid approach outside she window . it send out several small arm that attach to the window , create spark that shut down the security system . then a large arm cut a small hole in the glass . a faint SOUND be hear as the small section of glass be remove from the window . artoo wake up , and he light go on . the probe droid freeze . artoo look around , make a plaintive little SOUND , then shut down again . the probe droid attaches a little tube to the window . two deadly looking centipede -like kouhun exit the tube , crawl through the blind and head toward the sleep padme . int . senate build , amidala's apartment , MAIN room - night anakin and obi - wan continue they conversation in the main room of the apartment . obi - wan you look tired . anakin I do not sleep well , anymore . obi - wan because of you mother ? anakin I do not know why I keep dream about she now . I have not see she since I be little . obi - wan dream pass in time . anakin I would rather dream of padmé . just be around she again be ... intoxicating . obi - wan mind you thought , anakin , they betray you . you have make a commitment to the jedi order ... a commitment not easily break ... and do not forget she 's a politician . they be not to be trust . anakin she 's not like the other in the Senate , master . obi - wan it 's be my experience that Senators be only focus on pleasing that who fund they campaign ... and they be more than willing to forget the nicety of democracy to get that fund . anakin not another lecture , master . not on the economics of politics .... it 's too early in the morning ... and besides , you be generalising . the chancellor do not appear to be corrupt . obi - wan palpatine 's a politician , I have observe that he be very clever at follow the passion and prejudice of the Senators . anakin I think he be a good man . my instinct be very positive about ... anakin look stunne . he look sharply at obi - wan obi - wan I sense it , too . int . senate build , amidala's apartment , bedroom - night artoo sound a alarm and shine a light on the bed . the kouhun be inch from padme's face . they mouth be open , and wick stinger tongue flick out . obi - wan and anakin burst into the room . the kouhun stand on they hind leg and hiss as padme wake up . anakin throw himself in front of she , whack in half the deadly creature with he lightsaber . obi - wan see the droid outside the window and raqce straight at it , crash through the blind as he go through the window . ext . window ledge , apartment build - night obi - wan fly through the glass window and fling himself at the probe droid , grab onto the deadly machine before it can flee . the probe droid sink under the weight of obi - wan but manage to stay afloat and fly away , with the jedi hang on for dear life , a hundred storey above the city . int . senate build , amidala's apartment - night anakin and padme stare at the sight of obi - wan be carry off by the droid . anakin turn to she . she pull she nightdress around she shoulder . anakin stay here ! captain typho , with two guard and dorme , enter the room as anakin dash out . ext . cityscape , coruscant - night the probe droid send several protective electrical shock across its surface , cause obi - wan to almost lose he grip . as they dart in and out of the speeder traffic , obi - wan disconnect a wire on the back of the droid . its power shut off ! obi - wan and the droid drop like rock . obi - wan realise the error of he way and quickly put the wire back . the droid be system light up again and it take off . ext . senate apartment - entrance - night anakin charge out of the building and run to a line of park speeder . he vault into a open one and take off , gun it fast toward the line of speeder traffic high above . ext . cityscape , coruscant - night the droid bump against a wall , hope to knock the jedi loose . it move behind a speeder afterburner to scorch he . it takesthe jedi wildly between building and finally skim across a rooftop as obi - wan be force to lift he leg , tenaciously hang onto the droid . the droid head for a dirty , beat - up speeder hide in a alcove of a building about twenty storey up . when the pilot of the speeder , a scruffy bounty hunter call zam wesell , see the droid approach with obi - wan hang on , she pull a long rifle out of the speeder and start to fire at the jedi . explosion burst all around obi - wan . obi - wan I have a bad feel about this . finally , the droid suffer a direct hit and blow up . obi - wan fall fifty storey , until a speeder drop down next to he , and he manage to grab onto the back end of the speeder and haul himself toward the cockpit . the jedi struggle to climb into the passenger seat of the open speeder and sit down next to the driver , anakin . anakin that be wacky ! I almost lose you in the traffic . obi - wan what take you so long ? anakin oh , you know , master , I could not find a speeder I really like , with a open cockpit ... and with the right speed capability ... and then you know I have to get a really gonzo color ... they zoom upward in hot pursuit of zam asshe fire out the open window at they with she laser pistol . obi - wan if you would spend as much time work on you saber skill as you do on you wit , young padawan , you would rival master yoda as a swordsman . anakin I think I already do . obi - wan only in you mind , my very young apprentice . careful !! hey , easy !! as this conversation be go on , anakin deftly move in and out of the oncoming traffic , across lane , between building , and miraculously through a construction site . zam wesell continue fire at they . anakin sorry , I forget you do not like fly , master . obi - wan I do not mind fly ... but what you be do be suicide ! they barely miss a commuter train anakin master , you know I have be fly since before I could walk . I be very good at this . obi - wan just slow down ! zam wessel and the jedi race through a line of cross -traffic make up of giant truck . the speeder bank sideways as they slide around right - angle turn between building . zam race into a tram tunnel . obi - wan ( continue ) wait ! do not go in there ! anakin zoom into the tunnel after zam . they see a tram come at they . they brake , turn around , and race out , barely ahead of the charge commuter transport . obi - wan ( continue ) you know I do not like it when you do that ! anakin sorry , master . do not worry , this guy 's gonna kill himself any minute now ! zam wessel turn into oncoming traffic , deliberately try to throw the jedi off . oncome speeder swerve , try to avoid zam and the jedi . zam do a quick , tight loop - over and end up behind the jedi . she be now in a much better position to fire at they with she laser pistol . to avoid be hit by the laser bolt , anakin slam on the brake and move alongside zam . she now fire point-blank at obi - wan . obi - wan what be you do ? he 's gonna blast I ! anakin right - this be not work . anakin slide underneath Zam 's speeder . they race along in traffic , one speeder right on top of the other . the bounty hunter skim over the rooftop , cause anakin to drop behind . anakin go through he gear , zoom around traffic . they race at high speed across a wide , flat surface of the city planet . a large spacecraft almost collide with they as it attempt to land . they round a corner and clip a flag , which get catch on one of the front air scoops . obi - wan that be too close ! anakin clear that ! obi - wan what ?? anakin clear the flag ! we be lose power ! hurry ! obi - wan lean out of the speeder , then crawl out onto the front engine , pull the flag free of the scoop . the speeder lurch forward with a surge of power . obi - wan whooooaaa ! do not do that ! I do not like it when you do that ! anakin so sorry , master . they chase the bounty hunter through a power refinery . obi - wan it 's dangerous near that power coupling ! slow down ! do not go through there ! huge electrical bolt shoot between the building as the speeder pass . obi - wan ( continue ) yiiii , what be you do ? anakin sorry , master ! obi - wan ( sarcastically ) oh , that be good ... anakin that be crazy !!! zam slide around a corner sideways , block a alley , fire point - blank as anakin approach . anakin ( continue ) ahh , damn . obi - wan stop !! anakin no , we can make it . anakin barely miss the bounty hunter be speeder as he dive under it , and through a small gap in the building hit several pipe and go wildly out of control . anakin struggle to regain control of the speeder , narrowly miss a crane , barely clipping a pair of giant strut . a giant gasball shoot up , cause anakin to spin and bump a building , stalling the speeder . obi - wan I be crazy ... I be crazy ... I be crazy . anakin but it work ... we make it . obi - wan ( angrily ) it do not work ... we have stall ! and you almost get we kill ! anakin I think we be still alive . anakin work to get the speeder start . it quickly race to life . obi - wan ( very angrily ) it be stupid ! anakin ( sheepishly ) I could have make it ... obi - wan ( furious ) but you do not !!! and now we have lose he . suddenly , there be a ambush . laser bolt fire everywhere . explosion surround they . they look up to see zam wessel take off . anakin no we didn’t ... out of a cloud of smoke and ball of flame the jedi tear after zam . they be smoking . obi - wan slap out the small fire on the dashboard . zam go up and down , through cross-traffic . there be a near miss as a speeder almost hit they . zam turn down and leave between two building . anakin pull up and to the right obi - wan where be you go ?! he go down there , the other way . anakin this be a shortcut ... I think . obi - wan what do you mean , '' you think ? '' what kind of shortcut ?! he go completely the other way ! you ’ve lose he ! anakin master , if we keep this chase go , that creepus gonna end up deep fry . personally , i’d very much like to find out who in the hell he be and who heus work for ... obi - wan ( sarcastic ) oh , so that 's why we’re go in the wrong direction . anakin turn up a side street , zoom up several small passageway , then stop , hover about fifty storey up . obi - wan ( continue ) well , you lose he . anakin I ’m deeply sorry , master . anakin look around front and back . he spot something . he seem to start count to himself as he watch something below approach . anakin ( continue ) Excuse I for a moment . anakin jump out of the speeder . obi - wan look down and see Zamus speeder about five storey below they cruise past . anakin miraculously land on top of the bounty hunter’s speeder . the speeder wobble under the impact . zam look up and realise what have happen . zam take off , and anakin slide to the back strut and almost slip off , but manage to hang on . anakin work he way back to the speederus cockpit , just as zam stop suddenly , and anakin fly forward to the leave front fork . zam shoot at he with a laser pistol . there be a blast near anakin be hand , which break off a piece of the speeder . anakin slide to the right fork of the speeder , where zam can n’t reach he . he scramble to the top , hold onto a air scoop . obi - wan have jump into the driverss seat of he speeder and be deftly gain on the rogue speeder . the two speeder dive through oncoming traffic and then through cross traffic . finally , anakin be able to get hold of he lightsaber and start to cut he way through the roof of the speeder . zam take out she laser pistol and start fire at the helpless jedi , knock the sword out of he hand . obi - wan race under the speeder and catch the jedi weapon in the passengerus seat . anakin stick he hand into the cockpit and , use the Force , pull the gun out of zam '' S hand . she grab the jedius hand , and they struggle for the weapon . it go off , blow a hole in the floor of the speeder . the speeder careen wildly out of control . zam struggle to pull the speeder out of it 's nose dive . obi - wan get slowed down by traffic and lose sight of the bounty hunter’s speeder . just as the dragster be about to nose dive into the ground , zam pull it out , and it slide hard on the pavement in a shower of spark . anakin go fly into the street . ext . entertainment STREET - night zam exit the crash speeder and run . anakin pick himself up off the pavement and run down the very crowded street . it 's the seedy underbelly of the city . Broken sidewalk , garish light reflect on the filthy puddle . it 's pretty crowded with various alien low - life , panhandling droid , and the occasional group of upperclass slummer . anakin barge into several of they as he chase after the flee zam . he lose the bounty Hunter in the crowd , they see he again . the young jedi be have a very difficult time get through the crowd . ahead , zam turn in through a door and disappear . a nightclub sigh be flash over the door . anakin be just about to follow zam when there be a sudden swirl of litter from downthruster . people start move out of the way , and the open speeder land in the street beside he . obi - wan get out and walk over , hold out anakin be lightsaber . obi - wan anakin ! anakin she go into that club , master . obi - wan patience . obi - wan hand anakin the lightsaber . obi - wan ( continue ) here . next time try not to lose it . anakin sorry , master . anakin reach for the lightsaber , but obi - wan hold it back . obi - wan a jedi 's saber be he most precious possession . anakin yes , master . he reach for the lightsaber , obi - wan pull it back . obi - wan he must keep it with he at all time . anakin I know , master . obi - wan this weapon be you life ! anakin I have hear this lesson before ... obi - wan finally hold out the lightsaber and anakin grab it . obi - wan but , you have not learn anything , anakin . anakin I try , master . int . nightclub - night obi - wan and anakin enter the nightclub bar , and everyone stare at they obi - wan why do I think you be go to be the death of I ?! anakin do not say that master ... you be the close thing I have to a father ... I love you . I do not want to cause you pain . obi - wan then why do not you listen to I ?! anakin I will . I will do better , I promise . obi - wan do you see he he ? anakin I think he 's a she ... obi - wan then be extra careful ... ( nod to a room ) check it out . obi - wan go away . anakin where be you go , master ? obi - wan to get a drink . obi - wan head for the bar . anakin blink in surprise , then move into the room , where alien face look back at he with hostility , suspicion , and invitation as he move among the table . obi - wan arrive at the bar . he signal the barman . close - somewhere in the room a hand move to a pistol in its holster and unsnap the safety catch . at the bar , a glass be place in from of obi - wan . a drink be pour . he lift the glass . elan sleazebaggano wanna buy some death stick ? obi - wan look at he . he move he finger slightly . obi - wan you do not want to sell I death - stick . elan I do not want to sell you death - stick . obi - wan move he finger . obi - wan you want to go home and rethink you life . elan I want to go home and rethink my life . he leave . obi - wan lift the drink and toss it back . close . the gun be draw from its holster and hold down out of sight . the bounty hunter start to move toward the bar . anakin check out alien face . obi - wan signal for another drink . the gun move toward he unsuspecting back . the drink be pour . obi - wan reach for it . the gun be raise to aim directly at he back , and suddenly obi - wan turn fast . his lightsaber flash . there be a shrill scream and iam' arm hit the floor . the gun drop from its twitching finger . blood spread . the room be silent . alien rise menacingly from they seat , and anakin be suddenly at obi - wan 's side , he lightsaber glow . anakin easy ... official business . go back to you drink . slowly , the alien sit . conversation resume . onstage , the performers pick up they routine . obi - wan and anakin lift zam and carry she out . ext . alley outside nightclub - night obi - wan and anakin carry zam into the alley and lower she to the ground . obi - wan attend to she wounded shoulder . she stare up hatefully at anakin . she wince in pain , then nod . obi - wan do you know who it be you be try to kill ? zam wessel the Senator from naboo . obi - wan who hire you ? zam glare at obi - wan . zam wessel it be just a job . anakin tell we ! zam wessel that Senator 's gonna die soon anyway , and the next one will not make the same mistake I do ... obi - wan this wound 's go to need treatment . anakin who hire you ? tell we ... tell we now ! zam glare hatefully . zam it be a bounty Hunter call ... there be a sudden ftzzz sound . zam twitches . she blink in surprise and die . there be a weoosh from above . obi - wan and anakin look up yo see a armoured rocket -man take off from a roof high above . obi - wan look down at zam . he touch she neck and pull out a small , wick - look dart . obi - wan toxic dart ... int . senate build , amidala's apartment - day anakin and jar jar stand near the door of the anteroom to padme's bedroom . padme and dorme move about pack luggage . padmé Representative bink . I know I can count on you . jar jar yousa betchen mesa bottum . padmé what ?! jar jar ( cough , recover ) oh , pardone - ay , Senator . I mean , I be honoure to accept this heavy burden . I take on this responsibility with deep humility tinged with a overwhelming pride . ( pompously ) it be not every day that I be call upon to ... padme kiss he on the cheek and give he a hug . jar jar turn red . padmé you be a good friend , jar jar . I do not wish to hold you up . I be sure you have a great deal to do . jar jar of course , m'lady . jar jar bow and go out . as he pass anakin , he flash a dazzle smile ... padme be in a very bad mood . padmé I do not like this idea of hide . anakin do not worry . now that the Council have order a investigation , it will not take master obi-wan long to find that bounty hunter . padmé ( frustrated ) I have not work for a year to defeat the " military creation Act " not to be here when its fate be decide . anakin sometimes we have to let go of we pride and do what be request of we . padmé pride ?!? Annie , you be young , and you do not have a very firm grip on politics . I suggest you reserve you opinion for some other time . anakin sorry , m'lady . I be only try to ... padmé Annie ! no ! anakin please do not call I that . padmé what ? anakin Annie ... padmé I have always call you that ... it be you name , be not it ? anakin it 's anakin . when you say Annie it 's like I be still a little boy ... and I be not . padmé I be sorry , anakin . it 's impossible to deny you have ... ( look he over ) ... that you have grow up . padme smile at anakin . he become a little shy . anakin master obi-wan manage not to see it ... padmé mentor have a way of see more of we fault than we would like . it 's the only way we grow . anakin do not get I wrong ... obi-wan be a great mentor . as wise as master yoda and as powerful as master windu . I be truly thankful to be he apprentice . only ... although I be a padawan learner , in some way ... a lot of way ... I be ahead of he . I be ready for the trial . I know I be ! he know it too . he believe I be too unpredictable ... other jedi my age have go through the trial and make it ... I know I start my training late ... but he will not let I move on . padmé that must be frustrating . anakin it 's worse ... he 's overly critical . he never listen ! he just do not understand ! it 's not fair ! padme can not surpress a laugh . she shake she head . padmé I be sorry ... you sound exactly like that little boy I once know , when he do not get he way . anakin I be not whining ! I be not . padme just smile at he . dorme laugh in the background . padmé I do not say it to hurt you . anakin I know ... there be a brief silence . padme come over to anakin . padme anakin ... they look into each other 's eye for the first time . padmé ( continue ) do not try to grow up too fast . anakin I be grow up . you say it yourself . anakin look deep into padme's eye . padmé please do not look at I like that . anakin why not ? padmé because I can see what you be think . anakin ( laugh ) ahh ... so , you have jedi power too ? dorme be watch with concern . padmé it make I feel uncomfortable . anakin sorry , m'lady . anakin back away as padme turn and go back to she pack . ext . coruscant , spaceport freighter dock , transport bus - day a small bus speed toward the massive freighter dock of coruscant 's industrial area . the spaceport be bustling with activity . transport of various size move supplies and passenger as giant float crane lift cargo out of starship . the bus stop before a huge intergalactic freighter starship . it park in the shadow of a overhang . int . coruscant , spaceport freighter dock , transport bus - day anakin and padme , dress in outland peasant outfit , get up and head for the door where captain typho , dorme and obi - wan be wait to hand they they luggage . dorme be dress to look like Senator amidala . captain typho be safe , m'lady . padmé thank you , Captain . take good care of dorme ... the threat 's on you two now . dorme he will be safe with I . they laugh , and padme embrace she faithful handmaiden . dorme start to weep . padmé you will be fine . dorme it 's not I , m'lady . I worry about you . what if they realise I be not you ? padmé ( look to anakin ) then my jedi protector will have to prove how grow up he be . dorme and padme smile . anakin frown as obi - wan pull he aside . obi - wan anakin , you stay put on naboo . do not attract any attention . do absolutely nothing without check in with I or the Council . anakin yes , master . obi - wan ( to padme ) I will get to the bottom of this plot quickly , m'lady . you will be back here in no time . padmé I will be most grateful for you speed , master jedi . anakin time to go . padmé I know . padme give dorme a last hug . anakin pick up the luggage , and the two peasant exit the speeder bus , where artoo be wait for they . obi - wan May the Force be with you . anakin May the Force be with you , master . they head off toward the giant starfreighter . padmé suddenly , I be afraid ... anakin I be kinda scared too . this be my first assignment on my own . padmé there 's nothing to worry about ... we have artoo with we . the two laugh . obi - wan and captain typho watch anakin and padme disappear into the vastness of the spaceport with artoo trundle along behind they . obi - wan I hope he do not try anything foolish . captain typho I would be more concerned about she do something , than he . ext . freighter dock - coruscant - day the freighter slowly take off from the huge dock area of coruscant . it soon move into the crowded sky . int . jedi temple , MAIN hallway - late day from high above , light stream down from the lofty ceiling . obi - wan cross the floor of the great hallway , heaad for the Analysis room . int . jedi temple , analysis cubicle - late day obi - wan walk past several glass cubicle where work be go on . he come to a empty one and sit down in front of a console . a pk-4 analysis droid come to life . a tray slide out of the console . pk - 4 place the subject for analysis on the sensot tray , please . obi - wan put the dart onto the traym which retract into the console . the droid activate the system , and a screen light up in from of obi - wan . obi - wan it 's a toxic dart . I need to know where it come from and who make it . pk - 4 one moment , please . diagram and .... appear on the screem , scrolling past at great speed . obi - wan watch as the screen go blank . they tray slide out . pk - 4 ( continue ) as you can see on you screen , subject weapon do not exist in any know culture . marking can not be identify . probablt self - make by a warrior not associate with any know society . obi - wan Excuse I ? could you try again please ? pk - 4 master jedi , we record be very thorough . they cover eight percent of the galaxy . if I can not tell you where it come from , nobody can . obi - wan pick up the dart and look at it , then look to the droid . obi - wan thanks for you assistance ! you may not be able to figure this out , but I think I know someone who might . ext . space , starship freighter the massive , slow - move freighter suddenly zoom away into lightspeed . int . starfreighter , storage hold - day the great , gloomy hold be crowded with emigrant and they belonging . to one side artoo be come to the head of a food line , where server be ladling out bowl of mush . artoo hold two bowl . server keep move ! keep move ! artoo slip tube into a tub of mush and suck up a large quantity . with one of he little claw - arm , he grab several chunks of something that look like brown bread . a server see he . food server ( continue ) hey ! no droid ! artoo take one last big suck and head away from the food line . the server shout after he angrily . the little droid move past group of eat or sleep emigrant and come to where anakin be sound asleep . the young jedi seem to be have a nightmare . he be very restless . anakin no , no , Mom , no ... he be sweat . padme lean over to wipe some of the sweat from he forehead . he wake up with a start , then realise where he be . padme simply look at he . he stare back , somewhat confuse . artoo fill up two bowl with mush . anakin ( continue ) what ? padmé you seem to be have a nightmare . anakin look at padme a little more closely , try to see if he have reveal any of he secret . she hand he a bowl of mush and bread . padmé ( continue ) be you hungry ? anakin thank you . padmé we go into lightspeed a while ago . anakin look into padme's eye . anakin I look forward to see naboo again . I have think about it every day since I leave . it 's by far the most beautiful place I have ever see ... padme be a little unnerve by he intense stare . padmé you be just a little boy then . it may not be as you remember it ; time change you perception . anakin I think time have give I much more mature feeling to enhance my perception . padmé it must be difficult have swear you life to the jedi ... not be able to visit the place you like ... or do the thing you like ... anakin or be with the people I love . padmé be you allow to love ? I think that be forbidden for a jedi . anakin attachment be forbidden . possession be forbidden . compassion , which I would define as unconditional love , be central to a jedi 's life , so you might say we be encourage to love . padmé you have change so much anakin you have not change a bit . you be exactly the way I remember you in my dream . I doubt if naboo have change much either . padmé it have not ... anakin I can not wait to breathe the sweet breeze that come off the roll hill . whenever I try to visualise the Force , that hill be what I see . anakin look at padme when he say this . anakin ( continue ) I love naboo . there be a awkward moment . padmé ( change the subject ) be you dream about you mother earlier , be not you ? anakin yes ... I leave tatooine so long ago , my memory of she be fade . I do not want to lose it . recently I have be see she in my dream ... vivid dream ... scary dream . I worry about she . padme give anakin a sympathetic look . ext . coruscant , downtown , back STREET - morning obi - wan walk down the street . it be a pretty tough part of town . Old building , warehouse , beat up speeder and transporter rig occasional " shiny freighter " hiss through . obi - wan come to a kind of alien diner . on the steam - up windowa it say " dex's diner " in alien lettering . he go inside . int . coruscant , dex's diner - morning a young waitress , hermione bagwa , be wiping off a booth tabletop . there be a counter with stool and a line of booth along the wall by the window . a number of customer be eat - tough - looking worker , freighter driver etc . hermione look up as obi - wan come in . hermione can I help ya ? obi - wan I be look for dexter . hermione be eye narrow . hermione bagwa waddya want he for ? obi - wan he 's not in trouble . it 's personal . hermione stare at obi - wan . there be a brief pause . then she go to the open serve hatch behind the counter . hermione bagwa someone to see ya , honey ( lowering she voice ) a jedi , by the look of he . steam billow out from the kitchen hatch behind the counter as a huge head poke through . dexter jettster obi-wan ! obi - wan hey , dex . dexter jettster take a seat ! be right with ya ! obi - wan sit in a booth . hermione bagwa you want a cup of ardee ? obi - wan thank you . hermione move off as the door to the counter open and dexter jettster appear . he be big - bald and sweaty , old and alien . not someone to tangle with . he arrive , beam hugely . dexter jettster hey , ol ' buddy ! obi - wan hey , dex . dexter ease himself into the seat opposite obi - wan . he can just make it . hermione set two mug of steaming ardee in from of they . dexter jettster so , my friend . what can I do for ya ? obi - wan you can tell I what this be . obi - wan place the dart on the table between they . dex be eye widen . he put down he mug . dexter jettster well , whattaya know ... dexter pick up the dart delicately between he puffy finger and peer at it . dexter jettster ( continue ) I be not see one of this since I be prospect on subterrel beyond the Outer rim ! obi - wan do you know where it come from ? dexter grin . he put the dart down between they . dexter jettster this baby belong to they cloner . what you get here be a kamino kyberdart . obi - wan kamino kyberdart ... I wonder why it do not show up in any analysis archive . dexter jettster it 's this funny little cut on the side give it away ... that analysis droid you have get over there only focus on symbol , you know . I should think you jedi would have more respect for the difference between knowledge and wisdom . obi - wan well , dex , if droid could think , we would not be here , would we ? ( laugh ) kamino ... do not sound familiar . be it part of the Republic ? dexter jettster no , it 's beyond the Outer rim . I would say about twelve parsec outside the Rishi maze , toward the south . it should be easy to find , even for that droid in you archive to find . that kaminoan keep to themselves . they be cloner . damned good one , too . obi - wan then pick up the dart , hold it midway between they . obi - wan cloner ? be they friendly ? dexter jettster it depend . obi - wan on what , dex ? dexter grin . dexter jettster on how good you manners be ... and how big you pocketbook be ... ext . naboo spaceport - day the starfreighter land in the giant port city of theed . padme , anakin and artoo be among the emigrant stream from the starfreighter and into the vast docking area . they exit onto the main plaza . ext . naboo palace , grand courtyard ( naboo ) - afternoon the speeder bus pull up and stop . padme , anakin , and artoo get out . the great courtyard stretch out before they , and they see the rise - color dome of the palace on the far side . artoo whistle . they pick up they gear and start to cross the courtyard . artoo trundle behind they . anakin if I grow up here , I do not think I would ever leave . padmé ( laugh ) I doubt that . anakin no , really . when I start my training , I be very homesick and very lonely . this city and my Mom be the only pleasant thing I have to think about ... the problem be , the more I think about my Mom , the worse I feel . but I would feel better if I think about the palace - the way it shimmer in the sunlight - the way the air always smell of flower ... padmé ... and the soft sound of the distant waterfall . the first time I see the Capital , I be very young ... I would never see a waterfall before . I though they be so beautiful ... I never dream one day I would live in the palace . anakin well , tell I , do you dream of power and politics when you be a little girl ? padmé ( laugh ) no ! that be the last thing I think of . my dream be to help in the " refugee relief Movement . " I never think of run for elect office . but the more history I study , the more I realise how much good politician could do . so when I be eight , I join the " apprentice legislator " , then later on become a senatorial advisor , with such a passion that , before I know it , I be elect Queen . partly because I score so high on my education certificate , but for the most part it be my conviction that reform be possible . I be not the youngest Queen ever elect , but now that I think back on it , I be not sure I be old enough . I be not sure I be ready . anakin the people you serve think you do a good job . I hear they try to amend the constitution so you could stay in office . padmé popular rule be not democracy , Annie . it give the people what they want , not what they need . and , truthfully , I be relieved when my two term be up . so be my parent . they worried about I during the blockade and could not wait for it all to be over . actually , I be hope to have a family by now ... my sister have the most amazing , wonderful kid ... but when the Queen ask I to serve as Senator , I could not refuse she . anakin I agree ! I think the Republic need you ... I be glad you choose to serve . I feel thing be go to happen in we generation that will change the galaxy in profound way . padmé I think so too . anakin and padme walk toward the palace . artoo continue to follow . int . naboo palace , throne room - afternoon quen jamillia be seat on the throne , flanke by sio bibble and a couple of advisor . four handmaiden stand close by , and guard be at the door . queen jamillia we have be worried about you . ( take she hand ) I be so glad you be safe , padmé . padmé thank you , you highness . I only wish I could have serve you better by stay on coruscant for the vote . sio bibble give the circumstance , Senator , you know it be the only decision her highness could have make . queen jamillia how many system have join Count dooku and the separatist ? padmé about two hundred . and more be leave the Republic every day . if the Senate vote to create a army , I be sure it 's go to push we into a civil war . sio bibble it 's unthinkable ! there have not be a full - scale war since the formation of the Republic ! queen jamillia do you see any way , through negotiation , to bring the separatist back into the Republic ? padmé not if they feel threaten . the separatist do not have a army , but if they be provoke , they will move to defend themselves . I be sure of that . and with no time or money to build a army , my guess be they will turn to the commerce Guilds or the Trade federation for help . queen jamillia the army of commerce ! why have nothing be do in the Senate to restrain they ? padmé I be afraid that , despite the chancellor 's best effort , there be still many bureaucrat , judge , and even Senators on the payroll of the Guilds . sio bibble it 's outrageous ! after all of that hearing , and the four trial in the Supreme Court , nute gunray be still the viceroy of the Trade federation . do that money monger control everything ? queen jamillia remember , counsellor , the court be able to reduce the federation 's army . that 's a move in the right direction . padmé there be rumour , you highness , that the federation Army be not reduce as they be order . anakin the jedi have not be allow to investigate . it would be to be too dangerous for the economy , we be tell . queen jamillia we must keep we faith in the Republic . the day we stop believe democracy can work be the day we lose it . padmé let 's pray that day never come . queen jamillia in the meantime , we must consider you own safety . sio bibble signal . all the other advisor and attendant bow and leave the room . sio bibble ( to anakin ) what be you suggestion , master jedi ? padmé anakin 's not a jedi yet , counsellor . he 's still a padawan learner . I be think ... anakin ( nettle ) hey , hold on a minute ! padmé Excuse I ! I be think I would stay in the Lake country . there be some place up there that be very isolate . anakin Excuse I ?! I be in charge of security here , m'lady . sio bibble and queen jamillia exchange a look . something be go on here . padmé Annie , my life be at risk , and this be my home . I know it very well ... that be why we be here . I think it would be wise for you to take advantage of my knowledge in this instance . anakin ( take a deep breath ) sorry , m'lady . sio bibble ( to anakin , amused ) she be right . the Lake country be the most remote part of naboo . not many people and a clear view of the surround terrain . queen jamillia perfect . it 's settle then . anakin glare at padme . then queen jamillia get up , and they all start to leave . queen jamillia ( continue ) padmé , I have a audience with you father yesterday . I tell he what be happen . he hope you will visit you mother before you leave ... you family 's very worried about you . padme look worr . they all exit down the main staircase . ext . jedi temple - day the main entrance at the base of the huge temple be bustling with activity . all sort of jedi be come and go . int . jedi temple , archive library - day a bronze bust of Count dooku , stand among a line of other bust of jedi in the Archive room . obi - wan stand in front it , study the strike feature of the chisell face . on the wall , light computer panel seem to stretch into infinity . farther along the room in the background , five jedi be seat at table , study archival material . after obi - wan study the bust for a few moment before madame jocasta nu , the jedi archivist be stand next to he . she be a elderly , frail - look human jedi . tough as old boot and smart as a whip . jocasta nu do you call for assistance ? obi - wan ( distract in think ) yes ... yes , I do ... jocasta nu he have a powerful face , do not he ? he be one of the most brilliant jedi I have have the privilege of know . obi - wan I never understand why he quit . only twenty jedi have ever leave the order . jocasta nu ( sigh ) the lose twenty ... and Count dooku be the most recent and the most painful . no one like to talk about it . his leave be a great loss to the order . obi - wan what happen ? jocasta nu well , one might say , he be always a bit out of step with the decision of the Council ... much like you old master , qui-gon jinn . obi - wan ( surprised ) really ? jocasta nu oh , yes . they be alike in many way . very individual thinker ... idealist ... jocasta nu stare at the bust jocasta nu ( continue he be always strive to become a more powerful jedi . he want to be the best . with a lightsaber , in the old style of fencing , he have no match . his knowledge of the Force be ... unique . in the end , I think he leave because he lose faith in the Republic . he believe that politics be corrupt , and he feel the jedi betrayed themselves by serve the politician . he always have very high expectation of government . he disappear for nine or ten year , then he just show up recently as the head of the separatist movement . obi - wan interesting ... I be still not sure I understand . jocasta nu well , I be sure you do not call I over here for a history lesson . be you have a problem , master kenobi ? obi - wan yes , I be try to find a planet system call kamino . it do not seem to show upon any of the archive chart . jocasta nu kamino ? it 's not a system I 'm familiar with ... let I see ... jocasta nu lean over obi - wan be shoulder , look at the screen . jocasta nu ( continue ) be you sure you have the right co-ordinate ? obi - wan ( nodd ) accord to my information , it should be in this quadrant somewhere ... just south of the Rishi maze . jocasta nu tap the keyboard and frown . jocasta nu no co-ordinate ? it sound like the kind of direction you would get from a street tout ... some old miner or furbog trader . obi - wan all three actually . jocasta nu be you sure it exist ? obi - wan absolutely . jocasta nu let I do a gravitational scan . obi - wan and jocasta nu studt the star map hologram . jocasta nu there be some inconsistency here . maybe the planet you be look for be destroy . obi - wan would not that be on record ? jocasta nu it ought to be . unless it be very recent . ( shake she head ) I hate to say it , but it look like the system you be search for do not exist . obi - wan that 's impossible ... perhaps the archive be incomplete . jocasta nu the archive be comprehensive and totally secure , my young jedi . one thing you may be absolutely sure of - if a item do not appear in we record , it do not exist ! obi - wan stare at she , then look back at the map . ext . theed , residential area , side STREET - afternoon people be pass through the little street , old men be sun themslves , women be gossip , kide be play . anakin , padme and artoo turn onto a side street . anakin be back in he jedi robe . padme wear a beautiful simple dress . she stop , beam . padme there 's my house ! padme start forward ; anakin hang back . padme ( continue ) what ? do not say you be shy ! anakin ( untruthfully ) no , but I ... suddenly , there be shout from two little giril , ryoo ( age 6 ) and pooja ( age 4 ) . they come run toward padme . ryoo &amp ; pooja aunt padme !! aunt padme !! padme ryoo !! pooja !! padme scoops up ryoo and pooja and hug they . padme ( continue ) I be so happy to see you ! this be anakin . anakin , this be ryoo , and this be pooja . anakin and the girl say hello shyly . then : ryoo &amp ; pooja artoo !!! as they see the droid , they hug he . artoo whistle and beeps . padme laugh . anakin and padme go on toward the house . the girl stay and play with artoo . int . padme's parent ' house , MAIN room - afternoon sola , padme's beautiful older sister , come in from the kitchen carry a big bowl of food . sola ( over she shoulder ) they be eat over at jev narran 's later , Mom . they just have a snack . they will be fine . sola put the bowl down on the table , where anakin , padme and ruwee naberrie ( padme 's father ) be come into the room . padme anakin , this be my sister , sola . sola hello , anakin . anakin hello . sola sit , as jobal naberrie ( padme 's mother ) come in with a heape bowl of steaming food . jobal you be just in time for dinner . I hope you be hungry , anakin . anakin a little . padme he 's be polite , Mom . we be starve . ruwee ( grin ) you come to the right place at the right time . sit down , son . everyone sit and start pass food . jobal ( to padme ) honey , it 's so good to see you safe . we be so worried . padme give jobal a dirty look . ruwee smile as he watch . ruwee dear ... jobal I know , I know ... but I have to say it . now it 's do . sola well , this be exciting ! do you know , anakin , you be the first boyfriend my sister 's ever bring home ? padme ( roll she eye ) sola !! he be not my boyfriend ! he 's a jedi assign by the Senate to protect I . joval a bodyguard ?! oh , padme ! they do not tell we it be that serious ! padme it 's not , Mom , I promise . ( glance at jobal ) anyway , anakin 's a friend . I have know he for year . remember that little boy who be with the jedi during the blockade crisis ? they nod . padme ( continue ) he grow up . jobal honey , when be you go to settle down ? have not you have enough of that life ? I certainly have ! padme Mom , I be not in any danger . ruwee ( to anakin ) be she ? anakin ... yes ... I be afraid she be . padme ( quickly ) but not much . ext . padme's parent ' garden - afternoon anakin and ruwee be walk . ruwee sometimes I wish I would travel more ... but I must say , I be happy here . anakin padme tell I you teach at the university ? ruwee ( nodd ) yes , and before that , I be a builder . I also work for the refugee relief Movement , when I be very young . int . padme's parent ' house , MAIN room - afternoon padme , sola and jobal be clear the table . sola why have not you tell we about he ? padmé what 's there to talk about ? he 's just a boy . sola a boy ? have you see the way he look at you ? padmé sola - stop it ! sola it 's obvious he have feeling for you . be you say , little baby sister , that you have not notice ? padmé I be not you baby sister , sola . anakin and I be friend ... we relationship be strictly professional . ( to jobal ) Mom , would you tell she to stop it ? sola ( laugh ) well , maybe you have not notice the way he look at you . I think you be afraid to . padmé cut it out . jobal sola 's just concerned ... we all be . padmé oh , Mom , you be impossible . what I be do be important . jobal you have do you service , padmé . it 's time you have a life of you own . you be miss so much ! ext . padme's parent ' garden - afternoon anakin and ruwee be walk in the garden . ruwee stop and face anakin directly . ruwee now tell I , son . how serious be this thing ? how much danger be my daughter really in ? anakin there have be two attempt on she life . chance be there will be more . my master be tracking down the assassin . I be sure he will find out who they be . this situation , will not last long . ruwee I do not want anything to happen to she . anakin I do not either . int . padme's parent ' house , padme's room - afternoon padme throw some thing into a bag . padme do not worry , this will not take long . anakin I just want to get there before dark . padme go on pack . anakin look around the room . anakin ( continue ) you still live at home . padme I move around so much , I have never have a place of my own . official residence have no warmth . I feel good here . I feel at home . anakin I never have a real home . Home be always where my Mom be . anakin pick up a frame hologram . anakin ( continue ) be this you ? the hologram show padme at age seven or eight surround by forty or fifty little green creature . she be hold one in she arm . they be all smile hugely . padme that be when I go with the relief Group to shadda-bi-boran . they sun be implode , and the planet be die . I be help to relocate the child . see that little one I be hold ? his name be n'a-kee-tula , which mean sweethear . he be so full of life , . all that kid be . I do everything I could to save he , but he die ... they all do . they be never able to adapt ... to live off they native planet . anakin pick up another hologram . it show padme at age ten or eleven . she be wear official robe and stand between two robe legislator . her expression be severe . padme ( continue ) my first day as a apprentice legislator . notice the difference ? padme pull a face . anakin grin . she continue pack . anakin set the two hologram down side by side - the beam little girl , and the the stern , unsmile adolescent . int . jedi temple , MAIN hallway - day obi - wan walk through the main hallway to the training area . int . jedi temple , training veranda - day obi - wan come out onto the veranda and stop , watch twenty or so four -year-old do training exercise , supervise by yoda . they wear helmet over they eye and try to strike little training droid with they miniature lightsaber . the droid dance in front of they . yoda do not think ... feel ... be as one with the Force . help you , it will . ( he see obi-wan ) youngling - enough ! a visitor we have . welcome he . the child take off they helmet and turn off they lightsaber . yoda ( continue ) master obi-wan kenobi , meet the mighty bear clan . child welcome , master obi-wan ! obi - wan I be sorry to disturb you , master . yoda what help to you , can I be ? obi - wan I ’m look for a planet describe to I by a old friend . I trust he . but the system do n’t show up on the archive map . yoda a interesting puzzle . Gather round the map reader , youngling . master obi-wan have lose a planet . find it , we will try ... the map reader be a small shaft with a hollow open at the top . the cchild gather around it . obi - wan take out a little glass ball and place it into the bowl . the window shade close darken the room and the reader light up , project the star map hologram into the room . the child laugh . some of they reach up to try and touch the nebulae and star . obi - wan walk into the display . obi - wan this be where it ought to be ... but it isn’t . gravity be pull all the star in this area inward to this spot . there should be a star here ... but there be n’t . yoda most interesting . gravity 's silhouette remain , but the star and all its planet have disappear . how can this be ? there be a brief pause . then a child put its hand up . yoda nod . jedi child jack because someone erase it from the archive memory . child that 's right ! yes ! that 's what happen ! someone erase it ! jedi child may if the planet blow up , the gravity would go away . obi - wan stare ; yoda chuckle . yoda truly wonderful , the mind of a child be . unclutter . to the centre of the pull of gravity go , and find you planet you will . obi - wan but master yoda who could have erase information from the archive ? that 's impossible , be n’t it ? yoda ( frown ) much harder to answer , that question be . ext . naboo lake retreat , water speeder , landing platform - late afternoon a water speeder drive by paddy accu , the retreat caretaker , skim across the lake away from the island landing platform where a chrome naboo starship rest . anakin and padme be sit in the speeder as it skim away to where a lodge rise on a beautiful island in the middle of the lake . ext . naboo lake retreat , lodge , garden terracem late afternoon anakin and padme walk up the stair from where the water speeder be park onto a terrace overlook a lovely garden . behind they , paddy accu supervise two serve girl , nandi and teckla , as they carry the bag into the Lodge . anakin and padme stop at the balustrade . padme look out across the garden to the shimmer lake and the mountain rise beyond . anakin look at she silently . padmé when I be in level Three , we use to come here for school retreat . see that island ? we use to swim there every day . I love the water . anakin I do too . I guess it come from grow up on a desert planet . padme become aware that anakin be look at she . padmé ... we use to lie on the sand and let the sun dry we ... and try to guess the name of the bird sing . anakin I do n’t like sand . it 's coarse and rough and irritate , and it get everywhere . not like here . here everything 's soft ... and smooth ... he touch she arm . padme have become receptive to the way he look at she but be nervous . padmé there be a very old man who live on the island . he use to make glass out of sand - and vase and necklace out of the glass . they be magical . anakin ( look into she eye ) everything here be magical . padmé you could look into the glass and see the water . the way it ripple and move . it look so real ... but it wasn’t . anakin sometimes , when you believe something to be real , it become real . Real enough , anyway ... they look into each other 's eye . he touch she chin . padmé I use to think if you look too deeply into glass , you would lose yourself . anakin I think it 's true ... anakin kiss padme . she do not resist . she come to she sense and pull away . padmé I should not have do that . anakin I be sorry . when I be around you , my mind be no longer my own . padmé it 's the situation ... the stress ... he look at she . anakin ... the view . ext . coruscant , landing platform - late afternoon obi-wan 's starfighter be ready for takeoff . obi - wan and mace windu stand beside it . mace windu be wary , this disturbance in the Force be grow stronger . obi - wan I be concerned for my padawan . he be not ready to be on he own . yoda the Council be confident in this decision , obi-wan . mace he have exceptional skill . the Council be confident in its decision , obi-wan . if the prophecy be true , he weill be the one to bring balance to the Force . obi - wan but he still have much to learn . and he ability have make he ... well ... arrogant . I realise now what you and master yoda know from the beginning ... the boy be too old to start the training and ... obi - wan hesitates . mace windu there 's something else ? obi - wan master , he should not have be give this assignment . I be afraid anakin will not be able to protect the Senator . mace windu why ? obi - wan he have a... a emotional connection with she . it 's be there since he be boy . now he 's confuse ... distract . mace - windu obi-wan , you must have faith that he will take the right path . obi - wan climb into the cockpit of the starfighter . obi - wan have master yoda gain any insight into whether or not this war will come about ? mace windu probe the Dark side be a dangerous process . he could be in seclusion for day ... May the force be with you . int . jedi temple , yoda' quarter - late afternoon yoda sit with he eye close , meditate . silence . ext . naboo lake retreat , lounge , late afternoon the set sun touch the mountain peak . the lake glow in the rose-tinte light . floatinf lamp glean softly like jewel at the lodge . int . naboo lake retreat , dine room - late afternoon nandi place dessert in front of padme . teckla do the same for anakin . the dessert be some kind of fruit . padme pick up she fork and go to spear a piece , but it move ! she frown and try again - the fruit move . she lokk up at anakin . his eye be on he plate . padme you do that ? anakin look up - wide - eye innocence . anakin what ? padme scowl at he . padme jab at the fruit - anakin subtly move he hand and it lift up from the plate and hover in front of she . padme that ! now stop it ! padme laugh . anakin laugh . she reach out for the fruit - it loop . padme ( continue ) anakin !! anakin move he finger . the fruit fly into he hand . anakin I be not really suppose to do that ... for fun , I mean . if master obi-wan be here , he would be very grumpy . anakin be pleased . he cut the fruint into several piece and send one back to padme . she bite it out of the air and laugh . int . naboo lake retreat , lodge , fireplace alcove - twilight a fire blaze in the open hearth . padme be sit in front of it , gaze at the flame . she look up as anakin arrive . she make room for he . brief pause . anakin May I tell you something ? padme I do not know . anakin then how can I tell you ? padme maybe you should use you jedi intuition . anakin it do not work around you . my mind be always a muddle ... I can only think of you . padme anakin , do not ... anakin from the moment I meet you , all that year ago , a day have not go by when I have not think of you . and now that I be close to you again , I be in agony . the closer I get to you , the worse it get . the think of not be with you mske my stomach turn over - my mouth go dry . I feel dizzy . I can not breathe . I be haunt by the kiss you should never have give I . my heart be beat , hope that kiss will not become a scar . you be in my very soul , torment I . what can I do ? I will do anything you ask ... silence . the log flame in the hearth . anakin ( continue ) if you be suffer as much as I be , tell I . padme ... I can not . we can not . it 's just not possible . anakin anything 's possible . padme , please listen ... padme you listen . we live in a real world . come back to it . you be study to become a jedi knight . I be a Senator . if you follow you thought through to conclusion , they will take we to a place we cannot go ... regardless of the way we feel about each other . anakin then you do feel something ! there 's a extraordinary connection between we . you can not deny that . padme Annie , it do not make any difference . jedi be not allow to marry . you swore a oath , remember ? you would be expell from the order . I will not let you give up you responsibility ... you future , for I . anakin I be destine to be a jedi . I do not think I could be anything else . but you be ask I to be rational . that be something I know I cannot do . I wish I could wish my feeling away ... but I can not . padme I be not go to give into this . I be not go to throw my life away . I have more important thing to do than fall in love . there be silence as they stare at the fire . anakin be think . anakin it would not have to be that way ... we could keep it a secret . padme then we would be live a lie - one we could not keep even if we want to . Mt sister see it . so do my mother . I could not do that . could you , anakin ? could you live like that ? silence for a moment . anakin ... no , you be right . it would destroy we . ext . space it 's just like the star map hologram , plus the storm - shroud planet of kamino , which be exactly where it ought to be . obi-wan 's starship fly over camera and head down toward the planet . ext . tipoca CITY , kamino landing platform ( rainstorm ) - day heavy ran and hard - drive wind lash the platform as obi-wan 's starship approach . the huge , ultra-modern city of tipoca rest on great stilt that keep it above the pound and ever- present wave that cover the surface of this watery world . the starfighter land . obi - wan get out and make he way through the bowl wind toward a tower on the far side of the platform . a door slide open . a shaft of brilliant light pierce the swirl rain . obi - wan pass through it and go inside . int . tipoca CITY , corridor entrance a brilliant white light . obi - wan push the soaking hood from he face . taun we welcome to tipoca City , master jedi . obi - wan wipe the rain from he face and blink in surprise at a tall , pasty - white alien name taun we . he have large , almond shape eye . taun we everything be ready . the Prime Minister expect you . obi - wan ( warily ) I be expect ? taun we of course ! he be anxious to see you . after all this year , we be beginning to think you be not come . now please , this way ! obi - wan mask he surprise as they move away along the corridor . obi-wan follow taun we cautiously . int . tipoca CITY , prime minister office - day the door slide open . obi - wan and taun we enter and cross to where lama su rise , smile , from behind he desk , which , like all the furniture on kamino , seem make out of pure light . taun we May I present lama Su , Prime Minister of kamino ... and this be master jedi ... obi - wan obi-wan kenobi . lama su please ... lama su indicate a chair . obi - wan sit . taun we hover . the room be bath in brilliant white light . the whole place be ultra high - tech . lama su I trust you be go to enjoy you stay . we be most happy you have arrive at the best part of the season . obi - wan you make I feel most welcome . lama su and now to business . you will be delighted to hear we be on schedule . two hundred thousand unit be ready , with another million well on the way . obi - wan ( improvise ) that be ... good news . lama su please tell you master sido - dyas that we have every confidence he order will be meet on time and in full . he be well , I hope ? obi - wan I be sorry master - ? lama su jedi master sifo - dyas . he 's still a lead member of the jedi Council , be he not ? obi - wan oh , yes . sido-dyas . lama su ( rise ) you must be anxious to inspect the unit for yourself . obi - wan that 's why I be here . ext . naboo , mountain meadow - later afternoon padme and anakin be in the middle of a idyllic hilly meadow , its lush grasses sprinkle with flower . at a distance , a herd of shaak graze contentedly . Beyond be the shimmer expanse of the lake . several other lake stretch to the horizon . the warm air be full of little float puffball . they sit on the grass , in a playful , coy mood , talk . padme be pick flower . padmé I do not know ... anakin sure you do ... you just do not want to tell I . padmé be you go to use one of you jedi mind trick on I ? anakin they only work on the weak -mind . you be anything but weak -mind . padmé all right ... he name be palo . I be twelve . we be both in the legislative youth Program . he be a few year older then I ... very cute ... dark curly hair ... dreamy eye . anakin all right , I get the picture ... whatever happen to he ? padmé I go on to become a Queen . he go on to become a artist . anakin maybe he be the smart one . padme you really do not like politician , do you ? anakin I like two or three , but I be not really sure about one of they . ( smile ) I do not think the system work . padme how would you have it work ? anakin we need a system where the politician sit down and discuss the problem , agree what 's in the best interest of all the people , and then do it . padme that be exactly what we do . the trouble be that people do not wlway agree . in fact , they hardly ever do . anakin then they should be make to . padme by whom ? who 's go to make they ? anakin I do not know . someone . padme you ? anakin of course not I . padme but someone . anakin someone wise . padme that sound a awful lot like a dictatorship to I . a mischievious little grin creep across he face . anakin well , if it work ... padme stare at anakin . he look back at she , straight - face , and can not hold a smile . padmé you be make fun of I . anakin ( sarcastic ) on no , I would be much too frighten to tease a Senator . padmé you be so bad ! padme pick up a piece of fruit and throw it at he . he catch it . padme throw two more piece of fruit , and anakin catch they . anakin you be always so serious . always carry the weight of the universe on you shoulder . anakin then start to juggle the fruit . padme laugh and throw more fruit at he . he manage to juggle they too until there be too many , and he lose control and duck , let food fall on he head . they both laugh . anakin stand in front of a shaak , yell at it and wave he arm . padme start laugh as anakin run in circle , chase by the shaak . the shaak cross in front of padme . anakin be riding it , face the shaak be tail . the shaak buck , and anakin fall off . padme laugh even harder . anakin lie still . padme jump uip and run to where anakin be face down in the grass . she turn he over . he be pull a stupid face at she . she yelp in mock fury and take a swing at he . he catch she arm . she struggle . they roll over in the grass . suddenly , they become aware of the contact between they . they let go of each other quickly and sit up , look away . anakin stand up and hold out he hand to she . she take it . he pull she up . and now they be easy together , not self - conscious any more . padme scramble up onto the shaak behind anakin . she put she arm around he waist and lean against he back . abajub dig he heel in . the shaak start forward , and they ride away . ext . tipoca CITY , parade ground ( rainstorm ) - day obi - wan , lama su and taun we come out onto a balcony . below be a huge parade ground . the rain and wind be brutal . thousand of stormtrooper , face cover by helmet , be march and drilling in formation of several hundred . lama su ( beam ) magnificent , be not they ? obi - wan nod slowly . int . tipoca CITY , clone CENTER , comminssary - day lama su conduct obi - wan through a large eat area . taun we follow as they walk by hundred of clone who look exactly alike , all about twenty year old , dress in black . they be seat at table , eat . lama su we modify they genetic structure to make they less independent than the original host . as a result they be totally obedient , take any order without question . obi - wam who be the original host ? lama su a bounty hunter call jango fett . we feel a jedi would be the perfect choice , but sido - dyas hand - pick jango fett himself . obi - wan where be this bounty hunter now ? lama su oh , we keep he here . after a few hundred thousand clone , the genetic pattern start to fade , so we take a fresh supply . he life here , but he 's free to come and go as he please . int . tipoca CITY , clone CENTER , barracks - day the tour continue through a long corridor foll with narrow , transparent tube into which clone be climb . once in the tube , the clone go to sleep . lama su apart from he pay , which be considerable , fett demand only one thing - a unalter clone for himself . curious be not it ? obi - wan unalter ? lama su pure genetic replication . no tamper with the structure to make it more docile ... and no growth acceleration ... obi - wan I would like to meet this jango fett . taun we I would be most happy to arrange it , for you . taun we bow , and leave . int . tipoca CITY , clone CENTER , classroom - day the tour continue through a classroom fill with identical young boy clone . obi - wan you mention growth acceleration ... lama su oh yes , it 's essential . otherwise , a mature clone would take a lifetime to grow . now , we can do it in half the time . that item you see on the parade ground be start ten year ago , when sido-dyas first place the order , and they be already mature ... obi - wan look at the boy clone . obi - wan and this ? lama su about five year ago . int . tipoca CITY , clone CENTER , hatchery - day they enter a space fill with great rack of glass sphere , which be fill with fluid in which embryos be suspend . lama su they be immensely superior to droid , capable of independent think and action . obi - wan very impressive . lama su I would hope you would be pleased . obi - wan gaze at the nearest embryos . obi - wan ( carefully ) tell I , prime minister , when my master sido- dyas first contact you , do he say the order be for ... himself ... or ? lama su himself ? of course not . this army be for the Republic ? obi - wan ( astonished ) the repubic ? lama su we be also very much agasint this Count dooku and he seccessionist movement . we be proud to be of help to the Republic . int . tipoca CITY , apartment - late day taun we show obi - wan into he room . taun we I have arrange for you to meet jango fett in the morning . sleep well . taun we go . the door slide close behind he . obi - wan look around , then move swiftly to check the room over . finally , satisfied , he take out he comlink . obi - wan arfour , arfour ... ext . tipoca CITY landing platform , jedi fighter , ( rainstorm ) - late day the r4 d17 , obi-wan 's astro - droid , who be sit on top of obi-wan 's starfighter , switch on and beeps . int . tipoca CITY , apartment - late day obi - wan hear arfour beep through he comlink . obi - wan arfour , relay this , " scramble code five , " to courscant : care of " the old folk home . " ext . tipoca CITY landing platform , jedi fighter , ( rainstorm ) - late day arfour beeps and whistle . the panel light up inside the cockpit , as the message be transmit . ext . jedi temple , livinf quarter - early evening yoda and mace windu listen as a hologram of obi - wan stand between they broadcasting the massage . the singnal be very weak , the image fade in and out . obi - wan ( v.o. ) ... I have never hear of a jedi call sido - dyas , have you , master ? mace windu no . whoever place that order be not a jedi , I can assure you . obi - wan ( v.o. ) I have a strong feel that this bounty hunter be the assassin we be look for . yoda who he be work for ... discover that , you must . obi - wan ( v.o. ) I will , master , and I will also find out more about this clone army ... May the Force ... the hologram switch off , and obi - wan fade away . windu a clone army ! order by someone in the Senate perhaps ... someone 's out to start a war . yoda inform the chancellor of this , we must . windu who do you think this impostor sido - dyas , could be ? yoda stare back at mace windu , then slowly shake he head . ext . naboo lake retreat - night the silent lodge . the triple moon of naboo reflect in the tranquil water of the lake . int . naboo lake retreat , anakin' bedroom - night anakin move restlessly in he sleep . he mutter to himself . sweat form on he forehead . he turn violently . he cry out . anakin no ... no ... no ... Mom !... do not , no , do not ! ext . naboo lake retreat , lodge , balcony overlooking garden - morning anakin be on the balcony overlook the garden . after a moment , pamde come onto the balcony behind he . she see he be meditate and turn to go . anakin ( eye close ) do not go . pamde I do not want to disturb you . anakin you presence be soothing . brief pause . padme you have a nightmare again last night . anakin jedi do not have nightmare . padme I hear you . anakin be open he eye and look at she . anakin I see my mother . I see she as clearly as I see you now . she 's suffer , padme . she be in pain ... they be kill she ! ( get up ) I know I be disobey my mandate to protect you , Senator . I know I will be punish and possibly throw out of the jedi order , but I must go . I have to help she ! I be sorry , padme . I do not have a choice . padme Annie , I tell you I would not let you give up you future for I . I will go with you . that way you can continue to protect I , and you will not be disobey you mandate . anakin what about master obi-wan ? padme smile and take he hand . padme I guess we will not tell he , will we ? ext . naboo lake , floating landing platform - day anakin and padme step onto the landing platform from the water speeder . they enter the naboo starship . artoo beeps , and follow they on board . the ramp retract . paddy accu drive the water speeder away from the platform as anakin 's starship take off . ext . tipoca CITY ( rainstorm ) - day rain lash the city . below , mightly wave pound the stilt , break almost to the height of the platform . int . tipoca CITY , corridor - day taun we conduct obi - wan to the door of jango fett 's apartment . taun we wave he hand , and a mute bell ring . as they wait , obi - wan note the door lock entry mechanism . then the door open , and a ten-year - old boy , boba fett , look at they . he be identical to the boy in the classroom . taun we boba , be you father here ? there be a brief pause , then boba fett nod . taun we ( continue ) May we see he ? boba fett sure . another brief pause , then boba fett step aside , and taun we and obi - wan go through . int . tipoca CITY , fett apartment - day obi - wan , taun we , and boba fett enter the apartment . obi - wan look around the room . boba fett dad ! taun we 's here ! jango fett come in from the bedroom . he wear a jumpsuit . he be unshaven and mean look , he face pitte with scar of old wound . there be a couple of weird tattoo on he muscular forearm . he eye obi - wan with suspicion . taun we welcome back , jango . be you trip productive ? jango fett fairly . obi - wan and jango fett size each other up . boba fett study both of they . taun we this be jedi master , obi-wan kenobi . he 's come to check on we progress . jango fett that right ? jango fett eye fix obi - wan coldly . obi - wan you clone be very impressive . you must be very proud . jango fett I be just a simple man , try to make my way in the universe , master jedi . obi - wan be not we all ? obi - wan eye the half - open bedroom door , through which a couple of piece of body armour can be see on the floor . jango fett register obi - wan be look . he move in front of he , block the view . obi - wan ( continue ) ever make you way as far into the interior as coruscant ? jango once or twice . obi - wan recently ? jango ( eye obi-wan carefully ) possibly ... obi - wan then you must know master sido - dyas ? jango boba , close the door . boba fett move to close the bedroom door . jango fett smile thinly at obi - wan . jango ( continue ) master who ? obi - wan sido - dyas . be n’t he the jedi who hire you for this job ? jango never hear of he . I be recuite by a man call darth tyranus on one of the moon of bogden . obi - wan no ? I think ... taun we sido - dyas tell we to expect he . and he show up just when you jedi master say he would . we have keep the jedius involvement a secret until you arrival , just as you master request . obi - wan curious ... jango do you like you army ? obi - wan it seem to I it 's you army - be that they be all clone of you . jango ( grin ) they will do they job well , I will guarantee that . obi - wan I look forward to see they in action . thank you for you time , jango . jango always a pleasure to meet a jedi . obi - wan and taun we go out . the door slide close . jango fett turn to he son . he be deep in think . boba what be it , dad ? ext . space the naboo starship head toward the desert planet of tatooine . ext . tatooine , mos espa street and watto' ship - day the naboo starship land in a large parking lot of spaceship on the outskirt of mos espa . anakin and padme ride a rickshaw through the street . anakin stare at sight he have not see for year . finally , they come to wattos ' shop , and the rickshaw stop . anakin ( to the droid driver ) wait , please . anakin and padme get down . sitting on a stool in front of the shop be watto . he be use a small electronic screwdriver on a fiddly droid . three pit droid be chatter away and be try to help he , but they seem only to make he madder . watto ( yell , in huttese ) no , not that one - that one ! anakin ( arrive ) Excuse I , watto . watto ( in huttese ) what ? anakin ( in huttese ) I say excuse I . watto turn to the chatter pit droid . watto ( in huttese ) shut down . the pit droid snap into they storage position . watto ( continue , in huttese ) what ? I do not know you ... what can I do for you ? you look like a jedi . whatever it be ... I do not do it . watto drop the screwdriver and curse loudly in huttese anakin let I help you with that . anakin take the fiddly piece of equipment and start to play with it . watto blink in surprise . anakin ( continue ) I be look for shmi skywalker . watto look at he suspiciously . he stare at padme , then back to anakin . watto Annie ?? Little Annie ?? naaaah !! suddenly , the fiddly piece of equipment in anakin 's hand whirs into life . watto blink at it . watto ( continue ; in English ) you be Annie ! it be you ! you little womp rat . watto give anakin a big hug . watto ( continue ) you sure sproute weehoo ! a jedi ! waddya know ? hey , maybe you couldda help wit some daedbeat who owe ... anakin my mother ... watto oh , yeah . shmi ... she 's not mine no more . I sell she . anakin sold she ... watto year ago . sorry , Anne , but you know , business be business . sold she to a moisture farmer name lar . least I think it be lar . believe it or not , I hear he freed she and marry she . can ya beat that ? anakin do you know where they be ? watto Long way from here ... someplace over on the other side of mos eisley , I think ... anakin I would like to know . anakin be grim look mean business ; watto get the hint quickly . watto yeah ... sure ... absolutely . let 's go look in my record . anakin and watto go into the shop . ext . tipoca CITY ( rainstorm ) - day the wave crash against the water city as the storm continue . Light suddenlyt stream from the base of a landing platform as a door slide open . int . tipoca CITY , corridor - day obi - wan stand with lama su and taun we just inside the open door . lama su tell you Council the first battalion be ready . and remind they that if they need more troops , we will need time to grow they . obi - wan I will not forget . ext . tipoca CITY , kamino landing platform ( rainstorm ) - day obi - wan come out from the tower into the drive run . the door close behind he . he pull he robe around he and stand brace against the gale . below , a huge wave crash against the stilt . spray fly high and whip across the platform where obi - wan be stand . he walk over to he starfighter , look to see if anyone be watch , then turn and go back to the door . it slide open . int . tipoca CITY , corridor - day obi - wan enter cautiously from outside . ahead , the corridor be desert . he move down it . int . tipoca CITY , fett apartment - day obi - wan walk in to find the room in complete disorder . the bedroom door be wide open - clear sign of hurried departure . all of the fett ' personal belonging be go . obi - wan go to a ultra-thin computer screen . he punch up a onscreen picture of jango fett and boba fett unhitch the line secure they ship to the landing platform . jango fett be wear he armour and rocket pack . boba fett climb aboard the small fighter . ext . tipoca CITY , kamino landing platform ( rainstorm ) - day jango fett pick up a case and swing it up to boba fett , who stow it inside the ship . jango fett pick up another case and be about to swing it , when : boba fett dad !! jango fett turn to see obi - wan charge out of the tower toward he . as he run , obi - wan draw he lightsaber from he belt . it flash on . jango fett draw he gun and fire at the charge jedi . obi - wan deflect the blast and swing at jango fett . the bounty hunter rocket up and over obi - wan , landing behind he . he fire a thin wire from he wrist pack , try to entangle the jedi . jango fett fire several kamino kyber dart from he elbow launcher . obi - wan deflect they back at jango fett , but they strike harmlessly against the bounty hunter 's armour . in the cockpit of jango fett 's ship , boba fett grab the control of a laser gun and swing it to aim at obi - wan . outside , in the drive rain , obi - wan and jango fett circle each other , size each other up - feint . in the cockpit , each time boba fett be ready to fire , jango fett block he view of obi - wan . outside , obi - wan make a sudden attack , swinging at jango fett , who deflect the blow . one slice off a piece of the bounty hunter 's shoulder plate . jango fett rocket into the air and hover above obi - wan . the jedi spin as : in the cockpit , boba fett fire . outside , the laser shell streak past obi - wan to strike the edge of the tower . jango fett fire down at obi - wan . the jedi deflect the shot back , but jango fett evade they . then he swoops down , swinging around obi - wan . as he shoot past , he kick the lightsaber out of the jedi 's hand . the lightsaber skid across the wet surface of the landing platform . obi - wan dive after it . jango fett zoom in front of he and grab the lightsaber . obi - wan punch it out of he hand . in the cockpit , boba fett watch as : outside , obi - wan and jango fett grapple and fight , punch , kick , grab hold , and throw each other around . obi - wan grab jango fett tightly , and jango fett rocket up into the air and kick obi - wan loose . obi - wan crash to the deck and slide toward the edge . he grapples desperately for a handhold on the slick surface . jango fett rocket down to kick at he . obi - wan haul himself up . jango fett zoom to the far side of the platform . obi - wan use jedi power to pull part of the structure loose . it hit jango fett , who lose he balance , teeter on the edge . obi - wan charge acress , dive , and grab hold of jango fett just as he fall over the edge . lock together , obi - wan and jango fett plummet down toward the raging ocean . at the last moment , jango fett fire a cable out of he backpack that shoot upward and lock onto a metal strut on the underside of the platform . obi - wan and jango fett swing and crash onto one of the stilt . obi - wan be knock clear and drop onto a SMALL service platform just above the wave . he haul himself to he foot . jango fett hover in mid-air opposite he , as a huge wave crash over obi - wan . when it subside , the jedi have disappear . jango fett rocket up to the landing platform , where he drop down beside he ship . he clamber inside the cockpit and settles into the pilot 's seat . he punch button . the engine roar . outside , jango fett 's ship lift off from the platform and head up into the lowering sky . it disappear . lightn flash . rain lash the tower and stream across the surface of the platform , to where : a hand suddenlt clutches at the very edge of the platform . a moment later , another hand grab hold . ext . tatooine , bluff overlooking homestead - late day the naboo starship descend , hover , and land on a bluff . anakin and padme get out . they look down from the edge of the bluff to where the homestead be see on the desert floor below . padme stay with the ship , artoo . artoo whistle as anakin and padme start down the trail toward the homestead . ext . tatooine , desert , homestead moisture farm - late day c-3 po be work outside the homestead . he still lack a outer cover ; he inner part and wiring show . he look up as anakin and padme arrive , c-3 po good evening . May I help you ? anakin threepio ? c-3 po oh , my ... oh , my ! master anakin ! my goodness , I can hardly believe it ! and this must be miss padme . padme hello , threepio . anakin I have come to see my mother . c-3 po oh , dear ! I be so terribly sorry , master Annie . padme threepio , what 's happen ? c-3 po I think we would better go inside . ext . tatooine , homestead , courtyard - late day anakin , padme and threepio arrive in the courtyard . threepio shuffles ahead . c-3 po master lar - master Owen ! somebody to see you ! owen lar and beru whitesun come out into the courtyard . anakin I be anakin skywalker . I be here look for my mother . owen Owen lar ... I guess I be you step -brother . ( they shake hand ) this be my girlfriend , beru . beru hello . padme I be padme . owen I have a feel you might show up some day . anakin be my mother here ? cliegg no , she 's not . cliegg lar swing from the house on a small float chair . one of he leg be heavily bandage ; the other be miss . he balance awkwardly and put out a hand . cliegg ( continue ) cliegg lar . shmi be my wife ... come on inside . we have a lot to talk about . int . tatooine , homestead , kitchen - late day beru put several steaming cup of ardee on a tray and exit the kitchen ... cliegg ( o.s. ) it be just before dawn . they come out of nowhere . a hunt party of tusekn raider . int . tatooine , homestead , dine area - late day cliegg , owen , padme and anakin sit around the table , beru bring the drink from the kitchen . cliegg you mother have go out early , like she always do , to pick mushroom that grow on the vaporato . from the track , she be about halfway when they take she . that tusken walk like man , but they be vicious , mindless monster . thirty of we go out after she . four of we come back . Three more be still out there look . I would be with they , only ... I just could not ride any more ... until I heal . cliegg grimace , ease he throbbing leg . cliegg ( continue ) this be not the way I want to meet you , son . this be not how you mother and I plan it . I do not want to give up on she , but she 's be go a month . there 's little hope she 's last this long . silence . then anakin stand up . owen where be you go ? anakin to find my mother . padme no , Annie ! cliegg she 's day , son . accept it . anakin I can feel she pain , and I will find she . I know she 's alive . anakin turn abruptly . ext . tatooine , homestead , moisture farm - late day anakin stand look across the desert . padme come run out of the homestead after he , follow by owen . anakin turn to padme . anakin you be go to have to stay here . this be good people , padme . you will be safe . owen take my speeder bike . padme anakin ... padme hug he . anakin walk over to Owen 's speeder bike , which be stand close by . anakin I trust you will watch over she , Owen . owen do not worry . anakin swing onto the bike . the engine fire . anakin I will not be long . anakin take off across the desert . padme watch he go . ext . space , geonosis the red planet of geonosis be circle by a large asteroid field that form ring . jango fett 's ship appear , head toward it . int . cockpit , fett ship , space , geonosis jango fett grin at boba fett . jango fett nearly there , son . jango fett guide he ship around the asteroid . suddenly : boba fett dad , look !! on the view screen , obi-wan 's ship appear , chase after they . jango fett grab the control . they be throw around as the ship plummet to try to lose obi - wan . jango fett hang on ! the ship go into a power-climb . a great space ddogfight ensue between obi - wan and jango fett . ext . space , geonosis the ship flip , roll , and turn at incredible speed , didging , weaving and fire . they tumble from near miss . Hit fly off obi-wan 's fighter as one of jango 's missile get through . finally , it seem as if obi - wan be get the upper hand . jango fett break off the fight and dive sharply . he maneuver deftly between two huge asteroid . in jango fett cockpit , boba fett flinch as asteroid pass very close by . boba fett dad ! watch out ! jango fett stay calm , son . we will be fine . that jedi will not be able to follow we through this . but obi-wan ship dive into the asteroid belt after they . in obi - wan' cockpit , he skill be push to the limit as he throw the ship from side to side , avoid great rock . then a huge asteroid tumble across he path . there seem no way he can avoid it . obi - wan fire a couple of aerial torpedoe . they streak toward the asteroid . in jango' cockpit , they see the huge explosion as obi-wan 's ship appear to smash into the asteroid . boba fett get he ! yeahhhhh ! jango fett we will not see he again . boba fett laugh . jango fett 's ship emerge from the asteroid belt and head down toward the planet of geonosis . ext . tatooine , desert , jawa camp - sunset anakin stand in the middle of a crowd of jawas . he ask they from direction . the jawas confer exicitedly , then the chief jawa point in a particular direction . anakin get on the bike and speed off to where the jawa point . ext . tatooine , dune sea , campfire - twilight anakin ride over a large dune toward a small flicker light in the distance . he ride up and stop the bike in front of a campfire . there be body of three dead farmer lie beside the campfire . two eopies be thethered nearby , along with a burn and smoking speeder . ext . tatooine , landscape ( full moon ) - night three different shot . anakin rid the speeder bike through three exotic landscape . in one shot , he stop and look down at some track . then he start up he speeder and ride off . ext . tatooine , desert , homestead ( full moon ) - night the light of the vaporator blink in the night sky . somewhere close by , a night animal howl . ext . tatooine , homestead , courtyard ( full moon ) - night padme be pace the courtyard restlessly . she stop , listen to the animal howling nearby . she shiver slightly , then turn and go into the garage at the side of the courtyard . int . tatooine , homestead - garage ( full moon ) - night padme stand look at a speeder park in the garage . short silence . then : c-3 po please do not leave we , miss padme . this people need you help . threepio be park in a corner . padme I be not leave , threepio . I just can not sleep . c-3 po that 's something I can not relate to . as a protocol droid , I be either active or inactive . there 's no in - between . padme I guess you be lucky . c-3 po do you really think so ..? I suppose I should not expect ... padme you be not happy here ? c-3 po oh , I be not unhappy ... and my master here be so kind I would not wish to trouuble they , it 's just ... be like this ... well , it 's embarrassing . padme be like what ? c-3 po nake . if you pardon the expression . you see , when master Annie make I , he never quite find the time to give I any outer cover . it 's so humiliate . how would you like it if you have to go around with all you circuit show ? padme I guess I would not like it at all . c-3 po of course you would not . nobody would . it 's simply not protocol . padme look thoughtfully at a pile of spare part and bit of metal and tool . padme maybe we can do something about it . c-3 po I do not think so . only master Annie ... padme why not ? they seem to have a box of old covering here . c-3 po oh ? how observant of you , miss padme . of course , I be just not mechanically minded ... if you see what I mean . padme pick up a piece of metal and hold it against he . padme let 's see , if we put this ... here ... c-3 po ooooh ! that 's tickle . padme you will have to be quiet , threepio . hold still , please . ext . space , geonosis ring a huge chunk of rock tumble slowly through the asteroid bely . camera close , to discover obi-wan 's starship hide in a blast - out area on the pitte back side of the great rock . int . cockpit , jedi fighter , space , geonosis ring obi - wan look out toward geonosis and see in the distance a large fleet of Trade federation ship hide among the asteroid . he start the engine of he fighter . obi-wan 's fighter move out from the back side of the asteroid and head away from the asteroid field , descend toward geonosis . ext . geonosis , landing area - night obi-wan 's ship skim across the top of a small mesa along the edge of a rocky ridge . he maneuver under a rock overhang and land . he get out of the fighter and walk onto the mesa . the wind whip at he . he look around . geonosis be a red rock planet , featureless apart from butte and mesa , and occasional tall stalagmite that stand out dramatically on the arid plain . the night be quiet , except for a occasional weird cry . obi - wan check he bearing , then head away . ext . geonosis , rock face trail - night obi - wan climb a steep , narrow trail . suddenly , a cry be hear close by . obi - wan stumble slightly . his foot slip on the edge , send a stream of peblle skitter into the darkness . obi - wan listen . silence . he draw he lightsaber but do not ignite it . he set off again and work he way around a narrow corner , to confront a crouching massiff ( a dog-size lizard ) with slaver fang ! the beast leap at he , and obi - wan ignites he lightsaber as the massiff knock he on he back . its jaw open wide . obi - wan stab the creature , throw it off of he , and jump up . a second massiff jump from behind . obi - wan swing around and cut it in half . the massiff fly over the cliff , howling . it plummet to its death hundred of foot below . ext . tatooine , cliff ( full moon ) - night anakin pull up near the edge of a cliff . he get off the bike and creep to the edge . he look over to see a tusken camp in the oasis below . one of the hut at the edge of the camp have two tusken guard outside it . ext . tatooine , tusken raider camp , oasis ( full moon ) - night anakin creep through the camp , work he way from hut to hut , flatten himself against the wall ,s overhear snatch of tusken conversation from inside , use the shadow to he he until he arrive at the hut with the two guard . they be sit a short distance from the door . anakin wriggle around the black . he take out he lightsaber and cut into the base of the wall . int . tusken raider hutt - night the lightsaber complete the hole in the wall . anakin wriggle in . he pull himself to he foot . there be candle everywhere . a shaft of moonlight from a hole in the roof pierce the gloom of the hut . by its light , anakin see shmi , hang from a wooden frame in the middle of the hut . he cut she free , take she into he arm , and lower she gently to the ground . her eye be close . her face be bloody . she have be terribly beat . anakin cradle she tenderly . anakin Mom ... Mom ... Mom ... shmi be eyelid flutter - and barely open . they be cake with blood . shmi Annie ...? be it you ? shmi be eye focus slowly . anakin give a little choke gasp . anakin I ’m here , Mom . you’re safe . hang on . I ’m go to get you out of here ... shmi I ’m so glad ... to see you , Annie ... now ... I be complete ... anakin just stay with I , Mom . I ’m go to make you well again . everything 's go to be fine . shmi you look so handsome . my son ... my grow - up son . I ’m so proud of you , Annie ... so proud ... I miss you so much ... I love ... shmi die . anakin draw she to he breast . there be silence for a moment . anakin lift he head , listen for a moment , then he sit on the floor of the tusken hut , cradling he dead mother in he arm . ext . geonosis , rock face trail - night obi - wan arrive at the head of the trail . Far below , a flat plain stretch into the distance . he stop , peer into the darkness , where strange shape loom indistinctly . obi - wan take a pair of electronic binocular from he belt and put they to he eye . he see a cluster of great tower like fantastic stalagmite rise from the plain below . slow pan with the binocular , and suddenly a line of Battle starship come into view . obi - wan touch the viewfinder . between fifty and a hundred federation starship in near row . some be on platform that be carry the starship diwn to a underground facility . other platform be rise to the surface . they carry thousand of battle droid that step off and file into the wait ship . a fully load starship take off . obi - wan swing the binocular upward , to see more federation starship . ext . tatooine , tusken raider camp , oasis - dawn the pale light grow . thin tendril of smoke rise slowly in the cold , clear air . somewhere a dog bark . a old woman come out of one of the hut . she carry a pail . she swirl it and toss the dirty water onto the ground . as she go back inside the hut , a tusken child run past , drag a stick in the sand . the child run through the line of hut , turn a corner , and stop suddenly , stare at the body of the two tusken guard . between they , anakin stand outside the hut door . his face be a grim mask . the child stare , then there be a flash of light as anakind lightsaber switch on . ext . geonosis , landing area - night obi - wan come run back to he ship and climb into the cockpit . he settles into he seat . his arfour droid beep a happy greeting . obi - wan switch on he comlink . obi - wan " guide light " to " old folk home . " ext . coruscant , republic executive build - day low angle . a line of reflect pool with splash fountain flanke by statue on each side lead to the main entrance to the awesome building . int . coruscant , chancellor's office a hologram of obi - wan flicker in front of a group , make up of jedi ( yoda , mace windu , and KI - adi - mundi ) and Senators ( bail organa , ask aak , luminara , and jar jar ) . palpatine and mas amedda be in the middle of the group , watch with grow concern . obi - wan ... starship from the Trade federation and the commerce Guilds be take delivery of battle droid from the foundry on geonosis . bail organa that 's outrageous ! the treaty forbid the Trade federation from building up a army . what be they do ?! obi - wan the droid foundry seem to be work at full capacity . I be go to go down and investigate . I will bring jango fett back home for interrogation . palpatine that geonosian foundry be part of the techno Union . we will call in they representative and ask they a few very point question . obi - wan one more thing . jango mention he be recruit by someone name darth tyranus . any idea who that might be ? yoda with the forename darth , a sith he must be . mace windu we miss apprentice . they be play they hand at last . obi - wan do you believe he could be the mysterious sido - dyas , who make the deal for the clone army ? yoda perhaps too many piece be miss from this puzzle , there be . mace windu be careful , obi-wan . this investigation be become less than routine . do you need help ? obi - wan let I see if I can figure out what 's go on first . the hologram of obi - wan fade off . palpatine stare at the spot where the hologram be in disbelief . bail organa the commerce Guilds be prepare for war ... there can be no doubt of that . palpatine Count dooku must have make a treaty with they . mace windu we must stop they soon before they be fully ready . senator ask aak the debate be over , we need that clone army now ! bail organa unfortunately , the debate be not over . the Senate will never be able to approve the use of that army before the separatist attack . mas amedda , who have be silent up until now suddenly speak up . mas amedda this be a crisis ! if the Senate vote the chancellor emergency power , he could approve the use of the army in a minute . palpatine please , please , I do not wish to have emergency power . that 's too extreme a solution . it 's akin to a dictatorship . we must rely on the jedi . master yoda , how many be available to go to geonosis ? mace windu and yoda look at one another . yoda two hundre , ... less or more . bail organa with all due respect for the jedi order , two hundred will be no match for hundred of thousand of battle droid . mace windu patience . we should wait for obi- Wan to report back . we do not know that Count dooku have make a treaty with the corporate Alliance , it 's speculation . senator ask aak but we must prepare for the worst . I be go to propose a motion granting emergency power to the chancellor at the next session . we must not wait ! palpatine out of the question , Senator ! you and I be too closely align . the issue will become partisan and debate will begin . the proposal must come from a neutral source . mas amedda if only Senator amidala be here . jar jar step forward from the back of the group . jar jar Supreme chancellor ... my august colleague , I would be proud to propose the motion in question . this be a grave situation , and I be sure Senator amidala , and the Queen of naboo would agree . senator ask aak thank you , Representative bink . silence . then palpatine sigh deeply . palpatine if call upon , I will serve . but it will be the saddest day of my life . ext . tatooine , desert , homestead moisture farm - day all be quiet . beru come out of the house . she go to a moisture line and start to draw water . int . tatooine , homestead , garage - day padme fix the last piece of cover onto threepio . padme there ! padme stand back . owen be with she . they look at threepio . he be not the golden figure we know because padme have have to use whatever stuff she could findin the garage . he be multi-coloured in several texture , but he be complete . c-3 po um. how do I look ? owen great ! you look perfect . c-3 po perfect ? oh , miss padme , I be so happy ! ( extend he hand to shake hers ) oh , pardon I . threepio drop he hand and bow formally . threepio ( continue ) thank you . he forget formality and hug she . padme hug he back , laugh . c-3 po ( continue ) thank you ! thank you ! thank you ! owen ( grin ) well , padme , I think he should be yours from now on ... I know that be what my Mom would want . c-3 po oh , my ! then suddenly , from outside : beru ( v.o. ) come topside , everybody ! he 's back ! he 's back ! page 83 page 84 page 85 page 86 page 87 page 88 int . tatooine , homestead , garage - day a rough hologram of obi - wan be project onto the garage by artoo . anakin , padme and threepio watch the flicker image . obi - wan ... Alliance have pledge they army to Count dooku and be form a ... wait !... ah ... attack ... I do not ... make it ... aaaggghhh ! the hologram cut off . anakin jump up , agitate . anakin I be go after he ! padme I think the first thing he say be to retransmit he message to coruscant . anakin yeah , you be right , you be right . ext . tatooine , homestead , moisture farm - late day anakin , padme , artoo and threepio leave the homestead , wave to cliegg , owen and beru as they go into the desert . int . cockpit , naboo starship - sunset anakin sit down in the cockpit with padme . threepio be behind they . artoo be beside he . they be watch a hologram of mace windu . mace windu we will deal with Count dooku . the most important thing for you , anakin , be to stay where you be . protect the Senator at all cost . that be you priority . anakin understood , master . the hologram switch off . padme be look at the readout on the ship 's control panel . padme they will never get there in time to save he . they have to come half way across the galaxy . look , geonosis be less than a parsec away . padme start to hit button and flick switch . anakin put a hand over hers , stop she . she stare at he . anakin if he 's still alive . padme Annie , be you just go to sit here and let he die ?? he 's you friend ... you mentor ... anakin ... he 's like my father , but you hear master windu . he give I strict order to stay here . padme he give you strict order to protect I ... padme pull she hand free and flick more switch . the engine fire . padme ( continue ) ... and I be go to save obi-wan . so if you plan to protect I , you will have to come along . anakin grin and take the control . ext . tatooine , bluff overlooking homestead - sunset the naboo starship rise from the bluff and zoom away . ext . coruscant , jedi temple - day two hundre jedi knight be assemble outside the huge center of the jedi order . int . coruscant , jedi temple , council chamber - day the jedi council be assemble as mace windu make he plea . mace windu the longer we wait , the stronger dooku 's army become . we can not wait for the Senate to make up its mind about granting the chancellor emergency power , in order to be able to use that clone army ... we have the authority to go now . we must go now . all of the jedi council nod they approval . yoda agreed , master windu . two hundred jedi send . enough , let 's hope they be . int . coruscant , MAIN senate chamber - day Inside the great rotunda , the uproar be even louder . oppose senatoe yell furiously at one another . mas amedda order ! order !! finally , the uproar die . palpatine in the regrettable absence of Senator amidala , the chair recognise senior Representative of naboo , jar jar bink . amid the conflict storm of cheer and boos , jar jar , with two gungan aide , float on he pod to the middle of the vast space . he look at palpatine nervously . palpatine nod . jar jar clear he throat . jar jar Senators , dellow felagate ... laughter . jeers. jar jar blushes . mas amedda order ! the Senate will accord the Representative the courtesy of a hearing ! comparative quiet . jar jar grip the edge of the podium . jar jar in response to the direct threat to the Republic from the confederacy of independent system , I propose that the Senate give immediate emergency power to the Supreme chancellor . uproar . jar jar look a little sheepish . jar jar ( continue ) who can deny this be exceptional time ? exceptional time demand exceptional measure ! exceptional measure demand exceptional man ! orn free taa we will not support a dictator . shout of agreement . jar jar that be the sentiment every one of we agree with ! and when the shadow of war have disperse and the bright day of liberty have dawn once again , the power we now give to the Supreme chancellor will be gladly , and swiftly return . out ancient liberty will be restore to we , burnish even more brightly than before ! brief silence , then a roll wave of applause . jar jar beam and bow . palpatine rise . palpatine it be with great reluctance that I have agree to this call . I love democracy ... I love the Republic . the fact that this crisis be demand I be give absolute power to tule over you be evident . but I be mild by nature and have no desire to destroy the democratic process . the power you give I I will lay down when this crisis have abate , I promise you . and all I ask in return be when my current term of office be over , you allow I to reture and live out my life in peace . mas amedda we shall proceed to the vote . all that in favor of granting emergency power to the Supreme chancellor , signal eat at this time ... that oppose ? ext . space the naboo starship head toward the ring of geonosis . ext . geonosis , landing area the naboo starship land . int . cockpit , naoo starfighter - day anakin switch off the engine . artoo and threepio be in the navigation area of the cockpit . padme be in the co-pilot 's seat . she get up . anakin hey , where be you go ? padme to find obi-wan . anakin get up and go over to she . anakin no ! you be not ! he grab she arm . padme let go of I ! anakin I be not let you go out there . it 's too dangerous . padmé what ?!? anakin it 's my job to protect you . I say it 's too dangerous . you be not go , and that 's final ! padmé do not you give I order , Annie ! I be a Senator of the galactic Republic . you have no authority to contain I , restrain I , or direct I ! you remember you place , young man . ( stand up ) now you can come along and protect I or stay here . it 's up to you . padme storm out of the cockpit of the naboo starfighter . anakin stand scratch he head , then follow . artoo beeps and whistle . c-3 po yes , it be , artoo . most confusing . one moment they be generate a pleasant mutual attraction and the next , wave of violent hostility . even though I be program to understand they , I doubt if I ever shall . artoo whistle a plaintive sigh . int . geonosis , corridor - day anakin and padme enter the stalagmite city . they stop , look around in wonder at the emptiness . padme ( in a low voice ) it 's empty ! they start forward . as they pass , the surface of the pillar seem to pulse slowly and move . High above winged creature grow from the pillar and detach themselves . int . geonosis , central square - day anakin and padme cross the square , reach the middle . they stop suddenly as four geonosian grab they . anakin reach for he lightsaber . padme wait ! twenty winged geonosian carry weapon alight on the flagstone in front of they . the geonosian part , and count dooku appear . he bow courteously . count dooku Senator amidala , I have hear so much about you . padmé Count dooku , I assume . count dooku I be delighted to meet you at last . we have a great deal to discuss , Senator . I hope you can keep you young jedi under control . padmé do not worry he 's housebroken . int . conference room ( geonosis ) - day count dooku sit at a large conference table with padme on the far side . anakin stand behind she with four geonosian guard stand behind he . jango fett stand behind count dooku , and six geonosian guard stand behind he . padmé you be hold a jedi knight , obi- Wan kenobi . I be formally request you turn he over to I , now . dooku he have be convict of espionage , Senator , and will be execute . in just a few hour , I believe . count dooku smile . padmé he be a officer of the Republic . you can not do that . dooku we do not recognise the Republic here , Senator . but if naboo be to join we Alliance , I could easily hear you plea for clemency . anakin grab he lightsaber but do not turn it on . padmé and if I do not join you rebellion , I assume this jedi with I will also die ? dooku I do not wish to make you to join we cause against you will , Senator , but you be a rational , honest representative of you people and I assume you want to do what 's in they best interest . be not you feed up with the corruption , the bureaucrat , the hypocrisy of it all ?.. be not you ? be honest , Senator . padmé the ideal be still alive , Count , even if the institution be fail . dooku you believe in the same ideal we believe in ! the same ideal we be strive to make prominent . padmé if what you say be true , you should stay in the Republic and help chancellor palpatine put thing right . dooku the chancellor mean well , m'lady but he be incompetent . he have promise to cut the bureaucracy , but the bureaucrat be stronger than ever , no ? Senator , the Republic can not be fix . it be time to start over . the democratic process in the Republic be a sham , a shell game play on the voter . it will not be long before the cult of greed , call the Republic , will lose even the pretext of democracy and freedom . padmé I can not believe that . I will not forsake all I have honoure and work for and betray the Republic . I know of you treaty with the Trade federation , the commerce Guilds , and the other , Count . what be happen here be not government that have be buy out by business ... it 's business become government ! dooku be you willing to betray you jedi friend ? without you co-operation I can do nothing to stop they execution . padmé what be to happen to I ? be I to be execute also ? dooku I would not think of such a offence . but , there be individual who have a strong interest in you demise , m'lady . it have nothing to do with politics , I be afraid . it 's purely personal , and they have already pay great sum to have you assassinate . I be sure they will push hard to have you include in the execution . I be sorry but if you be not go to co-operate , I must turn you over to the geonosian for justice . I have do all I can for you . jango fett move over to anakin . jango fett I will take that weapon . anakin hesitates . dooku you may cause a lot of bloodsh , my young jedi , but you will not escape . padmé anakin ... anakin hand he lightsaber over to jango fett . int . geonosis , high audience chamber - day anakin and padme be stand in the centre of what look like a courtroom . seat before they in a tall , box - off area be poggle the lesser , archduke of geonosis . he be accompany by he underl , SUN rit . off to one side the separatist Senators po nudu , tessek , and toonbuck toora . next to they be the commerce dignitary , shu mai , nute gunray , passel argente , wat tambor and san hill of the intergalactic Bank clan . along the wall about a hundre geonosian wait for a verdict . SUN rit you have be charge and find guilty of espionage . poggle do you have anything to say before you sentence be carry out ? padmé you be commit a act of war , archduke . I hope you be prepare for the consequence . poggle laugh . count dooku simply smile . poggle we build weapon , Senator ... that be we business ! of course we be prepare ! nute gunray get on with it . carry out the sentence . I want to see she suffer . poggle you other jedi friend be wait for you , Senator . take they to the arena ! four guard take hold of padme and anakin . they be escort out of the chamber to the sound of chuckle . int . geonosis tunnel to execution arena - day in the gloomy tunnel , anakin and padme be toss into a open cart . the murmur of a vast crowd be hear offscreen . guard extend they arm along the framework and tie they so that they stand face each other . the driver get up onto he seat . anakin do not be afraid . padmé I be not afraid to die . I have be die a little bit each day since you come back into my life . anakin what be you talk about ? padmé I love you . anakin you love I ?! I think we decide not to fall in love . that we would be force to live a lie . that it would destroy we life ... padmé I think we life be about to be destroy anyway . my love for you be a puzzle , Annie , for which I have no answer . I can not control it ... and now I do not care . I truly , deeply love you , and before we die I want you to know . padme lean toward anakin . by strain hard , it be just possible for they lip to meet . they kiss . anakin I have no desire to be cure of this love either . Long or short , I vow to spend the rest of my life with you . they kiss again . the driver crack he whip over the orray harness between the shaft . the cart jerk forward . suddenly , there isa huge roar and blind sunlight as they emerge into the arena int . geonosis , execution arena - day the great stadium be pack with tier upon tier of yell geonosian . the cart trundle to the center , where obi - wan be chain to one of four upright post thatare three foot in diameter . the cart stop . padme and anakin be take down , drag to post , and chain to they . padme be in the center . obi - wan I be beginning to wonder if you have get my message . anakin I retransmitted it as you request , master . then we decide to come and rescue you . obi - wan it look like you be go a good job so far . they arm be pull high above they head , and the cart drive away . there be another roar as poggle the lesser , count dooku , nute gunray , the fett and dignitaries arrive in the archducal box and take they place . SUN rit the felon before you have be convict of espionage against the sovereign system of geonosis . they sentence of death be to be carry out in this public arena henceforth . the crowd roar and cheer . in the box , poggle the lesser rise . the crowd become quiet . poggle let the execution begin ! the crowd go wild . anakin I have a bad feel about this . from different gate around the arena , three monster be drive in . one be a reek ( bull - like ) , one be a nexu ( lion-like ) , and one be a acklay ( a kind of dino-lobster ) . they be drive in by picador carry long spear and riding orray . the picador poke the monster toward the center , then retire to the perimeter . the monster toss they head , look around , roaring or screeching . then they catch sight of the three captive and start move toward they . obi - wan take the one the leave . I will take the one on the right . anakin what about padme ? padme have turn around and be pull herself up by the chain to the top of the post . within a moment , she be stand on top of it , try to pull the chain free . obi - wan it look like she 's already on top of thing . the reek charge anakin . he jump up , and the beast hit the post hard . anakin land onto its back , wrapping part of he chain around its horn . the reek back off , shaking its head angrily , which tear the chain from the post obi - wan duck around the post as the acklay charge . it knock the post flat , send obi - wan sprawling . the acklay crunch the post between its claw , freeing the chain . obi - wan leap up and run towards one of the picador . the acklay tak off after he . the nexu arrive at padme's post and rear on its hind leg . one top , padme struggle to tear the chain free . the nexu roar , display wick , drip fang . in the archducal box , nute gunray beam and rub he hand . in the arena , obi - wan run at the picador . the orray rear up . obi - wan grab the picador be long spear and pole vault over he . the chase acklay smashes into the orray . it go down . the picador tumble onto the sand , where he be grab by the acklay and crunch . anakin 's reek start to buck . it charge around the arena with anakin hang on for dear life . he whirl the free length of chain around he head and cast it into the reek 's mouth . its jaw clamp hard on the chain . anakin yank hard on the chain , turn the reek , beginning to ride it . the nexu 's claw dig deep into the post . the cat-like creature reach the top of the post and take a swipe at padme . she turn and the claw barely catch she shirt rip it off , leave superficial claw mark across she back . she hit the creature with she chain and it back off down the pole . then , padme jump off the post into the air . she swing around on the chain and whacks the beast hard on the head with both she foot . it tumble back onto the sand . in the archducal box : nute gunray foul !! she can not do that ... shoot she or something ! in the arena , obi - wan run out from behind the fall orray and throw the spear at the acklay , hit it in the neck . it let out a terrible screech and turn on he . the nexu spring up and make to leap up at padme again . she finally manage to work the chain loose . anakin come charge up on the reek . anakin you okay ? padme ( nod , gasp ) sure ! well , sort of . anakin jump !!! the nexu spring . padme leap from the top of the post to land on the reek in front of anakin . he haul she upright . the reek charge away , around the arena . the nexu bound after it . the reek pass the wounded acklay . the nexu smell the blood and turn aside to attack the acklay . the two monster fight . the crowd groans and boos . in the archducal box , nute gunray turn angrily to count dooku . nute gunray this be not how it 's suppose to be ! jango , finish she off . count dooku motion for the bounty hunter to ptay put . boba fett be enjoy the spectacle . count dooku ( smile enigmatically ) patiece , viceroy ... she will die . maybe this be the way it 's suppose to end . obi - wan run and jump on the back of the reek behind anakin . across the arena , the nexu , have chew up the acklay , start to advance toward they . int . cockpit , naboo starship - day artoo beeps c-3 po yes , it have be rather a long time . do you suppose something 's happen to they ? artoo beeps and whistle . c-3po ( continue ) danger ? oh no , I should not think so . it look a very dull planet to I . they should be back shortly . just stop worry , artoo . ext . geonosis , execution arena - day in the archducal box , amid the uproar , count dooku feel a tap on he shoulder . he turn to see mace windu stand behind he . count dooku mask he surprise elegantly as he survey the arena and see jedi knight stand at every entrance and exit . count dooku master windu , how pleasant of you to join we . you be just in time for the moment of truth . I would think this two new boy of yours could use a little more training . mace windu sorry to disappoint you , dooku . this party 's over . mace windu signal , and at stategic place around the arena there be sudden flash of light as about one hundre jedi switch on they lightsaber . the crowd be suddenly silent . count dookux lip curl in slight amusement . count dooku ( to mace windu ) brave , but stupid , my old jedi friend . you be impossibly outnumber . mace windu I do not think so . one jedi have to be worth a hundred geonosian . count dooku look around the great theater . his smile grow . count dooku it be not the geonosian I be think about . how well do you think one jedi will hold up against a thousand battle droid ? count dooku signal . thousand of droid start to pour into all part of the arena . mace windu draw he lightsaber , jango fett draw he gun and fire at mace windu , who deflect the shot . jango fett and mace windu jump into the arena , where they fight . boba fett wacthes he dad and the jedi master fight . the battle beginss . geonosian fly away everywhere . droid fire at jedi , who deflect the bolt and cult down the droid . the geonosian troops fire ray gun that be more difficult for the jedi to deflect . the reek and the nexu be spook by the battle . the reek buck the rider off its back and stampede around the arena , trample droid and jedi that have move into its path . padme pick up a discard pistol and join the fight . several jedi run to the center of the arena and toss lightsaber to obi - wan and anakin . among the crowd , jedi cut down swath of geonosian and droid . on the sand , jedi fight , attack droid . obi0 wan and anakin swing they lightsaber , cut droid in half . padme blast away at droid and geonosian . int . cockpit , naboo starship artoo whistle . c-3 po I do not hear anything . ( artoo beep ) you be scare I ! stop imagine thing ! ext . geonosis , execution arena - day among the tier , jedi be slowly be drive back . they have kill heaps of geonosian and have kncoke out pile of droid , but sheer number be tell . individual jedi be be cut down or blast / the rest be retreate into the arena . anakin and padme be back - to-back , fight droid and fly geonosian . mace windu fight fiercely with jango fett . finally , the bounty hunter fall . his helmet go fly , bounce down the step , tumble and roll , kick here and there by random foot . the bounty hunter 's body fall to the ground . mace windu run to the center of the arena and fight back - to- back with obi - wan , as they swipe and mangle droid . obi - wan someone 's get to - shut down - this droid . mace windu do not worry ! it 's be - take care of ! ext . geonosis , federation starship - day KI - adi -mundi lead a raid party of about twenty jedi through the line of park Battle starship . they cut a swath through mass of droid until they arrive at the Command starship . some jedi fall . the rest cut they way up the ramp and into the Command ship . int . command federation starship , corridor - day KI - adi - mundi and the survive jedi fight they way through the corridor of the Command ship , deflect laser bolt , slice droid . int . command federation starship , control bridge - day they burst onto the bridge and chop down the command droid . the neimoidian flee in all direction . ke - adi -mundi lean over the control panel . he locate the illuminate master switch and punch down on it . it go dark . instantly , all the droid on the starship and all the droid in the arena freeze ! there be a moment of stunne silence , then the jedi cheer . one the bridge , plo koon clap KI - adi - mundi on the back . plo koon we have do it ! now we have a chance ! suddenly , there be a harsh beeping SOUND . all the droid on the starship and all the droid in the arena start fight again ! KI - adi - mundi stare in disbelief and dismay . KI - adi -mundi the system 's off but they be still active . that 's a new feature . they be independent of the control system . ext . geonosis , execution arena - day mace windu , obi - wan , anakin , padme and a exhaust group of about twenty jedi stand in the center of the arena surround by a ring of battle droid . the bloody sand around they be strewn with the body of dead geonosian , shatter droid and jedi . at the foot of some step , boba fett find he father 's batter helmet . he pick it up . KI - adi -mundi and the survivor from the raid party be herde into the arena by superdroid . from the encircle tier above , thousand of battle droid level they weapon menacingly . in the archducal box , count dooku lift he hand . the droid lower they weapon . the count call out to the jedi . count dooku master windu ! silence . count dooku ( continue ) you have fight gallantly . Worthy of recognition in the history archive of the jedi order . now it be finish . ( pause briefly ) surrender - and you life will be spare . mace windu we will not be hostage for you to barter with dooku . count dooku then , I be sorry , old friend . you will have to be destroy . the droid raise they weapon . anakin and padme clasp hand tightly . count dooku raise he hand to give the order to fire . padme look up suddenlt and whisper to anakin . padme look ! above , six gunship be descend fast through the open area in the arena ceiling . they land in a cluster around the handful of jedi . clone troopers spill out and start fire at the droid . there be a hellstorm of laserfire that bounce off the laser shield create by the gunship . yoda appear at the door of one of the gunship . yoda come on - hurry ! hurry ! the surviving jedi dash to the gunship and scramble in . mace windu hang on tight as the gunship , fire all its weapon , rise out of the arena up and over the topmost rim . ext . geonosis , terrain outside execution arena - day the mass line of park federation starship and the droid surround the arena , be themselves surround by thousand of Republic starship , disgorge tens of thousand of clone troopers . Beyond , more Republic starship be landing and spew out troops . int . gunship number one - day mace windu stare at the incredible sight . yoda more battalion to the leave . encircle they we must , then divide . the clone troopers open fire with artillery . explosion wreck the park Battle starship . clone troopers advance , fire at the mass droid . fighter droid fly overhead , exchange fire with the gunship and jedi fighter . int . cockpit , naboo starship - day threepio and artoo see flash outside of the ship , explode everywhere . c-3 po I be sure I hear something , this time . do not you ? it 's probably just a celebration artoo let out a exhausted bleep . ext . battlefield , geonosis landscape - day gunship # 2 skim the battlefield , fire down , deflect answer fire from the droid . int . gunship number two - day obi - wan , anakin and padme be at the open side of the gunship . clone fire down at the droid below . the gunship slow , circle over a droid gun -emplacement . it blast it , but suddenly the gunship be rock by a near miss . it lurch violently . obi - wan hold on ! look over there ... through the other side of the gunship , they see a geonosian speeder racing past . in the open cockpit be the unmistakable figure of count dooku . anakin it 's dooku , go after he ! the pilot start to comply , but ... there be a huge blast , the ship lurch on its side , and padme tumble out . anakin ( continue ) padme !!! anakin stare down in horror as padme hit thry ground below . anakin ( continue ; to pilot ) put the ship down ! down ! obi - wan no! forget she . we have to go after dooku . anakin no we be not !! land this ship ! obi - wan do not let you personal feeling get in the way . we have get a job to do . below , padme haul herself to she foot and wave for they to go after dooku . anakin I do not care !.. go back . obi - wan anakin ! she 's all right ! look . anakin stare out to see padme rescue by clone troopers . obi - wan ( continue ) follow that speeder ! on the ground , padme look up at gunship # 2 as it speed away after Count dooku . obi - wan and anakin follow the speeder to a geonosian tower . the speeder decsend rapidly ; the gunship follow . Count dooku 's speeder park outside the tower ; the gunship park next to it . obi - wan and anakin leap down and run inside the tower . int . geonosis , secret hanger tower - late day count dooku throw switch on a control panel . his interstellar sail ship be guard by a squad of super battle droid . the door of the exit-port slide open . droid captain you excellency ! count dooku turn as obi - wan and anakin run in through the hanger door . they draw they lightsaber . the droid raise they weapon . count dooku that will not be necessary , Captain . stand down . and leave they to I . the droid lower they weapon and back off to the wall . count dooku look at obi - wan and anakin with slight amusement . obi - wan ( to anakin ) we move in together - you slowly on the ... anakin I be take he now ! obi - wan anakin , no ! anakin you will pay for all the jedi you have kill today , dooku . anakin charge across the open space at count dooku , who smile faintly , watch he come . anakin raise he lightsaber . at the last moment , count dooku thrust out a arm , and anakin be lift up , hurl across the room , and slam into the opposite wall . he slump to the foot of the wall , semi-conscious . count dooku move toward obi - wan count dooku kenobi , be not it ? as you can see , my jedi power be far beyond yours . now , back down . obi - wan I do not think so . obi - wan lift he lightsaber . count dooku smile . count dooku ah , but if I must . count dooku draw he lightsaber . he and obi - wan start to circle each other . count dooku ( continue ) I have spend the last ten year learn to use the power of the Dark side . it give I infinitely great power . obi - wan you will have to prove it . obi - wan come in fast , swinging at count dookux head . dooku parry the cut easily . as they fight , it quickly become clear that dooku be the complete swordsman - elegant , graceful , classical - a master of the old style . count dooku Grand master kenobi , you disappoint I . yoda hold you in such high esteem . count dooku parry another cut . count dooku ( continue ) surely you can do better ...? ( parry ) no , I be surprised . have jedi swordsmanship degenerate so quickly , or be you try to make fun of I ? ( cut ) which be it ? count dooku thrust . obi - wan step back quickly , panting for breath . count dooku ( continue ) come , come , master kenobi . put I out of my misery . obi - wan take a deep breath , get a fresh grip on he lightsaber and come in again . for a moment , he drive count dooku back . then dooku 's superior skill begin to tell again , and he force obi - wan to retreat . count dooku increase the tempo of he attack . obi - wan be push to the limit to defend himself . dooku press . his lightsaber flash . obi - wan be wounded in the shoulder , then the thigh . he stumble back against the wall , trip , and fall . his lightsaber go skitter across the floor . count dooku raise he lightsaber . obi - wan look up helplessly . dooku 's lightsaber flash down and clash against - anakin 's lightsaber ! count dooku and anakin stare eyeball to eyeball . count dooku ( continue ) that 's brave of you , boy - but foolish . I would have think you would have learn you lesson . anakin I be a slow learner . and anakin charge at count dooku . the force of he attack catch the Count slightly off balance . anakin 's lightsaber flash . count dooku draw back , put a hand to he arm . he take the hand away and look at the smear of blood whee anakin have nick he . count dooku you have unusual power , young padawan . but not enought to save you this time . anakin do not bet on it ! obi - wan anakin ! obi - wan use the Force to catch he lightsaber and he toss it to anakin . with two lightsaber , anakin attack . count dooku parry and ripost . it be no contest . anakin be drive back against the wall . he lose one lightsaber . finally count dooku , in one flash move , send anakin 's arm , cut at the elbow , fly still grip he lightsaber . anakin drop to the ground in agony . count dooku draw himself up to deliver the coup de grace . suddenly , the great door slide open . the droid turn fast , raise they weapon . through the thick smoke , emerge the heroic figure of yoda . he stop on the smoke- fill threashold , four droid line up on either side of he , gun point . before the droid can get off a shot , yoda raise he hand , and the droid be flung against the far wall and crash to the floor in heaps of smoking metal . silence . count dooku step away from anakin to face the jedi Grand master . his lightsaber whirl in a formal salute . count dooku master yoda . at last we shall know who be the most powerful . yoda draw a miniature lightsaber out of he cane . he salute formally . yoda Count dooku . no interest in contest , do I have . count dooku charge across the space at yoda . he rain down blow upon the tiny figure . yoda do not budge a inch . for the first part of the contest , he parry every cut and thrust that dooku aim . nothing the great swordsman try get through . his energy drain . his stroke become feebler , slower . yoda attack ! he fly forward . count dooku be force to retreat . wprd be insufficient to describe the range and skill of yoda 's speed and swordplay . his lightsaber he a hum blur of light . Count dooku 's lightsaber be send cartwheel from he hand . he stagger back , gasp and spend , against the control panel . yoda jump onto dookux shoulder , and be about to drive the lightsaber into the top of the Count 's head . yoda ( continue ) the end for you , Count , this be . count dooku ... not yet ... count dooku raise he arm and knock yoda off he shoulder and then , with all he might , he use the Force to pull on one of the crane in the hanger . it come crash down on obi - wan and anakin . but in the blink of and eye , yoda be under the crane , hold it up , use the Force . yoda close he eye and concentrate . anakin be unconscious , and obi0 wan try toget out from under the crane . the fall crane tremble and start to life . behind it , the sound of the sail ship 's engine be hear start up . yoda concentrate harder . slowly , the crane rise . the SOUND of the engine increase . yoda exert every scrap of he power . the crane lift clear of anakin and be throw to the ground . dookux sail ship take off . obi - wan and anakin struggle to the exhaust yoda , but it 's too late . the sail ship rise into the air and fly away . padmé and a clone captain with about ten troopers appear in the doorway . padmé anakin ! padmé run too he and throw she arm around he . anakin be barely able to stand up . the clone captain march up to yoda , stop , and salute smartly . clone captain resistance be at a end , General . what be you order ? yoda look at he and sigh . ext . coruscant , old town - dawn count dookux interstellar sail ship glide through a desert , burn - out part of coruscant . count dooku manoeuvre the ship into one of the empty building and land . int . coruscant , secret landing platform - dawn the ramp lower . count dooku emerge and walk to where the hood figure of darth sidious stand wait . count dooku bow . count dooku the Force be with we , my master . darth sidious welcome home , Lord tyranus . you have do well . count dooku I bring you good news , my Lord . the war have begin . darth sidious excellent. ( smile ) everything be go as plan . ext . coruscant , jedi temple - sunset the beautiful temple bask in the red glow of the set sun . int . jedi temple , council chamber - sunset mace windu where be you apprentice ? obi - wan on he way back to naboo . he be escort Senator amidala home . they be stand , look out through the tall window at the great plaza below . yoda sit in he chair . obi - wan ( continue ) I must admit without the clone , it would not have be a victory . yoda Victory ? Victory , you say ? obi - wan turn and look at the sad little jedi sit in the Council chamber . apart from KI - adi -mundi and plo koon , who be wounded , the chamber be empty . yoda ( continue ) not victory , a defeat , it be ... master obi-wan . begun , the clone War have ! ext . naboo lake retreat , lodge , garden - late day in a rise - cover arbor overlook the sparkling late , anakin and padme stand before a naboo holy man . threepio and artoo stand by , watch , as the holy man bless the happy couple and , amid gently fall rise petal , anakin and padme kiss . ext . coruscant , military staging area , balcony - late day palpatine , jar jar , bail organa and the other senator , with two royal guard , stand look down at the square below . tens of thousand of clone troops be draw up in a strict formation or move forward in near file to climb the ramp of the military assault ship . on the balcony , palpatine be expression be deeply sad . everyone watch comberly as , in the square , load assault ship take off . other land immediately in they place . the sky above be thick with transport . clone troops march and board the ship . the great clone War have begin ... fade out : the end