the empire strike back written by lawrence kasdan and leigh brackett from a story by George Lucas ext . galaxy - planet hoth a Star destroyer move through space , release Imperial probe robot from its underside . one of this probe zoom toward the planet hoth and land on its ice - cover surface . a explosion mark the point of impact . ext . hoth - meteorite crater - snow plain - day a weird mechanical sound rise above the whining of the wind . a strange probe robot , with several extend sensor , emerge from the smoke- shroud crater . the ominous mechanical probe float across the snow plain and disappear into the distance . ext . plain of hoth - day a small figure gallop across the windswept ice slope . the bundle rider be mount on a large gray snow lizard , a tauntaun . curving plume of snow rise from beneath the speed paw of the two -legge beast . the rider gallop up a slope and rein he lizard to a stop . pull off he protective goggle , luke skywalker notice something in the sky . he take a pair of electrobinoculars from he utility belt and through they see smoke rise from where the probe robot have crash . the wind whip at luke 's fur-line cap and he activate a comlink transmitter . his tauntaun shift and moan nervously beneath he . luke ( into comlink ) echo Three to echo Seven . han , old buddy , do you read I ? after a little static a familiar voice be hear . han ( over comlink ) loud and clear , kid . what 's up ? luke ( into comlink ) well , I finish my circle . I do not pick up any life reading . han ( over comlink ) there be not enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser . the sensor be place , I be go back . luke ( into comlink ) right . I will see you shortly . there 's a meteorite that hit the ground near here . I want to check it out . it will not take long . luke click off he transmitter and rein back on he nervous lizard . he pat the beast on the head to calm it . luke hey , steady girl . what 's the matter ? you smell something ? luke take a small device from he belt and start to adjust it when suddenly a large shadow fall over he from behind . he hear a monstrous howl and turn to see a eleven- foot - tall shape tower over he . it be a wampa Ice creature , lung at he ferociously . luke aaargh ! luke grab for he pistol , but be hit flat in the face by a huge white claw . he fall unconscious into the snow and in a moment the terrify scream of the tauntaun be cut short by the horrible snap of a neck be break . the wampa Ice creature grab luke by one ankle and drag he away across the freeze plain . ext . hoth - rebel base entrance - day a stalwart figure ride he tauntaun up to the entrance of a enormous ice cave . int . hoth - rebel base - MAIN hangar deck rebel trooper rush about unload supplies and otherwise secure they new base . the rider , han solo , swing off he lizard and pull off he goggle . he walk into the main hangar deck toward the millennium falcon , which be park among several fighter . mechanic , r2 unit , and various other droid hurry about . han stop at the millennium falcon where he wookiee copilot , chewbacca , be welding on a central lifter . chewie stop he work and lift he face shield , growl a irritate greeting to he boss . han chewie ! the wookiee grumble a reply . han all right , do not lose you temper . I will come right back and give you a hand . chewbacca put he mask back on and return to he welding as han leave . int . hoth - rebel base - command CENTER a makeshift command center have be set up in a blast area of thick ice . the low - ceiling room be a beehive of activity . controller , troops , and droid move about set up electronic equipment and monitoring radar signal . General rieekan straighten up from a console at han 's approach . rieekan solo ? han no sign of life out there , General . the sensor be in place . you will know if anything come around . rieekan Commander skywalker report in yet ? han no . he 's check out a meteorite that hit near he . rieekan ( indicate radar screen ) with all the meteor activity in this system , it 's go to be difficult to spot approach ship . take a deep breath , han blurt out what be on he mind . han General , I have get to leave . I can not stay anymore . princess leia , stand at a console nearby , be dress in a short white combat jacket and pants . her hair be braid across she head in a Nordic fashion . she overhear they conversation and seem somewhat distress . rieekan I be sorry to hear that . han well , there 's a price on my head . if I do not pay off jabba the Hut , I be a dead man . rieekan a death mark 's not a easy thing to live with . you be a good fighter , solo . I hate to lose you . han thank you , General . he turn to leia as rieekan move away . han ( with feel ) well , you highness , I guess this be it . leia that 's right . leia be angry . han see she have no warmth to offer he . he shake he head and adopt a sarcastic tone . han ( cooly ) well , do not get all mushy on I . so long , princess . han walk away into the quiet corridor adjoin the command center . leia stew a moment , then hurry after he . int . hoth - rebel base - ice corridor leia han ! han stop in the corridor and turn to face leia . han yes , you highnessness ? leia I think you decide to stay . han well , the bounty hunter we run into on ord mantell change my mind . leia han , we need you ! han we ? leia yes . han oh , what about you need ? leia ( mystify ) I need ? I do not know what you be talk about . han ( shake he head , feed up ) you probably do not . leia and what precisely be I suppose to know ? han come on ! you want I to stay because of the way you feel about I . leia yes . you be a great help to we . you be a natural leader ... han no ! that 's not it . come on . aahhh - uh huh ! come on . leia stare at he , understanding , then laugh . leia you be imagine thing . han be I ? then why be you follow I ? afraid I be go to leave without give you a goodbye kiss ? leia I would just as soon kiss a wookiee . han I can arrange that . you could use a good kiss ! angrily , han stride down the corridor as leia stare after he . int . hoth - rebel base - another ice corridor a familiar stream of beep and whistle herald the approach of artoo - detoo and see - threepio , who appear around a corner and move along a ice wall toward the main hangar . threepio do not try to blame I . I do not ask you to turn on the thermal heater . I merely comment that it be freezing in the princess ' chamber . but it 's suppose to be freezing . how be we go to dry out all she clothes ? I really do not know . artoo beep a stream of protest whistle . threepio oh , switch off . int . hoth - rebel base - MAIN hangar deck the two robot stop at han solo 's space freighter . han and chewie be struggle with they central lifter . han ( to chewie ) why do you take this apart now ? I be try to get we out of here and you pull both of this . chewie grumble in irritation . threepio Excuse I , sir . han ( to chewie ) put they back together right now . threepio might I have a word with you , please ? han what do you want ? threepio well , it 's princess leia , sir . she 's be try to get you on the communicator . han I turn it off . I do not want to talk to she . threepio oh. well , princess leia be wonder about master luke . he have not come back yet . she do not know where he be . han I do not know where he be . threepio nobody know where he be . han what do you mean , " nobody know " ? han glance at the fade light at the entrance of the ice cave as night slowly begin to fall on the planet . threepio well , uh , you see ... han jump down off the lift , as threepio follow he . han deck Officer . deck Officer ! threepio Excuse I , sir . might I inqu ... han abruptly put he hand over threepio 's mouth as the deck officer approach . deck officer yes , sir ? han do you know where Commander skywalker be ? deck officer I have not see he . it 's possible he come in through the south entrance . han it 's possible ? why do not you go find out ? it 's get dark out there . deck officer yes , sir . the deck officer leave hurriedly , as han take he hand off threepio 's mouth . threepio Excuse I , sir . might I inquire what 's go on ? han why not ? threepio impossible man . come along , artoo , let 's find princess leia . between ourselves , I think master luke be in considerable danger . int . hoth - rebel base - MAIN ice tunnel the deck officer and he assistant hurry toward han as he enter the tunnel . deck officer Sir , Commander skywalker have not come in through the south entrance . he might have forget to check in . han not likely . be the speeder ready ? deck officer not yet . we be have some trouble adapt they to the cold . han then we will have to go out on tauntaun . deck officer Sir , the temperature 's drop too rapidly . han that 's right . and my friend out in it . assistant officer I will cover sector twelve . have com-control set screen alpha . han push through the troops and mount a tauntaun . deck officer you tauntaun will freeze before you reach the first marker . han then I will see you in hell ! han maneuver he mount out of the cave and race into the dark bitter night . ext . hoth - ice gorge - dusk the jag face of a huge ice wall sit gloomily in the dim twilight of a hoth day . luke hang upside down , ankle freeze into icy stalactite , he extend arm within a foot of the snow floor . one side of he face be cover in a dry mask of freeze blood . he open he eye as a chill moan of the hideous ice creature echoe off the gorge wall . luke pull himself up , grab hold of he ankle , and futilely try to unfasten the throng . exhausted , he drop back into he hang position . as he hang there , he spy he lightsaber lie near a pile of he discard gear , about three foot out of reach . he focus on the saber and , as he hand strain toward the weapon , he squeeze he eye tight in concentration . just as the ice creature loom over luke , the lightsaber jump into luke 's hand . the young warrior instantly ignites he sword , swinging up , and cut himself loose from the ice . he flop to the snow in a heap . the startle creature move back , he giant yellow eye blink . luke scramble to he foot . he swing he lightsaber and the beast scream in pain . ext . hoth - entrance to ice gorge - dusk luke stagger out of the gorge into the dark and snowy twilight . weak and exhaust , he stumble down a snow bank . ext . hoth - snow plain - dusk a small , lone figure riding a tauntaun race through the hostile vastness of snow and cold . as it run , the tauntaun 's leg kick up large cloud of snow and ice into the snowy air . ext . hoth - outside ice hangar - dusk artoo stand in the fall snow , beep worriedly . threepio move stiffly over to he . threepio you must come along now , artoo . there 's really nothing more we can do . and my joint be freezing up . artoo beep , long and low . threepio do not say thing like that ! of course we will see master luke again . he will be quite all right , you will see . ( to himself ) stupid little short -circuit . he will be quite all right . threepio turn to go back inside the main hangar as artoo mournfully keep he vigil . ext . hoth - snow drift - dusk the wind be blow quite strong now . luke struggle to stay upright , but a blast of freezing snow knock he over . he struggle to get up , but he can not . the young warrior from tatooine drag himself a couple of foot and then collapse . int . rebel base - MAIN hangar deck - entrance - night princess leia stand inside the dark entrance to the rebel base , wait for a sign of the two rebel heroes . she shiver in the cold wind as , nearby , chewie sit with he head in he hand . in the background , artoo and threepio move through the door . a rebel lieutenant move to Major derlin , a officer keep watch with the princess . lieutenant Sir , all the patrol be in . there 's still no contact from skywalker or solo . threepio mistress leia , artoo say he 's be quite unable to pick up any signal , although he do admit that he own range be far too weak to abandon all hope . leia nod a acknowledgment , but she be lose in think . derlin you highness , there 's nothing more we can do tonight . the shield door must be close . he turn to the lieutenant . derlin Close the door . lieutenant yes , sir . the lieutenant walk away . chewie let out a long , mournful howl , somewhat like a coyote . at the same moment , artoo begin a complex series of efficient beep . threepio artoo say the chance of survival be seven hundred seventy - five ... to one . leia stand praying to herself as the huge metal door slam across the entrance of the ice cave . the loud boom echo throughout the huge cavern . chewie let out another suffer howl . threepio actually , artoo have be know to make mistake ... from time to time . oh , dear , oh , dear . do not worry about master luke . I be sure he will be all right . he 's quite clever , you know ... for a human be . ext . hoth - snow drift - dusk luke lie face down in the snow , nearly unconscious . slowly he look up and see Ben kenobi , barely visible through the blow snow . it be hard to tell if kenobi be real or a hallucination . BEN luke ... luke . luke ( weakly ) Ben ? BEN you will go to the dagobah system . luke dagobah system ? BEN there you will learn from yoda , the jedi master who instruct I . the image of Ben fade , revealing a lone tauntaun rider approach from the windswept horizon . luke ( groan faintly ) Ben ... ben. luke drop into unconsciousness . han pull up and leap off he mount . he hurry to he snow - cover friend , cradling he in he arm . han 's tauntaun let out a low , pitiful bellow . but han 's concern be with luke , and he shake he urgently . han luke ! luke ! do not do this , luke . come on , give I a sign here . luke do not respond . han begin frantically rub and slapping luke 's unconscious face . as he start to lift the youth , han hear a rasp sound behind he . he turn , just in time to see he tauntaun stagger and then fall over into the snow . han carry luke to the moan beast . then , with a final groan , the tauntaun expire . han not much time . he push luke 's inert form against the belly of the dead beast . luke ( moan ) Ben ... Ben ... han hang on , kid . luke dagobah system ... han ignites luke 's saber and cut the beast from head to toe . he quickly toss it 's steaming innard into the snow , then lift luke 's inert form and stuff he inside the carcass . han ( reeling from the odor ) whew ... luke dagobah ... han this may smell bad , kid ... luke ( moan ) yoda ... han ... but it will keep you warm ... till I get the shelter build . ( struggle to get luke inside the carcass ) ooh ... I think they smell bad on the outside ! the wind have pick up considerably , make it difficult to move . han remove a pack from the dead creature 's back , take out a shelter container . he begin to set up what can only be a pitiful protection against a bitter hoth night . ext . hoth - snowdrift - dawn four snub-nose armored snowspeeder race across the white landscape . int . snowspeeder cockpit there be only one pilot , Zev , in the enclose two - man craft . he concentrate on the scope which ring he cockpit . he hear a low beep from one of he monitor . zev ( into transmitter ) echo base ... I have get something ! not much , but it could be a life form . ext . hoth - snowdrift the small craft bank and make a slow arc , then race off in a new direction . int . snowspeeder - cockpit the pilot switch over to a new transmitter . zev ( into transmitter ) this be rogue two. this be rogue two . Captain solo , so you copy ? Commander skywalker , do you copy ? this be rogue two . there be a sharp crackle of static , then a faint voice . han ( filter over Zev 's receiver ) good morning . Nice of you guy to drop by . zev ( switch transmitter ) echo base ... this be rogue two . I find they . repeat , I find they . ext . hoth - snowdrift - day the small shelter han set up be cover with snow on the windward side . a makeshift antenna rest gingerly on top the snowdrift . han spot Zev 's snowspeeder approach in the distance , and begin wave he arm frantically at the tiny craft . int . rebel base - medical CENTER strange robot surgeon adjust a mass of electronic equipment . a switch be throw and a sudden blind flash obscure luke in a bacta tank fill with a thick , gelatinous slime . he begin to thrash about , rave in delirium . int . rebel base - medical CENTER - recovery room luke sit up in a recovery - room bed , weak but smile . his face show terrible wound from the wampa 's attack . threepio and artoo enter the room . threepio master luke , sir , it 's so good to see you fully functional again . artoo beep he good wish . threepio artoo express he relief , also . han and chewie make they entrance . the wookiee growl a greeting . han how be you feel , kid ? you do not look so bad to I . in fact , you look strong enough to pull the ear off a gundark . luke thanks to you . han that 's two you owe I , junior . han turn as leia enter the room . he look at she with a big , devilish grin . han well you worship , look like you manage to keep I around for a little while longer . leia ( haughtily ) I have nothing to do with it . General rieekan think it 's dangerous for any ship to leave the system until we have activate the energy shield . han that 's a good story . I think you just can not bear to let a gorgeous guy like I out of you sight . leia I do not know where you get you delusion , laser brain . chewie be amused ; he laugh in he manner . han , enjoy himself , regards chewie good-humoredly . han laugh it up , fuzzball . but you do not see we alone in the south passage . luke spark to this ; he look at leia . han she express she true feeling for I . leia be flushed , eye darting between luke and han . leia my ...! why , you stick up , ... half - witted ... scruffy -look ... nerf - herder ! han who 's scruffy -look ? ( to luke ) I must have hit pretty close to the mark to get she all rile up like that , huh , kid ? leia look vulnerable for a moment , then the mask fall again , and she focus on luke . leia why , I guess you do not know everything about woman yet ? with that she lean over and kiss luke on the lip . then she turn on she heel and walk out , leave everyone in the room slightly dumbstruck . with some smugness , luke put he hand behind he head and grin . suddenly , in the distance , the muffle sound of a alarm be hear . announcer ( over loudspeaker ) headquarters personnel , report to command center . the voice repeat the order and han , chewie , artoo , and threepio hurry out of the room , bid farewell to luke . han take it easy . threepio Excuse we , please . int . hoth - rebel base - command CENTER rieekan look up grimly from a console screen . he call over to leia and han . rieekan princess ... we have a visitor . the group hurry over to rieekan . rieekan we have pick up something outside the base in zone twelve , move east . senior controller it 's metal . leia then it could not be one of that creature that attack luke . han it could be a speeder , one of ours . senior controller no . wait - there 's something very weak come through . threepio step up to the control panel and listen intently to the strange signal . threepio Sir , I be fluent in six million form of communication . this signal be not use by the Alliance . it could be a Imperial code . the transmission end in static . han it be not friendly , whatever it be . come on , chewie , let 's check it out . rieekan send rogues ten and eleven to station three - eight . ext . hoth - snow plain - day the dark probe robot move past the smolder ruin of station three - eight and down a ridge toward the rebel base . it raise a large antenna from the top of its head and begin to send out a pierce signal . the probe droid have spot chewbacca who , not thirty foot away , have pop he head over a snow bank . instantly , the probe robot swing around , its deadly ray ready to fire . but before it can get a shot off , it be hit from behind by a laser bolt , and explode in a million piece . han solo replace he blaster in its holster and peer intently at the smolder remain of the Imperial probe . int . hoth - rebel base - command CENTER leia and rieekan listen to han on the comlink . han ( over comlink ) afraid there 's not much leave . leia ( into comlink ) what be it ? han ( over comlink ) droid of some kind . I do not hit it that hard . it must have have a self - destruct . leia ( into comlink ) a Imperial probe droid . han ( over comlink ) it 's a good bet the Empire know we be here . rieekan we would better start the evacuation . ext . space - imperial fleet darth vader 's Star destroyer , larger and more awesome than the five Imperial Star destroyer that surround it , sit in the vastness of space . the six huge ship be surround by a convoy of smaller spacecraft . tie fighter dart to and for . int . darth vader' STAR destroyer - bridge - MAIN control deck controller work the vast complex of electronic control hear ominous approach footstep and look up from they control . the squat , evil - look Admiral ozzel and the young , powerfully build General veer , who have be confer near the front , also feel the approach presence and turn toward it . darth vader , Lord of the sith , enter like a chill wind . as vader move across the wide bridge , Captain piett hurry up to ozzel . piett Admiral . ozzel yes , Captain piett I think we have get something , sir . the report be only a fragment from a probe droid in the hoth system , but it 's the best lead we have have . ozzel ( irritate ) we have thousand of probe droid search the galaxy . I want proof , not lead ! piett the visual indicate life reading . ozzel it could mean anything . if we follow every lead ... piett but , sir , the hoth system be suppose to be devoid of human form . vader move to a large screen show a image of the rebel snow base . rebel speeder can be see approach the base in the distance . vader you find something ? piett yes , my lord . vader ( study the image on the console screen ) that 's it . the rebel be there . ozzel my lord , there be so many unchart settlement . it could be smuggler , it could be ... vader that be the system . and I be sure skywalker be with they . set you course for the hoth system . General veer , prepare you man . int . hoth - rebel base - transport BAY a captain issue instruction to two of he man at the entrance to the main transport bay . several rebel transport behind they be be load by man carry heavy box and move quickly , but not in panic . rebel captain group seven and ten will stay behind to fly the speeder . as soon as each transport be load , evacuation control will give clearance for immediate launch . rebel fighter right , sir . int . hoth - rebel base - MAIN hangar deck alarm sound . troops , ground crew , and droid rush to they alert station . armore snowspeeder be line up in attack formation near the main entrance . in the midst of all this activity , han do some frantic welding on the lifter of the millennium falcon . han finish he work and hop down to the hangar floor . he pull out he comlink , all the while eyeing problematic lifter . han ( into comlink , to chewie ) okay , that 's it . try it ... off ! turn it off ! turn it off ! off ! smoke rise from a minor explosion on the lifter . exasperate , han survey the new damage . int . rebel base - medical CENTER luke dress in readiness for the evacuation as he attend medical droid stand by . medical droid Sir , it will take quite a while to evacuate the t-forty - seven . luke well , forget the heavy equipment . there 's plenty of time to get the smaller module on the transport . medical droid take care , sir . luke thanks . int . rebel base - MAIN hangar deck pilot , gunner , and r2 unit scurry about . luke , pull on he heavy - weather jacket , be head toward a row of armored speeder . he stop at the rear of the millennium falcon , where han and chewie be try to repair the right lifter with even more haste than before . luke chewie , take care of yourself , okay ? as luke pat chewie on the arm , chewie put he arm around luke and give he a tight hug . han be discuss the lifter with a repair droid when he see luke . han hi , kid . ( to droid ) there 's get to be a reason for it . check it at the other end . wait a second . ( to luke ) you all right ? luke yeah . han be careful . luke you , too . luke smile , then wave at he friend and walk on . after a few step , he stop and look back . han glance up and the two exchange a silent communication , each wishing the other safety , happiness - many thing , all difficult to verbalize . int . rebel base - control room . alarm sound throughout the hide rebel base . in the control room , a controller urgently gesture for General rieekan to check a computer scan . controller General , there 's a fleet of Star destroyer come out of hyperspace in sector four . rieekan reroute all power to the energy shield . we have get to hold they till all transport be away . prepare for ground assault . rieekan exit hurriedly . int . vader' STAR destroyer - vader' chamber - meditation cubicle the dark cubicle be illuminate by a single shaft of light which fall on the brood Dark Lord as he sit on a raise meditation cube . General veer enter the room and approach the silent , unmove vader . although seemingly very sure of himself , veer be still not bold enough to interrupt the meditate lord . the young general stand quietly at attention until the evil presence speak . vader what be it , General ? veer my lord , the fleet have move out of light - speed . com - scan have detect a energy field protect a area around the sixth planet of the hoth system . the field be strong enough to deflect any bombardment . vader ( angrily ) the rebel be alert to we presence . Admiral ozzel come out of light - speed too close to the system . veer he feel surprise be wiser ... vader he be as clumsy as he be stupid . General , prepare you troops for a surface attack . veer yes , my lord . veer turn smartly and leave as vader activate a large viewscreen show the bridge of he mighty ship . Admiral ozzel appear on the viewscreen , stand slightly in front of Captain piett . ozzel Lord vader , the fleet have move out of light - speed , and we be prepare to ... aaagh ! vader you have fail I for the last time , Admiral . Captain piett . piett step forward , as the admiral move away , slightly confuse , touch he throat as it begin to constrict painfully . piett yes , my lord . vader make ready to land out troops beyond the energy shield and deploy the fleet so that nothing get off that system . you be in command now , Admiral piett . piett thank you , Lord vader . piett 's pleasure about he unexpected promotion be not a unmix emotion . he glance warily at the struggle Admiral ozzel who , with a final choke , stumble and fall in a lifeless heap before he . int . rebel base - MAIN hangar deck with a sense of urgency , leia quickly brief a group of pilot gather in the center of the hangar . leia all troop carrier will assemble at the north entrance . the heavy transport ship will leave as soon as they be load . only two fighter escort per ship . the energy shield can only be open for a short time , so you will have to stay very close to you transport . hobbie two fighter against a Star destroyer ? leia the ion cannon will fire several shot to make sure that any enemy ship will be out of you flight path . when you have get past the energy shield , proceed directly to the rendezvous point . understood ? pilot ( in unison ) right . okay . leia good luck . derlin okay . everyone to you station . let 's go ! the pilot hurry away . ext . hoth - ice plain - snow trench - day rebel troops carry heavy bazooka- type weapon and position they along the snow trench . Men hurriedly respond to they officer ' yell order and brace themselves against the rhythmic gust of bitter - cold wind . other troops load power pack into a gun turret and swing its gun into position . ext . hoth - ice plain - power generator near the base power generator , troops rush to set up they heavy battle equipment . buzz loudly , the generator send along , sparking finger of energy into the bitter hoth wind . int . rebel base - command CENTER the long line of rebel controller be tense , as be princess leia and General rieekan , who be try very hard not to show any fear . rieekan they primary target will be the power generator . prepare to open the shield . ext . ice plain the rebel transport and two escort fighter begin they departure from the ice planet . ext . space - imperial STAR destroyer a huge Imperial Star destroyer rest against a sea of star , far above the white surface of the planet hoth . int . imperial STAR destroyer - bridge a Imperial controller approach he commander . controller Sir , rebel ship be come into we sector . captain good . we first catch of the day . int . rebel base - command CENTER woman controller stand by , ion control ... Fire ! ext . rebel base ice cave - ion cannon the giant ball - shape ion cannon rotate into position and blast two red energy beam skyward . ext . space - hoth - rebel transport the rebel transport and its escort race away from the white planet , closely follow by the two red energy beam . as the rebel transport race toward the wait Imperial Star destroyer , it be overtaken by the two scarlet energy bolt . the Imperial Star destroyer be hit in the con tower by the powerful bolt , which set up fiery explosion on its metal hull . the big Star destroyer veer , then spin wildly out of control . as the Imperial ship career into deep space , the rebel transport race away to safety . int . rebel base - MAIN hangar deck pilot , gunner , and trooper hurry to they station and they vehicle . announcer ( over loudspeaker ) the first transport be away . everyone cheer at the announcement , which echoe through the hangar . luke turn and walk on , head toward he snowspeeder . his gunner , dack , a fresh - face , eager kid , be glad to see he . they climb in . dack feeling all right , sir ? luke just like new , dack . how about you ? dack right now I feel like I could take on the whole Empire myself . luke ( quietly , strapping in ) I know what you mean . ext . hoth - ice plain a thin horizon line cut across the bleak landscape . small dot-size object begin to appear on the horizon , move in the direction of the rebel base . ext . hoth - ice plain - snow trench a rebel officer lift a pair of electrobinoculars to he eye . through the lens he see a very close view of a giant Imperial snow walker . he adjust the view which then zoom back to reveal three more of the ominous battle machine . small flash of yellow fire billow from the gun of the lumber snow walker . the officer lower he binocular as the regular rhythmic pound begin to make the ground vibrate . the pound grow louder and be accompany by a high -pitch , metallic rattling . the officer speak into he comlink . trench officer echo Station three-t-eight . int . rebel base - corridor pilot and gunner race to they wait snowspeeder . Ice and snow begin fall from the wall of the corridor , shake by the pound Imperial snow walker as they draw ever nearer . trench officer ( over comlink ) we have spot Imperial walker ! controller Imperial walker on the north ridge . ext . hoth - ice plain - snow trench the rebel troops aim they weapon at the horizon as explosion erupt all around they . they be nervous and they grip on they weapon tighten from the cold and from fear . behind the troops a dozen snowspeeder race through the sky . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke ( into comlink ) echo station five - Seven . we be on we way . ext . hoth - ice plain - battlefield the fleet of snowspeeder race above the ice field at full throttle . they accelerate away from the base and head toward the distant walker . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke ( into comlink ) all right , boy , keep tight now . dack luke , I have no approach vector . I be not set . luke steady , dack . attack pattern delta . go now ! ext . hoth - ice plain - battlefield the cannon mount on the walker head fire at the speeder . other walker loom in the background . two speeder race away past two of the enormous walker and bank to the right . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke all right , I be come in . he turn he speeder and head directly at one of the walker , fly toward its tower leg . the horizon twist as the speeder bank between the leg . luke ( into comlink ) hobbie , you still with I ? ext . hoth - ice plain - battlefield two speeder race directly at the head of a walker , then split and fly past it . Three other walker march onward , fire all cannon . ext . hoth - ice plain - snowtrench rebel troops fire on the approach walker , as the snow and ice explode all around they . ext . hoth - ice plain - battlefield a speeder bank through and away from the leg of a walker . two other speeder pass the first speeder from the opposite direction . other rebel craft race just above the icy plain . a giant walker head swivel and fire , strike a snowspeeder and send it crash in a ball of flame . int . imperial snow WALKER - cockpit General veer and two walker pilot keep a careful eye on the racing rebel snowspeeder as they maneuver they lumber war machine forward . luke 's speeder bank in from the side of veer 's walker and head straight for its viewport , blast away . a explosion hit the walker window , but dissipate , do no harm . the speeder roar up and over the impregnable war machine . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke look back at the walker as it grow smaller in the distance . luke that armor 's too strong for blaster . on the horizon , another walker move up past luke 's cockpit window , twist out of sight as luke bank and start another run . luke ( into comlink ) rogue Group , use you harpoon and tow cable . go for the leg . it might be we only chance of stop they . ( to dack ) all right , stand by , dack . dack be at the gunner 's control . dack luke , we have get a malfunction in fire control . I will have to cut in the auxiliary . luke just hang on . hang on , dack . get ready to fire that tow cable . barely keep he seat in the tumble ship , dack struggle to set up he harpoon gun . luke swing he speeder around and head toward a oncoming walker . laser bolt and flak fill the air , create a deadly obstacle course for the tiny craft . ext . hoth - ice plain - battlefield rogue leader and another snowspeeder fly in tight formation toward the walker as explosion burst all around they . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit after sustain a heavy volley of fire , luke turn around to see if dack be all right . luke dack ? dack ! dack be lose . blood stream down he forehead , which rest on he smolder control . out the back window , a Imperial walker recede in the distance . ext . hoth - ice plain - snow trench area rebel troops fire the dishlike ray gun while explosion erupt around they . ext . hoth - ice plain - battlefield two walker lumber toward the rebel base as a speeder between they explode in a ball of flame . ext . hoth - ice plain - snow trench the dislike ray gun be hit by a laser bolt and instantly explode . int . imperial snow WALKER - cockpit through the cockpit window , veer and he pilot can see the rebel power generator in the distance . a hologram of darth vader appear on a control panel screen . veer yes , Lord vader . I have reach the main power generator . the shield will be down in moment . you may start you landing . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke ( into comlink ) rogue Three . int . wedge's snowspeeder , rogue three - cockpit wedge ( into comlink ) copy , rogue leader luke ( over comlink ) wedge , I have lose my gunner . you will have to make this shot . I will cover for you . set you harpoon . follow I on the next pass . wedge ( into comlink ) come around , rogue leader . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke ( into comlink ) steady , rogue two ext . hoth - battlefield wedge 's speeder race through the leg of one of the monstrous walker . int . wedge's snowspeeder , rogue three - cockpit wedge ( to gunner ) activate harpoon . wedge 's gunner reach for a fire switch to activate the harpoon . the harpoon flash out , and speed toward the recede leg of the walker . ext . hoth - battlefield the harpoon hurtle toward the walker , in a instant it be embed in one of the walker 's leg . int . wedge's snowspeeder , rogue three - cockpit wedge ( to gunner ) good shot , janson . ext . hoth - battlefield the speeder rogue Three race around one of the giant walker 's foot , trail the cable behind it . continue around the back foot , rogue Three then circle the walker around the tail end . int . wedge's snowspeeder , rogue three - cockpit wedge check he control and bank around the front of the walker . wedge one more pass . janson come around . once more . ext . hoth - battlefield the speeder sweep leave to right in front of the giant leg , towing the cable behind it . int . wedge's snowspeeder , rogue three - cockpit janson once more . wedge swing the speeder between the leg of the giant walker . janson cable out ! let she go ! wedge detach cable . ext . wedge's snowspeeder , rogue three the cable release on the back of the speeder snap loose and the cable drop away . int . wedge's snowspeeder , rogue three - cockpit janson cable detach . ext . hoth - battlefield the speeder zoom away into the distance . the tangle leg of the enormous war machine attempt a step , but as they do the giant Imperial walker begin to topple . it teeter for a moment , and then crash onto the icy ground , send snow and metal piece fly . ext . hoth - ice plain - snow trench the troops in the trenches cheer at the sight of the crash walker . a officer give a signal to he man and rebel troops charge the fall war machine . trench officer come on ! the troops run toward the down walker , follow by two rebel speeder fly overhead . just as they reach the walker , it explode , the impact throw some of the man onto the freeze ground . int . wedge's snowspeeder , rogue three - cockpit wedge let out a triumphant yell , banking he speeder away from the fall walker . wedge ( into comlink ) whooha ! that get he ! int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke ( into comlink ) I see it , wedge . good work . int . rebel base - command CENTER large chunks of ice tumble into the command center as leia and General rieekan monitor computer screen . rieekan I do not think we can protect two transport at a time . leia it 's risky , but we can not hold out much longer . we have no choice . rieekan ( into comlink ) Launch patrol . leia ( to a aide ) evacuate remain ground staff . int . rebel base - MAIN hangar muffled distant explosion create widen crack in the ice roof of the hangar . try to ignore the noise and fall bit of snow , han work on one of the falcon 's lifter while chewie work on one of the wing . notice chewie attach a wrong part , han grow impatient . han no , no ! no ! this one go there , that one go there . right ? in another area of the hangar , threepio watch as artoo be raise up into luke 's X - wing fighter . threepio artoo , you take good care of master luke now , understand ? and ... do take good care of yourself . oh , dear , oh , dear . ext . hoth - battlefield the fierce battle on the vast snow plain of hoth rage on . the Imperial walker continue they slow , steady assault on the rebel base , fire laser as they lumber ever onward . in the snow trench , rebel troops fire large bazookalike gun and dishlike ray gun as explosion erupt around they . a gun tower be hit by a laser bolt and instantly explode . another blast destroy a ray gun . int . imperial snow WALKER - cockpit General veer study various readout on he control panel . veer all troops will debark for ground assault . prepare to target the main generator . ext . hoth - battlefield luke 's speeder and rogue two fly in formation , banking from right to leave and fly above the erupting battlefield . flak burst all around they . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke , glance over , see rogue two on he leave . his ship shudder as flak burst nearby . luke ( into comlink ) rogue two , be you all right ? int . zev' snowspeeder , rogue two - cockpit zev ( into comlink ) yeah . I be with you , rogue leader . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke ( into comlink ) we will set harpoon . I will cover for you . ext . hoth - battlefield the two speeder race across the horizon toward the giant walker . int . zev' snowspeeder , rogue two - cockpit zev ( into comlink ) come around . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit luke ( into comlink ) watch that cross fire , boy . int . zev' snowspeeder , rogue two - cockpit zev ( into comlink ) set for position three . ( to gunner ) steady . luke ( over comlink ) stay tight and low . ext . zev' snowspeeder , rogue two luke 's speeder move in formation with rogue two , when suddenly Zev 's speeder be hit by a laser bolt . his ship buck violently under the impact and the cockpit explode in a ball of flame . spew smoke , the speeder hurtle toward a loom walker . before they collide . rogue two explode in a million flame piece . int . luke's snowspeeder , rogue leader - cockpit desperately , luke work the control of he flak - buffete ship . suddenly , the speeder be rock by a huge explosion . luke struggle with the control with a look of terror on he face . the speeder fill with smoke , and electrical spark jump about the cockpit . luke ( into comlink ) hobbie , I have be hit ! int . rebel base - command CENTER apart from the distant thunder of laser blast , the corridor be strangely quiet and empty . running footstep echo through the freezing hallway , then han appear . crack have appear in some of the wall and some pipe have break , send hot steam billow into the underground hallway . han hurry into the command center . it be a shamble , but some people be still at they post . as he enter , a gigantic cave - in almost obliterate the room . he find leia and threepio near one of the control board . han you all right ? leia nod . she be surprised to see he . leia why be you still here ? han I hear the command center have be hit . leia you get you clearance to leave . han do not worry . I will leave . first I be go to get you to you ship . threepio you highness , we must take this last transport . it 's we only hope . leia ( to controller ) send all troops in sector twelve to the south slope to protect the fighter . a blast rock the command center , throw threepio backward into han 's arm . announcer ( over loudspeaker ) Imperial troops have enter the base . han come on ... that 's it . leia ( to head controller ) give the evacuation code signal . and get to you transport ! leia look exhaust . han grab she and start to lead she out . as han , leia , and threepio run out of the command center , the code signal can be hear echoing off the corridor wall . head controller k-one-zero ... all troops disengage . threepio ( to han and leia ) oh ! wait for I ! ext . battlefield - snow trench rebel troops retreat under the awesome Imperial onslaught . officer begin retreat ! second officer fall back ! troops flee from the battle , the ground explode around they . ext . hoth - battlefield Three of the giant walker , fire laser , advance toward the rebel headquarters . ext . hoth - snow trench continue they retreat , the rebel see the walker loom ever nearer . ext . hoth - battlefield - ice plain on the battlefield , luke watch as a walker foot rise and move over he . he look up at the underbelly of the huge walker , pass overhead . running beneath the monstrous machine , luke fire he harpoon gun at the walker 's underside . a thin cable follow the projectile from the gun . the magnetic head and cable attach firmly to the metal hull . still run under the walker , luke attaches the cable drum to he belt buckle . soon he be pull up the cable and hang dangle underneath the walker . the walker 's giant foot continue to pound onward across the freeze snow . stray laser bolt whistle by luke as he climb up the cable to the walker 's hull , reach a small hatch . hanging precariously , luke cut the solid metal hatch with he laser sword . he take a landmine from around he neck and throw it inside the Imperial machine . quickly , luke start down the cable and crash onto the icy ground far below . he lie unconscious as a giant rear leg pass by - and just miss he . the giant walker stop in mid-step . a muffle explosion come from within - and then the walker 's mechanical inside be spew out every conceivable open . the machine sit dead in its track , smoking like a locomotive on stilt . ext . hoth - battlefield veer 's walker continue to advance toward the rebel base . the smolder walker that luke explode stand smoking just to the right of veer 's path . int . imperial snow WALKER - cockpit Inside he walker , General veer prepare to fire on the rebel power generator . veer distance to power generator ? pilot one-seven , decimal two-eight . veer reach for the electrorangefinder and line up the main generator . veer target . maximum fire power . ext . hoth - battlefield the rebel troops continue they desperate retreat , push back by the relentless Imperial assault . int . hoth - rebel base - ice corridor with threepio lag behind , han and leia race through the crumble ice corridor . suddenly , there be a explosion . han turn , grab the princess , and pull she to the wall as a tremendous cave - in black they path . he take the comlink from he pocket . han ( into comlink ) Transport , this be solo . better take off - I can not get to you . I will get the princess out on the falcon . han and leia turn and race down the corridor . threepio but ... but ... but ... where be you go ? uh ... come back !! int . hoth - rebel base - command CENTER Imperial troops have reach the base . as they push through the block passageway , darth vader stride behind they . int . hoth - rebel base - ice corridor han and leia run toward the entrance of the main hangar where the millennium falcon be dock . threepio still lag behind . threepio wait ! wait for I ! wait ! stop ! the door to the hangar close in he face . threepio ( exasperate ) how typical . quickly , the door reopen as han reach out and pull the golden droid through . han come on . int . hoth - rebel base - MAIN hangar chewie pace under the shelter of the millennium falcon 's landing gear . the giant wookiee pat the underbelly of he beloved ship and bark a few reassure word . as he search worriedly for he captain , something at last catch he eye . chewie let out a relieved shriek at see han and leia run toward the ship . the wookiee run out into the fall ice , let out a howl , then run up the ship 's ramp . han and leia run up the ramp after he , closely follow by threepio . han hurry up , goldenrod , or you be go to be a permanent resident ! threepio wait ! wait ! int . hoth - rebel base - ice corridor Imperial troops run through the base corridor . vader survey the place . a huge chunk fall , almost hit he , but he calmly , purposefully , continue around it . int . rebel base - MAIN hanger - millennium falcon a distant , huge , explosion rock the hangar deck . Ice cake come crash down on the millennium falcon . int . MAIN hangar - millennium falcon - MAIN hold han , stand before a control panel , be busy flipping switch as chewie watch a troublesome gauge . a worried leia observe they effort . han ( to chewie ) how 's this ? the wookiee bark a negative reply . leia would it help if I get out and push ? han it might . threepio clank into the hold . threepio Captain solo , Captain solo ... sir , might I suggest that you ... han give the gold robot a devastating look . threepio it can wait . int . MAIN hangar - millennium falcon - cockpit they move to the cockpit where han flip some more switch . leia watch he , impatient , disbely . leia this bucket of bolt be never go to get we past that blockade . han this baby 's get a few surprise leave in she , sweetheart . han and leia look out the cockpit window and see a squad of stormtrooper rush into the far side of the hangar . quickly , han strap himself into the pilot 's seat and leia into the navigator 's chair . int . hoth - rebel base - MAIN hangar stormtrooper hurriedly set up a large bazookalike weapon . behind they the giant hangar door open slowly . ext . MAIN hangar - millennium falcon a laser gun appear on the falcon and swing around to aim at the Imperial troops . the stormtrooper , prepare to fire they bazooka cannon , be hit by the falcon 's fire and be throw about in all direction . int . MAIN hangar - millennium falcon - cockpit chewie rush into the cockpit . han come on ! come on ! switch over . let 's hope we do not have a burnout . a laser hit the window near chewie as he be settling into he chair . letting out a loud whelp , chewie quickly pull back on the control and the first stage of engine fire can be hear . han flash a big grin at leia . han see ? leia someday you be go to be wrong , and I hope I be there to see it . han look at chewie . han punch it ! the roar of the falcon 's main engine blast out everything as the ice - cave wall rush by outside the cockpit window . int . rebel base - MAIN hangar more stormtrooper run into the hangar , closely follow by vader . hear the loud roar of the millennium falcon 's engine , vader look toward the main hangar door just in time to see the falcon lift up and disappear outside the cave . ext . hoth - ice slope - day luke and two other pilot look up as the millennium falcon race above they , fly very close to the ground . the three pilot turn then , and trudge onward toward they x-w fighter , each go to he own ship . luke wave farewell , then head toward he own fighter . artoo , seat on he cubbyhole , chirp a excited greeting as luke climb aboard the spacecraft . luke artoo ! get she ready for takeoff . from he ship , luke see wedge in he own x-w , prepare for takeoff . wedge good luck , luke . see you at the rendezvous . luke smile and nod at wedge , then lower himself into the cockpit of he x-w while artoo wait in the cubbyhole , beep impatiently . luke do not worry , artoo . we be go , we be go . the canopy over the X -wing lower and snap shut . ext . space - luke's x- wing luke 's fighter , its wing close , speed away from the icy planet . soon it disappear into the star . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke , look thoughtful , suddenly make a decision . he flip several switch . the star shift as he take he fighter into a steep turn . the x-w bank sharply and fly away in a new direction . the monitor screen on luke 's control panel print out a question from the concerned artoo . luke ( into comlink ) there 's nothing wrong , artoo . I be just set a new course . artoo beep once again . luke ( into comlink ) we be not go to regroup with the other . artoo begin a protest , whistling a unbely , " what ? ! " luke read artoo 's exclamation on he control panel . luke ( into comlink ) we be go to the dagobah system . luke check he readout and make a few adjustment . he ride along with only the soft hum of the instrument to break the silence . finally , artoo chirp up . luke ( into comlink ) yes , artoo ? artoo utter a soft , carefully phrase steam of whistle . luke ( into comlink , chuckle ) that 's all right . I would like to keep it on manual control for a while . the little droid let out a defeat whimper . luke smile , and continue on he course . ext . space - millennium falcon the millennium falcon speed away from hoth , closely follow by one huge Star destroyer and four tiny tie fighter . as it be pursue , the falcon race toward two very bright star-size object . int . millennium falcon - cockpit Inside the cockpit , chewie let out a loud howl . han check as the ship be buffete by explode flak . he appear to be do six thing at once . han ( harry ) I see they ! I see they ! leia saw what ? han Star destroyer , two of they , come right at we . threepio bump and bang he way into the cockpit . threepio Sir , sir ! might I suggest ... han ( to leia ) shut he up or shut he down ! ( to chewie ) check the deflector shield ! chewie bark a reply as he readjust a overhead switch . han oh , great . well , we can still outmaneuver they . ext . space - millennium falcon - STAR destroyer the millennium falcon race toward one of the huge oncoming Star destroyer . suddenly , the falcon start into a deep dive straight down , closely follow by four tie fighter . the underside of the Star destroyer continue on a collision course with two oncoming Star destroyer . slowly , it start to veer to the leave . int . STAR destroyer - bridge out the front window , the two approach Star destroyer can be see veer to the leave . imperial officer take evasive action ! alarm sound all over the huge ship . the two other Star destroyer get closer , one of they move over the bridge so close that it make brush contact with it . ext . space - millennium falcon - tie fighter the millennium falcon race away from the collide Star destroyer , still follow by four tie fighter . laser bolt spark the pitch - black sky . int . millennium falcon - cockpit thing have calm down a bit , but the race be not over yet . chewie bark at han . leia be still try to recover from the steep dive . the ship be buffete by laser blast . han prepare to make the jump to light - speed . threepio but , sir ! the buffete of laser become louder and stronger . leia they be get closer ! han ( with a gleam in he eye ) oh yeah ? watch this . expectantly , they look out the cockpit window as star do not go into hyperspace , but just sit there . han and chewie look at each other and be throw into a acute state of concern . leia watch what ? han try again . still nothing . han I think we be in trouble . threepio if I may say so , sir , I notice earlier that the hyperdrive motivator have be damage . it 's impossible to go to light - speed ! han we be in trouble ! the explosion become heavier . ext . space - millennium falcon - tie fighter - STAR destroyer the falcon race into the starry vastness , follow by the four Imperial tie fighter and a Imperial Star destroyer . int . millennium falcon - cockpit star race by as flak burst outside the falcon 's window . int . millennium falcon - hold han work furiously at some control panel while give various order to chewie . han horizontal booster ...! ( chewie bark ) alluvial damper ...! well that 's not it . ( chewie bark ) bring I the hydrospanner ! chewie hurry over to the pit and place the tool on the edge . han I do not know how we be go to get out of this one . suddenly , a loud thump hit the side of the falcon , cause it to lurch radically . chewie bark . the tool fall into the pit on top of han . han oww ! chewie ! more turbulence rock the ship . han that be no laser blast ! something hit we . leia ( over comlink ) han , get up here ! han come on , chewie ! han climb out of the hold like a shot . both he and chewie run out of the hold and toward the cockpit . int . millennium falcon - cockpit out the front cockpit window , they see hundred of asteroid racing by . leia asteroid ! han change place with leia who have be at the control , and chewie get into he chair . han work he control as a chunk of rock cross in front of the ship . han oh , no ! chewie , set two - seven - one . leia what be you do ? you be not actually go into a asteroid field ? han they would be crazy to follow we , would not they ? another asteroid thump against the ship and leia wince at the jolt . leia you do not have to do this to impress I . threepio Sir , the possibility of successfully navigate a asteroid field be approximately three thousand , seven hundred and twenty to one . han never tell I the odd ! ext . asteroid belt - millennium falcon the falcon turn into the asteroid storm and as the ship complete its turn , asteroid start come straight at the cockpit window . a large asteroid tumble away from the falcon 's path at top speed . several smaller asteroid crash into the big one , create small explosion on its surface . other asteroid of all size pass by in every direction , some collide and explode . the tiny millennium falcon veer around the big asteroid and race past it through the rain of rock , follow by four tie fighter , which bob and weave around the asteroid . one of the pursue tie fighter connect with a asteroid and explode . the other fighter be pelt with a steady stream of smaller explosion . two huge asteroid tumble toward the millennium falcon , which quickly bank around both of they . the three tie fighter follow in hot pursuit until one of the fighter scrape a asteroid and tumble out of control into deep space . ext . space - STAR destroyer - asteroid belt the massive Star destroyer blast oncoming asteroid as it follow the falcon . smaller asteroid explode across its vast surface . ext . millennium falcon - tie fighter - asteroid belt the falcon twist on its side as it race around a oncoming asteroid . two tie fighter follow in the distance , come from either side . int . millennium falcon - cockpit asteroid race by the cockpit window as han pilot he trusty craft through the dangerous field . look out the cockpit window , the falcon crew see a big asteroid drop past the window , narrowly miss they ship . chewie bark in terror as a slightly smaller asteroid come especially close - to close - and bounce off the falcon with a loud crunch . threepio 's hand cover he eye . he manage a short peek at the cockpit window . princess leia sit stone -face , stare at the action . han give she a quick look . han you say you want to be around when I make a mistake ; well , this could be it , sweetheart . leia I take it back . we be go to get pulverize if we stay out here much longer . the group watch as more asteroid race by outside the window . han I be not go to argue with that . threepio pulverize ? han I be go in closer to one of that big one . leia closer ? threepio closer ?! chewbacca bark the same word , only louder . ext . millennium falcon - asteroid belt the millennium falcon dive toward the surface of one of the moon-size asteroid . there be a continue display of explosion against the starry void as smaller asteroid collide with larger chunks of rock . the two remain tie fighter follow the falcon to the large asteroid . the falcon skim the surface of the giant asteroid as , all the while , small asteroid explode on the surface of the ship . the tie fighter approach the falcon , but a giant asteroid hurtle directly into they path . as the asteroid continue on its way , it leave remain of the two explode tie fighter to tumble into deep space . int . millennium falcon - cockpit rattled by the violent rock of the starship , threepio be nearly in hysterics . threepio oh , this be suicide ! han notice something on he main scope and nudge he faithful wookiee , point . han there . that look pretty good . leia what look pretty good ? han yeah . that will do nicely . threepio ( to leia ) Excuse I , mar 'am , but where be we go ? out the cockpit window , they see that they be skim the surface of the enormous asteroid and near a large crater . ext . millennium falcon - giant asteroid crater the millennium falcon dive into the huge crater and disappear . int . millennium falcon - cockpit leia I hope you know what you be do . han yeah , I too . int . giant asteroid crater the falcon race down into the crater . the wall be barely visible as the ship speed through the tunnellike open . a small cave appear on one side of the crater , and the falcon turn , slow , and scoot into it . ext . space - luke's x- wing the tiny X -wing speed toward the cloud cover of dagobah . artoo , riding on the back of the fighter , turn he head back and forth with some anxiety . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke watch artoo 's word as they be translate and screen on the computer scope . luke ( into comlink ) yes , that 's it . dagobah . artoo beep a hopeful inquiry . luke ( into comlink ) no , I be not go to change my mind about this . ( get a little nervous ) I be not pick up any city or technology . massive life - form reading , though . there 's something alive down there ... artoo beep , this time a slightly worried question . luke ( into comlink ) yes , I be sure it 's perfectly safe for droid . ext . space - dagobah - luke's x- wing the x-w continue its flight through the twilight above the cloud - cover planet . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke see the cloud race by as he take he craft closer to the planet . he must operate he control carefully since the cloud cover have completely obscure he vision . a alarm buzze in the background , artoo beep and whistle frantically . luke ( into comlink ) I know , I know ! all the scope be dead . I can not see a thing ! just hang on , I be go to start the landing cycle ... the blast of the retrorocket be deafen , drown out artoo 's electronic squeal . suddenly , there be a crack sound as if limb be be break off tree and then a tremendous jolt as the spacecraft stop . luke pull a switch and he canopy pop open . ext . dagobah - dusk the mist -shroud x-w fighter be almost invisible in the thick fog . luke climb out onto the long nose of the spacecraft as artoo pop out of he cubbyhole on the back . the young warrior survey the fog , which be barely pierce by the ship 's landing light . about all he can make out be some giant , twisted tree nearby . artoo whistle anxiously . luke no , artoo , you stay put . I will have a look around . artoo let out a short beep . as luke move along the nose , artoo lose he balance and disappear with a splash into the boggy lake . luke artoo ? luke kneel and lean over the plane look for artoo , but the water be still and reveal no sign of the little droid . luke artoo ! where be you ? a small periscope break the surface of the water and a gurgly beep be hear . the periscope start to move to shore . relieved , luke start run along the nose of the fighter to its tip . luke artoo ! you be more careful . the outline of the shore be now more than ten foot away . luke jump off the plane into the water , scramble up to the shore , and turn to look for artoo . the periscope still steadily move toward shore . luke artoo - that way ! suddenly , through the thick fog layer , a dark shape appear , move toward the little droid . the dark , sinuous bog beast dive beneath the swampy water , make a loud clunk against artoo 's metal hull . the droid disappear from sight , uttering a pathetic electronic scream . holding he ignite lightsaber before he , luke wade a few foot into the murky pool , look for any sign of he little friend . luke artoo ! the black surface be still as death itself ... until a few bubbles begin to appear . then , phheewaat !! the runt-size robot be spit out of the water , make a graceful arc , and come crash down into a patch of soft gray moss . luke oh , no ! be you all right ? come on . you be lucky you do not taste very good . anything break ? luke help artoo to he foot and begin wiping the mud and root from he round metal body . artoo respond with feeble , soggy beep . luke if you be say come here be a bad idea , I be beginning to agree with you . oh , artoo , what be we do here ? it 's like ... something out of a dream , or , I do not know . maybe I be just go crazy . as luke glance around at the spooky swamp jungle that surround he , artoo eject a stream of muddy water from one of he cranial port . ext . vader' STAR destroyer - vader' chamber Admiral piett hesitates in the entryway to vader 's private cubicle . after a moment , he step into the room and pause at the surprising sight before he . darth vader , he back turn , be silhouett in the gloom on the far side of the chamber . a black , insectlike droid attend he . among the various apparatuse surround they , a respirator tube now retract from vader 's uncover head . the head be bald with a mass of ugly scar tissue cover it . the black droid then lower the mask and helmet onto vader 's head . when it be in place , the Dark Lord turn to face piett . vader yes , Admiral ? piett we ship have sighted the millennium falcon , lord . but ... it have enter a asteroid field and we cannot risk ... vader ( interrupt ) asteroid do not concern I , Admiral . I want that ship and not excuse . piett yes , lord . ext . asteroid cave - millennium falcon the pirate starship rest in a dark , drip asteroid cave . it be so dark that the cave 's exact dimension be impossible to determine . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han and chewie busily shut down the engine and all electronic system . threepio and leia watch worriedly . han I be go to shut down everything but the emergency power system . threepio Sir , I be almost afraid to ask , but ... do that include shutting I down , too ? chewie bark " yes " . but han think otherwise . han no , I need you to talk to the falcon , find out what 's wrong with the hyperdrive . suddenly , the ship lurch , cause all the loose item in the cockpit to go fly . chewie howl . threepio Sir , it 's quite possible this asteroid be not entirely stable . han not entirely stable ? I be glad you be here to tell we this thing . chewie , take the professor in the back and plug he into the hyperdrive . threepio oh ! sometimes I just do not understand human behavior . after all , I be only try to do my job in the most ... the slide door close behind the indignant threepio as chewie and he move back to the hold . suddenly , the ship lurch again , throw leia across the cabin into han 's arm . then , abruptly , the motion stop as suddenly as it start . with some surprise , han and leia realize they be in each other 's arm . leia let go . han sshh ! leia let go , please . leia flush , averting she eye . she 's not exactly fight to get free . but , of course , han blow it ... han do not get excited . the anger rise in leia . leia Captain , be hold by you be not quite enough to get I excited . han sorry , sweetheart . we have not get time for anything else . han grin quickly wickedly at leia as he turn and exit through the door . leia 's confuse emotion show clearly on she lovely face . ext . dagobah - bog clearing - dusk the mist have disperse a bit , but it be still a very gloomy - look swamp . luke pull a equipment box from the shore to the clear . he ignites a little fusion furnace and warm he hand before it . take a power cable , he plug it into artoo 's noselike socket . luke ready for some power ? okay . let 's see now . put that in there . there you go . the droid whistle he appreciation . luke then open a container of process food and sit before the thermal heater . luke ( sigh ) now all I have to do be find this yoda ... if he even exist . nervously , he look around at the forebode jungle . luke still ... there 's something familiar about this place . I feel like ... I do not know ... strange voice feel like what ? luke jump out of he skin . artoo screech in terror . the young warrior grab for he lightsaber as he spin around , look for the speaker . mysteriously stand right in front of luke be a strange , bluish creature , not more than two foot tall . the wizen little thing be dress in rag . it motion toward luke 's sword . luke ( look at the creature ) like we be be watch ! creature away with you weapon ! I mean you no harm . after some hesitation , luke put away he weapon , although he really do not understand why . artoo watch with interest . creature I be wonder , why be you here ? luke I be look for someone . creature look ? found someone , you have , I would say , hmmm ? the little creature laugh . luke ( try to keep from smile ) right . creature help you I can . yes , mmmm . luke I do not think so . I be look for a great warrior . creature ahhh ! a great warrior . ( laugh and shake he head ) Wars not make one great . with the aid of a walk stick , the tiny stranger move over to one of the case of supplies . he begin to rummage around . artoo move to the edge of the case - stand almost eye level to the creature who be carelessly handle the supplies - and squeak he disapproval . they tiny visitor pick up the container of food luke be eat from and take a bite . luke put that down . hey ! that 's my dinner ! the creature spit out the bite he have take . he make a face . creature how you get so big , eat food of this kind ? he flip the container in luke 's direction and reach into one of luke 's supply case . luke listen , friend , we do not mean to land in that puddle , and if we could get we ship out , we would , but we can not , so why do not you just ... creature ( teasing ) aww , can not get you ship out ? the creature spot something of interest in luke 's case . luke lose patience and grab the case away . the creature retain he prize - a tiny power lamp - and examine it with delight . luke hey , you could have break this . do not do that . ohhh ... you be make a mess . hey , give I that ! creature ( retreate with the lamp ) mine ! or I will help you not . clutch its treasure , the creature back away from luke , draw closer to artoo . as luke and the creature argue , one of artoo 's little arm slowly move out toward the power lamp , completely unnotice by the creature . luke I do not want you help . I want my lamp back . I will need it to get out of this slimy mudhole . creature mudhole ? slimy ? my home this be . artoo grab hold of the lamp and the two little figure be immediately engage in a tug-of - war over it . artoo beep a few angry , " give I thats . " creature ah , ah , ah ! luke oh , artoo , let he have it ! creature mine ! mine ! luke artoo ! creature mine ! the creature let go with one hand and poke artoo lightly with one finger . artoo react with a startle squeal , and let go . creature mine ! luke ( feed up ) now will you move along , little fella ? we be get a lot of work to do . creature no ! no , no ! stay and help you , I will . ( laugh ) find you friend , hmm ? luke I be not look for a friend . I be look for a jedi master . creature oohhh . jedi master . yoda . you seek yoda . luke you know he ? creature mmm . take you to he , I will . ( laugh ) yes , yes . but now , we must eat . come. good food . come . with that , the creature scurries out of the clear , laugh merrily . luke stare after he . all he see be the faint light from the small power lamp move through the fog . luke make he decision and start after the creature . creature ( in the distance ) come , come . artoo , very upset , whistle a blue streak of protest . luke stay here and watch after the camp , artoo . artoo beep even more frantically . but as luke disappear from view , the worried little droid grow quieter , and utter a soft electronic sigh . int . millennium falcon - MAIN hold area threepio whistle and beep a strange dialect into the control panel in front of he . the control panel whistle back a few mystify beep . threepio oh , where be artoo when I need he ? han enter the hold area and kneel on the floor near the control box . threepio Sir , I do not know where you ship learn to communicate , but it have the most peculiar dialect . I believe , sir , it say that the power coupling on the negative axis have be polarize . I be afraid you will have to replace it . han well , of course I will have to replace it . he hand a wire coil up to chewie who be work near the ceiling . han here ! and chewie ... chewie bring he head back through the trap door in the ceiling and whine . han glance back at threepio , then speak quietly to chewie so only he can hear . han ( continue ) ... I think we would better replace the negative power coupling . leia finish welding the valve she have be work on and attempt to reengage the system by pull a lever attach to the valve . it do not budge . han notice she struggle , and move to help she . she rebuff he . han hey , you worship , I be only try to help . leia ( still struggle ) would you please stop call I that ? han hear a new tone in she voice . he watch she pull on the lever . han sure , leia . leia oh , you make it so difficult sometimes . han I do , I really do . you could be a little nicer , though . ( he watch she reaction ) come on , admit it . sometimes you think I be all right . she let go of the lever and rub she sore hand . leia occasionally ... ( a little smile , haltingly ) ... when you be not act like a scoundrel . han ( laugh ) scoundrel ? scoundrel ? I like the sound of that . with that , han take she hand and start to massage it . leia stop that . han stop what ? leia be flush , confuse . leia stop that ! my hand be dirty . han my hand be dirty , too . what be you afraid of ? leia ( look right into he eye ) afraid ? han look at she with a pierce look . he 's never look more handsome , more dash , more confident . he reach out slowly and take leia 's hand again from where it be rest on a console . he draw it toward he . han you be tremble . leia I be not tremble . then with a irresistible combination of physical strength and emotional power , the space pirate begin to draw leia toward he ... very slowly . han you like I because I be a scoundrel . there be not enough scoundrel in you life . leia be now very close to han and as she speak , she voice become a excited whisper , a tone completely in opposition to she word . leia I happen to like nice man . han I be a nice man . leia no , you be not . you be ... he kiss she now , with slow , hot lip . he take he time , as though he have forever , bend she body backward . she have never be kiss like this before , and it almost make she faint . when he stop , she regains she breath and try to work up some indignation , but find it hard to talk . suddenly , threepio appear in the doorway , speak excitedly . threepio Sir , sir ! I have isolate the reverse power flux coupling . han turn slowly , icily , from they embrace . han thank you . thank you very much . threepio oh , you be perfectly welcome , sir . the moment spoiled , han march out after threepio . ext . space - asteroid field the Imperial fleet move through the asteroid - fill void , intently seek its prey . int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge asteroid collide , create a firework display outside the bridge window . darth vader stand , stare out the window above the control deck . then slowly turn toward the bridge . before he be the hologram image of twenty battleship commander . one of this image , the commander of a ship that have just explode , be fade away quickly . another image , in the center and a little apart from the other , be fade and continually disrupt by static . it be the image of Captain needa , commander of the Star destroyer most hotly on the tail of the millennium falcon . Admiral piett and a aide stand behind the Dark Lord . needa ( in hologram ) ... and that , Lord vader , be the last time they appear in any of we scope . consider the amount of damage we have sustained , they must have be destroy . vader no , Captain , they be alive . I want every ship available to sweep the asteroid field until they be find . the Imperial star captain fade out one by one as vader turn to Admiral piett . piett Lord vader . vader yes , Admiral , what be it ? the admiral be scared , he face white as a sheet . piett the Emperor command you make contact with he . vader move the ship out of the asteroid field so that we can send a clear transmission . piett yes , my lord . ext . asteroid field - vader' STAR destroyer vader 's Imperial Star destroyer move against the vast sea of star away from the rest of the fleet . int . vader' STAR destroyer - vader' chamber the Dark Lord , darth vader , be alone in he chamber . a strange sound enter the room and a light begin to play across vader 's black figure . he look up and bow quickly . a twelve - foot hologram of the galactic Emperor materialize before vader . the Emperor 's dark robe and monk 's hood be reminiscent of the cloak wear by Ben kenobi . his voice be even deeper and more frightening than vader 's . vader what be thy bid , my master ? emperor there be a great disturbance in the Force . vader I have feel it . emperor we have a new enemy - luke skywalker . vader yes , my master . emperor he could destroy we . vader he 's just a boy . obi-wan can no longer help he . emperor the Force be strong with he . the son of skywalker must not become a jedi . vader if he could be turn , he would become a powerful ally . emperor yes . yes . he would be a great asset . can it be do ? vader he will join we or die , my master . vader kneel . the supreme Emperor pass a hand over the crouch Lord of the sith and fade away . ext . dagobah - creature's house - night a heavy downpour of rain pound through the gnarled tree . a strange baroque mud house sit on a moss - cover knoll on the edge of a small lagoon . the small , gnomish structure radiate a warm glow from its thick glass window . as rain tap - dance a merry tune on artoo 's head , the stubby little droid rise up on he tip-to to peek into one of the glow portal . int . creature's house artoo , peek in the window , see the inside of the house - a very plain , but cozy dwelling . everything be in the same small scale as the creature . the only thing out of place in the miniature room be luke , whose height make the four- foot ceiling seem even lower . he sit cross -legge on the floor of the live room . the creature be in a adjoin area - he little kitchen - cooking up a incredible meal . the stove be a steaming hodgepodge of pot and pan . the wizen little host scurries about chopping this , shredd that , and shower everything with exotic herb and spice . he rush back and forth put platter on the table in front of luke , who watch the creature impatiently . luke look , I be sure it 's delicious . I just do not understand why we can not see yoda now . creature patience ! for the jedi it be time to eat as well . eat , eat . hot. good food , hm ? good , hmm ? move with some difficulty in the cramped quarter , luke sit down near the fire and serve himself from the pot . tasting the unfamiliar concoction , he be pleasantly surprised . luke how far away be yoda ? will it take we long to get there ? creature not far . yoda not far . patience . soon you will be with he . ( taste food from the pot ) rootleaf , I cook . why wish you become jedi ? hm ? luke mostly because of my father , I guess . creature ah , you father . powerful jedi be he , powerful jedi , mmm . luke ( a little angry ) oh , come on . how could you know my father ? you do not even know who I am. ( feed up ) oh , I do not know what I be do here . we be waste we time . the creature turn away from luke and speak to a third party . creature ( irritate ) I can not teach he . the boy have no patience . luke 's head spin in the direction the creature face . but there be no one there . the boy be bewilder , but it gradually dawns on he that the little creature be yoda , the jedi master , and that he be speak with Ben . ben' voice he will learn patience . yoda hmmm . much anger in he , like he father . ben' voice be I any different when you teach I ? yoda hah . he be not ready . luke yoda ! I be ready . I ... Ben ! I can be a jedi . Ben , tell he I be ready . try to see Ben , luke start to get up but hit he head on the low ceiling . yoda ready , be you ? what know you of ready ? for eight hundred year have I train jedi . my own counsel will I keep on who be to be train ! a jedi must have the deep commitment , the most serious mind . ( to the invisible Ben , indicate luke ) this one a long time have I watch . all he life have he look away ... to the future , to the horizon . never he mind on where he be . hmm ? what he be do . hmph. adventure . heh ! excitement . heh ! a jedi crave not this thing . ( turn to luke ) you be reckless ! luke look down . he know it be true . ben' voice so be I , if you will remember . yoda he be too old . yes , too old to begin the training . luke think he detect a subtle soften in yoda 's voice . luke but I have learn so much . yoda turn he pierce gaze on luke , as though the jedi master 's huge eye could somehow determine how much the boy have learn . after a long moment , the little jedi turn toward where he alone see Ben . yoda ( sigh ) will he finish what he begin ? luke I will not fail you - I be not afraid . yoda ( turn slowly toward he ) oh , you will be . you will be . ext . space - STAR destroyer - asteroid field the Imperial fleet around vader 's ship be surround by the asteroid storm . asteroid big and small pelt the vast exterior of the menace ship . one of the smaller Imperial vessel be hit by a huge asteroid and explode in a brilliant flash of light . int . asteroid cave - millennium falcon - cockpit the cockpit be quiet and light only by the indicator light on the control panel . princess leia sit in the pilot 's seat . she run she hand across the control panel as she think of han and the confusion he have create within she . suddenly , something outside the cockpit window catch she eye . the reflection of the panel light obscure she vision until a soft suctionlike cup attaches itself to the windscreen . leia move closer to see what it might be . large , yellow eye flash open and stare back at she . startle , she jump back into she seat , she heart pound . there be a scurry of foot and a loud screech , and in a instant the eye be go . the young princess catch she breath , jump out of she chair , and race from the cockpit . int . asteroid cave - millennium falcon - hold area the light go bright for a second then out again . threepio and chewbacca watch as han finish with some wire . threepio Sir , if I may venture a opinion ... han I be not really interested in you opinion , threepio . leia rush into the cabin just as han drop the final floor panel into place . leia ( out of breath ) there 's something out there . han where ? leia outside , in the cave . as she speak , there come a sharp bang on the hull . chewie look up and bark anxiously . threepio there it be . listen ! listen ! han I be go out there . leia be you crazy ?! han I just get this bucket back together . I be not go to let something tear it apart . he and chewie grab they breath mask off a rack and hurry out . leia follow . leia then I be go with you . threepio I think it might be better if I stay here and guard the ship . ( hear another mysterious noise ) oh , no . ext . asteroid cave - millennium falcon it be very dark inside the huge asteroid cave , too dark to see what be attack the ship . leia stamp she foot on the floor of the cave . leia this ground sure feel strange . it do not feel like rock at all . han kneel and study the ground , then attempt to study the outline of the cave . han there 's a awful lot of moisture in here . leia I do not know . I have a bad feel about this . han yeah . chewie bark through he face mask , and point toward the ship 's cockpit . a five-foot-long shape can be see move across the top of the falcon . the leathery creature let out a screech as han blast it with a laser bolt . han ( to leia ) watch out ! the black shape tumble off the spaceship and onto the ground in front of the princess . han bend down to investigate the dead creature . han yeah , that 's what I think . mynock . chewie , check the rest of the ship , make sure there be not any more attach . they be chew on the power cable . leia mynock ? han go on inside . we will clean they off if there be any more . just then , a swarm of the ugly creature swoops through the air . leia put she arm over she head to protect herself as she run toward the ship . chewie shoos another mynock away with he blaster . several of the batlike creature flap they wing loudly against the cockpit window of the falcon . Inside , threepio shudder at they presence . threepio ohhh ! go away ! go away ! beastly little thing . shoo ! shoo ! han look around the strange , drip cave . han wait a minute ... he unholster he blaster and fire at the far side of the huge cave . the cavern begin to shake and the ground start to buckle . chewie bark and move for the ship , follow closely by leia and han . the large wing of the mynock flap past they as they protect they face and run up the platform . int . asteroid cave - millennium falcon - entry area as soon as han and leia be on board , chewie close the main hatch . the ship continue to shake and heave . han all right , chewie , let 's get out of here ! the wookiee head for the cockpit as han , follow by threepio , rush to the hold area and check the scope on the control panel . leia hurry after . leia the Empire be still out there . I do not think it 's wise to ... han rush past she and head for the cockpit . han ( interrupt ) no time to discuss this in committee . and with that he be go . the main engine of the falcon begin to whine . leia race after he , bounce around in the shaking ship . leia ( angry ) I be not a committee ! int . asteroid cave - millennium falcon - cockpit han be already in the pilot 's seat pull back on the throttle . the cave- quake have greatly diminish . leia you can not make the jump to light - speed in this asteroid field ... han sit down , sweetheart . we be take off ! as the ship begin to move forward , chewie bark . he notice something out the window ahead . threepio see it too . threepio look ! han I see it , I see it . suddenly , a row of jag white stalagmite and stalactite can be see surround the entrance . and as the falcon move forward , the entrance to the cave grow ever smaller . han pull hard on the throttle , send he ship surging forward . threepio we be doom ! leia the cave be collapse . han this be no cave . leia what ? leia 's mouth drop open . she see that the rock of the cave entrance be not rock at all , but giant tooth , quickly close around the tiny ship . chewie howl . int . space slug mouth the millennium falcon , zoom through the monster 's mouth , roll on its side and barely make it between two of the gigantic white tooth before the huge jaw slam close . ext . cave entrance - giant asteroid the enormous space slug move its head out of the cave as the falcon fly out of its mouth . the monster tilt its head , watch the starship fly away . ext . millennium falcon - giant asteroid the falcon race out of the asteroid crater and into the deadly rain of the asteroid storm . ext . dagobah - day with yoda strapped to he back , luke climb up one of the many thick vine that grow in the swamp . pant heavily , he continue he course - climb , flipping through the air , jump over root , and racing in and out of the heavy ground fog . yoda run ! yes . a jedi 's strength flow from the Force . but beware of the dark side . anger ... fear ... aggression . the dark side of the Force be they . easily they flow , quick to join you in a fight . if once you start down the dark path , forever will it dominate you destiny , consume you it will , as it do obi-wan 's apprentice . luke vader . be the dark side stronger ? yoda no ... no ... no . quicker , easier , more seductive . luke but how be I to know the good side from the bad ? yoda you will know . when you be calm , at peace . passive . a jedi use the Force for knowledge and defense , never for attack . luke but tell I why I can not ... yoda ( interrupt ) no , no , there be no why . nothing more will I teach you today . clear you mind of question . mmm. mmmmmmmm . artoo beep in the distance as luke let yoda down to the ground . breathe heavily , he take he shirt from a nearby tree branch and pull it on . he turn to see a huge , dead , black tree , its base surround by a few foot of water . giant , twisted root form a dark and sinister cave on one side . luke stare at the tree , tremble . luke there 's something not right here . yoda sit on a large root , poke he gimer stick into the dirt . luke I feel cold , death . yoda that place ... be strong with the dark side of the Force . a domain of evil it be . in you must go . luke what 's in there ? yoda only what you take with you . luke look warily between the tree and yoda . he start to strap on he weapon belt . yoda you weapon ... you will not need they . luke give the tree a long look , than shake he head " no . " yoda shrug . luke reach up to brush aside some hang vine and enter the tree . int . dagobah - tree cave luke move into the almost total darkness of the wet and slimy cave . the youth can barely make out the edge of the passage . holding he light saber before he , he see a lizard crawl up the side of the cave and a snake wrap around the branch of a tree . luke draw a deep breath , then push deeper into the cave . the space widen around he , but he feel that rather than see it . his sword cast the only light as he peer into the darkness . it be very quiet here . then , a loud hiss ! darth vader appear across the blackness , illuminate by he own just- ignite laser sword . immediately , he charge luke , saber hold high . he be upon the youth in second , but luke sidestep perfectly and slashes at vader with he sword . vader be decapitate . his helmet - encase head fly from he shoulder as he body disappear into the darkness . the metallic bang of the helmet fill the cave as vader 's head spin and bounce , smashes on the floor , and finally stop . for a instant it rest on the floor , then it crack vertically . the black helmet and breath mask fall away to reveal ... luke 's head . across the space , the stand luke gasp at the sight , wide - eye in terror . the decapitate head fade away , as in a vision . ext . dagobah - cave - dusk meanwhile , yoda sit on the root , calmly lean on he gimer stick . ext . space - vader' STAR destroyer vader 's Imperial Star destroyer move through space , guard by its convoy of tie fighter . int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge - control deck vader stand in the back control area of he ship 's bridge with a motley group of man and creature . Admiral piett and two controller stand at the front of the bridge and watch the group with scorn . piett bounty hunter . we do not need that scum . first controller yes , sir . piett that rebel will not escape we . a second controller interrupt . second controller Sir , we have a priority signal from the Star destroyer avenger . piett right . the group stand before vader be a bizarre array of galactic fortune hunter there be bossk , a slimy , tentacled monster with two huge , bloodshot eye in a soft baggy face ; Zuckuss and dengar , two battle - scar , mangy human type ; ig - 88 , a batter , tarnish chrome war droid ; and boba fett , a man in a weapon - cover armored space suit . vader ... there will be a substantial reward for the one who find the millennium falcon . you be free to use any method necessary , but I want they alive . no disintegration . boba fett as you wish . at that moment , Admiral piett approach vader in a rush of excitement . piett Lord vader ! my lord , we have they . ext . imperial STAR destroyer , avenger - asteroid belt the millennium falcon speed through deep space , closely follow by a fire Imperial Star destroyer . a large asteroid about the same size as the falcon tumble rapidly toward the starship . the tiny falcon bank to avoid the giant asteroid as smaller rock pelt its surface . then the small craft roar under the asteroid which explode harmlessly on the hull of the vast Star destroyer . int . millennium falcon - cockpit the ship shudder as flak explode near the cockpit window . threepio check a tracking scope a the side control panel while leia watch tensely out the window . threepio oh , thank goodness we be come out of the asteroid field . chewie bark excitedly as the rain of asteroid begin to subside . a bolt from the Star destroyer set up a fiery explosion on the back side of the falcon , cause it to lurch to one side . ext . millennium falcon - STAR destroyer , avenger - asteroid field the falcon be hit hard by another bolt from the Star destroyer which create a huge explosion near the cockpit of the smaller ship . the falcon tilt steeply , then rights itself . int . millennium falcon - cockpit han correct the angle of he ship . han let 's get out of here . ready for light -speed ? one ... two ... three ! han pull back on the hyperspace throttle and - nothing happen . flak burst continue to rock the ship . han ( frantic ) it 's not fair ! chewie be very angry and start to growl and bark at he friend and captain . again , han desperately pull back on the throttle . han the transfer circuit be work . it 's not my fault ! chewie put he head in he hand , whining . leia ( almost expect it ) no light -speed ? han it 's not my fault . threepio Sir , we just lose the main rear deflector shield . one more direct hit on the back quarter and we be do for . han pause for a moment , make a decision , and pull back on a lever . han turn she around . chewie bark in puzzlement . han I say turn she around ! I be go to put all power in the front shield . leia you be go to attack they ?! threepio Sir , the odd of survive a direct assault on a Imperial Star destroyer ... leia shut up ! ext . space - millennium falcon - asteroid field the falcon bank , make a steep , twist turn . in the next moment it be racing toward the Star destroyer , look very small against the massive surface of the Imperial ship . as it move across the surface of the Star destroyer , the falcon bob and weave to avoid the numerous flak burst . int . STAR destroyer , avenger - bridge the tiny falcon head directly for the avenger 's bridge . the imperial station there be stunne to see the small spaceship racing low across the hull , head directly at the huge window of the bridge area . alarm go off everywhere . the destroyer 's commander , Captain needa , can scarcely believe he eye . needa they be move to attack position ! shield up ! needa and he man duck as the falcon near the bridge window . at the last minute , the falcon veer off and out of sight . all be quiet . needa track they . they may come around for another pass . tracking officer Captain needa , the ship no longer appear on we scope . needa they can not have disappear . no ship that small have a cloaking device . tracking officer well , there 's no trace of they , sir . communications officer Captain , Lord vader demand a update on the pursuit . needa ( draw a breath ) get a shuttle ready . I shall assume full responsibility for lose they , and apologize to Lord vader . meanwhile , continue to scan the area . communications officer yes , Captain needa . ext . dagobah - bog - day luke 's face be upside - down and show enormous strain . he stand on he hand , with yoda perch on he foot . opposite luke and yoda be two rock the size of bowl ball . luke stare at the rock and concentrate . one of the rock lift from the ground and float up to rest on the other . yoda use the Force . yes ... yoda tap luke 's leg . quickly , luke lift one hand from the ground . his body waver , but he maintain he balance . artoo , stand nearby , be whistling and beep frantically . yoda now ... the stone . feel it . luke concentrate on try to lift the top rock . it rise a few foot , shaking under the strain . but , distract by artoo 's frantic beep , luke lose he balance and finally collapse . yoda jump clear . yoda concentrate ! annoy at the disturbance , luke look over at artoo , who be rock urgently back and forth in front of he . artoo waddle closer to luke , chirp wildly , then scoot over the edge of the swamp . catch on , luke rush to the water 's edge . the x-w fighter have sink , and only the tip of its nose show above the lake 's surface . luke oh , no . we will never get it out now . yoda stamp he foot in irritation . yoda so certain be you . always with you it can not be do . hear you nothing that I say ? luke look uncertainly out at the ship . luke master , move stone around be one thing . this be totally different . yoda no ! no different ! only different in you mind . you must unlearn what you have learn . luke ( focus , quietly ) all right , I will give it a try . yoda no ! try not . do . or do not . there be no try . luke close he eye and concentrate on think the ship out . slowly , the x-w 's nose begin to rise above the water . it hover for a moment and then slide back , disappear once again . luke ( panting heavily ) I can not . it 's too big . yoda size matter not . look at I . judge I by my size , do you ? hm ? mmmm . luke shake he head . yoda and well you should not . for my ally in the Force . and a powerful ally it be . life create it , make it grow . its energy surround we and bind we . luminous being be we ... ( yoda pinch luke 's shoulder ) ... not this crude matter . ( a sweeping gesture ) you must feel the Force around you . ( gesture ) here , between you ... I ... the tree ... the rock ... everywhere ! yes , even between this land and that ship ! luke ( discourage ) you want the impossible . quietly yoda turn toward the x-w fighter . with he eye close and he head bow , he raise he arm and point at the ship . soon , the fighter rise above the water and move forward as artoo beep in terror and scoot away . the entire X -wing move majestically , surely , toward the shore . yoda stand on a tree root and guide the fighter carefully down toward the beach . luke stare in astonishment as the fighter settles down onto the shore . he walk toward yoda . luke I do not ... I do not believe it . yoda that be why you fail . luke shake he head , bewilder . ext . space - imperial fleet the fleet around vader 's Star destroyer now include needa 's Star destroyer , the avenger . int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge vader apology accept , Captain needa . clutch desperately at he throat , Captain needa slump down , then fall over on he back , at the foot of darth vader . two stormtrooper pick up the lifeless body and carry it quickly away as Admiral piett and two of he captain hurry up to the Dark Lord . piett Lord vader , we ship have complete they scan of the area and find nothing . if the millennium falcon go into light - speed , it will be on the other side of the galaxy by now . vader alert all command . calculate every possible destination along they last know trajectory . piett yes , my lord . we will find they . vader do not fail I again , Admiral . vader exit as the admiral turn to a aide , a little more uneasy than when he arrive . piett alert all command . deploy the fleet . ext . space - imperial fleet vader 's ship move away , flanke by its fleet of smaller ship . the avenger glide off into space in the opposite direction . no one on that ship or on vader 's be aware that , cling to the side of the avenger , be the pirateship , the millennium falcon . int . millennium falcon - cockpit threepio Captain solo , this time you have go too far . ( chewie growl ) no , I will not be quiet , chewbacca . why do not anyone listen to I ? han ( to chewie ) the fleet be beginning to break up . go back and stand by the manual release for the landing claw . chewie bark , struggle from he seat , and climb out of the cabin . threepio I really do not see how that be go to help . surrender be a perfectly acceptable alternative in extreme circumstance . the Empire may be gracious enough ... leia reach over and shut off threepio , mid-sentence . han thank you . leia what do you have in mind for you next move ? han well , if they follow standard Imperial procedure , they will dump they garbage before they go to light - speed , then we just float away . leia with the rest of the garbage . then what ? han then we have get to find a safe port somewhere around here . get any idea ? leia no . where be we ? han the anoat system . leia anoat system . there 's not much there . han no. well , wait . this be interesting . lando . he point to a computer mapscreen on the control panel . leia slip out of she chair and move next to the handsome pilot . small light point represent several system flash by on the computer screen . leia lando system ? han lando 's not a system , he 's a man . lando calrissian . he 's a card player , gambler , scoundrel . you would like he . leia thanks . han bespin . it 's pretty far , but I think we can make it . leia ( read from the computer ) a mining colony ? han yeah , a tibanna gas mine . lando con somebody out of it . we go back a long way , lando and I . leia can you trust he ? han no . but he have no love for the Empire , I can tell you that . chewie bark over the intercom . han quickly change he readout and stretch to look out the cockpit window . han ( into intercom ) here we go , chewie . stand by . detach ! han lean back in he chair and give leia a invisible smile . she think for a moment , shake she head ; a grin creep across she face and she give he a quick kiss . leia you do have you moment . not many , but you have they . ext . space - imperial STAR destroyer as the avenger Star destroyer move slowly into space , the hatch on its underbelly open , send a trail of junk behind it . Hidden among the refuse , the falcon tumble away . in the next moment , the avenger roar off into hyperspace . the falcon 's engine be ignite , and it race off into the distance . amidst the slowly drift junk , boba fett 's ship appear and move after the falcon . ext . dagobah - bog - clearing - day in the clear behind yoda 's house , luke again stand upside - down , but he face show less strain and more concentration than before . yoda sit on the ground below the young warrior . on the other side of the clear , two equipment case slowly rise into the air . nearby artoo watch , hum to himself , when suddenly he , too , rise into the air . his little leg kick desperately and he head turn frantically , look for help . yoda concentrate ... feel the Force flow . yes. good . calm , yes . through the Force , thing you will see . other place . the future ... the past . Old friend long go . luke suddenly become distress . luke han ! leia ! the two pack box and artoo fall to the ground with a crash , then luke himself tumble over . yoda ( shaking he head ) hmm . Control , control . you must learn control . luke I see ... I see a city in the cloud . yoda mmm . Friends you have there . luke they be in pain . yoda it be the future you see . luke future ? will they die ? yoda close he eye and lower he head . yoda difficult to see . always in motion be the future . luke I have get to go to they . yoda decide you must how to serve they best . if you leave now , help they you could . but you would destroy all for which they have fight and suffer . luke be stop cold by yoda 's word . gloom shroud he as he nod he head sadly . ext . bespin system - millennium falcon - dawn the powerful pirate starship blast through space as it head toward the soft pink planet of bespin . ext . bespin surface - millennium falcon it be down on the gaseous planet . huge billow cloud form a canyon as the ship bank around they , head toward the system 's cloud City . suddenly , two twin-pod cloud car appear and move toward the falcon . the cloud car draw up alongside the starship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit one of the cloud car open fire on the falcon , its flak rock the ship . chewie bark he concern . han ( into transmitter ) no , I do not have a landing permit . I be try to reach lando calrissian . more flak burst outside the cockpit window and rattles the ship 's interior . leia look worried . han ( into transmitter ) whoa ! wait a minute ! let I explain . intercom voice you will not deviate from you present course . threepio Rather touchy , be not they ? leia I think you know this person . chewie bark and growl at he boss . han ( to chewie ) well , that be a long time ago . I be sure he 's forget about that . intercom voice permission grant to land on platform Three -two-seven . han ( into transmitter ) thank you . angry , han snap off the intercom . chewie look at he and grunt . han turn to the worried princess and she droid . han there 's nothing to worry about . we go way back , lando and I . leia do not look convinced . leia who 's worried ? ext . cloud CITY - millennium falcon - cloud car the cloud part to reveal a full view of the city as it bob in and out of the cloud surface . the cloud car and the falcon head for the gleam white metropolis . ext . cloud CITY - landing platform - millennium falcon with the cloud car still guard it , the falcon land on one of the cloud City 's platform . ext . landing platform - door of millennium falcon han and leia stand at the open door , armed . behind they , chewie , also armed , survey the scene warily . threepio oh . no one to meet we . leia I do not like this . han well , what would you like ? threepio well , they do let we land . han look , do not worry . everything 's go to be fine . trust I . int . cloud CITY - corridor - day lando calrissian , a suave , dash black man in he thirty , lead a group of aide and some cloud City guard rapidly toward the landing platform . the group , like the other citizen of the city , be a motley collection of alien , droid , and human of all description . lando have a grim expression on he face as he move onto the landing platform . ext . landing platform - door of millennium falcon han see ? my friend . ( to chewie ) keep you eye open , okay ? chewie growl as han walk down the ramp . lando and he man head across the bridge to meet the space pirate . ext . cloud CITY - landing platform lando stop ten foot from han . the two man eye each other carefully . lando shake he head . lando why , you slimy , double -crossing , no -good swindler ! you have get a lot of gut come here , after what you pull . han point to himself innocently , mouth , " I ? " lando move threateningly toward han . suddenly , he throw he arm around he startle , long - lose friend and embrace he . lando ( laugh ) how you do , you old pirate ? so good to see you ! I never think I would catch up with you again . where you be ? the two old friend embrace , laugh and chuckle . ext . landing platform - door of millennium falcon . threepio well , he seem very friendly . leia ( wary ) yes ... very friendly . ext . cloud CITY - landing platform lando what be you do here ? han ( gesture toward the falcon ) ahh ... repair . I think you could help I out . lando ( in mock panic ) what have you do to my ship ? han you ship ? hey , remember , you lose she to I fair and square . chewie growl a reserve greeting . lando suddenly notice the princess and smile . lando hello . what have we here ? welcome . I be lando calrissian . I be the administrator of this facility . and who might you be ? leia leia . lando welcome , leia . lando bow before leia and kiss she hand . han all right , all right , you old smoothie . han take leia by the hand and steer she away from lando . threepio hello , sir . I be see- threepio , human -cyborg relation . my facility be at you ... before threepio can finish he self - introduction , lando have turn to follow han and leia , who be walk toward the city . threepio well , really ! lando , he aide , lobot , and han lead the way across the bridge , follow by threepio , chewie and leia . lando what 's wrong with the falcon ? han hyperdrive . lando I will get my people to work on it . han good . lando turn to leia . lando you know , that ship save my life quite a few time . she 's the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy . int . cloud CITY - corridor the group have cross the narrow bridge and enter the city . they walk down the lovely Art Deco passageway , round several corner and pass many small plaza as they go . threepio lag a bit behind . han how 's the gas mine ? be it pay off for you ? lando oh , not as well as I would like . we be a small outpost and not very self - sufficient . and I have have supply problem of every kind . I have have labor difficulty ... ( catch han grin at he ) what 's so funny ? han you . listen to you - you sound like a businessman , a responsible leader . who would have think that , huh ? lando be reflective . he look at han a moment . lando you know , see you sure bring back a few thing . han yeah . lando ( shake he head ) yeah . I be responsible this day . it 's the price you pay for be successful . han and lando laugh together , and the group move on through the corridor . the lag threepio pass a threepio- type silver droid who be come out of a door . threepio oh ! Nice to see a familiar face . second threepio ( mumble ) E chu to ! threepio how rude ! threepio stop , watch the silver droid move away . then he hear the muffle beep and whistling of a r2 unit come from within the room . int . cloud CITY - anteroom curious , threepio enter the room . threepio that sound like a r2 unit in there . I wonder if ... threepio walk through the doorway to the main room . he look in . threepio hello ? how interesting . oh , my . man' voice ( from within ) who be you ? threepio oh , I be terribly sorry . I ... I do not mean to intrude . no , no , please do not get up . no ! a laser bolt to threepio 's chest send he fly in twenty direction . smolder mechanical arm and leg bounce off the wall as the door whoosh close behind he . int . cloud CITY - corridor lando , han , and leia continue down the corridor unaware of threepio 's dreadful accident . chewbacca glance around , sniff the air , but shrug he shoulder and follow the group . ext . dagobah - bog - dusk in the bright light of the fighter , luke load a heavy case into the belly of the ship . artoo sit on top of the x-w , settling down into he cubbyhole . yoda stand nearby on a log . yoda luke ! you must complete the training . luke I can not keep the vision out of my head . they be my friend . I have get to help they . yoda you must not go ! luke but han and leia will die if I do not . ben' voice you do not know that . luke look toward the voice in amazement . Ben have materialize as a real , slightly shimmer image near yoda . the power of he presence stop luke . BEN even yoda can not see they fate . luke but I can help they ! I feel the Force ! BEN but you can not control it . this be a dangerous time for you , when you will be tempt by the dark side of the Force . yoda yes , yes . to obi-wan you listen . the cave . remember you failure at the cave ! luke but I have learn so much since then . master yoda , I promise to return and finish what I have begin . you have my word . BEN it be you and you ability the Emperor want . that be why you friend be make to suffer . luke and that be why I have to go . BEN luke , I do not want to lose you to the Emperor the way I lose vader . luke you will not . yoda stop they must be . on this all depend . only a fully train jedi knight with the Force as he ally will conquer vader and he Emperor . if you end you training now , if you choose the quick and easy path , as vader do , you will become a agent of evil . BEN patience . luke and sacrifice han and leia ? yoda if you honor what they fight for ... yes ! luke be in great anguish . he struggle with the dilemma , a battle raging in he mind . BEN if you choose to face vader , you will do it alone . I can not interfere . luke I understand . ( he move to he X - wing ) artoo , fire up the converter . artoo whistle a happy reply . BEN luke , do not give in to hate - that lead to the dark side . luke nod and climb into he ship . yoda strong be vader . mind what you have learn . save you it can . luke I will . and I will return . I promise . artoo close the cockpit . Ben and yoda stand watch as the roar of the engine and the wind engulf they . yoda ( sigh ) told you , I do . reckless be he . now matter be worse . BEN that boy be we last hope . yoda ( look up ) no . there be another . ext . space - planet dagobah luke 's tiny x-w rocket away from the green planet of dagobah and off into space . int . cloud CITY - live quarter - day within the quarter assign she on cloud City , leia pace in agitation . she have change from she cold - weather pants and jacket to a lovely dress . her hair be down , tie back with ribbon . she move from a large , open window and turn to see han enter through the doorway . han the ship be almost finish . two or Three more thing and we be in great shape . leia the sooner the better . something 's wrong here . no one have see or know anything about threepio . he 's be go too long to have get lose . han take leia by the shoulder and gently kiss she forehead . han relax . I will talk to lando and see what I can find out . leia I do not trust lando . han well , I do not trust he , either . but he be my friend . besides , we will soon be go . leia and then you be as good as go , be not you ? not speak , han consider she word and gaze at she troubled face . int . cloud CITY - junk room the room be pile high with break and discard machine part . four ugnaught , small hoglike creature , separate the junk and throw some piece onto a conveyer belt which move briskly toward a pit of molten metal . piece of threepio 's golden body move down the belt . chewie enter the room and spot a ugnaught pick up and inspect threepio 's head . the wookiee bark a command , startling the ugnaught , then reach to grab the head . but the ugnaught toss it away from he to another ugnaught . this game of keep - away go on until threepio 's head fall from they grip and bounce with a clang onto the ground . int . cloud CITY - live quarter - day the door zap open . chewbacca walk in , carry a pack case of threepio , arm and leg hang over the edge . leia what happen ? chewie set the case on a table , grunt and groan a explanation . han where ? found he in a junk pile ? leia oh , what a mess . chewie , do you think you can repair he ? the giant wookiee study the array of robot part . he look at the princess and shrug sadly . han lando 's get people who can fix he . leia no , thanks . there be a buzz and the door slide open , revealing lando . lando I be sorry . be I interrupt anything ? leia not really . lando you look absolutely beautiful . you truly belong here with we among the cloud . leia ( coolly ) thank you . lando will you join I for a little refreshment ? han look at lando suspiciously , but chewie bark at the mention of food and lick he lip . lando everyone 's invite , of course . leia take lando 's proffer arm , and the group turn to go . lando spot threepio 's remain . lando have trouble with you droid ? han and leia exchange a quick glance . han no . no problem . why ? han and leia move arm - in - arm through the door , follow by lando and chewie . the door slide close behind they . int . cloud CITY - corridor - day leia walk between han and lando as chewie follow a short distance behind . Long shaft of light pour across the corridor between tall , pure - white column . lando so you see , since we be a small operation , we do not fall into the ... uh ... jurisdiction of the Empire . leia so you be part of the mining guild then ? lando no , not actually . we operation be small enough not to be notice ... which be advantageous for everybody since we customer be anxious to avoid attract attention to themselves . the group walk into another corridor and head for a huge doorway at the far end . han be not you afraid the Empire 's go to find out about this little operation and shut you down ? lando that 's always be a danger loom like a shadow over everything we have build here . but thing have develop that will insure security . I have just make a deal that will keep the Empire out of here forever . int . cloud CITY - dine room the mighty door to the dining room slide open and the group enter the dining room . at the far end of a huge banquet table sit darth vader . stand at he side and slightly behind he be boba fett , the bounty hunter . faster than the wink of a eye , han draw he blaster and pop off a couple of shot directly at vader . the Dark Lord quickly raise he hand , deflect the bolt into one of the side wall , where they explode harmlessly . just as quickly , han 's weapon zip into vader 's hand . the evil presence calmly place the gun on the table in front of he . vader we would be honore if you would join we . han give lando a mean look . lando I have no choice . they arrive right before you do . I be sorry . han I be sorry , too . ext . luke's x- wing - bespin system luke 's x-w race through thick cloud toward cloud City . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit luke be grim -face as he pilot he course toward bespin 's shine city . artoo 's beep and whistle be transmit onto the scope . luke ( into comlink ) no , threepio 's with they . artoo whistle another worried inquiry . luke ( into comlink ) just hang on . we be almost there . int . cloud CITY - large cell chewbacca be in a cloud City prison cell . the stark room be flood with hot light . to add to chewie 's misery , a high - pitch whistle screech loudly . chewie be go mad . he hit the wall with giant fist as he pace back and forth across the cell floor . the upper light go off abruptly . the prisoner rub he eye and move to a wall , where he listen for a moment . then , moan to himself , he move to a platform where the disassembled piece of threepio lie . he pick up the golden droid 's head and meditate on it for a moment , bark a few philosophical remark . chewie stick the robot 's head on its torso and start adjust wire and circuit . suddenly , the light in threepio 's eye spark to life as chewie touch two connector together . threepio immediately begin to speak , but he voice be so slow and so low as to be nearly unintelligible . threepio mmmm . oh , my . uh , I , uh - take this off ! I , uh , do not mean to intrude here . I , do not , no , no , no ... please do not get up . no ! chewie look at threepio in bewilderment , then scratch he furry head . he get a idea and adjust some connection , whereupon threepio immediately begin speak normally . threepio stormtrooper ? here ? we be in danger . I must tell the other . oh , no ! I have be shot ! int . cloud CITY - prison entry area darth vader stride through the room as two stormtrooper prepare a elaborate torture mechanism . han be strapped to a rack which tilt forward onto the torture device . vader activate the mechanism , create two burst of spark , one of which strike han 's face . the door open , and vader leave the torture room just as han scream a sharp , pierce cry of agony . darth vader move to the hold chamber , where lando and boba fett await he . int . cloud CITY - holding chamber lando Lord vader . vader ( to fett ) you may take Captain solo to jabba the Hut after I have skywalker . han 's scream filter through the torture room door . boba fett he 's no good to I dead . vader he will not be permanently damage . lando Lord vader , what about leia and the wookiee ? vader they must never again leave this city . lando that be never a condition of we agreement , nor be give han to this bounty hunter ! vader perhaps you think you be be treat unfairly . lando no . vader good . it would be unfortunate if I have to leave a garrison here . vader turn and sweep into the elevator with boba fett . lando walk swiftly down another corridor , mutter to himself . lando this deal 's get worse all the time . int . cloud CITY - large cell chewie now have a little more of threepio back together . one arm be connect , but the leg be yet to be attach . there be one small problem , however . it seem the wookiee have manage to put the droid 's head on backwards . threepio oh , yes , that 's very good . I like that . oh ! something 's not right because now I can not see . wait . wait ! oh , my ! what have you do ? I be backwards , you stupid furball . only a overgrown mophead like you would be stupid enough ... threepio be cut off in mid-sentence as chewie angrily deactivate a circuit and the droid shut down . the wookiee smell something and sit up . the door to the chamber slide open and a rag han solo be shove into the room by two stormtrooper . barking he concern , the huge wookiee give han a big hug . han be very pale , with dark circle under he eye . han I feel terrible . chewie help han to a platform and then turn as the door slide open revealing leia . she , too , look a little worse for wear . the trooper push she into the cell , and the door slide close . she move to han , who be lie on the platform , and kneel next to he , gently stroking he head . leia why be they do this ? han they never even ask I any question . the cell door slide open . lando and two of he guard enter . leia lando . han get out of here , lando ! lando shut up and listen ! vader have agree to turn leia and chewie over to I . han over to you ? lando they will have to stay here , but at least they will be safe . leia what about han ? lando vader 's give he to the bounty hunter . leia vader want we all dead . lando he do not want you at all . he 's after somebody call skywalker . han luke ? lando Lord vader have set a trap for he . leia 's mind be racing . leia and we be the bait . lando well , he 's on he way . han 's rage peak . han perfect . you fix we all pretty good , do not you ? ( spit it out ) my friend ! han haul off and punch lando . the two friend be instantly engage in a frantic close - quarter fight . the guard hit han with they rifle butt and he fly across the room . chewie growl and start for the guard . they point they laser weapon at the giant wookiee , but lando stop they . lando stop ! I have do all I can . I be sorry I could not do better , but I have my own problem . han yeah , you be a real hero . lando and the guard leave . han wipe the blood from he chin as leia and chewie help he up . leia ( dab at he wound ) you certainly have a way with people . int . cloud CITY - carbon -freezing chamber four armor-suited stormtrooper stand at the ready in the large chamber , which be fill with pipe and chemical tank . in the middle of the room be a round pit housing a hydraulic platform . darth vader and lando stand near the platform . vader this facility be crude , but it should be adequate to freeze skywalker for he journey to the Emperor . a Imperial soldier appear . imperial soldier Lord vader , ship approach . x-w class . vader good . monitor skywalker and allow he to land . the soldier bow and leave the chamber . lando Lord vader , we only use this facility for carbon freezing . if you put he in there , it might kill he . vader I do not want the Emperor 's prize damage . we will test it ... on Captain solo . lando 's face register dismay . ext . space - bespin system - luke's x- wing luke 's x-w move through the cloud as it near the city . int . luke's x- wing - cockpit encounter no city guard , luke scan the display panel with concern . int . cloud CITY - carbon -freezing chamber there be a great activity on the carbon - freezing platform . six ugnaught frantically prepare the chamber for use . a special coffinlike container be put in place . with boba fett in the lead , a squad of six stormtrooper bring in han , leia and chewie . strapped to chewie 's back , with only he head , torso , and one arm assemble , be threepio . threepio 's head face the opposite direction from chewie 's and the droid be constantly twist around in a vain effort to see what be happen . his one attach arm be animate and expressive , intermittently point , gesture , and cover he eye . the remain piece of he body be randomly bundle to the wookiee 's back so that he leg and other arm stick out at odd angle from the pack . threepio if only you have attach my leg , I would not be in this ridiculous position . now , remember , chewbacca , you have a responsibility to I , so do not do anything foolish . han ( to lando ) what 's go on ... buddy ? lando you be be put into carbon freeze . boba fett move away from the group to darth vader . boba fett what if he do not survive ? he 's worth a lot to I . vader the Empire will compensate you if he die . put he in ! realizing what be about to happen , chewie let out a wild howl and attack the stormtrooper surround han . within second , other Imperial reinforcement join the scuffle , clubbing the giant wookiee with they laser weapon . from the instant of chewie 's first move , threepio begin to scream in panic while he try to protect himself with he one arm . threepio oh , no ! no , no , no ! stop , chewbacca , stop ...! the stormtrooper be about to bash chewie in the face . han stop , chewie , stop ! do you hear I ? stop ! threepio yes , stop , please ! I be not ready to die . han break away from he captor . vader nod to the guard to let he go and the pirate break up the fight . han chewie ! chewie , this will not help I . hey ! han give the wookiee a stern look . han save you strength . there will be another time . the princess - you have to take care of she . you hear I ? han wink at the wookiee , who wail a doleful farewell . in a flash the guard have slip binder on chewbacca , who be too distraught to protest . han turn to princess leia . they look sorrowfully at one another , then han move toward she and give she a final , passionate kiss . leia I love you ! han I know . tear roll down leia 's face as she watch the dash pirate walk to the hydraulic platform . han look one final time at he friend - and then , suddenly , the platform drop . chewie howl . leia turn away in agony . lando wince in sorrow ; it make a life-changing impression on he . instantly , fiery liquid begin to pour down in a shower of spark and fluid as great as any steel furnace . holding leia , chewie half - turn away from the sight , give threepio a view of the procedure . threepio what ... what 's go on ? turn round , chewbacca , I can not see . oh ... they have encase he in carbonite . he should be quite well - protect - if he survive the freezing process , that be . chewie be in no mood for technical discussion ; he give the droid a angry glance and bark . a huge mechanical tong lift the steaming metal - encase space pirate out of the vat and stand he on the platform . some ugnaught rush over and push the block over onto the platform . they slide the coffinlike structure to the block and lift the metal block , place it inside . they then attach a electronic box onto the structure and step away . lando kneel and adjust some knob , measure the heat . he shake he head in relief . vader well , calrissian , do he survive ? lando yes , he 's alive . and in perfect hibernation . vader turn to boba fett . vader he 's all yours bounty hunter . reset the chamber for skywalker . imperial officer skywalker have just land , my lord . vader good . see to it that he find he way here . calrissian , take the princess and the wookiee to my ship . lando you say they would be leave in the city under my supervision . vader I be alter the deal . pray I do not alter it any further . lando 's hand instinctively go to he throat as he turn to leia , chewie , and threepio . int . cloud CITY - corridor - day as luke and artoo move carefully down a desert corridor , they hear a group of people come down a side hallway . artoo let out a excited series of beep and whistle . luke glare at the tiny droid , who stop in he track with a feeble squeak . boba fett enter from a side hallway follow by two guard push the float , encase body of han solo . two stormtrooper , who follow , immediately spot luke and open fire on he . the youth draw he weapon and blast the two trooper before they can get off a second shot . the two guard whisk han into another hallway as fett lower he arm and fire a deadly laser at luke , which explode to one side and tear up a huge chunk of wall . luke rush to a side hallway , but by the time he reach it , fett , han , and the guard be go . a think metal door block the passage . luke turn to see leia , chewie , threepio , and lando be herde down a second hallway by several other stormtrooper . leia turn just in time to see luke . leia luke ! luke , do not - it 's a trap ! it 's a trap ! before she can finish , she be pull through a doorway and disappear from sight . luke race after the group , leave little artoo trail behind . int . cloud CITY - anteroom luke run into a anteroom and stop to get he bearing . leia and the other be nowhere to be see . behind luke , artoo scoot down the corridor toward the anteroom when suddenly a giant metal door come slamm down , cut off luke 's exit . several more door clang shut , echoing through the chamber . int . cloud CITY - hallway leading to anteroom artoo stand with he nose press against the giant metal door . he whistle a long sigh of relief and , a little daze , wander off in the other direction . int . cloud CITY - carbon -freezing chamber - anteroom luke cautiously walk forward among hiss pipe and steam . see a open above he , he stop to look up . as he do , the platform he stand on begin to move . int . cloud CITY - carbon -freezing chamber luke rise into the chamber , borne by the platform . the room be deathly quiet . very little steam escape the pipe and no one else seem to be in the large room . warily , luke walk toward the stairway . steam begin to build up in the chamber . look up through the steam , luke see a dark figure stand on a walkway above he . luke holster he gun and move up the stair to face vader . he feel confident , eager to engage he enemy . vader the Force be with you , young skywalker . but you be not a jedi yet . luke ignites he sword in answer . in a instant , vader 's own sword be light . luke lunge , but vader repel the blow . again luke attack , and the sword of the two combatant clash in battle . int . cloud CITY - corridor leia , lando , and chewie , with threepio on he back , march along , guard by six stormtrooper . the group reach a intersection where lobot and a dozen of lando 's guard stand at attention . the guard immediately aim they weapon at the startle stormtrooper . take the stormtrooper ' weapon from they , lobot hand one to leia and one to lando . lando well do . hold they in the security tower - and keep it quiet . move . as lando 's guard quickly march the stormtrooper away , lando begin to undo chewie 's bind . leia what do you think you be do ? lando we be get out of here . threepio I know all along it have to be a mistake . chewie turn on lando and start to choke he . leia do you think that after what you do to han we be go to trust you ? lando try to free himself from chewie . lando ( choke ) I have no choice ... chewie bark ferociously . threepio ( to chewie ) what be you do ? trust he , trust he ! leia oh , so we understand , do not we , chewie ? he have no choice . lando I be just try to help ... leia we do not need any of you help . lando ( choke ) h-a-a-a ... leia what ? threepio it sound like han . lando there 's still a chance to save han ... I mean , at the East platform ... leia chewie . chewie finally release lando , who fight to get he breath back . threepio ( to lando ) I be terribly sorry about all this . after all , he 's only a wookiee . ext . cloud CITY - east landing platform - boba fett ship the two guard slide han 's encase body into a open in the side of the bounty hunter 's ship . boba fett climb aboard on a ladder next to the cargo hold . boba fett put Captain solo in the cargo hold . and with that , the door slam shut . int . cloud CITY - corridor lando , leia , and chewie run down a cloud City corridor when suddenly they spot artoo who rush toward they , beep wildly . threepio artoo ! artoo ! where have you be ? chewie turn around to see the stubby droid , cause threepio to be spun out of sight of he friend . threepio turn around , you wooly ...! ( to artoo ) hurry , hurry ! we be try to save han from the bounty hunter ! whistle frantically to threepio , artoo scoot along with the racing group . threepio well , at least you still in one piece ! look what happen to I ! ext . east landing platform - side BAY a elevator door slide open and lando , leia , and chewbacca race for a large bay overlook the East landing platform . just as they arrive , boba fett 's ship take off against a cloudy sunset sky . in wild anguish , chewie howl and start fire at the ship . threepio oh , no ! chewie , they be behind you ! a laser bolt explode near the princess . everyone turn to see what threepio have already spot come from the other direction ; a squad of stormtrooper run toward they . artoo peek out from the elevator . leia and chewbacca start fire at the trooper as lando make a break for the elevator . laser bolt continue to explode around the princess and the wookiee , but they refuse to budge . lando stick he head out of the elevator and motion for the pair to run , but they barely notice . they seem possess , transport , as all the frustration of captivity and anger of loss pour through they death -deal weapon . but after a few moment , they begin to move through the rain of laser fire toward the elevator . once they be inside , the door slam shut and the stormtrooper race forward . int . cloud CITY - carbon -freezing chamber luke and vader be lock in combat on the platform overlook the chamber . they sword clash , the platform sway . luke aggressively drive vader back , force vader to use defensive tactic . vader you have learn much , young one . luke you will find I be full of surprise . vader make two quick move , hook luke 's sword out of he hand and send it fly . another lightning move at luke 's foot force the youth to jump back to protect himself . lose he balance , luke roll down the stair to the circular carbon - freezing platform . there he sprawl on the floor , surprised and shake . just in time he look up to see vader , like a giant black bird , fly right at he . luke roll away as vader land . crouch , luke keep he gaze steadily on he enemy . vader you destiny lie with I , skywalker . obi-wan know this to be true . luke no ! behind luke the hydraulic elevator cover have open noiselessly . all the while , luke slowly , cautiously move back , away from the Dark Lord . suddenly , vader attack so forcefully that luke lose he balance and fall back into the open . there be a rumble , and in a instant freezing steam rise to obscure vader 's vision . vader turn aside and deactivate he sword . vader all to easy . perhaps you be not as strong as the Emperor think . through the steam behind vader something blur upward . liquid metal begin to pour into the pit . vader turn around - and then look up . he see luke , who have leap fifteen foot straight up and who now hang from some hose on the carbonite outlet . vader impressive ... most impressive . luke jump down to the platform where he be separate from vader by the steaming carbonite pit . he raise he hand . his sword , which have fall on another part of the platform , swiftly jump into he outstretch hand and be instantly ignite . vader immediately light he sword as well . vader obi-wan have teach you well . you have control you fear ... now release you anger . luke be more cautious , control he anger . he begin to retreat as vader goad he on . as luke take a defensive position , he realize he have be foolhardy . a quick sword exchange and luke force vader back . another exchange and vader retreat . luke press forward . vader only you hatred can destroy I . breathe hard , luke jump in the air , turn a somersault over vader . he land on the floor and slashes at vader as the room continue to fill up with steam . vader retreat before luke 's skillful sword . vader block the sword , but loose he balance and fall into the outer rim of pipe . the energy luke have use to stop vader have bring he to the point of collapse . luke move to the edge and look down , but see no sign of vader . he then deactivate he sword , hook it on he belt , and lower himself into the pit . int . cloud CITY - tunnel and reactor control room move through a tunnellike entrance , luke cautiously approach the reactor room . he ignites he sword and move into the room and toward a large window as vader enter . luke raise he sword and move forward to attack . behind luke a large piece of machinery detach itself from the wall and come smash forward toward he back . luke turn and cut it in half just as another machine come hurtle at he . use the Force , luke manage to deflect it and send it fly as if it have hit a invisible shield . a large pipe detach and come fly at luke . he deflect it . spark wire pull out of the wall and begin to whip at the youth . small tool and equipment come fly at he . bombardment from all side , luke do he best to deflect everything , but soon he be bloody and bruise . finally , one machine glance off he and go fly out the large window . a fierce wind blow into the room , unmove , stand the dark , rocklike figure of vader . a piece of machinery hit luke and he be knock out of the window . int . gantry - outside control room - reactor shaft luke fall onto the gantry , roll , and hang over the edge , hold he deactivate sword in hand . he put the sword on he belt and begin to scramble up . int . cloud CITY - corridor leading to landing platform leia , lando , chewie and the droid come round a corner and head for the door to the landing platform . they glimpse the millennium falcon for a moment before the door slam shut . the group duck into a alcove as stormtrooper arrive at the end of the corridor . the trooper send a rain of laser bolt at the group . chewie return they fire as lando punch desperately at the door 's control panel . lando the security code have be change ! threepio artoo , you can tell the computer to override the security system . threepio point to a computer socket on the control panel . artoo beep and scoot toward it . lando meanwhile have connect up to the panel 's intercom . lando attention ! this be lando calrissian . the Empire have take control of the city . I advise everyone to leave before more Imperial troops arrive . artoo take off a computer cover and stick he computer arm into the socket . suddenly , a short beep turn into a wild scream . artoo 's circuit light up , he head spin wildly , and smoke begin to seep out underneath he . quickly , chewie pull he away . lando this way . lando , leia , artoo , and chewie flee down the corridor . as he scoot along with they , artoo send some angry beep threepio 's way . threepio do not blame I . I be a interpreter . I be not suppose to know a power socket from a computer terminal . int . cloud CITY - corridor in a panic , cloud City resident be try to get out of the city . some carry box , other package . they run , then change direction . some be shoot at stormtrooper , other simply try to hide . other stormtrooper pursue lando , leia , and chewie who be fire back at they . artoo work on another door to the landing platform while threepio berate he for he seem ineptitude . threepio what be you talk about ? we be not interested in the hyperdrive on the millennium falcon . it 's fix ! just open the door , you stupid lump . chewie , leia , and lando retreat along the corridor . a triumphant beep from artoo - and the door snap open . threepio ( to artoo ) I never doubted you for a second . wonderful ! artoo lay a cloud fog , obscure everything , as the group dash outside . ext . landing platform - cloud CITY - dusk they race for the millennium falcon as a battalion of stormtrooper reach the main door . lando and leia hold off the troops as the droid get on board with chewie . as chewie bound to the ship the threepio on he back , threepio hit he head on the top of the ramp . threepio ouch ! oh ! ah ! that hurt . Bend down , you thoughtless ... ow ! chewie start up the ship . the giant engine begin to whine as lando and leia race up the ramp under a hail of laser fire . lando leia ! go! int . millennium falcon - corridor artoo drag the partially assemble threepio down the corridor of the falcon . threepio I think that hairy beast would be the end of I . of course , I have look better . artoo beep understandingly . int . millennium falcon - cockpit chewie work the control as leia sit in han 's seat and lando watch over they shoulder . as chewie pull back on the throttle , the ship begin to move . ext . cloud CITY - landing platform - dusk the millennium falcon lift gracefully into the twilight sky and roar away from the city . troops fire after it and tie fighter take off in pursuit . int . gantry - outside control room - reactor shaft luke move along the railing and up to the control room . vader lunge at he and luke immediately raise he light sword to meet vader 's . spark fly as they duel , vader gradually force luke backward toward the gantry . vader you be beat . it be useless to resist . do not let yourself be destroy as obi-wan do . luke answer by roll sideways and thrust he sword at vader so viciously that he nick vader on the shoulder . the black armor spark and smoke and vader seem to be hurt , but immediately recover . luke back off along the narrow end of the gantry as vader come at he , slashing at the young jedi with he sword . luke make a quick move around the instrument complex attach to the end of the gantry . vader 's sword come slashing down , cut the complex loose ; it begin to fall , then be catch by the rise wind and blow upward . luke glance at the instrument complex float away . at that instant , vader 's sword come down across luke 's right forearm , cut off he hand and send he sword fly . in great pain , luke squeeze he forearm under he leave armpit and move back along the gantry to its extreme end . vader follow . the wind subside . luke hold on . there be nowhere else to go . vader there be no escape . do not make I destroy you . you do not yet realize you importance . you have only begin to discover you power . join I and I will complete you training . with we combine strength , we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy . luke I will never join you ! vader if you only know the power of the dark side . obi-wan never tell you what happen to you father . luke he tell I enough ! it be you who kill he . vader no . I be you father . shock , luke look at vader in utter disbelief . luke no. no . that 's not true ! that 's impossible ! vader search you feeling . you know it to be true . luke no! no ! no ! vader luke . you can destroy the Emperor . he have foreseen this . it be you destiny . join I , and together we can rule the galaxy as father and son . come with I . it be the only way . vader put away he sword and hold he hand out to luke . a calm come over luke , and he make a decision . in the next instant he step off the gantry platform into space . the Dark Lord look over the platform and see luke fall far below . the wind begin to blow at vader 's cape and the torrent finally force he back , away from the edge . the wind soon fade and the wounded jedi begin to drop fast , unable to grab onto anything to break he fall . int . reactor shaft suddenly luke be suck into a exhaust pipe in the side of the shaft . when vader see this , he turn and hurry off the platform . int . exhaust pipe luke tumble through the exhaust pipe . he slide to the end of the slickly polished pipe and stop as he foot hit a circular grill and knock it open . luke claw at the surface of the pipe , try to keep from slide out into space . ext . bottom of cloud CITY - weather vane - dusk unable to hang onto the pipe , luke tumble out , emerge at the undermost part of cloud City . reaching out desperately , he manage to grab onto on electronic weather vane . luke Ben ... Ben , please ! luke try to pull himself up on the weather vane but slip back down . he hook one of he leg around the fragile instrument . all the while , a powerful current of air rush out at he from the exhaust pipe . luke ben. leia ! there be a ominous crack sound from the base of the weather vane and a piece break off , fall into the cloud far below . luke hear I ! leia ! int . millennium falcon - cockpit leia seem to be lose in a fog , she expression troubled . chewie be busy operate the ship . lando stand next to the wookiee , watch a readout on the control panel . leia luke ... we have get to go back . chewie growl in surprise . lando what ? leia I know where luke be . lando but what about that fighter ? chewie bark in agreement with lando . leia chewie , just do it . lando but what about vader ? chewie turn on lando , the newcomer , with a ominous growl . lando all right , all right , all right . ext . cloud CITY - millennium falcon - dusk the falcon make a graceful banking turn back toward cloud City . ext . cloud CITY - landing platform vader enter the landing platform and watch as the speck that be the falcon disappear . the wind blow at he cape . he turn to two aide who be stand near the entrance to the landing platform . vader bring my shuttle . ext . bottom of cloud CITY - weather vane nearly unconscious , luke hang upside - down on the weather vane as he body shift in the wind . ext . millennium falcon - bottom of cloud CITY the falcon dive to the underside of the float city . Three tie fighter close in on the starship . int . millennium falcon leia try to remain calm . lando ( point out the cockpit window ) look , someone 's up there . leia it 's luke . chewie , slow down . slow down and we will get under he . lando , open the top hatch . lando rush out of the cockpit . ext . bottom of cloud CITY - weather vane luke hang by one arm from the crossbar of the weather vane . he slip from the bar and grab onto the pole of the vane as the falcon bank toward he . the falcon position itself under luke as lando move up through the open of the hatch . luke begin to slide and finally fall from the vane into space . int . millennium falcon - cockpit out the cockpit window , leia see luke fall from the bottom of the city . the ship gain on he . leia okay . easy , chewie . the falcon close in on luke . ext . bottom of cloud CITY Three tie fighter race toward the falcon , fire away . int . millennium falcon - hatch the hatch pop open with a hiss of pressure . lando reach out to help the batter warrior inside the ship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit flak burst all around it as the falcon bank away from the city . leia and chewie struggle with the control . leia ( into intercom ) lando ? lando ( over intercom ) okay , let 's go . ext . bottom of cloud CITY the falcon race away . it be closely follow by three tie fighter , all of which keep up a heavy laser assault on the flee starship . int . millennium falcon - cockpit explosion erupt all around the cockpit , buffete the ship wildly . chewie howl as he frantically try to control the ship . leia and chewie turn to see luke , bloody and batter , enter the cockpit support by lando . leia jump up and hug he while chewie bark in joyous relief . luke oh , leia . lando all right , chewie . let 's go . leia help luke from the cockpit as another huge blast rock the ship . ext . space - cloud CITY - day the falcon , still follow by the three tie fighter , race away from the cloud-cover city . int . millennium falcon - sleeping quarter luke rest on a cot , he injure arm wrap in a protective cuff . leia gently wipe he face . the ship lurch again . leia I will be back . she kiss he , then leave the quarter . int . millennium falcon - cockpit all over the ship mute alarm buzzer sound . lando anxiously watch the flash light on the control panel and hurriedly adjust some switch . seat next to he , chewie point out a new blip appear on the panel . leia , watch over they shoulder , recognize the shape . leia Star destroyer . lando all right , chewie . ready for light -speed . leia if you people fix the hyperdrive . another explosion rock the ship . leia notice as a green light on the panel next to she flash on . leia all the coordinate be set . it 's now or never . chewie bark in agreement . lando punch it ! the wookiee shrug and pull back on the light - speed throttle . the sound of the ion engine change ... it be wind up . face be tense , expectant . but nothing happen , and the engine go off . chewie let out a frustrated howl . the flak still violently rock the ship . lando they tell I they fix it . I trust they to fix it . it 's not my fault ! chewie get up from he chair and start out of the cockpit . he give lando and angry shove as he storm past he . ext . space in the distance the tie fighter continue they chase , still shoot laser . vader 's Star destroyer move behind they , determinedly follow the falcon . int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge vader stand on the bridge look out the window as Admiral piett approach he . piett they will be in range of we tractor beam in moment , my lord . vader do you man deactivate the hyperdrive on the millennium falcon ? piett yes , my lord . vader good . prepare the board party and set you weapon for stun . piett yes , my lord . int . millennium falcon beep while he work , artoo be busy connect some wire to threepio who now have one leg attach . chewie enter through the doorway , grunt to himself . threepio noisy brute . why do not we just go into light - speed ? artoo beep in response . threepio we can not ? how would you know the hyperdrive be deactivate ? artoo whistle knowingly . threepio the city 's central computer tell you ? artoo - detoo , you know better than to trust a strange computer . ouch ! pay attention to what you be do ! chewie be in the pit . he be try to loosen something with a enormous wrench . frustrate , he use the wrench like a club and hit the panel ... int . millennium falcon - cockpit leia and lando , seat in front of the control panel , be suddenly spray by a shower of spark . int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge vader stand on the bridge , watch as the millennium falcon be chase by the tie fighter . as he destroyer draw nearer , vader 's breathe get slightly faster . vader luke . int . millennium falcon - sleeping quarter luke realize that vader 's ship be very near . he feel resign to he fate . he sense that he be beat , more emotionally than physically . luke Father . int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge vader Son , come with I . int . millennium falcon - sleeping quarter luke ( moan ) Ben , why do not you tell I ? int . millennium falcon - cockpit lando and leia be at the control of the falcon . meanwhile , in the ship 's hold , chewie continue to work frantically on the hyperdrive mechanism . lando ( into intercom ) chewie ! ext . space the falcon race through space follow very closely by the tie fighter and the huge Imperial Star destroyer . int . millennium falcon - cockpit luke enter the cockpit and look out the window . he be almost unconscious with pain and depression . luke it 's vader . int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge vader luke ... it be you destiny . int . millennium falcon - cockpit luke Ben , why do not you tell I ? int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge piett alert all command . ready for the tractor beam . int . millennium falcon - hold artoo race to a control panel and start work on a circuit board . furious , threepio stand on one leg , yell . threepio artoo , come back at once ! you have not finish with I yet ! you do not know how to fix the hyperdrive . chewbacca can do it . I be stand here in piece , and you be have delusion of grandeur ! artoo move a circuit on a control panel . suddenly , the control panel light up . int . millennium falcon - cockpit leia and lando be throw into they seat as the millennium falcon unexpectedly shoot into hyperspace . int . millennium falcon - hold the ship tilt up and artoo topple into the pit on top of chewie . threepio oh , you do it ! ext . space the falcon soar into infinity and away from the huge Star destroyer which seem , by contrast , to stand still . int . vader' STAR destroyer - bridge Admiral piett and another captain glance at vader in terror . vader turn slowly and walk off the bridge , he hand hold behind he back in a contemplative gesture . ext . space - rebel cruiser the millennium falcon be attach to a huge rebel cruiser by a docking tube . rebel fighter move about the giant cruiser , and a rebel transport ship hover near the fleet . int . millennium falcon - cockpit lando sit in the pilot 's seat as he talk into the comlink . chewie busily throw a variety of switch in preparation for takeoff . lando ( into comlink ) luke , we be ready for takeoff . luke ( over comlink ) good luck , lando lando ( into comlink ) when we find jabba the Hut and that bounty hunter , we will contact you . int . STAR cruiser - medical CENTER luke speak into the comlink as a medical droid work on he hand . leia stand near he while threepio and artoo look out the window . luke ( into comlink ) I will meet you at the rendezvous point on tatooine . int . millennium falcon - cockpit lando ( into comlink ) princess , we will find han . I promise . int . STAR cruiser - medical CENTER luke ( into comlink ) chewie , I will be wait for you signal . chewie 's wail come over the comlink . luke ( into comlink ) take care , you two . May the Force be with you . luke look down at he hand . a metalize type of bandage have be wrap around he wrist . the medical droid make some adjustment in a tiny electronic unit , then prick each one of luke 's finger . luke ow ! luke wriggle he finger , make a fist , and relax it . his hand be completely functional . he get up and walk over to leia . there be a new bond between they , a new understanding . leia be think about han ; luke be think about he uncertain and newly complicated future . together they stand at the large window of the medical center look out on the rebel Star cruiser and a dense , luminous galaxy swirl in space . luke put he arm around leia . the droid stand next to they , and threepio move closer to artoo put he arm on he . the group watch as the millennium falcon move into view , make a turn , and zoom away into space . ext . space - rebel STAR cruiser while luke , leia , and the droid stand , look out the window of the star cruiser , two escort fighter join the large ship . slowly , the cruiser turn and move away into space . dissolve to ext . galaxy - space end credit fade in and out over background the end