STAR war : the force awaken written by lawrence kasdan , j.j. abram &amp ; Michael arndt base on character create by George Lucas a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away ... STAR war episode VII the force awaken luke skywalker have vanish . in he absence , the sinister first order have rise from the ash of the Empire and will not rest until skywalker , the last jedi , have be destroy . with the support of the republic , General leia organa lead a brave resistance . she be desperate to find she brother luke and gain he help in restore peace and justice to the galaxy . leia have send she most dare pilot on a secret mission to jakku , where a old ally have discover a clue to luke 's whereabouts .... pan across the star field to a bright moon . a rumbling be felt . a vast STAR destroyer -- unlike any we have see -- hurtle past US , of seemingly endless length , eclipsing the moon . after a long beat , four transport ship fly from a hangar . we hold on they now , as they fly off toward a distant planet . jakku . music build and we ... CUT to black . a growing roar of mean engine -- gnarled radio call , the shuddering of a ship 's hull . then flash of light : for a instant we see a stormtrooper -- then blackness . then another stormtrooper , then it 's go . the flickering continue until the light be constant . we be in : int . troop transport vehicle - night twenty stormtrooper . holding on at attention , move to the ship 's rhythm , in the tense moment before a raid . a filter command and they lock and load they heavy blaster rifle . the brutal noise be replace by sudden , shocking quiet : ext . jakku village - night wide shot of a small , peaceful village . distant sound of native animal . a single wind chime . suddenly a droid rise into frame , close : round and skittery , orange and white , this be bb - 8 . focus on something past camera . he beeps -- fast , morse code - like sound , clearly worried . move even closer to camera -- be more worried -- beeps more -- then turn and roll off fast -- int . large hut - night close on a hand : a small leather sack be place in the palm . the hand close . another older hand cover it . in a primitive hut , a old explorer , lor san tekka , ( rugge , kind ) have hand the mysterious sack to poe dameron ( 32 , in a pilot 's jacket ) . poe have charisma , a natural spark : lor san tekka this will begin to make thing right . I have travel too far , and see too much , to ignore the despair in the galaxy . without the jedi , there can be no balance in the Force . poe well , because of you now we have a chance . the General 's be after this for a long time . lor san tekka " the General . " to I , she 's royalty . well , she certainly be that . poe bb-8 enter frantic , beeps . concerned , poe turn to lor San tekka . poe ( cont 'd ) we have get company . ext . large hut - night the man exit fast . poe move to camera , raise quadnoculars . poe' Pov : light on the horizon -- approach enemy ship . poe lower the quadnocs -- push in on he unnerved eye . a growing , frightening thunder . poe you have to hide . lor san tekka you have to leave . go ! poe turn to he . conflict . finally nod , hurry off . bb - 8 follow . ext . jakku village - night track fast with poe as he and bb - 8 hurry through the village , various armed villager take position , prepare to defend . ext . jakku village - night a roar of wind and dust : the transport land . stormtrooper come out firing blaster -- the villager FIRE back -- many be hit ! ext . rise adjacent to village - night poe run to a x- wing fighter , park at a distance from the village , hide behind a rock outcropping . poe come on , bb - 8 ! hurry ! poe send bb - 8 into the droid socket / co-pilot seat -- he move to the cockpit -- the control come to life . as the canopy close , poe shoot a quick look back : the enemy arrive in the distance . poe urgently work the control -- bb-8 beeps . the x-wing landing light come on , engine whine to life ! but just then : poe 's ship be suddenly hit by blasterfire ! poe turn to look : two stormtrooper charge he way , firing ! poe ( cont 'd ) I see them ! bb-8 beeps nervously as poe grab he control and fire at they , use the x-w 's drop-down antipersonnel blaster ! the two trooper be blown away in the large blast hit ! poe try to start the ship now , but the engine sputter . concerned , he open he canopy , jump down , move to the back of he ship : bad damage on the rear engine panel . they be in trouble . ext . jakku village - night lor San tekka move sadly through the village as stormtrooper wield flame thrower destroy structure . surrender villager be rounded up . penn animal panic . ext . rise adjacent to the village - night back at the x-w , poe kneel beneath he ship , pull from the leather sack a SMALL , old artifact which he insert into bb - 8 -- the droid 's multi - reader envelop it . poe you take this . it 's safer with you than it be with I . you get as far away from here as you can . do you hear I ? ( bb-8 beeps , hesitates ) I will come back for you ! it will be alright . bb - 8 watch poe run off . beep -whine nervously , then turn and head off . turn back once to look at poe , then roll away . poe use he blaster rifle to fire at income trooper from cover . ext . jakku village - night the trooper and villager in battle -- as one trooper be hit and go down . another -- our trooper -- kneel to help . the hit trooper raise a tear , bloody glove -- he human hand visible -- and mark our stormtrooper's mask with blood just before he die . we trooper , stand -- overwhelm by the battle . a imposing shuttle craft -- vertical wingspan 90 feet tall -- land near the transport vehicle . the shuttle craft door open -- through the wind and smoke , kylo ren exit the ship : a tall , dark figure , he stride through the chaos toward San tekka . a senior trooper move to we blood - mark trooper , and order he : senior trooper stay here . we trooper nod . kylo ren stop before the outrage lor San tekka , dwarf he . only now do it become apparent that kylo ren wear a dark mask , mark by battle . inset metal line reflect FIRE . kylo ren look how old you have become . lor san tekka something far worse have happen to you . we blood - mark trooper be place in line with other stormtrooper . kylo ren you know what I have come for . ( continued ) continued : lor san tekka I know where you come from . before you call yourself kylo ren . kylo ren the map to skywalker . we know you have find it , and now you be go to give it to the first order . adjacent to the village , poe enter frame -- see the ren / San tekka exchange continue . lor san tekka the first order rise from the dark side ... you do not . kylo ren I will show you the dark side . lor san tekka you may try , but you can not deny the truth that be you family . suddenly kylo ren raise he lightsaber -- ignite it -- perpendicular smaller blade at the hilt , a unique buzz -- yellow / red ENERGY , spitting SPARKS and smoke -- kylo ren you be so right . and as he rip it down across san tekka ! poe , running , sees this and yell , aim he blaster and fire at kylo ren ! instantly : kylo ren raise he hand -- poe' blast freeze -- the bolt of ENERGY straining and vibrate in mid AIR ! kylo ren see poe , who suddenly cannot move , but strain to . he be grab by stormtrooper who drag he past the vibrate , frozen blast , to kylo ren . a stormtrooper begin a brutal PAT down . kylo ren move closer . poe just glare . the stormtrooper kick out poe 's leg -- he land hard on he knee . kylo ren kneel to look at poe . poe so who talk first ? you talk first ? kylo ren the old man give it to you . poe ( indicate kylo be mask ) it 's just very hard to understand you with all the ... ( continued ) continued : kylo ren ( to troopers ) search he . poe ... apparatus . the trooper roughly pull poe away . a stormtrooper begin a brutal PAT down . kylo ren move closer . poe just glare as the pat down end . stormtrooper # 1 nothing , sir . kylo ren put he on board . kylo ren regards the stormtrooper with the round up villager , then turn to the chrome - skinned , female black - cape head stormtrooper , captain phasma . captain phasma Sir , the villager . kylo ren kill they all . phasma nod , step forward : captain phasma on my command ! the trooper , include our , aim at the villager . captain phasma ( cont 'd ) Fire ! poe be roughly pulled into a transport ship , the ramp lift . all around we trooper blasterfire erupt -- but we be wide enough to see he isn't firing . push in until the firing stop . all the stormtrooper spread out to search -- except ours . kylo ren head back toward he ship . but then he stop . feel something . turn and look at our stormtrooper for a long moment . we trooper can barely meet he gaze ; know he 's doom . kylo ren then head off -- pass the frozen blast , which , after a beat , goe free and slam into a nearby structure , scare the hell out of we stormtrooper . ext . edge of jakku village - night a stormtrooper climb down from the cockpit of poe 's X -wing , back away : ( continued ) continued : stormtrooper # 2 nothing here . go ahead ! Three other stormtrooper FIRE laser cannon at the x-w -- destroy the ship in a large explosion . ext . outskirt of jakku village - night bb - 8 roll across the sand , look back : the x-w fireball . bb - 8 , afraid , continue on he own in a mysterious , dark desert . we see a form -- a animal , its red eye lifting from the sand , watch the roll droid , who just keep go . in a wide shot , we hear he beeping to himself , lonely and frighten . ext . space - night with the sandy planet of jakku as backdrop , troop transport and kylo ren 's shuttle approach a massive STAR destroyer . int . STAR destroyer hangar - night poe , shackle , be ushere from the transport through the hangar . he be awed by the impose space . poe all right . all right ! we stormtrooper pass , move fast : int . troop transport vehicle - night we stormtrooper enter the dark , vehicle . he remove he helmet . his head come up and we push in on he face for the first time . this be fn -2187 . he be 23 , likable . but in this moment , terrify , desperate . after a beat , behind he , captain phasma enter . fn-2187 know he 's in trouble . captain phasma fn -2187 . submit you blaster for inspection . fn-2187 yes , Captain . captain phasma and who give you permission to remove that helmet ? fn-2187 I be sorry , Captain . captain phasma report to my division at once . ( continued ) continued : phasma head off . shatter , fn -2187 replace he helmet . CUT to : int . junked vessel corridor - day a metal sheet be pull open to reveal the wrap up face of a scavenger , perhaps alien , in goggle , face mask and glove . backpack with a staff strapped to it . use tool to remove various mechanism from inside the wall . we be in a upside - down , cant corridor . the scavenger find a valuable piece , drop it in a satchel . swing the bag back and begin climbing down on a cable , between treacherous wall of machinery , head to : int . junked vessel - larger space - later alone and tiny in this massive , sideways wreck , the scavenger descend , climb down a two-hundred foot - long cable . land hard onto rusty metal . int . junked vessel - engine - day the scavenger carry the satchel and another large , find piece , over enormous pipe in the vast space , head through the dust toward a distant slit of sunlight . ext . junked vessel engine - day the scavenger arrive from the darkness and pull off goggle and gear , revealing the grimy face of a beautiful , young woman . this be rey , 19 . she open she canteen , shake out the two final drop into she mouth . hit the side of the canteen again and again for whatever she can get . CUT wide : rey be render minuscule , stand at the bottom of a epic engine of a decaying , crashed STAR destroyer -- distant SOUND of she canteen-hitting . she set she thing on a piece of sheet metal and sit next to it , slide down the sand dune . she ride down the mountain of sand . we hold for a long time , look down , as she recede from we , toward the distant salt flat below . random scatter debris . her speeder , tiny from here . rey move to she junker speeder , jump on , fire the sputtery engine and drive off . ext . desert - spaceship graveyard - day rey race along the desert floor : a graveyard of crashed spaceship . ext . niima outpost - day rey 's speeder pass we , head for a dusty , desert town . refueling , small trade , scavenger . ( continued ) continued : crash ! rey 's sack carry she heavy found object hit the sand . work like a tough seaman , rey haul the sack from she speeder toward the town . ext . niima outpost - cleaning table - day tight on rey' hand as she scrub clean she day 's salvage . rey glance up : she look at a old woman , also clean some salvage . rey watch she , get lose in the simple moment . a small , pass alien underling bark something to she in another language . she return to work . int . niima trading structure - day rey look up to a service window : two foot above she , behind a protective screen , be she boss , unkar plutt ( 50 , blobfish , unclean ) . he examine she piece . then he offer : unkar what you have bring I today be worth ... hmmm ... one quarter portion . though disappointed , rey barely show it . she nod thanks . unkar push through he transfer drawer a sealed packet : dried GREEN meat in one section , beige powder in another . she take it . she swallow she resentment and head off . ext . niima outpost - day the immense setting SUN against the flat terrain . rey 's speeder race , almost insignificant , across frame . int . rey' dwelling - day she scratch mark into the rusty wall . another MARK ; another day . and there be thousand of mark . a sizzling SOUND over : a dried desert flower in a rusty engine piece . a rough , stuff handmade doll , make from what look like orange Rebellion flight suit material and twine . rey 's lonely , ramshackle dwelling . everything reclaim . she cook for one . do everything for one . she open the powder , move to the makeshift wok , where the GREEN meat sizzle . pour the powder into milky water in a tin . stir it . it grow into a loaf as she put the meat on a old plate . grab the loaf . ext . rey' dwelling - dusk rey sit , eat like a starve child . every last drop . lick the metal plate . look out at the horizon . a single silent ship head off , a shimmer , thin contrail . she wipe she mouth . pick up a old , break rebellion helmet . ( continued ) continued : just ' cause . put it on , wide shot of rey sit , alone and isolate , on the leg of a ancient , fallen at - at in which she life . then , a distant electronic squeal -- instantly she 's up , helmet too big , she rip it off . hear another beeping squeal . she hurry to she quarterstaff and run off . rey climb a dune . rise with her , revealing bb - 8 , catch in a net but fight back , be hold by a teedo ( a small , brutish desert tyrant ) , who ride a luggabeast . the teedo yell at bb - 8 , who beeps madly , struggle to free himself . rey watch this injustice for a beat , finally yelling out : rey tal 'ama parqual ! the teedo and bb-8 stop , go silent , turn to she . rey ( cont 'd ) parqual zatana ! a half beat and the teedo yell something back , threaten . bb - 8's head swivel to he , then back to rey , like watch a tennis match . rey angrily move to they , pull a knife from she pouch . rey start cutting bb - 8 out of the netting . the teedo freak out , yelling . rey suddenly stand , turn to the teedo and say , fiercely : rey ( cont 'd ) noma . the teedo bark a sort of " ahhhhh ! " ( as if to say , " go to hell ! " ) , then head off on he beast . this prompt bb - 8 to start beep-yelling at the depart bully , provocatively . rey ( cont 'd ) shhhh . bb - 8 quiet instantly . the two watch the teedo head off . finally , bb-8 beeps a question . she kneel to he . rey ( cont 'd ) that 's just teedo . want you for part . he have no respect for anyone . you antenna 's bent . ( consider bb - 8 for the first time , straighten the antenna ) where do you come from ? ( bb-8 beeps ) classify . really ? I too . Big secret . ( point to horizon ) niima outpost be that way , stay off kelvin Ridge . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : rey ( cont 'd ) keep away from the sinking field in the north , you will drow in the sand . ( stand , head off ) bb - 8 start after she , beeps . she turn sharply , he stop . rey ( cont 'd ) do not follow I . town be that way . ( he beeps again ) no ! she head off again . finally he beeps to she -- something sweet this time . that he be alone , scared , have no one else . this make she stop . she turn and look at he . not like he . but a gesture of she head say , reluctantly , " come on . " bb - 8 quickly move to she . they head off together . rey ( cont 'd ) in the morning , you go . ( he beeps ) you be welcome . the two disappear behind a dune . ext . STAR destroyer - day Three tie fighter head to the massive ship high above jakku . int . STAR destroyer holding cell - day poe , shackle to a chair , beaten , wake up . kylo ren I have no idea we have the best pilot in the resistance on board . comfortable ? through batter lip : poe not really . kylo ren I be impressed . no one have be able to get out of you what you do with the map . poe might wanna rethink you technique . kylo ren say nothing , reach out to he . poe flinch in the chair as kylo ren reach for he face , not touch he . poe be soon in agony , remain in horrible silence -- kylo ren where be it ? ( continued ) continued : poe the resistance will not be intimidate by you . kylo ren where ... be it ? poe can not take it -- he begins to scream and we CUT to : int . STAR destroyer corridor - day whooosh ! the cell door slide up . kylo ren exit , fierce , confront general hux ( 34 , scary ) who await he : kylo ren it 's in a droid . a bb unit . general hux well then . if it 's on jakku , we will soon have it . kylo ren I leave that to you . ext . niima outpost - day bb - 8 be drop to the sand . rey do not give up . he still might show up . whoever it be you be wait for . classify . I know all about wait . bb-8 beeptalk a question . rey ( cont 'd ) for my family . they will be back . one day . come on . she try to force a smile , but can not , really . she head off . bb-8 beeps ... then head after she . int . niima trading structure - day rey stand with bb - 8 in front of unkar plutt , at he window . he review she goods . he glance quickly at bb - 8 . unkar this five piece be worth ... let I see here ... one half portion . rey ( object ) last week they be a half portion each . she hate he . he lean forward . ( continued ) continued : unkar what about the droid ? rey what about he ? unkar I will pay for he . bb - 8 do not like this at all . rey be awkward , but curious . unkar ( cont 'd ) sixty portion . close on her . stun . literally hungry for this amount of food , she stomach practically rumble . bb - 8 see she interest and beeps furiously , not like this conversation at all . she look at unkar . look down at bb - 8 . consider it all . finally , she hear herself say : rey actually ... the droid 's not for sale . ( to bb - 8 ) come on . unkar furious . rey , then bb - 8 , head out . recovering , unkar watch she go with dark eye . he pick up a communicator : unkar follow the girl and get that droid . he slam the service window door shut . int . STAR destroyer holding cell - day the cell door whooshes OPEN -- a stormtrooper enter . poe remain shackle , worse for wear . a trooper guard here . stormtrooper ren want the prisoner . tight on poe , in pain , drain , as the Guard unshackle he . int . STAR destroyer corridor - day a exhaust , handcuff poe be walk down the corridor by the stormtrooper , who hold a blaster at poe 's body . stormtrooper turn here . poe turn into a narrow passageway -- int . STAR destroyer narrow passageway - day head down the narrow hall the stormtrooper stop poe . ( continued ) continued : stormtrooper listen carefully : you do exactly as I say , I can get you out of here . poe ( coming to ) if -- what --? the stormtrooper pull off he helmet : it be fn-2187 . fn-2187 this be a rescue , I be help you escape . can you fly a tie fighter ? poe you with the resistance --?! fn-2187 what ? ( that's crazy ) no no no ! I be break you out . can you fly a tie fighter ? poe I can fly anything . why , why be you help I ? fn-2187 because it 's the right thing to do . poe ( it hit he ) you need a pilot . fn-2187 I need a pilot . and poe , see this be for real , smile a hero 's smile . poe we be gonna do this . fn-2187 ( unsure but hopeful ) ... yeah ? int . STAR destroyer hangar - day wide shot establishing the hangar . find fn -2187 , again mask , walk with poe . by all appearance he 's escort a prisoner . a group of officer pass in the opposite direction . fn-2187 okay , stay calm , stay calm . poe I be calm . ( continued ) continued : fn-2187 I be talk to myself . ( beat ) not yet . okay , go . this way . fn -2187 walk quickly toward the far wall -- poe follow -- up the stair to a two - man special force tie fighter -- int . tie fighter - day fn -2187 and poe ( wince , sore ) drop into the back - to- back cockpit . fn - 2187 pull off he helmet as poe remove he cuff and jacket , fire up the ship with excitement . poe I always want to fly one of this thing . can ya shoot ? fn-2187 blaster , I can ! poe okay , same principal ! use the toggle on the leave to switch between missile , cannon , and mag pulse -- use the site on the right to aim , triggers to fire ! fn-2187 this be very complicated fwoooooom ! the tie fighter lurch forward -- poe I can fix this . int . hangar six control room - day wide : see the ship struggle to rise , cable connect to it -- pull back fast to reveal we be inside the main control room . STAR destroyer technician we have a unsanction departure from bay two . whip to a first order colonel , who respond : first order colonel alert General hux and stop that fighter . int . STAR destroyer hangar - day the tie fighter lift off from the bay , rip charging cable ! stormtrooper unpack and aim megablaster . int . tie fighter - day fn -2187 open fire . int . STAR destroyer hangar - day fn-2187 tear up parked tie fighter and gun emplacement with well -aimed , strategic laser blast ! Hit the control room ! int . hangar six control room - day the window be blown in by laser blast ! int . tie fighter cockpit - day poe I get it ! ext . STAR destroyer - day the tie fighter blast from the ship -- int . tie fighter - day poe pilot -- amaze , almost enjoy it . poe woooahhh ! this thing really move . all right , we gotta take out as many cannon as we can or we be not gonna get very far ! fn-2187 all right ! poe I be gonna get we in position , just stay sharp ! ext . STAR destroyer - day the tie fighter arc back , dive through the open between the level of the massive ship , then fly down and back , along the ship 's belly -- int . tie fighter - day poe fly toward the canon -- poe up ahead ! up ahead ! you see it ? I have get we dead center . it 's a clean shot . fn-2187 okay , get it . fn - 2187 get a target , fire ! ext . STAR destroyer - day lasers blast from the tie fighter -- a series of cannon explode ! we tie fighter slice through the debris ! int . tie fighter - day fn-2187 yell in celebration : fn-2187 yes ! you see that ?! did you see that ? poe I see it ! hey , what 's you name ? fn-2187 fn-2187 ! poe react , this tell he volume about fn - 2187 's history . poe fn - whaa ? fn-2187 that 's the only name they ever give I ! poe well I be not use it ! fn , huh ? Finn . I be gonna call you Finn ! that all right ? even in the madness , Finn can not suppress he smile . finn " Finn . " yeah , " Finn " , I like that ! I like that ! poe I be poe. poe dameron . finn good to meet you , poe ! poe good to meet you too , Finn ! int . STAR destroyer MAIN bridge - day General hux look over the shoulder of lieutenant mitaka , at a console . lieutenant mitaka Sir , they have take out we turbolaser -- general hux use the ventral cannon . ( continued ) continued : lieutenant mitaka yes , sir . bring they online -- kylo ren ( o.s. ) General hux . be it the resistance pilot ? hux turn : kylo ren enter fast , loom large , angry . general hux yes , and he have help . ( vex ) from one of we own . push in on ren as hux say : general hux ( cont 'd ) we be check the register now to identify which stormtrooper it be . kylo ren ... the one from the village . fn - 2187 . hux be unnerve that ren know -- he chalk it up to ren' Force ability . kylo ren head off . lieutenant mitaka sir. ventral cannon hot . general hux Fire . ext . STAR destroyer - day massive warhead launchers spin and FIRE blast toward the tie fighter , which fly evasive maneuver -- most blast hit the debris from the turbolaser destruction . the tie fighter then pull a big turn , back toward jakku , the sandy planet where poe left bb - 8. int . tie fighter - day poe one 's come towards you . my right , you leave . do you see it ? finn hold on ! I see it ! poe Nice shot . Finn look up suddenly in alarm -- finn where be you go ? ( continued ) continued : poe we be go back to jakku . that 's where . finn no no no ! we can not go back to jakku ! we need to get outta this system ! near -miss laser blast as poe pilot aggressively . poe I get to get to my droid before the first order do ! finn what - a droid ?! poe that 's right . he 's a bb unit ! Orange and white : one of a kind . finn I do not care what color he be ! no droid can be that important ! poe this one be , pal . finn we need to get as far away from the first order as we can ! we go back to jakku , we die ! poe that droid 's get a map that lead straight to luke skywalker ! finn oh , you gotta be kid I !!! I -- suddenly bam ! they be hit ! ext . tie fighter - day the tie fighter SPARKS and smoke , spiraling out of control toward the surface of jakku ! int . STAR destroyer MAIN bridge - day Captain phasma and General hux stand before a holographic projection detail fn - 2187 's service record . captain phasma fn -2187 report to my division , be evaluate and send to recondition . general hux no prior sign of non-conformity ? ( continued ) continued : captain phasma this be he first offense . a technician check she reading , report to General hux . technician # 1 General . they have be hit . general hux destroy ? technician # 1 ( getting reading ) disabled . they be head back to jakku -- the fighter 's project to crash in the goazon badland . general hux they be go back for the droid -- send a squad to the wreckage . ext . jakku desert - day tight on finn' face : his eye OPEN . he go from unconscious to terrify , fast . he sit up , look around . CUT back wide : he sit in the middle of a epic desert , dune forever . a black chute blow in the wind behind he , scattered debris . then he see , over distant dune , rising black smoke . he get up -- move toward it , call out : finn poe ! poe ! Finn scramble over the massive dune to the tie fighter , smoking and on FIRE , small debris around it . he think he see poe' arm -- he pull on it , but it 's just poe' jacket . he throw that off and try to find a way in -- even a way to look inside , but the smoke and heat make it impossible . finn ( cont 'd ) poe !!! poe ! suddenly the ship begins to sink -- like it 's be consumed into quicksand -- Finn be slip in too -- finn ( cont 'd ) poe !!! poe !!! it become clear fast : if Finn do not get away , he 's gonna get suck in too ! so Finn scamper away from the tie fighter as it sink into the sand ! we be in the sinking field . a few moment and it's gone . Finn 's out of breath . horrify . then a giant explosion erupt from below , sending sand and debris everywhere ! Finn see this , disorient , scared , exhaust and defeat . and all alone . ext . desert - day endless dune behind he , Finn walk , remove piece of he stormtrooper gear , use poe 's flight jacket for shade . ext . desert - day exhausted , Finn continue he trek across the endless , sandy nothingness . ext . desert - day Finn , parched and lose hope , he walk to the edge of a massive dune , look out into the epic valley below . mile ahead : niima outpost . int . STAR destroyer - bridge - day General hux and kylo ren walk the length of the bridge . general hux Supreme leader snoke be explicit . capture the droid if we can , but destroy it if we must . kylo ren how capable be you soldier , General ? general hux ( with vitriol ) I will not have you question my method . kylo ren they be obviously skilled at commit high treason . perhaps leader snoke should consider use a clone army . general hux ( you son -of -a-bitch ) my man be exceptionally train -- program from birth -- kylo ren then they should have no problem retrieve the droid . unharm . general hux careful , ren . that you " personal interest " not interfere with order from leader snoke . kylo ren I want that map . for you sake , I suggest you get it . ren head off . hux hate he . ext . niima outpost - day sun-scorch and exhaust , Finn stumble out of the desert into the outpost . in a heatstroke daze he move past enormous old ship part , merchant , scavenger and tented stall . finn Water ... water ... water .. he see a water trough where a filthy , slobbering hippo-like creature ( a happabore ) drink . Finn move to it , use he hand to desperately drink the filthy water . after a couple swallow he spit it out , disgust . finn ( cont 'd ) -- awgh , gah ! but he 's parched and immediately return for more . across the marketplace , rey kneel with a emphatically beeping bb - 8. just then , two of unkar' thug approach and stop she . one clearly tell she that they be take the droid . bb - 8 react nervously as rey resist they -- one pull a sack over bb - 8 while the other grab rey 's arm -- in the tussle , rey knock over metal urn for sale -- Finn , still drink , be pushed over by the happabore . he fall to the ground , then turn to look when he hear crashing . he see , through the tent , rey fighting . he move up closer to help this young woman be accost -- but he stop when rey begin to fight back -- scrappy and feral , she kick , bite and hit . Finn be take aback as she defeat the attacker , who hit the sand , hard . Finn just watch , stunne . rey move to the cover bb - 8 -- pull the sack off of he . Finn can not believe he eye . it's poe' droid ! rey talk to bb - 8 , who , nervous now , look around and ... sees finn ! bb-8 start beeping like crazy . then something insane happen : rey look at finn . rey ( to bb - 8 ) who ? him ? Finn be confuse . rey stand , stare at Finn , defiant . Finn can feel trouble come -- and rey begin charging at he , quarterstaff in hand . realizing he 's the target , Finn begin to run -- away from she , through the tent marketplace . rey go after he -- he turn a corner -- then another -- then bam ! she 's get ahead of he and slam he to the ground with her staff ! Finn be on he back , out of breath and freak out . she hold the staff on he threateningly : rey what 's you hurry , thief ? finn what --?! thief ? bb-8 roll up fast , move to finn -- a welding arm telescope from he body and shock finn ! finn ( cont 'd ) ow ! hey ! what ?! rey the jacket ! this droid say you steal it ! finn I have have a pretty mess up day , alright ?! so I would appreciate it you stop accuse I -- ow !!! ( bb - 8 have zapped he again ) stop it ! rey where would you get it ? it belong to he master . Finn look at she -- then the agitate droid , Finn 's mind racing . he put it all together . frustrate , but sigh heavily , need to respond somehow . so he make a hard decision : to tell the truth . finn it belong to poe dameron . that be he name , right ? rey and bb - 8 react , surprised and want more . finn ( cont 'd ) he be capture ... by the first order ! I help he escape but we ship crash . ( reliving it ) poe do not make it . ( see bb - 8 be sad , roll off ) look , I try to help he . I be sorry ... bb - 8 head off to the side , depressed . rey watch bb - 8 , then consider Finn again . say , a bit impressed : rey so you be with the resistance ? ( continued ) continued : Finn 's mind race again . he make a easy decision : to lie . finn obviously . yes . I be . I be with the resistance , yeah . ( whisper ) I be with the resistance . rey lower she staff , Finn stand . rey study he : rey I have never meet a resistance fighter before . finn well , this be what we look like . some of we . other look different . rey bb - 8 say he 's on a secret mission , he have to get back to you base . finn apparently he 's carry a map that lead to luke skywalker , and everyone 's after it . she turn to he , concerned , curious . and ask : rey luke skywalker ? I think he be a myth . just then bb-8 beeps madly at something he see . rey ( cont 'd ) what be it ? rey move to he , peek around a tent corner . now Finn move to see : at a distance , two stormtrooper talking to unkar be thug -- who point there way ! Finn urgently grab she hand and head for the tent : rey ( cont 'd ) ( be : she hand ) what be you do ?! finn come on ! suddenly laser blast rip past they , hit the cleaning unit , spewing steam ! rey scream -- more blast as they run ! ext . niima outpost - day Finn and rey hold hand , the three race , zighagging through a maze of tent : ( continued ) continued : finn come on , bb - 8 ! rey let go of I ! finn no , we gotta move ! rey ( pull she hand back ) I know how to run without you hold my hand ! bb - 8 stay close ! this way ! now Finn and bb - 8 follow rey -- another blast just miss they ! they disappear through a tent . track fast with stormtrooper , through the tent maze . they come out of a tent , having momentarily lost there target . stormtrooper call in the air strike ! rey , finn and bb - 8 duck into another tent : int . niima outpost - tent - day rey , Finn and bb - 8 move through rusty ware and take cover . quiet , urgent : rey they be shoot at both of we ! finn yeah , they see you with I ! you be mark ! rey well , thanks for that ! finn I be not the one who chase you down with a stick ! do anyone have blaster around here ?! rey ( to bb - 8 ) be you okay ? Finn quiet her with a gesture , hearing something . push in on finn -- whatever he hear alarm he greatly -- he grab her hand again -- pull her away -- rey ( cont 'd ) stop take my hand ! ext . niima outpost - tent - day Finn pull rey from the tent -- bb-8 follows -- as they race from the tent a tie fighter scream into view from behind the tent ! a second follows close behind . it fire at they -- a massive blast send rey and finn flying -- bb-8 rolling ! wide shot : two tie fighter scream over the town , the explosion throw sand and debris fifty foot into the air . rey be throw hard to the ground -- she be rattle , truly afraid . then she turn : finn lie nearby , unconscious . suddenly afraid , she scramble to he , roll he over . bb - 8 roll over , beeping in concern . rey hey ! as Finn come to , he see she . through he fog : finn -- be you okay ? and that very question touch she -- have never in she life be ask it . rey yeah . ( extend she hand ) follow I . grateful , Finn take it . they be off . local run amok as tie fighter dive bomb . rey , Finn and bb - 8 sprint , blaster explosion get closer and closer ! ext . niima outpost - spaceport - day rey , staff strapped to she back , lead the way as she , Finn and bb - 8 race into the spaceport . Finn glance back : two tie fighter bank they return . they yell : finn we can not outrun they ! rey point to a park , four-engine ship ahead : rey we might in that quad-jumper ! finn we need a pilot ! rey we have get one ! ( continued ) continued : finn you ?! ( then , indicate one off -camera ) what about that ship ? rey that one 's garbage ! they run for the jumper but the pass tie fighter FIRE at it , blowing it apart in a huge flame ball ! rey , come to a quick stop , right up to camera : rey ( cont 'd ) the garbage will do ! she turn and run back -- Finn and bb - 8 follow as they all run toward the piece of junk -- and we see it for the first time : the millennium falcon ! tie fighter bank around again . Finn , rey and bb - 8 run up the ramp of the semi-tarp falcon . int . millennium falcon - day Finn , rey and bb - 8 enter the ship -- she hit a control and the door descend close as she race to the cockpit : rey gunner position 's down there ! finn ( climb down ) y'ever fly this thing ? int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day rey toss she staff aside , jump into the pilot 's seat , frantically flip switch . bb - 8 roll in behind she as the engine whine to life : rey no ! this ship have not be fly in year ! int . millennium falcon - gunner position - day Finn buckle into the gunner seat -- to he shock the seat whip to the left , startling he -- he grab the control to steady himself . finn great . ( react to seat ) whoa ! I can do this , I can do this -- int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day rey buck herself up . do not believe she quick word : ( continued ) continued : rey I can do this , I can do this -- rey pull the yoke : the falcon engine light up bright ! ext . niima outpost - spaceport - day the falcon rise , wildly -- its tarp fly off -- the ship spin and tilt , slam into and crumble the town' archway ! from the tent , unkar plutt run out , scream : unkar hey !!!! that's miiiiiiine !!! the falcon blast away , two tie fighter chase it , fast ! int . millennium falcon - day rey pilot , head for the sky ! Finn swing into frame , try to work the gun . finn whoa ! hey ! oh ! stay low ! stay low ! rey what ? finn stay low ! it confuse they tracking ! for a crazy instant rey lets go of the yoke , stretch to the co-pilot control -- the falcon cant ! rey bb - 8 , hold on ! rey finally reach the switch , return to the yoke , stabilize the ship , afraid of this next move . rey i'm go low !!! ext . desert - day behind the falcon as it dramatically bank at a upward arc , upside - down , then swoops perilously low across the sand . two tie fighter scream past we ! int . millennium falcon - day in the cylindrical corridor , bb-8 roll to the ceiling ! rey look back for a flash as the tie fighter pass -- they be rocked by a blast ! ( continued ) continued : rey what be you do back there ? be you ever gonna fire back ?! Finn flick switch -- the gun targeting light up : finn I be work on it ! be the shield up ? rey strain , reach for something in the co-pilot seat . rey not so easy without a co-pilot ! Finn struggle with the gun control and sweeping chair : finn try sit in this thing ! Finn finally fire back at the two tie fighter ! ext . desert - day Finn 's shot miss . the tie fighter arc back in pursuit and scream past US toward the falcon ! both tie firing ! int . tie fighter cockpit - day the black - suite pilot fire at the falcon . int . millennium falcon - gunner position - day the falcon be rocked by another blast ! finn we need cover , quick ! int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day rey hit switch , pilot the best she can : rey we be about to get some ! ( to herself ) I hope . ext . desert - day the falcon speed through a rock formation , grazing the rock , taking out a chunk -- the two tie fighter in pursuit , firing ! the falcon bank so hard , the edge of the ship rip a line in the sand as it turn , revealing the ship graveyard ahead . int . millennium falcon - day bb-8 extend magnetic cable to brace himself in a corridor . ( continued ) continued : Finn continue to fire at the tie fighter , narrowly miss they . finn damn it ! rey maneuver the ship deeper into the graveyard . int . millennium falcon - gunner position - day Finn swoops into frame , fire -- finn come on ... come on ... -- hit and shatter the tie fighter ! rey Nice shot ! finn I be get pretty good at this ! ext . desert - spaceship graveyard - day the tie fighter crash amid the debris , three scavenger instantly there to consume the new bounty . the falcon , pursue by the one remaining tie fighter , slalom through the massive wreckage , grazing the old ship as she go , piece fly . the tie fighter fire -- hitting the falcon's lower turret , spinning it , jamming it into forward position ! int . millennium falcon - gunner position - day alarm blare -- finn the cannon 's stick in forward position , I can not move it ! you gotta lose them ! int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day the ship be hit again -- afraid , rey 's mind race as she scan the area -- and get a idea . rey get ready ! finn okay ! for what ? ext . desert - spaceship graveyard - day rey pilot the ship up and into the rear of a crashed super STAR destroyer ! the final tie fighter follows ! int . millennium falcon - day Finn peer out the window , realize where they be : finn be we really do this ?! int . wrecked super STAR destroyer - day the two ship slalom debris inside the giant ship -- the falcon grazing one side , then the other , spitting SPARKS ! int . millennium falcon - day rey , scared , gird herself as she quickly run out of space in the wreck . rey oh no ! just as the tie pilot get a lock , rey yank the yoke -- ext . desert - spaceship graveyard - day the falcon make a hard right turn out of the destroyer . rey then cut power and flip the ship so back face front ! finn can now see the pursuing tie fighter ! he fire , destroy it ! rey gun the engine again , flip the falcon and fly away as the tie fighter crash ! finn whooo ! the falcon roar off , victorious , leave the ship graveyard and disappear into the cloud . ext . space - day the falcon roar from jakku off to space . int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day rey excitedly unbuckle she seatbelt and hurry back . int . millennium falcon - corridor - day rey race past bb - 8 , who be retracting he safety restraint . Finn , adrenalize , climb from the turret , meet rey in the corridor , the lounge in the b.g.. ( continued ) continued : rey finn good shoot ! thanks ! I -- now that be some I do not know ! -- I have fly ! how do you fly some ship but I have do that ?! no one never leave the planet ! train you ? no one ? you last shot be dead that be amazing ! on . you get he with one ( beat ) blast ! you set I up for it ! ( laugh ) ( cocky ) it be perfect ! that be pretty good . they be just stare at each other now , see something odd and weird and wonderful -- two people totally inexperienced in joy and camaraderie . bb-8 beeps something urgent -- she turn to the droid , kneel . rey ( cont 'd ) you be ok . he 's with the resistance . he 's go to get you home . we both will . ( to finn ) I do not know you name . finn Finn . what 's yours . rey I be rey . bb - 8 look at he : really ? Finn be remind : he's lied to her . she look at Finn with a sweet smile . finn rey ... but before Finn can say anything they jump : across the lounge , steam burst from under the grate . rey help I with this ! Quick ! they hurry to the grate , pull it up together . bb - 8 roll over , watch . finn whoa ! what 's go on ? she go below as bb-8 beeps concern . ext . space - day the first order Star destroyer above jakku . int . STAR destroyer bridge - day Lieutenant mitaka move to ren , who look out across the star field . mitaka swallow , uneasy with he task . ( continued ) continued : lieutenant mitaka Sir . we be unable to acquire the droid on jakku . ren turn to look at he , he say nothing . lieutenant mitaka ( cont 'd ) it escape capture aboard a steal corellian yt model freighter . kylo ren the droid ... steal a freighter ? lieutenant mitaka not exactly , sir . it have help . ren say nothing . which say everything . mitaka sweat . lieutenant mitaka ( cont 'd ) we have no confirmation , but we believe fn - 2187 may have be help in the escape -- ren ignite he lightsaber , turn and slashes at the console behind he ! hold on mitaka , who react , look away -- wince . the horrible sound of ren 's rage continue . finally mitaka look up . the metallic wall behind ren be ripped with glow scar . kylo ren anything else ? mitaka hate to say the follow , but : lieutenant mitaka the two be accompany by a girl . ren reach out -- mitaka be suddenly , violently pulled toward ren , into he black glove : kylo ren what girl ? int . millennium falcon - lounge area - day rey 's head pop up from under the grate , surround by steam . a emergency alarm blare . rey it 's the motivator ! grab I a Harris wrench -- check in there ! as he check a storage box , she disappear down below , overwhelm by the technical issue -- finn how bad be it ?! ( continued ) continued : rey if we wanna live , not good ! bb - 8 watch as Finn search a selection of tool : finn they be hunt for we now , we gotta get outta this system ! rey re-emerges , Finn hand she the wrench . rey bb - 8 say the location of the resistance base be " need to know " -- if I be take you there , I need to know ! finn ( throw a tool ) this ? she catch it and go under again , leave Finn and bb - 8 alone . he contemplate tell she the truth . this be he moment . but instead he knee to bb - 8 , say quietly , urgently : finn ( cont 'd ) you gotta tell we where the base be . ( bb-8 beeps ) I do not speak that . alright , between we , I be not with the resistance , okay ? ( bb - 8 back up ) -- I be just try to get away from the first order -- but you tell we where you base be , I will get there first -- deal ?! ( bb-8 cock he head ) droid , please . rey pop up again : rey pilex driver , hurry ! Finn move for the tool . rey ( cont 'd ) so where 's you base ? finn ( search , to bb - 8 ) go on bb - 8 , tell she . ( quietly ) please ! she and Finn look to bb - 8 -- who consider the whole situation , then beeps . ( continued ) continued : rey the ileenium system ? Finn hand she the tool , surprised but thrilled -- rey disappear below again . finn yeah , the ileenium system , that 's the one -- get we there as fast as you can . a smile Finn give bb - 8 a thumb up . bb - 8 quickly extend he welding torch and turn it upward , then retract it . rey I will drop you two at ponemah Terminal . I need the bond tape , hurry ! finn ( search for tape ) what about you ? rey I gotta get back to jakku ! finn ( lose he mind ) back to jak --?! why do everyone always wanna go back to jakku ?! ! rey no , that one ! no. no . the one I be point to ! no. no. no . if we do not patch it up , the propulsion tank will overflow and flood the ship with poisonous gas ! bb - 8 have move to Finn -- tip he head , show he the tool . he throw she the tape , she disappear below : finn this ? rey yes ! finn hey . rey . you be a pilot -- you can fly anywhere ! why go back ?! you get a family ? you get a boyfriend ? cute boyfriend ? the steam and alarm stop as rey pop up , annoyed : rey none of you business , that's why ! but then : all the ship power goe out . bb - 8 be nervous . ( continued ) continued : finn ... that can not be good . rey ( head off ) -- no it can not be -- finn follows rey to : int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day they plop into the seat , in a panic . she check the dead instrumentation panel : rey someone 's lock onto we -- all control be overrid . Finn quickly , awkwardly climb up , look out . rey ( cont 'd ) get off . get off ! see anything ? finn ... oh no . ext . space - day the millennium falcon , powerless , be a sit duck . something epic appear from above : the antenna array be the first we see of a massive freighter , its giant hangar OPEN like a huge mouth which swallows the falcon like a whale ! int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day Finn plop into he seat , horrify . finn it 's the first order . rey what do we do -- there must be something -- Finn 's mind race -- then : finn you say poisonous gas -- rey -- yeah , but I fix that -- finn can you unfix it ? rey stare at he -- and get he plan ! they head off -- int . millennium falcon - lounge area - day the gas mask hang in the lounge be grabbed . ( continued ) continued : Finn and rey , gas mask on , quickly climb into the open grate area . rey c'mon bb - 8. they help bb - 8 down , too : they both struggle like crazy , he weigh a ton . finn I get it . rey oooh ... finn I be okay . bb - 8 get off I ... under the grating Finn pull the grate over they as rey work on the control . rey you think this will work on the stormtrooper ? finn yeah . they mask filter out smoke , not toxin . light come on ! SOUND of the ship ramp lowering ! Finn pull the grating close as he say : finn ( cont 'd ) hurry ! rey I be hurry ! suddenly the falcon door open -- and han solo and chewbacca board the falcon , weapon at the ready . push in on they , ready for combat , operate silently , with hand signal only . han chewie , we be home . han give chewie a nod to check out the ship . chewie head off one way , han in another . the grate above lift off -- hand in surrender , they look up at han , who 's training he blaster on they , threaten . they be scare . han ( cont 'd ) where be the other ? where 's the pilot ? rey ... I be the pilot ... ( continued ) continued : han you ? chewie moan-talks . rey respond to he -- rey no , it 's true : we be the only one on board . finn you can understand that thing ? han and " that thing " can understand you too , so watch it . come on outta there . they climb up -- bb - 8 use he magnetic arm to quickly pull himself out . han ( cont 'd ) where would you get this ship ? rey niima outpost . han jakku ?! that junkyard ? finn thank you ! junkyard ! han ( to chewie ) told ya we should have double - check the western reaches ! ( to rey ) who have it , ducain ? rey I steal it from unkar plutt . he steal it from the Irving boy , who steal it from ducain . han who steal it from I ! well , you tell he han solo just steal back the millennium falcon for good . han walk away , take in the ship : it 's he again . do not see that rey be awed . his back to all of they , he smile . chewie respond as han head toward the cockpit . rey this be the millennium falcon ? you be han solo ? ( continued ) continued : han I use to be . finn han solo ? the Rebellion General ? rey no , the smuggler ! finn ( to chewie ) be not he a war hero ?! chewie reply : " yeah , I guess , kinda ... " rey call out : rey this be the ship that make the kessel run in fourteen parsec ...! int . millennium falcon - cockpit - same han enter the cockpit . han twelve ! fourteen . a moment of private joy . then he see something that annoys he : han ( cont 'd ) hey ! some moof - milker put a compressor on the ignition line ! han move to the corridor . int . millennium falcon - lounge area - day rey unkar plutt do . I think it be a mistake too , put too much stress on the hyperdrive -- han ( overlapping her ) -- stress on the hyperdrive -- ( who be she ? then : ) chewie , throw them in a pod , we will drop they at the nearest inhabit planet . rey wait ! no -- we need you help ! han my help ? rey this droid have to get to the resistance base as soon as possible ! ( continued ) continued : finn he 's carry a map to luke skywalker . yup : han stop in he track . finn ( cont 'd ) you be the han solo that fight with the Rebellion . you know he . the mention of luke have really hit han . he turn to Finn . han yeah , I know he . I know luke . suddenly : a distant , metallic ka -chunk ! han ( cont 'd ) do not tell I a rathtar 's get loose -- han hurry out -- they all follow , ( chewie , rey , Finn , then bb - 8 ) , Finn with wild concern : finn wait -- a what ?! do you just say rathtars ? hey ! int . cargo ship - hangar - day the falcon be park in this giant freighter 's hangar . han move to a control panel , they all follow he . finn you be not haul rathtars on this freighter , be you ? han I be haul rathtars . on the control panel : image on screen from all around the ship . include the exterior , where a transport ship be landing on the freighter . han be fearful . han ( cont 'd ) oh great . it 's the guavian death gang -- they must have track we from nantoon . han head off as : rey what 's a rathtar ? int . cargo ship - cargo container corridor - day han lead we group down a long narrow hall line with cargo container . ( continued ) continued : han they be big and dangerous ... finn y'ever hear of the trillia massacre ?! rey no . finn good . they turn a corner : han I get three of them go to King prana . finn three ?! how would you get they on board ? han I use to have a bigger crew . chewie groan -talks , concur . CUT to : looking up as a hatch open in the floor . han and CO . be there . han get below deck and stay there until I say so -- do not even think about take the falcon . rey what about bb - 8 ? han he stay with I -- until I get rid of the gang , then you can have he back and be on you way . finn what about the rathtars ... where be you keep they ? a terrifying bam : a grotesque rathtar giant tongue slam into the cargo container window behind Finn , whose heart stop . han there 's one . rey what be you gonna do ? han same thing I always do : talk my way out of it . ( chewie moan - talk ) yes , I do . every time . int . cargo ship - narrow corridor - day a portal open . the guavian death gang enter . one man in a suit ( bala - tik ) , and five security soldier in badass uniform with round -face helmet . they turn into and stop at one end of the corridor . han , chewie and bb - 8 forty foot away in the middle of the long hall . bala - tik han solo . you be a dead man . han smile innocently , friendly . bb - 8 nervously look back and forth at the gang , and han . han bala - tik . what 's the problem ? bala - tik the problem be we loan you fifty thousand for this job . intercut with : int . cargo ship - below floor grating - day they look up , try to get a view . rey can you see they ? finn no . they start crawl down the crawl space . bala - tik I hear you also borrow fifty thousand from kanjiklub . han you know you can not trust that little freak ! how long have we know each other ? rey and Finn arrive under the gang . they whisper : rey they have blaster ... finn a lot of them . we rise through the floor to see the gang and han and company in the distance . bala - tik the question be how much longer will we know each other ? not long . we want we money back now . ( continued ) continued : han ya think hunt rathtars be cheap ? I spend that money . bala - tik kanjiklub want they investment back , too . han I never make a deal with kanjiklub ! bala - tik tell that to kanjiklub . the SOUND of a portal open . han 's face goe white as he turn to the other end of the corridor , where kanjiklub member appear . a gang in a medieval bandito style . han smile uncomfortably at the kanjiklub member . its leader , tasu leech , out front . han try to play it off : han tasu leech . good to see you . tasu speak a alien language , we subtitle : tasu leech wrong again , solo . it 's over for you . tasu cock he weapon , there for blood . bb - 8 be nervous . Finn and rey react to the sound of the new gang -- start crawling back the other way to see they . han boy . you be both gonna get what I promise ! have I ever not deliver for you before ? bala - tik yeah . tasu leech twice ! han realize he 's right . han what be the second time ? bala - tik you game be old . there 's no one in the galaxy leave for you to swindle . tasu leech nowhere leave for you to hide . ( continued ) continued : bala - tik that bb unit ... the first order be look for one just like it . and two fugitive . Finn and rey suddenly stop crawling , tense . bb - 8 hide behind han 's leg . push in on han as he realize : Finn and rey be in real trouble . han first I have hear of it . below the grate , Finn and rey look at each other , afraid . above , another kanjiklubber ( razoo qin - fee ) say ( subtitled ) : razoo qin - fee search the freighter . one of the kanjiklubber begin move down the corridor , aiming a flashlight down below , search for : finn and rey , in a quiet panic below : they start crawling fast in the opposite direction they come . rey crawl off fast , Finn follow . they quickly arrive at a junction BOX area , rey look at the control . rey wait wait wait wait . if we close the blast door in that corridor , we can trap both gang ! finn Close the blast door from here ? rey resetting the fuse should do it . rey begin resetting the fuse , SPARKS shoot from they as they do . Finn quickly join in . rey and Finn finish resetting the fuse box . rey smile optimistically . Finn look hopeful too . down a empty row of large container , which OPEN -- and a giant rathtar -- a enormous , fierce and ravenous land octopus -- slither out of its cage ! back up top as bank of light begin go off , one by one . the gang look around . han 's eye go wide -- he get it -- and it 's bad . quietly : han ... I get a bad feel about this ... suddenly all the light come on again -- even down below , where rey realize it have not go as plan . rey oh no . finn oh no , what ? rey ( pale ) wrong fuse . in another corridor , back with the gang : bala - tik kill they ! and take the droid ! the gang AIM there weapon just as a rathtar appear behind the guavian death gang , grabbing two member ! the other scream and run ! the gang fire back -- blast fly ! han and chewie react , flinching -- then turn to kanjiklub as a rathtar appear behind they , roaring deafeningly ! the gang turn -- other run , FIRE at it . int . cargo ship corridor a - day han , chewie and bb - 8 race down the hall -- a member of the kanjiklub gang come around the corner . han punch he with one blow , throw he toward the rathtar . they keep steppin .... int . cargo ship - below floor grating - day rey and Finn hurriedly crawl through the space below deck . finn this be a mistake ! rey huge ! int . cargo ship corridor a - day two guavian death gang member run through the ship -- pass tasu leech , who see another kanjiklub member down the corridor -- who get grabbed by a tentacle ! tasu try to help he , but he get pulled up and away ! tasu hear a distant terror-scream of a rathtar , and run the other way . other kanjiklub member yell at he to avoid that direction -- they all turn a corner -- a rathtar be there and grab the two other ! tasu fire at the beast and run off -- and we land on a floor hatch , which open . rey and Finn climb out , quickly . they turn a corridor -- rey what do they look like ? ( continued ) continued : another corner -- and gang member be battling a horrible rathtar ! rey cover her mouth . finn they look like that . Finn yank she away . they race around another corner -- a rathtar be there ! finn ( cont 'd ) this way ! rey be you sure ? they scream and run off -- but Finn be grabbed , pulled away fast ! rey ( cont 'd ) finn ! but the rathtar 's fast and turn a corner , lose rey -- finn rey ! int . cargo ship corridor E - day tight on finn as he 's be yank down the hall , scream as he struggle to get loose ! rey turn the corner -- Finn be go -- nowhere to be see . rey finn !!!! without Finn , she be instantly distraught -- then she realize : she' just passed a control panel ! her eye light up as she move to it : a bank of video monitor of the ship -- and there 's Finn , be drag by a rathtar toward a OPEN blast door . rey 's hand on the button , she wait ... then slam the button ! int . cargo ship corridor B - day the blast door instantly close on one of the rathtar be tentacles ! it scream in pain , its severe tentacle still wrapped around finn' leg ! Finn scramble up , desperately shaking the sticky tentacle off he leg ! rey arrive , run to Finn , beam to see he alive -- he be adrenaline - rush , in shock : rey Finn ! finn it have I ! but the door --! ( continued ) continued : rey that be lucky ! another corridor - Finn and rey run towards the falcon . int . cargo ship corridor D - day han , chewie and bb - 8 take cover , han exchange blaster FIRE with gang member at the other end of the hall . han I get the door . cover we ! chewie groan-agrees . chewie fire down the hall as han cross the corridor , bb - 8 follow nervously . as chewie exchange blaster fire , han work the control . the hatch open ( falcon in the distance ) -- just as chewie be hit in the shoulder by enemy FIRE ! he go down with a loud groan ! han ( cont 'd ) chewie ! you okay ? han grab chewie' bowcaster , fire at the door control , badass ! han ( cont 'd ) ( look at bowcaster ) wow. come on ! come on ! int . cargo ship hangar - day run with Finn and rey as they turn into the hangar , toward the falcon . han help wounded chewie up the ramp , see they . rey han ! Finn and rey race past bb - 8 -- as they go up the ramp , han say to rey : han you , close the door behind we ! ( to finn ) you take care of chewie ! han and rey race up the ramp as Finn head up with chewie , who scream wildly in pain ! int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day han stand at the navicomputer , hit switch . rey enter fast , move past he to chewie 's seat . han hey , where be you go ? ( continued ) continued : rey unkar plutt install a fuel pump too -- if we do not prime that we be not go anywhere . han I hate that guy . han sit as , rey hit button : rey and you could use a co-pilot . han I get one , he 's back there . in the lounge , chewie be in pain -- int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day han and rey in the seat : han watch the thrust , we be goin ' out of here at lightspeed -- rey ( shocked ) from inside the hangar ? be that even possible ? han I never ask that question until after I have do it . a rathtar jump onto the windshield -- rey scream ! its giant mouth chewing at the glass ! han work the control : han ( cont 'd ) this be not how I think this day be gonna go -- angle the shield -- hang on back there ! in the lounge , chewie be in pain -- Finn go through a first aid kit -- the ship be hit again -- finn ( huge problem ) no problem ! int . cargo ship - hangar - day Three gang member race out here and FIRE at the falcon -- hit fuel line , blasting the ship hard ! the ship be hit . int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day han come on baby , do not let I down ! he hit a switch -- but nothing . han ( cont 'd ) what ?! but rey reach over , hit a switch , matter - of - factly . rey compressor . han do not like it but she 's right -- he hit the switch again and the hyperdrive fire ! the hangar be filled with lightspeed blast as the attacking gang member be blasted back like dry leave . in the cockpit the rathtar rip away as the star stretch like elastic and we CUT to : ext . cargo ship - day camera rotate as the falcon disappear in a streak , leave the cargo ship behind . int . cargo ship - day push in on a hangar door where bala - tik arrive at the window , seething . make a call : bala - tik inform the first order that han solo have the droid they want . and it 's aboard the millennium falcon . ext . starkiller base - day a pair of tie fighter roar towards a magnificent planet , freeze white . this be the starkiller base , a natural planet that have be hack and modify into something sinister . over this we hear a deep , almost soothing voice . a voice very much in control , of power : snoke ( v.o. ) the droid will soon be deliver to the resistance ... int . starkiller planet - assembly room - night kylo ren and General hux in a dark space , look upward at someone address they . we be in a massive and dark assembly room . hundred of desk in a stadium arc , focus on a platform where we see supreme leader snoke . not entirely human , at nearly twenty - five foot tall . all of he a stony grey . Old , wounded , fragile and powerful , all at the same time . ( continued ) continued : snoke ... lead they to the last jedi . if skywalker return , the new jedi will rise . general hux Supreme leader , I take full responsibility for th-- snoke General ! we strategy must now change . general hux the weapon . it be ready . I believe the time have come to use it . we shall destroy the government that support the resistance , the Republic . without they friend to protect they , the resistance will be vulnerable , and we will stop they before they reach skywalker . snoke consider . almost seem to die for a moment . then : snoke go. oversee preparation . general hux yes , Supreme leader . General hux , proud , cocksure , exit . kylo ren watch he go . snoke sit . a new intimacy in he voice . snoke there 's be a awaken . have you feel it ? kylo ren yes . snoke there 's something more . the droid we seek be aboard the millennium falcon . in the hand of you father , han solo . kylo ren react with subtle , but real , surprise . kylo ren he mean nothing to I . snoke even you , master of the Knights of ren , have never face such a test . ( continued ) continued : kylo ren ( steely resolve ) by the grace of you training , I will not be seduce . snoke we shall see . we shall see . a gentle , satisfied nod from snoke , and kylo ren , obsessed , fill up , exit . snoke watch he disappear , a grotesque evil smile grow -- as he disintegrate -- snoke have be a hologram all along . ext . lightspeed space - day racing with the falcon through the stringlight of lightspeed . int . millennium falcon - day chaos : intercut between the cockpit where han and rey pilot , alarm sounding , problem everywhere , and the lounge where chewie yelp as Finn nervously work to bandage he shoulder . SPARKS ! han Electrical overload ! rey I can fix that ! han the coolant 's leak ! rey try transfer auxiliary power to the secondary tank -- han -- secondary tank , I get it ! int . lounge : chewie howl in pain ! Finn hang in there , wrap a bandage on chewie 's shoulder : chewie roar . bb - 8 scurries off . finn chewie , come on ! I need help with this giant hairy thing ! stop move ! chewie ! int . falcon cockpit : han you hurt chewie , you be gonna deal with I ! int . lounge : as Finn struggle to bandage the wookiee : finn hurt he ?! he almost kill I six time ! ( chewie grab he by the collar , roar ) which be fine . int . falcon cockpit : han this hyperdrive blow there 's gonna be piece of we in three different system . han at the control when all the alarm stop . rey , satisfied , sit in the co-pilot seat . han be confuse . han ( cont 'd ) what would you do ? rey I by -pass the compressor . he look at she . a little , appreciative laugh . han exit , walk past bb - 8. han move , Ball . int . millennium falcon - lounge area - day han kneel at chewie , who lie awake but recover . han check he friend 's wound with care . chewie moan-talks . han Nah , do not say that , you do great . just rest . han turn to Finn , who sit at the holochess set , bb - 8 beside he . this be awkward for han , but damn , he mean it : han ( cont 'd ) good job , kid . and thanks . finn you be welcome . Finn have accidentally hit a button on the chess set , and the piece appear , look up at Finn , curiously . the piece start to fight as Finn fiddle with the control , try to turn it off . han so , fugitive , huh ? rey the first order want the map . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : rey ( cont 'd ) ( be : Finn and bb- 8 ) Finn be with the resistance ... ( shrug ) ... I be just a scavenger . han give Finn a skeptical once - over as Finn finally manage to turn the chess set off as rey enter . han look to bb - 8. han let 's see whatcha get . rey ( to bb - 8 ) go ahead . bb - 8 roll forward -- and suddenly project a holographic map , filling the room . planet , star , system . they all react . chewie sit to look up . han move through star , become reflective . han this map 's not complete . it 's just a piece . ever since luke disappear , people have be look for he . rey why would he leave ? han he be training a new generation of jedi . one boy , a apprentice turn against he , destroy it all . luke feel responsible ... he walk away from everything . finn do you know what happen to he ? han there be a lot of rumor . story . the people who know he the best think he go look for the first jedi temple . rey the jedi be real ? han I use to wonder that myself . think it be a bunch of mumbo-jumbo -- magical power hold together good , evil , the dark side and the light . ( beat ) ' crazy thing be , it 's true . the Force , the jedi , all of it . it 's all true . ( continued ) continued : a alarm ring on the control station , prompt han to toggle some switch . bb - 8 cut off the hologram . chewie rise and moan to han , but han motion for chewie to lay back down : han ( cont 'd ) no , you rest . ( to rey and Finn ) you want my help ? you be get it . gonna see a old friend . she will get you droid home . this be we stop . han leave towards the cockpit , rey and Finn follow . ext . lightspeed to space - day behind the falcon as it drop out of lightspeed , revealing a beautiful GREEN planet ahead , takodana . int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day han pilot . Finn and bb - 8 beside he , rey as co-pilot . han notice rey look out the windshield , almost in tear . rey ( quietly ) ... I do not know there be this much green in the whole galaxy ... han watch she -- see a vulnerability that touch he . ext . takodana planet - day the falcon crest over a endless GREEN forest to reveal a castle on a picturesque lake . the falcon land near the castle , among dozen of worn , smallish freighter . ext . landing pad - near maz' castle - day rey step off the falcon , up to camera , bb - 8 at she side . she take in the tower stone castle , forest to one side , lake to the other . serene , beautiful , all new to she . int . millennium falcon - lounge area - day from blackness : a storage unit open . han rummages , retrieve old blaster . Finn arrive behind he , concerned . finn hey , solo -- I be not sure what we be walk into here -- han d' you just call I " solo " ? ( continued ) continued : finn sorry . han -- Mr. solo . you should know , I be a big deal in the resistance . which put a real target on my back . be there any conspirator here ? first order sympathizer ? han listen big deal , you have get another problem . woman always figure out the truth . hand he a blaster . han ( cont 'd ) always . han walk off . Finn watch he go , wrack with guilt . ext . maz' castle - day han hand rey a blaster pistol as she stand at look at the castle . han you might need this . rey I think I can handle myself . han I know you do . that 's why I be give it to you . take it . rey pick it up . grip it . han ( cont 'd ) you know how to use one of this ? rey yeah , you pull the trigger . han there 's a little bit more to it than that . you get a lot to learn . you get a name ? rey rey . han rey . I have be thinkin ' about bring on some more crew , rey . a second mate . someone to help out . someone who can keep up with chewie and I , appreciate the falcon . ( continued ) continued : rey be you offer I a job ? han I would not be nice to you . it do not pay much . rey you be offer I a job . han I be think about it . rey want to say yes . but something stop she . a line she can not cross . han ( cont 'd ) well ? rey if you be , I would be flatter . but I have to get home . han look at she , questioningly . han jakku ? rey look off , in think . yeah , jakku . rey ( beat ) I have already be away too long . han ( to chewie ) chewie , check out the ship as best you can . han ( cont 'd ) it 's too bad . chewie kind of like you . han head off . hold on rey . ext . maz' castle - day han walk they to the castle . finn solo , why be we here again ? han to get you droid on a clean ship . rey clean ? ( continued ) continued : han do you think it be luck that chewie and I find the falcon ? if we can find it on we scanner , the first order 's not far behind . want to get bb - 8 to the resistance ? maz kanata be we best bet . finn we can trust she , right ? han relax , kid . she 's run this water hole for a thousand year . maz be a bit of a acquire taste , so let I do the talk . and whatever you do , do not stare ... rey and finn at what ? han any of it . the door open . music. madness . and ... int . maz' castle - MAIN room - day we enter the loud , crowded mess of a hall -- pushing past a room full of rough and odd alien and human , who gamble , drink , scheme , negotiate , argue -- until we end up on the back of a tiny , thousand year - old , four foot tall alien , who suddenly start , as if sensing something -- the alien turn to US : she be female , wear large adjustable goggle . this be maz kanata . maz han solo ! everyone turn to look . it 's all quiet in here . han ( sotto ) oh boy . ( louder , wave ) hey , maz ! noise return . maz walk to they , push someone away . maz where 's my boyfriend ? han chewie 's work on the falcon . maz I like that wookiee . I assume you need something . desperately . let 's get to it . ( continued ) continued : maz walk off , gesture for they to follow . Finn and rey be confuse . han indicate for they to follow . they do -- pass the enormous grummgar , who sit with vixen bazine netal , who watch they suspiciously . a SMALL droid ( ga - 97 ) , who turn its head to see bb - 8 follow rey across the room . ga - 97 , now animated , make a small transmitting SOUND , which be subtitle . ga -97 alert the resistance . they miss droid be here ! and we CUT to : in a dark alcove - moment later bazine enter a shadowy space , stealthily make a call on a communicator . clearly , bazine be a spy . subtitled : bazine inform the first order ... I have find the droid . ext . starkiller base - day a massive Star destroyer hover over the hack ice planet . int . STAR destroyer - kylo ren' chamber - day a dark space . kylo ren , close to camera , address someone off-camera whom we do not see . kylo ren forgive I . I feel it again . the pull to the light . Supreme leader sense it . show I again , the power of the darkness , and I will let nothing stand in we way . show I , grandfather , and I will finish what you start . as he emotion build , he stand and head off -- we follow he , pivoting to reveal who he be talk to : the burnt , ashen , ghostly deformed mask of darth vader . CUT to : int . maz' castle - table - day maz be put together some food as she say : maz a map to skywalker himself ? you be right back in the mess . han maz , I need you to get this droid to leia . ( continued ) continued : maz hmm . no . you have be run away from this fight for too long . han , nyakee nago wadda . go home ! han leia do not want to see I . finn please , we come here for you help . rey what fight ? maz the only fight : against the dark side . through the age , I have see evil take many form . the sith . the Empire . today , it be the first order . they shadow be spread across the galaxy . we must face they . fight they . all of we . finn there be no fight against the first order ! not one we can win . look around . there 's no chance we have not be recognize already . I bet you the first order be on they way right -- Finn stop , see maz adjust she goggle , scrutinize he -- she eye get huge . finn ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? what be you do ? maz adjust the goggle again . her eye get impossibly bigger . she grunt recognition . she hoist herself on the tabletop , knock over food and plate , crawl towards Finn . finn ( cont 'd ) solo , what be she do ? han I do not know , but it be not good . maz if you live long enough you see the same eye in different people . I be look at the eye of a man who want to run . finn ( eye on maz ) you do not know a thing about I . where I be from . what I have see . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : finn ( cont 'd ) you do not know the first order like I do . they will slaughter we . we all need to run . rey be stunne . maz , not so much . she crawl back to she chair . she point to some pirate in the corner . maz you see that two ? they will trade work for transportation to the Outer rim . there , you can disappear . Finn see they . consider . rey Finn ! finn come with I . rey what about bb - 8 ? we be not do yet . we have to get he back to you base . finn I can not . Finn stand to leave . he offer the gun back to han . han keep it , kid . Finn head off . rey get up to follow . maz dial she lense back to normal , and turn to han . maz who 's the girl ? on finn who have arrive at the table with the alien smugglers . finn I be tell you could get I to the Outer rim . rey barge into the conversation , interrupt . rey what be you do ? Finn get up to talk to she . finn ( to Big head ) do not leave without I . ( continued ) continued : embarrass , Finn move she away . rey you can not just go . I will not let you . finn I be not who you think I be . rey Finn , what be you talk about ? finn I be not resistance . I be not a hero . I be a stormtrooper . ( stop her ) like all of they , I be take from a family I will never know . and raise to do one thing ... ( emotional ) but my first battle , I make a choice . I be not go to kill for they . so I run . finn ( cont 'd ) right into you . and you look at I like no one ever have . I be ashamed of what I be . but I be do with the first order . I be never go back . rey , come with I . rey do not go . finn take care of yourself . please . rey look at he , crush . with quiet resignation , rey watch Finn return to the alien ... and all three head off . he get to the front door and walk through it . rey be heartsick , but she turn as she hear the sound of a young girl in anguish , cry . she follow the sound into the castle , turn so she can not see that Finn have look back at she one last time . int . maz ' castle - basement corridor - day rey step down into the basement corridor . bb - 8 follow she . walk carefully and confuse , she be not sure why she 's down here . she can hear the echoing sound of a young girl cry . she head down the hall ... to the very end , where there be a door . it be almost as if a soulful vibration draw she closer . she look at the door lock -- and the door open . hesitant , rey enter . int . maz' castle - crypt room - day rey move into the dark , small , vault storage room . Old treasure line the floor and wall , but there be something specific rey be draw to : on a table , a old wooden BOX . she move to it , unsure , afraid , as if a energy from inside the box have be call she here . bb - 8 nervously follow . rey reach out , very slowly , to touch the box . a moment heavy with tension . rey open the BOX and see inside luke skywalker 's original lightsaber . with hesitation , she reach towards it , but she cannot resist . as she hand make contact with it , there be the pierce sound of a lightsaber ignite . she move she hand away , as rey hear a mechanical breathing sound . the camera move , lighting change -- and we see behind she something impossible : a hallway of from deep inside cloud CITY . disembody voice fill the air . young girl no ! she stand -- look around , confuse by all she see and hear . -- turn and see , through a doorway . we follow rey and she run down the corridor , but it all tilt -- turn -- and she land on the wall -- which be now the ground -- dry grass . she turn to look -- we pivot -- and see a burning temple at night . we pan to : r2 - D2 -- who watch the flame -- and a man appear ( luke , whose face we do not see ) . he fall to he knee , reach out to the droid -- with a mechanical right hand . we push in on rey as rain begins -- and day turn to night -- and she look up -- we tilt up -- to see we be looking up at a warrior as he be stabbed by a fiery lightsaber ! he scream and fall to the ground -- we follow he , revealing rey again , now in a nighttime battlefield . she get to she foot , frighten by what she see . we pivot around her to reveal kylo ren , and the six other knight of ren , who flank he ! come back around to rey , soaking now , as the rain stop and sunlight illuminate she -- she turn to look -- we pivot -- and see ... a little girl . rey as a child . she be sobbing , hysterical . unkar plutt 's meaty hand hold she thin arm . she be on jakku , watch a starship fly into the sky , abandon she . young girl no , come back ! ( continued ) continued : unkar plutt quiet , girl ! the ship fly towards the desert sun , which be strangely eclipse , as if be eat by darkness . rey look around she to see she be .. in a nighttime , barren , snowy wood . she 's lose she mind , confound and lose and she get to she foot , she breath see in the frigid air -- and then : the SOUND of clashing lightsaber ! she move through the wood , toward the sound . rey run , heart pound , when kylo ren emerge from behind a tree ! she stop , scream , fall back and land in : int . maz ' castle - basement corridor - day she fall back , out of the room , suddenly sit in the hall , out of breath , alarmed and perplex . she hear something and turn to look . maz stand at the end of the corridor , realize what have just happen . rey what be that ? I should not have go in there . maz that lightsaber be luke 's . and he father 's before he and now , it call to you ! rey stand , fast . still overwhelm , emotional , speechless . rey I have to get back to jakku . maz han tell I . ( reach out , hold rey' hand ) dear child . I see you eye . you already know the truth . whomever you be wait for on jakku , they be never come back . but ... there 's someone who still could . rey luke . maz the belong you seek be not behind you . it be ahead . I be no jedi , but I know the Force . it move through and surround every live thing . Close you eye . feel it . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : maz ( cont 'd ) the light . it 's always be there . it will guide you . the saber . take it . rey suddenly stand . rey I be never touch that again . I do not want any part of this . and rey run off , pass maz . rey 's mind be spin -- she can not take it -- she turn and head off , fast . bb - 8 follow she . tight on maz , watch she go . maz sigh , feel for the young girl . ext . maz' castle - day rey exit the castle , need to run , but do not know where . head toward the wood . ext . forest - day rey move through the foliage , heart racing . over this , we hear a rumbling -- intense , a omen of something horrible to come . ext . starkiller base - assembly area - day a massive rally : a thousand stormtrooper , tie fighter , officer and vehicle . brutalist structure , mountainous snowy landscape . address they at a podium , flanke by red first order banner , be hux . his voice echoes : general hux today be the end of the Republic ! the end of a regime that acquiesce to disorder ! at this very moment , in a system far from here the New Republic lie to the galaxy while secretly support the treachery of the loathsome resistance . this fierce machine which you have build , upon which we stand , will bring a end to the Senate ! to they cherish fleet ! all remain system will bow to the first order ! and will remember this ... as the last day of the Republic ! int . starkiller base - control room - day engineer perform final firing protocol . there 's a sense of nervousness -- will this massive weapon actually work ? ext . starkiller base - assembly area - day general hux FIRE ! and hux turn to give the signal as we CUT back wide -- a roar of boot on pavement as the thousand stormtrooper turn to face a endless snowy landscape . what be about to happen ?! ext . starkiller base - day a view past the rally . for a moment , nothing . then , eerily silent , a impossible blast of FIRE light -- like a atomic bomb test time a zillion -- blast from mile away , into the sky ! second later , a terrible explosive roar ! the trooper -- everyone -- be nearly pushed back by the force of it -- the magnitude ! many have to cover there eye ! for mile around the firebeam , ice and snow melt instantly ! runoff tunnel flooded with a ocean of fresh water . airborne creature by the thousand burst from tree and take flight . hux watch , he eye wild with power and evil . from he eye , CUT to : int . STAR destroyer bridge - day tight on kylo ren as he watch the starkiller fire . ext . maz ' castle - day Finn board the alien freighter . the SOUND from the sky make he turn back . he see the path of FIRE and he blood run cold , he heart sink . ext . republic system - night at a massive distance we see planet the republic capital system -- increasingly lit , then powerfully hit by the vast fireblast which obliterate it all ! ext . republic CITY - night the galaxy CENTER of government at night . impressive structure . Senators and dignitary look in uncomprehend horror to the night sky . light growing -- from a great distance a circle of FIRE -- like a SMALL SUN appear from nowhere and growing close and massive , turning night to day ! and in second the FIRE block out everything else , and the entire planet of hosnian prime be incinerated ! ext . maz' castle - day a crowd of alien file out from inside , all eye on the FIRE in the sky . dozen of language exclaim fear and horror . find han and chewie move out , look up . ( continued ) continued : finn ( o.s. ) it be the Republic . han and chewie turn as Finn arrive , move quickly through the crowd . with dread : finn ( cont 'd ) the first order , they have do it . where 's rey ? ext . forest - day rey race through the forest and finally come to a stop , overwhelm and exhaust . at a emotional break point , she have no idea where to go , who to turn to . then she hear a beep -- turn to see bb - 8 , catch up with she . rey what be you do ? ( he beeps ) you have to go back . ( he beeps again ) rey ( cont 'd ) bb - 8 . no , you can not -- you have to go back , you be too important . they will help you . then , another SOUND -- louder now -- they look up again : in front of the system attack , a fleet of first order ship roar overhead , toward the castle ! rey 's heart sink : her friend be in danger ! int . maz' castle - basement corridor - day maz lead han , Finn and chewie down the hall , fast : maz I have have this for age ... maz' castle - treasure room - day maz open the box -- hold out the lightsaber to Finn : maz kept it lock away . han where would you get that ? maz a good question for another time . ( to finn ) take it ! find you friend ! Finn grab it as the room be shaken by a above ground attack . maz ( cont 'd ) that beast ! they be here ! ext . forest - day rey and bb - 8 race fast back toward the castle -- explosion sound can be heard from the direction they be head ! ext . forest - day rey race through the tree -- see maz ' castle -- be destroyed by first order ship ! alien running , getting obliterated by scream tie fighter ! other tie fighter and transporter land , stormtrooper in attack . just then , filter radio call get rey 's attention : nearby stormtrooper have spot she , and FIRE ! stormtrooper fn - 417 , hold position ! rey take cover , grab she blaster -- but it won't FIRE ! she panic , then realize : rey Safety ! she switch off the safety and fire back ! hit two troopers and retreat , call to bb - 8 : bb - 8 follow rey away from the castle , fire back at more chase trooper ! ext . maz ' castle ruins - day kylo ren move through the debris . a stormtrooper approach : stormtrooper # 4 Sir , the droid be spot head west , with a girl . kylo ren look back sharply , in rey 's direction -- ext . forest - day rey and bb - 8 move swiftly , terrify -- she stop they : rey you have to keep go , stay out of sight , I will try to fight them off . ( bb-8 beeps ; bravely through she fear ) I hope so , too . bb-8 beeps and head off -- rey run and take cover behind a massive , mossy tree . tight on she terrified face -- ext . castle debris - day han , chewie , Finn and maz , exhaust , climb up , peek through debris . ( continued ) continued : han come on , chewie ! maz turn to Finn : maz rey and bb - 8 , they need you . now go . finn I need a weapon . maz grab he wrist -- hold up he hand -- the saber . maz you have one ! he look at she questioningly -- he 's suppose to use the lightsaber ?! he turn it on . han and chewie run , take cover from blast , firing back at stormtrooper , take some out ! han hey , can I try that ? han borrow chewbacca 's bowcaster , fire on stormtrooper and send they fly . han ( cont 'd ) ( to chewbacca ) I like this thing . finn surprise a stormtrooper with the lightsaber , then another ! untrain , he 's athletic , brave , impressive . one stormtrooper have a mace -- stormtrooper traitor ! finn and the trooper with the mace battle . the mace trooper knock finn down ! the stormtrooper be about to end he , when the stormtrooper be shot and fall ! Wide -ey Finn see han run over , have fire the blast ! han help he up . han you okay , Big deal ? finn thanks ! but ten stormtrooper come over a rise , blaster aimed . stormtrooper do not move ! TK -338 , we have target in custody ! ( continued ) continued : no way out , they drop there weapon : tight on the lightsaber as it hit the ground . a stormtrooper hand pick it up . han 's mind race as a squad of troopers appear behind they . Finn , han and chewie be marched by stormtrooper back toward a transport , hand on they head . but then -- a familiar roar ripping across the lake -- han turn -- they all do : come toward they across the water , X - wing and resistance spacecraft appear , begin firing at the first order ship ! push in on han , hope surging -- chewie talk . stormtrooper ( cont 'd ) we have income at two - eight - point - six ! move ! dispatch ! move ! scramble all squad ! repeat , scramble all squad ! anti-air cover en route to we position ! han it 's the resistance . one x- wing in particular -- marked in black -- swoops down and take out the park tie fighter and trooper ! int . poe be x- wing - day it 's poe dameron at the stick of he x-w . poe go straight ahead and do not let this dog scare you ! jess ( v.o. ) copy that ! SNAP ( v.o. ) we be with you , poe ! the stormtrooper around Finn , han and chewie scatter , tossed in explosion ! the lightsaber land again -- finn pick it up . han Quick ! chewie pick up he bowcaster , han take the blaster . shoot a trooper . finn woohoo ! yeah ! that 's one helluva pilot ! int . poe be x- wing - day poe woohoo ! ext . forest - day in the darken wood , rey , terrify , keep she blaster aim . her eye dart around for she pursuer . and then : the unique SOUND of kylo ren' rasping lightsaber coming to life -- a SOUND she 's heard before in the forceback . rey 's heart skip a beat : she 's even more scared now . kylo ren appear from behind a tree -- rey fire again and again -- kylo ren move toward she , using he lightsaber to deflect every blast . she fire ferociously , but kylo ren keep come ! his hand rise -- rey suddenly stop -- gasp -- unable to move . kylo ren the girl I have hear so much about . he walk around her , slowly , she will not let herself cry . kylo ren ( cont 'd ) the droid . he come around to see she face . after a scary beat he whip he saber up to her eye , illuminating her face . kylo ren ( cont 'd ) where be it ? wide shot : the epic battle between resistance and first order troops , reflected in the still lake . stormtrooper request air support ! ext . forest - day kylo ren turn off he saber , reach up ... and reach toward rey' face . she can not move , strain in agony . after a beat , surprised by what he find , he remove he hand . she be relieved but still afraid . kylo ren the map . you have see it . rey be horrify . he touch her face again : the pain , tear stream . kylo ren , take more from she mind ... she stare at he , terrified , strain in agony -- kylo ren , mid-interrogation , turn toward the SOUND of the explosion . stormtrooper approach through the wood . stormtrooper # 5 Sir , resistance fighter ! we need more troops . kylo ren turn back to rey , he hand still on she face . ( continued ) continued : kylo ren pull the division out . forget the droid . we have what we need . a gesture from kylo ren and rey lose consciousness , fall from frame ! ext . castle debris - day the black -marked x- wing swoops down again , firing , exploding another tie fighter ! on the ground : stormtrooper pull back the tree line ! han and chewie dodge debris , firing and taking out troopers . finn take out 2 troopers with the blaster , then , out of breath , turn to see : kylo ren in the forest , carrying rey in he arm , into he shuttle ! Finn 's heart shatter -- han stop -- turn -- see kylo ren enter he shuttle . han be rocked . finn no !! rey !!! heroically , Finn run toward the shuttle through laser blast and explosion , but the shuttle take off -- Finn irrationally chase it , scream desperately : finn ( cont 'd ) no , no , no , no ... rey !! in craze frustration , Finn stop run , watch the recede first order ship , rey they captive . ext . forest - day bb - 8 move fast , then stop and look up as the first order ship retreat , off planet . a consider beat , and bb - 8 head back for the castle . ext . maz' castle ruins - day Post battle . Finn run to han : finn he take she ! do you see that ? he take she . she 's go ! han ( walk past ) yeah , yeah , I know ... and he and chewie head off . ext . maz' castle ruins - day han move toward a resistance transport landing in the debris . bb - 8 roll up beside he , in wait for the transport . on han be face , know exactly what 's about to happen . finally , the transport door open . and stand there be leia . she see han and be stunne . a silent beat , husband and wife reunite for the first time in year . in the smoke and ember , no one say a word . then c-3 po walk out from the transport , into the field : c-3 po goodness ! han solo ! it be I , see - threepio ! ( see han , stop ) you probably do not recognize I because of the red arm . ( see leia , increasingly awkward ) look who it be ! do you see who ? oh. Excuse I , prin - - uh , General . sorry . come along , bb - 8 . quickly . ( bb-8 beeps ) yes , I must get my proper arm reinstalled . he hurry off . finally , alone again . han you change you hair . leia same jacket . han no , new jacket . chewie glad to see leia , greet she with a hug . chewie moan a few word , look at han then board the ship . it be complicated and loving and painful . han say , quietly : han ( cont 'd ) ... I see he . leia , I see we son . he be here . leia hear this . maz watch through the smoke . ext . space - day the falcon and survive x- wing roar past camera toward a planet with GREEN flora and a ring of asteroid . ( continued ) continued : this be d'qar . ext . d'qar - day the ship descending among grassy mound and sink structure . ext . resistance base - day large grass mound cover hangar , beneath the odd , giant tree . boom down as resistance ground crew direct a x-wing to a landing . in the foreground , another X - wing canopy open , a pilot climb out . pan to reveal the land millennium falcon . Finn run down the ramp , up to camera , desperate , search . then bb-8 speed right past he , almost knock he down -- Finn watch as bb - 8 roll over to the pilot getting out of the black -marked x-wing . the Pilot 's helmet come off . it be poe ! Finn can not believe what he 's see . and poe , kneel in warm reunion with bb - 8 , listen and react to something the droid tell he . poe look up and see Finn -- and he can not believe it either ! poe smile , point at Finn . from a distance , Finn gesture in sheer amazement that poe be alive . finn poe. poe dameron . they move to each other -- and embrace . finn ( cont 'd ) you be alive ! poe so be you ! finn what happen to you ? poe what happen ? I get throw from the crash , wake up at night -- no you , no ship , nothing -- bb-8 beeps -- poe listen , turn to Finn . poe ( cont 'd ) bb - 8 say that you save he . finn no , no , no . it be not just I . poe you complete my mission , Finn . that 's my jacket ? ( continued ) continued : finn oh here . poe no , no , no . keep it . it suit you . you be a good man , Finn . finn poe -- I need you help . int . resistance base - day move fast with Finn and poe . Finn take in this makeshift command center , bury deep among vine and root . they arrive at leia , who stand with a group of resistance officer , include admiral ackbar and statura : poe General organa . sorry to interrupt , this be Finn , he need to talk to you -- leia ( take Finn 's hand ) and I need to talk to he . that be incredibly brave , what you do . renounce the first order , save this man 's life -- finn ( surprised she know ) thank you , mar 'am -- but a friend of mine be take prisoner -- leia han tell I about the girl , I be sorry . Finn be startle -- poe jump in : poe Finn 's familiar with the weapon that destroy the hosnian system . he work on the base . leia we be desperate for anything you can tell we . finn that 's where my friend be take -- I have get to get there , fast . leia and I will do everything I can to help , but first you must tell we all you know . int . resistance base - day chewbacca sit on a bed in the mo bay . dr . kalonia use a device to help heal he shoulder . chewie talk . dr . kalonia ( chewie talk ) that sound very scary . ( chewie talk ) you must be so brave . chewie agree . int . resistance base - day c-3 po take the data device from bb - 8 and insert it into a base computer . the projected map appear in hologram . leia enter , study it , dispirite . pan as she move , revealing han . c-3 po be here and some other . c-3 po General , I regret to inform you , but this map recover from bb - 8 be only partially complete . and even worse , it match no chart system on record . we simply do not have enough information to locate master luke . leia I can not believe I be so foolish to think that I could just find luke and bring he home . han leia ... leia do not do that . han do what ? she head off . leia anything . flummox , han follow look at c-3po . c-3 po princess . han follow leia across the base floor : han I be try to be helpful ! ( continued ) continued : leia when do that ever help ? and do not say the death Star . han ( sigh ) int . resistance base - day low with bb - 8 as he roll over and find , under a dark and dusty tarp in a corner , r2 - D2 . bb-8 beeps at r2 , pull off the tarp and try to start a conversation . but r2 doesn 't respond at all . bb - 8 try again . nothing . bb-8 nudge r2 . nothing . then : c-3 po ( o.s. ) bb - 8 . you be waste you time . bb - 8 look up at c-3 po , who stand there . c-3 po sigh . c-3 po ( cont 'd ) it be very doubtful that r2 would have the rest of the map in he backup data . ( bb-8 beeps ) I be afraid not . r2 - D2 have be in low power mode ever since master luke go away . sadly , he may never be he old self again . int . resistance base - day leia hear the change in han 's voice and soften . she turn . han listen to I , will you ? I know every time you ... every time you look at I , you be remind of he . leia you think I want to forget he ? I want he back ! han look at she with sympathy . han there be nothing we could have do . ( hard for he to say ) there be too much vader in he . leia that 's why I want he to train with luke . I just never should have send he away . that 's when I lose he . that 's when I lose you both . ( continued ) continued : han we both have to deal with it in we own way . I go back to the only thing I be ever good at . leia we both do . han we lose we son , forever . leia no . ( long beat ) it be snoke . han take this in . leia ( cont 'd ) he seduce we son to the dark side . but we can still save he . me. you . han if luke could not reach he , how could I ? leia luke be a jedi ... you be he father . there 's still light in he . I know it . general statura General , the reconnaissance report on the enemy base be come . int . starkiller base - holding cell - day rey wake , disorient . she be in a angle , upright restrain rig . look over , startle to see kylo ren , mask in place , stand there . rey where be I ? kylo ren ( long beat ) you be my guest . rey where be the other ? kylo ren you mean the murderer , traitor and thief you call friend ? ( rey stare at he ) you will be relieved to hear that I have no idea . ( continued ) continued : rey study he . she 's fearful ... but curious . kylo ren ( cont 'd ) you still want to kill I . rey that happen when you be be hunt by a creature in a mask . kylo ren stop , consider she ... then reach up , unlatch and remove he mask . rey react , stunne . it take a moment before she regains she own mask of defiance . kylo ren tell I about the droid . rey ( a nervous beat ) he 's a bb unit with a selenium drive and a thermal hyperscan vindicator -- kylo ren he 's carry a section of a navigational chart . we have the rest , recover from archive of the Empire . we need the last piece . and somehow , you convinced the droid to show it to you . you . a scavenger -- rey react -- afraid -- how do he know ? kylo ren ( cont 'd ) you know I can take whatever I want . trepidation flash across rey 's eye . kylo ren move closer , he hand rise toward she . she recoil , but have nowhere to go . kylo ren nearly touch her face ... they 're both surprised : they react to a feel that pass between they -- a ENERGY they recognize in each other . and then it 's go . adversary again . rey can not move , quietly strain in agony , try to resist ren 's probing . kylo ren ( cont 'd ) ... you be so lonely ... so afraid to leave ... ( then , slight smile ) at night , desperate to sleep ... you imagine a ocean . I see it -- I see the island ... tear stream down she face as she resist . she try to break free , but can not budge . kylo ren ( cont 'd ) and han solo . you feel like he 's the father you never have . he would have disappointed you . ( continued ) continued : his hand still on she face , she eye fierce through the agony : rey -- get out of my head -- but this just make kylo lean closer . kylo ren I know you have see the map . it 's in there ... and now you will give it to I . do not be afraid . I feel it too . where she strength come from , she do not know , but : rey I be not give you anything . kylo ren we will see . he peer into she eye intensely . she meet he gaze -- despite the pain she be strong . on ren 's face as he confidence begins to melt away . he have slam up against a barrier in she mind . he look less certain by the moment as rey seem to grow in strength . the ferocity of confrontation build until it hit critical mass and rey doe the unthinkable ! she enter he head , amazed at what she be seeing ! rey ... you ... you be afraid ... that you will never be as strong as ... darth vader ! kylo ren suddenly withdraws he hand , as if she face be FIRE hot . take a step back , confuse , rattled . rey 's body be release , she breathes deeply , she powerful eye still on kylo ren , who start to leave . and we prelap : snoke ( v.o. ) this scavenger , resist you ? int . starkiller planet - assembly room - night kylo ren , mask off , stand before snoke . kylo ren she 's strong with the Force , untrained but , stronger than she know . and while ren 's mind no doubt go to luke : snoke and the droid ? ( continued ) continued : kylo ren hesitates to reveal the truth . then : general hux ( o.s. ) ren believe it be no longer valuable to we . ren turn back -- hux enter the large space , move to the platform beside ren. general hux ( cont 'd ) that the girl be all we need . as a result , the droid have most likely be return to the hand of the enemy . they may have the map already . snoke be visibly furious . snoke then the resistance must be destroy before they get to skywalker . general hux we have they location . we track they reconnaissance ship to the ileenium system . snoke good . then we will crush they once and for all . prepare the weapon . kylo ren be stunne by the moment -- that be not what he mean at all -- kylo ren Supreme leader . I can get the map from the girl . I just need you guidance . snoke if what you say about this girl be true , bring she to I . int . starkiller base - holding cell - day slow push in on rey , shackle , mind still racing over what 's happen between she and kylo ren . she be flood with emotion , feel she potential , she strength , that in this moment of be restrain , perhaps anything be possible . she turn to the stormtrooper Guard . Studies he for a intense beat . then say : rey you will remove this restraint . and leave this cell , with the door open . the stormtrooper Guard look at she . a beat . ( continued ) continued : trooper guard # 2 what do you say ? rey 's eye stay train on he . she shift in she seat , she confidence waver , but she repeat , with authority : rey you will remove this restraint . and leave this cell , with the door open . the stormtrooper Guard , rifle aim , move for her . rey 's heart pound -- be she about to be kill , freed , or laugh at ? the tension unbearable when the Guard say : trooper guard # 2 I will tighten that restraint , scavenger scum ! int . starkiller base - corridor 1 - day low angle : kylo ren , mask , round a corner , pass US . int . starkiller base - holding cell - day rey stare intently at the trooper . calm herself . and try again . rey you will remove this restraint . and leave this cell , with the door open . trooper guard # 2 I will remove this restraint . and leave this cell , with the door open . he reach down and unlatches the restraint . he then turn and start to head out , she back to he as he exit . she be in SHOCK . then try , quickly : rey and you will drop you weapon . trooper guard # 2 and I will drop my weapon . the trooper Guard drop he weapon without turn back -- rey hear the gun fall . she 's incredulous . the guard have left the cell , its door OPEN . rey , in absolute disbelief , move quickly out of frame ! int . starkiller base - holding cell - day kylo ren enter the cell -- we push in on he as he take in the empty cell -- and immediately understand what have happened . ( continued ) continued : kylo ren no ! enrage , he rip out he saber and -- ext . starkiller base - corridor 1 - day wide angle , empty corridor , toward the cell : we only hear the horrible sound . destruction . yelling . a few piece of red hot debris bounce into the corridor . two stormtrooper , crossing at the far end of the hall , stop to watch this display of pure FURY . they retreat , and fast . int . starkiller base - control room - day worker at they control . vast snowy landscape see outside . they gauge rise -- the weapon charging slowly -- general hux begin charge the weapon ! starkiller technician yes , sir . weapon charge . ext . starkiller base planet - day a vast view of the planet -- a massive solarvac array surround a port ten mile in diameter . million of panel turn on the array -- a wave of brilliant reflection . suddenly , like a planetary - scale tesla coil line of ENERGY , the power of the SUN begin to TRAVEL down to the starkiller base planet . int . resistance base - day Finn , now a member of the inner circle of the resistance , be huddle with the group around the map table , which display a wireframe hologram of a rolling view of the surface of starkiller base . with Finn be han , leia , poe , c-3 po , statura , ackbar , brance , SNAP , major ematt ( 60 ) , nien nunb , and other . a urgent , messy strategy session -- poe the scan data from snap 's reconnaissance flight confirm finn' report . SNAP they have somehow create a hyper lightspeed weapon build within the planet itself . brance a laser cannon ? ( continued ) continued : SNAP we be not sure how to describe a weapon of this scale . major ematt ( horrible memories ) it 's another death Star . poe I wish that be the case , Major . poe hit a control . a wireframe of the death STAR appear . poe ( cont 'd ) this be the death Star . poe hit another control -- the death Star shrink -- and shrink and shrink , as the surface area of the starkiller base be drawn into a larger image , revealing the entire base planet . the death Star be a minuscule satellite in comparison . poe ( cont 'd ) this be starkiller base . this be news to many here , and they be stunne . han so it 's big . admiral ackbar how be it possible to power a weapon of this size ? finn it use the power of the sun . as the weapon be charge , the sun be drain until it disappear . a officer run up , hand leia a datacard . leia ( eye on datacard ) the first order : they be charge the weapon again , now . ( then , heart sink ) we system be the next target . c-3 po oh my . without the Republic fleet , we be doom . they all react to this horrible news . han okay , how do we blow it up ? ( all eye on he ) there 's always a way to do that . ( continued ) continued : but no one have anything . leia watch the silence , frustrated . finally , rallying they : leia han 's right . han be surprised . admiral statura ( at first hesitant ) in order for that amount of power to be contain , that base would need some kind of thermal oscillator ... finn there be one . all eye on Finn as he move around the hologram to a location on the starkiller base -- it be zoom in : a giant black hexagonal structure . finn ( cont 'd ) precinct 47 . here . admiral statura ( hypothesize ) if we can destroy that oscillator , it might de-stabilize the core and cripple the weapon . major ematt ... maybe the planet . poe then try to bolster spirit , look at the big hexagonal structure : the oscillator . poe we will go in there and we will hit that oscillator with everything we get . admiral ackbar they have defensive shield that we ship can not penetrate . han we disable the shield . ( to finn ) kid , you work there , what do you get ? finn ( beat , then : ) I can do it . han I like this guy . ( continued ) continued : finn I can disable the shield . but I have to be there , on the planet -- han we will get you there . leia han , how ? han if I tell you , you would not like it . poe so we disable the shield , take out the oscillator and we blow up they big gun . all right . let 's go ! and everyone split . ext . hangar , resistance base - day series of shot : the resistance fleet prepare for its mission . pilot inspect craft , include snap , nien nunb , and poe at he black - mark X -wing . mechanic make adjustment as crews fuel the jet . Ground controller move ship into takeoff formation . pilot prep they ship , include bb - 8 , who be pulled into poe 's black X -wing . Finn approach poe wear the jacket . poe slap Finn 's shoulder as he head off . Finn watch poe , despite it all , a little laugh . over this : ext . resistance base - day chewie and Finn follow han 's order as they prepare the falcon for one more dare run , maybe its last : han chewie , check that donal capitator . come on . let 's go . -- Finn , be careful with that - they be explosive . finn now you tell I ? leia no matter how much we fight , I have always hate watch you leave . han look over , there 's leia . han that 's what I do it . so you would miss I . she laugh , move up close to he . ( continued ) continued : leia I do miss you . he look at she , say sweetly , out of the blue : han it be not all bad , be it ? huh ? some of it be ... good . leia ... pretty good . han some thing never change . leia ( smile ) true . you still drive I crazy . han place he hand on she shoulder . it could be thirty year ago . they both know there 's a good chance he will not make it back . they pull each other tight , hold for dear life . quietly , longingly : leia ( cont 'd ) if you see we son again , bring he home . int . starkiller base - day stormtrooper Sir , sensor trigger in hangar 718 . we be search the area . kylo ren she 's just beginning to test she power . the longer it take to find she , the more dangerous she become . kylo exit . int . starkiller base - atrium area - day tight on rey' face as she peer nervously around a corner . rey run down a long , glossy hall , take cover in a alcove , the trooper Guard 's rifle held tight . ext . lightspeed space - day the falcon scream past -- int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day Flying at lightspeed , Finn , with han and chewie . ( continued ) continued : finn how be we get in ? han they shield have a fractional refresh rate . keeps anything travel slower than lightspeed from get through . Finn be suddenly fill with dread . finn we be gonna make we landing approach at lightspeed ?! chewie , think it 's crazy too , say : hell yes we be ! han alright , chewie , get ready . chewie groans : he 's ready . han study the panel indicator . han ( cont 'd ) and now ! chewie and han hit switch -- ext . lightspeed space / starkiller base - day the falcon 's environment shift instantly from lightspeed to planet atmosphere -- it 's suddenly flying 100 feet above the snowy , rocky ground , head for a thick forest ! int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day chewie groans : han I am pulling up !!! ext . starkiller base - day but the falcon have no time -- it plows through the tree ! it then rise -- int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day alarm blare as the ship slam through branch , shoot toward sky ! han do he best to steer -- chewie groans -- in the madness han yell : han I get any higher , they will see we ! and the ship dive again , back into the tree ! ext . starkiller base - clearing - day a quiet clearing on the forest treeline . suddenly the millennium falcon hurtle out of the forest ! from a eruption of branch and pine , the ship dive -- slam into the snow ! it dig through a thousand yard of white until it finally come to a cant stop , half bury in the snow ! int . starkiller base - day officer Sir , she be not find in hangar 718 but all troops be on alert . kylo ren put every hangar on lock -down . she 's go to try to steal a ship to -- suddenly , kylo sense something . something familiar . kylo ren ( cont 'd ) han solo ... ext . starkiller base - day massive wide shot of a epic snowscape . han , Finn and chewie cross the terrain . walker appear on the horizon . han , Finn and chewie take cover behind a base structure . chewie carry a black duffel of explosive . finn the flooding tunnel be over that ridge . we will get in that way . han what be you job when you be base here ? finn sanitation . han sanitation ? then how do you know how to disable the shield ? finn I do not . I be just here to get rey . han people be count on we ! the galaxy be count on we --! finn solo , we will figure it out ! we will use the Force ! han that 's not how the Force work --! ( continued ) continued : chewie moantalks . han ( cont 'd ) oh really , you be cold ? finn come on ! they follow Finn on the snowy hike . on the horizon , the laser siphon shoot into the sky , slowly sucking the SUN dry . int . starkiller base - control room - day technician at work , the SUN sucking see in the window behind he . general hux report . first order officer weapon charge in fifteen minute , sir . int . starkiller base - corridor 4 - day a stormtrooper wait to board a Transport compartment . the door whooshes open -- han , finn and chewie be there ! stormtrooper fn-9330 hey ! he fumble for he blaster but chewie shoot first . wide angle of the corridor as the trooper fly back , dead . chewie drag he out of sight . han and Finn peer around a corner , wary . han the longer we be here , less luck we be go to have . the shield ? finn I have a idea about that . han and chewie follow Finn . int . starkiller base - corridor - day Captain phasma head down a corridor , distant stormtrooper . suddenly phasma be t-boned hard and fast -- shove out of frame by chewie ! and now we be in a narrow cross - corridor , chewie with he arm around phasma , forced to face finn , who hold he blaster on he former captain . han stand behind Finn . finn remember I ? ( continued ) continued : captain phasma fn-2187 . finn not anymore . the name 's Finn , and I be in charge . I be in charge now , phasma . I be in charge . han bring it down . bring it down . finn follow I . Finn smile as we CUT to : int . starkiller base - atrium area - day tight on rey' face as she peer nervously around a corner . rey run down a long , glossy hall , take cover in a alcove , the trooper Guard 's rifle held tight . from this alcove , she can see down another long , perpendicular walkway -- on one side , a stone and steel wall . on the other side , a vast atrium , with a railing - free drop off , the white pill - light design descend hundred of feet . at the end of this walkway be a OPEN hangar door , revealing hundred of tie fighter park outside . tight on rey 's face as she plan be clear . but the problem : between she and the ship she want to steal , be a group of stormtrooper . Guards , in conversation . as she try to think about what to do next , we see , far behind her in the perpendicular hall , another group of STORM - and snowtroopers head she way ! rey 's mind race -- another peek out and she run fast , across the walkway , and climb down -- she fingertip disappear over the edge just as the trooper approach and continue . wide shot as rey hold on carefully as the guard walk off , not see she over the edge , a death drop below she . but then she sees something and have a brainstorm . she strenuously cross-climb to a invisible service hatch , which she open , and climb inside the wall , close the hatch behind she . int . starkiller base - inside the wall - day a remarkable image , inside the inner working of the base . tiny by comparison , rey climb amid the incredible infrastructure , a drop to infinity beneath she . she be between the light source and the white pill shape , as she make she way across . int . starkiller base - atrium area - day wide shot of the stormtrooper guard , above the drop off into the atrium . what they can not see be a shadowed silhouette of rey against the endless white pill light as she climb across the space , beneath they , toward she exit ! int . starkiller base - control access point - day close as phasma sit into frame in front of a workstation -- Finn , han and chewie , blaster aim . phasma reluctantly work control on the workstation . finn you want I to blast that bucket off you head ? lower the shield . captain phasma you be make a big mistake . finn do it . chewie moan / talk . phasma hit a few more button -- the control beep-click . " shield disable initiate " . eye on the workstation : finn ( cont 'd ) solo , if this work , we be not go to have a lot of time to find rey . han do not worry kid , we will not leave here without she . the control beep-click . " shield disabled " . captain phasma ( to Finn , cruel ) you can not be so stupid as to think this will be easy . my troops will storm this block and kill you all . finn I disagree . what do we do with she ? han be there a garbage chute ? trash compactor ? finn yeah , there be ... int . resistance base - day a alert : officer at they console , overlapping , urgent . ( continued ) continued : officer General , they shield be down ! c-3 po thank the Maker ! leia han do it ! send they in ! admiral statura give poe full authorization to attack . rear admiral gulch Black leader , go to sub-light . on you call . int . x- wing - day at lightspeed , poe pilot : poe Roger , base -- red squad , blue squad , take my lead . int . x- wing - day nien nunb pilot , acknowledge order in alien language . int . x- wing - day another pilot , zolo ziff . yolo ziff drop out of lightspeed . ext . space / starkiller base - day with concussive blast , the x-wing appear and roar past camera toward the starkiller base planet ! ext . starkiller base - clearing - day the crashed falcon , two park tie fighter and a troop transport vehicle beside it . ext . starkiller base - clearing - day at a distance , the x-wing drop from the sky , toward the hexagonal oscillator structure in the distance ! ext . starkiller base - above oscillator - day the squad of x-wing dive bomb the oscillator , the Black falcon lead . intercut between this and various x-wing . int . x- wing - day poe pilot : poe almost in range ! hit the target dead center , as many run as we can get ! int . x- wing - day snap pilot . SNAP approach target . int . x- wing - day nien nunb acknowledge . int . starkiller base - control room - day large explosion atop the distant oscillator , see through the large window ! alarm blare in here -- we pull back as hux move quickly to see the damage , he turn sharply to a first order Officer : general hux dispatch all squadron ... colonel datoo yes , General . int . x- wing - day poe let 's light it up ! dive bombing the oscillator , hitting it dead CENTER in quick succession ! int . x- wing - day lo. bastian direct hit ! ello asty but no damage ! jess react . poe yeah , we gotta keep hit it ! another bombing run ! remember , when that sun be go , that weapon will be ready to fire ! but as long as there 's light , we get a chance . int . x- wing - day a beeping from bb - 8 , riding in the back of he x-w , and poe look out -- can not believe what he 's see : dozen of tie fighter ! poe guy , we get a lot of company ! int . starkiller base - junction area - day Finn , han and chewie take cover , chewie pull some explosive out of the duffel . blast door nearby . finn we will use the charge to blow that blast door . I will go in and draw fire , but I be gonna need cover . han you sure you be up for this ? finn Hell no -- I will go in find and try to find rey -- ( improvise , fast ) -- the trooper will be on we tail . we have to be ready for that . there 's a access tunnel that will lead -- ( han start point with he chin to something behind finn ) why be you do that ? why be you do -- this ? I be try to come up with a plan . Finn turn -- and sees rey , climbing out from inside the wall , carefully climb back up to the main level ! he can not believe it ! chewie murmur he relief . han be maybe more grateful than anyone . int . resistance base - day a resistance technician turn to leia : admiral ackbar the oscillator 's still stand . officer x-wing come back for another round of attack ! int . starkiller base - corridor 6 - day rey climb up to the corridor , vigilant . she hear a SOUND , swoops she rifle at -- Finn , han and chewie ! she cannot believe it ! all Finn want to do be hug she -- and she he . ( continued ) continued : han be you all right ? rey yeah . han good . finn what happen -- do he hurt you ? rey Finn . what be you do here ?! finn we come back for you . she be speechless -- this be all she 's ever want anyone to do . chewie talk -- and rey 's eye nearly tear up . finn ( cont 'd ) what would he say ? rey ( shrug , smile , though nearly in tear ) ... that it be you idea . Finn awkwardly smile . it 's he nature . they embrace . rey ( cont 'd ) thank you . finn how do you get away ? rey I can not explain it . and you would not believe it . han escape now . hug later . ext . starkiller base - day the x-wing dogfight with the tie fighter on the surface of the snowy planet . intercut between the ship scream past each other , and the cockpit of the resistance and first order fighter . poe 's fighter nearly collide with a close - pass tie fighter ! SNAP I get one behind I . see it ? jess yeah , I be on it ! ( continued ) continued : a heavy cannon emplacement launch a missile that shred a x-w fighter . jess furillo 's be hit ! SNAP watch out for ground fire ! ext . starkiller base - day the x-wing roar across the sky , blasting and dodging the tie fighter and missile . pull back to reveal han , Finn , rey and chewie , who run out here , into the snow , stop , eye on the sky , watch the lop-side battle . the four heroe turn to each other , resolve in there eye . a long moment of communication . han they be in trouble . we can not leave . ( to Finn , be : chewie ) my friend here have a bag full of explosive . let 's use them . int . resistance base - day a resistance technician turn to leia : kaydel ko connix General , be you see this ? vober dand two more X -wing down . that 's half we fleet destroy . c-3 po and they weapon will be fully charge in 10 minute ! it would take a miracle to save we now . int . starkiller base - oscillator structure - near darkness han and chewie arrive here to find three security stormtrooper approach a maintenance hatch . instantly , chewie take out the middle one with he bowcaster . han and the other two stormtrooper OPEN FIRE , but han 's aim be true . alarm start blaring ! int . junction station - near darkness running inside from a park snowspeeder , rey open a service hatch . Finn behind she , as she reach into the mechanic of the place , very much like the very first shot we see of rey . and she yank a piece of tech from the machinery and : int . starkiller base - oscillator structure - near darkness the hatch open ! han and chewie , have be on the lookout , step inside , weapon poise . chewie moan . han that girl know she stuff . int . starkiller base - oscillator structure - near darkness han and chewie divide the explosive . talk in hushed tone . han we will set the charge at every other column . he groan / talk to han , who look around , reconsider . han ( cont 'd ) you be right . that 's a better idea . ( check he detonator ) you take the top . ( chewie doe ) I will go down below . detonator . we will meet back here . they head off in opposite direction . int . oscillator structure - near darkness han finish place a explosive . check he 's all - clear and hurry down to the next level . chewie climb up a level . int . oscillator structure - MAIN entrance - near darkness a squad of stormtrooper SNAP to alert as kylo ren approach . control be hit and the huge door open . without hesitation , kylo walk into the oscillator . int . oscillator structure - near darkness a colossal cylindrical structure . dark corridor and catwalk . kylo ren come to a stop . scan the structure . sensing something , he motion the stormtrooper squad upwards . kylo ren find they . they rush past he . kylo ren turn slowly , and head down . int . starkiller base - oscillator structure - near darkness the stormtrooper move up the ramp , weapon ready , check carefully where blind corner intersect from the perimeter . they come round to the next higher level and pass close to camera . when they have pass , tilt to find chewie , in the shadow of the grillwork . ( continued ) continued : once they be go , he plant another charge . ext . starkiller base - oscillator structure - near darkness the snowspeeder come to a stop outside the structure . Finn and rey stop for a moment , look to the sky : the SUN be nearly gone . int . oscillator structure - lower level - night han finish set a charge and be about to move on when he hear something and conceal himself behind a wide , vertical support . he peak around the edge and he whole demeanor change -- han be Pov : kylo ren appear and stop at the railing , look down into the filter . han look at he son with a torture storm of feeling . we're with kylo ren as he resume he hunt . he head directly toward where han be hiding ! kylo ren have a increasing sense of han' presence as he move closer . he come to where han be hide -- but han be nowhere to be see . from he hide place in a narrow , power chamber in the wall , han watch he son pass only a few feet in front of he . han shift he position in the tight compartment , so he can watch ren 's progress . kylo ren turn onto a flat bridge that bisect the open space . unaware of he father , kylo ren walk purposefully across to the opposite side . han watch he son walk off -- the clank - clank of kylo ren 's boot recede . this be han 's opportunity to escape but leia 's word echo through he mind . he make a decision and move out , to the edge of the catwalk . he call out , strongly : han Ben ! the name echoes as kylo ren stop , far across the vast catwalk . he turn . kylo ren han solo . I have be wait for this day for a long time . Finn and rey make they way into the space , open a hatch that allow a beam of precious sunlight to stream down like a spotlight on han and he son . Finn and rey get to a railing and look down . they can see and hear han and kylo ren on the catwalk below . ( continued ) continued : han take off that mask . you do not need it . kylo ren what do you think you will see if I do ? han move toward kylo ren . han the face of my son . kylo take off he mask . han be jolted -- see the face of he son for the first time as a man . kylo ren you son be go . he be weak and foolish , like he father . so I destroy he . han that 's what snoke want you to believe but it 's not true . my son be alive . several level below they , chewie come to the rail to watch . int . oscillator structure - lower level - near darkness kylo flare . kylo ren no. the Supreme leader be wise . up above , Finn , chewie and rey watch , rapt . stormtrooper dot the perimeter of the structure , watch the scene . on the bridge , han move closer , stern : han snoke be use you for you power . when he get what he want , he will crush you -- you know it 's true . kylo hesitates . somehow , he do know it . kylo ren it 's too late . han no it 's not . leave here with I . come home . we miss you . for the first time , kylo ren seem truly conflict . tear flood he stoic eye ... kylo ren I be be tear apart . I want to be free of this pain . int . oscillator structure - darkness fall han take one step toward he son , but stop himself . kylo ren I know what I have to do , but I do not know if I have the strength to do it . will you help I ? han hear he son 's voice again , pain and vulnerable . han yes. anything . kylo ren unholster he lightsaber and slowly extend it to han , within a foot of han 's chest . han almost can not believe it . the moment seem to last forever . and just then , the last beam of sunlight stream through the open hatch vanish . han actually smile -- and reach out for the dark weapon -- but with the light now go , kylo ren' eye fill with darkness , he ignite the lightsaber -- the fiery blade shoot out , right through han' chest and back ! kylo ren thank you . above , Finn and rey gasp -- scream -- finn ( panting ) solo . rey ( also panting ) no , no . han 's last moment be look into he son 's face . han be knee buckle . the blade tilt down with he ... until kylo ren extinguish it and han hold onto the catwalk -- he life slip away . finally han fall back , off the catwalk , into the depth of the structure ! int . resistance base - day leia , feel it instantly -- know -- drop into a seat , devastate . int . oscillator structure - night kylo ren be somehow weakened by this wick act . himself horrify . his SHOCK be break only when -- chewie cry out in agony ! chewie furiously fire at kylo ren , hitting he in the side ! kylo ren fall back , stunne . ( continued ) continued : we music take over , epic and heartbreaking as stormtrooper FIRE at chewie , who be force to retreat down a corridor , where he hold the explosive remote -- he push the button ! hear only our score , first one , then two , then four , then six explosion rock the structure -- catwalk fall as the wall cave in ! kylo ren sees rey and finn , watching the explosion in SHOCK -- then they see kylo ren , who recognize they both , with astonishment . he rise to he full height and head for they with long stride . stormtrooper begin to blast away at rey and finn ! craze , rey fire back as blast hit around her . finn wrap a arm around her and drag / carry her out of sight ! int . resistance base - day admiral ackbar the oscillator 's be damage but be still functional . commodore meta react . officer tabala zo Admiral , they weapon will fire in two minute . ext . forest - night from a distance the oscillator be ablaze and fracture from the explosive . then rey and Finn appear , come over a rise , run into a bare - tree snowy forest . finn the falcon 's this way . Finn and rey , overcome with emotion , race through the snowy forest -- until Finn slow and stop . rey stop too , both out of breath . they look at each other . they both know : they can not run . ext . starkiller base - forest - night kylo ren move through the tree -- until he stop . take out the saber , ignites it . a still figure amidst the gust of wind and snow . stand thirty feet away , facing he , be finn and rey . Finn hold luke's lightsaber , rey the stormtrooper blaster . kylo ren we be not do yet . rey you be a monster ! ( continued ) continued : kylo ren it 's just we now . han solo can not save you . after a beat , rey move forward with the blaster -- aim it ! kylo ren raise a hand -- rey struggle under he force power -- she can not fire -- he strain too , especially with the wound chewie inflicted . kylo ren gesture powerfully -- rey' blaster fly out of her hand -- another gesture and rey fly back and slam into a tree thirty foot away ! she drop -- land hard in the snow . daze , hurt . finn rey ! rey ! rey ... rey ... oh no . oh no no no ... Finn turn to she , afraid and concerned . but the SOUND of kylo ren' lightsaber move make Finn turn back to kylo ren , light by the glow yellow and red blade . kylo ren traitor ! in reply , Finn turn on luke's lightsaber -- upon see the weapon , kylo ren react in SHOCK . kylo ren ( cont 'd ) that lightsaber . it belong to I ! finn come get it . despite he fear , Finn raise he blade in welcome . kylo ren charge at he - Finn terrify -- kylo ren lunge but Finn deflect ren 's spark-spitting blade ! kylo ren turn , attack , cut -- amazingly Finn block , counter -attack -- clearly impresses kylo ren , who only enjoy this challenge more ! rey recover , get she bearing . her eye focus on the two man fight , through the tree . kylo ren be obviously hamper by he wound , yet he attack with a primal savagery -- Finn block , turn defensive move into offensive one . and he actually get a hit in ! luke's saber grazing kylo ren' arm ! kylo move back -- wounded , but more enraged than weaken . kylo ren charge again -- they weapon pound , SPARKS fly , they blade lock , the man be close , lit by the powerful , crashing saber : and kylo ren push finn back , attack with pure ferocity -- Finn be stunne -- unprepare for this fierceness . rey see this -- kylo ren unleash a merciless series of blows , push Finn further and further back until he lose balance . ( continued ) continued : that 's when kylo ren strike : he land a blow to finn' torso -- luke's lightsaber fly from finn' hand , thrown twenty feet ! kylo ren turn off he lightsaber and reach for luke be lightsaber -- beckone it with the force . luke's lightsaber vibrate in the snow . kylo ren gesture , increase he power -- luke's lightsaber finally fly out of the snow , bullet toward kylo ren -- -- and speed past he ! kylo ren turn to see luke's lightsaber land in the hand of rey , who stand , facing he , having reached for it herself , but utterly stunned that it land in her hand ! she be shocked -- and so be kylo ren ! holding it with both hand , she ignite luke's lightsaber for the first time , her eye blazing . kylo ren ignite he saber . it 's rey who charge now -- kylo ren immediately on the defensive . they battle powerfully -- he be clearly rock by she raw , innate skill . int . x- wing - night niv lek we just lose R- 1 ! jess we be overwhelm ! what do we do ? it be not work ! another pilot look down -- sees the explosion -- come from the oscillator . relatively small , it 's a open : yolo ziff Black leader , there 's a brand new hole in that oscillator . look like we friend get in ! poe Red four ! Red six ! cover we ! lo. bastian I be on it ! ello asty Roger ! poe everybody else , hit the target hard ! give it everything you get ! and the x-wing dive and blast the oscillator -- ext . starkiller base - oscillator - night another two x-wing -- include poe 's -- soar through the trench lead to the oscillator structure ! poe I need some help here ! I need some help ! lo. bastian I be come in ! jess watch out ! ello asty I be hit ! the alien pilot 's X -wing be blast to piece . poe all team - I be go in ! pull up and cover I ! niv lek copy that , Black leader ! good luck , poe ! the trail X -wing peel off as poe 's black fighter dart into the fiery breach . int . starkiller base - control room - near darkness outside , the SUN almost completely gone -- pull back through the window to reveal a starkiller technician : starkiller technician weapon at full capacity in thirty second . general hux prepare to fire . ext . starkiller base - oscillator - night poe 's x-w weave through the breach . a pursue tie fighter do not clear the gap , leave poe to circle the interior of the unguard structure , fire volley after volley of torpedoe . ext . starkiller base - oscillator - night the remain X - wing -- include poe 's -- blast the place -- and the structure begin to crater , deep underground explosion ! ext . forest - night amid the bare white tree , only two lightsaber -- luke be blue and ren' yellow -red -- illuminate the flurries of snow as rey and kylo ren battle hard . she seem to be , impossibly , stronger than he be for half a dozen blow -- until he find he strength and fight back -- moving forward and pushing rey back , into the forest . suddenly a colossal chunk of the forest right behind rey drop away ! rey be suddenly fight on the edge of a massive , brand new cliff ! kylo ren you need a teacher ! I can show you the way of the Force ! rey the Force . rey close she eye for a long beat . when rey open they , she be center , fortify , and she pound back , single handed swipe , hit ren 's gnarly , spitting saber with incredible force . it 's so fast now , so furious , that kylo ren fall back -- she attack harder ! ren get up again but she hit he saber' hilt -- he blade goe flying off , tumbling into the snow -- and she slashes again and again and hit kylo ren square in the head and chest . he goe down , suddenly a fearful man , a large burn scar slashed across he face ! he still reach for he saber . and she could kill he -- right now , with one vicious strike ! but she stop . realizing she stand on a great edge than even the cliff -- the edge of the dark side . the earth shake . the earth split . a gully form . int . starkiller base - control room - night the area where the rally be hold be now collapsing into a giant sink hole ! we whip pan to a young technician , who watch this out the control room window in horror . he hurry off , pass colonel datoo , who admonish : colonel datoo Lieutenant , get back to you station ! young technician ( stop , fleetingly ) just look . we will not survive -- even hux have go ! as he hurry off , we hear : general hux ( v.o. ) Supreme leader . int . starkiller base - assembly room - night hux stand before snoke's image . relative quiet here , but distant sound of destruction . hux try to keep it together but be horrify , heartsick : general hux the fuel cell have rupture . the collapse of the planet have begin . snoke take this in . furious , desolate ... know . snoke leave the base at once and come to I with kylo ren . ( grim ) it be time to complete he training . ext . forest - night rey turn , run a hundred foot through the forest to : finn , who lie , near death , not far from where the ground fell away . rey fall to she knee near he , turn he over , see he cauterize but possibly fatal wound . rey Finn ! Finn ... tear come to she eye as she lift he , hold he lifeless body in she arm . snow flurry around they as she cry , hold this boy who she just meet , who she already adore . they be leave here to die -- nearby more tree drop as the planet continue to collapse . and just as it seem like all be lose ... her wet eye look up to see : light rise from the newly - formed canyon -- it be a ship we know -- it's the millennium falcon -- and its light illuminate rey , whose face fill with hope ! chewie be at the control . he roar to they ! ext . falcon - night chewie exit the ship . moment later chewie carry finn up the ramp . rey hurry with they back into the ship -- int . falcon - night chewie carry Finn inside , follow by rey . ext . space - night and we fly with the falcon as it leave the planet -- we can see chewie and rey piloting , the collapsing planet behind US . the resistance x-wing , lead by poe , follow the falcon . int . x- wing - night poe all team ! I get eye on they ! SNAP yes ! the x-wing roar off , skyward as the music soar , the planet implode -- the sunlight it contain burst forth , and as we get further and further distance from what be starkiller base , we witness the rebirth of a SUN . Light restore to a corner of the galaxy . the millennium falcon and the x-wing rip through space , head home . poe we job 's do here . let 's go home ! ext . d'qar - day establishing shot as the falcon on the landing strip . ext . resistance base - day the falcon have land among the remain resistance ship . poe be there , watch as chewie scuttle down the ramp carry a unconscious Finn . Medical personnel and officer , meet they , usher they inside . medic easy , easy . he 's hurt . we have get a heartbeat . rey walk down the ramp and see , for the first time , leia . c-3 po and bb - 8 behind she . the crowd be cheer . rey be so sad for leia , so sorry . the two woman move for each other . and leia take rey 's face in she hand . despite she heartbreak , she be grateful . she embrace rey . a mother 's embrace . rey cry , too , in this emotional first meeting . int . resistance base - day chewbacca sit quietly , as do many in the base , mourn they loss . as bb - 8 approach r2 - D2 , the long dormant droid suddenly stir . the droid beep at each other . c-3 po r2 - D2 ! you have come back ! you find what ? how dare you call I that ! ( more ) ( continued ) continued : c-3 po ( cont 'd ) ( he swat r2 - D2 , who continue beeping ) find master luke how ? come , r2 ! we must go tell the other at once ! int . resistance base - day leia stand alone and in silence , heartbroken . c-3 po ( o.s. ) General ? Excuse I , General ? leia turn to see droid . c-3 po ( cont 'd ) r2 - D2 may contain some much need good news . leia tell I . rey stand with leia , poe c-3po , bb - 8 and a handful of resistance officer . suddenly r2-d2 project a hologram ! a large navigational map with a specific missing chunk ! bb-8 beeps -- poe turn to he -- poe yeah , all right , buddy , hold on -- poe run over -- remove the ancient data device that lor San tekka have give he from a base computer . he insert it back inside bb - 8 , who then project he map -- which he shrink down to size -- and the two droid move slightly -- together -- the two hologram unite , bb-8' piece filling in r2-d2' perfectly ! everyone react -- amaze -- c-3 po oh ! the map ! it be complete ! leia ( hand on she heart ) -- luke -- suddenly there be cheer and embrace . c-3 po lean down to r2 - D2 and say , quietly , sweetly : c-3 po ( to r2-d2 ) oh my dear friend . how I have miss you . int . resistance base - i.c.u . - day a new day . Finn , unconscious in a i.c.u. pod . his fate uncertain . rey sit with he . deeply worried . finally she lean in , close to he . she kiss he and say , quietly , despite she fear : rey we will see each other again . I believe that . thank you , my friend . ext . d'qar - day chewie do last minute check of the falcon . rey stand with leia a beat and then turn to head to the falcon . as rey walk off , she hear leia call out : leia rey . rey turn around . leia ( cont 'd ) May the Force be with you . this fill rey up . she smile gratefully . rey cross to the falcon . int . millennium falcon - cockpit - day rey sit in the pilot seat , chewie as co-pilot . rey look at he compassionately . rey flick switch and -- ext . d'qar - day the millennium falcon rise . leia , with poe , bb - 8 , and c-3po ( with he proper arm replace ) , watch the next generation of jedi begin she journey . ext . space - day the falcon fly through space and blast to lightspeed . ext . ahch - to - day a pristine and mighty ocean . Endless blue , dot with random , beautiful , mountainous black rock island , dot with countless GREEN tree . the millennium falcon fly into view , bank toward one of the island . ext . ahch - to island - day rey , she staff strapped to she back , begin she hike up the considerable mountain , glance back at chewie and r2- D2 , who watch she from the bottom of the ramp . a deep breath and rey continue she journey . ext . ahch - to island - stone stair - day built within the rock and foliage of this idyllic island be seemingly endless ancient stone step . rey continue to climb they , determine , despite she fatigue . ext . ahch - to island - stone structure - day rey arrive at a clear . small , modest , primitive stone structure . but no one around . rey walk past they , see , sense no one . and then she stop . feel something . she turn . stand forty foot away from she , he back to we , be a man , in a cloak and robe . rey stare , know exactly who it be . but she just stare for what seem like forever . until he finally turn , slowly , to she . pull back he hood . it be luke skywalker . older now , white hair , bearded . he look at rey . a kindness in he eye , but there 's something torture , too . he do not need to ask she who she be , or what she be do here . his look say it all . in response , rey pull something from the pack . luke's lightsaber . and she hold it out to he . a offer . a plea . the galaxy 's only hope . hold on luke skywalker' incredible face , amaze and conflict at what he see , as we music build , the promise of a adventure , just beginning ... the end