screenplay by Rick berman , Ronald D. Moore , brannon braga final draft March 16 , 1994 fade in : 1 ext . space ( vfx - I ) 1 a vast and sparkling starfield . a pinpoint of light appear and start move toward the camera ... a small and distant cylindrical object tumble end over end , but we can not determine exactly what it be yet ... 2 ext . wheatfield - day 2 a vast and undulate sea of wheat . we become aware that there be two head stick out of the stalk of wheat : two man be stand and look up at the sky . as we move towards they , we begin to hear they conversation ... and we can see that the two man be scotty and chekov , dress in civilian clothing . chekov ( point to sky ) there he be -- there , to the South ! scotty ( peer upward ) what be ye , blind ? that 's a bird . as they stare up at the sky ... 3 ext . space ( vfx - I ) 3 the cylinder tumble through space be now closer , and we can now see that it be a bottle of some sort , and it be tumble directly toward the camera ... 4 ext . wheatfield - day 4 as before , chekov and scotty stare at the sky . scotty ( concerned ) repelling the crystalline trench ... rafting down lava flow ... orbital skydiving . it 's like the man be run a bloody decathlon across the galaxy . suddenly we hear a double sonic boom . chekov ( be : sound ) that should be he now . I think he 's just cross the sound barrier . they shield they eye against the sun and look up . 5 ext . space ( vfx - I ) 5 the bottle get closer ... 6 ext . wheatfield - day 6 a man in a high - tech body harness and parachute land in the wheat flat on he back . his body - suit be char , scorched , wisp of smoke still curling off of it . there be small thruster attach to he backpack and boot . scotty and chekov move to he . the man remove he helmet . revealing that it be kirk . he smile broadly , like a child who have just come off a roller - coaster . kirk right on target ! I jump out over the Arabian Peninsula ... and I end up here , right on the dime . kirk get to he foot . chekov actually , Captain , you precise target area be thirty - five meter ... ( point ) that way . kirk thanks for point that out . kirk start to pull off he suit , react to a sudden pain in he back . kirk oh ... scotty I have warn ye about that back of yours . you should have a doctor take a look at it . kirk wave he away , and continue to remove he harness . 6a ext . space ( vfx - I ) 6 a the tumble bottle rush past , and we can now see that it be a champagne bottle - dom perignon , 2265 . follow the bottle as it tumble through space ... 6b ext . wheatfield - day 6 B kirk , scotty and chekov as before . kirk tomorrow I want to make a tri- elliptical jump . that 's where you jump out over Northern China , and make three complete orbit before you start re-entry ... chekov Captain . perhaps you have forget that tomorrow be the christen ceremony . this strike a nerve with kirk -- we see a flash of hesitation and irritation cross he face . kirk I be not go . ( beat ) scotty , help I with this chute . scotty what do you mean , you be not go ? we promise . kirk when I retire , I swore I would never set foot on a starship again , and I mean it . chekov Captain ... kirk ( firm ) I do not want to hear anymore about it . I be not go , and that 's final . 7 ext . space ( vfx - I ) 7 the champagne bottle smashes onto the bow of a federation starship ( excelsior class ) sit in its dock in orbit around Earth . 7a ext . space ( vfx - I ) 7a follow the shard of glass from the bottle as they spread over the ship ... revealing the name on the hull : u.s.s. enterprise ncc -1701 -b . 8 angle on spacedock window 8 a large picture window overlook the starship in its berth . the window be fill with people in starfleet uniform , applaud the christen of the ship ( but we hear nothing ) . 8a int . spacedock observation room ( vfx - I ) 8a the people be still applaud and we can see that they be look out over the ship in its berth . 8b ext . space - enterprise -b in spacedock ( vfx - I ) 8b the great ship sit in spacedock . 9 int . enterprise -b - bridge 9 close on a set of turbolift door as they slide open to reveal kirk , scotty and chekov . a bright light shine into they face and they react . move to reveal - that the bright light be come from a futuristic camera with a small bank of light attach to it . the camera be a holographic recorder with two lense and be wear on a operator 's head . there be four journalist cluster in front of the turbolift -- one associate with the camera , the other use padd to make notation . also cluster around the door be the bridge crew of the Enterprise - B . everyone be applauding as kirk and the other blink under the bright light and enter the Bridge . journalist ( overlap ) Captain kirk , how do it feel to be back on the Enterprise Bridge ... Captain , can I have a Minute ... Captain Scott , do you have any comment on ... Commander chekov ... etc . captain JOHN harriman push through the crowd . harriman Excuse I , excuse I ... there will be plenty of time for question later ... the journalist edge away , and the cameraman move to get a good angle . harriman ( continue , to all ) I be Captain John harriman . I would like to welcome you all aboard . kirk it 's we pleasure . harriman be young , confident , eager -- this be he first command and he take it very seriously . harriman I just want you to know how excited we all be to have a group of live legend with we on we maiden voyage . ( beat ) I remember read about you mission when I be in grade school . the original Enterprise officer all stop and give he a look . harriman look a little embarrassed -- he do not mean to insult they . but kirk give he a little smile , let it roll off . kirk well ... may we have a look around ? harriman please ... please . chekov see someone in the background , call out to she . chekov demora ! chekov move off . journalist ( breezy ) so , Captain ... this be the first starship Enterprise in thirty year without James T. kirk in command . how do you feel about that ? the journalist have unknowingly touch a nerve . kirk 's eye flash for a moment -- the longer he 's on this Bridge , the more he realize he do not feel good about it at all . he try to shrug it off with a smile . kirk just fine . I be glad to be here to send she on she way ... he try to move away from the journalist , who dog he . journalist what have you be do since you retire ? kirk I have be ... keep busy . at this point , chekov approach with a young , ( mid - twenty ) attractive , asian female ensign name demora . chekov ( to kirk ) Excuse I , Captain . I would like you to meet the helmsman of the Enterprise - B. ensign demora sulu -- Captain James kirk . demora it 's a pleasure to meet you , sir . my father 's tell I some ... interesting storey about you . kirk be shocked . for a long moment , he stare at she in amazement . kirk you father ... hikaru sulu be you father ? demora yes , sir . chekov you meet she once before , but she be ... chekov hold out he hand and indicate a very short height . kirk but that be not so long ago ... it could not have be more than ... chekov twelve year , sir . kirk yes ... well ... congratulation , ensign . it would not be the Enterprise without a sulu at the helm . demora thank you , sir . ( to chekov ) let I show you the new inertial guidance system . demora and chekov move off and kirk look after they for a long beat . the expression on he face change from shock to sadness ... something be clearly bother he . scotty move over to kirk , with a smile on he face . scotty ( to kirk ) damn fine ship if you ask I ... but kirk 's mind be still on demora . he watch she as she move to the helmsman 's position . kirk you know , scotty ... it amaze I . scotty and what would that be , sir ? kirk sulu . when do he find the time for a family ? scotty it 's like you always say -- if something 's important enough , you make the time . kirk nod absently . scotty realize something ... scotty so ... that 's why you have be run around the galaxy like a eighteen - year-old . find retirement a little lonely , be we ? kirk give he a look . kirk with that kind of tact , I be glad you be a engineer and not a psychiatrist . harriman interrupt . harriman Excuse I , gentleman ... if you will take you seat . kirk oh ... of course . 10 new angle 10 revealing that three chair have be neatly arrange to one side . scotty , kirk and chekov all take they seat . the journalist take position on the opposite side of the Bridge . harriman move to the command chair and the rest of the Bridge crew go to they station . harriman ( to all ) prepare to leave spacedock . aft thruster ahead one quarter , port and starboard at station keep . ( beat ) Captain kirk , I would be honore if you would give the order to get underway . kirk no ... no . thank you . harriman please , I insist . all eye on kirk -- he have little choice . he stand uncomfortably . there be a moment of anticipation . kirk ( to all ) take we out . everyone break into applause . kirk sit down in acute embarrassment and annoyance . chekov ( sotto ) very good , sir . scotty ( sotto ) bring a tear to my eye . CUT to : 11 ext . space - enterprise -b ( vfx - I ) 11 the great ship majestically leave the dock , and head out into open space , pass directly overhead . 12 int . enterprise -b - bridge 12 a short time later . harriman turn to he guest . harriman well ... we have just clear the asteroid belt . we course will take we out beyond Pluto and then back to spacedock . just a quick run around the block . ( beat ) if we have time , we will conduct a few test of the warp -- suddenly the communication console start to beep . the com officer hit a few command in response . com officer ( to harriman ) we be pick up a distress call , Captain . this grab everyone 's attention . harriman on speaker . we hear the voice of a crewmember who sound panicked and urgent . com voice ( fritze ) this be the transport ship lakul . we be catch in some kind of energy distortion . we can not break free ... need immediate help ... it ' tear we -- the voice be drown out by static . the science officer check something on he console . the journalist with the holo-camera turn on he light and pan it around to capture the action . science officer the lakul be one of two ship transport El - aurian refugee to Earth . harriman blink a couple of time , surprised at this unexpected turn of event . kirk watch he intently . harriman clear he throat , then turn to demora . harriman can you locate they ? demora the ship be bear at three one zero mark two one five . distance : Three light year . harriman signal the close starship . we be in no condition to mount a rescue ... we do not even have a full crew aboard . the navigator check he console . navigator we be the only one in range , sir . the holo-camera light be shine on harriman as he shift in he seat , hesitant to take the plunge . kirk be drum he finger impatiently on he leg . finally , harriman take a breath and straighten he jacket a bit . harriman well , then ... I guess it 's up to we . ( to demora ) helm , lay in a intercept course and engage at maximum warp . kirk fidget in he chair , itching to get in on the action - he instinct take over . scotty shoot he a side - long glance . scotty be there something wrong with you chair , Captain ? kirk give he a look . 13 ext . space - enterprise - B ( vfx - I ) 13 the ship snap into warp . 14 int . enterprise -b - bridge 14 a few minute later . demora be watch she console . demora we be within visual range of the energy distortion , Captain . harriman on screen . 15 include viewscreen ( vfx - I ) 15 which now show a huge ribbon of crackling ENERGY directly ahead of the Enterprise - B . everyone react to the bizarre sight . chekov what the hell be that ? demora ( off console ) I have find the transport ship . 15a include viewscreen ( vfx - I ) 15 a the viewscreen now show two transport ship trap like insect in the violent torrent of energy . the ship be be buffete and throw about by large tendril of crackling ENERGY . demora ( cont would ) they hull be start to buckle under the stress -- they will not survive much longer . the ship suddenly shake . the Navigator work he console . navigator we be encounter severe gravimetric distortion from the energy ribbon . harriman we will have to keep we distance ... we do not want to get pull in too ... harriman frown at the screen , try to figure out what to do . kirk can barely contain himself -- to he the answer be obvious . he blurt out the answer -- kirk tractor beam ... scotty quickly elbow he in the side -- this be not kirk 's ship . kirk shut up . harriman glance at kirk . harriman we do not have a tractor beam . kirk you leave spacedock without a tractor beam ? harriman it will not be install until Tuesday . ( beat ) ensign sulu ... try generate a subspace field around the ship . that might break they free . demora aye , sir . when kirk hear this order , he shake he head slightly and mouth the word " no " under he breath . he know that will not work . demora ( continue ; shake she head ) there 's too much quantum interference , Captain . harriman frown again , try to come up with another solution , but it be not easy -- it 's he first day in command ; he ship be under - manned and ill-prepare . it 's a nightmare come true . kirk be itching to get in on this , he finger digging into the arm of he chair -- but he restrain himself . harriman what about ... venting plasma from the warp nacelle ? that might disrupt the ribbon 's hold on the ship . navigator aye , sir .. release drive plasma ... a tense beat . harriman glance over at the journalist , then glance over at kirk . kirk give he a pain smile , try to be encourage even though he know this be not the right course of action . navigator ( continue ) it 's not have any effect , sir . I think -- demora Sir ! the starboard vessel 's hull be collapse -- 15b include viewscreen ( vfx - I ) 15 B suddenly the right -hand ship on the screen be engulf by a fiery tendril of energy and it explode . the other ship continue to be throw about and buffete . everyone react with shock on the Bridge . chekov how many people be aboard that ship ? demora two hundred sixty - five . harriman pale at the sight ... seem shell - shocked by the destruction of the ship . he 's overwhelm now , at a genuine loss as to what to do next . demora ( urgent ) the lakul 's hull integrity be down to twelve percent , sir . harriman look over at kirk , who have remain quiet during this entire sequence only through great effort and out of deference to the young Captain . this be a delicate moment -- harriman do not want to look incapable , but at the same time , he need help . harriman Captain kirk ... I would appreciate any ... suggestion you might have . kirk be out of he chair like a cork out of a bottle . he move down to stand next to harriman . kirk ( sotto ) first -- move we within transporter range and beam that people to the Enterprise . harriman look at he with surprise . harriman what about the gravimetric distortion ? they will tear we apart ... kirk ( gently ) Risk be part of the game if you want to sit in that chair . kirk give he a supportive look . harriman buckle down and grimly look at the image on the screen . harriman helm , close to within transporter range . kirk glance at the cameraman , who 's still shine the light on they all . kirk and second -- turn that damned thing off . the cameraman turn off the light . CUT to : 16 ext . space - enterprise - B ( vfx - I ) 16 the ship edge in yet closer to the crackle ribbon . the tendril from the ribbon lash out at the ship , just miss it . 17 int . enterprise -b - bridge 17 as before . demora we be within range , sir . harriman ( to lieutenant ) beam they directly to sickbay . chekov ( concerned ) how big 's you medical staff ? harriman ( embarrassed ) the medical staff ... do not arrive until Tuesday . chekov turn to the two journalist . chekov you and you . you have just become nurse . let 's go . chekov and the journalist exit to the turbolift . demora Main Engineering report fluctuation in the warp plasma relay . scotty by-pass the relay and go to auxiliary system . the lieutenant be have problem at the aft console . lieutenant Sir , I be have trouble lock onto they . they appear to be ... in some sort of ... temporal flux . kirk turn to scotty . kirk scotty ? scotty quickly move to look at the transporter console . scotty what the hell ... kirk move to he . scotty they life sign be ... be phase in and out of we space- time continuum . kirk phase ? to where ? scotty begin to work . navigator Sir ! they hull 's collapse ! 18 ext . space - the lakul ( vfx - I ) 18 the ship be destroy by a energy tendril . 19 int . enterprise -b - bridge 19 all eye on scotty . scotty I get forty - seven of they ... ( beat , grim ) ... out of one hundred fifty . suddenly the ship be rock violently . klaxon and alarm start to wail and the light flicker on and off . bulkhead explode , send metal fragment scream across the Bridge and killing the Navigator . scotty quickly take over the dead man 's console . kirk report ! demora we be catch in a gravimetric field emanate from the trail edge of the ribbon . harriman all engine , full reverse ! 20 ext . space - enterprise - B &amp ; ribbon ( vfx - I ) 20 the ship be turn sideways into the wake of the ribbon , but cannot break away . it be clearly be pull along , out of control . tendril leap up from the ribbon , lash against the ship . 21 int . enterprise -b- sickbay 21 the room be fill with the survivor of the lakul . they be all member of the el-auriaan race -- humanoid and dress in distinctive clothing . the survivor be in various state of shock . many sit on the floor , stare into middle distance . some lie on table , unconscious . other be mumble incoherently to themselves . chekov and the journalist be move from person to person try to get control of the situation as the ship be rocked and flung about . chekov have a tricorder . survivor ( incoherent , overlap ) the color be touch I ... I be catch in the glass ... help I ... I can see the second ... over here ... etc chekov it will be all right . we be go to take care of you . he look at the tricorder . chekov ( off tricorder ) only minor injury so far ... ( beat ) but it look like they be all suffer from some kind of neural shock . one journalist move past a man sit on a bio -bed with a daze look on he face . he have a nasty - look wound on one side of he face . ( we will later learn that this man be name doctor soran . ) the journalist be about to turn away when suddenly soran grab he roughly -- clearly a man of great strength -- and pull he close . soran 's eye be suddenly wild , craze . soran why ... why ? journalist it 's all right ... you be safe ... you be on the Enterprise . soran no ... I have to go ... I have to get back ... you do not understand ! let I go ! soran begin to attack the journalist , but before he can do any real damage , chekov inject soran with a hypospray and soran fall unconscious . journalist what be he talk about ? suddenly a woman with she back toward we stumble nearby . chekov quickly grab she arm and catch she before she fall . chekov easy there ... the woman turn around and we see she face for the first time -- it 's guinan . she seem daze and confuse . chekov smile at she warmly . chekov it 's go to be okay . here , just lie down . as he guide guinan onto a table ... 22 int . enterprise -b - bridge ( vfx - I ) 22 Energy ribbon on viewscreen . demora inertial damper fail . scotty engine not respond ! harriman be grip the arm of he chair with one hand . his face pale . harriman ( quiet ) I do not expect to die my first day on the job . kirk try to buck up the young captain . kirk ( sotto ) the first thing you learn as Captain be how to cheat death . ( beat , then louder ) scotty ? scotty ( outrage ) there 's just no way to disrupt a gravimetric field of this magnitude ! demora Hull integrity fail . kirk look at scotty expectantly for a moment . scotty ( continue ) but I do have a theory ... kirk I think you might . scotty a anti-matter discharge directly ahead ... it might disrupt the field long enough for we to break away . kirk a photon torpedo ? scotty aye . kirk ( quickly , to demora ) load torpedo bay , prepare to fire on my command . demora turn to he . demora Captain ... we do not have any torpedoe . kirk glance at harriman . kirk do not tell I ... Tuesday . harriman nod , a little embarrassed . the shaking get worse . scotty Captain , it may be possible to simulate a torpedo blast use a resonance burst from the main deflector dish . kirk ( onto the idea ) where be the deflector relay ? demora deck fifteen , section twenty - one alpha harriman ( to kirk ) I will go . you have the Bridge . harriman head for the turbolift , and there be a moment as kirk be sorely tempt to take command of the ship and sit in the Captain 's chair one more time . but he pull himself back before harriman can exit . kirk no ... a Captain 's place be on the Bridge of he ship . ( beat ) I will take care of it . harriman nod in acknowledgement . kirk head for the turbolift . kirk ( on the move , to scotty ) keep she together until I get back . scotty ( matter of fact ) I always do . kirk smile as the turbolift door slide shut ... 23 omitted 23 24 int . enterprise -b - corridor 24 kirk run down the corridor , open a door . 25 int . enterprise -b - deflector room ( continuous ) 25 a small control room with a few console . kirk rush in and rip off one of the large wall panel . he quickly begin to re-route cabling and circuitry ... 26 int . enterprise -b - bridge 26 as before . the ship be shaking badly . demora forty -five second to structural collapse ! scotty be work the console frantically . scotty Bridge to Captain kirk . intercut : 27 int . enterprise -b - deflector room 27 kirk work furiously . kirk kirk here . scotty Captain , I do not know how much longer I can hold she together ! kirk finish work and slam the wall panel close . kirk that 's it . go ! 28 int . enterprise -b - bridge 28 as before . harriman ( to demora ) activate main deflector . demora work the console . 29 ext . space - enterprise -b ( vfx - I ) 29 a large burst 0f ENERGY leap out of the main deflector dish and explode in front of the ship . there be a immediate reaction within the Energy ribbon , which roil and fluctuate in response . 30 int . enterprise -b - bridge 30 as before . scotty we be break free . 31 ext . space - enterprise - B ( vfx - I ) 31 the ship now begin to turn away from the crackle ribbon . but just as it 's turn , one final tendril of energy suddenly leap out and hit the ship . 32 omitted 32 33 int . enterprise -b - bridge 33 the ship be rocked so hard that everyone be knock off they foot . gradually , the shaking stop . demora scramble back into position . demora we be clear . everyone react with relief . harriman ( excited , to com ) you do it , kirk ! ( to demora ) damage report , ensign . demora ( off console ) there 's some buckle on the starboard nacelle ... ( react ) we have also get a hull breach in the Engineering section . emergency forcefield be in place and hold . scotty where ? demora section twenty through twenty - eight on deck thirteen ... fourteen ... ( look at scotty with meaning ) ... and fifteen . everyone turn around and look at scotty . scotty ( to com ) Bridge to Captain kirk. ( beat ) Captain kirk , please respond . still no response . scotty 's face fall . scotty ( continue , to demora ) have chekov meet I on deck fifteen . harriman , very concerned , get up and follow scotty . they exit to the turbolift . CUT to : 34 int . enterprise -b - corridor 34 scotty and harriman head down the corridor . they round a bend ... and then stop short . they react to something ahead of they ... 35 new angle ( vfx -p ) 35 revealing that the corridor ahead of they be gone . a jag hole have be rip in the ship and OPEN space can be see beyond the twisted metal . a forcefield flicker on and off , hold the vacuum of space at bay . scotty and harriman look at the awesome sight for a moment . chekov come run up the corridor behind they . he stop and react . chekov my God ... ( beat ) be anyone in there ? a long silent beat as scotty look out into space . scotty aye . 36 ext . space - enterprise - B ( vfx - I ) 36 a huge chunk have be rip out of the Engineering section , look like a open wound . scotty , chekov , and harriman can be see stand inside the small corridor , look out into space ... 37 int . enterprise -b- bridge 37 a short time later . scotty , harriman and chekov be listen to demora , who be work the helm console . demora I have check the entire ship and the surround space . there 's no sign of he . a silent moment . chekov look to scotty , hope to hear some sort of miracle . scotty take a moment look at the empty command chair . then he shake he head . a long beat as everyone be force to accept this terrible truth . scotty ( quiet ) just a quick ... run around the block . chekov I never think it would end like this ... scotty all thing must end , Mr. chekov . harriman finally break the stillness of the Bridge . harriman let 's go home . harriman step down to the Captain 's chair and take command of he ship . scotty and chekov exchange a final look . off the reaction of this two friend who have just lose someone very dear to they both ... CUT to : 38 ext . space - enterprise - B ( vfx - I ) 38 the crippled ship turn and head away ... fade to black . super : seventy -eight year later ... 39 close on a halyard 39 as a flag be quickly hoist to the top of a mast . the flag reach the top and be then catch by the wind -- the blue and white banner of the United federation of planet wave in the breeze . move to reveal the location 40 ext . sailing vessel - day 40 a nineteenth - century three - masted sailing vessel ( about the size of a frigate ) be hove - to and sit in the water gently rock . across the stern of the ship , we can see the name enterprise pick out in gold letter . 41 on the MAIN deck 41 where picard and riker be stand before the assemble crew of the ship . everyone be dress in full - dress naval uniform of the period , complete with cocked hat , epaulette , etc . the crew be stand at attention ... the wind whistle through the rigging ... the timber creak ... picard grimly look over he crew ... then finally he nod to riker . riker bring out the prisoner ! a drummer begin a long drum roll . 42 on a hatch 42 as worf be bring on deck by troi and geordi . worf be shackle by hand and leg iron . troi and geordi hold he by either arm and shove he toward the Captain . the drum roll stop . picard move to worf and peer at he closely . picard mister worf ... I always know this day would come . be you prepare to face the charge ? worf do not answer and troi jab he in the side . troi answer he ! worf I be prepare . picard look to riker , who then pull out a large , roll piece of parchment . he open the scroll and begin to read from it . in the b.g. geordi remove worf 's shackle . riker " we , the officer and crew of the u.s.s. Enterprise , be of sound mind and judgment , hereby make the follow charge against Lieutenant worf : one . that he do knowingly and willfully perform above and beyond the call of duty on countless occasion . two . that he have be a good and solid officer on this ship for one score less twelve year . and Three . most seriously ... that he have earn the respect and admiration of the entire crew . " riker put away the scroll picard there can be only one punishment for such crime ... ( beat ) I hereby promote you to the rank of Lieutenant Commander , with all the rights and privilege thereto . and may God have mercy on you soul . everyone roar in approval . picard smile at worf and shake he hand . picard ( cont would ) congratulation , Commander . worf ( smile ) thank you , sir . picard continue to smile at he for a moment ... then riker step in . riker extend the plank !! worf 's face register surprise as everyone grab he and haul he toward the side , where a long plank be be push out over the water . crewmembers into the sea with he ... feed he to the shark ... walk the plank ... etc . picard give riker a question look . picard do not you think you be take this a little too far , number one ? riker when we go to ancient Rome for deanna 's promotion , we throw she to the lion , remember ? picard shrug it off ... it 's not exactly he cup of tea , but he will go along with it . worf be hustle to the rail where beverly be wait patiently by the plank , hold a long pike . worf be put on the plank and crusher prod he with the pike until worf be nearly at the end . worf finally stop and turn around . worf ( a shout ) wait !! everyone fall silent a moment . worf look over the side at the water below . worf ( a little embarrassed ) I can not swim . LA forge ( calmly , to worf ) the holodeck safety program be engage ... the computer will not let you drow . beverly but the shark be quite convincing . beverly prod he with the pike and worf fall into the sea with a huge splash . everyone laugh and cheer . reveal data , who be stand near the side rail , look a little confuse at the reaction . data ( to beverly ) Doctor , I must confess I be uncertain as to why push someone into freezing , shark - infest water be amusing . beverly it 's all do in good fun , data . get in the spirit of thing . data ah . data think a moment , then he lift beverly with one hand and hold she over the rail . beverly data ... data -- ! data let go and beverly plummet into the ocean . data look around -- no one be laugh . they all look a little surprised . geordi data. that be not funny . data be puzzle by the reaction of the crowd ... he 's more confuse than ever . 43 picard and riker 43 be stand on the quarterdeck as a very wet beverly come up on deck . picard well , now that we be all aboard ... ( beat , then smile ) number one , bring the ship before the wind . ( savore the moment ) let 's see what 's out there . riker aye , aye , sir . ( to troi ) take the wheel , Commander . troi take the ship 's wheel . riker ( shout ) all hand make sail ! raise up tack and stand by the brace ! the crew spring into action ... rush to they place aloft and on deck ... grab rope and line ... start to unfurl the sail ... trimming the yardarm ... get the ship ready to sail . 44 44 thru omitted thru 45 45 46 picard and riker 46 picard be drink in the scene with a look of great satisfaction and contentment . picard imagine what it be like , will . no engine ... no computer ... just the wind , the sea and the star to guide you . riker bad food , brutal discipline ... ( beat ) no woman . but picard will not let riker rain on he parade -- he 's thoroughly enjoy himself . com voice Bridge to Captain picard . picard picard here . com voice there be a personal message for you from Earth . picard ( annoyed ) put it through down here . ( to riker ) but the best thing about a life at sea be that they could not get to you . picard walk toward the bow . picard ( to com ) Computer , arch . 46a angle ( vfx -p ) 46 a a u-shape arch with several computer panel visible appear on the forecastle . it 's a strange sight to see a piece of the 24th century on the deck of this ship . picard go to the arch and activate one of the monitor and wait for the transmission to appear . 46b new angle ( vfx -p ) 46b a text message appear and he start to read it . after a moment , he react with shock and dismay to something on the screen . 47 on troi 47 whose attention have be draw to picard , at the arch . she react with concern at the expression on he face . troi ( to crewmember ) here . take the wheel . troi move toward the bow . 48 on picard ( vfx -p ) 48 whose face be now ashen with shock . clearly he have just read something on the screen which be very disturbing . he stare into the middle distance for a moment . troi move to he . troi ( quiet ) Captain , be you all right ? picard yes. Fine . if you will excuse I ... he turn off the screen . picard Computer , exit . 48a angle ( vfx -p ) 48a the holodeck door appear within the arch . picard be clearly distract as he exit to the corridor . troi look after he with concern . 49 new angle 49 favore riker . he take a couple of step toward worf . riker set the royal and the studd sail , mister worf . worf look at he blankly for a moment . worf the Royal ... stud ...? riker ( smile , point aloft ) you see the top yardarm , now look to the -- suddenly a com voice interrupt . com voice Bridge to Commander riker . riker riker here . com voice we be pick up a distress call from the amargosa observatory , sir . they say they be under attack . riker ( to all ) Red alert ! all hand to Battle station ! Captain picard to the Bridge . everyone on the ship react , and there be a general rush to the bow of the ship ... CUT to : 50 ext . space - enterprise -d ( vfx - I ) 50 the great ship at impulse . we follow it and then see ahead of the ship , a small solar observatory with a complex optical array . the observatory bear scorch mark and other sign of recent battle . ( in the b.g. a yellow SUN can be see . ) 51 int . bridge ( vfx - I ) 51 picard in command . riker , troi , worf and data at they station they do not have time to change , so they be all still dress in they costume from the ceremony . the ship be at Red alert . the image of the burnt - out observatory be on the viewscreen . riker it look like we be too late ... worf ( off console ) there be no other ship in the system . data sensor show five life sign aboard the station , Captain . riker the station complement be nineteen . a grim beat . picard get up and start head for the ready room - he attitude be dismissive , almost irritate that this have interrupt some deeper concern of he . picard secure from Red alert . number one , begin a investigation . I will be in my ready room . troi and riker exchange a surprised look . riker Sir ? picard ( hard ) make it so . picard exit . a awkward beat . what 's wrong with the Captain ? but they have they order . as riker and worf head for the exit ... CUT to : 52 int . observatory - ops CENTER ( vfx - p ) 52 the station be a smoking ruin -- console flicker , light dim , damage everywhere . only a few minute have pass since they be attack . riker , worf , beverly and two security guard materialize . they be all back in uniform , hold phaser and palm beacon . worf have a tricorder and beverly have a medical kit . the room be cramped , there be fall bulk -head and blow - out console . the debris make it difficult to get a clear view of the room . worf this blast pattern be consistent with type-three disruptor . riker well , that narrow it to klingon , breen or romulan . beverly follow she tricorder reading . beverly I be pick up life sign ... about twenty meter ahead . worf that rule out klingon . riker give he a look . worf they would not have leave anyone alive . beverly over here . they pick they way carefully through the carnage of the station ... and come to the body of a starfleet Science Officer . he have take a disruptor blast to the back and there be a nasty - look scorch mark on he uniform . beverly immediately take some device out of she medical kit and begin to treat he . riker worf , you be with I . paskall , you and mendez search the upper deck . the Security Guards climb a nearby ladder while riker and worf head down a dimly - light corridor . riker stop at two body in the hall , check they over -- but they be dead . there be a sudden bang from the far corner of the room . worf and riker quickly move to a collapse bulkhead . worf under here ... they both grab hold of a large metal plate , pull it aside and begin to dig through the debris . finally , a hand can be see grasp about from within the pile of rubble . riker and worf work faster . worf grab the man 's hand . worf it 's all right ... do not struggle . worf hold the man 's hand as riker shove away a final console . we reveal the head and torso of Doctor soran , one of the survivor from the lakul ( and last see in sickbay aboard the Enterprise - B ) . soran have not age at all over the year but he do have a permanent scar on he face from the earlier wound . he blink a few time , seem a little daze . riker I be Commander William riker of the starship Enterprise . soran soran ... Doctor tolian soran ... soran put a hand to he head , still try to get he bearing . riker who attack you , Doctor ? soran I be not sure ... it happen so fast ... security officer ( call out ) Commander -- you would better take a look at this . riker and worf move to the ladder as beverly begin to scan soran ... 53 new angle - upper deck 53 riker and worf move over to the two Security Guards who be kneel over a dead body which be obscure from view . one guard turn over the body , revealing a romulan soldier . worf look at he in disgust . worf romulan . riker and worf exchange a look . off they reaction ... CUT to : 54 int . data' quarter 54 data be sit in a chair , petting spot the cat . geordi be stand next to he . data be she still angry ? geordi no ... but I would stay out of sickbay for a while if I be you . I still do not know why you drop she in the water . data I be attempt to ... get in the spirit of thing . I think it would be humorous . data frown . troubled by this recent experience . he put Spot down and move to a bulkhead . he activate a control panel and a small compartment slide OPEN , revealing a small computer chip which be suspend in a glass and metal framework . data look at the chip for a beat and geordi move to he in concern . geordi data ... you be not think about use that thing be you ? data it have occur to I on several occasion . but I believe this may be the appropriate time . geordi wait a minute . I think you have always be afraid it would overload you neural net . data that be true . however , I believe my growth as a artificial life form have reach a impasse . for thirty - four year I have endeavor to become more " human " - to grow beyond my original programming . and yet I be still unable to grasp such a simple concept as humor . ( be : chip ) this emotion chip be the only answer . geordi consider a moment , look at the chip ... and reluctantly have to agree . geordi all right ... data sit down and La Forge move to stand behind he . geordi but at the first sign of trouble , I be go to deactivate it . agree ? data agreed . geordi work on data 's head for a moment , and then open a panel on data 's head , revealing the blink circuitry within . CUT to : 55 int . ready room 55 riker be stand next to picard , who have he back turn and be stare out the window . picard seem distract during the scene , he mind clearly elsewhere as riker finish he report . riker we find two dead romulan aboard the station . we be analyze they equipment to see if we can determine what ship they come from . picard nod absently . picard there 's still no indication of why they attack the station ? riker we think they be look for something -- they practically tore the place apart . picard hmm ... ( beat ) inform starfleet Command . this could indicate a new romulan threat in this sector . riker you want I to contact starfleet ? picard be there a problem ? riker no , sir . picard thank you , number one . picard keep he back turn , look out the window . riker hesitates , awkward . riker there be something else , Captain . one of the scientist . a Doctor soran ... have insisted on speak with you . ( beat ) I tell he you be busy , sir , but he say it be absolutely imperative that he speak with you right away . picard understood . that will be all . riker Sir ... be there anything wrong ? picard no . thank you . a beat , then riker turn and exit . off picard 's unreadable face ... CUT to : 56 int . ten forward 56 the room be bustling with patron and activity . data enter with a odd look on he face ... he body language subtly alter . he be look at the world through new eye . geordi be follow he closely , watch he every move . they move to the bar . guinan come over -- she have not age at all since the Enterprise - B . she set down a exotic-looking container full of dark liquid . guinan you two just volunteer to be my first victim . ( be : liquid ) this be a new concoction I pick up on forcas Three . trust I , you be go to love it . she pour two glass of the liquid . data take one and sniff it , then take a drink . geordi watch he closely . data frown . geordi well ...? data I believe the beverage have provoke a emotional response . geordi really ? what do you feel ? data I be uncertain . I have have little experience with emotion ... I be unable to articulate the sensation . guinan emotion ? geordi I will explain later ... data finish the drink ... concentrate , try to make sense of the rush of feeling . his expression be one of disgust . guinan ( to geordi ) I do not think he like it . data ( excited ) yes . that be it . I hate it . geordi data , I think the chip be work ... data look at geordi with a big smile on he face . data yes . I hate this ! it be revolting ! beat . guinan another round ? data please . in the b.g. , we see picard enter ten forward . 57 follow picard 57 as he walk through ten forward and head toward a table by the window . soran be sit at the table , stare out at the star , lose in think . his observatory uniform be distinctive , and set he apart from everyone else in the room . picard walk up to the table . picard Doctor soran ...? soran yes , yes , Captain -- thank you for come . the man shake hand and picard sit down . soran be a impose physical presence , but at the moment he seem very much the eccentric scientist consume with he work . picard wave away a waiter . picard nothing for I . ( brusque , to soran ) I understand there 's something urgent you need to discuss with I . soran yes . I need to return to the observatory immediately . I must continue a critical experiment I be run on the amargosa star . picard 's reaction be a little impatient -- this do not sound that imperative to he . picard Doctor ... we be still conduct a investigation into the attack . once we have complete we work , we will be happy to allow you and you fellow scientist back aboard the observatory . until then -- soran the timing be very important on my experiment -- if it be not complete within the next twelve hour , year of research will be lose . picard we be do the best we can . now if you will excuse I ... picard move to stand , but soran reach out and gently but firmly grab he by the arm . the unexpected physical contact and the change of intensity in soran 's face stop picard in he track . soran ( cryptically ) they say time be the fire in which we burn ... and right now , Captain , my time be run out . ( beat ) we leave so many thing unfinish in we life -- I be sure you can understand . for some reason , soran 's word have strike a deep chord within picard . he look away from soran 's compelling gaze and think for a long moment . when he finally speak , he voice be barely above a whisper . picard I will see what I can do ... picard walk away without a word before soran can thank he . soran look after he with relief , then pull out a antique pocket watch and open it . he look at the watch for a long moment . then snap it close and head for the opposite exit from the one picard take . follow soran across ten forward ... until he suddenly stop in shock at something he see ... 58 soran' Pov 58 of guinan , who be now back at the bar . 59 resume soran 59 a dark look cross he face -- he be disturb by the sight of guinan . he quickly turn and exit . 60 on guinan 60 she begin to sense something , as though someone be watch she . she turn , look in the direction where soran be just stand , but there 's no one there now . she shake off the feel and go back to work . CUT to : 61 int . engineering 61 a short time later . a romulan tricorder be connect to some diagnostic equipment near a console . worf be talk to riker . worf activate a monitor which show a complex diagram of sensor information . worf one of the dead romulan have a tricorder . we analyze its sensor log and find they be scan for signature particle of a compound call trilithium . riker trilithium ? worf a experimental compound the romulan have be work on . in theory , a trilithium - base explosive would be thousand of time more powerful than a anti-matter weapon . but they never find a way to stabilize it . riker why be they look for it on a federation observatory ? it do not make any sense . riker consider . riker ( cont would ) have geordi and data go over with the next away team ... tell they to scan the observatory for trilithium . worf aye , sir . CUT to : 62 int . observatory ops 62 the station be still a wreck . geordi and data be scan the room with tricorder . geordi ( off tricorder ) there 's no sign of any trilithium in here . geordi continue to scan ... then suddenly data let out a quiet giggle . geordi stop and turn to look at he . data giggle louder . data ( laugh , to himself ) I get it . I get it . geordi you get what ? data laugh again . data when you say to Commander riker ... ( imitate geordi 's voice ) " the clown can stay , but the ferengi in the gorilla suit have to go . " geordi look blankly at he for a moment . geordi what ? data during the farpoint mission . we be on the Bridge and you tell a joke . that be the punch line . geordi the farpoint mission ? data , that be seven year ago . data I know . I just get it . ( laugh ) it be very funny . geordi thanks . geordi indicate a corridor . they exit in that direction ... 63 int . observatory corridor - continuous 63 a short corridor connect the ops Center with other compartment . geordi suddenly stop in front of what appear to be a standard bulkhead . geordi wait a minute ... there 's a hide doorway here . I can see the joint of the metal with my visor . geordi run he finger in a vertical line along what appear to be a smooth bulkhead . data ( off tricorder ) there appear to be a dampen field in operation . I can not scan beyond the bulkhead . geordi put he tricorder away and begin look for a way to open the door . geordi I do not see a control panel ... or a access port . data ( off tricorder ) it appear to be a magnetically seal . data step forward and open a small panel on wrist and make a quick adjustment to the circuitry within . data I believe I can reverse the polarity by attenuate my axial servo . data complete he adjustment and then move he wrist over the door panel . data ( joke ) " open sesame . " there be a humming sound follow by a loud click . the door slide open . data ( smile ) you could say I have a ... magnetic personality . geordi react to the bad pun with a grimace . they exit to . 64 int . observatory probe room - continuous 64 a small room with several probe stack in hold rack . geordi and data scan . geordi I be still not pick up anything . someone go to a lot of trouble to shield this room . they put they tricorder away and begin look around the room . data continue to snicker and giggle as he try not to laugh at joke he mind conjure up . geordi begin inspect the probe ... finally stop at one probe which have several odd device attach to the side . geordi data , take a look at this . ( data come over ) you ever see a solar probe with this kind of configuration ? data use the tricorder as if it be a puppet as he open and close it like a mouth . data ( make tricorder " talk " ) no , geordi . I have not . it be most unusual . data giggle and geordi react with the irritation of someone listen to a very bad comedian . geordi just help I get this panel open . data help geordi as they try to open a panel on the case of the probe . they open the panel and geordi look inside .he react to something . geordi whoa. my visor be pick up something in the theta band ... it could be a trilithium signature . data suddenly start laughing . geordi turn in irritation . geordi data , this be not the time ... data ( laugh ) I be sorry ... but I can not stop myself ... I think something be wrong ... 64a angle ( vfx -p ) 64a data 's laughter escalate into hysteria ... then data begin to jerk and shake and go into a bizarre " emotional seizure . " a rush of emotion race across he face . anger , passion , shock ... a kaleidoscopic blur of reaction contort he feature . then it stop and he fall to the ground . geordi data ! geordi rush to he . data have a look of surprise on he face as he blink a few time . he sit up . geordi data , be you all right ? data I believe the emotional chip have overload my positronic relay . geordi we better get you back to the ship. ( hit combadge ) La Forge to Enterprise . there 's no response . geordi frown for a beat , then we hear soran 's voice . soran be there a problem , gentleman ? 65 include soran 65 stand in the room . geordi do not hear he come in . geordi oh ... Doctor ... yeah , as a matter of fact , there be . there 's a damp field in here block we com signal . ( be : data ) will you give I a hand ? over the above dialogue , soran glance over at the solar probe geordi be inspect . he note the open panel and a disturb look cross he face . soran look back at geordi . soran I would be happy to . soran move toward they . and then without warning , he punch geordi in the face , knocking the visor across the room . he whirl around and point a phaser at data , who suddenly look fearful . data please do not hurt I . CUT to : 66 int . picard quarter 66 picard be stand at the replicator . picard tea. Earl grey . hot. the cup of tea appear in the replicator and at the same moment , the door chime . picard come . troi enter . picard would rather not be bother right now , but he be polite as always . picard counselor . what can I do for you ? troi actually ... I be here to see if there 's anything I can do for you . picard well ... I appreciate you concern , but I would rather not discuss it right now , thank you . but troi will not be brush away so easily . troi I be afraid I can not just leave it at that . the commanding officer of this ship be clearly distraught about something . as ship 's counselor , it 's my duty to -- picard as ship 's counselor , it 's you duty to know not only when you be need ... but also when you be not . troi you can not fool a empath , Captain . I know exactly when I be need . picard be really not in the mood for this . his tone harden . picard well , with all due respect to you betazoid sense , I prefer to be alone right now . troi very well . I suppose I could make out my weekly report to starfleet Command without you input . ( beat ) " Admiral lusby ... regard the unusual behavior of Jean -luc picard : I find he increasingly irritable ... remote ... and uncooperative . I recommend force shore leave at a starbase facility in order to -- " picard all right , all right . you have make you point . troi take a seat and patiently wait . picard get up . move around the room for a moment ... and stop . he speak in a flat , unemotional tone of voice . picard the message I receive ... ( beat ) my brother ... and he son -- my nephew -- burn to death in a fire . troi react , genuinely surprised . troi Captain , I be sorry . ( beat ) I know there be a lot of unresolved conflict between you and you brother . picard what I can not get out of my mind be the image of rene -- my nephew . I just can not believe he 's go ... he trail off . troi it 's only natural to feel a heighten sense of tragedy when a child die ... ( sense more ) but it go deeper than that , do not it ? I can sense that rene mean a great deal to you . picard in a way , he be as close as I ever come to have a child of my own . troi eye a open photo album on the table . she reach over and flip through the page for a moment . there be many photo inside ... from many period in time include one of picard 's brother stand next to he young son . this be the picard family album . troi you family history be very important to you , be not it ? picard ( nod ) ever since I be a little boy , I remember hearing about the family line . the picard that fight at trafalgar ... the picard 's that settle the first martian colony . when my brother marry and have a son ... picard hesitates -- this be difficult for he . troi ... you feel it be no longer you responsibility to carry on the family line . picard ( nod ) my brother have shoulder that burden ... allow I to pursue my own selfish need ... troi there 's nothing selfish about pursue you own life ... you own career . picard move to the window , stare outside . a shadow cross he face . he 's get to the heart of the matter . picard you know , counselor ... I be not get any young . for some time now , I have be aware that there be fewer day ahead than there be behind ... ( beat ) but I always take comfort in the fact that when I be go , my family would continue . but now ... picard move back to the photo album , open it to the last page , a then flip through the remain page -- they be blank . picard I have have brushes with death ... more than I care to contemplate . I always accept it as a calculate risk that go along with wear this uniform . ( beat ) but now ... the idea of death have a terrible sense of finality to it . he look at she . picard I be the last picard . a quiet beat as troi consider he . troi Captain , perhaps we -- suddenly , a blinding burst of light from outside the window wash into the room . troi and picard rush to the window and shield they eye against the glare . riker's com voice Red alert ! all hand to duty station ! CUT to : 67 67 thru omitted thru 68 68 69 int . bridge ( vfx - I ) 69 picard and troi enter from a turbolift . riker and worf at they station . the star be on the viewscreen , get darker by the second ... more flame debris be be eject into space . picard report . riker a quantum implosion have occur within the amargosa star . all nuclear fusion be break down . picard how be that possible ? worf sensor record show a solar probe be launch from the observatory a few moment ago . riker the star 's go to collapse in a matter of minute . something beep on worf 's console . worf Sir , the implosion have produce a level twelve shock wave . troi ( shocked ) level twelve ? that will destroy everything in this system . transporter com voice transporter room to Bridge . I can not locate Commander La Forge or mister data , sir . riker ( to worf ) do they return to the ship ? worf ( work ) no , sir . they be not aboard . picard how long until the shock wave hit the observatory ? worf four minute , forty second . picard look at riker , who then quickly head for the turbolift . riker mister worf . riker and worf exit . 70 ext . space - the STAR ( vfx - I ) 70 the star be almost entirely dark . radiating out from the star be a huge shock wave - a rapidly grow sphere of energy . 71 int . observatory probe room ( vfx - p ) 71 soran be stand at a console watch a graphic depiction of the star 's collapse on a monitor when the door suddenly open . soran whirl around and fire he phaser at riker and worf . they dive for cover just outside the room . ( note : the probe geordi examine earlier be now go . ) riker ( to worf ) what the hell 's he do ? worf dodge another phaser blast and see geordi lie unconscious on the deck . data be nowhere to be see . picard com voice Enterprise to Commander riker , you have two minute leave . riker ( yell to soran ) soran , do you hear that ? there 's a level twelve shock wave come . we have get to get out of here ! soran 's only answer be another phaser blast . 71a omitted 71a 72 int . bridge 72 as before . ensign haye be at tactical . a alarm suddenly beeps on the tactical console . haye ( urgent ) sir. a klingon Bird of prey be decloak off the port bow . shock reaction . picard what ? 73 ext . space ( vfx - I ) 73 as a old - style klingon Bird of prey decloak near the observatory . 74 int . observatory probe room ( vfx - p ) 74 soran be continue to shoot at riker and worf . riker suddenly notice something off-camera . 74a riker's Pov 74a data be huddle in a corner of the room , cower in fear . 74b new angle ( vfx -p ) 74b the firefight continue . riker data ! see if you can get to geordi ! data look up at he with a terrify look on he face . data I ... cannot , sir . I believe I be ... afraid . suddenly soran 's communicator beeps . soran reach down and grab the unconscious geordi by the collar and the two of they dematerialize . ( soran have the visor in he hand . ) riker , data and worf react . 75 ext . space - the klingon ship ( vfx - I ) 75 the Bird of prey cloak and vanish . 76 int . bridge 76 as before . transporter com voice transporter room to Bridge . I have the away team aboard , sir . picard ( to con ) helm , warp one , engage . 77 ext . space - enterprise &amp ; observatory ( vfx - I ) 77 the Enterprise warp away just as the shock wave reach the observatory and vaporize it in a fiery explosion . CUT to : 78 int . klingon bird of prey - bridge 78 on a monitor where we can see a graphic depiction of the darken star and shock wave . move to reveal we be the inside a old klingon ship - it 's beat up and patch in several place , obviously not a first - line model . watch the viewscreen be lursa and b'etor , two powerful - look klingon woman ... they be sister . aggressive ... seductive ... and very dangerous . several n.d. male klingon man the various station . the sister stare at the image of the destroy sun in awe . b'etor toh-pak-cha ... ( glorious ... ) lursa hos qor du ... ( a great power ... ) soran now enter the Bridge . his expression be dark and angry . he be clearly not a prisoner here and he stride up to the sister . b'etor ( excited , to soran ) you have do it , soran . but without warning , soran hit b'etor squarely in the jaw , knock she back over a console . several klingon leap to they foot , draw they weapon ... but b'etor hold up a hand as she get to one knee . b'etor wait ! she dab a trickle of blood at the corner of she mouth ... she expression be angry and threaten . b'etor I hope for you sake that you be initiate a mate ritual . soran you get careless . the romulan come look for they miss trilithium . b'etor impossible . we leave no survivor on they outpost . b'etor have now get to she foot in the b.g. soran they know it be aboard the observatory . if the Enterprise have not intervene , they would have find it . lursa but they do not find it ... and now we have a weapon of unlimited power . soran I have the weapon , lursa . and if you ever want I to give it to you , I advise you to be a little more careful in the future . b'etor grab soran and hold a wick - look knife to he throat . b'etor perhaps we be tired of wait . soran be unfaze by this threat . soran without my research ... the trilithium be worthless ... as be you plan to reconquer the klingon Empire . lursa reach out and calmly push she sister 's knife away . soran set course for the veridian system . maximum warp . lursa ( to helm ) bosh-ta -jah veridian ( set course for veridian ) a klingon guard enter drag the unconscious geordi . klingon guard what shall I do with this ? soran move toward geordi , a grim look on he face . soran bring he with I . I need some answer from Mr. La Forge . soran exit . CUT to : 79 omitted 79 80 int . corridor 80 riker and worf be on the move down the corridor . worf I have speak to the klingon High Council , sir . they identify the Bird of prey as belong to the duras sister . riker ( surprised ) lursa and b'etor ...? this do not make any sense . a renowned stellar physicist somehow use a trilithium probe to destroy a star , kidnap geordi ... and escape with a pair of klingon renegade ... why ? what the hell 's go on ? they exit to ... 81 int . sickbay 81 worf and riker enter . beverly be close a panel on the back of data 's head . he be sit on a bio -bed , scan himself with a tricorder . riker how be he ? beverly it look like a power surge fuse the emotional chip into he neural net . worf will that be a danger to he ? beverly I do not think so . the chip still seem to be work . I would feel better if I could take a closer look , but I can not remove it without completely dismantle he cerebral conduit . riker ( to data ) look like you be stick with emotion for a while . how do you feel ? data I be quite ... preoccupy with concern about geordi . riker we all be , data . but we be go to get he back . data I hope so , sir . data 's expression be still one of concern . beverly pull riker aside . beverly wil , I check into Doctor soran 's background . beverly activate the wall monitor and a picture of Doctor soran along with some biographical information appear . beverly he 's a el-aurian ... over three hundred year old . he lose he entire family when the borg destroy he world . soran escape with a handful of other refugee aboard a ship call the lakul . the ship be destroy by some kind of energy ribbon , but soran and forty - six other be rescue by the Enterprise - B . riker ( react ) that be the mission where James kirk be kill . beverly I check the passenger manifest of the lakul ... guess who else be on board ? she hit a control and suddenly guinan 's face appear on the screen . riker react to the image ... CUT to : 82 int . guinan' quarter 82 Close on guinan as she look up , surprised . guinan soran ? that 's a name I have not hear in a long time . move to reveal guinan 's quarter , which be unlike any of the other on the Enterprise . none of the standard furniture , console or decoration be present . the floor be make of tile , not carpet ... the wall be drape in exotic fabric . the lighting be moody and subdued . picard be stand before guinan , who be sit cross - legge on the floor . they talk to each other with a easy familiarity ... two old friend who know each other well . picard do you remember he ? guinan oh yes . I remember everyone who be on the lakul ... every face . even the one who do not make it ... guinan stand and begin to move about the room ... she 's clearly troubled by the memory . she hesitates , look off into the middle - distance for a few moment . picard move to she . picard guinan . it 's important that you tell I what you know . we think soran 's develop a weapon ... a terrible weapon . it might give he enough power to -- guinan soran do not care about power or weapon . all he care about be get back to the nexus . picard what 's the " nexus " ? guinan move to a table and begin to shift around some exotic-looking alien artifact ... distracting herself ... this be difficult for she to discuss . guinan it 's a place I have try very hard to forget ... she make the decision to plunge ahead . guinan that ribbon be not just some random energy phenomenon travel through space ... it 's a doorway . it lead to another place ... the nexus . it do not exist in we Universe ... and it do not play by the same rule either . picard what happen to you ? guinan I can not remember very much ... what it look like or how long I be there ... but I do remember how it feel ... she turn to he and she face be fill with some kind of awe at the memory . guinan it be like be inside ... joy . as if joy be a real thing that I could wrap around myself . I have never be so content ... a long beat as picard absorb she word . picard but then you be beam away ... guinan show a rare burst of anger . guinan I be pull away . I do not want to leave ; none of we do . I feel like I would leave a part of myself behind . all I could think about be get back ... I do not care what I have to do . guinan move to a window and look out at the star . guinan it take a long time , but eventually I learn to live with it . and I begin to realize that my experience in the nexus have change I ... ( beat ) I know thing about people ... about event ... about time ... picard you " sixth sense " ... I have always wonder where it come from ... ( beat ) and what about soran ? guinan soran may still be obsessed with get back . and if he be , he will do anything to find that doorway again . picard but why destroy a star ...? ( beat ) thank you , guinan . he head for the door . guinan let someone else do it , jean-luc . picard stop , look at she . guinan let they send another starship . do not get near the ribbon . if you go into that nexus , you be not go to care about soran or the Enterprise or I . all you be go to care about be how it feel to be there . ( beat ) and you be never go to come back . picard weigh she word ... see the warning in she eye ... and carefully back away and exit . CUT to : 83 int . klingon bird of prey - quarter ( vfx -p ) 83 a dimly - light room somewhere in the bowel of the klingon ship . like every other room on this decrepit ship , the room look well - wear and ill-maintained . soran be seat behind a table , hold the visor . a padd and soran 's pocket watch sit on the table . geordi be sit in a chair across from he -- he shirt have be remove . he look very tense . soran ( be : visor ) a remarkable piece of equipment ... but a little inelegant , would not you say ? ( beat ) have you ever consider a prosthesis that would make you look a little more ... normal ? geordi what 's normal ? soran normal be what everyone else be ... and what you be not . geordi what do you want ? soran take a moment . soran as you may or may not be aware , I be a El -aurian . some people call we a race of " listener " . we listen . ( beat ) right now , Mr. La Forge , you have my undivide attention . I want to listen to everything you know about trilithium . and I . geordi think . geordi trilithium be a experimental compound develop by the romulan . I think it 's a derivative of -- soran pick up the padd from the desk and activate it . suddenly something small , with sharp edge , can be see moving just underneath geordi 's skin near he chest . geordi move he hand to the spot , but then the protrusion be suddenly go . soran I do not want a science lecture . you be on that observatory look for trilithium ... why ? geordi I be order to by the Captain . on the padd in soran 's hand , we can now see a interior graphic of geordi 's body sit in the chair . the graphic be interactive , move as geordi move . a blinking dot represent the movement of the probe inside he body . right now , the dot be in the middle of he chest . soran let 's try to move beyond the usual prisoner - interrogator banter , shall we ? you have information , and I need it . ( beat ) do the Captain explain he order to you ? do he say why you be search for trilithium ? geordi no . soran what about ... guinan ? what have she tell you about I ? geordi guinan ? I do not know what you be talk about ... on the padd , we now see the dot have move to a position next to geordi 's heart . soran look up at geordi . soran my instinct tell I you be lie . and I know that can not be easy for you ... ( off padd ) I can see you have a good heart . soran tap a control on the padd . suddenly geordi grab he chest in pain . soran watch geordi for a few second , then tap the padd again . geordi gasp and start to breathe . soran oh ... I forget to tell you . while you be unconscious , I injected a nano - probe into you bloodstream . it 's be navigate you cardiovascular system ... and right now I have attach it to you leave ventricle . ( smile ) a little trick I pick up from the borg . geordi ( gasp ) yeah ... they be full of great idea . soran I just stop you heart for five second . it feel like a eternity , do not it ? do you know that you can stop the human heart for up to ten minute before the onset of brain damage ? geordi no ... I do not know that ... soran we learn something new about ourselves every day . ( beat ) now . maybe I do not make myself clear . it be very important that you tell I exactly what Captain picard know . geordi I tell you everything ... you might as well just kill I right now ... soran 's feature soften as he smile slightly . for a moment , he look genuinely compassionate -- and it 's a disturbing contrast to he usual dark intensity . soran I be not a killer , Mr. La Forge . ( beat ) let 's try thirty second . soran tap a control on the padd . geordi gasp and strain against a unimaginable pain . soran pick up he pocket watch and open the cover ... sit back in he chair , watch the second tick away ... CUT to : 84 int . stellar cartography ( vfx -p ) 84 a room fill with exotic-looking device , sensor and computer which handle the enormous task of tracking the ship 's position in space . the monitor around the room display various diagram of the ENERGY ribbon ( as see in the beginning of the film ) . data be sit at a computer console which have a great deal of complex information on the screen . picard be stand next to he . throughout the follow , data seem distract and preoccupy . data accord to we information , the ribbon be a conflux of temporal energy which travel through we galaxy every thirty - nine point one year picard when be it expect back ? data do not answer right away . picard data ? data sorry , Captain . the ribbon have already enter the galaxy . it will pass through this sector in approximately thirty - one hour . picard move about the room ... he 's frustrated ... tired ... but determine to find out what 's go on . picard guinan say soran be try to get back to the ribbon ... if that 's true , then there must be some connection with the amargosa star . data the star 's destruction have have numerous astro-physical effect within this sector . however , none of they appear to have a connection to the energy ribbon . picard give I a list of that effect . I want to know every single thing which have be alter or change ... no matter how insignificant ... data it will take a few moment for the computer to compile the information . data work the computer and then the computer begin to work . data sigh -- he expression become downcast and gloomy . he sit down and put he head in he hand . picard finally have to say something . picard data , be you all right ? data no , sir . I be find it difficult to concentrate ... I believe I be overwhelm with feeling of ... remorse and regret concern my action on the observatory . picard what do you mean ? data I want to save geordi ... I try . but I experience something I do not expect . ( beat ) I believe it be fear . picard regards he sympathetically . picard fear be a very difficult emotion to overcome . it 's something we all have to learn to deal with . data but I do not deal with it , sir . I let it prevent I from help my friend . ( beat ) do that make I a coward ? picard no . and what you must try to avoid be become consume by another emotion which I believe you be beginning to experience ... guilt . data ( consider ) guilt . it be a most unpleasant feel . 84a angle ( vfx -p ) 84a the computer finish its calculation and the console beeps . data work the console . information appear on screen . data accord to we current information , the destruction of the amargosa star have have the follow effect in this sector : gamma emission have increase by five percent ... the starship bozeman be force to make a course correction ... a research project on gorik four be halt due to increase neutrino particle ... ambient magnetic field have decrease by -- picard wait . the bozeman ... why do it change course ? data ( matter of fact ) the destruction of the amargosa star have alter the gravitational force throughout the sector . any ship pass through this region will have to make a minor course correction . picard be start to get a idea ... he 's onto something here . he move to a large table in the center of the room . picard ( muse ) a minor course correction ... ( beat ) where be the ribbon now ? 84b angle ( vfx -p ) 84b data move to the table to work . after a few beat , a elaborate map of the galaxy spring up on the ceiling of the room . a blinking dot show the position of the ribbon . data this be its current position . picard can you project its course ? data hesitates ... still obsessed with he own emotional turmoil . picard finally have to lay down the law . picard ( firm ) data . I have nothing but sympathy for what you be go through . but right now , I need you full attention on the task at hand . if you can not provide it ... then I will have to relieve you of duty until Doctor crusher can remove this . emotion chip of yours . I be sorry , but you leave I no other choice . this snap data back ... he consider this for a long moment , then look determine . data I do not wish to remove the chip , sir . although this emotion be prove difficult to deal with ... I cannot imagine go back to a life without they . I have take a important step toward become truly human . if I be to turn back now ... ( beat ) I would like to continue in my duty , sir . picard smile at he . picard courage be a emotion too , data . ( beat ) now ... can you project the course of the ribbon ? data I believe so . 84c angle ( vfx -p ) 84c data work the console . a red line move to form a arc through the star field . picard examine the display for a moment and nod ... he 's excited , on to something ... picard enhance grid a-nine . data work and the display now zoom into a single sector . the red line cut through the sector . picard where be the amargosa star ? data work . a STAR be highlight near the red line . picard now ... you say the gravitational force in this sector have be alter ... could that also affect the course of the ribbon ? data ( think ) I believe so . 84d angle ( vfx -p ) 84d data work and holographic display change again . the red line represent the course of the ribbon now shift to the right -- away from the amargosa star 's position . picard be beginning to realize what 's go on . picard that 's what soran 's do ... he 's change its course . ( beat ) but why ? why try to alter its path ... why not simply fly into it with a ship ? data think for a moment . data we record show that every ship which have approach the ribbon have either be destroy or severely damage . picard think about this ... then have a flash of insight . picard he can not go to the ribbon ... so he 's try to make the ribbon come to he . ( beat ) data , be it go to pass near any m-class planet ? data ( work ) yes , sir . there be two in the veridian system . 84e angle ( vfx -p ) 84e the display zoom in on a star very close to the ribbon 's path . we now see a solar system with a single star and four planet . the red line move directly through the system -- it pass very close to the third planet . picard eye that planet and point to it . picard it 's very close to veridian Three ... but not close enough ... picard 's mind be go a mile a minute . he suddenly have a horrible realization . picard data , what would happen to the ribbon 's path if he destroy the veridian star itself ? 84f angle ( vfx -p ) 84 F data work . on the display , the veridian star suddenly darken and goe out . the red line shift slightly until it make a exact intersection with the third planet . they both react to this sight . they be both aware of just how serious this be . picard that 's where he 's go . data it should be note , sir , that the collapse of the veridian star would produce a shock wave similar to the one we observe at amargosa . picard ( grim ) and destroy every planet in the system . picard eye the graphic with a sense of dread . picard be any of they inhabit ? data veridian Three be uninhabited . but veridian four support a pre- industrial humanoid society . picard population ? data approximately two hundred thirty million . a grim beat . picard ( to com ) picard to Bridge . worf com voice worf here , sir . picard head for the exit , a sense of urgency and determination in he every move . picard Red alert , mister worf . set a course for the veridian system , maximum warp . picard and data exit stellar cartography . 85 ext . space - the enterprise ( vfx - I ) 85 as it go into warp . CUT to : 86 int . klingon bird of prey - bridge 86 lursa and b'etor in command as soran enter . lursa do you get anything from the human ? soran no . his heart just be not in it . klingon helm ( off console ) we have enter orbit of veridian Three . soran prepare to transport I to the surface . b'etor wait . when do we get we payment ? soran hand b'etor a small computer chip . soran this contain all the information you will need to build a trilithium weapon . it 's be code . once I be safely to the surface , I will transmit the decryption sequence to you ... not before . klingon helm ( urgent ) mistress ! -- a federation starship be enter the system ! lursa what ? on viewer . 86a angle ( vfx -p ) 86 a the helm work . the view screen now show the Enterprise at impulse enter the system . reaction . klingon helm they be hail we . b'etor du 'cha ( on speaker . ) the helm work . we hear picard com voice . picard com voice klingon vessel . we know what you be do , and we will destroy any probe launch toward the veridian star . soran 's expression darken . b'etor what do we do ? soran check he watch . soran there 's no time for this . eliminate they . b'etor ( react ) that be a galaxy class starship . we be no match for they . soran think for a moment ... then he get a idea . he pull geordi 's visor out of a pocket . he eye it with intent . soran I think it 's time we give mister La Forge he sight back . off lursa and b'etor 's curiosity ... CUT to : 87 ext . space - the enterprise ( vfx - I ) 87 near veridian Three . the planet 's STAR be visible . 88 int . bridge 88 picard be pace . riker , data , worf , troi , n.d.s at they station . the ship be at Red alert . data 's mood have improve . he 's make a effort to keep a positive outlook ... to stay upbeat . riker maybe they be not out there . picard they be just try to decide whether a twenty year - old klingon Bird of prey be any match for the federation flagship . troi or perhaps they be on the surface ... picard mister data , scan the planet for life form . data smile , delighted at the request . data I be hope you would ask I to do that , Captain . I just love to scan for life form . as data work , he break into a merry little song . data ( sing ) " life form ... tiny little life form ... where be the life form -- " picard Commander . data sorry , sir . ( work ) there be too much interference in the planet 's ionosphere for a accurate read . worf turn to picard . worf Sir , accord to my calculation , a solar probe launch from either the klingon ship or the planet 's surface will take eleven second to reach the star . ( beat ) however , since we do not know the exact point of origin , it will take we between eight and fifteen second to lock we weapon onto it . they exchange a grim look . riker ( quiet , to picard ) that 's a pretty big margin of error . picard too big . how long until the ribbon arrive ? data approximately forty - seven minute , sir . picard ( disturb ) I have to find a way to get to soran ... a alarm go off on worf 's console . worf Captain , klingon vessel decloak directly ahead . 88a angle ( vfx - I ) 88a on the view screen , the Bird of prey decloak . worf they be hail . picard on screen . 88b angle ( vfx -p ) 88b on the view screen , lursa and b'etor appear . lursa Captain . what a unexpected pleasure . picard lursa , I want to talk to soran . lursa I be afraid the Doctor be no longer aboard we ship . picard then I will beam down to he location . just give we he coordinate . b'etor the Doctor value he privacy . he would be quite ... upset if a away team interrupt he . picard very well ... I will beam to you ship and you can transport I to soran ... riker ( urgent ) Sir , you can not trust they . they will kill you just like they kill geordi . lursa and b'etor exchange a glance . lursa ( innocent ) we do not kill you engineer . he 's be ... we guest . riker then return he . b'etor in exchange for what ? picard I ... if you let I speak to soran . the two sister appear to consider this for a moment . b'etor ( to lursa ) the Captain would make a much more valuable hostage . lursa ( to picard ) we will consider it a prisoner exchange . picard agreed . the transmission end . picard head for the turbolift . picard number one , you have the Bridge . have Doctor crusher meet I in transporter room Three . as picard exit ... CUT to : 89 int . transporter room ( vfx - p ) 89 picard stand on the platform . crusher and nurse ogawa stand nearby . the transporter chief work he console . chief receiving the coordinate , Captain . picard energize . picard dematerialize -- and at the same instant , geordi materialize . beverly and ogawa rush to he aide , pull out they tricorder and scan he . geordi be conscious , and he 's wear he visor . CUT to : 90 ext . mountaintop - day ( vfx - p ) 90 a large plateau ringed with tree and underbrush . a single rock face jut upward , form a backdrop for the plateau . against the rock face , a large scaffolding have be erect -- plank and beam form a complex structure -- ladder connect each level . it lead to a narrow ledge a dozen meter above . picard materialize on the plateau . ( note : picard 's combadge be go and he be unarm . ) a moment as he look around . strange animal and bird can be hear . he turn and see soran stand nearby , calmly look at he pocket watch . soran put the watch away . soran you must think I be quite the madman . picard the think have cross my mind ... soran the only possible reason you be here be because you be not entirely confident you can shoot down my probe after all . so you have come to dissuade I from my horrific plan . ( beat ) good luck . soran turn he back on picard and walk away . 90a angle ( vfx -p ) 90 a picard take a step to follow he and then be jolted backward by a large forcefield which briefly flash into view . the field completely surround the plateau , enclose soran and the scaffold , with picard on the outside . off picard 's surprise ... CUT to : 91 int . klingon bird of prey - bridge ( vfx -p ) 91 the klingon Navigator be work he console . klingon helm I have establish the link . lursa put it through over here . lursa and b'etor move to one of the console with a large monitor . the screen show static for a few second , then clear to a distort view of a ceiling on the enterprise -- this be geordi be Pov . ( note : the Pov be slightly fritze , but free of the usual visor effect . ) lursa it 's work ... b'etor where be he ? suddenly , crusher 's face loom large in the picture , as if she 's lean over geordi . she smile and start talk . we can see she lip move , but we can not hear what she 's say . beverly ( silent ) do not worry , there 's be no permanent damage . you heart be perfectly fine . there 's be a little arterial damage ... lursa and b'etor pull back in surprise at the image . b'etor human female be so repulsive . CUT to : 92 int . sickbay - continuous 92 beverly be lean over La Forge , who be on a bio-b . mid-conversation . beverly ... and some myocardial degeneration . I be go to give you some hematozine , and I want to run more test ... but I think you be go to be fine . geordi thanks , doc. CUT to : 93 ext . mountaintop - day 93 picard be walk the perimeter of the invisible forcefield , look for some way in . soran be concentrate on he padd as picard try to engage he on some level . picard you do not need to do this , soran ... I be sure we could find another way to get you into this nexus . 93a angle ( vfx -p ) 93a soran get up and work he control padd . suddenly a probe launcher decloak in the middle of the plateau . the launcher be a cylindrical apparatus the size of a small car . soran go to the launcher , step onto it and begin work the control panel . soran ( calm , distract ) I have spend eighty year look for another way , Captain . this be the only one . ( beat ) of course , you could always come with I . you fancy yourself a explorer . here 's a chance to explore something no human have ever experience . picard not if it mean kill over two hundred million people . ( beat , then with meaning ) I wonder ... do you wife leandra know that she marry a man who be capable of mass murder ? this have touch a nerve in soran ... something dark and ugly flicker across he face . picard ( continue ; press on ) when you tuck you child into bed ... do you suppose they ever suspect that they father would one day kill million as casually as he kiss they goodnight ? soran look up at picard ... and for a moment we can see that picard have really get to he here ... then he finally smile a smile that do not quite reach he eye . soran Nice try . CUT to : 94 int . geordi be bathroom - geordi be Pov 94 geordi be take a bath . we can see he leg and foot stick out of the water in front of he ... he stand up . move to reveal : 95 int . klingon bird of prey - bridge ( vfx -p ) 95 lursa and b'etor be still watch La Forge 's Pov on the monitor . they be bored and irritable . b'etor I think he be the Chief engineer . lursa he be . b'etor then when be he go to Engineering ? the Pov show geordi 's view as he stop in front of a mirror ... wipe away the steam and reveal he own reflection . lursa and b'etor gnash they tooth in frustration ... CUT to : 96 ext . mountaintop - day 96 soran be work intently on the launcher 's Control panel . picard be still walk the perimeter of the forcefield . he 's also still try to engage soran , find some way to get to he . picard what you be about to do be no different from when the borg destroy you world . soran continue to work ... keep he voice calm and conversational . soran you be right . and there be a time when I would not have hurt anyone . then the borg come ... and they show I that if there be one constant in this universe , it 's death . ( beat ) afterwards , I begin to realize that none of it matter . we be all go to die anyway . it 's only a question of how and when . you will too , Captain . you might contract a fatal disease ... you might die in battle ... soran now turn and fix picard with a penetrate look . soran ... or burn to death in a fire . picard freeze at this . soran step off the launcher with a confident look ... he move closer to where picard be stand . soran you look surprised . but you should not be . I have be to the nexus , Captain . I know thing about people . ( beat ) be not you beginning to feel time gain on you ? it 's like a predator . it 's stalking you . you can try to outrun it with doctor ... medicines.new technology ... but in the end , time be go to hunt you down ... and make the kill . this strike home with picard 's own recent concern ... he struggle for a moment . picard we be all . mortal , soran . it 's one of the truth of we existence . soran what if I tell you I find a new truth ... picard the nexus . soran time have no meaning there . the predator have no tooth . soran glance up at the sky expectantly , then turn away from picard and go back to work on the launcher . off picard 's disturb expression ... 97 int . klingon bird of prey - bridge ( vfx -p ) 97 b'etor watch the monitor , impatient . the Pov show geordi 's view of walk down a corridor . lursa walk over to join she . lursa where be he now ? b'etor I do not know ... he bath ... now he be roam the ship . he must be the only engineer in starfleet who do not go to Engineering ! CUT to : 98 ext . mountaintop - day ( vfx -p ) 98 picard continue to walk around the perimeter of the forcefield . he see something on the ground -- a gnarle root from a large nearby tree . the root be poke out of the ground , leave a small arch through which daylight can be see . picard 's mind begin racing ... he glance at soran and then pick up a pebble and , while keep he eye on the root , he toss the pebble into the air , where it hit the forcefield . -- the forcefield flash on briefly and picard can see that the bottom border of the field follow the contour of the root . but it do not extend underneath the arch . -- soran turn at the sound of the crackle field . soran careful , Captain . that 's a fifty gigawatt forcefield . I would not want to see you get hurt . picard thank you . soran return to work on the launcher . but picard look back down at the root ... then walk away , plan he next move . CUT to : 98a int . klingon bird of prey - bridge 98a lursa and b'etor be watch the monitor of geordi 's Pov with irritate expression . on the monitor , geordi round a corner and enter Engineering . the sister lean forward eagerly . b'etor finally ! 99 int . engineering 99 geordi be talk to a engineer name farrell , n.d.s work in b.g. mid-conversation . farrell I would like to run a level Three diagnostic on the port plasma relay . I think one of the generator be fluctuate . geordi okay , let 's do it . they both move to console ... 100 int . klingon bird of prey - bridge ( vfx -p ) 100 as before . on the screen , we can now see several of the monitor in Engineering . on the leave side of the screen be the large cutaway view of the Enterprise . lursa suddenly react to something on the screen . lursa that 's it ! ( to b'etor ) replay from time index four-two - nine . b'etor work . the image on they monitor run backward for a moment and then freeze . on the screen , we can see several of the monitor in Engineering . on the leave side of the screen be the large cutaway view of the Enterprise . lursa touch the diagram . lursa ( continue ) magnify this section and enhance . b'etor work . the picture zoom in on the cut - a- way graphic and sharpens in focus . there be several block of number and text visible . lursa study the image . lursa they shield be operate on a modulation of two - five - seven point four ... the sister exchange a excited glance , then move toward the command area . b'etor ( call out ) adjust we torpedo frequency to match - two -five - seven point four ! the two sister smile eagerly . 101 int . enterprise bridge 101 data ( to riker ) Sir , I be detect a anomalous subspace read in Main Engineering . it may be -- wham ! the ship be rocked hard . alarm go off on the Bridge . 102 ext . space - enterprise and klingon ship ( vfx - I ) 102 the klingon ship be firing four turpedoe at the Enterprise . the torpedoe pass directly through the ship 's shield and hit directly on the hull . 103 int . enterprise bridge 103 wham ! another hit . worf ( shocked ) they have find a way to penetrate we shield . riker lock phaser and return fire ! 104 ext . space - the enterprise &amp ; klingon ship ( vfx - I ) 104 the Enterprise fire at the Bird of prey . but the phaser shot be stop by the klingon shield , which flash on when they be hit . the Bird of prey return FIRE . the shot carve a jag tear in the Enterprise 's hull . 105 int . bridge 105 as before . the ship be jolted again ... the con console explode and the con officer be kill . riker ( to troi ) deanna , take the helm . get we out of orbit . troi rush to the con and work ... 106 ext . space - the enterprise &amp ; klingon ship ( vfx - I ) 106 the Enterprise turn and leave orbit , but the klingon ship be right on top of they ... firing at the defenseless starship . 107 int . bridge 107 a jolt . data Hull breach on deck thirty - one through thirty - five . another jolt . the Bridge light flicker . the situation be desperate . riker ( urgent , to worf ) worf , that 's a old klingon ship . what do we know about it ? be there any weakness ? the ship be jolted . they all hold on . worf it be a class d-twelve Bird of prey . they be retire from service because of defective plasma coil . riker plasma coil ... be there any way we can use that to we advantage ? worf I do not see how . the plasma coil be part of they cloaking device ... 107a int . engineering 107a there be a sudden explosion on the upper level . geordi and the other Engineers rush to deal with it . geordi get a stabilizer on that conduit . 107b int . bridge 107b riker suddenly get a inspiration as the Bridge be rocked . riker ( to data ) could we access the defective coil and trigger they cloak ? data ( consider ) perhaps . ( suddenly enthusiastic ) yes ! if we send a low - level ionic pulse , it might reset the coil and engage the cloaking system . worf ( onto the idea ) as they cloak begin to engage , they shield will drop . riker right . and they will be vulnerable for at least two second . ( to data ) data , lock onto that plasma coil . data ( confident ) no problem . data go to work . riker worf , prepare a spread of photon torpedoe . we will have to hit they the instant they begin to cloak . worf aye , sir . riker we be only go to get one shot at this . target they primary reactor . with any luck , they warp core should implode . worf work . 108 ext . space - the enterprise &amp ; klingon ship ( vfx - I ) 108 the Enterprise roll and turn back toward the planet , try to get away from the klingon ship . but the Bird of prey follow its every move . 109 int . bridge 109 data I have access they coil frequency ... initiate ionic pulse ... the ship be hit again . a aft console explode . riker make it quick ! 110 int . klingon bird of prey 110 lursa and b'etor in command ... savore they imminent victory . lursa ( to Navigator ) target they Bridge . b'etor full disruptor . the Navigator suddenly react to something on he console . klingon helm we be cloaking ! b'etor what ? klingon helm mistress -- we shield be down ! 111 ext . space - the klingon ship ( vfx - I ) 111 the ship begin shimmer - engage its cloak . 112 int . enterprise bridge 112 riker Fire ! worf work . 113 omitted 113 114 int . klingon bird of prey ( vfx - I ) 114 lursa and b'etor react to the sight on the viewscreen as the spread of torpedoe head directly for they . the two sister exchange a look . the ship be suddenly rocked hard and we can see the beginning of a explosion ... 115 ext . space - the klingon ship ( vfx - I ) 115 the ship implode , completely destroy . piece of the shattered vessel float past the camera . 116 int . enterprise bridge 116 data ( excited ) yes !! CUT to : 117 ext . mountaintop - day ( vfx -p ) 117 picard have make he way back to the gnarled root . he stand a few foot away ... a couple of pebble in he hand . he glance at soran , who 's absorb with he work on the launcher . picard then surreptitiously toss a pebble toward the root . it miss and bounce off the forcefield . soran look over he shoulder at picard , who sit down on a rock . soran return to he work . picard toss a second pebble -- this one also hit the forcefield . soran turn with a vaguely irritate look . soran ( as if to a child ) do not you have anything better to do ? picard do not respond . soran go back to work . picard wait a moment , then take aim and toss another pebble toward the root . this time , the pebble bounce underneath the arch and roll onto the plateau - inside the forcefield . picard keep he expression neutral , but he 's find a way in . CUT to : 118 int . engineering 118 the room be a disaster . wreckage from destroy console and debris be scattered throughout the room . geordi be desperately work with Engineers near the warp core , which be run faster and faster . geordi ( to com ) La Forge to Bridge . I have get a problem down here . the magnetic interlock have be rupture . I need to get the -- the warp core start to spew white - hot gas . geordi ( continue ) coolant leak ! everybody out . the emergency isolation door come down and people start rush out of Engineering . geordi head for the corridor . geordi ( on the move , to com ) Bridge , we have get a new problem . we be about five minute from a warp core breach . there 's nothing I can do . 119 int . bridge 119 riker be face with a no-win situation . he make the decision . riker ( to troi ) deanna , evacuate everyone into the saucer section . ( to data ) mister data , prepare to separate the ship . troi and data work and riker move to the Captain 's chair . he press a button on the armchair console . a unique and urgent alarm be hear throughout the ship . series of shot as the alarm sound : 120 crewmembers and civilian 120 rush through the corridor . 120a geordi 120 a direct people toward the correct doorway . 120b parent 120b grab they child and head down the corridor . 120c beverly and a nurse 120c they grab a wounded crewmember and pull he down the corridor . 120d people 120d scramble through jeffery tube and close hatches behind they . 121 ext . mountaintop - day ( vfx -p ) 121 soran be finish he work on the launcher . on one of the monitor on the control panel , we can now see alien graphic and number tick by -- obviously a countdown in progress . soran finish and turn off the control panel . he step down and look over at picard , who be stand near the forcefield . soran now , if you will excuse I , Captain , I have a appointment with eternity and I do not want to be late . soran turn and begin to climb up the scaffold toward the top of the rock face . picard watch he intently for a few moment ... then quickly spring into action ... 122 int . jefferies tube 122 people scramble through the tube and out into a corridor . geordi be the last man through the hatch . he turn and manually shut the hatch behind he . geordi ( hit combadge ) that 's it , Bridge -- we be all out ! 123 int . bridge 123 data one minute to warp core breach . riker ( to data ) begin separation sequence . ( to troi ) full impulse power once we be clear . data work . 124 ext . space - the enterprise ( vfx - I ) 124 looking forward from behind the rear of the massive ship . a crack appear as the separation process begin . 124a int . bridge ( vfx - I ) 124a everyone be watch the viewscreen with anticipation . data separation complete . ten second to warp core breach . troi engage impulse engine . 125 125 thru omitted thru 128 128 129 ext . space - saucer section ( vfx - I ) 129 move away from the battle section ... before it can completely escape , the battle section explode -- the force of the explosion hit the saucer section , knock it toward the planet . 130 int . bridge ( vfx - I ) 130 everyone be knock to they knee . riker report . troi helm control be off-line ! they all look at the viewscreen ... the planet be rush toward they . 131 close on data 131 as he react to the terrifying image . data oh , shit . CUT to : 132 ext . mountaintop - day ( vfx -p ) 132 picard have drop to the ground and be on he back - he 's try to wriggle underneath the root . it 's not easy . he know there 's not much room between the ground and the invisible field . he just get he head and shoulder underneath when he accidentally touch the field and it crackle violently around he -- picard be jolted by the shock . 132a soran ( vfx -p ) 132a turn at the sound of the field , see picard , and then draw he weapon . soran quickly fire at picard . 132b the ground ( vfx -p ) 132b be blasted apart , create a cloud of dirt and smoke , obscure picard and the whole area momentarily . -- soran jump down one level on the scaffold , he disruptor still in he hand , ready just in case picard somehow survive . soran peer through the cloud of dust and debris . -- the dust from the explosion finally clear ... but picard be go along with several foot of the ground where he be crawl . 132c soran ( vfx - I ) 132c glance up at the sky and see the distant ENERGY ribbon just come into view . there 's no time to look for picard . -- soran begin to climb the scaffold . CUT to : 133 ext . space - saucer section ( vfx - I ) 133 plummet into the planet 's atmosphere . 134 int . bridge 134 the ship be shaking and roll violently . everyone hang on for dear life . series of shot : 135 corridor 135 teacher and parent lead a group of child toward a intersection . the parent go down one corridor , the teacher and child down another . one child cry out and try to reach for its mother , but there 's no time -- a teacher keep the child move down the hall ... 135a crew quarter 135 a people be brace themselves for the crash , take emergency position against wall , etc . 136 omitted 136 137 int . bridge ( vfx - I ) 137 the ground be get closer on the viewscreen . data ( off console ) I have reroute auxiliary power to the lateral thruster . I be attempt to level we descent ... riker ( to com ) all hand , brace for impact ! 138 ext . planet' atmosphere - saucer section ( vfx - I ) 138 the lead edge of the huge saucer tilt upward slightly . and then it hit the surface . the saucer begin to plow through the dense rain forest : as the ship continue to tear through the jungle , we intercut the follow sequence .: 138a int . bridge 138a riker and the other hang on as the ship shake violently .. 138b crew quarter 138b a family huddle for protection as the window be blow inward by debris ... 138c int . ready room 138c the side window be blown out ... and picard 's photo album be toss across the room along with everything else ... 138d ext . saucer section ( vfx - I ) 138d outside the ship , we see a huge wall of metal crashing through the jungle , uproot tree ... dirt fly ... bird scramble out of the way ... a enormous scene of destruction as it tear through the foliage ... 139 int . bridge 139 the ship continue to jump and shake ... every light on the ship go out in the crash . finally , it come to a stop . there be a long , quiet beat ... then people begin to stir in the darken room . 140 angle on riker 140 who be slump in he chair ... he catch he breath , lift he face and look up into ... sunlight . he shield he eye and look up at the ceiling and react ... 141 riker's Pov ( vfx -p ) 141 the sun be shine in through the shattered overhead window on the top of the Bridge . there be a flutter sound as a couple of bird perch on the rim of the window . 142 ext . planet' surface - the enterprise ( wide shot ) 142 ( vfx - I ) the saucer have come to a stop in the middle of a rain forest . the passage of the saucer have gouge a long trail through the forest behind the ship . off this startling sight ... CUT to : 143 ext . mountaintop - day 143 soran be climb up the scaffold . he get a couple of level up , and then suddenly a boot kick he in the face . picard have make it inside the field . a quick fight ensue , during which picard be knock a few level down on the scaffold . he land hard -- happen to look up into the sky . he see something .-- 144 picard be Pov - the sky ( vfx - I ) 144 the ENERGY ribbon can be see in the distant sky -- a bizarre snake of color streaking across the deep blue sky . time be almost up . 145 resume action ( vfx - I ) 145 -- picard avoid a vicious kick from soran , glance down at the probe launcher , and realize he 's get one chance . he roll to he foot , run toward the probe launcher . -- there be a thunderous roar as the launcher fire the probe into the sky . -- the plateau be suddenly quiet as the probe streak toward the distant sun and disappear from view . picard get to he knee , stare after the probe , shocked . he 's fail . -- they watch the sun for a silent moment , wait ... 146 the SUN ( vfx - I ) 146 begin to darken and collapse , as see before . 147 resume plateau 147 the scene darken as the sun go out ... and night fall on the planet . soran , a look of profound elation on he face , make he way to the top of the scaffold and look into the sky . 148 picard ( vfx - I ) 148 get to he foot and stare at the onrush ribbon , the wind whipping up on the plateau . he back away at the sight , come to a stop with he back against the scaffold . there 's no where to run ... 149 new angle - the plateau ( vfx - I ) 149 as the ribbon of ENERGY tear across the scene in a terrifying torrent of light and SOUND . the scene be washed out by a blinding flood of red light ... then suddenly the ribbon be gone ... and so be picard and soran . the plateau be strangely and utterly silent after the passage of the ribbon ... even the bird have stop chirp in the tree . 150 ext . space - veridian III ( vfx - I ) 150 as the ENERGY ribbon rush past the camera , a huge shockwave from the destroy star hit the planet and it explode in a blast of fiery debris . CUT to : 151 close on picard 151 be lead through a darken hallway . he be wear a blindfold . off screen hand tug and pull at he , lead he forward down the hall . he 's lose and confuse , unsure where he be or what 's go on . he try to resist , but can not ... the hand keep pull at he ... he be finally bring out into a larger room , dark . the hand release he and he stand alone . he take a beat and try to take control of the situation . picard what 's go on ? where be I ? two hand reach into frame from off screen and remove the blindfold ... 152 picard Pov 152 the blindfold drop , revealing a blurry kaleidoscope of color and shape ... 153 on picard 153 as he blink and try to focus ... 154 picard Pov 154 as the room come into focus . the first thing we see be a enormous , gaily decorate christmas tree sparkling with hundred of light . 155 reveal the room 155 a 24th - century french live room . it be beautifully decorate with light , ornament , holly . brightly wrap present be cluster beneath the Christmas tree . there be five child stand and sit in the room , all look at picard with bright , smile face , wait for he to say something . picard stare at the scene for a moment , unsure how to react . then we hear the woman 's voice again , and we move to reveal a attractive woman in she forty stand next to picard . woman go on ... say something . they be wait . picard be stunne . picard I ... do not know what to say ... one of the child , a young girl , speak up . girl say merry Christmas , papa ! picard ( in a daze ) merry ... Christmas ... the child break out into applause . the woman kiss he on the cheek , then steer he to a large , overstuff chair . picard sit down and the child start hand out present with much laughter and chat . child this one 's for you ... where 's mine ?... I hope this be the book I ask for ... take this one to papa ... as the activity swirl around he , picard begin to feel a immense sense of satisfaction and happiness . it 's like a drug -- a overwhelming feel of joy and contentment fill picard . it 's a wondrous experience . he settles back in the chair and a smile spread across he face . for reason he cannot name and do not even want to understand at the moment , he be very , very happy . girl ( to picard ) be not the tree beautiful , papa ? picard answer as if it be the most natural thing in the world . picard oh yes ... yes , it 's astonishingly beautiful . all of it . all of the child now crowd around the chair with a single large gift and hand it to picard . one of the young boy speak up . young boy this be from all of we . picard thank you ... I can not imagine what it be . picard tear open the box and pull out a 19th century sextant - a old - fashioned nautical navigational instrument . it 's a beautiful piece with polished and gleam brass . young boy ( excited ) it 's a sack - tent ! picard eye it with delight . picard you mean a sextant . and it 's a handsome one at that ... from about eighteen twenty , I would say . wherever do you find it ? girl it 's a secret . picard ( smile ) oh , a secret ... well , that make it a doubly special gift . thank you ... thank you all ... the child react with pleasure . they cluster around he , shower he with hug and kiss . child merry Christmas , papa ... I love you , Father ... etc . picard be cover in a blanket of love and affection . the child pull back and return to they own present . there be a swirl of activity and commotion as a warm and heartfelt Christmas morning be play out . woman ( to picard ) I will go get dinner ready . they will be starve in a minute . picard nod as the woman exit the room . he look around the scene , utterly happy , utterly content . the child continue to chatter and laugh among themselves as picard 's eye fall on the glorious Christmas tree . he can not help but smile as he look over the ornament and decoration ... 156 picard Pov 156 of the sparkling light and ornament -- a swirl of color and light . 157 picard 157 his eye be catch by something in particular on the tree . he lean forward slightly and stare at it . 158 picard Pov ( vfx -p ) 158 his eye have be catch by a ornament near the top of the tree . it be a large and beautiful glass ball with a tiny light at the center in the shape of a star . as picard watch , the star suddenly goe out ... and it radiate a shimmering light effect that expands outward into the glass sphere . it 's a startling and beautiful ornament whose effect be reminiscent of the star go out , as see earlier in the movie . but this be just coincidence . this be the way the ornament be design and it 's simply one of many ornament on the tree . 159 picard 159 react . the image of the ornament have touch a nerve within he somewhere . it have remind he of something he would nearly forget - a discordant note in a otherwise wondrous and magical scene . he frown , the reverie momentarily disrupt . but he try to push it aside , not want the spell to be break . he stand and turn away from the tree and look out a nearby window -- it 's snow and the beautiful image of snow soothes he for a moment . then he react to something . 160 picard Pov ( vfx -p ) 160 reflect on the pane of glass be the image of the ornament -- it 's still blink . picard now realize that this image be not go to go away ... he can not hide from it . picard no ... this be not right ... this can not be real ... guinan' voice it 's as real as you want it to be . picard turn to see 161 guinan ( vfx -p ) 161 stand before he . she be wear the same outfit see in the beginning of the movie on the Enterprise - B . as they talk , the child and the woman continue to move about they business as if picard and guinan be not there . picard be stunne . picard guinan ... what 's go on ? where be I ? guinan you be in the nexus . picard look around . picard this ... be the nexus ? guinan for you . this be where you want to be ... picard but I never have a wife , child , a home like this ... guinan enjoy they , jean-luc ... picard try to make sense of it - he focus on guinan . picard guinan , what be you do here ? I think you be on the Enterprise . guinan I be on the Enterprise ... I be also here . ( off he puzzle look ) think of I as ... a " echo " of the person you know ... a part of she she leave behind ... picard Left behind ...? guinan when the Enterprise - B beam we off the lakul , we be partially in the nexus . the transporter lock on to we ... but somehow everyone leave a part of themselves behind . picard soran ...? guinan all of we . picard where be he now ? guinan wherever he want to be ... guinan smile at he . boy' voice papa , help I build my castle ! picard glance over at the boy , who be building a play castle out of the 24th - century equivalent of " Lego " . for a moment , picard be tempt to drift back to the warm embrace of the fantasy ... picard ( to boy ) in a few minute ... picard look around at the child ... the lure to stay here become more powerful . picard ( continue , awed , to guinan ) this be my child ... my child ... guinan ( smile ) yeah . they be great , be not they ? you can go back and see they bear ... go forward and see you grandchild ... time have no meaning here . woman' voice dinner 's ready ! let 's go ! there 's a general rush toward the adjacent dining room . the youngest boy look at picard , go over to he and take he hand . boy papa ... be you come ? picard look down into the face of he child . his heart swell , the temptation to stay here and live this out be profound . almost in a trance , he take a few step with the child toward the dining room ... his eye be catch again by the unusual ornament on the tree for a moment ... tear between the two image . and then , in one of the most difficult moment of he life , he bend down to the child ... picard go on ... go on without I ... the boy look at he quizzically for a moment , then obey he father and dash off toward the dining room to join the other . picard straighten up and try to steel he voice . picard guinan ... can I leave the nexus ? guinan why would you want to leave ? picard ( insistent ) can I ? guinan yes ... where would you go ? picard I do not understand . guinan I tell you , time have no meaning here . if you leave , you can go anywhere ... any time . picard realize the opportunity before he . picard I know exactly where I want to go ... and when . back to that mountaintop on veridian Three ... before soran put out the star . I have to stop he . guinan what make you think thing will be any different this time ? picard you be right . I will need help . ( beat ) guinan , will you come back with I ? together , we could -- guinan I can not leave . I be already there , remember ? picard look crestfallen for a moment . guinan give he a enigmatic smile . guinan I know just the guy . suddenly there 's the cry of a hawk from offscreen . picard turn at the sound -- 162 ext . kirk home - day 162 picard find himself stand outside a rustic , but architecturally strike house with spectacular view in the canadian Rockies . a hawk be circle overhead , make the cry sound that picard hear . the air be cold , frigid -- picard can see he breath . picard be just start to adjust to this sudden change in location when he hear the sound of wood be chopped from around the corner of the house . picard move to look around the corner and see - James T. kirk . he 's still in he uniform and look exactly as he do the last time we see he aboard the Enterprise - B at the beginning of the film . he be vigorously chopping wood with a axe . he 's enjoy himself , lose in the sheer pleasure of the manual labor . he 's never feel this good in he life . there 's no trace of back pain or any other ailment . picard recognize the famous Captain - as would any 24 century starfleet officer . picard James kirk . kirk pause , look up at the strange man before he . his expression be wondrous , almost child - like . like in picard 's Christmas sequence , kirk be immerse in the sensual feel of the nexus . it 's like a dream that 's over - power he . kirk beautiful day , be not it ? picard yes ... yes , it be . kirk point to a nearby log on the woodpile . kirk do you mind ? it take picard a beat before he realize that kirk want he to put the log on the chopping block for he . picard oh. picard place the log on the block and kirk give it a vigorous chop with the axe . picard Captain , do you realize what -- but kirk interrupt as he see something o.c. kirk wait a second . I think something 's burn . picard follow he look to see smoke billow out of one of the window of the house . kirk rush into the house , and picard follow ... 163 int . kirk home - kitchen - day - continuous 163 kirk rush in . the kitchen 's decor be 19th century with a few 23rd century touch -- copper pan and a antique stove mix comfortably with computer console and starfleet paraphernalia . picard hesitates in the doorway -- a little unsure about rush into some stranger 's house . kirk yank a burn fry pan of food off the stove . it 's very hot -- he quickly set it down near the sink , wave the smoke away with he hand . kirk look like someone be cooking egg ... ( to picard ) come on in , it 's all right . this be my house -- or at least it use to be , I sell it year ago . picard come in and try to orient kirk to what 's go on . picard I be Captain Jean -luc picard of the starship Enterprise . before kirk can react to this remark , a antique clock on a shelf chime as it strike the hour . kirk move to the shelf and look at the clock in surprise and wonder -- he be entrance by this experience , beginning to connect with thing and memory from he past . kirk this clock ... I give this clock to Bones ... picard ( press on ) I be from what you would consider the future ... the twenty - fourth century . kirk hear what picard be say , but like picard in he fantasy , he be more interested in the sight and sound around he . a dog bark from o.c . they both look as a large black dog bound into the room and greet kirk with enthusiasm . kirk ( affectionately ) Jake ! Jake , you miserable old mutt ... how can you be here ? ( to picard ) he 's be dead seven year . kirk be still look around the kitchen when suddenly we hear a woman' voice from somewhere upstairs that stop kirk in he track . as she speak , we can see the shock on kirk 's face . antonia' voice come on , Jim , I be starve . how long be you go to be rattling around that kitchen ? a beat . kirk ( amaze ) that 's antonia ... kirk look at the food on the stove . he 's beginning to realize something . kirk wait a minute ... kirk glance at picard . kirk the future ... what be you talk about ? this be the past ... kirk move to a drawer and open it . Inside be a horseshoe with a tiny red bow tie to it . this confirm thing for kirk . he pick up the horseshoe . kirk this be nine year ago ... the day I tell she I be go back to starfleet ... kirk be sweep up in the moment , overwhelm by memory , sensation , feeling . he go back to the fry pan and look at the content with a sudden burst of recognition . kirk this be ktarian egg -- she favorite . I be cooking they to soften the blow ... ( be : horseshoe ) and I give she this . picard step in . picard I know how real this must seem to you , but it 's not . this be not really you house . we have both be catch up in some sort of temporal nexus . but kirk 's mind be clearly elsewhere ... he 's be sweep away by the emotion of the moment ... realize the opportunity he suddenly have . kirk dill weed . kirk indicate a shelf , as if ask picard to go to it . kirk there 's a bottle of dill weed on the second shelf to the leave , right behind the nutmeg . kirk move to the stove and toss out the ruin egg . he crack open two new egg on the skillet and begin prepare a breakfast . picard wait for a moment , then go to the shelf , grab the dill weed and hand it to kirk . picard how long have you be here ? kirk take the bottle and use it to season the egg . kirk I do not know . I be on the Enterprise -b... in the deflector control room ... keep stir this , will you ? kirk move to a cabinet and begin put plate on a breakfast tray . picard be get a little impatient , but stir the egg anyway . kirk ( continue ) the bulkhead in front of I disappear ... then I be out there chopping wood . ( back to stove ) thanks . kirk take the pan of egg back from picard . picard History record that you die save the Enterprise - B from a energy ribbon eighty year ago ... but picard 's word mean almost nothing to kirk . he be thoroughly enjoy himself and picard be almost a distraction . kirk begin serve the egg onto the plate and grab a small vase of flower to put on the tray . kirk ( amused ) so you be tell I this be the twenty - fourth century ... and I be dead ? picard not exactly . as I say , this be some kind of ... kirk temporal nexus ... yeah , I hear you . ( frown at tray ) something 's miss ... then he remember and turn to look at a nearby toaster -- as if on cue , two slice of toast pop out . kirk grin and put the toast on the plate . kirk pick up the tray and head for the door . picard Captain , I need you help . I want you to leave the nexus with I . kirk go out of the kitchen and picard follow ... 164 int . kirk home - live room - day - continuous 164 kirk and picard both on the move . kirk head for a staircase . picard we have to go back to a planet call veridian III and stop a man from destroy a star . there be million of life at stake . kirk try to keep it light , hope this man will go away . kirk you say history consider I dead . who be I to argue with history ? picard you be a starfleet Officer and you have a duty to -- kirk ( hard ) I do not need to be lecture by you . I be out save the galaxy when you grandfather be still in diaper . and frankly , I think the galaxy owe I one ( beat ) I be like you once ... so worried about duty and obligation that I could not see anything past this uniform . and in the end , what do it get I ? nothing . not this time . kirk brushes past picard and stop at the foot of the stair . kirk ( look up the stair ) I be go to walk up this stair , march into that bedroom and tell antonia that I want to marry she . kirk begin to climb the stair . kirk this time thing be go to be different . he go through a bedroom door and close it behind he . picard glance around the room in frustration , then get a determine look on he face and march up the stair after kirk , grasp the doorknob , open it and step through the door into 165 int . barn - day - continuous 165 picard suddenly find himself stand in the doorway of a wooden barn . straw on the floor ... farm implement on the wall ... sunlight stream in through the slat . there be stall in the barn with a few horse visible . kirk be stand a short distance away -- he look surprised as well ... and he be no longer hold the tray of food . picard ( be : barn ) this do not look like you bedroom . kirk look around for a moment , the piece start to fall into place . he smile with a grow realization ... kirk no ... no , it 's not . it 's better . picard better ? kirk this be my uncle 's barn in Iowa ... he point to a horse with a saddle on it . kirk ( be : horse ) I take that horse out for a ride seven year ago ... on a spring day . kirk move to the barn door and open it revealing a beautiful spring day . kirk just like this . if I be right , this be the day I meet antonia . he turn to picard . kirk this nexus of yours be very clever . I can start all over again -- do thing right from day one . kirk grab the horse , swing up onto the saddle , and ride out of the barn , fill with excitement . picard watch he for a moment , then look at one of the other horse in the barn . he make a decision and then move toward a saddle hang on the wall ... CUT to : 166 ext . countryside - day ( vfx -p ) 166 kirk be riding he horse hard over the countryside -- and across a stream ... through a thicket of tree ... and finally out onto a roll plain . there be a large ravine up ahead . kirk see it and smile tightly . he spur he horse faster toward the ravine ... the horse be tear along ... come up to the edge of the precipice , and make a dare leap to the other side . horse and rider land together and kirk spur the horse on . but as he ride , we begin to see a change come over he -- a look of doubt cross he face . something 's not right . he slow the horse to a trot ... and then to a complete stop . he sit there for a moment and frown . turn and look back at the ravine , which be now a fair distance away . something about that jump be nag at he ... he turn he horse around and then dig in he heel . the horse break into a gallop , racing back toward the ravine . kirk grip the rein tight in he hand and then the horse make the leap across yet again . this time when kirk land , he bring he horse to a immediate stop . we can see on he face that something be very wrong . he turn and stare at the ravine with a mixture of shock and sadness on he face . in the distance , picard can be see approach on a horse of he own . he stop next to kirk . there be a long , quiet moment as the two man sit there side by side . kirk be introspective as he sort through he feeling ... kirk ( be : ravine ) I must have make this jump fifty time . and every time it scared the hell out of I . but not this time . ( beat ) because ... it 's not real . a quiet beat . kirk turn and look toward a particular hill in the distance , shading he eye against the bright sun . picard follow he gaze and we can now see the distant figure of a woman walk she horse . picard ( be : woman ) antonia ? kirk ( nod ) she 's not real either , be she ? nothing here be ... nothing here matter ... all euphoria be now go from kirk -- it 's a moment of self - revelation . he glance around . kirk it 's kinda like ... orbital skydiving . excite for a few minute ... but in the end , you have not really do anything ... you have not make a difference ... kirk take a beat , then look at picard . and in a way , he 's truly see he for the first time . kirk Captain of the Enterprise , huh ? picard that 's right . kirk Close to retirement ? picard I have not plan on it . there be a passion and a fervor in kirk that we have not see until now . kirk well , let I tell you something - do not . do not let they promote you ... do not let they transfer you ... do not let anything take you off the Bridge of that ship ... ( beat ) because while you be there , you can make a difference . the two captain face each other for a moment . picard hear what kirk be say but also know that 's not the whole story . picard give he a direct look , and there be something in picard 's eye -- a glint of resolve and determination . picard you do not need to be on the Bridge of a starship . come with I . help I stop soran . ( beat ) make a difference again . a long , silent beat as kirk consider picard . and slowly , unexpectedly , a smile spread across he face . kirk how can I argue with the Captain of the Enterprise ? ( a beat ) what be the name of that Planet ... veridian III ? picard that 's right . kirk I take it the odd be against we , and the situation be grim ? picard you could say that . kirk ( muse ) of course , if spock be here , he would say I be be a irrational , illogical human for want to go on a mission like that ... and for the first time , we can see the twinkle in he eye that tell we Jim kirk be back . kirk sound like fun . the two man turn and walk away from antonia.and as they walk , a roar of color and SOUND washes out the screen , as see before . fade to red fade in : 167 ext . mountaintop - day ( vfx -p ) 167 soran be stand in front of the forcefield , face picard . soran now , if you will excuse I , Captain , I have a appointment with eternity and I do not want to be late . we realize we be watch the same event play out again . soran turn and begin to climb up the scaffold toward the top of the rock face . picard drop to the ground on he back and begin to wriggle underneath the forcefield . picard accidentally touch the field ... 167a soran ( vfx -p ) 167a turn at the sound of the field , see picard , and then draw he weapon . soran quickly fire at picard . 167b the ground ( vfx -p ) 167b be blasted apart , create a cloud of dirt and debris , obscure picard and the whole area momentarily . -- soran jump down one level , he disruptor still in he hand , ready just in case picard somehow survive . soran peer through the cloud of dust and debris . -- the dust clear ... but picard be go along with several foot of the ground where he be crawl . 167c soran ( vfx - I ) 167c soran glance up at the sky and see the ENERGY ribbon , then begin to climb the scaffold . suddenly a boot kick he in the head . 168 reveal kirk 168 who be attack soran in picard 's place . the two man begin to fight . 169 new angle ( vfx -p ) 169 as picard rush to the probe launcher and step up onto the control platform and desperately begin try to shut down the launcher ... the follow happen very quickly : -- kirk fight with soran , hand - to-hand , brutal . -- picard work the control panel , try to make sense of it all . it will not respond . the control panel be bizarre and confusing -- many different screen and alien graphic . the alien countdown graphic continue to race by . 169a the sky ( vfx - I ) 169a the distant energy ribbon can be see get closer ... 169b the mountaintop 169b soran try to pull he disruptor , but kirk knock it to the ground . there 's a struggle for the weapon ... -- picard look helplessly at the control panel . nothing he do have any effect . he keep hit button ... look for other control panel , anything to affect the launcher . 169c angle ( vfx -p ) 169c suddenly , picard touch one particular control and the screen change to a image of the veridian SUN , hold in the center of the alien cross -hair . 169d picard ( vfx -p ) 169d begin work the control panel ... desperate ... he look at the screen ... hit a control . suddenly the probe cloak . picard react at he mistake . picard be leave stand on a invisible platform three foot in the air -- a bizarre sight . picard be not sure what to do -- he can feel the console , but he can not see any of the control . -- kirk punch soran and send he fly backward . soran land heavily on the ground , unconscious . kirk stand over he , breathe heavily . he hold he back in pain -- that old back pain from the beginning of the movie . picard ( desperate ) kirk -- there 's a control padd in he right pocket ! 169e kirk ( vfx -p ) 169e see picard stand in mid-air and then reach down , pull the control padd out of soran 's pocket . he begin work it ... 170 close on soran 170 his eye open ... he see what kirk be do ... look around quickly ... see the disruptor lie a few foot away , just beyond he reach ... 171 the probe launcher ( vfx -p ) 171 decloak . picard go back to work on the control . 171a kirk ( vfx -p ) 171a he smile . kirk the twenty - fourth century be not so tough . without warning , kirk be blasted forward , shot from behind . reveal soran on the ground with the disruptor in he hand . he get up , whirl around , point the weapon at picard . 172 mountaintop - wide 172 the probe be suddenly launched in a roar of flame . soran freeze . his eye follow the probe as it arc into the sky . the two man watch the probe as it head toward the sun ... 172a the probe ( vfx - I ) 172a make a sweeping turn to the right and arc back down toward the planet . soran watch in horror as the probe crash harmlessly into the distant jungle . we hear a muffle explosion . 172b soran ( vfx - I ) 172b can not believe he dream have be shattered . he look into the sky and see the distant ribbon streaking overhead . the disruptor fall from he hand as he rush to the top of the scaffold . 173 picard 173 move to kirk , check he pulse . the Captain 's eye flutter -- he 's still hold on , but he 's badly wounded . 174 soran ( vfx - I ) 174 be stand on the rock ledge . he reach up toward the sky as if try to grab the ribbon with he bare hand ... but the ribbon pass by and disappear . soran no ... his look of shock turn to fury and madness . he turn to picard . soran you !! 174b new angle ( vfx -p ) 174b he jump down a few level and then dive off the scaffold at picard . but picard be quick . he grab the disruptor and fire -- the blast catch soran in mid - AIR . soran drop to the ground a short distance away . Dead . the pocket watch have be shattered . 175 picard 175 turn back to kirk , cradle the die man 's head in he lap . kirk 's eye flick open , and he take a rag breath . kirk Nice shot . kirk cough . his eye flutter . he 's fade fast . picard I will find a way to contact the Enterprise . you be go to be all right . kirk do we do it ? do we make a difference ...? picard yes. ( beat ) thank you . kirk least I could do ... for a Captain of the Enterprise . kirk cough again picard try to hang on . kirk look up at the sky . the sunlight be warm on he face . a quiet moment ... then , with a last smile on he face kirk it be fun . kirk die . hold the scene for a long moment , the two man in the quiet clear . dissolve to : 176 ext . mountaintop - sunset 176 Close on picard 's hand as he place a stone on a large pile of other stone . move to reveal that picard be place the final few rock on kirk 's grave . he reach into a pocket and pull out kirk 's command insignia pin . he carefully place it on the grave ... and stand there silently for a few moment . a distant whine of engine can be hear . picard look up into the sky ... 177 picard Pov ( vfx - I ) 177 a Enterprise shuttlecraft be fly through the sky toward the mountaintop . 178 ext . mountaintop - sunset 178 the shuttle have just land , and the door open as picard enter the clear . worf , geordi and n.d. security guard jump out to meet he . worf Captain , be you all right ? picard yes . LA forge what about Doctor soran ? picard you need not worry about the Doctor anymore . picard move toward the shuttle ... then stop as he notice that the shuttle be damage . picard turn and notice for the first time that La Forge have a bandage on he face and worf 's uniform be tear . picard be there a problem with the klingon ? worf and La Forge exchange a look . geordi you could say that ... CUT to : 179 ext . planet surface - the enterprise ( wide shot ) ( vfx - I ) 179 as see before . picard ( v.o. ) Captain 's log , stardate 48650 . 1 . the starship farragut have arrive in orbit and have begin to beam up the Enterprise survivor for transport back to Earth . CUT to : 180 int . enterprise - corridor - day 180 a hive of activity -- crewmember move about , carry personal effect , equipment , etc . some wounded people be carry on stretcher ... the corridor be light by emergency beacon and a hatch have be open at one end of the corridor lead to the exterior of the ship . daylight and jungle can be see outside . picard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) we casualty be light . but unfortunately the Enterprise herself can not be salvage . move along the corridor in find beverly help a injured crewmember into the arm of a wait Medical n.d. ogawa walk up to she ogawa that should be the last of the wounded , Doctor . beverly nod . she look exhaust . beverly two hundred thirty - two patient in under two day . two medical n.d.s walk past , carry a empty stretcher . beverly glance at they . beverly ( call out ) save that stretcher ... ogawa be there another patient ? beverly no -- that one 's for I . CUT to : 181 int . another location 181 data and troi be look through rubble in a different section of the ship with tricorder . troi react to something on the tricorder . troi over here , data ! I think I have find something . data move to she , with a hopeful and excited look . troi ( off tricorder ) one life sign , very faint . data hand he tricorder to troi and then begin to pull debris aside with android strength . 182 angle on debris 182 as data pull aside a large piece of plate , revealing Spot the cat sit in the wreckage . she look at data and give a plaintive meow . data ( relieved ) Spot . he pick up the cat and hold it close , stroking its fur . the cat purr happily . data I be very happy to find you , Spot . troi smile . troi another family reunite . data turn , revealing that there be tear in he eye . troi be surprised and touch at the sight . troi data ... be you all right ? data I be not sure , counselor . I be happy to see Spot ... and yet I be cry . my emotional program must be malfunction again . troi put a gentle hand on he . troi no , data ... I think it 's work perfectly . data look up at she and smile through he tear . off the image of data cuddle he cat . CUT to : 183 int . ready room - day 183 picard and riker be sifting through the rubble of what once be the ready room , look for something ... riker see something in the rubble . riker be this it ? riker hold up the family photo album see earlier . picard ( relieved ) yes , number one . thank you . he take the album ... brushes off the dust and flip through the page for a moment . riker look around the wreck room . riker I be go to miss this ship . she go before she time . picard have be rejuvenate by he experience ... give a new perspective on the issue of life and death . picard it 's not how many year you have live , wil ... but how you have live they . ( beat ) someone once tell I that time be a predator that stalk we all we life . but maybe time be also a companion who go with we on we journey , and remind we to cherish the moment of we life ... because they will never come again . ( beat ) we be after all . only mortal . a quiet moment ... riker finally smile . riker speak for yourself , sir . I kinda plan on live forever . picard smile back at he and the two man exit to ... 184 int . MAIN bridge - day ( vfx -p ) 184 riker and picard enter from the ready room . they look around the wreck Bridge for a moment . riker glance at the captain 's chair . riker I always think I would have a crack at this chair one day . picard you may still ... somehow I doubt this will be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise . a beat , then picard hit he combadge . picard ( continue , to com ) picard to farragut . two to beam up . the two man dematerialize . fade to black . the end </ font >