Star Trek : the Movie script - Star Trek III - the search for spock - exclusive !!! Star Trek III the search for spock written by : harve bennett rev . final draft October 7 , 1983 fade in : 1 space - a starfield - ( ilm shot ) 1 as the star appear , we hear the ambience of space , a litany of groan , squeal and ping of the unknown . over this we super : " paramount picture present : " we be moving through the star slowly and to we right as the super fade . and we hear a hoarse voice . spock ( v.o . ) Space ... the final frontier . we move continue to reveal the Genesis planet and its sun , which flare into we lens . spock ( v.o . ) ( continue ) this be the continue voyage of the starship Enterprise . her ongoing mission ... the sunflare have dissolved we to the planet 's primal surface . we be moving through the tree and green of this eden-like place . a soft , smoky haze cover every - thing . spock ( v.o . ) ( continue ) to explore strange new world ... to seek out new life form , and new civilization ... to boldly go , where no man have go before ... and now , amid the tree , we see it , and camera come to a brief rest : spock 's casket , a photon torpedo tube , black with red letter , " Mark VI . " the STAR trek fan - fare be hear , and we super : " STAR trek III : the search for spock " the credit begin . as they appear , we move away from the casket and through the lush forest . the haze thicken , until at last it become a obliter - ating cloud , and then we dissolve through into move cloud of the planet 's atmosphere , and pull back from they , dissolving once again back to space and the gene - sis planet where we hold as credit end . then , a final super : " the genesis planet . stardate : 8001.3 " we hear the SOUND of a approach spaceship . 2 space - USS grissom - ( ilm shot ) 2 a mid-size federation Science vessel approach at impulse power . she pass camera , and we pan with she to see she path lead to the Genesis Planet in the distance . 3 int . bridge - USS grissom 3 starfleet lieutenant saavik , look radiant , be wear - ing she hair down this day , but be as intense and efficient as ever . the crackle of electronic activity fill the air . saavik ( crossing bridge ) we be approach destination planet at point zero three five . so note in ship 's log . she deliver the log to the Captain as angle widen to include captain esteban , late forty , a cautious Star - fleet veteran . behind he , various officer on station . esteban very well , Lieutenant . execute standard orbital approach . helmsman Standard orbit , aye . esteban Communications . send a code message for starfleet Commander , priority one ... " federation Science vessel Grissom arrive Genesis Planet , mutara sector to begin search . as order , full security procedure be in effect . j.t. esteban , commanding . " comm officer aye sir , coding now . esteban ( turn ) Dr. Marcus , it 's you planet . angle widen to reveal david marcus , mid-twenty , who will be remember as the co-creator of Genesis , and also as kirk 's son . david thank you , Captain . begin scan , please . saavik have take a position next to David at the sci- ence panel and together they begin activate the de - vice . david ( continue ; enthusiastically ) this be where the fun begin , saavik ! saavik ( work ) like you father ... so human . ( then ) all unit functional , recorder be on ... scan sector one . foliage in fully develop state of growth . temperature , twenty - two point two Celsius . david sector two ... indicating desert terrain . minimal vegetation , temperature thirty - nine point four . saavik sector three ... sub-tropical vegetation ... temperature -- ( puzzle ) temperature decrease rapidly -- david it 's snow . snow in the same sector . fantastic ! saavik ... fascinating . david all the variety of land and weather know to Earth within a few hour walk ! saavik ( to he ) you must be very proud of what you and you mother have create . david ( check ) it 's a little early to celebrate . suddenly ... beep ... beep ... beep ... a new and unique SOUND be hear from the monitor . saavik flick con - trol and a new image appear on screen . saavik same sector . metallic mass . david Underground deposit ? saavik negative , on surface ... a manufacture object . david there 's only one thing it could be ... short range scan . saavik comply . David 's intensity rise . Captain esteban , curious about the beeps , have join they . saavik approximately two meter long ... cylindrical in form ... david a photon tube ...! esteban could it be spock 's ? david it have to be . gravitational field be in flux ... it must have soft land ...! esteban ( to comm Officer ) in code to starfleet ... Captain 's spock 's tube locate intact on Genesis surface . will relay more data on subsequent orbit . comm officer yes sir ... code you message . as the beeps diminish , we hold on David and saavik . there be mystery in the air . CUT to : 4 space - USS enterprise - ( ilm shot ) 4 she come at US slowly , majestically , a great wounded bird limping home , show , as she pass , the patch scar of battle . over this we hear : kirk ( v.o . ) USS Enterprise , Captain 's personal log ... with most of we battle damage repair , we be almost home . yet , I feel -- uneasy . and I wonder why . 5 int . bridge - USS enterprise - close - jame T. kirk 5 he be stalking the bridge , lose in he thought . camera be moving with he . in b.g. , bridge activity be normal . kirk ( v.o . ) ... perhaps it be the erratic behavior of ship 's surgeon mccoy ... or the emptiness of this vessel : most of we trainee crew have be reassign ; Lieutenant saavik and my son David be explore a new world ... and Enterprise feel like a house with all the child go ... no. more empty even than that ... he have reach spock 's vacant chair . he touch it . kirk ( v.o . ) ( continue ) the news of spock 's tube have shake I . ( beat ) it seem that I have leave the noblest part of myself back there , on that newborn planet . we hold on he . then , he shake off he mood and : kirk status , Mr. sulu ? 6 omitted 6 & & 7 7 8 wider angle 8 to include sulu and chekov at forward station , uhura at the communication post . sulu on course , Admiral . estimate spacedock in two point one hour . kirk very well . ( a beat ) Mr. chekov , I need pre-approach scan ... take the science station , please . chekov hesitates for a moment . then : chekov yes , sir . he rise and cross to spock 's empty chair , as kirk continue . kirk uhura , any response from starfleet on we Project Genesis inquiry ? uhura no , sir , no response . kirk hmm .. very odd . ( at chair , hit comm button ) scotty . progress report ? 9 int . engineering tube 9 scotty and a engineer trainee be work at a junc - tion of circuitry . scotty I be almost do , sir . you will be fully automated by the time we dock . 10 intercut with bridge 10 kirk you timing be excellent , Mr. Scott . you have fix the barn door after the horse have come home . how much refit time till we can take she out again ? scotty eight week , sir . ( as kirk open he mouth ) but you do not have eight week so I will do it for ya in two . kirk ( consider ) Mr. Scott . have you always multiply you repair estimate by a factor of four ? scotty certainly , sir . how else can I keep my reputation as a miracle worker ? kirk you reputation be secure , scotty . ( a beat ) Mr. sulu , take the con . I will be in my quarter . sulu aye sir . kirk head for the elevator , press the door button . he be about to enter when he be intercept by trainee foster , a young black officer too eager for protocol . trainee foster Sir ... I be wonder ... kirk turn . trainee foster ( continue ) be they plan a ceremony when we get in ...? I mean , a reception ...? kirk a hero 's welcome , son ? be that what you would like ?... well , God know , there should be . this time we pay for the party with we dearest blood . he enter the elevator , and the door close . 11 omitted 11 12 int . elevator - kirk 12 even as the door close , he mood change . the mantle of command fall away and he allow himself the luxury of he deeper feeling . feeling of aloneness . and grief . camera in close to hold this anguish moment . then , a intrusive interruption . kirk cover hiss feel - ing as : 12a wider angle 12a the elevator door open at a floor and " bone " mccoy step in . he be dishevel , unshaven -- and in a very odd emotional place . he take he place in the eleva - tor and gaze at the ceiling as the door close , and the hum begins . kirk ... Bones . mccoy ( stiffly ) Jim . kirk ( after a pause , with grow irritation ) be you plan to shave today ? mccoy quo vadis , Admiral ... kirk what be that suppose to mean ? mccoy what be we destination ? kirk we will be orbit Earth in two hour . mccoy then we be head in the wrong direction . kirk ( warning ) Bones , do not do this . this be I . Jim . you friend . mccoy and I have be , and always shall be , yours . kirk damn it , Bones , do not quote spock to I ! I have enough pain of my own and I do not need you -- self - indulgence ! Bones , he eye far away , turn to make contact . in a matter - of - fact voice : mccoy you leave I . you leave I on Genesis . why do you do that ? kirk ( aghast ) ... what the hell be you say ? even Bones be stunne by what have come out of he mouth . he try to cope with he own disorientation . mccoy ( shake ) I do not know ... I just ... ( then , poignantly ) why do we leave spock ? kirk ( firmly ) Bones !... you must deal with the truth ! he 's go . spock be go . and we both have to live with that . Bones look at kirk for a agonize moment . then , the elevator come to a stop , the door open . mccoy take a step out , then turn back to kirk . mccoy I can not get he out of my head , Jim . I would give the whole state of Georgia if someone could tell I why . mccoy leave . the door close on Jim kirk 's concern . CUT to : 13 space - a starfield - ( ilm shot ) 13 over the vast emptiness we super : " somewhere in organian space ... " as the super fade , a vessel drift slowly into scene , a dark - look merchantman . she give the impression of drift in space ... of wait . 14 int . bridge - merchantman 14 small and grubby ; populate by three or four crewmen of mix special breed , and a renegade captain who sug - gest a federation traitor . and , lurking in the shadow , she face conceal by a half -veil , what ap - pear to be a exotically beautiful woman of epic pro- portion and mystery . captain steady ... steady , boy . keep scan ... ( beat ) I think you people be reliable ... where the hell be he ! woman he have be here for some time . I can feel he presence . captain do not give I you klingon mumbo- jumbo -- there be not another vessel in this whole damn quadrant . woman put I on the hail frequency . captain ( sourly ) sure - whatever game you wanna play . he shake he head , press a button and nod to she . she now remove the veil , show we a fascinating face of klingon feature . the crew stare at she as she speak into a communication device . she be oddly un - emotional . woman Commander kruge : this be valkris . I have obtain the federation data , and be ready to transmit . 15 int . bridge - bird of prey ( cloak effect ) - close - 15 kruge's pet a SHOCK CUT to a frightening creature , half timber wolf , half lizard . his head be be rubbed by the hand of the owner . we pan up from the beast with kruge 's hand as it snap switch . kruge ( o.s. ) well do , valkris ... stand by . the pan continue upward to reveal battle commander kruge , a klingon War Lord of handsome but frightening presence , and relative youth . now , in klingon : kruge ( disengage cloaking device ! ) there be a light change from cloak to de-cloaked con - dition , along with electronic whirring sound . camera pull back from man and beat during this to reveal the entire klingon bridge which suggest the relationship of galley master to slave . CUT to : 16 space - ( ilm / decloaking effect ) 16 we be shoot past the merchantman in the f.g. to watch the strange and gradual appearance of a vessel . 17 close angle - bird of prey ( ilm / decloaking effect ) 17 breathtake . skeletally at first , then fill in a section at a time , a small deadly look warship form . it be the Bird of prey , a long - neck , scary look thing , with variable wing attitude which we will see in time . 18 int . bridge - the merchantman 18 captain ( stare ) what the hell ...? as he and the crew try to comprehend , a commanding voice on speaker : kruge ( v.o . ) well do , valkris ... transmit data on my command ... now ! the woman lean to the console . she insert a small rectangular object and press a button . 19 int . bridge - bird of prey - ( intercut with 19 merchantman ) kruge rise from he regal station , cross to a moni- tor where officer maltz adjust income material . we can not see clearly what be come in , but occasional image suggest material concern the Genesis Project . as the high speed transmission end : valkris ( v.o . ) transmission complete . you will find it essential to you mission . maltz hand kruge the complete recording . kruge tap it thoughtfully . kruge ( then you have see it . ) woman ( v.o . ) ( I have , my lord . ) kruge ( a cloud ) ( that be unfortunate . ) woman ( v.o . ) ( I understand . ) kruge have a moment of hesitation . then , to he helmsman . kruge ( thrusters ! ) 20 ext . bird of prey - ( ilm shot ) 20 the variable wing begin to dip like hawk 's talon , and the Bird begin a arcing maneuver ... 21 int . merchantman 21 uncertainty . the Captain turn to the woman . captain what 's go on ? when do we get pay off ...? woman soon , Captain ... quite soon . ( to communicator ) ( success , my lord -- and my love . ) 22 int . bird of prey - close - kruge 22 kruge ( you will be remember with honor . ) ( to gunner ) ( Fire . ) 23 space - the two vessel - ( ilm series of shot ) 23 the Bird of prey , its wing in the menace attack position swoops toward the merchant ship . from the two claw - like tip of the Bird of prey , phaser beam ( of a new type ) erupt , sizzle -- explosion rip the outside of the merchantman - 24 int . merchantman - ( special fx ) 24 explosion and smoke cloud the murky small bridge ; the cry of the crew , the Captain 's scream of outrage . and through it all , in the smoke , the woman 's face . unperturbed . as a last act , she ritualistically cover she face with she veil , as she be envelop in smoke and flame . 25 int . bird of prey - ( intercut as need with 25 merchantman ) the scream and cry of the merchant crew can be hear . the Captain 's voice rise above all this . captain ( v.o . ) for God 's sake , help we ! please ! we will keep you damn secret , just do not let we die in space ! kruge turn impassively to he gunner , and nod . the gunner press the fire button . 26 space - the vessel - ( ilm ) 26 the klingon Bird fire another salvo . the merchantman be obliterate . debris float through the shot . 27 int . bridge - bird of prey 27 the scream have stop . kruge 's beat react with pleasure . Officer maltz observe this , subtly wipe he forehead , but make sure kruge do not see he . kruge pet he beast , then straighten , recording in hand . kruge I will be in my quarter . execute course to the federation boundary . maltz yes , my lord ! as kruge start out , the beast growls . kruge stop , point a finger at a klingon in the sub-deck below . kruge ( feed he ! ) the klingon nod vigorously as kruge exit , then , with he commander go , cast a nervous glance beast - ward . 28 crewman be Pov - the snarling beat ( ilm ) 28 a face only a klingon could love . CUT to : 29 ext . space - the genesis planet - ( ilm shot ) 29 into shot come USS Grissom , orbit . 30 int . bridge - grissom - close - science monitor 30 much visual display and beeping . pull back to find saavik , David -- with esteban over they shoulder . saavik New orbit commence ... come up on sector three ... david short range scan . saavik ( activate ; study ) as before ... metallic mass ... verify triminium photon tube ... no new data . david check for trace radiation . infrare enhancement . saavik ( she respond ) ... Radiation residual ... level be minimal ... suddenly the beeps be join in harmony by a new and subtly different SOUND . saavik look at David , who move closer to she screen , study it with grow intensity as she adjust the control , and the SOUND increase in volume . david I do not believe it ... esteban what be it ? saavik if equipment be function properly , indication be -- a animal life form . esteban ( to David ) you say there would not be any . david there should not be any . only plant form be build into the Genesis matrix . saavik ( she 's re-check ) Cross reference and verify . a unidentifiable life form read . comm officer do you wish to advise starfleet , sir ? esteban wait a minute ...! we do not know what we be talk about here ... david why do not we beam it up ? esteban oh no you do not ! regulation specifically state : " nothing shall be beam aboard until danger of contamination have be eliminate . " can you guarantee that ? david not from here , no . saavik Captain ... the logical alternative be obvious ... beam down to the surface be permit ... esteban " ... if the Captain decide that the mission be vital and reasonably free of danger . " I know the book , saavik . david Captain , please -- we will take the risk . we have get to find out what it be ... saavik ... or who . the implication be not lose on esteban . after a moment : esteban all right -- get you gear . I will put you down next time around . david thank you ... Sir ! CUT to : 31 ext . space - the earth - orbiting spacedock - 31 ( ilm shot ) with the grandeur of the horizon arc of the great blue marble as a backdrop , spacedock orbit . into shot come Enterprise , head toward the wait port . 32 int . bridge - USS enterprise - ( ilm element ) 32 the bustle and crackling sound of approach procedure . kirk be in the Captain 's chair , all other be on sta - tion . scotty have come up from below to watch the show . kirk standby automatic approach system ... advise approach control . uhura approach control ... this be Enterprise . ready for docking maneuver . controller ( v.o . ) Enterprise be clear to dock . kirk lock on ! sulu system lock . the bridge light change to docking mode . kirk spacedock , you have control . controller ( v.o . ) affirmative , Enterprise . enjoy the ride , and welcome home . kirk Enterprise confirm . with thanks ... 33 ext . spacedock - series of shot - ( ilm ) 33 the slowly rotate spacedock be huge . Enterprise be come in on a arc-like course . the great door of approach threshold 15 slide open ... Enterprise , with unerr precision , slip from space into the small open afforded by the door ... and ... 34 int . spacedock - series of shot - ( ilm ) 34 a huge , cavernous area , deign as a orbital dock for many space vessel . we see Enterprise enter this great warehouse of ship through the door , and proceed at slow impulse power to she wait birth . 35 another angle ( ilm ) 35 introduce nx 2000 , excelsior , a super starship . her line be similar to Enterprise , but she be clearly bigger , sleeker , and very new . she sit at she moor like the new Queen of Space . 35a int . enterprise bridge - favoring viewscreen - 35 a ( ilm element ) the excelsior be on screen for all to see . uhura would you look at that ? kirk my friend , the great experiment : excelsior , ready for trial run ... sulu she 's suppose to have transwarp drive ... scotty aye . and if my grandmother have wheel , she would be a wagon . kirk Mr. Scott ... scotty I be sorry , sir , but as far as I be concerned , there 's nothin ' need for space travel that this old girl do not already have . kirk come , come , scotty . Young mind . Fresh idea . ( dryly ) be tolerant . 36 int . spacedock - the cafeteria ( fx shot with ilm 36 element ) through the window of a spacedock facility , a few loung starfleet person look up to see a memorable sight ... ... battle -scarre Enterprise be pass alongside of the sleek excelsior . they size differential be apparent ( B - 29 to B - 17 ) . yet , Enterprise carry with she a battle - scar history of achievement . some of the starfleet people begin to rise , silently . a stand - ing ovation for a hero 's return . 37 int . enterprise bridge - favoring kirk 37 computer ( v.o . ) Enterprise , stand by for final docking procedure . kirk stand by ... Mr. sulu , activate mooring ... stand by umbilical and gravitational support system ... sulu aye , sir , mooring activate ... all system stand by ... chekov ( abruptly ) Admiral ... this be not possible . kirk Mr. chekov -- ? chekov a energy read from ' C " deck -- from inside Mr. spock 's quarter ... kirk ( not patiently ) Mr. chekov , I order spock 's quarter seal ! chekov yes , sir , I seal the room myself . nevertheless -- I be read a life form there . kirk rise on the narrow edge of irritation . kirk Mr. chekov -- this entire crew seem on the edge of obsessive behavior concern Mr. spock . ( stay chekov 's protest ) I will have a look ... Mr. sulu , continue docking procedure . he exit , as the rest of the crew react . chekov shrug to all , indicate that he see what he see . and the camera move close to he panel to verify he belief . on screen -- a energy form be definitely pulsate . 38 int . enterprise corridor - on elevator door 38 as they hiss open , and kirk appear . a soft alarm be beeping o.s. kirk assess this , he mood change to puzzle concern . he start purposefully out of shot . 39 corridor sector - tracking with kirk 39 he be walk quickly , as the alarm SOUND increase in frequency . he react : break into a trot , camera speed up with he until he arrive at the entrance to spock 's quarter . he examine with shock : a seal - ant coating over the door have be force with indica - tion of great strength . the alarm continue , loud now . kirk turn it off with a touch , then cautiously start in , convinced the problem be real . 40 int . spock's quarter - low key lighting 40 it be dark and shadowy as kirk enter . he peer , try - ing to adjust he eyesight to the darkness . he step forward carefully -- trip temporarily on some small object -- but recover . he move slowly inward , then stop , stare into the impenetrable dark . then he react , as we hear spock's voice . it be hoarse , raspy , as it be in the final scene with kirk in Star Trek ii . but be unmistakably spock . the voice Jim ... help I ... take I ... up the step ... of mount seleya ... through the hall of ancient think ... 41 close - kirk 41 shaken now . he strain into the darkness , look -- 41a kirk Pov 41a camera pan the darken room and come to rest as we see a shadowy figure in the far corner . 41b back to kirk 41b as he start forward , all sense alert . as he near the figure , whoever it be start to flee , and kirk grapples with he , like Jacob with the dark angel . and kirk pull he down , panting , and the figure be il - luminate by a shaft of light , and it be -- 42 two shot 42 -- Bones mccoy . emotionally drain , eye wide -- kirk Bones , what the hell be you do ? have you lose you mind ! mccoy ( he own voice , but raspy , drain ) ... help I , Jim ... take I home . kirk that 's where we be , Bones . we be home . mccoy ... then perhaps there be still time ... climb the step , Jim ... climb the step of mount seleya ... kirk mount seleya ? Bones , mount seleya be on vulcan ! we be home on Earth ! Bones look at he , try to comprehend . when he open he mouth ; it be , for one brief moment , spock be voice that emerge : mccoy ( in spock 's voice ) remember ! ( and again ) remember ! kirk stare at he in shock as : uhura ( v.o. ) Admiral : docking be complete . starfleet Commander morrow be on he way for inspection . kirk , still hold mccoy : kirk uhura ! get the medic down here ! get they now ! he cradle mccoy who have go limp . kirk Bones , it 's all right ... as he hold he friend , rock he gently , we overlap the shrill SOUND of a electronic boatswwin' pipe . CUT to : 43 int . enterprise torpedo BAY / docking chamber 43 the entire crew be assemble as the SOUND of the pipe finise -- and the great docking door open . sulu tetsch -hut ! starfleet commander morrow enter , a distinguished look black man , follow by a aide . he cross to kirk at the head of the review line . kirk welcome aboard , Admiral . morrow welcome home , Jim . he reach for kirk 's shoulder with affection . morrow ( continue ) well do . he embrace kirk . it be both a military courtesy , and a personal expression , twenty - five year of comrade - ship , service and sacrifice . kirk be move . when the embrace break : kirk thank you , sir . ( wryly ) I take it this be not a formal inspection . a relieved ripple of laughter from all . morrow no . at ease , everyone . they relax in the glow of morrow 's smile . and he look about . morrow ( continue ) where 's Doctor mccoy ? kirk ( a beat ) indispose , sir . morrow ah , too bad ... well ... you have all do remarkable service under the most -- difficult of condition . you will be receive starfleet 's high commendation , and more importantly , extend shore leave . a buzz of approval , then : morrow ( continue ) that be , all but you , Mr. Scott . they need you wisdom on the new excelsior ... report there tomorrow as Captain of Engineering . it be clear how scotty feel about this honor : scotty with all appreciation , sir , I would prefer to supervise the refit of Enterprise . morrow yes , well ... that really will not be necessary ... scotty but sir -- this refit will take a practice hand . there 's much to do -- ( a look at kirk ) it could be month . morrow no , Mr. Scott , I be sorry ... there be not go to be a refit . a pall in the room . kirk , as shocked as anyone . kirk Admiral , I do not understand . the Enterprise -- morrow Jim , the Enterprise be twenty year old . we think she day be over ... kirk but , we have request -- we be hope to take she back to Genesis ... morrow ( a new concern ) Genesis ?! whatever for ? kirk why -- a natural desire to help finish the work we begin ! morrow that 's out of the question . no one be go to Genesis ! kirk May I ask why ...? morrow ( a sigh ) Jim , in you absence , Genesis have become a galactic controversy ... until the federation Council make policy , you be all under order not to discuss with anyone you knowledge of Genesis ... consider it a quarantine planet . and a forbidden subject . on they baffle reaction we ... CUT to : 44 ext . space - the bird of prey - ( ilm shot ) 44 we be tracking with she through space . she be quite visible , she wing in level configuration . 45 int . bridge - bird of prey - very close - monitor 45 at first we be disorient . Jim kirk 's image fill the screen talk right at US . kirk image to fully understand the event on which I report , it be necessary to review the theoretical data on the Genesis device ... we be pulling back . the bridge be light normally . on screen , kirk 's voice now continue , describe what we see : molecular chart , follow by a barren graphic depiction of a planetoid . toward it a torpedo arc , cause fire , inferno , and a result new surface , capable of bear life . ( computer graphic , STAR trek ii . ) this be be watch on the bridge by kruge , maltz , and officer torg , young than maltz , more gung - ho . 46 intercut - the genesis tape 46 with the reaction of the two junior officer , see it for the first time . 47 back to scene 47 kruge turn the machine off . he study the two officer . then with quiet intensity : kruge so ! ( to torg ) speak ! torg great power ... to control ... dominate ... destroy . if it work . kruge consider the answer , turn to maltz . kruge speak . matlz ( thoughtfully ) impressive ... they con make planet ... possibility be endless ... colony , resource ... kruge yes ... New city , home in the country ... you woman at you side ... child play at you foot ... and overhead , flutter in the breeze ... the flag of the federation . charm ... ( hiss at maltz ) Station ! maltz yes , my lord ! maltz snap to and leave , chasten . kruge turn to torg like a wily serpent . kruge it work . oh yes , it work . he press a button and a new visual appear , kirk 's voice hear over : kirk ( v.o . ) " ... it be this premature detonation of the Genesis device that result in the creation of the Genesis planet ... " we see Enterprise flee the Genesis explosion ( stock , STAR trek ii ) . torg be very impressed . kruge turn the visual off . then , importantly : kruge share this with no one . torg understood , my lord . kruge we be go to this " planet . " even as we emissary negotiate for " peace " with the federation , we will act for the preservation of we race ! we will seize the secret of this weapon . the secret of ultimate power ! torg ( whisper ) success , my lord . kruge Station ! torg cross out , kruge turn toward he chair , kneel to pet he beast as we hear : helmsman ( v.o . ) ( my lord : approach federation territory ... ) kruge ( steady on course ... engage cloaking device ! ) helmsman ( v.o . ) ( cloak device -- engage ! ) light change ... electronic SOUND begins ... and : 48 ext . space - bird of prey - ( ilm cloaking effect ) 48 the ship , sectionally , vanish before we eye . CUT to : 49 space - the genesis planet - ( ilm ) 49 USS Grissom be orbit . we hear : esteban ( v.o . ) transporter room , stand by to energize ... 50 ext . surface of the genesis planet - ( beam down 50 effect ) we be panning . a area of great primal beauty , poet - ic , romantic . a smoky haze persist . the pan stop as we hear a familiar ENERGY SOUND : and saavik and David begin to appear in the beam down effect . 51 closer angle - saavik and david 51 fully materialize . they be equip with scientific backpack . they tricorders bleep reassuringly , as they look about . saavik ( look as perplex as she can ) saavik to Grissom . request computer study of soil sample for geological aging . david ( cut in ) I will handle that later . saavik my reading indicate great instability . david we be not here to investigate geological aging , we be here to find life form ! his tricorder bleep . david ( continue ) come on ... saavik react to he tension with a question look . then they move off . 52 int . grissom bridge - favoring esteban ( intercut 52 with saavik ) he and he officer be monitoring the progress of the landing party . data sound fill the bridge . then , lt . hine point something out on a viewscreen . esteban Grissom to landing party . we have you approach radioactive indication . do you concur ? saavik ( v.o . ) affirmative , Captain . we reading be well below danger level . esteban very well . Exercise caution , Lieutenant . this landing be Captain 's discretion and I be the one who 's out on a limb . saavik ( v.o . ) I will try to remember that , Captain . 53 ext . genesis planet - high shot - spock's glade - day 53 David be in the lead , a distant figure , then stop to take reading as saavik catch up to he . then to - gether they start forward toward US . as they approach , high camera now lower until it reveal , in f.g. , spock 's casket . 54 ext . genesis planet - series of shot ( ilm ) 54 the two explorer take reading ; they begin to realize what they be head for ... they tempo increase , they follow they tricorder , until ... 55 ext . genesis - spock's casket in foreground 55 saavik and David come into view , close by , and stop , see it . david . .. spock 's tube ... saavik ( step forward , point ) David -- he join she , stare at : 56 Pov - spock's casket - ( ilm shot ) 56 at the base of the tube , worm - like form shimmy and squirm . they be small , horrible , and unquestionably alive . 57 saavik and david 57 they try to maintain they scientific objectivity , in spite of they horror -- and they disappointment at not find some trace of spock . david well . there 's you life form read . this be microbe on the tube 's surface . we shot they here from Enterprise . ( with irony ) they be fruitful , and multiply . saavik but ... how could they have evolve so quickly ...? David do not answer , he curiosity catch by something else . he start slowly forward , saavik follow close . they tricorder begin to register higher radia - tion level as they approach the tube . 58 series of shot - ( production & ilm ) 58 David and saavik 's face as they approach . foot step among the wormy creature to gain access to the tube . ( ilm ) even the unemotional saavik react to this . David reach the tube , raise the lid of spock 's bier . he look inside , and see : 59 david' Pov into spock's casket 59 it be empty , except for some kind of rumple black cloth . 60 back to david 60 he react , stunne . david saavik ... he 's go . he reach in , withdraw the shroud-like cloth , and hand it to saavik . as she touch , she know . david ( continue ) what be it ? saavik spock 's burial robe . as they stare at each other without answer , the planet make a gentle rumbling SOUND -- then the ground qui- ver slightly . and in the far distance , a poignant cry be hear . a young animal in pain , perhaps . saavik and David do not know . CUT to : 61 int . kirk apartment - view of the BAY - night 61 tranquil . we hear the sound of harbor and distant CITY . we be pulling back , past kirk as he stare qui- etly at the view , a glass in hand . then he turn 'round , raise he glass in a toast . kirk absent friend . angle widen to include uhura , chekov and sulu , who toast in response , and drink . sulu ... Admiral , what 's go to happen to Enterprise ? kirk she 's to be decommission . chekov will we get another ship ? kirk I can not get a answer . starfleet be up to its brass in galactic conference . no one have time for that who only stand ... and wait . kirk sip he drink thoughtfully , as do all . then : uhura how be Doctor mccoy , sir ? kirk that 's the good news . he 's home in bed , full of tranquilizers , and he promise I he would stay there ... they say it 's exhaustion ... ( a sigh ) we will see . a door chime . kirk ( continue ) ah. Mr. Scott , fresh from the world of transwarp drive ... come ! they all turn toward the door . we hear it whirr open , o.s . they expression change and they stare at : 62 there Pov - angle toward the door 62 a tall , mysterious figure in a hood vulcan robe walk slowly toward we , then stop , close , face unseen . be it Bones ?... a spock apparition ? the figure remove he hood , revealing the distinguished older feature of : 63 back to group - favoring kirk 63 kirk ( astonished ) sarek ! a hush of wonder fall over all . the angle widen as ambassador sarek come to kirk . kirk ( continue ) ambassador , I -- I have no idea you be here ... ( then ) I think you know my crew ... sarek I will speak with you alone , kirk . kirk turn to he crew . they look at he questioningly . kirk Excuse we , please . the crew , they concern show , leave they glass and file out . sarek step to the bay window , look out in contemplation , he back to kirk . with the other go , kirk come up behind sarek . a pause . then : kirk ( continue ) sarek ... I would have come to vulcan ... to express my deep sympathy ... sarek ( raise a hand ) spare I you human platitude , kirk . I have be to you government . I have see the Genesis information , and you own report . kirk then you know how bravely you son meet he death . sarek " met he death " ? ( turn on kirk ) how could you , he friend , have assume that ? why do you leave he on Genesis ! spock trust you -- and you deny he he future ! kirk I -- see no future -- sarek you miss the point , then and now ... only he body be " in death , " kirk ! and you be the last one to be with he . kirk yes , I be ... sarek then you must know that you should have come with he to vulcan . kirk but -- why ? sarek because he ask you to ! he entrust you with he very essence -- with everything be not of the body . he ask you to bring he to we -- and to bring that which he give you : he katra . his live spirit . kirk ( deeply , quietly ) sir. you son mean more to I than you can know . I would have give my life if it would have save he . you must believe I when I tell you that he make no request of I ! sarek he would not have speak of it openly . kirk then , how -- sarek ( interrupt ) kirk , I must have you thought . May I join you mind ? kirk of course ...! sarek step close to kirk as camera push in very close . sarek 's hand be on kirk 's temple in familiar splay fashion . and the eye of both man be close . 64 mind meld sequence 64 ( this can be literal , or can be illustrate by sub - liminal film from trek ii . to be determine . ) strange , sub-musical sound underscore . the music of vulcan , unlike anything we have ever hear before . after a moment : sarek ... he speak of you friendship . kirk ( semi-trance ) yes ... sarek he ask you not to grieve ... kirk ... yes ... sarek ... the need of the many outweigh ... kirk ... the need of the few ... sarek ... or the one . kirk ... spock ... sarek I have be ... and always shall be ... you friend . live long ... and prosper ! kirk ... no ...! ` kirk , bath with sweat , suddenly shudder in pain . sarek open he eye , remove he hand . he touch kirk with gentleness as Jim recover , open he eye . 65 angle - sarek and kirk 65 sarek forgive I . it be not here . I assume he have mind - meld with you . it be the vulcan way when the body 's end be near . kirk but he could not touch I ...! we be separate ! sarek I see ... and I understand . ( rise wearily ) then everything that he be ... everything that he know ... be lose . and when I return home empty-hand , many shall mourn . he turn now , start for the door . kirk stop he with a agonize wail : kirk please wait !... surely he would have find a way ! if there be so much at stake -- spock would have find a way ! sarek ( hesitate ) yes ... but -- how ...? kirk ( rise ) sarek !... what if he meld with someone else ?! on they exchange of look -- 66 int . SMALL electronic CENTER 66 we be very close on a electronic screen . there be the freeze face of spock with he hand splay on the engine room glass . a mechanical voice tell we : computer voice engine room , Flight recorder Visual . stardate 8128 point seven eight , point seven eight , point seven eight -- kirk ( v.o. ) back . Point seven seven . the tape begin to speed backwards in a scramble image . 67 reverse angle - close - kirk ( intercut with screen ) 67 his face intense . the SOUND of backward tape be hear . then it stop . on screen : spock and kirk in they final conversation . kirk watch a moment , painfully , then break off : kirk back . Point seven six . the computer respond . more backward SOUND , then : computer voice Flight recorder visual . stardate 8128 point 76 , point 76 -- kirk go. the tape activate . on screen we watch spock enter the engine room , go to the console . he make a few adjust - ment then head for the radiation room where he be intercept by mccoy . kirk stare in grow fascination . mccoy talk to spock briefly . spock trick mccoy into look away , then apply the vulcan nerve pinch . Bones fall . on screen : spock move close to mccoy , take glove from the unconscious Scott , then place he hand on mccoy 's temple . spock's image remember . kirk hold ! he stare at the freeze image , then : kirk ( continue ) augment and repeat ! the camera zoom in a tight two shot . the action repeat : spock's voice remember ! kirk ( breathlessly ) freeze ...! the image of the critical mind meld be there to see . kirk be stunne . camera angle widen now , to reveal for the first time that sarek be with kirk in the shadowy room . kirk Bones !... sarek one alive , one not . yet both in pain . kirk what must I do ? sarek you must bring they to mount selaya -- on vulcan . only there be the passage possible . only there can both find peace ... kirk what you ask be difficult . sarek you will find a way , kirk . if you honor they both , you must . kirk look at the screen , examine all that be clear to he , and accept the truth of sarek 's challenge . kirk I will . I swear . over he determine face , we hear a weird overlapped SOUND : the strange cry of pain from the Genesis Planet . CUT to : 68 omitted 68 69 ext . genesis planet - area 2 69 a different texture than the spock glade . cactus growth , seem desert , yet ... slightly gnarled , slightly off . over this empty landscape there be another tremble of the earth . and again , the cry . 70 up angle - area 2 70 the SOUND of running footstep . then David and saavik run ino shot stare o.s. as the cry repeat itself . they stare o.s. and see : 71 there Pov - vista - ( ilm shot ) 71 past the tall cactus in f.g. , we see snow - cover ter - rain in the middle distance . the cry be hear once more . 72 back to they 72 saavik we hear it whenever the ground quake . David 's tricorder be make life form sound . saavik whip out she communicator . saavik ( continue ; to communicator ) Captain , this be saavik . we have strong life sign reading bear zero-one - five relative , and we be proceeding to investigate . esteban ( v.o . ) we concur , saavik . and saavik ... be advise we be read a severe and unnatural age curve on the planet . I be get nervous ... saavik ( a look to David ) do you have a explanation ? david later . let 's go ... saavik Grissom , you message acknowledge . will advise ... out . and she hurry after David . 73 int . bridge - grissom - favoring esteban 73 esteban USS Grissom , out . ( bend over he science station ) what the hell 's go on down there ?! 74 ext . genesis planet - area 3 - snowscape ( ilm -- 74 vistavision ) David lead , saavik catch up as they enter a snow - cover patch of ground . camera track with they now as the wind begin to howl , and the first visible snow - flake begin to fall . as the wind and snow increase , cause they to hold they hand up against the ele - ment , they stop and stare outward . 75 there Pov 75 in the snow - cover landscape ahead of they , a series of track . small , indeterminate . they lead ahead . 76 back to saavik and david 76 they respond . the wind howl , but they start forward . CUT to : 77 int . starfleet officer's lounge - admiral morrow 77 - night morrow no. absolutely not , Jim , it 's out of the question ! angle have widened to include kirk , a passionate kirk . kirk ( deeply ) Harry . I be off the record now . I be not speak as one of you staff . I be talk about thirty year of service . I have to do this , Harry . it have to do with my honor , my life -- everything I put any value on . the intimacy of the conversation be break by a star - fleet steward who bear drink . kirk sit in frus - trate suspension until the steward leave . then kirk try to resume he plea , but morrow stay he . morrow Jim ... you be my best officer and if I have a best friend , you would be that too . but I be Commander , starfleet , so I do not break rule ! kirk do not quote rule , Harry ! we be talk about loyalty . and sacrifice . one man who die for we , another who have deep emotional damage -- morrow now wait a minute ! this business about spock and mccoy ... honestly , I have never understand vulcan mysticism -- I be sorry ! but part of I do not want you to make a fool of yourself ... understand ? kirk Harry , you do not have to believe ! I be not even sure I believe . but if there 's even a chance that spock have a eternal soul -- then that be my responsibility . morrow your ...?! kirk as surely as if it be my own ! ( deeply ) Harry , give I back the Enterprise ! with scotty 's help ... morrow no , Jim ! Enterprise would never stand the pound . kirk then I will find a ship -- I will hire a ship . morrow out of the question ! the Council have order that no one but the science team go to Genesis ! kirk ( desperately ) then let I speak to the Council ! Harry , please ! I can make they understand !! kirk 's voice and passion have rise enough to now gather a response from neighbor table . kirk be - alize ; he check himself , draw slightly back . morrow be firm . morrow no , you understand ...! the Council have its hand full with klingon and romulan ! they be try to hammer out a treaty on the Genesis device and they have not get time for you personal view on friendship and metaphysic ! ( beat ) Jim ! you life and you career stand for rationality , not intellectual chaos . keep up this emotional behavior and you will lose everything . you will destroy yourself ! ( deeply ) do you hear I , Jim ? kirk look for a long moment , then sigh , he body sagging . kirk yes ... I hear you . ( a beat ) I just have to try . morrow of course ... now take my suggestion , enjoy you leave -- and let all this tension blow away . kirk ( a sigh ) you be right . ( toast ) thanks for the drink . morrow any time . kirk rise with a smile , start out . hold on morrow . 78 moving with kirk 78 he cross the room fill with starfleet senior officer , camera tracking until he pass out of the main room , into the entry room -- where we be sur - prise to see sulu and chekov wait for he conspir - atorially . kirk stop close to they , look about cau - tiously . sulu the word , sir ? kirk the word be no . ( a beat ) I be therefore go anyway . sulu Count on we help , sir . kirk I will need it , sulu . chekov shall I alert Dr. mccoy ? kirk yes . he have a long journey ahead . CUT to : 79 int . bar - night 79 a crowded , smoke - fill water hole of the twenty - third century , fill with a smatter of civilian , starfleet personnel , and visitor from strange and far - off civilization . it do not have the bizarre quali- tie of the " Star Wars bar " which be across the street . mccoy be discover enter the bar . he be haggard , less than clean shave . he appear to be look for something as he start forward . 80 he Pov - moving through the bar ( ilm element ) 80 note patron at the twenty - third century equivalent of video game , dart . we see two people play at a holographic version of a video game , in which World War 1 biplane be engage in 3 - d combat ... and a dart player throw pneumatic jet propel dart ... 81 back to mccoy 81 not find what he be look for , he settles into a small alcove . a seedy , but attractive waitress be - rive . waitress Long time , doc. mccoy yeah ... anyone ... be look for I ? waitress I have ... but what 's the use ? ( a smile ) what will it be ? mccoy altair water ... ( grandly ) specially carbonate from underground fissure . waitress not you usual poison . mccoy ( confuse ) to expect one to order poison in a bar be not logical . ( he catch himself ) Excuse I ... I be on medication . waitress get it . she leave . mccoy scan the room . he pick out some - one approach . 82 angle - the alien 82 a exotic-looking grubby fellow with a big grin , make he way unmistakably to mccoy 's booth . pull back with he as he reach it , and slide in ebulliently . alien hello ! welcome to you planet . mccoy I think that 's my line , stranger . alien oh , forgive . I here be new . but you be know , be mccoy from Enterprise . mccoy you have I at a disadvantage , sir . you be -- alien I name not important . you seek i. message receive . available ship stand by . mccoy good . how soon and how much ? alien how soon be now . how much be where ? mccoy where ... alien be yes . where ? mccoy ... somewhere in the mutara sector . alien oh. mutara restrict . take permit many . money , more . mccoy there be not go to be any damn permit ! ( check room ) how can you get a permit to do a damn illegal thing ?! ( then ) look , price you name , money I get . alien you name place , I name money . otherwise , bargain , no . mccoy ( get louder ) alright , dammit . it 's Genesis . the name of the place we be go be Genesis . alien ( genuinely shocked ) Genesis ! mccoy Genesis , yes . how can you be deaf with ear like that ? alien Genesis allow be not ... be planet forbidden . mccoy now listen to I , my backwards friend ! ( grab the alien by the collar ) Genesis may be " planet forbidden , " but I be damn well -- mccoy be interrupt by a hand on he arm . he look up to see a nondescript- look civilian , with a gentle , ingratiate manner . civilian Sir ... I be sorry , but you voice be carry . I do not think you want to be discuss this subject in public . mccoy I will discuss what I like , and who the hell be you ?! civilian could I offer you a ride home , Dr. mccoy ? mccoy where 's the logic in offer I a ride home , you idiot ! if I want a ride home , would I be try to charter a space flight ?! ( then ) how the hell do you know who I be ? civilian federation Security , sir . it 's a bad moment for the agent to have announce he - self . a desperate Bones release the alien and rise to he foot just as the waitress arrive with he alt - air water on a tray . the altair water spill on the alien . 83 series of cut 83 the alien , hit by the water , leap to he foot in rage . the waitress be knock into a group of people . more spilling of drink . a bystander , think the alien hit the waitress , hit he . a general scuffle begin . meanwhile , mccoy try to race around the " civilian 's " end of the confusion , but the agent ( very big ) , grab he . Bones , in confusion and panic , suddenly turn , wild -ey , and attempt a vulcan nerve pinch on he tormentor . the nerve pinch have absolutely no effect , and the agent stare at Bones for a long moment . civilian you be go to get a nice , long rest , Doctor . he usher Bones out as the brouhaha continue in b.g. CUT to : 84 ext genesis planet - area 3 - snowscape 84 it be snow now , and the wind wail as saavik and David appear and come forward into a close shot . the life sign sound of they tricorder be beeping faster now as they peer ahead into the snow . then saavik suddenly point : 85 Pov - through the snowfall 85 something alive move across the front , obscure by snow and terrain . 86 back to they - moving camera ( intercut with Pov ) 86 as they start forward into the snow , saavik draw she phaser . they peer ahead , see nothing but the bleep of they tricorder which they follow like a beacon . they Pov moving through the snow flurry , catch a occasional hint of something ahead which spur they on . then , with the tricorder beep indicate very close proximity , they stop and intuitively saavik indicate to David to turn the tricorder off . as the beep stop , they listen and hear the tiniest of whimper amid the wind . they start out excitedly ... 87 the crevice ( and intercut Pov be ) 87 as saavik and David approach . stop. tricorder back on . Big read . they step forward through the snow flurry to see : 88 int . the crevice - the boy 88 a wild thing with scraggly hair , perhaps nine or ten year old . he cover he nakedness as he shiver in the cold clutching a injure leg ; he watch the stranger , and they beeping machine in hypnotic fear . 89 the scene - in the crevice 89 at saavik 's gesture , David turn off he tricorder . saavik move close . as she touch the Boy 's leg , he pull back and she reach out to he face , and touch he cheek softly . he accept watchfully . then saavik slide she hand slowly and part the scraggly hair . the Boy be a vulcan . saavik and David exchange and astonished look . then she cover the boy with spock 's robe , and in vulcan : saavik ( I be saavik ... can you speak ? ) the Boy do not respond . saavik look to David . david ( in awe ) the Genesis Wave ... his cell could have be regenerate ... reformed -- quietly , so as not to alarm the Boy , saavik open she communicator and report softly : saavik Captain , this be saavik . come in , please ... esteban ( v.o. ) yes , saavik , go ahead ... savvik we have find the life sign . it be a vulcan child , perhaps eight to ten year of age . esteban ( v.o. ) a child ! that 's extraodinary . how do he get there ?! saavik it be Dr. Marcus ' opinion that this be -- that the Genesis effect have in some way regenerate -- Captain spock . 90 int . bridge - grissom - favoring esteban ( intercut 90 with planet ) there be a moment of uncertainty between esteban and he science officer that should be one of the grand laugh of this film . esteban ( slowly and carefully ) ah , saavik , that 's , ah , extroadinary . what would you , ah , like to do next ? saavik ( v.o. ) request permission to beam aboard immediately . esteban saavik ... do Dr. Marcus think there could be -- any chance of -- ah -- radioactive contamination ? saavik ( v.o. ) none that I can detect , sir . esteban well , all the same , I be go to advise starfleet and get instruction . on the planet , saavik and David exchange a frustrated look . saavik ( v.o. ) I be sure starfleet would approve , sir . esteban I know , but -- let 's do it by the book . stand by on this channel . ( to comm Officer ) go. comm officer starfleet Command , this be the USS Grissom on sub-space code channel ninety eight point eight . come in , please ... there be a odd SOUND on the speaker . below , David and saavik wait impatiently . then , on the bridge : comm officer ( continue ) Sir ... something 's jam we transmission . a energy surge . esteban locate . comm officer surge from astern , sir . aft quarter ! esteban on screen . on monitor , a starfield aappear , with some kind of energy interference . a heat - like distortion of one area of the picture be evident . then , suddenly , by mean of the de-cloak effect , the Bird of prey be dead on a at close range in attack configuration . esteban oh , my God ! 91 int . bridge - bird of prey - favoring kruge 91 & & 91a 91a kruge ( tube one , target , engine section only ! ) gunner ( ready ! ) 91b space - bird of prey stalk grissom - ( ilm ) 91b 92 back to bridge - grisssom ( intercut with planet & bird 92 of prey ) esteban Red alert ! raise shield ! saavik ( v.o. ) Captain , what 's happen ?! esteban we be under attack ! stand by for evasive -- stand by for -- 93 int . bird of prey 93 kruge ( Fire ! ) 94 ext . space - grissom f.g. , bird of prey , close b.g. - 94 ( ilm ) the bird fire a klingon photon torpedo which whooshes the relatively short distance to the peaceful Grissom and , shockingly -- blow she to bit with one shot . 95 the genesis planet - saavik , david - the boy 95 saavik Captain !... come in , Captain ! 96 int . bridge - bird of prey 96 kruge turn to he gunner . kruge ( I tell you , engine station only !!) kruge 's beast growls . gunner ( a fortunate mistake , sir ... ) kruge ( I want prisoner ! ) the beast growls again as kruge , in a rage , pull out he phaser and fire , obliterate the gunner . no one in the crew seem to take this as unusual behavior . and kruge add , for he own justification : kruge ( continue ) Animal ! kruge 's beast add he contempt to this message . as kruge stalk from he chair -- torg Sir , may I suggest -- kruge ( whirling ) say the wrong thing , torg , and I will kill you too ! torg I only mean , my lord , that if it 's prisoner you want -- ( point to screen ) there be life sign on the planet . perhaps the very scientist you seek . kruge cock a eye , examine the screen . kruge very good . 97 genesis planet - the crevice 97 saavik ... Grissom ... this be saavik on emergency frequency ... come in please ...! static be hear on she communicator . she fold it close in resignation . that unnerve David . david saavik ... my god , what happen to they ? saavik it would seem that Grissom be destroy by a enemy attack . david you mean , we be strand down here ?! saavik logic indicate that be the case . david how can you be logical at a time like this ?! we have to get thee hell off this planet ! saavik that may be difficult ... david why do not you just call for help ! saavik I have already make one transmission too many ... David look at she , understanding now , look away in despair . he cover he face with he hand now . saavik ( continue ) it 's time for total truth between we . ( then ) this planet be not what you intend , or hope for , be it ? david ( ironically ) not exactly . saavik why ? david ( a pause ) I use protomatter in the Genesis matrix . saavik protomatter . a unstable substance which every ethical scientist in the galaxy have denounce as dangerously unpredictable . david ( defensive ) it be the only way to solve certain problem -- saavik do you collaborator know ? david my mother know nothing about it . that 's why I ask she to leave Genesis in my hand . saavik so , like you father , you change the rule ... david if I have not , it might have be year -- or never ! saavik and how many have pay the price for you impatience ? how many have die ? how much damage have you do ... and what be yet to come ? David look at she , accept the truth of what she say . CUT to : 98 int . prison cell - close shot - night 98 Bones mccoy be lie on a cot ; we be not yet certain of he mental state , though he look like a man with a very bad hangover . from o.s. : guard 1 ( v.o. ) you get a visitor , Doc . ( then ) make it quick , Admiral . they be move he to the federation funny farm . 99 angle toward cell door 99 kirk and guard 1 stand in the doorway which be frame by line of light indicate a force field . kirk be in civilian clothes . kirk yes , poor friend . I hear he 's fruity as a nutcake . guard 1 two minute . the Guard place a electronic " key " against a plate on the wall . Force light blink out . as kirk enter the cell , the Guard reactivate the force field and leave . kirk move quickly to Bones , kneel beside he . mccoy Jim -- kirk shhh . how many finger up ? kirk hold up he hand in the vulcan salute , finger splay . mccoy that 's not very damn funny . kirk ( reach in pocket ) good , you sense of humor 's return . mccoy the hell it have . kirk withdraw syringe . mccoy ( continue ) what 's that ? kirk lexorin . mccoy lexorin ?! what for ? kirk you be suffer from a vulcan mind meld , Doctor . mccoy ... spock ?! kirk that 's right . mccoy ... that green blooded son of a bitch !... it 's he revenge for all the argument he lose ... kirk give I you arm . this will make you well enough to travel . ( be syringe ) how do you do this anyway ? 100 int . prison outer office - angle on entry door - night 100 a second guard be on duty with guard 1 as the door slide open and sulu enter with some urgency . sulu where 's Admiral kirk ? guard 1 he 's with the prisoner . sulu get he quickly . Commander , starfleet want he right away . Guard 1 fish for he electronic key and leave . Guard 2 , a big , paunchy man , stretch he girth and yawn . sulu ( continue ) keeping you busy ? guard 2 do not get smart , tiny . 101 cell entry at doorway 101 Guard 1 apply he device to the cell electronic plate . Force field blink out . guard 1 Admiral ... starfleet be ... kirk ( stop he ) this man be sick ! look at he ! as the Guard move to Bones , kirk drop he with a martial chop . kirk ( continue ) can you move ? mccoy yah -- that 's great stuff . and they start out of shot . 102 prison office 102 a buz be hear from the Guard 's console . Guard 2 pick up a earpiece ( like uhura 's ) , hold it to ear and answer . guard 2 Sixth floor holding ... yah , come up and get he , he visitor 's just leave . ( a beat ) what ? well , some Admiral name of -- kirk . ( much squawk in ear ) well how be I suppose to know -- ? he 's a damn Admiral ! he unplug furiously , rise determinedly , and start for the door which , just before he reach it , slide open , revealing kirk and Bones . guard 2 ( continue ) what the hell 's go -- he be cut short by a savage martial chop deliver by sulu from behind . sulu the side elevator . Agents on they way up . kirk nod and , follow by Bones , move to the outer door , open it , and they hurry out . meanwhile , sulu have step to the master console , a bank of flash light and comm equipment . he reach underneath with a electronic device , then step back as the entire console short itself to oblivion in a shower of spark and electronic pain . sulu start out of the room , but can not resist stop for a split second over the fall body of Guard 2 . sulu ( continue ) do not call I tiny . as sulu hurry after the other , we push gently to the fall giant , sleep peacefully . 103 int . elevator - sulu , bone , kirk 103 kirk whip out he communicator as they descend . kirk unit two , this be one . the kobayashi maru have set sail for the promise land . acknowledge . chekov ( v.o. ) message acknowledge . all unit will be inform . kirk flip he communicator close . mccoy raise a eyebrow . mccoy you be take I to the promise land ? kirk ... what be friend for ? 104 int . spacedock - USS excelsior - ( ilm shot ) 104 the new Queen of Space be quietly dock , floodlit like a great monument , but essentially in bed for the night . 105 int . deserted corridor - excelsior 105 Mr. Scott , look cautiously around , stand by the elevator door in the empty corridor . the elevator door open , and as Scott be prepare to step in , captain style step out . style be a officer about kirk 's age . if he 's a little stuffy , it 's pardonable ; he do , after all , have the plum assignment in all of starfleet . style ah , Mr. Scott . Calling it a night ? scotty ah , yes , Captain . style turn in myself . look forward to break some of Enterprise 's speed record tommorrow . scotty yes , sir . good night . the door of the elevator close , leave scotty alone inside . a slightly condescending male voice say : elevator ( v.o. ) level please ! scotty transporter room . elevator ( v.o. ) thank you . scotty up you shaft . 106 int . spacedock - on USS enterprise - ( ilm shot ) 106 in contrast to excelsior , she seem a ghost ship , unlit and without sign of activity . 107 int . transporter room - enterprise ( ilm shot ) 107 eerie . Dark . a mysterious hand throw a switch at the transporter panel , and the result glow reveal chekov . a beaming SOUND be hear and : Mr. Scott materialize on a pod chekov welcome home , Mr. Scott . scotty thank you , chekov ... let 's get some life in the old girl . 108 int . a shabby transporter station - on uhira - night 108 uhura ( into comm ) Roger . Old City Station at 2200 hour . all be well . she release comm and methodically begin adjust control on she console as camera widen to reveal a lanky , cynical starfleet lieutenant in he early twen - tie ; he lean back in he chair , hand clasped behind he head . lieutenant you amaze I , Commander . uhura ( work ) how be that ...? lieutenant a twenty year space veteran , yet you ask for the worst duty station in town . I mean , look at this place : the hind end of space . uhura peace and quiet appeal to I , Lieutenant . lieutenant well , maybe that 's okay for someone like you whose career be wind down . but I : I need some challenge in my life . some adventure ... even just a surprise or two . uhura you know what they say , Lieutenant . careful what you wish for : you may get it . the entry door slide open and kirk , Bones and sulu hurry in and begin walk without hesitation , toward the pod . uhura ( continue ) gentlemen . good evening . kirk good evening , Commander . everything ready ? uhura yes , Admiral . step into my parlor . the parade of purposeful man pass the befuffle Lieutenant as if he be not there . he watch as they settle themselves onto the pod , while uhura busy herself with the set of control . he cross with concern to where she be work so efficiently . lieutenant ( sotto ) Commander , this be some of the most famous people in starfleet ! Admiral kirk , my God ! uhura good for you , Lieutenant . lieutenant but it 's damn irregular . no destination order , no encode i.d ... uhura all true . lieutenant well -- what be we go to do about it ?! uhura I be go to do nothing about it . you be go to sit in the closet . lieutenant the closet ?! have you lose all sense of reality ? uhura this be not reality . this be fantasy . with that uhura turn , a phaser levele . uhura ( continue ) you want adventure ? how 's this ? the old adrenalin go ? ( he nod ) good boy . now get in the closet . he back into it , disappear inside , and she close the door from she panel . mccoy I be glad you be on we side . kirk ( be -- the closet ) will you be able to handle that ...? uhura oh , I will have " Mr. adventure " eat out of my hand . and I will see you at the rendezvous . ( then ) all my hope . she smile and activate the beam . they wave back to she until they be go . 109 int . spacedock - enterprise ( ilm shot ) 109 camera push toward the darken bridge section as energizer and electronic sound be hear , and suddenly from within , the light begin to go on . 110 int . bridge - enterprise - elevator door 110 they open and kirk , Bones and sulu appear on the bridge where activity be now bustling thanks to scotty and chekov . scotty turn in informal salute . scotty as promise , she 's all yours , sir . all system automated and ready . a chimpanzee and two trainee could run she . kirk thank you , Mr. Scott . I will try not to take that personally . ( to all ) my friend ... I can not ask you to go any further . Dr. mccoy and I have to do this . the rest of you do not . chekov Admiral , we be lose precious time . sulu what course please , Admiral ? kirk Mr. Scott ? scotty I would be grateful , Admiral , if you would give the word . kirk ( a moment ) gentlemen ... may the wind be at we back . station please ! as they reach station , we be on kirk as a series of order and response be give ... kirk ( continue ) clear all mooring ... engage auto system ... one - quarter impulse power ... CUT to : 111 int . spacedock - enterprise - ( ilm shot ) 111 the scar , noble vessel begin to move slowly , im - pulse , rocket whooshing intermittently . 112 int . spacedock - the cafeteria - ( fx shot with ilm 112 element ) it 's darken now , and empty . a lone clean man work among the stack table as behind he , in the great window , Enterprise begin back away from excelsior like a mouse tip-toeing away from a sleep cat . the clean man look up in surprise . what the hell 's go on ? 113 int . spacedock - enterprise - ( ilm shot ) 113 back slowly into the last third of the great dock -- and the great close door through which she must pass . 114 int . enterprise bridge 114 sulu one minute to space door . mccoy ( edgy ) you just gonna -- walk through they ? kirk calm yourself , Bones . chekov sir. Commander , starfleet on emergency channel . he order you to surrender this vessel . kirk ( a breath ) no reply , chekov ... continue on course ... 115 int . excelsior - captain quarter - close - style 115 sleep , he be jarre awake by a alarm klaxon . then : bridge voice ( 1st officer ) yellow alert ! Captain to the bridge . yellow alert -- ! style fumble to consciousness , not pleased to be awaken . he grope for a comm button . style Bridge , this be the Captain . how can you have a yellow alert in spacedock ! bridge voice Sir ... someone be steal the Enterprise ! styless ' mouth drop open . then : style on my way . 116 int . bridge - enterprise 116 sulu thirty second to spacedoor . chekov Sir : excelsior be power up with order to pursue . mccoy ( look to o.s. screen ) my God , she 's gain on we just sit there ... 117 int . excelsior bridge ( ilm element ) 117 Doors open , style stride in , buttone tunic . style status ! 1st officer all automate ready and function . Automatic mooring retract . all speed available through transwarp drive . style incredible machine . helmsman , one - quarter impulse power . 118 int . spacedock - excelsior - ( ilm shot ) 118 as she move away , head forward , look faster than Enterprise even in low speed . 119 int . spacedock - enterprise , f.g. - the spacedoor - 119 ( ilm ) they be close -- and approach ! 120 int . enterprise bridge 120 kirk steady ... steady ... all right , Mr. Scott . scotty ( distract ) Sir ...? kirk ( a edge ) the door , Mr. Scott ! this be not lose on bine -- but scotty be too busy to panic , roll in number on he console coolly . scotty yes , sir , workin ' on it ... he press a final button , look up at the screen as -- 121 int . spacedock - the door - ( ilm ) 121 they slide slowly open just in time to allow Enterprise a narrow passage out into space ... 122 back to the bridge 122 sulu ( sweat in he voice ) ... we have clear spacedoor . kirk full impulse power ! 123 ext . spacedock - enterprise - ( ilm ) 123 pick up speed and exit the shot ... but excelsior be see now exite the spacedoor and come on . 124 int . bridge - excelsior - favoring style 124 1st officer Enterprise maintain full impulse power ... style and we be gain ... stand by , tractor beam ! 1st officer tractor beam , aye ! style if he try to get away with warp drive , he 's really in for a shock ... 125 space - beyond the earth - ( ilm ) 125 Enterprise first ... excelsior clearly close the gap . 126 enterprise bridge 126 chekov excelsior close to 4000 meter , sir . kirk Mr. Scott , we need everything you have get now . scotty aye , sir ... warp drive be stand by ...! 126a excelsior bridge - style 126a style kirk ! you do this , you ' will never sit in the Captain 's chair again . 126b back to scene 126b kirk warp speed , Mr. sulu ... sulu aye , sir , warp speed ... he move he control , SOUND build , and -- 127 ext . space - enterprise - ( ilm ) 127 the warp drive explode she forward and out of view . 128 int . excelsior bridge - favoring style 128 style no way , kirk . ( crisply ) prepare for warp speed ! standby transwarp drive ! appropriate klaxon and sound prepare the ship , the helmsman complete he pre-set and nod to the first -- 1st officer transwarp at you command , Sir ! style execute ! there be a massive buildup of sound , and then -- a sudden series of bang , shake , cough and wheel , as if the ship have hit a series of pothole in space . 129 space - excelsior - ( ilm ) 129 she begin to shake and vibrate , shudder she way through space ... 130 int . excelsior bridge 130 strange , impotent sound no one of they have hear be - fore , and on style ' face , absolute bafflement . 131 int . bridge - enterprise 131 except for the puzzle mccoy , there seem to be quiet satisfaction on the Enterprise . sulu excelsior , the great experiment , be adrift in space . kirk Mr. Scott : as good as you word . scotty aye , sir . the more they over - think the plumin' , the easier it be to stop up the drain . ( turn to mccoy ) here , Doctor , a souvenir as one surgeon to another . he hand mccoy a tiny microchip ( insert ) . mccoy look up bewilder , still shaky from the chase . scotty ( continue ) I take it out of she main transwarp computer drive . mccoy Nice of you to tell I in advance . kirk ( wry ) that 's what you get for miss staff meeting , Doctor . gentlemen , you work today be outstanding ... I intend to recommend you all for promotion ... in whatever fleet we end up serve . there be smile , but sober one . and kirk put he hand on sulu 's shoulder as he say : kirk ( continue ) best speed to Genesis . 132 space - enterprise - ( ilm ) 132 responding to sulu 's touch , she speed off . CUT to : 133 space - the genesis planet - ( ilm ) 133 the Bird of prey be orbit . 134 int . bridge - bird of prey 134 maltz and a half - dozen klingon be on station under torg . the young officer lean into a monitor with interest . we see two blip there , one converge on the other . 135 ext . genesis planet - spock's glade - close tracking - 135 day we be on a klingon tricorder which be beeping excitedly . widen to see that it be in kruge 's hand as he advance rapidly , through the oddly change glade . 136 spock's glade - wider - still tracking 136 a sergeant and one crewman be with kruge on the planet , always a half step behind he brisk pace . the tricorder's beeping increase with each step . then , abruptly , the planetary rumble be hear -- and the klingon -- and camera -- stop , listen to the rumble . the earth shake . as it do , a hideous , high - pitch squeal be hear , nearby o.s. ( this be different than the cry we have hear on the planet . ) as the surface stop shaking , the squeal tapers off -- but the tri - corder beeps remain very active . kruge , he curiosity inflame , start forward out of shot , the other fol - low . 137 ext . spock's glade - full 137 the spock casket be in the f.g. camera rise now as the klingon approach the casket , stop short in sur - prise as they see : 138 SHOCK CUT - close - casket - ( ilm shot ) 138 where the " squiggly form " once be , now horrible 4 - foot - long serpentine thing rise , cobra-like , hissing and squealing . 139 back to scene 139 kruge be impassive , the other a little shocked . the sergeant pull he phaser -- but kruge stop he with a hand . now kruge regards the serpent ... then step forward to they . he do this with total arrogance to reassert he bravery to the crew . camera pull with kruge . he smile as he reach the casket . then he reach into the group of serpent . 140 scene - kruge and serpent - ( production & ilm fx 140 shot ) kruge grasp one of the elusive thing , bring it close for study . this have the macho quality of a bullfighter get within a inch of the bull . the crew watch breathlessly . then , suddenly -- the thing make a squidlike coiling motion and wrap itself around kruge 's neck and right arm . it 's squeez - ing hard . the crew react , but be wisely stay by the sergeant . this be the boss 's show . kruge respond in a worthy manner . even though the thing be coiling tightly , kruge exert all the strength he have in what he correctly guess to be the crea - ture 's jugular . the creature pop -- its strength collapse -- and it slither down and fall away from its conqueror . he take a moment to enjoy the crew 's reaction ... then : kruge ( to he communicator ) Bridge -- nothing of consequence here . be resume search . the light around he begin to change dramatically . he look up , and react to : 141 high - full genesis peak - ( ilm shot ) 141 the high promontory on the small planet give we a view of the sunlight terminator line ( the line between day and night , as on the moon ) roll forward on the terrain below , where we now know the klingon be . sunlight be be replace by night with the roll motion . 142 omitted 142 143 close - david 143 the Pov have be he . he watch in wonder as the day - night line cross he , in a light change . he stand , turn , and look behind he to see : 144 genesis peak - full - ( production ) 144 the high plateau be turn into night to complete the cycle . we now see this area for the first time as the starlight begin to fill it . a rocky , craggy place with giant tree root and gnarled shape everywhere . 145 back to david 145 he react in wonder . 146 int . the cave at genesis peak - close - moving - night 146 saavik be minister to the o.s. boy . we do not yet see he face . we hear he soft sound , the aftermath of cry which we hear earlier . camera continue moving as saavik take off she tunic and throw it as a add cover on the o.s. figure . then she stop , look at the boy in wonder , as camera complete its arc to reveal the boy . we be shocked to see the Boy have change . he be now unquestionably older , perhaps 13 or 14 . he be breath - ing heavily as the pain recede . saavik ( ... sleep ) she rise , and slowly steal out . hold on the Boy . 147 ext . genesis promontory - close - david - night 147 look out over the darken planet , lose in think . widen to admit saavik . she too look outward . a dis - tant , faint rumble . no tremor feel . then : david ( take tricorder reading ) this planet be aging in surge . saavik ( nod ; then ) and spock with it . they be join together . saavik step forward seek eye contact and a explan - ation . David look at she now . david the Genesis wave start a life clock tick for he and the planet . but at the rate thing be go now ... saavik ... how long ? david day ... maybe hour ... protomatter have make the situation unpredictable . ( softly ) I be sorry . saavik ( accept ; then ) it will be hardest on spock . soon he will feel the burn of he vulcan blood . david I do not understand . saavik pon farr. vulcan male must endure it every seventh year of they adult life . david I still do not ... but he tricorder be beeping faintly . he check it . david ( continue ) whoever they be , they be get closer . saavik I will go ... david no !... I will do it . ( then ) give I you phaser . they eye meet . she give he the phaser . then he hurry out . hold on saavik . slightest rumble of the planet . concern . be another surge come ? CUT to : 148 ext . space - enterprise en route - ( ilm ) 148 she pass we at high speed . 149 int . enterprise bridge 149 around kirk be he new " formation " ; chekov be at the comm station , sulu at the helm , next to he Scott on weapon / engineering ; and at the spock science post -- well , we have not see yet . sulu estimate Genesis 2.9 hour , present speed . kirk can we hold speed , Mr. Scott ? scotty aye , sir , she 's get she second wind now . kirk scan for vessel in pursuit ! spock's voice ( o.s. ) scan ... indication negative at this time ... you could drop a pin . everyone turn to spock 's station ... 150 angle - favoring bone 150 mccoy do I get it right ? kirk you do great , Bones ... just great . chekov Sir , starfleet call Grissom again . a warning about we . kirk response ? chekov ( a beat ) nothing . as before . kirk what 's Grissom up to ?... will they join we , or fire on we ...? ( think ) chekov , break radio silence . send my compliment to Captain esteban . chekov aye , sir . chekov begin call , as kirk cross easily to mccoy . kirk how we do ? mccoy ( thoughtfully ) how be we do ... funny you should put it quite that way , Jim . ( beat ) we be do fine . but I would feel safer give he one of my kidney than what 's scramble in my brain . chekov Admiral , there be no response from the Grissom on any channel . kirk keep try , chekov . at regular interval . CUT to : 151 ext . promontory - close - saavik 151 she have fall asleep in she exhaustion . there be a faint SOUND of tricorder life sign beeping . she slum - ber through this . then , the planet begin to tremble . a rumble . a o.s. cry , which by now we know be from the young spock . saavvik shake herself , wake up not know what have just happen . the first thing she be aware of be the beeping tricorder . she check it , uncertain . then pull she communicator . saavik David ... this be saavik ... come in . there be static , and no response . then the planet tremble again , and there be a definite o.s. cry . saavik react in alarm , hurry out of scene as the rumbling and the cry continue . 152 int . entrance to the cave - night 152 as saavik appear in the open . we hear the o.s. cry of pain from the boy as saavik watch , sympathetic but helpless . as the cry subside , and there be no more rumbling , saavik take a few step inside . she see : 153 her Pov - the young man 153 hunched down in a corner , he face turn away from USS , be spock . he be now in some kind of awful spasm . 154 back to saavik 154 she study what she see . she understand . his cry of rage now split the air and : 155 the young spock 155 he turn to camera suddenly , a young man in he late teens , lean of face , high of cheekbone . the look on this torture face and he body language tell we he be fight for control of body and he world . he be fevere and shudder . he look at saavik with wild eye which be both frighten -- and frightening . 156 saavik 156 she approach he cautiously , but with absolute under - stand . she stop a step away from he . saavik so it have come . spock hear , but do not understand . saavik ( continue ) it be call pon farr . he stare . saavik ( continue ) pon farr . her voice have calm he some . she take the last step and be now close to he . calmly and in vulcan : saavik ( continue ) ( ... will you trust I ...? ) spock do not respond ; he be in quiet agony . she kneel beside he . his breathe be labor ... saavik offer she hand in pon farr configuration -- like a two - finger Boy scout salute . spock study it , then she bring up he right hand in the same configuration . with she two extend finger she touch he and then slowly begin to stroke he entire hand in gentle fore - play . his breathe ease now , he body begin to relax . uncertainly , he begin to return the finger - play , first on saavik 's hand and then on she temple . he be more in control now ... intense . his eye turn and lock on hers . hand touch , they move together until they face be brush ... and they finger embrace . CUT to : 157 space - the star ( ilm ) 157 a moment of soft space ambience . then Enterprise glide silently into shot . 158 int . enterprise bridge - favoring sulu 158 sulu we be secure from warp speed ... now enter Genesis sector of mutara quadrant . kirk what about Grissom , Mr. chekov ? chekov still no response , sir . kirk Bones ... can you give I a quadrant bi-scan ? mccoy hunch forward at the science station , but he lack of understanding be clear . mccoy I think you just exceed my capability ... kirk ( a look ) Mr. chekov ... with a understanding nod , chekov cross toward the science station to take over . mccoy ( to kirk ) sorry ... kirk you time be come , Doctor ... Mr. sulu , proceed at impulse power . 159 int . bridge - bird of prey - close - monitor screen 159 a object appear , accompany by a soft alarm . pull back . the screen be be watch by maltz , who react . maltz vessel enter sector . torg have come up , bend over screen . torg yes ... federation Battle cruiser . ( then ) have they scan we ? maltz not yet . torg engage cloaking device . the sound and light of cloaking begin ... 160 int . cave - genesis - close - the young spock ( 17 ) 160 Morning light be stream in . his eye be close , he breathes calmly . a hand , saavik 's , enter shot , to sooth he brow and smooth he matte hair . 161 saavik 161 a softer look than we have see before . but a look of concern and apprehension . she sigh , then pick up communicator . she be about to transmit a message when a instinct make she put it down , turn to the cave entrance . we pan with she look to cave entry , low . there , a pair of klingon boot stand . 162 back to saavik 162 she react , start to rise , when klingon hand grab she , pull she to she foot . camera whip pan to young spock who open he eye with a start , stare in con - fusion -- then hand grab he and -- 163 ext . the promontory - full - day 163 outside the cave the klingon landing party wait . here , amid gnarled and stone formation , saavik and the young spock be forcibly pull from the cave and hurl at the foot of : 164 kruge 164 a slow pan up reveal the klingon , he patience strain . kruge so ! I have come a long way for the power of Genesis . and what do I find ? at he gesture , David be thrust forward and throw among the other two . David show sign of have be rough up by the klingon . kruge ( continue ) a weakling human ... a vulcan boy ... and a woman ! saavik , assess the desperate situation , take she best shot : saavik my Lord ... we be survivor of a doom expedition ... this planet will destroy itself in hour . the Genesis experiment be a failure . kruge a failure ! the most powerful destructive force ever create -- ! ( then ) you will tell I the secret of the Genesis torpedo . saavik I have no knowledge . kruge then I hope pain be something you enjoy . the sergeant step forward , communicator in hand . sergeant ( my Lord ... ) kruge snatch the communicator , bark into it : kruge I order no interruption . torg ( v.o. ) but sir ! federation starship approach . for saavik and David , a moment of hope . kruge bring I up ! we be on saavik and David and the uncomprehend vulcan as the sound and reflect light of a beam - up take place . 165 int . enterprise bridge - favoring chekov 165 at the science station , the blue light of the scanner flicker on he face . chekov I would swear something be there sir , but I might have imagine it . kirk what do you see , chekov ? chekov for a instant ... a scout class vessel . kirk ( thoughtfully ) could be Grissom . ( then ) patch in the hail frequency . ( at chekov 's nod ) u.s.s. Grissom , this be Enterprise call . come in , please . 166 ext . promontory - the klingon camp 166 favore David , saavik and the vulcan . they hear the voice over the sergeant 's communicator . kirk ( v.o. ) Grissom , this be Enterprise call . do you read ? for David , it be the voice of he father and rescue . for saavik , it be a possibility , just out of reach . 167 int . bridge - bird of prey - cloak lighting effect 167 the door slam open as kruge hurry into scene . kruge Battle alert . the klaxon sound ... in the b.g. kirk ( v.o. ) I say again : Grissom , this be Enterprise . Admiral kirk call Captain esteban or Lieutenant saavik . come in ! kruge report status ! torg we be cloak . enemy close on impulse power . Range , 5,000 kellicam . kruge good . ( beat ) this be the turn of luck I have be wait for . 168 ext . space - enterprise - against star - ( ilm ) 168 come toward we . apparently a sit duck . 169 int . bridge - enterprise 169 chekov nothing on my scanner , sir . kirk short range scan , Mr. chekov ... on screen , Mr. sulu . 170 angle favoring view screen - ( ilm ) 170 a view of the approach Genesis planet appear , the planet off to the side . the other two - third of the screen appear to be normal star field / space . that be , except for one odd area , slightly diffuse , which only the sharp - eye might notice . 171 int . bird of prey 171 maltz Range : 3000 kellicam . kruge steady . continue on impulse power . torg yes , sir ! maltz Range , 2000 kellicam ... kruge standby to transfer energy to weapon ... at my command ! 172 ext . space - Pov of enterprise - moving toward her - 172 ( ilm ) smoothly , we be stalking the Enterprise . 173 int . enterprise bridge - including view screen - 173 ( ilm element ) kirk be study the project image . kirk there . that distortion . we see on the screen a kind of heat wave effect we see once before when Grissom " buy it . " but Grissom do not have kirk . kirk ( continue ) see ! that shimmer area . sulu yes , sir . it 's get larger as we close in . 174 int . bird of prey 174 maltz firing range , sir . kruge ( gunner : sight target . disable only -- understand ? !) new gunner ( understood clearly , sir . ) the beat growls . 175 int . enterprise bridge 175 kirk that distortion be close rapidly ... opinion , sulu ? sulu I think it 's a energy form , sir ... kirk yes . enough energy to hide a ship , would not you say ? sulu ... a cloaking device ? kirk Red alert , Mr. Scott . the klaxon begin , the light dim to red -- 176 int . bird of prey 176 maltz 1,000 kellicam , close ! kruge wait !... wait ... 177 int . enterprise bridge 177 bath in combat red light -- kirk Mr. Scott , all power to the weapon system -- scotty aye , sir ! mccoy no shield ? kirk if my guess be right , they will have to de-cloak before they can fire . mccoy May all you guess be right . kirk Mr. Scott : two photon torpedoe at the ready . sight on the center of the mass . scotty aye , sir ! 178 int . bridge - bird of prey 178 maltz 500 kellicam ! kruge ( stand by torpedoe -- de -cloak ! ) the sound and light which accompany this , and -- 179 ext . space - bird of prey - ( ilm shot ) 179 the ship begin to de -cloak -- 180 int . enterprise bridge - favoring view screen - ( ilm 180 element ) where the Bird appear exactly in the spot anticipate . sulu klingon Bird of prey , sir ! she 's arming torpedoe ...! kirk Fire , Mr. Scott ! 181 ext . space - series of shot - ( ilm ) 181 the Enterprise fire two torpedoe ... they impact on the Bird of prey in separate explosion -- the displacement of the explosion cause the klingon ship to turn and be push back , as if by thruster -- 182 int . bird of prey - ( special fx ) 182 as explosion shake the bridge , fill it with smoke and debris and cry of the injure . and suddenly , close , kruge 's outrage face appear , smudge by a explosion . 183 int . enterprise bridge ( ilm element ) 183 all lean forward toward the o.s. viewscreen . kirk good shoot , scotty . scotty aye , that two hit should stop a horse , let alone a bird . kirk precautionary , Mr. chekov . shield up ... chekov aye , sir . 184 int . bird of prey bridge 184 amid the shout and the order in klingon , a dis - orientate kruge wander for just a moment until he al - most stumble across something . it be a body . he look to see : 185 kruge's Pov 185 his beast . Dead . 186 back to scene 186 a passion of rage . he be back to he instinct now . torge voice Sir , the cloaking device be destroy ! kruge never mind ! emergency power to the thruster ! torge voice yes , my lord . 187 int . enterprise bridge - favoring chekov 187 he show grow concern . chekov Sir , the shield ... non - responsive . kirk scotty ...? scotty the automation system 's overload . I do not expect to take we into combat , ya know ...! he begin hit button . 188 int . bird of prey bridge 188 kruge lateral thrust !... standby weapon ... 189 ext . space - the bird of prey ( ilm ) 189 the thruster stabilize she turn and backward movement . she be now line up with a splendid angle on Enterprise . 189a int . bird of prey - kruge 189a kruge ( Fire ! ) 189b ext . bird of prey - fire torpedoe - ( ilm ) 189b 190 int . enterprise bridge 190 kirk torpedoes come in -- ! 191 ext . space - enterprise ( ilm ) 191 as she shudder and tilt with the hit , and the flash of flame ... 192 int . enterprise bridge - tilted 192 a blast hit . scotty 's panel sizzle ... light out ! kirk voice emergency power ! the light return , emergency mode . the ship rights itself . kirk have be knock down . Bones to he -- kirk I be all right -- stand by to return fire ! Mr. Scott , transfer power to the phaser bank -- scotty oh , God , sir , I dinna think so ... kirk what 's wrong ? scotty they have knock out the damn automation center . ( pound he panel in rage ) I have get no control over anything ! kirk pale , look quickly to : kirk Mr. sulu ...?! but sulu 's gesture say he have no control of helm , and chekov also shake he head in helplessness . kirk digest this . then : kirk ( continue ) so ... we be a sit duck . 193 int . bird of prey - a data gauge - over torg be 193 shoulder torg emergency power re-charge be 40 percent ... 50 percent ... ( he turn now ) ready for fire emergency tube ...! angle widen to include kruge , who raise he hand for pause , and think . 193a space - the two ship drift quietly - ( ilm ) 193a 193b back to scene 193b kruge why have not they finish we ?... they outgun I ten to one ; they have four hundred in crew to my handful , yet they sit there . torg perhaps they wish to take you prisoner . kruge they know we would die first . maltz my Lord , enemy commander wish a truce to confer . kruge put he on screen ! ( to torg ) Study he well . 194 angle favoring klingon screen ( intercut ) 194 the screen be a different configuration than we be use to ; kirk 's image appear . ( we will intercut the Planet and Enterprise as need during follow sequence . ) kirk image this be Admiral James T. kirk of the federation starship Enterprise . on the Bird of prey : kruge 's reaction to kirk 's face : kruge so ! the Genesis Commander himself ! kirk image ... by violation of treaty between the federation and klingon Empire , you presence here be a act of war . you have two minute to surrender you crew and you vessel , or we will destroy you . kruge ( to torg ) he 's hide something . we may have deal he a more serious blow than I think . torg how can you tell that ? kruge I trust my instinct . ( lean to comm button ) Admiral kirk . this be you opponent speak . 195 int . enterprise bridge ( and intercut ) 195 only kruge 's voice be hear here , and on the planet below . kruge ( v.o. ) do not lecture I about treaty violation . the federation , in create a ultimate weapon , have become a gang of intergalactic criminal . it be not I who will surrender , it be you . ( a pause ) on the planet below , I have three prisoner from the team who develop you doomsday weapon . if you do not surrender immediately , I will execute they , one at a time , as enemy of galactic peace . kirk who be this ?! how dare you -- kruge who I be be not important . that I have they be . ( beat ) I will let you speak to they . 196 ext . genesis - the klingon camp ( intercut ) 196 as kruge 's voice bark a klingon order over the commun - icator , saavik , David and the vulcan be roust to they foot by the klingon , and assemble in a line . the sergeant thrust the communicator in front of saavik , poke she to make he command clear . she lean into the communicator , control carefully . saavik Admiral , this be Lieutenant saavik . kirk ( softly ) saavik ... be ... David with you ? saavik yes , he be . and someone else . vulcan scientist of you acquaintance . kirk this vulcan -- be he alive ? saavik he be not himself -- but he life . he be subject to rapid aging -- like this unstable planet . the sergeant have have enough with she long windedness , pull the communicator and thrust it in front of David . david hello , sir . it 's David . kirk ( shake ) David ... sorry I be late . david it 's okay -- I should have know you would come ... saavik 's right : this planet be unstable . it 's go to destroy itself in a matter of hour . kirk David !... what go wrong ? david I go wrong . a beat . kirk David , I do not understand ... david I be sorry , sir . just do not surrender . Genesis do not work ! I can not believe they ' will kill we for it -- but a klingon crew member have cut David off the air -- 197 int . enterprise bridge - ( continue intercutting ) 197 -- and static fill the speaker on board . kirk David ?... David ! kruge Admiral , you young friend be mistaken . I mean what I say . and now , to show my intention be sincere ... I be go to kill one of the prisoner . kirk wait ! give I a chance -- kruge ( to communicator ) ( kill one of they . I do not care which . ) 198 the planet 198 the sergeant have receive the order . he draw a dis - tinctive klingon dagger , frightening to behold . as kirk voice be hear , indistinctly protesting over the communicator , the sergeant walk behind the assemble line of the three prisoner : the vulcan youth , saavik , and David . it be like a game of Russian roulette . we do not know where the blow will fall . then , the sergeant have pick he victim , and raise he dagger back to strike -- 199 angle 199 it be saavik he intend to kill . David , he face curl in rage , leap forward . grab the man 's arm . the struggle be short . David take a knife in the chest . 200 int . enterprise bridge ( intercut ) 200 the cry of pain be hear on the speaker . there be a horrible silence that follow . kirk saavik ?!... David ...!? at last we hear the shake voice of saavik . saavik Admiral . David be dead . there be none of this three kirk would have parte with . but David ... he fight back the horror as Bones step to he side -- but finally he must let it go : kirk you klingon bastard ! you have kill my son ...! kruge take this news with a blink of triumph . calmly : kruge there be two more prisoner , Admiral . do you want they kill too ? ( a beat ) surrender you vessel ! kirk ( a scream ) all right , damn you ! all right ! ( a tremble mo - ment , then ) give I a minute to inform my crew . 201 bird of prey 201 kruge , pleased he gambit have work , be magnanimous . kruge I give two minute . for you , and you gallant crew . ( click off ; to torg ) take every last man : form a board party , armed heavily ! torg they outnumber we , my Lord -- kruge we be klingon ! once you control the ship , I will transfer my flag there . and we will take Genesis from they own memory bank ! 202 enterprise bridge 202 the crew have come forward to stand behind kirk 's com - mand chair . kirk be stare ahead , he eye glaze . mccoy Jim . you okay ? kirk turn to face mccoy . his face be hollow , he eye stare . then , in a voice strain with grief . kirk Mr. sulu , what be the crew complement of a Bird of prey ? sulu about a dozen officer and man . kirk ( think ) with some on the planet ... he turn to they , he voice hoarse : kirk ( continue ) I swear to you , we be not finish yet . mccoy we never have be , Jim . kirk ( rise ) Bones , you and sulu to the transporter room . the rest with I . we have a job to do . as the individual respond to order , push to kirk as he press he comm button . kirk ( continue ) Commander , klingon vessel . stand by to board this ship on my next signal . kruge ( v.o. ) no trick , kirk . you have one minute . kirk no trick . I be look forward to meeting you . kirk out . he step to the science station as chekov and scotty gather round . he lean in , press a comm button . kirk ( continue ) Computer , destruct sequence one , code one , one -a ... 203 int . bird of prey 203 kruge be inspect the six man landing party as - semble by torg . they be load down with weapon . kruge raise he arm and point : kruge ( to the transporter room . success ! ) torg & all ( success ! ) 204 int . enterprise bridge 204 chekov Computer , this be Commander chekov , act Science Officer . destruct sequence two , code one , one -a , two -b. scotty step in now . scotty Computer , this be Commander Scott , Chief Engineering Officer . destruct sequence three , code one - B , two - B , three . computer ( v.o. ) destruct sequence complete and engage . await final code for one - minute countdown . a moment among they . then : kirk code zero , zero , zero destruct zero . computer ( v.o. ) one minute ... fifty - nine second ... fifty -eight ... fifty -seven ... and they hurry out . camera move to a visual display which be count in sync with the computer voice . 205 bird of prey bridge 205 kruge , alone with maltz , check time impatiently , hit a talk button . kruge kirk , you time run out . report ! 205a int . enterprise corridor - kirk , scotty , chekov , 205a running 206 int . enterprise transporter room 206 as kirk , scotty and chekov hurry in . kirk stop as the other move o.s. kirk everything set ? sulus voice yes , sir . hurry ! kirk ( flip communicator ) Commander , klingon vessel . we be energize transporter beam ... now . as the electronic wind up begin ... 207 bird of prey bridge 207 kruge transporter stand by ! 208 enterprise transporter room ( ilm element ) 208 as the power whine increase , kirk step on one of the transporter pod , join scotty , mccoy , sulu and chekov . after a few endless second , they begin to de-materialize and vanish . there be a flicker , a pause . be they return ? have they be block ? no . the second beam effect materialize the klingon landing party . they pause guardedly , phaser draw . then , lead by torg , they start out . we be faintly aware of a soft computer voice count off second . 209 bird of prey bridge 209 kruge wait , patiently ... 209a int . enterprise corridor 209 a the klingon landing party enter , proceed cautiously ... 210 int . bridge - enterprise ( intercut with kruge ) 210 it be desert except for the soft computer voice . computer ( v.o. ) twenty-two ... twenty-one ... twenty ... the slide door open and torg lead the klingon in , weapon draw . they check out the bridge as the voice continue faintly , unobserve by the klingon . then torg pull out he communicator . torg my Lord . the ship appear to be desert . kruge's voice how can this be ? they be hide ! torg yes , sir . but the bridge appear to be run by computer . it be the only thing speak . kruge's voice speak ? let I hear ... torg , put he communicator close to the computer 's panel speaker and the voice be quite loud now . computer ( v.o. ) six ... five ... four ... three ... kruge's voice get out ! get out of there ! get out ! torg and he man be baffle by kruge 's distress when a sudden series of explosion engulf the bridge , and -- 210a int . enterprise corridor 210 a -- a fireball streak through the empty companionway -- 211 ext . enterprise / ext . planet / int . bird of prey - 211 series of shot ( intercut ) the great ship be wreck by a explosion , then a - other , and another in a chain of design destruction . ( ilm ) the skin of the circular section rupture , crack open like a arid desert ; the star drive section burst and tremble ... ( ilm ) kruge watch in frustrated rage ... like a fiery comet , Enterprise fall gracefully out of orbit , burn up as she plunge , toward she death . ( ilm ) saavik ; the young vulcan , watch . she , uncertain . he , stare blankly ... we see Enterprise in the distance , a small fireball in the outer edge of the Genesis atmosphere . ( ilm ) 212 ext . genesis planet - kirk landing - ( ilm element ) 212 the comet-like death of Enterprise in the distance be be watch by a silhouett group as the sun set . 213 reverse angle - twilight - ( and intercut ) 213 the five survivor of Enterprise , temporarily safe , watch in awe and grief as they home of twenty year die in the ominous sky beyond . on each face , the light leave by Enterprise flicker , then at last , be go . kirk watch with hollow eye . kirk my god , Bones . what have I do ? mccoy what you have to do . what you always do . turned death into a fight chance to live . ( concerned ) you hear I , Jim ? kirk take a deep breath , nod he understanding to mccoy . even as the earth tremble , and sulu 's tri- corder begin to go a little wild . sulu Sir , planet core reading unstable ... change rapidly ... kirk what about surface life sign ...? sulu Close ... there -- kirk ( draw phaser ) come on ! they hurry off in the direction sulu have point , as the growls and rumble of the planet begin to accelerate . night be fall . 214 bird of prey bridge - on officer maltz 214 he be watch something o.s. with apprehension . widen to reveal kruge in f.g. go through he own crisis , a agony of self - loathing . after a moment ... maltz my Lord ... what be you order ? kruge ( mainly to himself ) I underestimate he ... he do the one thing I do not anticipate ... he destroy himself ... maltz Sir , may I -- kruge killing he son be stupid ! it make kirk willing to die . maltz we still have the prisoner , sir . perhaps they information -- kruge they be useless ! it be kirk I need . and I let he slip away . maltz but surely , we mission have not fail -- ? kruge we mission be over . I have fail ... a human have be bolder and more ruthless than I ... ( a beat ) that -- be the real dishonor . as maltz watch he uncertainly ... 215 ext . the klingon camp - night 215 the two klingon guard the seat saavik . spock be isolate , some distance away . the death rumblings of the planet begin to increase with each moment . the sky beyond occasionally light with awesome flash of electrical energy ; the ground shake in unpredictable spurt . suddenly , a tree vault upward , as if push from its place by a force below . the tree groans a crash toward the ground , the klingon leaping out of its way . 216 favoring saavik 216 as the two klingon be distract , and the planet 's agony continue , saavik slip away from they toward spock . 217 spock 217 he be seat , back to US . his aging spasm have begin , and with each earth rumble of the planet , he suffer . 218 the klingon 218 concerned about they own problem , and the silence from they ship . the sergeant pull he communicator . sergeant ( Lord Commander ... this place be destruct ... what be you order ?... static crackle . sergeant ( continue ) ( my Lord ... recommend beam up ourselves and the prisoner ... ) while he wait for a answer , he eye catch saavik 's progress toward spock . he call this to he subordi- nate 's attention with a guttural grunt , and the second klingon hurry off to correct the situation . 219 angle - saavik and spock 219 as she near the suffer vulcan , the klingon reach she , and with a strong arm , hurl she easily aside . the ground rumble again . the vulcan cry out . the klingon , fascinate by the vulcan 's behavior , approach , then , reach out toward he . saavik no , do not touch he ! the klingon ignore . he put he hand on the vulcan , and for he trouble , in a blur of action , get grab , whacked , and hurl through the air by a burst of the vulcan 's strength . the klingon land at the base of the gnarled tree and lie quite still , he neck break . 220 angle - the klingon sergeant 220 react in shock to what have happen , draw he phaser , all business now as he study : 221 the vulcan 221 hand over he face as he twist in pain . he emit a long , terrible cry , the cry we have hear , but never see . 222 ext . grotesque forest - fast trucking shot 222 kirk and the crew be come to the rescue , run amid the tremor and the flash of light , whipped by wind and flail tree . as the cry be hear through the wind , they pull up , listen . the cry again , close by . kirk lead they out on the run . 223 the klingon camp - series of shot 223 saavik have return to try to help spock . she hold he now , as he spasm continue . the sergeant come forward , phaser in hand , until he reach the vulcan , hold by saavik . the klingon stop , mesmerize . he stare at : 224 young spock - over saavik' shoulder - ( special fx ) 224 his feature be change before we eye , he face distend ... saavik , look back at the klingon , clutches the ago - nize spock to she , try in some way to protect he . 225 the sergeant 225 he 's frighten . he reflexively raise he phaser ... 226 angle - the clearing's edge 226 the flash of lightning illuminate the arrival of kirk and the crew . kirk , phaser levele -- kirk do not move !! the klingon whirl to face the new threat , whip he phaser toward kirk -- but kirk fire a stun blast ... 227 angle - including the klingon - ( stunt & ilm ) 227 the stun wave zip at the klingon , strike he with spectacular force , cause he to somersault through the air , and then , landing , lie still . 228 back to scene 228 kirk lower he phaser ; he and the other stare at : saavik , hold the now immobile spock . the Enterprise family react ; with kirk and Bones lead - ing , they rush to saavik . 229 angle at spock and saavik 229 kirk and the other have pull up . spock be now coma - tose , breathe with labor sigh . we can not see he face , cradle in saavik 's comforting embrace . but saavik be look up at kirk with daze eye . kirk ... Bones ... mccoy cross quickly , take the vulcan 's form from saavik as she rise to kirk . saavik oh , Admiral . even a half - vulcan have a break point . she sag for just a moment . kirk easy , saavik . it 's all right . as he hold saavik , he eye flick over she shoulder to : 230 kirk Pov 230 unnotice up to now , half cover by leave , the body of David , kirk 's fall son . 231 back to scene 231 he react . then , with a last comforting hug to saavik , he break the embrace , and head slowly for David 's body . she watch he exit shot . 232 angle - david' body 232 widen to admit kirk as he enter , kneel . he reach out , touch hiss son 's brow , wipe a leaf away . kirk ( a intimate whisper ) my son ... " to thee no star be dark ... both Heaven and Earth ... friend thee forever ... " saavik have come up behind he . she hang back . then kirk rise , aware of she presence . kirk ( continue ) what happen ...? saavik he give he life to save we . that be all I know . mccoy's voice ... Jim ! kirk run , hurry out of shot ... 233 favoring mccoy and spock 233 with the crew gather around , mccoy be scan the vulcan 's body , soothing he fevere brow . we cannot see spock 's face , but kirk ass he enter and kneel beside mccoy . he react , mesmerize by what he see : kirk ... Bones ...?! mccoy ... rapid aging ... all genetic function highly accelerate ... kirk and he mind ? mccoy it 's a void . it would seem , Admiral , that I have get all he marble . kirk be there anything we can do ?! saavik only one thing , Sir ... get he off this planet ... his aging be part of what 's go on around we ... there be a lightning flash , and a earth tremor -- and a moan from spock . kirk respond , rise , and cross out of shot ... 234 angle with kirk 234 as he move , stop , wrestle with the urgency of what must be do . then , decide , he whip out he communicator . kirk ( to communicator ) klingon Commander , this be Admiral James T. kirk ... I be alive and well on the planet 's surface ... 235 back to kirk 235 kirk I know this will come as a pleasant surprise for you ... but you see we ship be the victim of a unfortunate accident ... I be sorry about you crew , old boy , but -- c'est la vie , as we say on Earth ... a lightning flash make he cover he eye ... then : kirk ( continue ) well ? I be wait for you !... what be you answer ?! ( only static ; more desperately ) I have what you want . I have the secret of Genesis ... but you ' will have to bring we up there to get it ... do you hear I ! more static . kirk 's ploy have apparently fail . he sag a bit , start back toward the crew , when another series of flash blind they all as the planet rumble with sound and fury and spock moan . then , kirk and crew do not see what to do : in the near distance , amid the flashing , a figure be reveal , lose in the confusion . it be kruge , phaser in hand . kruge ... Drop all weapon ! 236 omitted 236 237 angle - favoring kirk and crew , past kruge 237 kirk and the other look up in shock , then rise slowly hand in the air . kruge move closer , point . kruge over there , all but kirk . the group move to a clear space indicate , leave spock 's form behind . kruge ( continue to he comm : ) maltz . prisoner be at beam coordinate . standby ... kirk ( easily ) you should take the vulcan , too . kruge no . kirk but , why ? kruge because you wish it . ( then , in klingon ) ( maltz ! activate beam ! ) 238 fx shot - beam effect - ( ilm element ) 238 mccoy , scotty , sulu , chekov and saavik disappear in the beam effect and be go . 239 back to scene - kirk and kruge 239 a flash of lightning ! a movement of earth . the sudden hiss of a fissure of steam through the surface ... and the two man face each other , shouting above the planet noise . kruge Genesis , I want it . kirk beam the vulcan up -- and we talk . kruge give I what I want -- and I will consider it ... kirk you fool -- look around you ! this planet be destroy itself ! kruge yes . exhilating , be not it ! kirk if we do not help each other , we will all die here ! kruge perfect ! that 's the way it shall be !... give I Genesis ! suddenly , the very ground on which he stand seem to become a elevator . he be carry rapidly upward on a craggy rock formation which burst upward , out of the ground . kruge tumble , and kirk seize the opportunity -- 240 the fight - series of shot 240 kirk leap upon kruge and they roll and struggle on the churn , erupting ground . they be evenly match . kirk 's open momentum hold until kruge 's great size begin to turn the tide . he take temporary command with swift vicious kick and punch . kirk be down . kruge now look around for he phase , start for it , but kirk , in a series of ground roll trip kruge up with he leg , and come on . the off - balance kruge now take a series of punch from kirk which make he reel backward near the edge of the promontory . a final blow from kirk force kruge over the edge -- and he : -- tumble and roll down the fifteen foot slope . kirk peer over the edge to see : 241 kirk Pov - ( ilm element ) 241 kruge have land on a level precipice about fifteen foot in diameter . Beyond that be a endless drop into a chasm , the bottom of which have become a glow red river of lava . 242 on the precipice - up angle ( ilm element ) 242 as kruge rise to he foot , kirk without hesitation soar into the air from above and dive upon kruge , the momentum of the dive take both man right to the edge of the final drop . they work they way to they foot and continue the struggle anew , piece of the rock edge slip away under they foot as they scuffle . kirk be win until : with a burst of energy , kruge shove kirk hard and kirk slam into a wall of stone , daze . kruge have he -- but as he start to step forward , the edge of the rock he be stand on start to slip . 243 full - the precipice - ( ilm element ) 243 kirk on the leave against the wall , kruge on the right , on the edge . kruge be drop lower . the rock forma - tion he be on now break away , carry he outward : kirk ( shout ) jump -- damn you ! kruge do jump forward at the last possible instant as the rock fall away . he leap to : 244 the new edge of the precipice ( ilm element ) 244 where kruge land precariously , hang on almost by he fingernails . he 's hold on as best as he can , he leg flail , unable to gain any purchase to boost he up . kirk , recover he own strength , see kruge in this helpless situation . he come forward to the edge , kneel over the klingon . kirk give I you hand and we both live . kruge ( scream a curse in klingon ) kirk do not be a fool -- give I you hand ! kruge look down , measure the terror below as if consider , then with sudden and explosive strength , vault upward make a desperate grab for kirk . he have a leg ! suddenly , kirk be fight not to be pull over the edge . he be lose that fight . till he lash out with a blow . the klingon 's grip slip , yet he hang on tenaciously , until -- with a cry of rage -- kirk ( continue ) I have have ... enough ... of you !! kirk turn and kick kruge mightily -- and the klingon begin he fall ... 245 wide down angle shot - ( ilm element ) 245 kirk in f.g. watch as kruge tumble endlessly toward the steaming red hot lava bed below ... 246 on kirk 246 he turn now to he ultimate problem : the planet be cave in around he . he start to scramble up the steep slope , back to the promontory where -- 247 the promontory - spock 247 his inert body lie , surround by new burst of steam from the crack earth ... 248 angle - kirk ( ilm element ) 248 behind he we see the first sign of a fast rise fireball sun . he claw he way back to the top level and race to spock 's fall form . he kneel and turn the body over to see : 249 past kirk to spock 249 we see the face at last : it be spock , at the age he die . but he be also a haggard , ravage shell of a be , almost again dead from the agony of change -- and even now , with soft frightening sound , give indication of the final change that lie just ahead . 250 kirk - SUN larger behind he ( ilm element ) 250 amid the death knell of this place , kirk know it be now or never . a desperate idea form . with determination , he pick spock up and shoulder he . then draw he communicator , he flip it open and take he best shot : kirk ( in guttural klingon ) ( maltz ... activate beam !... ) there be a moment of uncertainty . kirk be about to try again when the klingon beam SOUND begin and ... 251 beam up effect - ( ilm element ) 251 amid the groan , flash , the hiss of steam and fall debris , kirk , carry spock dematerialize in the klingon beam , even as the sun appear to be come closer ... 252 master - the deserted planet ( ilm shot ) 252 ... and closer still , casting yellow white light over the disintegrate surface ... 253 int . bird of prey 253 the door whoosh open , and kirk , carry the inert spock , step out , phaser at the ready ! 254 reverse - including kirk 254 maltz on the Captain 's deck , the Enterprise prisoner below . maltz turn , expect kruge , and be clearly astonished ; as he raise he hand , kirk step forward . kirk how many more ? scotty just he , sir ! kirk Bones , help spock ! everyone else , find a station ! a flurry of activity as the crew move into position in the strange -- yet familiar bridge . mccoy take spock from kirk , guide he out of scene , and saavik take maltz ' phaser and step back . to maltz : kirk ( continue ) you ! help we or die ! maltz I do not deserve to live ! kirk Fine , I will kill you later ! let 's get out of here ! and so say , he dash out of shot , follow by saavik . the klingon can only stare in confusion . 255 space - the genesis planet - ( ilm ) 255 we be near she now erupting surface ; flame shoot out . Beyond , she sun wait , former friend , now ready to accept the planet in death . 256 bridge - bird of prey 256 kirk in command , sulu and saavik on nearby station . they be confront by familiar tool , but baffling zymology . kirk anyone here read klingon ? no one do . kirk ( continue ) well , take you best shot . 257 engineering panel 257 scotty hunch over the console , chekov hunch over he ... chekov if you can bypass into the module - scotty Fine , but where 's the damn anti- matter inducer ? chekov this .? no , this ! scotty this or nothing . scotty make several adjustment , press some button , then , with a deep breath , move a slide handle for - ward . a high whine start , waver , then grow robust . 258 bridge 258 sulu respond to the panel indicator . sulu if I read this right , sir , we have full power . kirk go , sulu ! sulu impel the throttle device - 259 space - bird of prey - ( ilm ) 259 turn gracefully , she gain speed , pass camera , and head for the star with increase velocity break to warp speed as - 260 space - genesis and her SUN - ( ilm ) 260 the planet be now head toward the sun . we watch in wonder as she gain speed and become a glaze fireball , plummete spectacularly to she own destruction . 261 bridge - bird of prey 261 the mood be subdued , somber . saavik the Genesis planet be go . kirk ( a whisper ) Goodbye , David . sulu we be clear and free to navigate . kirk best speed to vulcan . Mr. chekov , take the prisoner below . chekov aye , sir . as he start to : maltz wait ! you say you would kill I ! kirk I lie . at kirk 's gesture , chekov lead maltz out . kirk turn back to he panel . sulu estimate vulcan at point one niner . camera move in to kirk and saavik . kirk saavik : message to ambassador sarek . tell he we bring mccoy and a live spock . ask he to prepare for the katra ritual . saavik raise a eyebrow . saavik yes , Admiral . but that may not be possible . kirk ( turn ) what ? what be you say ? saavik the katra ritual be mean to deposit spock 's consciousness in the Hall of ancient think - not in he body . kirk but we have spock alive ! that 's more than we bargain for ! saavik or less . what you describe be call fal Tor Pan - the refusion . it be very dangerous . the elder may not choose to attempt it . kirk and if they do not .? what will Happen to spock ? saavik . he will remain always as he be . as kirk wrestle with the horror of this we see : 262 int . bird of prey sick BAY - close - spock 262 he be pale , comatose , fragile look . widen as Bones pass a scanner over the form ; the scanner 's sound be feeble . mccoy stop in frustration , check spock 's eye ; then turn back , wearily . softly , as camera begin to arc around they . mccoy ( wearily ) spock . I have do everything I know ( to do ) . help I !. you strike I with it , for God 's sake , teach I what to do with it ! ( a pause , then ) I never think I would say this to you . but it seem I have miss you . and I could not bear to lose you again . he lower he head in helpless grief on the form of the unmove spock , and camera' arc have reveal kirk stand , watch . kirk step forward now , put he hand gently on mccoy , then on spock . Three life , intertwined for so long . 263 space - the planet vulcan - ( ilm ) 263 hold . the roar of a unseen spaceship be hear , and , the Bird of prey enter shot , head toward vulcan . 264 int . bridge - bird of prey 264 as kirk enter . sulu the planet vulcan . in hail distance , sir . kirk saavik . send to ambassador sarek . tell he we be come in . 265 ext . the vulcan temple area - high full angle - dusk 265 ( ilm ) looking down on the awesome mountainous landscape with a temple complex on a high forbid peak . slow zoom in to match : 266 ext . temple area - up angle - close - sarek - dusk 266 Zoom at comparable speed , to a close up of spock 's father . a voice on approach . permission to land . sarek permission grant . tell kirk we will be ready . camera pan now from sarek to reveal uhura , in uniform . uhura I will send the message , sir . 267 ext . vulcan - bird of prey - ilm ) 267 at impulse power , approach speed . her " wing " config - urate into atmospheric lift generate airfolis ; she glide ... 268 int . bird of prey 268 kirk Mr. sulu , you be on manual . sulu it 's be a while , sir . here we go ... retrothruster ! 269 ext . vulcan - bird of prey - dusk - ( ilm ) 269 as the ship descend slowly and gracefully to a soft landing in the Temple area , retro 's kick dust . 270 int . bird of prey 270 as energizer wind down , kirk hit comm : kirk Bones , let 's get he off- load . 271 ext . vulcan landing area - close in - bird of prey 271 as a ramp section of the plane hiss and lower to the ground . spock be carry down on a litter borne by he friend . as they reach the bottom , kirk be in f.g. , and look in amazement to see : 272 Pov - ( ilm element ) 272 the great hill to the Temple be line with hundred of vulcan , many with torch . it be most impressive . 273 back to kirk - mccoy - saavik 273 kirk my God ... saavik much be at stake ... then kirk see something else , react as : 274 uhura 274 cross to the crew -- be hugge by kirk . her eye be moist with emotion as : uhura sarek be wait above ... kirk nod , and uhura fall in place behind he , help to carry spock 's form with the other . they now carry spock out of scene as we begin to hear ritual chant and music in the distance . dissolve to : 275 ext . vulcan hill - series of shot - night 275 the procession be in progress through a path line on both side by simply - robe vulcan of all age . spock 's form make passage to stately music . 276 various shot 276 vulcan respond to spock 's passage . feature : a small girl release herself from she father 's grip and move alongside the body , make the vulcan salute , and whisper with great solemnity : SMALL girl ... live long and prosper , spock ... reaction cut from kirk and the other . and we -- dissolve to : 277 ext . vulcan - upper level of temple area - series of 277 shot sarek , some dignitaries , and six vulcan women , tall and stately , be wait . musician be close by now . as the Enterprise group reach sarek , he step forward to meet they . now a silence fall . sarek stand at he son 's head and gently place he two hand on spock 's face . when he be do , he look at kirk and mccoy . they search he face for some indication of hope , but sarek be expressionless . he step back now , gesture . the vulcan woman come forward , and take spock from he friend . as the transfer be complete , the procession begin again toward the temple entry . sarek fall in behind the body ; kirk and he group follow he . dissolve to : 278 int . vulcan temple - series of shot 278 the Hall of ancient think , line with massive head of stone . dolly with the procession as a amazing thing take place : as spock 's body move , now see -- now block by pass form , we realize the bearer ' hand be no longer under the body , but be on top of it . the magic of this moment be not lose on kirk , Bones and the other as we -- dissolve to : 279 ext . vulcan altar area - series of shot ( ilm element ) 279 a great saucer - shape platform under the vulcan sky , with a altar at the far end . the dramatic figure of a vulcan priestess stand there . rising into the air behind she be a elegant version of the vulcan hand salute shape in gleam metal . the bearer continue with spock toward the altar , but sarek stop here on the threshold , and stop kirk and group . sarek this be where you will wait . sarek turn to face the altar . spock 's body be deposit there to ritual music . then , the powerful chant of the high priestess begin . kirk and mccoy and the other stare in awe at what be happen , as the priestess ' chant flow over they . then , the chant end . sarek step forward . a horn .. .. sound . then : priestess sarek ... child of skon ... child of solkar . the body of you son breathes still . what be you wish ? sarek I ask for fal - Tor - Pan , the refusion . priestess what you seek have not be do since age past -- and then , only in legend . you request be not logical . sarek forgive I , t'lar . my logic falter where my son be concerned . she look at he for a long moment . then : priestess who be the keeper of the katra ? as sarek 's nod and kirk 's urgent look , Bones reply uncertainly : mccoy I be ... mccoy ... Leonard H. ( add ) Son of David ... priestess ( deep , ominous ) mccoy ... Son of David . since thou art human , we cannot expect thee to understand fully what sarek have request . the circumstance be extraordinary : spock 's body life ... with you approval , we shall use all we power to return to he body that which you possess : he essence . but mccoy ... ( a pause ) you must now be warn ! the danger to thyself be as grave as the danger to spock . ( this impact on mccoy and kirk ) you must make the choice . mccoy ( pause , then ... ) I choose the danger . ( then , aside to kirk ) helluva time to ask . priestess bring he forward . as sarek lead Bones toward the altar , we hold on kirk 's new apprehension . 280 the altar - ( intercut with kirk and crew ) - series of 280 shot sarek and mccoy reach the altar , and sarek depart . the priestess intone another short chant , punctuate by gong and musical emphatics . then chant and music stop and we hear only the gentle SOUND of the wind , and far - off temple chime . she place a hand on Bones ' face , another on spock 's . then , eerily : priestess all that can be do ... shall be do ... though it take full turn of the vulcan sun ... soft music now . she begin drift into a trance like mind meld , chant softly , almost inaudibly . close on mccoy ... and spock ... they eye be close . a sense of kinetic energy somehow pass between they ... the crew of the Enterprise , each and all ... wait ... 281 full shot - from above 281 the great altar area , the land and valley beyond . lightn streak the sky . 282 close - kirk - slow move in 282 the lightning flash be reflect in he face as we move slowly in on he concerned face ... and very slowly -- long dissolve to : 283 ext . vulcan temple area - high full shot - sunrise - 283 ( ilm ) the early morning sun cast a different , long - shadow hot look on the altar and threshold . 284 outside the altar - kirk , the crew 284 from where they have watch from last night , here they have wait , lain down . they be beginning to stir when the SOUND of a go bring they fully awake . they rise , bleary eye to see : 285 there Pov - toward the altar 285 the High priestess , exhaust , be be carry out of the altar area on a sedan chair . as she leave , sarek , support a weary mccoy , head a procession of hood robe priest . among they we now see a hooded robed figure all in white . the procession be pass kirk 's party , while kirk and the crew can only stare in uncertainty . then , sarek signal the other to continue while he , with mccoy , break off and come to kirk . 286 kirk and crew 286 they wait now as Bones , lean on sarek , enter shot . kirk Bones ...? mccoy all right ... I be all right , Jim . sulu and scotty reach for he , help support he . he be weaken , but otherwise all right . kirk gesture toward the white - robe figure walk slowly away . kirk what about spock ? sarek I be not sure . only time will answer . ( then ) kirk . I thank you . what you have do be -- kirk what I have do , I have to do . sarek but at what cost ? you ship ... you son . kirk if I have not try , the cost would have be my soul . sarek look at he with deep admiration , then turn and head back to the group of priest . the wind blow , and -- 287 kirk and group 287 they be now look into the low sun , shading they eye for a last look at the white - robe figure . 288 Pov - sarek and group - long lens 288 they be move slowly away when , suddenly , the white - robe figure stop , turn toward the Enterprise group . 289 close - the white hood 289 we can not see the feature beneath , but we know the figure be stare . after a moment , the figure start back to the Enterprise group . as two priest reach to stop he , they be stay by sarek , who now watch with interest . 290 kirk and group 290 watch with hold breath as the white - robe figure walk steadily to they , reach they . 291 the figure 291 back light . the wind whip he garment . now he lower he hood . we see spock : a radiant , gentle spock . his age be as we have know it ; he hair , he face , the same ; he would look at peace except for the eye , which remain hollow , fill with question and uncertainty . 292 scene - various angle 292 the Enterprise crew , each of they stare back at spock as subjective camera pan past they slowly . each make he own effort to be remember , but -- spock remain churn , but uncertain . then he look hardest at all at : kirk . the wind whip he hair . something triggers in spock . he step forward , and then in a odd , rusty voice : spock I know you ... do I not ? kirk yes . and I know you . spock my father say you have be my friend ... you come back for I . kirk you would have do the same for I . spock ( search ) why would you do this ...? kirk ( grasp to make a connection ) because ... the need of the one outweigh the need of the many . spock stare at he . a vague connection have be make -- but not enough . spock turn away in uncertainty , begin walk back to the group he leave . kirk raise he helpless hand after spock , wonder what he might have say , should have say -- when suddenly : spock stop , back to kirk . he close he eye , look to the sky . and like someone who have find a piece of a puzzle , he say : spock I have be ... and ever shall be ... you friend . kirk step forward a few step -- hushed , encourage -- kirk yes , yes , spock ... spock ( half turn ) the ship ... out of danger ...? kirk ( deeply ) you save the ship , spock . you save we all . do not you remember ?! there be a odd moment after kirk 's impassion speech : spock cock he head as if some vital piece of informa - tion have just click into place . spock ( softly ) ... Jim ... you name be Jim . kirk 's eye well with tear . he nod he head . kirk ... yes . they eye be lock together . spock give a little nod of satisfaction , as if know he have take the first of many step . he turn to share this with mccoy ... and then with they all . we have the feel that spock have come back to he family ... and to we ... 293 on enterprise family 293 they have gather round kirk now , beam at spock through they tear and they joy , know they all have a future together . as the camera pull up and back from this , we roll end credit and -- fade out . the end