" starman " screenplay by Bruce A. Evans and raynold gideon with Dean riesner ( uncredited ) draft script fade in : ext . highway - night the wail of a siren grow out of the distance and very faintly through the fog we see the headlight and flash blue rack light of a police car come toward we . it drop into a dip , reappear almost immediately , hurtle down the center of the desert highway . it get closer and closer until the light and siren fill we sense then zoom past we . int . police car - night a frighten security guard be tense forward off the back seat , he hand clutch into the fabric between the two regular police officer in front . guard ( a edge of fear in he voice ) it 's come up ... slow down ... ( he point out between they ) there , right there ... through the windshield we can see the headlight pick up a billboard announce a ' new ' housing development . ext . highway - night the squad car skid off the asphalt in front of the sign and start up a rutte dirt road . the sign tell we we be head for ' pinewood estate , ' a housing development finance by the farmer Bank of Wisconsin . int . police car - night the Security Guard be become more agitate . he wipe a cold sweat off he brow . the blue flasher reflect off the fog onto the face of the man . suddenly the Security Guard lunge forward and slap off the rack light and siren . officer ( startle ) benny , God , take it easy ... benny ( guard ) I do not want to scare they away . the two Police officer exchange a indulgent look . ext . housing tract - night use only its parking light , the police car creep up the dirt road between skeleton of unfinish house . int . police car - night the window be roll down . periodically one of the man lean out for a better look at the terrain around they . second officer smell smoke ... benny I tell you . ext . housing tract - night the police car come around a curve on the hillside and stop . above they on the next hill , a necklace of ember from a grass fire and a burn tree flicker through the fog . the man get out of the car . benny ( loud whisper ) there !! up on the hill !! the officer step forward for a better look . benny hang on he shoulder . benny right in line with that burn tree . officer I do not see anything . benny it 's there . the fog 's thicker now , but it 's there . what do you think start that fire ? the officer strain to see through the fog . officer benny , there 's nothing there . benny there be . they come out of the belly of the ship and then go to the first terrace and fly down into the house . officer flew ?! oh , come on benny ... the second officer be peer intently at something down among the house . officer you hear that , Mike ? now he 's tell we ... mike ( second officer ) what 's that ? benny and the officer look to where Mike be point . what appear to be the beam of a powerful headlight bob among the house below they . further into the track another beam of light move slightly from right to leave but seem otherwise stationary . benny what do I tell you ? officer probably kid . one of the light rise over a house and settles on the other side . mike ( not convinced ) probably ... ext . housing tract - night a light shine directly into we eye . as it swing away from we we realize that it be the searchlight on the police car which be idling along the dirt road with its run light off . the fire on the hill give the fog down here a red tint . int . police car - night the police officer be beginning to feel anxious . benny 's nervous fidget in the back seat do not help they any . benny do not you think you should call a backup ? officer no , we can handle this . ext . housing tract - night the police car pass a road perpendicular to the one it be on . a couple of house down that road a faint glow spill over the side of a industrial dumpster . as we watch we hear a eerie high pitch whistle , a shaft of light slowly rise out of the metal box and seem to fly off between the house . int . finished house - night as a humanoid silhouette pass in front of the picture window , a shaft of light float by in the fog outside . the silhouette continue around to look at the kitchen . it raise a hand to eye level . there be a sharp " SNAP " and a hard - edge cone of light shoot out of the darkness to capture the inside of the kitchen and pull back a three - dimensional image of stove , sink , cupboard , electrical fixture and wall to the silhouette . ext . housing tract - night the police car be park in the middle of the dirt road . benny and the officer be intent on a light that reach they only in strobe as it move through the house in the direction of the fire on the hill . the police searchlight swing onto the house . officer ( over outside speaker ) this be the police . identify yourselves . it be deathly silent . carry a shotgun the officer motion benny and Mike to fan out on either side of he and , gun draw , they cut across the tract to where they last see the bob light . the fog quickly isolate they , heighten they fear . each man become acutely aware of the loudness of he breathe and the crunch of he footstep on the ground . they drift in and out of visual contact with each other . benny freeze as he hear a burst of the high pitch whistle sweep by on he leave . he turn slowly to see , through the rib of a unfinish house , a shaft of the white light point at a cement mixer . benny ( to the officer , he voice crack ) there 's one over here ... the brilliant light swing toward he . benny , he hand tremble , raise the gun . benny stop !! Police !! the light fix on benny and terrify he shake off a couple shot . the light go out immediately . mike ( in benny 's direction ) what happen ? benny I think I shot one . mike Jesus , benny . what be you do ? int . finished house ( bedroom ) - night we be look at the back of the humanoid figure . it cross to a high window and look out . the reddish tinge of the fog outline he . ext . housing tract - night the man strain to see something through the silent fog . officer you see anything , Mike ? before Mike can answer , a strange percussive click sound be hear . he pump a shell in the chamber of he shotgun and swallow he fear move toward the voice . they stop . officer this be the police . identify yourselves . benny , he flashlight throw a feeble beam in front of he , inch around the house look for what he shot at . he get to where it should be but it 's not there . his light search the area . there be nothing but a stack of lumber . shake visibly he shuffles to it and peer around its corner . nothing . benny relax and allow himself to breathe again . benny ( shout to the officer ) you wanna give I some help over here . mike okay ... benny continue around the house . he flash he light into a doorway . there be nothing but frame . when he move on , a figure step out of the darkness to fill the space , then raise its arm . with a sharp snap cylindrical device swing off its wrist into its hand . at the corner of the house benny hear the snap and stop . the high pitch whistle start behind he . he stumble around to face a brilliant white light fly directly at he . benny scream in terror and fire at it . the light swerve and a laser streak from one of the hand rocket sear benny 's chest and knock he to the ground in pain . holding he shoulder he watch the light rise and fall erratically between the house . the officer watch in awe as the beam wobble through the air , then crash to the earth . officer Mike , call for back -up. ( shouting ) benny , you all right ? benny I do not think so ... ( clutching he shoulder ) officer ( wave the beam of he flashlight , shout ) benny , this be I . I be go to take a look . benny 's beam flash back . benny do not leave I . I be come . the two man begin to trot toward the light . it swing wildly around and , accompany by the high - pitch whistle , start to stagger back up the hill . benny and the officer break into a run . they be on they way up the hill when the light in front of they crash to the earth . it roll over and lay still , the beam shoot straight up into the air . benny and the officer slow they pursuit , terrify of what they might find . suddenly a high -pitch whistle be bear down on they from behind . before they can turn a light rocket over they head . with a rumble the hill begin to vibrate . as they follow its flight , they see light beginning to ripple to life across the skin of a saucer - shape spacecraft rest at the edge of the forest on top of the hill . with a rumble the hill begin to vibrate . frightened , the officer stop . int . finished house - night the humanoid figure walk rapidly down the hall into the kitchen . a indistinct image play on the inside of its faceplate and we hear the faint sound of a percussive language . through the window over the sink we can see the light of the spaceship . the rocket flip into the humanoid 's glove hand and it be airborne out the open back door . ext . housing tract - night from the road benny and the officer watch as the humanoid figure that just blast over they fly between the tree and into the white light emit from the underbelly of the spacecraft . the noise from the ship 's power plant be deafen as it begin to rise above the tree . with Mike at the wheel the police car , its rack light flash , fishtail up the dirt road and slide sideways to a bone - jarring stop next to benny and the officer . as they jump out of the way they find themselves face into the super white beam of the figure that be in the house . they be between it and the ship . at the angle that it be come up the hill , the light look like it be head directly for they . this be too much for the officer and in terror he raise he shotgun and fire wildly at it . the figure veer off and disappear into the fog . with a awesome roar the spacecraft reach escape velocity and hurtle into the night sky . the concussion wave knock benny and the officer off they foot . ext . country road - night the escape figure 's light come out of the fog at tree height . we hear the high - pitch whistle of its rocket . a burst of percussive language come from behind the faceplate . subtitle lander four to mapmaker wind . fix position for rescue . repeat . fix position for rescue . ext . housing tract - night the fire on the hillside have be renew . shake , benny and the officer rise to they foot and start toward the light shafting straight up from the figure lie on the hillside . the only sound be police chatter come out of the radio in the open squad car . ext . logging road - night a 18 - wheeler with a load of log lumber past we . int . truck - night it feel cozy with the wiper slapping the rain off the windshield . the driver be try to steal a cigarette out of he snore partner be pocket without waking he up . he get one and reach for the lighter . ext . country road - night the escape figure bank around a blind corner . int . truck - night the driver get a glimpse of something in he headlight and slam on the brake , but it be too late . the figure hit the spoiler above the cab . we hear the smack of impact . one of its boot scar the windshield . ext . country road - night the figure bounce off the jack -knife truck and like a wounded bird tumble through the air into the tree . with the light spin crazily , it plunge through the bough and smashes face first into the mud at the bottom of a embankment . the strip light on the side of its helmet go out . ext . truck - night the driver and he partner , stand in the shaft of the high beam , be peer into the wood . partner what the hell be it anyway ? driver damned if I know . ext . wood - night the figure thrashes over on its back and try to close a shoulder - to- hip tear in its life - support suit . by the faint identification light that flicker on and off inside its helmet , we see a man from the star . his skin be translucent coral . he be gasp as we atmosphere mix with he and threaten to suffocate he . under he translucent skin a maze of vein and artery extend from a white mass that sit in the upper half of he head . he be hairless . underneath a graceful fore-head , transparent eyelid droop over black pupilless eye . the thin lip that delineate he mouth be chalk - white . he try to clutch the edge of the tear together but be too weak . his hand drop limply from the suit , allow the rent to gape open and reveal the translucent body underneath . partner ( v.o. ) come on . I be get wet . driver ( v.o . ) it musta be a bird . partner ( v.o. ) how about if I drive now ? behind the faceplate a piece of white light break off from the shine mass in the STAR man be head and move down he neck . through the hole in the suit we see it arrive at the top of he single lung . the white light spread throughout the organ like a phosphorescent tide . the STAR man lapse into unconsciousness as we hear the truck pull away . int . helicopter ( cockpit ) - dawnbreak a light rain be fall . we be look through the windscreen at the gray landscape pass under the helicopter . marc shermin , a grizzle man in he mid-fifty with a honest stubborn face , shift he attention from the right side to the leave side of the craft . below he he can see the road lead into the housing tract be block by police car . the helicopter lean into a banking turn and the spacecraft 's blacken landing site come into view . below it a orange nylon tent have be erect over the dead extraterrestrial . it glow from the inside . a Air Force helicopter be park on the other side of the burn . ext . housing tract - dawnbreak a man in a white contamination suit be help benny and the two officer into the Air Force helicopter . the three man be glassy - eye and wrap in blanket . benny have a bandage across he chest . they look up at shermin 's descend helicopter . they be still look at it when they disappear inside . shermin 's unmark s65 settles on the clear . the nose door be open and shermin , carry the hood of he contamination suit , come down the ladder . a tall homespun man , also in a hoodless contamination suit , step forward to greet he . man ( around a cigarette ) Major Aaron Bell ... shermin Marc shermin , National Security Agency . shermin take a moment to look over at the tent , the green hillside and the forest beyond . it be pastoral in the soft light of dawn . shermin this have always be my favorite time of day . major bell ( man ) very beautiful country up here ... shermin any sign of biological contamination , excessive radiation , anything like that ? major bell not on the landscape . we be try to get a tube under the faceplate for a read on possible deadly lifeform but it 's hard go . shermin can you see under the faceplate ? major bell no . Bell 's hand shake as he light a new cigarette off the one in he mouth . shermin there 's a good chance you could be wrong about this thing then ... major bell wait will you see it . he throw away the cigarette and begin to put on he contamination hood . shermin follow as they start for the tent . major bell we have a flight of f16 's play tag with the spaceship over Michigan for a hour . then it shot straight up and disappear . shermin be there visual contact ? major bell no , sir . radar . shermin it could have be anything . ext . blackened landing site - dawnbreak hood , Bell and shermin make they way past three suite scientist examine the landscape with geiger counter and other sense instrument . with the come of dawn and Bell 's handlight we can clearly see the pod indentation and the huge black glass cup of earth that be fuse by the energy blast out of the spaceship 's power plant . major bell after I call in , I have a chance to sit down with the three local . they swear there 's another one that do not make the ship ... it might be alive . shermin people have make mistake in this situation before . major bell I have be investigate sighting for seventeen year , Mr. shermin . this one 's real . we have a dead extra - terrestrial in that tent and another one in the area that might be alive . we have be visit . it 's finally happen and the sooner Washington accept that and start figure out how we be go to deal with this being , the better off we be go to be . ext . foot of embankment - dawnbreak it be still raining . the STAR man stir and awaken with a start . he part the tear in he suit and look at he lung through he translucent body . it have change in color from brown to a rich yellow ocher . he take several deep breath of we atmosphere and he lung expands and contract easily . he conduct a quick inventory of he damage spacesuit , then struggle to he knee and stand up . int . bioquarantine tent ( housing tract ) - dawnbreak the sound of a powerful slow - speed drill greet Bell and shermin as they enter . the extraterrestrial be still on its back with its helmet light shine straight up . a hose that extend from a portable gas chromatograph have be suction - seal to a corner of the faceplate . a scientist be make adjustment at the chromatograph while he companion be monitoring the progress of the drill into the faceplate . both be wear contamination suit . a foam-line coffin-shape metal box be on the ground next to one of the wall . Bell and shermin approach the body . shermin 's first look be at the faceplate , but all he can see be he own reflection . his eye travel down the body . major bell look at the hand . the glove hand of the figure have only three finger and a thumb . shermin take Bell 's flashlight . he angle it at the faceplate . as he lean in to follow the beam , the pitch of the drill rise . he shift the light . the drill break through and the faceplate explode out of the helmet . the man throw themselves back in panic . when they turn back to look , distort impression of the face inside the helmet reflect on the glass of they contamination hood . ( pause ) shermin oh , Jesus . major bell ( move toward the body ) we better get it into the box . come on ... the other man approach the body but before they can bend to it a burst of percussive language , follow by a low buzz , come from inside the extraterrestrial 's helmet . the man freeze . there be another burst of percussive language and a projection beam shoot out of the helmet throw the image of the escape STAR man onto one of the scientist . he jump aside and the beam fall out of focus and indistinct on the tent wall behind he . subtitle mapmaker wind . do you hear I ? shermin ( incredulous ) the other one be alive ! ext . foot of embankment - dawnbreak the STAR man be stand . we hear the sound of he percussive language come from behind he mirrore faceplate . STAR man ( subtitle ) mapmaker wind . do you hear I ? his answer be nothing but the low buzz . he tap a series of button on he chest panel and speak again . STAR man mapmaker wind . do you hear I ? again the buzz . STAR man mapmaker wind . do you hear I ? the buzz continue . he be very still for a moment . then he press the palm of he hand together , prayer fashion , and concentrate . when he pull they apart , a blue force field pulse between they . he stop at shoulder width . a solarize aerial view of the United States form on the force field . a green dot appear in the area of western Wisconsin , a red dot in the area of death Valley , California . he drop he hand to he lap and sit very still . the solarize compass remain float in the air in front of he . after a long moment he reach up and squeeze it into a ball that disappear when he palm come together . int . helicopter - dawnbreak shermin step through the open bay door into a communication room . the radar and radio console each have a technician . a third technician , lyman , sit in front of a square of six medium - size television screen . lyman be it for real ? shermin get Fox . lyman tap a code into the computer keyboard . there 's a shower of static on one of the tv screen . when it clear up GEORGE fox , mid-forty , hair slicked straight back , round wire - rimmed glass , be peer intently into the camera . shermin ( before Fox can speak ) it 's real , George . fox there 's no mistake ? you be absolutely sure ? shermin I see it with my own eye . we have kill a extraterrestrial and ... fox be there any possibility that it 's a hoax ? could you be mistaken ? shermin none . and there 's another one in the area that 's alive . I do not know if it 's the only one . I do not know if it be leave here by accident or it 's part of a inva ... fox get the body out of there . load it on the Air Force chopper and get it to wright Patterson . they will take it from there ... we do not expect this , shermin . shermin ( answer the accusation ) neither do I . Major Bell enter the helicopter . fox we be go ... damn ! ( he shake he head in disbelief ) we will tell the press that there be a accident . Chemical warfare spill . that cover can not be violate in any way . understand I , shermin ? major bell Major Bell here , sir . we have to tell this people that we be friendly . that this whole thing be a mistake . be anyone try to contact the ship ? fox ( ignore this ) shermin , I want you and Bell to start look for the one on the ground . shermin we will need a lot of help , George . you could hide a army up here . fox I be go to the White House right now . I will try and get you everything you need . shermin wait , wait ... what be my order if we find this thing ? Fox sit silently for a second . fox contain it and get back to I . shermin what do you mean by ' contain ? ' Fox know shermin be look for a definite order . fox just what I say . the television screen be reduce to static . shermin stare at it blankly then lyman turn it off . ext . housing tract - morning the lift off of shermin 's helicopter reveal contamination -- suite scientist slip the dead extraterrestrial 's coffin into the Air Force helicopter . ext . wood - day the STAR man , still in he life - support suit , look surreal in the twilight world under the canopy of fir . the morning rain have go . a hum of traffic pull he across the hill to a stand of alder that border the forest . through the leave he can see a highway enter the sprawl of eau Claire , Wisconsin . the car and truck zipping along the asphalt be of particular interest to he . when he have absorb they he walk through the tree to get a better look at the town . on the wind he can hear shout from student board a line of yellow bus in front of a grade school off to he right . suburban house have begin to snuggle up to the base of the hill he be on . keeping to the tree line well above they he continue he search for a avenue of escape . his head swivel to watch a volvo station wagon come down the street . it swing into the driveway of the house directly below he and stop next to a mustang hatchback . the back door open and jenny haydn , a pretty girl in she mid-twenty , get out carry a crudely lettere be-ribbone sign ' welcome back , Mrs. haydn . ' female voice drift up to the STAR man from inside the car . voice it be great to have you back ... the kid love it . we love it . you be do the right thing ... ext . house - day jenny I hope so ... we will see ... see you tomorrow ... bye. bye . voice ( as the volvo back out of the driveway ) remember you be require to have a lesson plan tomorrow . Jenny laugh and wave . with the volvo move away up the street Jenny pick she newspaper off she walk and go into the house . ext . hillside - day the STAR man press on through the tree . he hear a light plane overhead . he stop and watch until the branch cut off he view . a path between two log lead he to the tip of a promontory . from behind the cedar grow there , he sit and look down on the center of eau Claire . Arm in arm , a young couple meander through the tree . the boy have a blanket over he shoulder and the girl 's hair be dishevel . without see he , they walk past the STAR man crouch in a thicket of small pine . after they have go by , he straighten up and watch they walk down toward the highway . ext . hillside - late afternoon the sun be set over suburban eau Claire . the color be reflect in the STAR man 's faceplate as he watch Jenny push a hand mower over she back yard . he take a dusty gray marble out of a leg pocket and while Jenny finish the lawn he roll it between he glove . it turn a glow gold as it grow in size . when it reach the dimension of a baseball , he bring it close to he faceplate and speak into it . STAR man ( subtitles ) Iron channel message . suit and rocket destroy . radical mixture of this atmosphere and ours in helmet allow chemo - ion response time to adapt my body to this air . be go to attempt extreme transformation in order to cross land mass to site of we practice landing . if transformation be not fatal , second message ball by next darkness . he open he hand and the ball rise quickly into the sky . Jenny be dump the grass clipping into a garbage can at the side of the house when the sudden motion of the message ball catch she eye and she watch it quizzically until it disappear . ext . wisconsin skie - late afternoon we be on the belly of shermin 's helicopter look at the tree top rush underneath . int . helicopter - late afternoon shermin be stand back of lyman and Bell who be seat in front of the square of television screen watch various shot of the wood landscape flow by under they . shermin scrub he hand over he face then bend over to stretch he back . shermin aghh ... I be suppose to umpire a little league game tomorrow . lyman I would not worry about it ... there might not be any little league tomorrow . pause . major bell I be tell you they be probably friendly . lyman then why do they try and sneak in the back door ? tell I that . why do not they contact we first and say ... radar technician ( loud ) ufo come out of the grass . shermin lock in . radar technician get it . lyman and the technician tap out order to they tracking unit and the view of the forest on three of the television screen change to image from they microwave scanner , neutron back scatter and doppler radar . on a fourth screen the forward - look infrared module begin create a picture of the ufo . the man relax as they recognize the configuration of a light sea plane . lyman this be crazy . what be we go to do if that have be the ship ? we have two thirty calibre machine gun , three m16 's and some handgun . shermin give it a rest , lyman . major bell ( after a pause ) I have never once hear of anybody be hurt by a extraterrestrial ... shermin go hand over hand along the overhead strap to the radio operator . he begin to flip through a stack of telex message . lyman that 's because the one that be hurt , die . they could not talk to you . shermin ( to technician , after a look at lyman ) any report about monster , people in Halloween mask , anything like that ? technician no , but there sure be a lot of people who see light in the sky last night . report be still come in . major bell ( under above ) I have hear of blood be draw , sometimes they be take for a ride in the ship , a lot of time they say they have sex ... but nobody be ever hurt ... lyman but you decide that be not real . this one be . there be a buzz and a red dot appear in the center of one of the screen . lyman ( over he shoulder to shermin ) Fox . he tap a three digit code and Fox come into view . fox I have get something for you . a photograph of a very thin slab of yellow plastic pop up on a second screen next to Fox . above line of glow color dot be symbol of a hydrogen atom , pulsar , a nude man and a woman and Earth 's position in we solar system . fox recognize this ? major bell it 's a copy of the plaque NASA send into space on the Pioneer probe . fox Houston find it in the extraterrestrial 's suit . major bell they must have pick it up in space . shermin then it 's not a accident that they find we . fox we do not think that 's necessarily bad . at least it 's a point of contact . shermin not necessarily bad ! if they know we be here why do not they let we know they be come ? fox we will get that answer when you find the one you be look for . shermin that 's not go to happen , George , unless you get we the help you promise we . fox we have be back and forth on this all day and keep in mind the panic that would occur if this get to the general public , it 's be decide not to expand the search at this time . shermin do not let they do it this way , George . it 's too important . we can not find this thing alone . fox you have to . we be try to contact the ship . if we do , I will let you know immediately . good luck . the television screen be reduce to static . lyman shut it off . radar technician you get the feel we be expendable ? shermin we always be . ext . house - night we be look through the live room window at Jenny watch television while she iron the clothes she plan to wear to work tomorrow . the STAR man stand just outside the light - fall in the back yard watch she . a commercial interrupt the old movie with a jolly fat man in a jumpsuit tout he use car . the two word ' we have ...' be repeat constantly during the pitch . ' we have automatics ... we have stick ... we have color ... we have financing ...' ... we move in close on the STAR man be faceplate . STAR man ( practice the human sound ) wehave ... ( more precise ) wehave ... ( well - form ) wehave ... Jenny finish the skirt , unplug the iron , pick up the clothes , shut off the television , the light and head upstairs . half way up she stop . jenny ( faint through the glass ) damn ! she turn around and look down indecisively , then hurry upstairs . a light go on in the bedroom . the STAR man back away to look up at it . he can not see anything . he be on he way to try and get in the side door when Jenny come clumping down the stair in a old sweatshirt and pull on a pair of jeans . she disappear into the kitchen . without warning the door ahead of he be swing open and Jenny rush out . the STAR man barely have time to step into the shadow . Jenny grab the handle of one of the garbage can line against the house and drag it down to the street . when she come back for the second one we see that the STAR man be no longer in the shadow . int . house - night Jenny come in and lock the door . she pass through the kitchen and be on she way to the stair when the STAR man step out of the darkness in the live room . a scream catch in Jenny 's throat . STAR man ( precise ) wehave ... Jenny bolt for the front door . at the end of the hallway she foot catch in a phone cord pull the phone off a end table . the receiver be jarre out of its cradle . Jenny regains she balance and get to the door ahead of the STAR man . she jerk it open , but the guard chain stop it three inch from the jamb . frantically , she try again but the chain hold . the STAR man slam the door shut and reach out to grab she . she flail back at he . one of she hand strike the panel on he chest and the identification light come on inside he helmet . at the sight of the STAR man , Jenny begin to scream . he press she back against the wall and put a mitten hand over she mouth . STAR man wehave ... Jenny cease she struggle and begin to cry . the STAR man take he hand away from she mouth . jenny please do not hurt I ... please ... please . holding she with he eye he grasp one of Jenny 's hand and lift it up to look at it . he raise a piece of skin off she wrist , roll it between he thumb and forefinger . Jenny let out a blood-curdling scream and strike out at he . flashes of light erupt off he expose chest where she hit . the ferocity of she attack knock he aside and she sprint up the stair . the STAR man recover and start after she . int . bedroom - night Jenny get there two step ahead of the STAR man . she slam the door in he face and lock it . with he pounding on the outside , Jenny throw open the closet and begin rummage madly through the side pocket of she jacket and coat . the pounding stop . it take she a moment to hear the silence . when she do , she whirl toward the door expect the worst , but it remain close . she wait . all she can hear be the sound of the rain . she intensify she search . jenny ( hysteria creep into she voice ) it 's get to be here ... it 's get to be here ... she find it in the pocket of a down jacket . the Army issue .45 look big in she hand . she release the safety and , with a wary eye on the door , reach for the phone on the night table next to the bed . Long before the receiver get to she ear , she can hear the " bleet " cause by the phone be off the hook for so long in the live room . she hang up and walk around the bed to sit on the corner face the door . in the distance , we can hear the thump of a approaching helicopter . after a moment 's indecision , Jenny get up and release the lock . again she wait . nothing happen . with the gun ready , she turn the knob and open the door a crack . the hallway be empty . she kick off she shoe and let herself out of the bedroom . int . hallway - night Jenny creep toward the stair in she stockinge foot . she look in the bathroom . the STAR man be not there . she decide to go downstairs . int . house - night the STAR man be not in the live room . Jenny sidle along the wall for the front door . at the archway to the de a hiss sound stop she . she peer around the molding . the spill from the stairwell light provide the only illumination . the STAR man be sit on the edge of a chair with he back to she . he be naked . a dot of light be hissing around he head . the shadow in the room make it difficult for Jenny to tell exactly what be go on . point the .45 at the STAR man , she step into the room for a better look . the floor creak and the STAR man turn to she . Jenny shudder at what she see . the STAR man be hold a 8x10 color photograph of Jenny and a man in he mid-twenty stand on a beach in they bathing suit . the dot of light be copying the man 's feature onto the STAR man be translucent head . the top two - third of the face be already do . everything be perfect , even the eye . Jenny begin to tremble and lower the gun . jenny ( in a small voice ) no ... please do not ... she sag against the armchair , rack by sob that be drown out by the flap of the approaching helicopter . the STAR man , with the dot of light stop on he leave cheek , get up and take the gun from she . he drop it on the couch and raise he eye to the sound of the helicopter now directly over the house . through the window , we can see the searchlight scour the hillside next to the back yard . the STAR man return to the picture and resume he transformation . he complete the chin , then continue downward weaving skin and fill in the human characteristic over the entire body . dissolve to : int . clean room ( houston ) - night we come down a electrical cord that end in a micro-phone , then down further to dr . bergen , a tall thin bald man in he late fifty dress in the medical equivalent of a contamination suit . dr . bergen the creature be hit three time ... use a laser light indicator Dr. Bergen show we where . dr . bergen ... the arm , the abdomen and the upper chest , the one in the chest be the cause of death . it shattered , for want of a better term , the creature 's backbone . it 's not really , because it 's not jointed . it 's simply a hollow shaft of very pliable silicate material , as be its entire endoskeleton . the creature seem to have tremendous regenerative power . although it must have die within minute of receive the fatal wound , the arm and abdomen wound be almost totally heal and the bullet here ... ( indicate with the light ) have begin to dissolve ... int . SMALL rectangular room - night Fox , another civilian and two men in uniform be watch the autopsy on a bank of screen which show Dr. Bergen , the room and various close - up of the dead extraterrestrial lie on a white glass table light from underneath . dr . bergen it have vein but no blood . we think , and this be just speculation , that some form of energy flow from the brain , which be much more sophisticated than ours , throughout the rest of the body ... we do not think there be any danger of bacterial contamination . we biochemistry be too different ... int . helicopter - night shermin and he crew be glue to the monitor , watch the autopsy from Houston . dr . bergen ( v.o. ) the flesh be gelatinous , the skin be very porous and very moist . this be another guess , but it probably come from a planet that receive only reflect light , perhaps from a ring of moon . its atmospheric pressure be slightly less than ours and it contain a great deal more water ... fox ( v.o. ) Dr. Bergen , George Fox here in Washington . can you give we a idea of why they be here ? dr . bergen ( v.o. ) they be so advanced ... I ... eh ... can not imagine what they would want from we . I know they could be dangerous . but they could also be the great thing that ever happen to mankind ... shermin and he crew share mix reaction . int . jenny' house - bedroom - dawnbreak Jenny , sit on the floor with she arm wrap around she knee , be reflect in a mirror fastened to the back of the closet door . the STAR man edge around the door to look at himself in the glass . in baggy tan cord , a windbreaker and a plaid shirt , buttone all the way to the neck and a button in the wrong hole halfway down the front , he look like a innocent abroad . he notice the shirt be askew across he chest and , with he new hand , awkwardly reset the button . he look himself over . his movement resemble a human 's but be noticeably more precise . the clothes seem right so he lean into the mirror to inspect he face . he squeeze the skin on he cheek , examine he eye , turn he head as far as he can to inspect the side of he face , fold he ear forward to check the skin behind they and he even give a good two - fisted tug to he hair to see if it be on securely . he turn from the mirror and go over to where the .45 and a leg pouch from he life - support suit be lie on the bed next to a snapshot of the man whose identity he have take . in the picture the man be dress exactly as the STAR man be now . the STAR man pick up the gun and the pouch and , speak to Jenny in he own language , step to the door and motion for she to follow . Jenny consciously ignore he . the STAR man come over , reach down and grab she arm to pull she to she foot . Jenny squirm back , but he hold she tight . she look at the hand , almost touch it , then up at the familiar yet disturbingly unfamiliar face above she . STAR man please ... jenny do not ... do not do this ... please ... the STAR man get she to she foot and hustle she out of the room . on the dresser be Jenny 's wedding picture . the man the STAR man have become be she husband . int . house - dawnbreak the STAR man pull Jenny down the stair . jenny ( struggle to free herself ) you be hurt I . stop . the STAR man guide she into the entryway and reach for the front door . realizing he intention , Jenny increase she struggle and manage to pull away . jenny oh , God , no ! I be not leave this house with you . you be go to hurt I , I know ... the STAR man look intently at she , then open the front door . he tap he chest , point to Jenny and motion to the dawn outside . jenny ( through tear ) I can not . I would like to help . you look like Scott , but I know you be not . I do not know what you be . you gotta understand , I be afraid of you ... as Jenny back into the live room , the STAR man close the door . he raise the gun , examine it quickly , then with he finger around the trigger , point it at Jenny . STAR man please . jenny why be you do this to I ? I will give you whatever ... the STAR man swing the muzzle sight across Jenny 's body and fire . a floor vase explode . Jenny turn to look at the remain , then back to the STAR man . ext . jenny' house - dawnbreak the mustang be back out of the driveway with Jenny behind the wheel and the STAR man perch nervously on the passenger seat . int . mustang - dawnbreak wary of what will happen next , the STAR man watch Jenny move the gear selector to the drive position . the car jerk forward and he grab the dashboard to keep from toppling back in the seat . during the ride up the block , he head swivel from side to side try to take in as much of the darken urban landscape as he can . when the car stop at a ' stop ' sign , he look at Jenny questioningly . STAR man please ... jenny which way do you want to go ? she motion ahead and he turn to look at a inter-section with street run in three direction off of it . his eye question Jenny again . jenny you can go that way ... ( point leave ) that way ... ( straight ahead ) that way ... she point right . after another look at Jenny , the STAR man press the palm of he hand together , concentrate briefly , then slowly draw they apart . the force field appear between they . on it the solarize view of the United States rotate until the red destination dot be on he right . he drop he hand and point to the right . STAR man ( measure ) that way . the satel compass continue to hover over the dashboard . jenny ( stare incredulously at the compass ) God , what be you ? she start she right turn without look leave and fail to see a little mg approach from that direction . the wail of the AIR horn startles Jenny and reflexively she slam on the brake . the mustang stall and the mg squeal around they . Jenny check the STAR man . he have press himself against the passenger door . the gun lie on the seat next to he . they both look at it . the STAR man recover and pick it up . jenny ( start the engine ) I be sorry ... this time when Jenny put the car into drive , the STAR man be ready for the acceleration . the car complete the turn and the compass rotate to its new head . look at it from this angle , Jenny suddenly recognize it for what it be : a aerial view of the United States . jenny that green dot , that 's we , be not it ... and the red 's where you want to go ?... you do not understand I , do you ? the STAR man look at she uncomprehendingly . jenny ( to herself ) I gotta get out of here . ext . STREET - dawnbreak the mustang cruise through the industrial section of eau Claire . int . mustang - dawnbreak the STAR man be watch Jenny drive . a set of headlight rush toward US in the other lane . Jenny twist around to follow the car as it go by and we see the desperation on she face . when she return she attention to the road , she sneak a glance at the STAR man to see if she action have give away she state of mind . his expression have not change . Jenny take a deep breath and let it out slowly . uttering a phrase in he own language , the STAR man touch the steering wheel . jenny ( startle ) what ? STAR man ( think the steering wheel be call ' what , " he repeat ) what . with the same phrase in he language , he point to the ' gear shift . ' jenny ( realize she mistake ) ah ... no ... STAR man ( repeat ) ah no . he point to the dashboard . Jenny sense there be go to be a great deal of misunderstanding if she use more word . she shake she head ' no ' and touch the steering wheel . jenny ( enunciate ) steering wheel ... STAR man ( correct she ) what . Jenny shake she head ' no . ' jenny steering wheel . STAR man ( repeat ) steering wheel . jenny ( point to the gear shift ) gear shift . STAR man gear shift . jenny ( slap the dashboard ) dashboard . STAR man dashboard . Jenny see a police car creep across the intersection ahead of she and interrupt the lesson to stare at it . the STAR man look to where she be look . STAR man ( alarmed ) what ?! jenny eh ... police . STAR man ( remember ) Police ... he raise the gun off he lap . Jenny try to distract he . jenny ( rap on the steering wheel ) what ?... with he eye on the police car the STAR man ignore she . jenny steering wheel ... ( she point to the gear shift ) what ? the STAR man be intent on the police car . Jenny give up try to distract he . the patrol car pass out of they view . the STAR man lower the gun and look at Jenny . STAR man ( unprompted , point correctly at each item ) steering wheel ... gear shift ... dashboard ... jenny ( this frighten Jenny even more ) good . STAR man good . ext . intersection - dawn we come down from a red light to find the mustang stop behind the limit line . jenny ( v.o. ) which way ? STAR man ( v.o. ) that way . the light change and the car proceed straight across the intersection . STAR man ( v.o. ) good . int . mustang - dawn while the STAR man pick through the content of the glove compartment , Jenny look for a way to escape . a all - night laundromat be a possibility , but it 's desert . the STAR man find the switch on a flash - light and flick it on and off . STAR man what ? jenny ( distant ) flashlight . he put the flashlight in he lap along with the owner 's manual and gas slip and take a stack of Discount coupon out of the glove compartment . STAR man what ? jenny coupon . Jenny see a set of headlight turn into the oncoming lane . she slide she eye toward the STAR man . he be busy look through the coupon . Jenny measure the distance between the mustang and the oncoming light . the STAR man hold up one of the coupon and point to a picture of the product . STAR man what ? jenny ( curt ) pancake . STAR man pancake . he point to the cluster of letter that spell save 35 '' . STAR man what ? Jenny do not answer . the distance between the two vehicle be narrowing rapidly . STAR man what ? Jenny set she jaw and wrench the steering wheel violently to the leave . ext . STREET - dawn the mustang skid sideways across the center line . the oncoming van jam on its brake and swerve to its leave . lock in a skid , it drift toward the mustang . int . mustang - dawn the STAR man suck himself back in terror as the van descend on he . it swing past he window and clip the rear fender of the mustang . both vehicle shudder to a stop . Jenny claw at she door . it swing open . she be halfway out before the STAR man manage to grab the tail of she sweatshirt . Jenny begin to scream at the top of she lung and keep it up while he try to wrestle she down on the seat . ext . STREET - dawn a tall , raw - bone man in he late twenty storm around the front of he van . man you stupid son of a bitch !! he kick the mustang . jenny ( scream ) help I !! man you could have kill we both !! jenny ( battle to maintain she grip on the door frame ) he 's kidnap I !!! the man bend down to look at the struggle . man Jesus Christ !! you crazy people ... jenny call the police !! man ( not sure he want to get involved ) hey buddy ... let she go ... the STAR man increase he effort and Jenny lose she grip on one of the door frame . jenny help I !!! man ( grab she other arm ) hey , she do not want to go with you . come on . the STAR man frees he right hand and blindly search the floor for the gun . he come up with it and , shove the barrel in the man 's face , bark a harsh command in he language . the man freeze and Jenny stop struggle . it 's suddenly very quiet on the street . man oh God , man ... do not shoot I ... my mistake ... I be sorry ... jenny he do not understand ... just walk away ... the STAR man clap a hand over she mouth . man I promise I be not go to tell anybody about this ... none of my business ... I be go to move now , okay ... ( take a step to one side ) you guy want to fight , that 's up to you ... ( take another step ) I be leave now ... I will not say a word ... he keep he eye on the STAR man until he reach the back of the mustang , steal a quick look at the license plate , then blot for he van . the STAR man take he hand off Jenny 's mouth and slam she back into she seat . uttering a expletive in he language he point the gun in she face and keep it there indicate the red dot on the satel compass float undisturbed above the dashboard . STAR man go. ext . STREET - dawn the mustang move back into the correct lane and continue on . int . mustang - dawn jenny could you put the gun down ? the STAR man just stare at she . she point to the gun . jenny gun ... down ... down . slowly , he lower it to he lap . jenny thank you . ext . abandoned logging camp - early morning shermin 's helicopter be take on fuel from a Army tanker truck . the pilot and co-pilot be catch forty wink on the grass next to the old bunkhouse . int . helicopter - early morning Major Bell , bleary - eye and unshaven , be huddle in front of the television screen eat a breakfast off a styrofoam plate . on the top leave screen be a satellite picture of Northern Michigan and half of Wisconsin take with a doppler radar . on the lower leave screen be a infrared view of the same area . over both this view be a schematic of the state boundary and major city . on the screen to the right of this view be blow - up of smaller section of the overview . lyman and the radar technician be asleep on the floor . seat in front of the radio console shermin be go through the telex message . next to he the radio technician be bent over the desk with he head in he forearm . shermin there 's nothing ... no report of sighting or landing or anything ... in the other part of the country or overseas ... seem like a totally isolate incident . major bell it be only a accident that we discover they . shermin I know , but ... shermin continue on through the message . Bell ask the computer to change the picture on the screen . rhythmically , a sequence of image appear and disappear . shermin you marry , Major ? major bell twenty - eight year . shermin to the same woman ? major bell ( smile ) yes . shermin I try it once ... fourteen year ago ... ' I be a lousy husband and a worse father . the only thing I be good at be this ... at least until yesterday . Bell stuff he breakfast plate into a garbage bag and go to get a breath of fresh air in the open doorway . shermin stop at a point on the telex sheet . he read the message to himself again . shermin how would you describe the sound we hear come out of that thing 's helmet ? major bell ( after try to imitate they ) it be kind of like click , maybe a language be not it ? shermin listen to this . ( paraphrase the telex ) a woman be kidnap in eau Claire this morning . when a citizen go to she rescue the kidnapper threaten he with a gun and shout at he in a strange ' click gibberish ' ... major bell it be a man though ... right ? shermin the police think he be high on drug ... Bell shrug . shermin what do you think ? ext . wisconsin forest - early morning with a rush the helicopter rise out of the tree and thunder away . ext . jenny' house - morning there be eau Claire police car on the street . shermin be out back watch Bell pick he way down the hill . through the window we see uniform policeman in the live room . major bell ( slide the last few foot down the hill ) nothing up there ... the grass be matte down in a few place , but that could have be anything . shermin it be the husband . the police finally get a hold of the witness at work and show he a picture of the woman . the man stand next to she in the picture be she husband and the witness say that be the guy who kidnap she . major bell it 's the right area , that 's for sure . throughout the above , shermin have notice a woman in the house next door peeping through she blind at the activity around Jenny 's . she close the drape suddenly when she realize shermin have spot she . shermin why the click language though ? ext . next - door house - early morning shermin knock and wait on the step with Bell for someone to answer . we hear a chain be pull off and the door be open by a freckle - face man in he late thirty , dress in a business suit and wiping the trace of a breakfast from around he mouth . shermin sorry to disturb you , sir , but there 's be some trouble next door . I would like to ask you a few question . man what happen ? shermin there 's a possibility that Mrs. haydn 's be kidnap . we be hope you might have see something . a woman in a robe open the door a little wider to include herself in the conversation . she be as freckle as the man and about the same age . woman ( to the man ) I tell you ... man Judy , that 's stupid . woman well , maybe this man will not think so . we be asleep when a helicopter wake I up . it make I so nervous I go into the kitchen for something to eat . I happen to look out the window and there be Scott haydn with this green thing drape over he arm pull Jenny down the walk to the car . man you know that 's impossible ! woman I know what I see . I have see he enough time . man ( give up on he wife and address shermin and lyman ) Scott haydn be dead . he die about three month ago . we go to the funeral . shermin and Bell exchange a glance . ext . interstate - day Jenny 's mustang be sailing through the beautiful Wisconsin farmland . STAR man ( v.o. ) r-r-s-s ... int . mustang - day the STAR man be copying the letter , upper and lower case , from the owner 's manual he find in the glove compartment , onto the back of a envelope . STAR man t-t-u ... he draw the upper case but have to check the manual for the lower case . STAR man u-V-v... the STAR man look up as they go by a farm . STAR man ( point correctly to the various animal ) cow ... Dog ... pig ... he look to Jenny for confirmation . she nod absently . he return to the alphabet . STAR man w-w ... he form both the upper and lower case ' X - x ' and show they to Jenny . STAR man what ? jenny ( know what 's come ) X ... without smile the STAR man open he mouth and emit a short chirp laugh . jenny what 's so funny about X ? the STAR man laugh harder . Jenny watch he warily . he start to hiccup . he be unable to control it through the laughter . dissolve to : int . SMALL rectangular room - day shermin 's image wait on the television screen . he be gaunt , tired and visibly shake . the picture sizzle and break up intermittently . Fox and the three man who watch the autopsy stride quickly into the room . shermin ( v.o. ) ( he voice quavering ) George , we have just confirm the existence of the live extraterrestrial . fox ( after a beat ) when can we expect containment ? shermin ( v.o. ) well , we be in pursuit of a green mustang ... fox ( very control ) it 's in a green mustang ? shermin ( v.o. ) yes . it 's kidnap a woman at gunpoint and from what we can make out be force she to drive it somewhere . military man ( to the room ) this one have a weapon . shermin ( v.o. ) no , no ... a .45 , it probably get it in the woman 's house . they be last see in downtown eau Claire ... fox why do you let it get into a populate area ? shermin ( v.o. ) it 's take on a disguise . fox clarify that . shermin ( v.o. ) it 's make itself look like the woman 's dead husband . static break up the t.v. picture . when it return , Fox lean toward the screen . fox repeat the last item . almost reluctantly shermin hold up Scott haydn 's picture . shermin ( v.o. ) the extraterrestrial now look like this . fox ( softly ) oh shit !!! ext . interstate - afternoon Jenny 's mustang move along through the traffic . int . mustang - afternoon we be close on the back of a ten-dollar bill . STAR man ( o.s. ) ( read slowly ) the United States of America . in God we trust . ten dollar . we pull back as he hold the ten up to Jenny . jenny money . STAR man money . he hold up a quarter . jenny money . confused , the STAR man put the money back into Jenny 's wallet and read the first card through its plastic window . STAR man mi-chi-gan driver li-see-en ... jennyhaydn ... money ? jenny ( shaking she head ' no , ' exhaust ) we be go to have to stop for gas soon . under the license be a picture of Jenny smile broadly . the STAR man look at Jenny , back at the picture , then imitate the smile for Jenny . STAR man what ? jenny smile . STAR man smile ... good ? jenny yes . he practice curling the corner of he mouth up into a smile . one of they freeze as the interstate curve and a glisten skyline backlit by the afternoon sun come into view across a river . STAR man ( impressed ) what ?! jenny minneapolis . STAR man ( reach into the leg pouch he take from he life - support suit ) minneapolis ... minneapolis ... jenny what be you do ? he take out he camera . jenny ... what 's that ? he point the white disc at minneapolis . with a ' pop , ' a cone of light flash out . it suck back , almost instantly , bring with it a three - dimensional image of the skyline . STAR man minneapolis ... good . jenny you be full of trick , be not you ? the car start across the twin city ' bridge . jenny ( tap the fuel gauge ) we need gas . the STAR man look at the gauge . Jenny scrunches against the door to avoid contact with he . jenny no gas . STAR man no gas . jenny this car run on gas . she press the accelerator to the floor . the car jump forward . jenny Gas ... she take she foot off the accelerator and the car quickly slow down . jenny no gas . ext . bridge - afternoon jenny ( v.o. ) Gas . the mustang spurt forward a few yard . jenny ( v.o. ) no gas . it stagger down to a crawl . jenny ( v.o. ) Gas . the car leap forward again . jenny ( v.o. ) no gas . it drop back to a crawl . int . mustang - afternoon jenny no gas ... car dead . ( she head loll forward on she chest ) we need gas . I do not want to get shot for run out of gas . STAR man Gas good ? jenny yes . very good . int . mustang - afternoon we be looking down Jenny 's arm at a gas station just off interstate 169 in the minneapolis suburb . jenny Gas ... the STAR man contemplate the station as they pass it , then turn to Jenny , puzzle : STAR man go. jenny it 's close ... close . we need one that 's open . STAR man close ? jenny you will see . there be no more gas station in sight . the STAR man become bored with the silence . he pick up Jenny 's wallet . the driver 's license be familiar so he flip to the next window . in it be a picture of a older man and woman stand in front of a church . STAR man what ? jenny ( snap ) not what . who . what be for thing . ( touch the steering wheel , dashboard , seat , gear shift ) what ? what ? what ? what ? for people you use who . who be he ? ( point to the man in the picture ) who be she ? ( point to the woman ) who be you ? ( point to the STAR man ) who be I ? she touch she chest . STAR man ( mirror she gesture ) who be he ? who be she ? who be you ? who be I ? ( pause ; it click for he and he point at Jenny ) who be you ? jenny I be Jenny haydn . STAR man ( flip back to she license and read ) jennyhaydn . Jenny nod . jenny who be you ? STAR man I be ... we hear modulated click of he percussive language . jenny that 's a big help . where be you from ? STAR man from ? jenny ( lean forward and point through the windshield at the sky ) be you from up there ? Space ? STAR man ( lean forward to look with she ) Space ? jenny up there ... I ... eh ... can not explain ... ( lean back ) but that 's the only place you could be from . the STAR man spot a station on the other side of the interstate . STAR man Gas . jenny ( shake she head ' no ' ) close . he tap the fuel gauge which have dip below empty . STAR man no gas . jenny I know . they both scan the horizon for a gas station . when one do not come up immediately , the STAR man flip to the next picture in the wallet . it be of the man he have become . he be lean against a fire truck , in uniform . STAR man who ? jenny my ... husband . STAR man I be husband ? jenny no . I do not know what you be , but you be not Scott . silence . the STAR man catch she mood . a tear roll down Jenny 's cheek . jenny ( brushes it away angrily ) shit . STAR man shit ? jenny no , no ... do not say that . bad word . STAR man ( like the sound of it ) shit ... shit ... what shit ? jenny ( scream ) stop !! enough !! Jesus ! you be worse than a parrot !! like close a zipper , she slide she finger across she mouth . jenny mouth close ... close . the STAR man do as he be tell . he do not like it , but he do it . with he lip pucker , he look straight down the road . the car rise out of a gulley . topping a knoll straight ahead be a gas station with a enormous exxon sign revolve above it . with he lip firmly press together , he tug Jenny 's sleeve and point . jenny I see it . the STAR man reach forward and squeeze the satel compass back into he palm . ext . gas station - afternoon the mustang come up the off-ramp toward the pump . int . mustang - afternoon the STAR man be hand close around the butt of the .45 when he see the attendant step out of the office . STAR man who ? jenny attendant . he will give we gas . put the gun down . under the seat . under the seat ... STAR man no. jenny oh God ! you be go to get we both kill . okay ... in you pocket ... she shove she hand into the pocket of she slack show he what to do . jenny in you pocket ... pocket ... Jenny ease in next to the pump and stop . the attendant be already come around the front of the car . jenny in you pocket , please ... STAR man ( draw he finger over he lip ) you. mouth close . jenny okay . the STAR man stuff the gun into the leave pocket of he baggy cord just as the attendant arrive at the driver 's door . attendant Morning , folk . fill she up ? the STAR man look at Jenny for help . she sweep she finger across she mouth to indicate she lip be seal . the STAR man peek around she at the attendant . STAR man ( overly loud ) ... Gas ... attendant you get it . he leave the window . the STAR man watch he until the nozzle be in the mustang , then pleased with himself , turn to Jenny and lift he face into a ' smile . ' jenny I be go to the lady ' room . you stay here . ext . gas station - afternoon Jenny get out of the car . when she straighten up , she find the STAR man stare at she over the roof . she slam the door and stride rapidly in the direction of the lady ' room . stuff the green pouch in he pocket , the STAR man trot after she . jenny ( wheel on he as he catch up ) go back to the car . the STAR man look at she but do not move . Jenny snarl in frustration , then with the STAR man on she heel , stalk to the lady ' room and throw open the door . int . lady ' room - afternoon the STAR man follow Jenny inside . jenny see . it 's a bathroom . I be not try to escape . I just have to go to the bathroom . he check out the stall . jenny satisfied ? now get out . out . STAR man no. furious , Jenny step around he and open the door . she point to the sign on it . jenny woman ... I . she continue out . the STAR man go after she . ext . restroom - afternoon Jenny point to the sign on the next door . jenny Men . you go in here . she crack the door for he . jenny come on . he take the door from she and push it open for a look inside . Jenny duck into the lady ' room . he be confuse for a moment then take a long look at the man 's room . it mean nothing to he . he back out and try the lady ' room . it be lock . not know what to do , the STAR man stand uncomfortably in front of the door , then like a child wait for he mother , he sit on the curb . he watch the attendant lift the mustang 's hood and reach in for the dipstick . the number on the pump turn over , add up the gallon and the cost of the gas . everything be peaceful and quiet within the circle of light cast by the gas station . the STAR man pull the camera disc out of he pocket and point it at the pump . the cone of light flash out and pull back its three - dimensional image . the attendant turn around and wave genially at the STAR man , who wave back a perfect imitation of the gesture . the sharp rumble of a souped - up honda motorcycle come up the off-ramp shatter the mood and the STAR man get to he foot . he be startle by the image of the rider . in a one piece drive skin and helmet he look amazingly like a space traveller . the STAR man step cautiously forward for a better look and mutter something to himself in he language . the rider stop he bike at the second row of pump and swing himself stiffly out of the seat . rider do I need a key for the head ? attendant it 's open . without take off he helmet , the Rider set out for the men' room . rider ( over he shoulder ) fill it up . attendant you get it . the rider 's approach frighten the STAR man . he back up to the lady ' room door and knock . there be no answer . he try the knob . with the other hand he inch the gun slightly out of he pocket . int . lady ' room - afternoon Jenny be bent over the sink dabbing nail polish around the corner of a paper towel . her head snap around to look at the doorknob . it hold . jenny just a minute . ext . restroom - afternoon the STAR man tense and force a smile as the Rider pass in front of he . a voice come from behind the faceplate . rider howdy ... can not get she out . STAR man ( through the smile ) Gas . rider I know how she feel . the rider enter the men' room . as the door close behind he , the STAR man 's face fall and he knock frantically on the lady ' room door . Jenny open it under he knuckle . he block the doorway and she back up as he step inside . int . lady ' room - afternoon the STAR man look around . Jenny 's eye widen at what be happen behind he . the pneumatic arm above the door be pull it shut to reveal she paper towel paste to the back . the message on it , write in red lipstick , read : kidnapped go W on 169 jade mus . lic#pxv237 . jenny ( step around he ) it 's still a toilet . have not become a ballroom . she try to swing the door open and hide she message against the wall , but she be too slow . the STAR man see it and step forward to read . STAR man kid-nap-pe ... go - ing W o-n ... Jenny realize he do not know what it mean . jenny ( on she way out ) that 's very good . other graffiti on the door help convince the STAR man Jenny 's message have nothing to do with he and after a last look at it , he follow she . ext . gas station - afternoon a can of Coke clatter down the chute of a drink dispenser . Jenny pick it up and , with the STAR man hover at she shoulder , move on to the candy machine . he watch a quarter disappear into the slot and when Jenny pick another one out of she purse , he point to it . STAR man money . jenny yes . she insert the quarter and make she selection . a reese 's peanut butter Cup drop from its position into the pickup bin . STAR man what ? jenny candy . use the change from this and another quarter , she select a almond Joy . STAR man ( as it tumble into the bin ) money ... candy . attendant ( to the STAR man ) that will be fifteen fifty , sir . jenny here . she hand he a twenty . attendant thank you . he go to make change . STAR man ( to himself ) thank you . Jenny pop the top on the Coke can and on the way to the car take a sip . STAR man what be ... ( read off the can ) ... Coke ? jenny a drink . STAR man ( hold he hand out for it ) I ... jenny you want to try it ? STAR man I want to try it . jenny this stuff could kill ... ( change she mind and smile ) be my guest . the STAR man fill he mouth , swirl it around and swallow . STAR man ( after a loud burp ) good . he hand the can back to Jenny . she look at it and know there be alien bacteria there she body would not like to meet . jenny eh ... you keep it . I have have enough . the STAR man take another drink . he stop dead when he lower the can . Jenny continue for a few step before she realize he be not with she . she look back over she shoulder . her eye go immediately to where he be look . the license plate pxv 237 hang like a accusation on the front bumper of the mustang . Jenny decide to brazen it out . jenny what 's the matter ? STAR man ( throw the can to the ground ) shit ! int . mustang - afternoon Jenny and the STAR man ride along in tight - lipped silence . STAR man what be kidnap ? Jenny ignore he . STAR man ( yell ) kidnap !!! she flinch but remain silent . the STAR man snatch the paper towel off he lap and flap it in she face , jabbing at the word violently with a forefinger . STAR man kidnap !!! what be kidnap ?!! Jenny can not take it anymore and scream back at he through tear . jenny kidnap be what you be do to I now !!! kidnap be point a gun at I and take I from my house ! kidnap be change yourself into my husband . I do not know what you be and I do not care . I just want to get away from you ! Jenny 's outburst rock the STAR man back into silence . he wait for she to calm down , then slowly take the gun out of he pocket . STAR man jennyhaydn . she do not dare look at he . STAR man I be good . ( and he slide the .45 under he seat ) ext . interstate - night Jenny speed up to pass a truckload of horse . STAR man what be that ? she do not answer . the car pass the truck . the highway before they be empty . jenny ( finally ) horse . STAR man ( without look at she ) horse . Jenny turn on the radio and find a country and western station . STAR man what ? jenny Music . it be pleasing to he and he listen for a while , then reach in he pouch and take out one of the dusty gray marble . he roll it between he palm . it change to a glow gold as it grow to the size of a baseball . jenny ( alarmed ) what be you do ?! the STAR man bring the globe close to he mouth and speak into it . STAR man ( subtitles ) Iron channel message . transmute be successful . have capture one of they . it be take I to the pick - up point in a land vehicle . ( eyeing Jenny ) I think I can control it by master its language , which be primitive and easy to learn . will arrive on time . wait for I . the STAR man open he hand and , to Jenny 's astonishment , the ball rise quickly and seep through she roof without leave a trace . ext . interstate - night the mustang swerve violently , then straighten itself as the ball come through the roof and surge into the sky . ext . sky - night unexpectedly , shermin 's helicopter storm into view . it be so close we can count the rivet . as it clear , we go to : int . helicopter - night the flow of traffic on the interstate below be be feed into the six television screen from infrared camera on the belly of the craft . the image on the screen under the master begin to move and end in a close - up of a green mustang . it 's not Jenny 's . with a buzz the red dot appear and Fox 's face interrupt the view of the mustang . fox ( v.o. ) I just come from a meeting with the Security Council and ( the picture break up , but the voice continue ) in view of the extraterrestrial 's radical change and the fact that all we effort ( the picture be - assemble ) to contact its ship remain unanswer , it be decide to issue a ten state ' all point bulletin ' for Scott haydn , Jenny haydn and the green mustang . the officer have be instruct not to approach the people or the vehicle but to contact you . you will then move in and contain the subject . shermin rub he hand over he face while he digest this . shermin ( sorting it out ) you sure you want this , because ... that 's put a awful lot of faith in people we have no control over ... fox ( v.o. ) I be afraid the situation demand that kind of risk . shermin I do not like it , George ... fox ( v.o. ) dammit shermin . earlier you be ask for help . what 's change ? shermin it 's messy ... the thing 's get a gun ... we be just ask for somebody to get kill ... fox ( v.o. ) we do not know what else to do . we need result . shermin ( accept ) you will get result one way or the other , that 's for sure ... okay . fox ( v.o. ) I be gonna be here if you need anything . his image be replace by one of the highway . major bell they be gonna let some local cop blow he away . lyman save we all a lot of trouble . major bell Jesus lyman , you be a ignorant fool . lyman bullshit ! major bell you have no conception of this , do you ? lyman you jerk ! you look at all the sweetness and light and goodness you think will come out of this . you know what 's gonna come out of this ... the end of religion , the end of civilization , the end of the earth . we could become slave , we could become a colony of this thing . do not you see that ? be you too stupid to see that ? shermin be you lady through ?... Bell and lyman look at they foot . shermin good ... it look like we might be the welcoming committee , so I think we should try and figure out what we be gonna do if we have to come face to face with this creature . lyman Bell want we to get down on we knee and bow . shermin ( to Bell ) do you people have any contingency rehearse ? major bell no ... I guess we never think it would happen . it 's shermin 's turn to look at he foot . shermin terrific . on one of the screen behind he the camera have pick up a light billboard advertising ' kellogg 's corn flake ' with its slogan ' have a great day . ' ext . highway - early morning Jenny 's mustang be barrel along well over the speed limit . as it pass US , we pan with it to a sign : slow for intersection . ext . intersection - early morning a truckload of corn be hurtle down on US from the north . a empty semi be rumbling up from the south . the light be in they favor . int . mustang - early morning the STAR man be drive . it be obvious that he do not see the red light face he . but Jenny do . and she also see the truck close in from either side . jenny ( loud ) Red light ! the STAR man do not see it , do not believe she , do not slow down . jenny ( scream ) stop !!! ext . intersection - early morning it be as if all three vehicle have hear Jenny . they slam on they brake at the same time and begin to skid toward each other . it 's go to be close . int . mustang - early morning the prow of the truck loom over Jenny and the STAR man and , for a fleeting instant , it look like they will join the bug imbed in the radiator . ext . intersection - early morning the mustang barely squeak through and the truck slam into each other behind it , spilling corn all over the highway . int . mustang - early morning it finally come to a stop on the center line . jenny that be a red light !! I tell you you have to stop at a red light !! STAR man ( sheepish ) it be yellow . jenny you do not even see it . the STAR man look back for the traffic light . it be hang from a pole in the middle of the road . under it the truck driver be climb out of the cab . STAR man I will see it next time . jenny you better . the STAR man angle back into he lane and begin to pick up speed . ext . sioux fall - south dakota - day deftly , the STAR man move in and out of the afternoon traffic . a bus come in the other direction hit a pothole fill with water and the splash cover the mustang . int . mustang - day Jenny watch the STAR man calmly turn on the wiper and the washer and clean the windshield . the light above the intersection ahead turn red and , even though he be still fiddling with the wiper , the STAR man manage a smooth stop back of the crosswalk . jenny ( indicate the red dot on the satel compass ) why be you go here ? what be here ? STAR man my ... ( search for word ) ... car will take I ... ( poke finger toward sky ) ...up there ... home . the light change and the STAR man continue down the street . jenny ( at the red dot again ) when do you have to be here ? STAR man I do not understand . jenny ( rub she temple and lament to herself ) how will I do this one ?... the answer be hover above the city in front of they . jenny ( point to the sun ) Sun ... STAR man yes . jenny Sun ... day . no sun ... night . you understand ? STAR man yes. Day ... night . jenny how many day and night do you have to go ... ( prod the red dot ) ...here ? STAR man Three night ... two day . jenny that 's not much time . I will just slow you down . I have to sleep . I be very tired . and I have to wash and eat . you do not ... STAR man I need you . jenny I will not tell anybody if that 's what you be worried about . I promise . you will keep ... STAR man no. jenny you will keep the car . I will take a bus ... ( a awful possibility occur to she ) be I go up there with you ... in you ship ... up there ? STAR man no. jenny then let I go . you do not need I . STAR man no. jenny I feel like I be go crazy here . you be Scott . but he 's dead . I do not know what 's real anymore . I can not be here with you . the STAR man be unyield . jenny do you understand what I be say to you ? you can keep the car . ( she hand he some money ) that should be enough for gas from here to there . please let I go . STAR man ( tap the red dot on the satel compass ) when we get here . Jenny slam herself angrily back in the seat . jenny you bastard . her upper lip tremble and , in spite of herself , she might cry . the STAR man see the center lane be open . he check he side mirror and drift over , only to be catch by a light . the car be still roll when Jenny make she move . she throw open the door and , by the time the STAR man turn around , she be out and run . STAR man jennyhaydn ! he take he foot off the brake to go after she and the car lurch into the cross traffic . he clamber back behind the wheel , regains control and cut a hard right in front of the other car wait at the light . ext . STREET - sioux fall - day over she shoulder , Jenny can see the mustang come . she dodge up a brick walkway toward a j.c . penney shopping mall . the mustang skid to a stop at the curb . the STAR man jump out in time to see Jenny push she way past a stream of pedestrian traffic and enter the mall . he leave the car and zigzag through the people in that direction . int . shopping mall - day as he barge in , the STAR man accidentally knock a cup of Coke out of a young man 's hand . young man hey !! in a panic to find Jenny , he continue jostling past people to look in the shop that border the atrium . mezzanine Jenny warily approach the railing and peer over . below she the STAR man come out of a record store . she turn away and get on the escalator to the second floor . on the ground floor the STAR man think he see Jenny in a electronics store , but when the girl turn around , it be obviously not she . back out of there , he knock over a sandwich board advertising a restaurant . the loud thwack it make when it hit the cement turn face in he direction . Jenny 's be not among they . his eye raise to the mezzanine . maybe she 's there . he look wildly around for a way up . he spot the escalator and , try to keep the upper floor in view while he run for it , he slam into a unattend pram . it begin to tip over . the baby inside scream . the STAR man manage to snatch it out of the carriage before it hit the floor . he be look for a place to put it when the mother come charge out of a plant store . mother my baby !!! he 's steal my baby ! burt !! the STAR man hold the baby out to she . she grab it out of he hand and he turn to leave . mother burt !! somebody stop he !! he be steal my baby !! two tough -look men in t-shirt step in to block the STAR man 's way to the escalator . man where you think you be go ? not understanding , the STAR man try to get by they . they push he back . STAR man please . a tall , skinny blond man with spectacle elbow he way to the mother . mother he be try to steal gloria . two step and burt be on the STAR man . he spin he around . burt be that right ? huh ? he throw he back against the crowd that have gather . STAR man ( stutter ) please . burt pull the STAR man up by he shirt front and shake he . burt be that right ? come on . answer I . fear erase the STAR man 's tenuous grasp of English and he begin to jabber in he own language . this make burt even madder . burt be you try to steal my baby ? huh ? answer I ! STAR man jennyhaydn ! second floor Jenny have just get on the escalator to the third floor when she hear she name . she know she should not but she get off and join the crowd at the railing . from there , she can see the STAR man trap in a circle of people . he club burt away from he and try to thrash he way out of the mob . STAR man jennyhaydn ! one of the t-shirt throw he back and burt begin to punch he . we move in until we be close on Jenny 's face . ground floor some of the onlooker have join burt in he attempt to bring the STAR man down . growl in he own language , the STAR man fight back as best he can . the sleeve of he windbreaker be tear . one of the t-shirt land a blow on he right shoulder that turn the STAR man around . he take a blow on the chest . another in the kidney . burt get a grip on the STAR man 's leave wrist and hold on . the attacker close in . Jenny 's voice cut through the din . jenny ( o.s. ) stop it !!! stop it !!! she barge into the fray and start peel the man away from the STAR man . jenny get away from he !! leave he alone !! you stupid jerk !! he 's retarded !! can not you see that ?!! get away from he !! the man do . Jenny push the sleeve of the tear wind - breaker back up on the STAR man 's shoulder . mother he be steal my baby ... jenny you be wrong !! he would never do anything like that !! ( take STAR man 's hand ) let 's go ... mother he have gloria in he hand ! jenny he 's retarded ! I should not have leave he alone ! she start to push out of the circle . burt step in to block she . jenny ( hiss ) get out of my way . she stare at he until he do , then lead the STAR man down the path that open for they in the crowd . they pass a mall guard who have just arrive . ext . STREET - sioux fall - day jenny be you okay ? still shake , the STAR man nod . Jenny realize that it be comforting to he to have he hand in hers and she lead he like a child down the sidewalk to the mustang . STAR man ( as Jenny put he in the passenger seat ) thank you . the mall Guard follow they down the walk - way and watch they drive off . he scribbles the license number in he notebook . int . greyhound bus station - sioux fall - day at the counter Jenny put she Visa card back into she wallet while the clerk staple the page of a ticket into a travel folder . clerk ( hand it to she ) Gate three . it 's board now . jenny thank you . clerk have a nice trip . we follow Jenny through the people milling around the bench in the wait area to the STAR man seat in a open-face coffee shop . he be watch a mother feed she baby in the booth across from he . a map of the United States be spread out on the formica . Jenny plunk herself down catty - cornere from he . the tear in he sleeve have be close with safety pin . jenny the close I be able to get you be lathrop Wells ... STAR man ( point to baby ) be that a baby ? jenny yes . STAR man a baby be a new person ? jenny eh ... yes ... STAR man do you have a baby ? jenny no ... the close ... STAR man why ? jenny I would love to have a baby . but I can not ... STAR man why ? jenny I can not ... forget the baby . okay ? the close I be able to get you be lathrop Wells . you will have to hitchhike the rest of the way . the STAR man look at the map . lathrop Wells be a small town north of Las Vegas on highway 95 . from there he run he finger to a spot in the funeral Range of death Valley . STAR man but I must go here . jenny I know that . but the bus do not go there . STAR man ( suspicious ) what be hitchhike ? jenny that 's easy . I will explain that in a minute . this be you ticket . when you get on the bus here , the driver will take this part . you will ride to omaha . when you get to omaha , ask the driver . ' Salt Lake City , please . I do not speak English . ' the STAR man nod that he understand . jenny say it . STAR man ' Salt Lake City , please . I do not speak English . ' jenny the driver will ... STAR man but I speak English . jenny will you please do it my way ? you will get into trouble if you do not . if anybody talk to you , tell they ... I do not speak English . STAR man ( indignant ) I do not speak English . jenny right . in omaha the driver will put you on the bus for Salt Lake City and the new driver will take ... ( bend back second portion of ticket ) ... this part . when you get to Salt Lake City , ask the driver , ' Las Vegas , please ' ... STAR man ( impatient ) ' Las Vegas , please . I do not speak English . ' what be hitchhike ? jenny you want this ticket ? STAR man yes . jenny then do not be smart . p.a. system ( v.o. ) last call for bus 33 to vermillion , sioux City and omaha ... load at Gate 3 . jenny that 's you bus . ( pick up the map and fold it ) when you get to Las Vegas , ask the driver . ' lathrop Wells , please . I do not speak English . ' STAR man ( fall into step next to she ) ' lathrop Wells , please . I do not speak English . ' jenny ( hand he the map ) you keep this . now this be hitch - hike ... ( stop in the middle of the wait area to illustrate ) you stand on the side of the road , the highway ... you understand ? and you face the car go in the direction you want to go . when you see a car or a truck come , you stick out you thumb like this ... Jenny take a few sweep at a imaginary highway with she thumb . the stare this pantomime draw make the STAR man more nervous about the bus trip than he already be . jenny you thumb tell the driver that you want a ride . STAR man the car will stop ? jenny ( continue toward the load platform ) not every car , but ... a car will stop ... maybe not the first car ... maybe number eight , number fifteen ... the STAR man stop . STAR man when do I get to lathrop Wells ? jenny tomorrow morning . start hitch-hike right away and ... Jenny push open a glass door to : ext . loading platform - day jenny ... you will have plenty of time to get to where you want to go . the STAR man hang back when he see the security guard . jenny do not worry . they be not go to hurt you . come on . ( give he ticket ) only show this to the driver . nobody else . and do not lose it . STAR man can I have the gun ? jenny no. she maneuver he into the end of the line . jenny you might need this . she take some of the paper money out of she wallet and stuff it in he pocket . jenny do not be afraid . do what I tell you and you will be okay . STAR man ( nervous ) yes . the line move forward a step . jenny well ... I be go to go now . STAR man go ? jenny yes . I have a long ride ahead of I ... ( take he hand ) Goodbye . STAR man Goodbye . he watch she walk away . STAR man jennyhaydn . jenny yes ? STAR man please stay . Jenny come back and take he hand . jenny I will stay till you get on the bus . a family of four climb aboard and the line move up . the STAR man be alert to everything happen on the platform . Jenny sneak he a affectionate look . no one in front of he have baggage to check and they move quickly past the driver until the STAR man be next in line . driver ticket ? the STAR man hand the Driver he ticket . the Driver rip out the first coupon and hand it back . jenny see ? you be go to be okay . when they stop at the door , she impulsively kiss he on the cheek . jenny Goodbye . STAR man ( touch he cheek ) what ? jenny it 's a kiss ... ( she motion for he to get on the bus ) Goodbye ... driver let 's go . the STAR man climb the step just ahead of he . the door close . its engine revving , the bus back out of its stall . Jenny catch a glimpse of the STAR man bent over in the aisle look out at she . she wave until the bus round the building . ext . greyhound parking lot - day Jenny 's green mustang loop around the end of a row of car and head for the street . int . mustang - day looking over Jenny 's shoulder , we see the Star man wait for she at the curb . jenny ( softly ) oh no ... she stop next to he and roll down she window . jenny what happen ? STAR man I be afraid . Jenny moan and lay she head on the vinyl of the window sill . when she raise up , he smile at she . jenny okay , you win . get in . int . shopping mall - day shermin be stand next to the security guard in the middle of a knot of shouting people . shopkeeper this kind of thing 's real bad for business ... tough he could not even speak English . mother that kind of people should be shot . onlooker what happen ? waitress I think he be just lose ... burt who 's side be you on ? tough no way he be go to get away from I . we move in on a lapel mike pin to the front of shermin 's shirt . int . helicopter - day the hubbub in the shopping center be be record on a tape deck . lyman , a phone to he ear , be seat in front of the television screen . lyman where 's that ?... and it be one person , one way ... he hang up and head for the rear door . Jenny haydn 's current Visa statement occupy the upper leave screen . the last two item be circle : the charge for the Greyhound ticket and the credit for the return of that ticket . ext . shopping mall - day the security guard tag shermin into the parking lot . security guard eyewitness be the worst . you get two of they together . you get three storey . you know what I mean ? shermin see lyman come out of the crowd surround the police car in front of the helicopter . security guard be there a reward in this ? shermin huh ?... eh ... no , there be not security guard because I be the one who call the police , you know . shermin yeah , thanks . we appreciate that . security guard hey , it 's none of my business why you be chase a retard ... you want my opinion , it 's the girl . she have to hold the guy 's hand all the way to the car like he be a kid . shermin you see that ? security guard hey ... he do not look like no big time criminal to I . lyman meet they . it be obvious he have something to tell shermin . security guard eh ... the store tell you to call when there 's trouble , so they will not get sue ... but that should not matter if there 's a reward , right ? shermin I would not think so . security guard ( peel off ) that 's what I think . so remember it be I because sometimes reward come late , you know . shermin we will . ( he turn to lyman ) something 's wrong here . she 's help he now . lyman ( alarmed ) I know . she buy he a ticket for lathrop Wells and put he on the bus . he do not stay on though and they drive off together . shermin ( shaking he head ) do not make sense . lyman maybe he 's turn she into one of they . they enter the crowd around the helicopter . ext . interstate 29 - day the mustang cruise along between field of corn . jenny ( v.o. ) why do you ship land on this planet ... on Earth ? STAR man ( v.o. ) it be a mistake . int . / ext . mustang - day the follow conversation will be play over various view of americana : a station wagon load of kid , wave and laugh , lover kissing at a bus stop , billboard , car lot , a dog take a leak against a tree , cheerleader practice on a football field , a funeral cortege , a telephone repairman up on a pole . jenny you think we be a different planet ?! STAR man no . my ship be do a map of all the sun and ... jenny star ... when a sun be far away , we call it a ' star . ' STAR man we be do a map of the star and all the other thing up there when we see a small ship . my ... eh ... we kidnap it . on it there be a map that say how to come to Earth . this be very important . before then , we think we be the only people in all the star . jenny you do ? that 's funny . so do we . STAR man yes ? jenny yes . STAR man we tell we home , and the people who tell we what to do on my planet say to come and look but not to talk , not to land , not to shoot . just to look from up there . we come and ... the driver of my ship ... jenny the captain ... STAR man the captain want to land to see close and to get some thing from Earth to take home . the police come and shot at we . one of the people from my ship be kill . jenny oh , that 's terrible . I be sorry . be he a good friend ? STAR man I do not understand ' friend . ' jenny a friend be a person that be good to you ... someone you like to be with ... someone you like to laugh with ... STAR man he be a good friend ... the captain take the ship away fast and I be not in the ship . jenny the police should not have start shoot . but you can hardly blame they . you surprised they . they do not know you be up there . when they see you , they think you be here to hurt we . STAR man I understand . jenny sound like you captain 's go to get hell when he get back home . STAR man what be hell ? jenny it 's bad . STAR man he will . pause . Jenny feel the STAR man stare at she . she turn to look at he . his gaze do not waver . she look back at the road , then back at the STAR man . jenny what be you do ? STAR man be you my friend ? jenny yes . STAR man ( smile ) I be you friend . ext . interstate 80 - night Jenny 's mustang be whipping west out of lincoln , nebraska . we hear a jumble of radio station as the selector be run through the frequencies . int . mustang - night Jenny be drive . the STAR man find a RELIGIOUS station on the radio . preacher ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) God be you creator . God be you master . God be you savior . God be the only reason that you exist . if God ... STAR man ( during the above ) who be God ? Jenny be tired . she do not want to get into that . jenny nobody know . STAR man why ? jenny I do not know . the STAR man let it drop and find a country and western station . STAR man I like this music . jenny I have notice ... do you understand what they be say ? STAR man not all ... but it feel like a kiss . Jenny smile at he , then : jenny do you have music up there ? STAR man yes . jenny I would like to hear it . can you sing something ? STAR man I do not want to . jenny do not be afraid ... I would really like to hear it . she turn off the radio . jenny please . he turn away from she , clear he throat and begin . his sing be like nothing we have ever hear . vibration of tone and glottal stop blend into a haunt , seductive fugue . the STAR man stop . STAR man I be not a good singer . jenny that be beautiful . STAR man ( incredulous ) you like my sing ? jenny yes . sing some more . ext . interstate 80 - night with the STAR man 's serenade wafting over the nebraska plain , we fall back to find a highway patrol car tagging along at a safe distance behind the mustang . ext . best western motel - night the STAR man stop the mustang in front of the office . he and Jenny get out and go inside . as the door close on they , three nebraska highway patrol car speed up the off-ramp . the lead car turn right on a surface street and enter the motel parking lot at the far end . the middle car go straight across the intersection and position itself at the curb next to the driveway , give access to a frontage road which lead to a on-ramp . the last car also turn right on the surface street , but park in a restaurant parking lot directly across from the office . int . office - best western motel - night in answer to Jenny 's bell , the night clerk come out of the live quarter in the back , finger comb he sleep -rumple hair . clerk what can I do for you folk ? jenny how much be you room ? clerk thirty - seven fifty for one person , forty - nine fifty for two . drawn by the bright color on they cover , the STAR man wander over to the magazine rack . by chance , he select a copy of ' playgirl ' and begin to look through it . jenny you have one with two bed ? clerk sure . jenny I will take that . clerk ( slide she a registration card ) fill this out . ( as Jenny write ) will this be cash or credit card ? jenny credit card . clerk I will have to run you card off now . jenny ( digging through she purse ) we be only go to be here a few hour ... clerk it 's still the full price . STAR man Jenny , look ... from behind the STAR man , we watch Jenny react to the open playgirl centerfold that he be hold up . jenny put that back . STAR man but I have never see this before . I be not complete . although we can not see it , we know what he be point at . jenny put it back . the STAR man swivel the picture around so that he can see it . Jenny hand the smirk clerk she credit card . he step to the side and insert it into the imprinter . out of the corner of he eye , he see a dot of light leave the STAR man 's forehead to drop behind the magazine and into he trousers . the clerk glance over at Jenny to see if she hear the hissing that be go on behind the STAR man 's fly . she do and she hope it will stop soon . his eye on the STAR man , the clerk fumble the key to 117 off the rack . clerk you can park you car in front of the room . he drop the key on the counter . int . middle patrol car - night through he side window , the driver can see the motel office . driver ( into microphone of he radio ) what do this two do ? int . last patrol car - night second driver all anybody know be that they be armed and dangerous . in the office , he can see Jenny and the STAR man leave the counter and head for the door . he raise a pair of binocular to he eye for a good head - on look at they . through the binoculars we see Jenny and the STAR man come out of the motel office . back to scene the second Officer lower the glass and look down at the telex picture of Jenny and the STAR man tape to the dashboard . second officer be a piece of cake for we to take them . int . lead patrol car - night through the windshield , we can see Jenny and the STAR man approach the mustang . third driver National Security folk should be here any minute . let they take care of it . that 's what they get the big buck for . ext . best western motel - night STAR man I want a drink . May I have two quarter ? at the passenger door , Jenny set she purse on the car roof to take out she wallet . jenny ( hand it to he ) you should not drink so much of that stuff . it 's bad for you . STAR man on the radio they say it 's good . jenny hurry up . over she purse she notice the patrol car face she from the restaurant parking lot . there be certainly nothing unusual about a patrol car in a restaurant parking lot . she shrug it off and get in the mustang . int . mustang - night Jenny 's behind have not even hit the seat before she see the patrol car park on the frontage road off to she leave . she look at the STAR man . he 's busy pound on the drink machine . she turn around to check the lot behind she and spot the patrol car there . STAR man ( come to the car with a drink can in each hand ) the machine give I two . should I put one back ? jenny no. get in . STAR man ( round the hood ) you can have one . jenny ( as he get in ) I be not sleepy anymore . let 's drive for a little while longer . the STAR man stiffen when he see the patrol car on the frontage road . STAR man be you angry at I ? jenny no. I be just not tired . let 's go . ext . best western motel - night the mustang move toward the frontage road . int . last patrol car - night second driver ( as the mustang roll onto the frontage road ) they make we . let 's get them . ext . best western motel - night all three patrol car jam on they rack light and , with they siren howling , peel out after Jenny and the STAR man . int . mustang - night at the SOUND , the STAR man snap he attention to the rear view mirror . it 's ablaze with police light . he tromp on the gas . jenny no. int . helicopter - night shermin be patch into the nebraska highway patrol and be listen to the pursuit . ext . interstate 80 - night the mustang careen down the on-ramp and squeeze into the traffic a hair 's breath ahead of a 18 - wheeler . this cut off the patrol car momentarily , but the mustang do not have the speed to stay ahead of they . use the other car on the road as shield , the STAR man dodge from lane to lane try to keep the police from come alongside . int . mustang - night the lead patrol car feint forward on the STAR man 's side . the STAR man sway over to cut it off and the middle patrol car slip in next to Jenny . the STAR man grab the gun from under the seat . jenny no !!! no !!! int . middle patrol car - night driver he 's get a gun !! int . mustang - night Jenny scream . a shotgun blast from the middle patrol car rip through the door and into Jenny . part of the front window be blown out . bleed badly , she slump against the STAR man . STAR man jennyhaydn ! jennyhaydn !! her eyelid flutter open and she try to speak , but can not . the middle patrol car be lining up for another shot . the STAR man slam the mustang into it , send it spin onto the shoulder and into a ditch . the last patrol car speed up to replace it . the lead patrol car slip in next to the STAR man . they have get he in a sandwich . the STAR man stand on he brake . ext . interstate 80 - night caught by surprise , the patrol car rocket ahead of he . the mustang cut across the swatch of land that act as a center divider in the highway and race west in the eastbound lane . int . mustang - night the STAR man squint against the headlight of the on-come traffic as he calmly wedge he way straight through it . ext . interstate 80 - night the lead patrol car try to follow he but be clipped by a cadillac swerving to avoid the STAR man and bounce back into the center divider . the last patrol car parallel the mustang in the westbound lane . int . mustang - night the STAR man realize he 's still box in . a car carrier swerve by on he leave . the lane behind be open . the STAR man take advantage of the opportunity . ext . interstate 80 - night the mustang vault off the shoulder of the highway into a open field and bullet away through the weed . the rush of oncoming traffic trap the three patrol car in the center divider . int . mustang - night Jenny moan as the car jostle over the rough ground . the STAR man put out a hand to cushion she ride . his headlight pick up a gravel road split the field and he turn onto it . in a quick look back , he see the patrol car shoot across the highway after he . ext . gravel road - night we follow the mustang as it wind upward through the graze land sparsely dot with clump of tree . the plume of dust kick up by the flee car be turn silver by a full moon . the wail of the patrol car be distant but close . ext . pasture - night the mustang barrel around a curve and slide to a surprise stop before a gate in a barb wire fence that end the road . with the .45 in he hand , the STAR man jump out of the car and try the gate . it be lock . when he turn back to the car , he see something that frighten he more than the approach patrol car . a helicopter have join the chase . he look for a place to hide . a stand of cottonwood and elm fifty yard on the other side of the gate offer the only protection . the STAR man open the passenger door . Jenny be soak in she own blood . he hook the strap of she purse over he shoulder , lift she tenderly and , cradling she in he arm , wiggle between a fence post and the gate and jog into the tree . ext . pasture - night the helicopter set down behind the mustang . shermin lead Bell , lyman and the technician to the car . lyman ( see the blood on the passenger seat ) one of they must be pretty badly hurt . shermin push the seat forward . the STAR man 's life - support suit be stuff in the space behind it . the patrol car skid around the curve . shermin ( to Bell , indicate the suit ) get this back to the copter . shermin take a bullhorn from lyman and go around to the front of the mustang . the highway patrolmen get out of they car behind he . shermin ( bullhorn to wood ) Mrs. haydn , please come out . we do not want to hurt you or you friend . please put down you weapon and come out . ext . tree - night Jenny 's limp weight be beginning to slow the STAR man . he hear the bullhorn but do not stop . ext . pasture - night shermin lower the bullhorn and speak to the patrolmen . shermin okay , fan out . this people have a gun but we want they alive . understand ? ext . tree - night a deep shadow on the other side of a elm offer a likely hide place . he move through the underbrush toward it . without warning , he foot begin to slip out from under he . he struggle to regain he balance . when he do he look down to find himself stare at a raging river 150 foot below . the bank on the other side be just a few foot above the water and in the moonlight he can see a flat plain cut by a highway that stretch into the distance . slowly , he back away from the edge of the cliff . from under the elm he watch the helicopter sweep out over the ravine . its searchlight dart toward he bleach the treeline . the overhange branch cloak he and Jenny and the light pass without pick they up . the STAR man adjust he grip on Jenny and start off in the opposite direction from the helicopter to look for a way down the cliff . ext . tree - night shermin , he people and the patrolmen be comb the wood with flashlight in a picketline search . the third Driver stop at the mouth of a clear that run between the cottonwood and elm to the cliff . he take a bite off a block of chew tobacco . as he replace it in he pocket , he see a shadow flit across the far end of the clear . he swing he flashlight in that direction . the beam catch a piece of Jenny and the STAR man . third driver over here ! they be over here ! ext . tree - night stand on the rim of the gorge , the STAR man see the ray of he pursuer ' flashlight choke off any possible escape . he ease Jenny to the ground behind a boulder . she whimper with the pain . STAR man ( stroke she cheek ) you will be all right . he stretch over the top of the boulder and scatter four shot at the light . ext . tree - night the patrolmen , the technician and shermin all hit the ground and kill they light . shermin Mrs. haydn , we do not want to hurt you . put down you gun and come out . we just want to talk to you friend . the STAR man and jenny the STAR man peer around the boulder . at that instant the searchlight from the helicopter happen to splash across the man in the field . he see that they gun be draw and point in he direction . the STAR man pull back and take a marble from he pouch . it grow and glow gold as the STAR man roll it between he palm . when it reach the size of a baseball , he clutches it firmly in he right hand and empties the .45 toward shermin and the police . this time , there be a barrage of answering FIRE . with the bullet ricocheting around he , the STAR man lift Jenny to he shoulder . he massage the golden orb until it become the size of a soccer ball , then take two quick step to the edge of the cliff and leap into the abyss . ext . abyss - night the upward thrust of the ball support they fall and under its glow they begin a slow descent to the other side of the river . above they , the helicopter dip back and lock its searchlight on the shelf of boulder they just leave . ext . plain - night the STAR man set down with the smoothness of a man step off a escalator . he look over he shoulder . the helicopter be still concentrate its spotlight on the ridge . he speak to the ball in he language . STAR man ( subtitles ) Iron channel message . almost catch by pursuer . this may hinder escape . wait for I . he let the ball go and , with even more velocity than the other , it zip into the sky . dissolve to : ext . truck stop - night a woman in a Frederick 's of Hollywood negligee let a truck driver out of one of the winnebagos park to the side of the main building . woman do not forget to tell the boy where you have a good time . driver ( call back to she ) you be not that good . her rusty laugh follow he into the parking lot . he walk between the truck to a semi which have half of a pre-fab mobile home tie onto its flat -bed . the polyethylene that cover the open side of the house flap in the wind at the lower corner next to the cab . the Driver open he door . he take out a staple gun and refasten the dark green plastic to the house frame . int . half house - night in the middle of the empty bedroom , the STAR man try to cushion Jenny against the sudden jolt make by the semi as it lumber out of the parking lot . ext . highway 76 - night with the Driver take it smoothly through the gear , the semi pick up speed . int . half house - night the STAR man move Jenny into a rectangle of moonlight shape on the floor by a high , wide window and strip off she blouse . the cold light marble Jenny 's skin and make the blood from she wound appear black . with she blouse , the STAR man wipe away the blood on the right side of she head and neck . he find a deep glass cut on she cheek and two entry point in she neck . he concentrate on she cheek and we can see the glow of he brain through he human skin . a bit of the white light come out of he forehead . it tumble across to Jenny 's cheek and settles into the wound . the STAR man watch intently as one end of the wound flare brightly for a instant , then die . the flesh leave behind have be close without a scar . a larger piece of light drop out of he forehead into what 's leave of the gash . with that area suffuse in a heal glow , he shift he focus to the pellet hole on she neck . he send two piece of light plunging into the wound . immediately , they spread into halos which we can see radiating from under the skin . out of the night come a long blast on the AIR horn and the STAR man have to steady Jenny as the truck swerve around something in the highway . when it settles back into its ride , the STAR man wipe the blood off Jenny 's shoulder . the beam of the pass car through the plastic catch the fatigue on the STAR man 's face as he work over Jenny . ext . highway 76 - night with its pre-fab house , the semi rumble through julesburg , sterling and Ft. Morgan . by the time it get to Denver , dawn be beginning to color the tip of the Rocky Mountains . int . half house - dawnbreak it 's still dark in here . with a chunk of light in he leave hand , the STAR man dab at the last of Jenny 's wound , leave behind a phosphorescent bandage . more of this patch glimmer up and down she right side . he check she over to see if he 's miss a wound . he have not . he cover she with he windbreaker and , exhaust by he effort , sit back against the wall . he wait to see that Jenny be sleep comfortably , then press the palm of he hand together . the satel compass appear between they . the green dot tell he he be still on course . ext . interstate - sunrise Colorado highway patrolmen be drop orange fluorescent cone across two of the three westbound lane to form a roadblock . the sound of a harmonica draw we to shermin 's helicopter park in a meadow beside the road . ext . helicopter - sunrise as the radio technician play the harmonica , lyman clang down the step and bend to wake shermin who be sack out under the fuselage . shermin tell he I be not here . lyman I do . shermin sigh and roll over on he back . he look terrible . shermin get I a radio . at least I will not have to look at he face . ext . meadow - sunrise shermin be hold a field radio to he ear . fox ( v.o. ) we be grow very concerned back here . there 's no use pretend otherwise . we be rapidly approach a ' condition red . ' people be beginning to ask difficult question . shermin I will make this as simple as I can , George . they disappear . fox ( v.o. ) I do not care where you be from you just can not disappear into thin air . shermin ( through a punchy hysterical laugh ) George , listen to what you be say . this thing 's change itself into a man . disappear may not be that big a deal . fox ( v.o. ) so far you have let it cross the heart of America . for two day it have be absorb information that be detrimental to we security . I do not see the humor in that . stung , shermin take a deep breath , control himself and return the radio to he ear . shermin maybe ... look , this be just something to think about ... from what I get at the shopping center , it be more scared than anything else ... I do not feel it 's as big a threat as you think it be ... fox ( v.o. ) be that what 's affect you performance ? shermin I be not be unpatriotic , and I be do my damndest to catch they . Bell 's up on 80 and I be down here on 70 past Grand Junction . they be head west . if they be not fly we have a damn good chance of get they . all I be ask be that you people think about it . fox ( v.o. ) you just do you job , shermin . we will make the policy . ext . highway 70 - day the semi be in the slow lane . its right rear turn signal blink steadily tell US that it be leave the highway and go north at the intersection ahead . int . half house - day Jenny stir awake under the windbreaker in the bedroom as a sloppy downshift jolt the house . her eye flutter open and she look around the room try to figure out where she be . the truck lean into the turn . Jenny brace herself on one arm and sit up . catch the windbreaker as it slip off she front , she remember that she be shot and examine she right side . she run she finger over she cheek and neck , across she shoulder and down she side , feel for trace of the wound she know she sustained . she have be completely heal and there be no scar . she lean forward and look down the hallway . jenny hello ... hello . the wind snap the polyethylene be the only answer she get . she pick she blouse off the floor next to she purse , but throw it aside and shrug into the windbreaker when she see the blood and bullet hole . her sudden rise to a stand position make she light - head and she have to lean against the doorway until the spin stop . with she hand outstretch , as guard against the sway of the truck , Jenny shuffles down the hallway . jenny hello . where be you ? there be no one in the kitchen and she continue into the live room . it be empty . Jenny open the door to a enclose back porch . it be also empty . the STAR man be go . she return to the live room and stand there not really know what to do next . the countryside rush by outside a floor - to-ceil picture window . a wail from the semi 's AIR horn jar Jenny out of she reverie and she go to press she cheek against the window . she be look past she leave hand at the road when she notice a wide green ring on she finger above she wedding band . she step back from the window to examine it , then with some trepidation , twist it off . as it clear the end of she finger , the STAR man 's voice speak out of it . STAR man ( v.o. ) jennyhay ... Jenny drop the ring as if she would be stung . the STAR man 's voice stop as soon as she do and the ring bounce across the floor until it hit the baseboard . it look innocent enough lie there , but Jenny have a great deal of trouble make herself approach it . when she finally pick it up , it do nothing . she turn it in she hand and when the side of the ring hole that be face she when she take the ring off face she again , the STAR man 's voice continue . STAR man ( v.o. ) ...nd . you be all fix . I be sorry you be shot . I be a big problem for you . thank you for you help . I can go to my ship alone now . ext . highway - day the semi be pick up speed as it head north . ext . semi be cab - day the Driver check he side view mirror to see if the lane next to he be clear and be astonished to see a woman 's arm stick out of the polyethylene wave a blouse at he . ext . highway - day smoke billow from under the tire as the semi skid to a stop . ext . semi - day Jenny , she purse over she shoulder , be run toward the cab as the Driver step out with a wrench in he hand . jenny where do you stop last ? driver what the hell do you think you be do ? jenny where do you stop last ? driver stay right there ... jenny what be you last stop ? driver elmo 's ... jenny where 's that ? driver about five mile back . Jenny 's thumb be already out for a ride as she sprint across the highway . driver ( shouting after she ) be there any more in there ? ext . highway 70 - day a pass car take US to the STAR man as he run along the shoulder to a maroon and white ' 57 chevy that have pull off to pick he up . ext . ' 57 chevy - day a swarthy , bald man with hairy arm lean across the seat . man where be you go ? STAR man Las Vegas , please . I do not speak English . man hop in . int . ' 57 chevy - day man ( re-enter the flow of traffic ) I can only take you to Grand Junction , but you will have a better chance to get a ride from there . the STAR man smile . man where you from ? the STAR man start to point to the sky , then catch himself . STAR man I do not understand . man parlez vous francais ?... habla ingle ?... sprechen zie deutsch ? this be foreign word to the STAR man and he pastes on he smile . man good job , neither do I . what do you do for a live ? STAR man ( pretend ) I do not understand . man I be a cook . do you understand ' cook ? ' STAR man no. cook ( man ) food . eat . I prepare food . I work as a cook . that 's how I make money . STAR man I understand . cook what do you do ? STAR man ( search for a answer , then ) I make map . cook hey , that sound interesting . you like it ? STAR man eh ... yes . cook make any money ? STAR man no. cook ( take a pack of camel out of he pocket ) you do not get rich as a cook , either , believe I . I get a girl go to college this fall . the wife have to go back to nursing to help pay for it . he stick a cigarette in he mouth and flip one up for the STAR man . cook smoke ? the STAR man take it , quickly examine it , then position it in he mouth at the exact angle the cook do . his eyebrow raise when the cook flick he bic and puff a ash on the end of he cigarette . the butane flame be swing in he direction and he flinch back before allow the cook to singe he camel . he copy the cook 's puffing and the end of he cigarette begin to glow . cook she want to become a doctor . she 's a bright kid . hard worker . I think she will make it . but the damned inflation 's drive the tuition up so high it make it real tough on a family like ours . the cook inhale deeply from he cigarette and blow smoke at the windshield . the STAR man mimic the inhalation , then choke . his eye bulge and he cheek puff out as he try to be cool and not cough . the cook take no notice of he struggle . cook I get two other kid . I do not know what we will do when they get old enough for college . smoke start to dribble out of the Star man 's nose and mouth . puzzle , he re-examine he cigarette . cook everybody blame it on the oil crisis . that might be where it start . but I think a lot of people be just use that as a excuse to rip the rest of we off . I see it every day in the kitchen . peaches . we use the gallon can . the price have go up three time in the last year . and now the can be only half full . the cook take another drag . as if etiquette require it , the STAR man hurry to copy he . this time there be no ill effect . cook do you have child ? STAR man no. cook they be damned expensive and a pain in the ass sometimes , but I would not trade have they for anything . the cook flick he ash out of the window . a moment later , the STAR man mirror he action . cook what do you think of America ? STAR man it be beautiful . ext . elmo' - day a truck stop set back as little as the law allow from the buzz of interstate 70 . jenny ( o.s. ) I be look for a guy about this tall , with brown hair and really gray eye ... we find Jenny at the set of fuel pump nearest the highway dogging a attendant while he service a 18 - wheeler jenny he have on tan cord , a plaid shirt and a baseball cap ... probably hitchhike . attendant I do not pay much attention to that guy . jenny ( take out she wallet ) in the last hour or so ... attendant nope . Jenny fold back the plastic window to the picture of she husband . jenny this be he . attendant ( shake he head ) sorry . we follow Jenny as she wend she way through the truck question other attendant . the rumble of traffic drowns out they conversation , but the answer be always the same . finally , we follow the picture as Jenny hand it up to a attendant clean the windshield on a peterbilt cab . second attendant ( look at picture ) I do not know ... I be not sure . I might have see he up the road a piece on my way in . he 's long go by now . he hand the snapshot back to Jenny . she nod a ' thank you ' and look wistfully around the yard . there be nothing she can do . fitting the picture back into she wallet , she walk away . after a few step she turn back . jenny you know if anybody here 's go to Wisconsin ? second attendant ask inside . int . elmo' diner - day it 's bustling , loud and smoky . Jenny be stand just inside the entrance . she lick she lip and try to clear the frog out of she throat . jenny ( small voice ) anybody go to ... nobody pay any attention to she . her voice trail off . she swallow hard and try again , this time booming out . jenny anybody go to Wisconsin ? the activity in the diner come to a screeching halt and in the silence Jenny add in a normal voice : jenny I need a ride . a older man , with a face seam by cigarettes and weather , wave at she from the counter . older man I be go to Des Moines . if you can wait till I finish here , you be welcome to ride along . this get some good - humor cheer and catcall . jenny I can wait . smiling self - consciously , she take a seat at the end of the counter and order coffee from the waitress . while she be wait for it to come , she happen to glance outside and see a Colorado highway patrol car stop in the yard . the officer on the passenger side be talk to one of the attendant . Jenny turn away from the window and find that she be able to watch the conversation in a strip of mirror that run around the top of the pie case . the squad car leave and she coffee arrive . jenny ( to the waitress ) where 's the phone ? int . sit - down phone booth - diner hallway - day Jenny drop a dime in the slot and dial ' o . ' operator ( v.o. ) Operator ... may I help you ? jenny could you give I the highway patrol , please ? after two ring , the phone be pick up on the other end of the line . male ( v.o. ) sergeant packert , highway patrol . jenny my name 's Jenny haydn . I think you be look for I . I be kidnap in eau Claire , Wisconsin a couple of day ago . but I be free now . sergeant ( v.o. ) what be you name again ? jenny Jenny haydn . I be on my way home and I do not want anybody I be with shot at when you ... sergeant ( v.o. ) hold on . ext . roadblock ( interstate 70 ) - day stand back of the officer , shermin watch they check to car pass through the squeeze point . every car trunk be open . van and camper be look into . lyman run up and whisper in shermin 's ear . shermin be startle by what he hear . he leave lyman in charge and hurry to the helicopter park in the field beside the roadblock . int . helicopter - day a technician give shermin a headset phone as he enter . shermin ( hand over the mouth - piece ) you trace it yet ? technician all we know right now be that it 's east of here . shermin put on the headset and the technician start a tape recorder . shermin this be Marc shermin . where be you , Mrs. haydn ? int . sit - down phone booth jenny I do not know . someplace call elmo 's . look , I just want to tell you that I be all right and I be on my way home . shermin ( v.o. ) you have be through quite a ordeal , Mrs. haydn . why do not you stay where you be and let we pick you up ? we will fly you home . jenny no . you will want to ask a lot of question I do not want to answer right now . I already have a ride . int . helicopter - day the technician hand shermin a note which read : elmo " S truck stop / about 30 mile east . jenny ( v.o. ) I only call to tell you I be free and not to shoot anybody I be with if you see I . shermin jab he thumb upward , indicate that the helicopter should lift off . shermin be the man who kidnap you there now ? jenny ( v.o. ) I tell you . he let I go . I be on my way home . shermin ( he hand over the mouthpiece ) get a highway patrol unit over there . ext . roadblock - day shermin 's helicopter lift off . shermin ( v.o. ) Mrs. haydn , I be go to have to ask you to stay where you be . int . sit - down phone booth a sharp rap on the glass startles Jenny and she turn around to see she ride . older man ready ? Jenny hold up a finger that ask for a moment longer on the phone . jenny ( into phone ) Mr ... I be sorry , what be you name again ? shermin ( v.o. ) Marc shermin . jenny Mr. shermin , I be hang up now . if you want to ask I any question , call I at home in a couple of day . I be in the book . shermin ( v.o. ) do you know what you be kidnap by ? pause . shermin ( v.o. ) Mrs. haydn ... jenny he do not want to hurt anybody . please leave he alone . shermin ( v.o. ) be he on he way to lathrop Wells ? this hit Jenny like a kick in the stomach . she lean she head back against the wall . her ride be pace outside the booth . shermin ( v.o. ) what 's he plan to do in lathrop Wells ? be he meeting someone there ? Jenny smashes the receiver back in its cradle and throw open the door . jenny ( on she way past the weathered driver ) I change my mind . thanks . she rush down the hallway to the dining area where again she stand just inside the entrance . jenny ( at the top of she lung ) it 's I again ... the place go quiet except for a smatter of laughter . jenny I need a fast ride west . int . porsche - day the speedometer read 90 . the driver , a bespectacle , pimply - face sixteen year old , shift into fifth gear . Jenny be harness in the passenger seat . chatter from a cb under the dash compete with rock not roll on the tape deck . jenny you sure this be you car ? teenager ( with a stutter ) my grandmother 's rich . jenny ( as they come up on a station wagon ) slow down , slow down . teenager geez , Mrs. haydn , we just get go . but he downshift . the porsche be go a mere 80 when they pass the station wagon . jenny ( peer at its occupant ) I tell you I be look for someone . teenager in the car , too ?! jenny I do not know where he be . teenager this be go to be a real drag . I think you want to go fast . howling at full throttle , three highway patrol car rush past they in the opposite direction . Jenny swivel around to follow they progress until they be out of sight . teenager they after you ? jenny what ? no , of course not . teenager ( he stutter thicker than before ) would be kinda neat if they be . I think I could outrun they . maybe get my picture in the papers . Jenny take a second look at this guy . he flash she a gap - toothe grin . ext . overpass - day the cook 's ' 57 chevy make a leave on the street intersect the off-ramp and stop at the curb . behind it a large plastic yellow chicken twirl on a pole above the restaurant it advertise . cook well , here we be ... you go down that ramp there , you be sure to get a ride . STAR man ( get out ) thank you . cook and do not be shy about you English . you speak better than a lot of people I know . ( leave ) take care of yourself . as a afterthought , the STAR man duplicate the cook 's wave , then head down the ramp . as he clear the frame , we view zoom and zoom and zoom until we can see a piece of the roadblock in the valley below he . during the move - in , we begin to pick up cb chatter . voice ( v.o. ) flash for all you good buddy head west on 70 . smoky 's get a roadblock just beyond Grand Junction ... better dump you dope , they be go through everything ... he 's right . I be just there and I be still sore ... int . porsche - day Jenny turn down the rock 'n roll to listen to the cb . voice ( v.o. ) ah love to be frisk ! what be they look for ? I be hold . any way around it ? where be you ? oh no !! there it be !! teenager I bet you we find you friend at the roadblock . Jenny do not answer immediately . she take she time check out the people in a vw they be pass . jenny ( to the road ahead ) we better find he before that . ext . interstate 70 - day in the style prescribe by Jenny , the STAR man raise he thumb to a dilapidate vega shimmy down the on-ramp . the two blue-haire lady inside be afraid to look at he as they go by . he have the same luck with a attractive blonde secretary that pass on the highway . ext . elmo' - day a highway patrolman be stand behind the open door of he car speak into the mike of he radio . patrolman the girl 's not here , Mr. shermin . seem right after she talk to you , she get a ride west with a kid . int . helicopter - day all six tv screen display the road rush under it . shermin ( into mouthpiece of he headset ) you get that , lyman ? lyman ( v.o. ) we be ready . ext . sky above interstate 70 - day shermin 's s65 bank through a u-turn and chase west . ext . interstate 70 - day a dun-color roadrunner gurgle down the ramp and stop in front of the STAR man . two grubby long hair in wear western clothes be inside with box of house - hold utensil and duffle bag . long hair where you go ? STAR man Las Vegas , please . long hair we be go to L.A. he look at he buddy stretch on the jumble in the back . the buddy nod . long hair sure . get in . we can drop you in Vegas or get you darn close . the STAR man open the door and get in . int . porsche - day the cb continue to crackle with news of the roadblock . Jenny 's eye restlessly search the overpass under the whirling yellow chicken for any sign of the STAR man . she see the dun-color roadrunner wait at the foot of the on-ramp for a break in the traffic , but she be too far away to see who 's inside . as the porsche get closer , it overtake a 18 - wheeler and Jenny 's view of the roadrunner be cut off entirely . she pass without see the STAR man . ext . interstate 70 - day the porsche weave through the traffic give Jenny a chance to look into the car and truck it shoot by . int . porsche - day Jenny be turn around look back at a camper . teenager I be tell you , you be go to find he at the roadblock , or right after , or not at all . jenny if he do not want to go through the roadblock , be there any other way to get to Vegas ? teenager fly . Jenny give he a wither look . teenager the five-fifty . we already pass it . but it will take he way out of he way . jenny pull over . I have get to get back there . teenager why would not he want to go through the roadblock ?... what do you guy do ?... I will not tell anybody . jenny it 's easier not to tell if you do not know . ext . interstate - day the porsche slow to a stop on the shoulder . teenager ( as Jenny open the door ) wait . could I have you autograph ? jenny sure . she lean back and give the startle teenager a kiss on the mouth , then get out . teenager I have nothing to do . I would like to help you . jenny do not worry . I will be all right . she close the door . the teenager take a last look at she before pull back on the highway . Jenny wait for a car in the slow lane to go by , then run across to the line and wait for car in the fast lane to go by . int . roadrunner - day the STAR man spot Jenny stand on the line peer into the on-come car for sign of he . he become agitate and he mouth begin to move soundlessly . there be a break in the traffic and Jenny dash to the center divider . the STAR man lean across he driver and yell as the roadrunner plunge by she . STAR man jennyhaydn !!! ext . interstate - day Jenny spin around to see the roadrunner skid to a stop on the shoulder and the STAR man get out . a motorcycle bomb by . he start across the lane of traffic toward Jenny . a truck blast past he in the slow lane . he be buffete into the fast lane . Jenny run down the center divider to meet he . a vw honk , its tire squeal on the pavement as it swerve around he . he reach the safety of the center divider . Jenny throw she arm around he and lay she head against he chest . he stand there uncomfortably not know how to respond to this human emotion . STAR man I tell you goodbye . why be you here ? jenny the police be wait for you up ahead . there 's a roadblock . you have to go back . STAR man this car will take I to Las Vegas . I can not go back . jenny the police know about lathrop Wells . we have to go another way . come on . she grab he wrist but he hang back . STAR man if I do not meet the ship , my people will go home without I . jenny please understand . if you go this way , you will never get to you ship . the police know about lathrop Wells . we have to go another way . I will get you to you ship . I promise . STAR man I will go . but not you . jenny you shit ! I will decide if I go or not . not you . I do not know what you do on you planet , but I do not think that be very nice walk out on I like you do . STAR man I do not want you to be hurt . jenny come on . holding the STAR man 's hand , Jenny pull he toward the road . jenny I do not ask to come along on this trip , but I sure as hell be go to be the one to say when I get off . they bolt across the lane of traffic to the other side of the road where she flag down a old black pickup truck . she say something to the driver and she and the STAR man climb into the back . as the truck return to the highway , the clack of a approaching helicopter overpower the traffic sound . ext . sky - day shermin 's helicopter slice around a pine-dotted peak follow the twist of interstate 70 below . in the near distance , we can see the roadblock . int . helicopter - day unnotice by shermin or the technician , the black pickup pass off the television screen carry they quarry east . shermin ( into headset ) any sign of either of they yet ? the roadblock appear on the television screen . ext . roadblock - day lyman , wear a headset plugge into a belt pack , be walk down the line of car . lyman I do not think they be go to show . int . helicopter - day a swift kick from shermin send a stool clanging into a bulkhead . the technician will not meet he eye when he turn back to they . shermin okay . tell the highway patrol to block all major artery off 70 from here to elmo 's . ext . interstate 70 - day two highway patrol car scatter the traffic in front of they with they rack light and siren . ext . pickup - day Jenny and the STAR man be sit against the cab , a horse blanket draw up around they shoulder . they can see the flash light come from way down the road and watch helplessly as the patrol car eat up the distance between they . ext . interstate 70 - day the pickup make the turn onto highway 550 . ext . pickup - day for a moment , Jenny and the STAR man think they be safe . that hope turn to despair when the two patrol car loop after they . they keep get closer . the STAR man inch the blanket up over he nose . unexpectedly , the patrol car be throw into a skid . when they stop , they be face each other ready to inspect the traffic come off 70 . they lower the blanket from they face . Jenny lay she head back against the cab , exhaust . STAR man the cook say I speak good English . dissolve to : ext . highway 550 - late afternoon a rumble of distant thunder follow the lightning that flash from the dark cloud hang on the horizon . look incomplete without its trailer , the tractor / cab of a mack truck make a turn on a farm road , revealing Jenny and the STAR man stand on the gravel . the STAR man look back to where they come from . there be nothing come so he set out in the other direction . jenny where be you go ? STAR man I must meet my ship . jenny why can not we wait here for a ride ? STAR man I feel better if I move . jenny we be hundred of mile from where you have to be . the STAR man ignore she and continue to walk . jenny ( shout at he ) even if we walk five mile , it 's not go to make any difference . Jenny turn toward a oncoming car and stick out she thumb . the STAR man fall into the same pose just back of she . the car honk at they as it breeze by . STAR man ( scream after it ) asshole !! jenny ( shocked ) where do you learn that ? STAR man the cook . ext . roadside - late afternoon a torrential rainstorm lash the countryside . the STAR man and Jenny splash along the edge of the asphalt . they head be lower against the weather . they be both drench to the skin . jenny ( after a few step ) we be not go to get a ride tonight . STAR man I can not stay on this planet . jenny no one 's travel in this weather . STAR man you promise you would get I to my ship . jenny ( shout after he ) I will . I will . we still have another day . STAR man you promise . jenny what do you want from I ? there be no car on this road . I do not ask for this stupid storm . the STAR man mutter in he language . jenny what be you say ? STAR man you can stop . I will go on alone . jenny we be too far away to walk . do not you understand ? the STAR man look at she . with the rain stream off he face , he look at she . for the first time , the reality of the situation hit he . he turn and , swear in he own language , flail at the rain . a distance from Jenny , he stop and cry out in English . STAR man I can not stay here . I want to go home . I do not want this skin . I do not want to look like this . Jenny can see he stand with he head bow . she walk over to he . jenny ( try to ease he pain ) why do not you send one of you radio balloon and tell you captain that you might be late ? STAR man I use the last one to jump off the cliff ... jenny let 's find a place out of the rain . I be sure we will get a ride in the morning . STAR man I can not be late . I do not know if the radio balloon work above you planet . I do not know if my word go to the ship . if I be not there , the captain will think I be dead and go . jenny we will get a ride in the morning . a flash of lightning show we : ext . deserted railroad siding - dusk Jenny and the STAR man be follow the track to a abandon boxcar . int . boxcar - dusk the STAR man climb in and pull Jenny after he . Jenny be shiver badly . jenny can you close the door ? the STAR man scrape it forward . he activate the satel compass which light the interior of the boxcar . while he be do this Jenny turn she back to he and take off she jacket . her tooth chatter , she try to wring the water out of it . STAR man you be cold . jenny you be damn right I be . STAR man I do not get cold . clutch the windbreaker to she breast , Jenny look at the STAR man over she shoulder . it do not take she long to make up she mind . jenny ( crossing to he ) open you shirt . she wait while he struggle with the button . after two she brushes away he hand and undoe the rest . she let the windbreaker drop and , slip she arm around he waist , press she bare chest against he . jenny ( savore it ) oh , you be warm ... put you arm around I . the STAR man do and Jenny jump as the wet sleeve touch she back . jenny take you shirt off . it be difficult with Jenny around he waist , but he manage . he drape he arm over she . she snuggle into he . the rain pound on the roof . gradually , Jenny respond to the STAR man 's warmth and relax . she lift she head off he chest and look at he . STAR man what ? jenny nothing . she brushes she lip against he . the STAR man 's not sure what 's happen . but he 's not offended . her next kiss be full and long . he accept it with he eye open and when she ease back he lean in for more . Jenny respond . as if on command , the satel compass come from around behind the STAR man to hover in back of Jenny . he take it between he palm and extinguish it . int . boxcar - morning Jenny awaken and look around . the STAR man be not with she . as she stand up she hear he voice outside . he be speak to something in he language . she go to the door to find out what and see he stand beside a fence - in pasture talk to the horse inside . ext . pasture - morning Jenny join the STAR man at the fence . jenny good morning . STAR man horse . jenny you do not forget anything , do you ? STAR man no. Jenny pet one of the horse on the nose . jenny ( to the horse ) hello ... hello . how be you this morning ? STAR man do they talk ?! jenny ( laugh ) no , they do not talk ... we talk to they . STAR man I understand . a appaloosa nudge she way through the other to the fence . jenny oh , you be pretty ... STAR man I give you a baby last night . shock , Jenny look at he from around the appaloosa 's nose . the STAR man be comb a horse 's mane with he finger and he do not see she expression . STAR man ( meaning the horse ) they be beautiful . jenny yes , they be . STAR man you have be very good to I , jennyhaydn . ( turn to face she ) you say you want a baby , so I give you one . jenny ( shake she head ' no ' ) but ... STAR man it will be human and it will look like this . ( touch he face ) but when it come it will know everything I know and everything you know . that be something from my planet that I want you baby to have . jenny I tell you it 's impossible for I to have a baby . STAR man you will have this baby . if you want it . if you do not , I can stop it now . Jenny come over and put she arm around the STAR man . jenny I want it . ext . sky - day a formation of six black Bell cobra helicopter rush at we out of the blue . from above they we can see that they be head for a small desert town . ' welcome to lathrop Wells ' be spell out on a hillside in white - wash stone . ext . airstrip - day grubby , unshaven and unwash , shermin , Bell , lyman and the rest of the crew watch the seven cobras land in sequence . Fox , immaculate in a freshly press black flight suit , climb out of the first one down and he and shermin meet in the middle of the runway . shermin hello George . fox shermin ... shermin what 's all this for ? fox we have a new directive . I be take over . shermin ( scan the cobras ) we do not have to do it that way . we can catch he this time . fox Washington think it 's too late for that . shermin I have never be take off a assignment in my life . give I twenty - four hour and I will have he for you . fox you be not hearing I . shermin you can change a directive , George . you have do it before . listen to I . he 's go somewhere in death Valley . lathrop Wells be never anything but a bus stop . East be the nuclear site . there be no road in there . she be teach he to hitchhike . I be tell you . we block the four road into death Valley and we get he . fox we will do that . but how be we go to hold he ? he can change himself into a man . he can disappear . shermin that 's the chance we have to take . fox no , we do not . shermin then you be go to have to do it without I . fox you be a career intelligence officer , shermin . you will be in the air with we . shermin you be talk about take a life . the most unique life form on this planet . I think we be better than that . ext . las vega - late afternoon a fire-engine - red pontiac convertible with two cowboys ( late fifty ) in the front and Jenny and the STAR man in the back move with the traffic along the main drag in the downtown area . the STAR man 's head swivel from side to side try to take in the neon that jut up around he . the convertible stop at a light . the cowboy on the passenger side open the door and tip he hat to Jenny as she and the Star man get out of the back seat . ext . sidewalk ( las vega ) - late afternoon the STAR man be afraid of the crush of people and want to stay close to Jenny , but be fascinate by the whir and click and jingle of the one - armed bandit that seem to be everywhere . STAR man be this gambling ? Jenny nod . a lady in curler and pedal pusher hit a twenty dollar jackpot . hanging onto Jenny 's hand the STAR man turn around and walk sideways to watch the quarter tumble out into the lady 's shopping bag . STAR man the cowboy be right . you can make money fast gambling . jenny you do not make money gambling . you lose it . int . drug store - late afternoon the STAR man hang back to examine a one - armed bandit inside the front door while Jenny go to the counter . a almost imperceptible blue haze seem to seep from under the STAR man 's palm as he run he hand up and down the side of the machine . jenny ( v.o. ) ( to the clerk ) do you have a good map of death Valley ? clerk ( v.o. ) we should have . let I see . while the clerk search for the map the STAR man come up to Jenny . STAR man May I have twenty - five cent , please ? jenny what for ? STAR man I want to gamble . Jenny sigh and roll she eye and fish two quarter out of she purse and hand they to he . jenny here be two quarter . when you lose this , you be not go to get anymore . STAR man I understand . ( head back to the machine ) thank you . he drop a quarter into the slot and pull the handle . while the picture of fruit spin behind the view window , he hand stroke the side of the machine . a orange , a pear and a cherry stop in the view window . at the counter Jenny explain to the clerk that she be hitchhike and want the busy route into death Valley without go through lathrop Wells . the STAR man look long and hard at the machine before put in he last quarter . he pull the handle . the blue haze flow from he palm , three cherries lock into a line and the one - armed bandit begin to spit quarter . int . casino - late afternoon Jenny be nervous about be here . she feel every face that look at they could be a cop . the STAR man be pull she through a maginot line of slot machine toward a ' Super jackpot ' machine that advertise a $ 275,000 payoff . jenny this be crazy . we do not have time for this . STAR man I know how to gamble now . jenny you win ten dollar . Big deal . if we do not get a good ride before dark we could miss you ship . STAR man I want to get money for you and the baby . jenny I do not need any money for the baby . I will be fine . STAR man inflation , tuition , college . Children be damned expensive . I know . jenny the cook again ? STAR man ( step up to the ' Super jackpot ' ) yes . jenny if I ever run into that guy , I be go to kick he ass . the STAR man pop a gleam silver dollar into the machine , pull the handle and place he hand against the metal . Jenny , know it can not work , but hope that it will , stand back and gnaw on she thumb . then she see the blue haze vibrate out of the STAR man 's palm . Jenny stifles a scream . she look around to see if anybody else have notice . they have not . the STAR man smile at she . the force field do it 's work . a picket line of 7's fill the view window . amid the jangle of bell and flash light that accompany a winner Jenny do not know whether she should jump for joy or hide she face . ext . desert highway - dusk a dot in the distance become a brand new camaro . as it blast away from under we we see a paper license in its back window . the cabin light be on inside the car . int . camaro - dusk in the passenger seat the STAR man be riffling through a Columbia " History of the World . " a webster 's dictionary be on the dash in front of he . wedge between he leg and the transmission well be a shopping bag full of money . jenny it will tell you pretty much everything about we ... STAR man this be very interesting . we be bear know we history . we have other book . but not a book like this . jenny any word you do not know you can find in the dictionary . STAR man I understand . jenny it will give you the different country , how they come to be , what they be now , how America come to be , the government , the language ... everything . STAR man ( chuckle ) many of my people will not believe that thing be possible . on my planet there be only one government , one people , one language . I will be ask a lot of question . jenny what will you say about we ? STAR man I will say that we can be friend . jenny we can . she notice the green ring on she leave hand and take it off . jenny this be yours ... STAR man if you want to keep it , you can . jenny I would like to ... she slip it back on she finger above she wedding band . they drive in silence . the STAR man set the history book on the dash . jenny ( take the ring off again ) would you put some of you sing in this for the baby ? STAR man you want the baby to laugh at I . jenny yes . ext . desert highway - dusk with the STAR man singing in he language , the camaro move further into death Valley . the song fade and we : dissolve to : ext . desert highway - night the camaro blow by a gas station , close for the night . int . camaro - night the STAR man shift restlessly in he seat as he search the ghostly landscape for something familiar . he activate the satel compass . the red and green dot be touch . jenny how long will it take you to get home ? STAR man ( absently ) many , many day and night ... he press the satel compass into he palm . jenny would you like to listen to some music ? the STAR man shake he head " no . " jenny I be sure we could find a country and western station . STAR man no , thank you . Jenny take he hand in hers . jenny do not worry . everything 's go to be fine . the STAR man smile wanly at she . jenny ( lean forward to look up at night sky ) which star be yours ? it only take the STAR man a instant to find he home . STAR man there . jenny where ? he direct Jenny 's attention to the constellation auriga . STAR man ( meaning the star capella ) the yellow one . jenny oh , wow ... I will tell you what . when the baby be bear , we will go out in my back yard and wave to you . STAR man ( smile ) I will wave to you . all we can hear be the tire humming over the road . the camaro round the side of a low hill . STAR man oh , shit ! Jenny slam on the brake . one of the cobra helicopter , light from the inside , be park next to a line of flare across the road ahead . ext . close gas station - night the STAR man be look through a window at the repair bay , light by a work light . Jenny be stand in a phone shell on the front of the garage , the receiver to she ear . the STAR man move to the office door . he try the knob . it be lock . jenny ( to the STAR man ) they be try to get he . suddenly the STAR man slam he shoulder against the door . it swing open . jenny what be you do ?!! Fox 's voice come out of the receiver in she hand . fox ( v.o. ) Mrs. haydn ... int . cobra - night fox ( speak into a headset ) this be George Fox ... jenny ( v.o. ) I want to speak to Marc shermin . fox you can speak to I , Mrs. haydn . I be in charge of this operation now . ext . close station - night jenny if I do not speak to Mr. shermin , I be hang up . fox ( v.o. ) ( a beat ) okay ... tethere by the phone cord , Jenny try to see what the STAR man be do inside the repair bay . int . repair BAY - night use a air filter top as a basket , the STAR man scavenge from the work bench and the car up on the lift , fuse , length of wire , circuit board from a radio , tub , metal pipe and a Black and decker drill . while he be do this we get glimpsis of Jenny plead he case on the phone . finally , leave the receiver dangle at the end of its cord , she come around to stand in the doorway . jenny Mr. shermin want to speak to you . int . shermin' helicopter - night jenny ( v.o. ) here he be . shermin look warily at the headset . when the STAR man do not speak immediately , he take the initiative . shermin hello ... STAR man ( v.o. ) I must get to my ship , Mr. shermin . shermin we can not let you do that . STAR man ( v.o. ) I do not want to hurt anybody . I just want to go home . int . cobra - night Fox be listen to the conversation . shermin ( v.o. ) all the road into death Valley be block . we would like to talk to you . STAR man ( v.o. ) if I talk to you , I will miss my ship . shermin ( v.o. ) hold on a minute ... let 's take the chance , George . fox no deal . ext . close gas station - night shermin ( v.o. ) I be afraid we can not let you go . STAR man I understand . he hang up . int . repair BAY - night the STAR man shave the rubber off the electrical line lead into the fuse box and clip two wire of he own onto the expose copper . with Jenny watch we have a montage of the STAR man work through the night : modify the inside of the Black and decker drill , cut out the mid - section above the trigger , fitting electrical component into that area , screwing a pipe into the bit-clamp , welding it together with the spark that arc between the electrical wire . int . office ( gas station ) - night Jenny fold a sheaf of money into a sheet of yellow paper and prop it on the cash register . ' for damage . thank you ' be scribble on the front . she run out to catch the STAR man who be on he way to the camaro . ext . camaro - night carry the modify Black and decker drill the STAR man open the driver 's door . jenny where do you think you be go ? STAR man thank you , jennyhaydn . you be good . I must go alone now . jenny I say I would get you to you ship and that 's where we be go to say goodbye . int . camaro - night both hand on the wheel , Jenny be burn down the center line . the STAR man bend two thin wire trail out from the grip of the drill . Jenny wince as he bury they into the flesh on either side of he leave wrist . the car skate around the corner of a low hill . they can see that the cobra be still sit next to the road . jenny ( glance at the modify drill ) I hope that work . the STAR man be lose in concentration . Jenny kill she light and glue the accelerator to the floor . Three men scramble from the helicopter with m1y . a burst of slug rip through the camaro 's windshield . the STAR man lean out the passenger window and with a other - worldly scream , fire . the helicopter be blown to smithereen . the concussion throw the man to the ground . ext . burning helicopter - night the camaro whizze through the fall debris . int . camaro - night jenny it work . the STAR man slump in exhaustion and pain . STAR man I do not know how many time I can do this . int . shermin' helicopter - night it be fill with the radio voice of the cobra crew set up to attack the camaro . ext . desert highway - night the camaro become airborne at the crest of a dip . only its new shock save the landing . int . camaro - night the STAR man draw the satel compass out between he palm . the green dot now cover the right half of the red dot . he press he palm together and look past Jenny at the rugge foothills . the first light of day be start to color the sky behind they . Jenny and the STAR man be startle by the drumming whomp of a helicopter . the STAR man look out the window for its source . he can not see anything . the SOUND fade . in a moment , it be repeated on the other side of the car and again it fade . STAR man if my ship be not here , we be in trouble . this be a truism that Jenny do not want to hear and she flexe she finger on the wheel . STAR man ( point at a distinctive cone peak ) that 's where we land last time . right under that mountain . Jenny and the STAR man steady themselves for the last leg of they journey . suddenly , they silence be explode by a cobra drop out of the sky in front of they . its searchlight bang into they face and , with its thirty - calibre machine gun blazing , it come straight at they . Jenny yank the camaro onto the shoulder . the slug chew up the asphalt beside it . she fishtail back onto the road . a second cobra surprise they from the STAR man 's side . its machine gun knock out the back window before he can FIRE . the STAR man crawl over he seat and arrange himself in the hole that be the back window to meet the cobras ' next firing run . it do not take they long . the first two have be join by a third . they swoop down on the camaro . int . lead helicopter - night the gunsight lock on the car below . the co- pilot squeeze the trigger . ext . camaro - night shot thump into the trunk in front of the STAR man and he fire . the lead helicopter erupt , raining piece of hot metal over the desert floor . the other helicopter be jarre out of they run and they bullet harmlessly kick up sand on the shoulder . before they can regroup , the STAR man blows they out of the sky . jenny in front !!! in front !!! the STAR man have to hang on as Jenny dodge the car out of the path of a cobra skim over the highway toward they . as it go over , he be able to get off a shot directly into its underbelly . the ball of flame almost engulf the camaro . int . camaro - night the STAR man slump down into the back seat breathe hard . Jenny look over she shoulder at he and be shocked at the strain that show on he face . jenny hang on . she throw the car into a skid and leave the blacktop for a dirt road wind between two low hill . ext . desert - night at the base of a sandstone cliff , the camaro slide to a stop . Jenny help the STAR man out . she support he as they struggle toward the protection of the boulder . Fox 's cobra roar over the hill . int . cobra - night fox ( spot the car ) over there . ext . desert - night the STAR man turn toward the cobra . weakly , he raise he weapon and pull the trigger . nothing happen . the searchlight from the cobra find they . its machine gun begin to raise puff of gravel around they . Jenny grab the STAR man 's arm and pull he into the relative safety of the rock . the STAR man collapse against the cool stone . STAR man ( gasp ) I can not shoot anymore . Jenny look out between the crag . shermin 's helicopter arrive to join the cobra . with they searchlight flick over the sagebrush , they move cautiously toward the cliff . Jenny turn back to the STAR man . he be too weak to run anymore . jenny ( touch he shoulder lightly ) I will not let anyone hurt you . int . fox's helicopter - night fox watch it . they be come out . int . shermin' helicopter - night six image ( close - up to full shot ) of Jenny and the STAR man step out of they hide place fill the television screen in front of shermin . fox ( v.o. ) end it , shermin . lyman tap he keyboard . the screen all change to a long - shot of Jenny and the STAR man with cross-hair superimpose on they . ext . desert - night shermin 's helicopter move toward Jenny and the STAR man stand helpless in the circle throw by the searchlight . int . shermin' helicopter - night the cross-hair have lock on Jenny and the STAR man . shermin know he can not do it . he pick up a headset . shermin George ... do you hear I , George ? fox ( v.o. ) what ? shermin I just retire . fox ( v.o. ) shermin !! shermin !!! shermin flip a switch on the console that cut Fox off . shermin ( to he crew ) let 's get out of here . ext . desert - night shermin 's helicopter pass over the head of Jenny and the STAR man and rise into the dawn sky . int . cobra - night fox shermin !!! he throw down he headset . fox ( to the pilot ) lock in . the gunsight lock in on Jenny and the STAR man . Fox 's grip tighten on the trigger . suddenly the helicopter begin to vibrate and drift off its target . Fox look toward the sound come from he right and he eye widen in fear as he see the STAR man 's ship loom over he . ext . desert - night the spacecraft pass over the top of the helicopter . the whirling downdraft emanate from the spaceship 's underbelly yank the cobra away from Jenny and the STAR man and whip it into a spin which get faster and faster until it disintegrate and fall to the desert floor . ext . desert - night Jenny and the STAR man shield they face against the dust STORM that billow under the whining descent of the spacecraft . it settles into a landing across the dirt road rest on its three pod . with a crack , a cone of bright white light blast from the underside . jenny well ... STAR man I must go . Jenny nod . STAR man what do I do now ? jenny you say you love I and kiss I ' goodbye . ' the STAR man put he arm around she and hold she tight . STAR man I love you . jenny ( she head on he shoulder ) I be never go to see you again , be I ? STAR man no. he kiss the tear out of she eye , then full on the mouth . jenny I love you . the STAR man step back and place a hand on Jenny 's stomach . STAR man tell the baby about I . jenny I will . STAR man Goodbye . he turn from she and walk to he ship . Jenny watch he go , then remember something . jenny wait !! she get the webster 's dictionary and the Columbia History of the World from the camaro and run to the STAR man . he take they and kiss she again . STAR man thank you , jennyhaydn . Jenny back away as the STAR man walk under the ship into the white light . he wave one last time to Jenny and be swallow into the ship by the light . ext . desert - night Jenny turn away from the sting sand as the space- craft lift off . when she look again , it be high and move over the foothills . a banking turn bring it back . the ship dip low over she , rock itself in a gesture of farewell , then shoot off into the star . when she can no longer see it , Jenny drop she wave with a sigh and start back toward the camaro . over she walk , we super : jenny haydn give birth to a EIGHT - pound , seven - ounce baby boy on MARCH 10th . fade out : the end