S T a R S h I p T R o o p E R S screenplay by Edward neumeier base on the novel by Robert heinlein 1 from the federal net -- notice -- join up now ! proud young people in uniform , the bloom of human evolution . young people I be do my part ... I , too ... be you ? the mobile infantery logo : lightning bolt on a black shield . official voice join the mobile infantery and save the world ! service guarantee citizen -ship . would you like to know more ? 2 bug meteor : behold actual picture of a meteor , this one a mile across , as it hurtle past a observation ship . official voice the bug send another meteor we way ! a bright explosion in space out beyond the moon . official voice but this time we be ready ! planetary defense be better than ever ! would you like to know more ? 3 klendathu --- why we have to fight ! klendathu , a fierce orange planet ringed by a asteroid belt , orbit a double star . official voice klendathu , source of the bug meteor attack , orbit a twin star system whose brutal gravitational force produce a unlimited supply of meteorite ... a " you be here " map of the known galaxy show the Earth in relationship to the bug planetary system and klendathu . official voice to ensure the safety of we solar system , klendathu must be eliminate ! would you like to know more ? 4 live broadcast -- from orbit - the invasion of klendathu ! for battle group , sixty starshp strong , orbit the orange planet . graphic : klendathu : the invasion official voice we break net now and take you live to klendathu where the invasion have begin ! 5 ext klendathu -- night -- the camera take the mobile infantery cap troopers wear fully armed marauder power suit as they move up the line , the pan to the net correspondent net correspondent we have just land here on whar cap troopres be call " Big k " with the 6th mobile infantery division ... it 's a ugly planet , a bug planet , a planet hostile to life as we igkkkkkk ! blood hit the lens as the correspondent be cut in half . the camera catch a glimpse of huge claw as cap trooper johnny rico , 18 , blow away something big big with he pulse cannon . johnny com'on , let 's go ! on the bounce the cap trooper move out , among they dizzy flore , 18 , ace levy , 19 , and kitten smith , 18 . the camera pause , unsure . fed net central ( o.s. ) follow they ...! go ! go ! the camera follow . the pulse of bug batteries be blind . cap trooper scream as they be tear apart right and leave by a enemy see only in disorientating glimpsis . johnny this way ! the group split into two , and the camera follow johnny . something slice kitten Smith , and he go down scream . johnny kitten ! johnny stop to help he comrade . a claw slashes into he . johnny aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! now something grab the camera , spin it around . we glimpse the hideous jaw of a arachnid warrior . cameraman ( o.s. ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! the camera hit the ground . johnny , badly wounded , bleed from the mouth , crawl into camera , try to get away from the dark insect shape that close in on he . johnny oh , God ... oh , God , help I ... please help I ... his eye glaze over as he remember flashback : 6 int new uni high - classroom - day - carmen ibanez be beautiful , just 18 , and quite pleased with herself because johnny Rico be clearly infatuated with she . rasczak ( o.s. ) the end of another school year , and for I no doubt another failure ... Rico , pay attention ! the teacher jean rasczak , 38 , a rugge veteran who proudly display he miss hand , scowl at johnny , bemuse . johnny sorry , Mr. rasczak . but as soon as rasczak turn back to the class , johnny begin to sketch a cartoon on he desk 's touch screen . rasczak here in History and Moral philosophy we have explore the decline of democracy when social scientist bring the world to the brink of chaos , and how the veteran take control and impose a stability that have last for generation since ... you know this fact but have I teach you anything of value ? you . why be only citizen allow to vote ? rasczak point at lanny , 17 , with he stump . lanny it 's a reward ... what the federation give you for do Federal service . rasczak be crestfallen , make a big show of patience . rasczak no. something give have no value ! have not I teach you dimwit anything ? I guess they ought to revoke my teach credential ... laughter . johnny 's cartoon , meanwhile , be take shape : johnny and carmen fly round planet venus in a space ship . rasczak when you vote , you be exercise political authority . you be use force . and force , my friend , be violence , the supreme authority from which all other authority derive . carl jenkins , 18 , a superintelligent geek , jump in . carl gee , we always think you be the supreme authority , Mr. rasczak . laughter . rasczak grin . rasczak in my classroom , you bet . whether it 's exerted by ten or ten billion , political authority be violence by degree . the people we call citizen have earn the right to wield it . dizzy flore , 18 , athletic , pretty , no nonsense , chime in . dizzy my mother always say that violence never solve anything . rasczak really ? I wonder what the city father of Hiroshima would have to say about that . you . rasczak point at carmen . carmen they probably would not say anything . Hiroshima be destroy . johnny press '' " send " on he desk , and the cartoon appear across the way on carmen 's screen . rasczak correct . nake force have settle more issue in history than any other factor . the contrary opinion ' violence never solve anything ' be wishful think at its worst . while rasczak look away , carmen throw johnny she wonderful smile , and johnny 's go , check out , fly round venus . rasczak people who forget that always pay ... they pay with they life and they freedom . dizzy notice the dreamy look on johnny 's face . so do rasczak . he point at he with he stump , snap johnny to . rasczak you . tell I the moral difference , if any , between the citizen and the civilian ? johnny the difference lie in the field of civic virtue . a citizen accept personal responsibility for the safety of the body politic , of which he be a member , defend it , if need be , with he life . the civilian do not . rasczak the exact word of the text . but do you understand it ? do you believe it ? johnny uh , I do not know . rasczak of course you do not . I doubt if any of you here would recognize ' civic virtue ' if it bit you in the ass . a bell ring . rasczak shrug , indifferent . rasczak well , that 's it . have a nice life . 7 ext new uni high - hallway - day - johnny and carmen walk with they friend . several couple hold hand . johnny try to take carmen 's hand , but she demur . johnny brood . carmen c'mon , let 's see if they have post the math final test yet . student hey , Rico , we gonna take tesla ? johnny how should I know ? student you be captain of the team ! 8 ext quad - day - johnny and carmen join other student around a multi - screen kiosk . carmen first thing fleet Academy look at be you math score . wish I luck ! carmen enter she name , receive she score : 97 % ! she beam . johnny good for you . carmen you turn ... then she spot Carl across the way talk with marco , 17 . carmen hold on ... I wanna talk to Marco . his sister 's at fleet ! carmen rush off . johnny check he score : 35 % ! crushed , he make sure no none else have see . Carl walk up to he . carl you still have not kiss she yet ? do not lie . johnny what 's the hurry ? carl other be wait . Carl point out dizzy , talk with friend . johnny do you read she mind ? carl do not have to ... some mate semaphore be pretty hard to miss . it 's true . you can tell by the way she look at johnny . johnny yeah , but I want carmen . carl you get it bad . carmen return to johnny as carl head off . carl do not forget about this afternoon . ( to carmen ) he 's always late when he walk you home to fish for a kiss . carmen blushes , cover . carmen she 's fly starship ! johnny who ? carmen Marco 's sister . can you imagine maneuver half a million ton through crwode space lane ... you gotta have nerve of steel ! reflexes be critical johnny I have good reflex . carmen notice the way dizzy 's look at johnny , do not like it one bit , take johnny 's arm . carmen c'mon johnny , we will be late for biology . 9 int biology lab -- day - the biology teacher be a older woman , very spry , also blind . johnny , carmen and other student gather around cover lab table . biology teacher for we final today , please identify the mouthpart , the abdominal organ , and for extra credit , locate the nerve cord and count the ganglia . you may begin . the student remove the cover to reveal large alien bug , 60 centimeter arkellian sand beetle laid out for dissection . carmen eeuch ! johnny aw , c'mon , it 's just a bug . biology teacher just a bug , eh ? we human like to think we be nature 's finest achievement . I be afraid it be not true . this arkellian Sand beetle be superior in many way . it have fewer move part , can reproduce itself in vast number , and unboud by concern of ego and mortality , make the perfect selfless member of society . johnny better put you goggle on . johnny slice the abdomen open with asurgical laser . Green fluid spray from the slit . carmen turn away look ill . biology teacher we galaxy be teaming with insect life . we have identify over two billion species so far . human , life , it would seem , be the anomaly . carmen but we be intelligent . human mind have invent art , mathematics and interstellar travel . biology teacher true , we know of no insect society that have produce a Shakespeare , a Einstein or a cherynkov , but before you let that go to you head , take the example of the arachnid , a highly organize , highly evolve insect society . she point to a insect evolution chart that start with a common ant and end with a two meter tall arachnid warrior . biology teacher they be relatively stupid by human standard . worker have a iq of 12 , warrior around 35 , and yet the arachnid have colonize planet . over a million year of evolution , nature have provide the arachnid with the biological mean to hurl they spore into space . johnny apply a spreader and jack the insect abdominal cavity open with aresound crack . bug gut gush out . johnny well , if that 's the crop , that must be the gastric caecal ... carmen Excuse I ...! she head for the door , hand over she mouth . 10 ext civic park - day - johnny and carmen walk home from school together . johnny 35 % on the math final ! no one could be that dumb with number . carmen well , at least you do not lose you lunch over a bug . how embarass . johnny who care about bug ? you can not go anywhere if you do not know math . carmen do not be so sure . I like you even if you be dumb with number . johnny then how come you will not hold hand with I at school ? carmen I do not want everyone to see . johnny why will not you kiss I when we be all alone ? carmen how come that 's all you talk about anymore ? johnny it 's all I think about anymore . indeed , they be all alone now . the look in johnny 's eye say how about it . carmen grin , reach for johnny 's hand . 11 ext puplic transportation - day - carmen and johnny stand together near a bank of transporter . carmen you can not walk I home . johnny why not ? carmen I think you be go to help Carl . johnny Carl can wait . carmen johnny , my dad 's home today . johnny 's face darken with frustration . johnny what 's he get against I ... I mean , I be a teenager . you can not be a citizen when you be only a teenager ! carmen it 's not you , johnny . you parent be rich they do not need to be citizen , and that stuff mean a lot to my dad . he 's a veteran . johnny well , if you dad do not like I , how come we be such good friend ? carmen sometimes I do what I want , eh ? carmen step into the flux . zappp ! she 's go . johnny grin , happy to be in love . 12 int carl house - basement - day - johnny be hard - wire to the stack of processing unit that comprise Carl 's basement workshop . Carl concentrate on the image of a play card , the six of diamond , display on a monitor . carl do not think about it ... go on instinct . johnny Ace of spade . the ace of spade appear , and the computer indicate " no match " . Carl put another card up , the jack of diamond . carl statistically speak you should have accidentally guess right by know . johnny in addition to " psychic dolt " this test also prove I be unlucky ? two of heart . wrong again . carl luck be not a factor . no one really know why some people be sensitive and some be not . Federal study like this might provide a clue . the next card up be the nine of club . johnny I would not want to know what everyone be think . four of spade . suddenly , a giant yellow frog jump onto the keyboard , fritzing the monitor . johnny remove the blindfold . carl cyrano , you big yellow turd ! johnny know this frog , scratch he on the neck . johnny he just want attention . you do not play with he like you use to . Carl concentrate for a moment . carl go bug Mom , cyrano . cyrano 's eye widen . he hop off the table and up the stair two at a time . Carl clear the screen . johnny how do you make he do that ? carl I give he the impression that there be a fly crawl up my mom 's leg . he be go to go eat it . from upstairs , carl mom shriek . mom ( o.s. ) get out ! get out ! carl ...! johnny Carl , promise I you will not ever do anything like that to I . carl do not be afraid . can not do human ... yet . c'mon let 's go . Carl , put up more card , johnny miss they all . johnny ten of club . you still gonna sign up for starside r&amp ; D ? carl passport to the Universe . who would not want that ? johnny I have be think about apply for Federal service , too . fleet , maybe . carl you father will never let you . johnny I be eighteen . it 's my decision , I think I would make a pretty good pilot . I have good great reflex . you need that for maneuver , you know . carl only 1 in 14 male applicant make it through stellar navigation . so what do you think you chance be ? johnny eight point ... no , uh , seven ... carl if you can not do that number , you have not get a chance . johnny all I know be carmen 's go to be a citizen , and I do not think it will work out for we if I be not . carl Love ... how excruciatingly pathetic . now try and pay attention . Carl put a card up . johnny Queen of heart . the computer indicate a match . johnny peer around at the monitor . it be the Queen of heart . carl well , what do you know about that ! 13 ext athletic field - stand - day - carmen and other student wear orange and black sing the " uni High song " . the scoreboard say : regional final . across the field , fan wear red and gold and sing another song . 14 int locker room - day - johnny and other uni high tiger , all exceptionally robust young man and woman , suit up in they orange and black uniform . dizzy tesla 's tough . they tumble good and they hit hard . dizzy bounce a jump shoe to johnny . the spring fire and vault it high into the air . johnny catch it , put it on , smile cocky at the tesla giant who suit up in red and gold . johnny we tumble good , too . 15 ext athletic field - day - wham ! -- tiger and giant collide . power by jump shoe , the play be gymnastic . johnny move the ball , flip high in the air over the giant defensive line , make ten meter before he be bring down . 16 ext stand - day - the crowd cheer as johnny run back to join he team . he see carmen wave , glad that johnny have see she among all the people . 17 ext huddle - day - johnny and other Tigers listen as quarterback dizzy call the play . dizzy kick three , fade leave . on two . they make fist , then breal for thevline of scrimmage . 18 ext scrimmage line - day - the tiger have the ball . the giant 's quarterberkassign zander barcalow , 18 , handsome , super -confident , to guard johnny . zander time 's run out . Zander point . the scoreboard show tiger 19 , giant 20 , three minute and count on the clock . johnny grin . johnny a lot can happen in three minute . dizzy Hut ... hut ! johnny take the handoff , flip over a gauntlet of giant guard . Zander hurl himself at johnny , miss . johnny score . Zander tumble into the crowd , lose a jump shoe . 19 ext sideline - day - zander look up and see carmen , smile as she offer he a hand . she help he up . he hold she hand longer than necessary . carmen be you alright ? zander I be get better . 20 ext athletic field - day - johnny run back to join he team as the crowd cheer . the Tigers lead 21 - 20 . johnny frown when he see carmen talk to Zander on the sideline , shaking he head , smile . 21 ext sideline - day - zander find he shoe , strap it on . zander so what be you do later ? carmen everyone be go to the dance . be not you ? zander I do not know . it 's my last night as acivilian . I ship out for tereshkova tomorrow . Zander head for the field . carmen follow , interested . carmen you be go to the Academy ? that 's where I want to go . I would love to talk to you about that . a referee blow he whistle at Zander , signal impatiently . zander I be all ear . carmen do not you have to finish the game ? 22 ext scrimmage line - day - the giant be in possession . Zander land hard in front of johnny . johnny do not get any idea . she 's my girl . zander you can never be sure . johnny scowl at Zander , turn he head to look back at carmen . she wave , smile . the Giants pull ablitz . dizzy watch the blitz ...! Zander knock johnny on he ass , and the Giants score . it 's tiger 21 , giant 22 and less than a minute to go . 23 ext huddle -- day -- dizzy order up the next play . johnny keep look over he shoulder because Zander 's back talk to carmen again . dizzy flip six , three hole . Rico ? hey ! dizzy slam johnny upside he helmet with she forearm . johnny what ? dizzy you be drift . flip six , three hole . on one , get it ? johnny just throw I the ball , diz . they make fist and break . 24 ext scrimmage line -- day -- johnny take position again across the line from Zander who now grin at johnny broadly . johnny do not grin back . dizzy Hut ! at the snap , johnny break for open field . dizzy throw , johnny catch it , trip Zander up painfully , and hurl himself into the end zone as a horn sound the game 's finish . 25 ext athletic field - day - cheering uni fan rush onto the field as the school band strike up a victory march . Tigers do flip in the air . Giants look deject . Zander pick himself up , watch johnny leave with carmen . 26 int johnny' house - night - johnny walk throuh room fill with elegant furniture . he 's all spiff up for the big dance . his mother catch he preen in front of a mirror by the transporter in the hall . mother who say you could grow up so fast ? last time I check you be only five year old . you have such a bright little face ... johnny aw , do not get mushy . johnny 's father enter carry a federal service catalogue . father this come for you today . I presume on you request . johnny a lot of my friend be do Federal service ... mother you be not think of apply ...? johnny shrug . father have you lose you lose you mind ? I would rather take ten lash in Public Square than see you ruin you life . johnny it 's aterm of service , not a career . I just want to get out on my own and see the galaxy for a couple of year . mother johnny , people get hurt ... people get kill in the Federal service . if something happen to you I do not know what I would do ... father who give you this idea ? it 's that teacher . what 's he name ? you know the one I mean . johnny Mr. rasczak . father rasczak ... silly name . there ought to be a law against use a school as a recruiting station ! johnny no , Mr. rasczak do not do that at all . he sorta discourage you really . father good , because you be go to Harvard , and that 's the end of it . johnny I be eighteen . it 's my decision . father oh , be that how it be ? mother wait you two . dad and I have a surprise for you that will settle this . can you guess what it be ? johnny uh , no . father a trip to the Outer ring . whad 'ya think of that ? johnny wow ! santori and Zegema Beach , I have always want to go there . mother good good , then it 's all settle . father a year at Harvard and you will see this " Federal service " be just menial training for inferior people so they can call themselves " citizen " and take air for the rest of they life . johnny wait a minute ! Carl be do he Federal and he be not inferior . he 's the smartest kid at school ! father sorry . Carl 's a fine boy ... johnny put on he jacket . johnny I do not know what they teach at Harvard , but I think I be pretty good enough the way I be ! mother johnny , please . calm yourself . johnny well , that 's what you be say ! you be say that I be not good enough the way I be now ! johnny stomp out , the transporter go zappp ! mother why do you go and do that ? he be all ready to go Zegema Beach ! father teenager ! 27 int uni high gymnasium - night - everyone at the " farewell dance " be dress up . rasczak and other teachers chaperon . a spotlight find the band leader . band leader alright , everybody , this be the last dance , so let 's turn down the light and make it a slow one . the light go down . dizzy , dress pretty , brighten when she see johnny stand alone near the dance floor . dizzy hey , Rico , wanna dance ? johnny actually , diz , I promise carmen ... dizzy too bad for she if she 's not around . dizzy pull he onto the floor , hold he close . dizzy you know , it 's sad ... most of we probably will not see each other again after tonight . there be a invitation here . johnny do not take it . johnny you still gonna play for Brazil ? dizzy look like , unless Tokyo let I start . johnny well , anyone who get you be lucky . dizzy how come we never get together ? dizzy look at johnny meaningfully . he 's distract . carmen cross the room , stun in she formal . johnny can not we just be friend , diz ? dizzy sure . johnny uh , look , diz ... dizzy guess you gotta go . johnny you be the best . johnny head for carmen . dizzy watch jealously as carmen take he hand . she look around for someone to dance with . Carl , a nerd in a tux , wave shyly . 28 int gymnasium - dance floor - night - carmen and johnny dance . johnny want to kiss she , carmen playfully avoid . johnny be not it great to be in love ? carmen how do I know if this be love ? johnny it would not be so romantic if we be not ... carl outa the way you two ! Carl and dizzy dance by , dizzy smile bravely because Carl be a terrible dancer . johnny go in for the kiss again . carmen romance be just a vestigial biological response to procreation ... johnny aw , you be in love with I ... you just dont know it yet . johnny 's confidence make she smile . johnny move in to kiss she , but the music end . everyone applaud . the light come up and people head for the door . johnny see rasczak . johnny wait , I want to talk to Mr. rasczak . carmen I will meet you outside . johnny head over to rasczak . johnny mister rasczak ? rasczak what be it , Rico ? johnny I just want to say thanks ' cause History and Moral philosophy be the best class I have this year . rasczak ( smile ) well , it 's not really my job to please . hope you learn something . johnny I wanna join up , Mr. rasczak . I think I have what it take to be a citizen . rasczak good for you . go find out . johnny well , my parent be against it , and I know it 's my choice , but I be wonder ... what would you do if you be I ? rasczak figure thing out for yourself be the only freedom anyone really have . use that freedom . make you own choice , Rico . 29 ext uni high gymnasium - night - johnny walk out and find carmen talk with Zander . he wear the blue uniform of a fleet pilot trainee . carmen examine he fleet pin , a pair of silver wing . carmen johnny , this be Zander . zander yeah , we know each other from the game . no hard feel , eh , chum ? johnny none at all ... we win . carmen good luck at the academy . Zander take back the wing and pin the to he tunic . zander always . 30 ext promenade - night - johnny and carmen walk together along the river hold hand . carmen he just get accept to the fleet Academy . be not that great ? johnny yeah , sure , I guess . carmen no , I mean if he can get in , maybe I have a chance . johnny what be you talk about ? we both know you be gonna be a pilot . carmen Zander be go for pilot , too . johnny you two have so much in common . carmen pull johnny to a stop , look he in the eye . carmen johnny Rico , you be jealous ! johnny I can not help it . carmen he 's nothing like you . johnny I do not even know if you be my girl . carmen smile , lean in close to johnny . carmen be you the boy for I ? johnny I be gonna do it , carmen . I be gonna sign up for Federal service . they kiss , tentatively , but the passion grow and they break apart , breathless . carmen oh , johnny ... 31 ext public transportation - night - johnny and carmen make out as they wait they turn . there be a few other people around include a policeman . carmen everyone 's look ... we should not ... johnny who care ? carmen you be right . let 's never stop ... policeman hey , you , there 's a place for that ! without stop , johnny pull carmen into the flux . zappp ! 32 int federal housing - night - johnny and carmen kissing at she front door . johnny move he hand tenatively to carmen 's breast . she take he hand , smile , put it under she shirt . johnny I love you , carmen . carmen shhh ... she put she mouth on he and they melt together . the door fly open , and carmen' dad stand there . carmen' dad carmen , it 's late . get inside . carmen sorry , dad . see you , johnny . carmen duck inside . her father look johnny over . he carry a terrible battle scar oon he face . carmen' dad I do not want you around carmen anymore . get I ? johnny maybe carmen 's gonna make she own decision from now on , Mr. ibanez . carmen 's dad redden . he would like to punch johnny out . carmen' dad carmen 's gonna be a citizen . she do not need you and you rich family . the federation will give she everything she need . carmen ( o.s. ) dad , leave he alone ... carmen 's dad slam the door in johnny 's face . 33 ext federal build - day - johnny and carmen meet Carl in front of the induction center where a staedy flow of prospective citizen file through the main door . 34 int lobby - day - the recruiting sergeant be miss one arm . he smile broadly at the three teenager . recruiting sergeant Fresh meat for the grinder , eh ? carl that 's we . where do we sign ? he turn in he chair to grab the form . johnny and he friend see that he be also miss both leg . the recruiting sergeant catch they look , smile even wider . recruiting sergeant here and here and here . as he sign , johnny look at the campaign ribbon on the recruiting sergeant 's chest . we hear music : " the mobile infantery anthem " play softly in honor of distant battle . recruiting sergeant welcome to the adventure of Federal service . follow the blue line . 35 int processing hall - day - johnny , carmen and carl be route into different line , join other hopeful civilian . a colonel make a speech over the loudspeaker . colonel there be no guarantee of service . we do not need all of you . it cost a great deal to train human being for useful task . many job be hazardous to you health . if you be choose and do not wish to serve you may resign at anytime simply by complete form 1240 / a . thank you for exercise you constitutonal rights . 36 int changing room -- day -- johnny and other in the line strip down . the guy in front of johnny be don , 18 , athletic and cheerful . don they take my sister , they will take anybody . 37 int testing facility -- day -- johnny grimace as a technician install a interface plate on he side , draw fluid . don oh , this be the part that hurt ! a psych officer sit down across from each candidate . psych officer no talk please . I be go to ask you some question . please answer all question truthfully . we will know if you do not . birthplace ? johnny here in Buenos Aires . the psych Officer check johnny 's response on a meter . 38 int various testing station - day - johnny be poke and prodd , subject to aural , visual and pharmacological stimulus , and scan from head to toe . psych officer ( v.o. ) be you parent currently citizen ? johnny ( v.o. ) no , sir . psych officer ( v.o. ) which do you think be more important , courage or confidence ? johnny ( v.o. ) courage , I guess . psych officer ( v.o. ) please complete this sentence . I want to be citizen because ... johnny ( v.o. ) I want to be a citizen because ... well , because of my girl , sir . 39 int debrief - day - johnny sit across from a major who view a list on a monitor johnny can not see . major I be happy to tell you that you have be accept for Federal service . johnny wow , that 's great . major look like you be quite a athlete . Boy , look at that reaction stat . the Major cluck he tongue as he highlight the last category on he list : mobile infantery . major my job be to dertermine what you be best suite for . johnny I want to be a pilot , sir . major sorry , son , no way . you school record say you do not have the math skill . johnny swallow this . he know it be come . the Major delete " Pilot " from the list , then several other item . major that rule out the scientific and engineering application , and I be afraid we reserve non-military option for candidate who be frankly less able-body than you be , son ... he turn the monitor around and show johnny the list . the only thing leave be mobile infantery . major it look like the only thing you be good for be cannon fodder . I be put you down for the mobile infantery . 40 int auditorium - day - carmen proudly take the Federal service oath with about twenty - five other people , a gleam silver fleet pin on she chest . she look around for johnny , see he grin at she . johnny ET al ...of my own free will , without promise , coercion , or inducement , after have be duly advise and warn of the meaning and consequence of this oath , do now enroll in the Federal service of the terran federation for not less than two year and as much longer as may be require by the need of the service ... 41 int federal build - lobby - day - johnny and carmen walk out together happily , hand in hand . carmen I wonder where Carl be . you do not suppose ...? johnny naw , I make it , Carl make it . just then , Don rush past , shameface , cry . johnny he be in the group with I . I guess he do not ... carmen shhh ! do not make he feel worse . the recruiting sergeant be get ready to go home . he 's get leg now , and he take a prosthetic arm from its case and snap it on . he grin when he see they stare . recruiting sergeant they put I out front to discourage the weak -heart , but at the end of the day I go home . how would you kid do ? carmen I be gonna go for pilot . recruiting sergeant good for you . we need every pilot we can get . johnny hold the door for carmen and the recruiting sergeant . suddenly Carl appear look a little paler than usual . carmen hey , Carl , what 's wrong ? johnny do you get starside r&amp ; D ? carl no. 42 ext federal build - day - johnny and carmen be stunne . johnny I do not believe it ! carl I get Games &amp ; Theory . well , everyone 's a little impressed by this . carmen Games &amp ; Theory ? that 's military Intelligence ... oh , Carl ! johnny whoa ! Way to go , boy - yo ! recruiting sergeant next time we meet , I will probably have to salute you . what about you , son ? johnny infantery , sir . the recruiting sergeant beam , offer a prosthetic hand . recruiting sergeant well , good for you . the mobile infantery make I the man I be today . just what johnny want to hear . they watch the old sergeant walk away . music : " the mobile infantery theme " . carmen take johnny and Carl by the arm as they walk . carmen let 's all make a vow . let 's swear we will always be friend no matter what . johnny I will go for that . carl well , we be gonna be million of light year away from each other , and chance be we will never see each other again , but sure ... carmen I can not wait to tell my dad I be in . he 's gonna be so happy ! johnny my father 's probably gonna kill I . 43 int johnny' house - study - night - johnny stand sullenly as he Father rage at he . father you will resign , and that 's all there be to it . it might look bad , but if that 's the worst you suffer ... johnny I will not quit ! father I be tell you , you will ! you be not go back . you be go to go on vacation ! johnny I be not go on vacation ! I want to be acitizen ! it 's my decision . I make it . johnny turn for the door . his father throw he last shot . father you walk out that door , you be cut off , young man ... you understand I ? alright , that's it , you're ... 44 int johnny' house - hallway - night --johnny walk out , grim , see he mother , tear in she eye . father ( o.s. ) ... CUT off ! mother johnny , why will not you change you mind ? do citizenship mean so much to you ? johnny well , yeah , sure ... mother I hope so . I hope you do not ruin you life over some silly little girl who want to look handsome in a uniform . johnny 's face redden . johnny do not talk about my girl that way . johnny turn on he heel , head for the transporter . zappp ! 45 ext federal transportation hub - day - johnny look for carmen among hundred of young people bound for Federal service destination . recruit wear civilian clothes . everyone else be in uniform . p.a. ( o.s. ) outbound group 1380 , ursa minor and tyko , now transport at bank 17 ... now he see she enter struggle with luggage . johnny rush to help she and soon he be carry all she bag . johnny you be late . carmen my dad have to help I pack . suddenly he 's afraid he 's never gonna see I again or something . it be sweet , but it take forever . anyway , I guess I be ready to go . at the freight station , carmen enter she Federal i.d. card and get numbered tag for she bag . johnny I , too . I be wear everything I own . johnny load they onto a conveyor belt . carmen poor boy . I be sorry you parent be so mad . johnny who care ! the federation will give I everything I need for the next two year , right ? carmen 's already move to the next line . johnny follow . carmen you talk to Carl ? johnny he leave this morning . he could not say where . carmen log in , enter she destination : luna - tereshkova fleet academy . the ticket station spit out a pass . carmen it 's exciting , but it 's scary , too be not it . go someplace new where you do not know anyone . carmen head toward a bank of transporter . johnny stop she , take she by the arm . johnny I be gonna miss you . carmen I will miss you , too , johnny . johnny I love you . p.a. ( o.s. ) outbound group 948a , tereshkova , all section , transport at bank 5 . carmen oh , that 's I . she scan she pass , but johnny stop she again . johnny com'on , just say it . try it on for size . carmen alright , I love you . carmen kiss he , jump into the transporter . johnny do you mean it ? carmen I say it . be not that enough ? do not forget to write ! zappp ! the last thing he see be she beautiful eye . 46 from the federal net - a world that work ! people be do Federal service job all over the know galaxy . official voice from all over the know galaxy , prospectice citizen work together to make a better tomorrow ! would you like to know more ? 47 crime &amp ; punishment - tonight ! a criminal stand before a federal court official voice a murderer be capture and try today . sentence : death . tonight at six , all net , all channel . would you like to know more ? 48 notice - be you psychic ? a Federal clinic specialize in psycic research . official voice if you think you be psychic , maybe you be . harness you unique ability and take advantage of the many Federal benefit available for psychic citizen . would you like to know more ? 49 TRAVEL advisory - insect tragedy on tango urilla a prefab township sit on the shore of a tranquil alien bay . then , a " you be here " map of the known Universe . official voice disregard Federal warning , mormon extremist establish Port Joe Smith , a settlement of 300 on tango urilla , a system just inside the arachnid quarantine Zone . archival picture of a captive two meter arachnid warrior , multiple eye , cut mouthpart and claw . wary scientist keep they distance as it eat a cow . official voice too late they realize tha tango urilla have already be choose by other colonist -- arachnid ! now body part litter the ruin street of Port Joe Smith . official voice the council ask future colonist to obey all official Federal warning . would you like to know more ? 50 ext camp currie - parade ground - day - sergeant zim be 40 , astoundingly fit , and like all drill instructor , he carry a small baton . he address sixty shorn recruit . zim the problem with you be that none of you be good enough the way you be . johnny stand in formation with he squad , among they : breckinridge , 18 , djana 'd , 19 , katrina mcintire , 18 , ace levy , 18 , shujumi , 18 , and kitten smith , 18 . zim I be you senior drill instructor , career sergeant Zim . ( then ) to think this have to happen to I ! what a bunch of ape . no , strike that . you do not rate that good ... you sink - chest , slack - belly , drool refugee from apron string ! in my whole life I have never see such a disgraceful huddle of momma 's spoiled little darling ! suck in that gut ! you there , eye front ! Zim give kitten Smith the hairy eyeball . Smith crack up . zim do you think I be funny ? do I make you laugh ? do you think I be a comedian ? kitten Smith shake he head " no " , but he can not stifle himself . kitten smith sorry ...! zim the first and last word out of you stinking hole will be " sir " . do you get I ? kitten smith Sir , sorry ...sir. zim see the armory ? run around it ! kitten Smith squint . out in the distance , a tiny building . Zim smack he on the leg with he baton . kitten smith yeow ! zim run , I say . bronski , keep pace ! kitten Smith run . Big corporal bronski , 28 , take out after he , lay a baton across he backside every time he slow . zim you be now all brother and sister in the same family , my family , the mobile infantery . I will be you mother . I will be you father . if you do not please I I will throw you out of my family because I hate all slacker and negative hacker . do you get I ? johnny ET al Sir , yes , sir ! Zim point at the little white picket fence lead to a transporter near the front gate . zim anytime you think I be be to tough , anytime you think I be be unfair ... quit ! grab you gear and take a stroll down " washout Lane " . get I ? johnny ET al Sir , yes , sir ! zim I wonder if there 's a handful of gut in the whole bunch . who think they have get what it take to knock I down ? breckinridge , a big guy from a farm planet , step forward . breckinridge Sir , I guess maybe I do , sir . Zim crook afinger at he . breckinridge charge . Zim knock he flat . breckinridge hold he arm , twisted now . zim you alright , breckinridge ? breckinridge Sir , yes , sir . it 's my arm . I think it 's break , sir . zim medic ! a medic charge up , check breckinridge 's arm , grin . medic clean break ... Doc will have he back on active duty by tomorrow . zim good . who 's next ? shujumi step up , assume a fight stance . Zim look he over . there 's not not much to he . shujumi attack Zim , counter he counter , dance out of range . djana'd lookit the little guy go ! now Zim attack . shujumi flip kick Zim in the head . johnny he 's good alright . katrina I will bet he make squad leader . ace he will have to get past I . the recruit check Ace out . Zim sweep shujumi 's leg , put a knee in the little man 's throat . shujumi pass out . zim medic ! 51 ext obstacle course - day - the recruite tumble a brutal obstacle course use jump boot . zim ( v.o. ) some of you may not ´make it . djana would hit a tower and fall to the deck hard , drop she rifle . she hold she knee , hurt . Zim race over to she . zim why be that weapon on the ground ? you weapon be more important than you be ! pick it up ! pick it up ! Zim begin to kick she because she do not move fast enough . zim ( v.o. ) you might think I be unfair . 52 ext zero gravity combat - day - the recruite watch poor kitten Smith spar with Zim . kitten Smith whacks Zim across the jaw . Zim do not even flinch . zim be that all you get ? you hit like kitten , Smith ! this be a punch . wham ! Zim knock kitten Smith for a loop . zim ( v.o. ) you will not like I . 53 int hyperphysical training environment - day - zim watch the recruit face simulate 3-d off - world foe . in one room , cyclop soldier of antilles , in another , red death walker , and in a third , screeching arachnid warrior . zim ( v.o. ) but if you survive you will thank I because you will be bear again hard . you will be a new person . you will be a cap trooper . and then , maybe , you will be good enough ... 54 ext combat knife practice - day - zim throw a knife , bury the point in a narrow post . zim ( v.o. ) ...to serve in my family . ace Sir , I do not understand who need a knife in a nuke fight anyway ... all you gotta do be push a button , sir ! Zim yank the knife out of the post . zim put you hand on the post , private . Ace obey . Zim throw , stick he hand to the post . ace awk ! zim the enemy can not push a button if you disable he hand . medic ! Zim pay no attention to Ace who remain stick to the post . a recruit trot up . johnny stare , surprised . it 's dizzy . dizzy Sir , recruit Flores , report for duty , sir . she snap Zim a salute and hand he she order . zim I see you specifically request transfer from Fort cronkite to this training group ... dizzy grin self - consciously at johnny . dizzy Sir , I hear it be the best , sir ! zim it be the best ... but what make you think you 're good enough ? on you belly and give I fifty , recruit ! dizzy hit the deck and start do push-up , count off as medic arrive and go to work on Ace 's hand . 55 int mess hall - day - the recruite line up for mess pile four- square together on a single plate , meat on the bottom , ice cream on top . ace I would like to disable Zim ...! katrina improper attitude ! they will kick you out for talk like that ... djana'd they can kick you out for anything . improper conduct , unsatisfactory performance ... kitten smith off you go down washout Lane , bye- bye ! Ace cut into the front off the mess line . ace aw , you either get what it take or you do not . djana'd c'mon Ace , wait you turn ! ace at ease , soldier . it 's all the same muck . johnny better get in line like everyone else , Ace . silence . there could be a fight . Zim , stand nearby , watch with interest . Ace open he hand . ace you get some gut for a rich kid . I guess you and I could be buddy . johnny what a honor ... ace hey , do not laugh . everyone oughta have a friend like I ! Ace make a big friendly show of trading place with johnny . breckinridge come on , Ace , back off the line ! bacl off the line ! now everyone 's laugh , push Ace to the back of the line . johnny have he grub . dizzy come up with she tray . dizzy hey , amigo , come chow with I . johnny no thanks , diz . dizzy what 's you malfunction , Rico ? johnny you be . I join up to get out on my own . and you have to tag along . dizzy what ? you think I join the mobile infantery because of you ? johnny you say you do not ? johnny turn away . dizzy watch he go , hurt . 56 ext obstacle course - day - the recruit tumble down the difficult course in they power suit . at the head of the pack , breathe hard , johnny and Ace race . ace what make you think ... you will make ... squad leader , Rico ? johnny something ... I have get ... you do not . ace you rich kid ... be all the same ! johnny it be not about rich ... it 's about who 's best ...! they come to a trap , prepare to leap . dizzy come through ! dizzy jump over they from behind . johnny and Ace tumble into the mud . they watch , chagrine , as dizzy reach the end of the course effortlessly . zim c'mon , move it , you ape ! 57 int shower - night - dizzy enter as the recruit scrub down . kitten smith we all have one thing in common . we be all stupid enough to sign up for mobile infanterie . what 's you excuse , breckinridge ? breckinridge well , my family be all farmer . I hate farming . mobile infantery 's pure picnic by comparison . kitten smith so the grow them big and dumb on the farm planet , eh ? djana would ? djana'd I be go in for politics . you gotta be a citizen for that . so here I be . kitten smith c'mon , keep it go ... Katrina ! katrina I wanna be a mom . it 's easier to get a licence if you have serve . ace I be go career ... officer 's training . that 's why I wanna be squad leader . they look for that . johnny wanting it do not make you the best one for the job . ace oh , yeah ? I do not see anyone else here with the chop to lead . johnny well , maybe you better look again . shujumi federation 's gonna give I a scholarship when my hitch be up . I wanna be a neurologist , study brain chemisty and associate stimulus ... dizzy dress down . johnny and all the other guy check she out . she have a fabulous body . dizzy cathes johnny look . he turn he back as she step into the shower next to he . kitten smith you turn , Rico ! johnny aw , who ask you to be so nosey ? kitten smith I , I get plan to be writer , and a writer 's get a right to be nosey . Flores , you know Rico from Buenos Aires ... what 's he story ? dizzy use she hand to divert the shower spray towards johnny 's crotch . dizzy well , some say he turn he back on the family fortune to be a citizen , other say he do it for a girl ... miss a spot there , bucko ... which be funny because johnny say I join up to be with he , but why would I do that ? he do not even like I . breckinridge do not look that way to I . everyone look down at johnny 's crotch , laugh . johnny blushes , grab a towel and exit the shower . 58 int barracks - night - into camera - johnny pan the barrack with a little handcam , neat bunk in a row , other recruit loung around in they skivvy . johnny I know it 's not much , but it 's home . over there 's my bunk where I dream about you every night ... Ace , kitten Smith , shujumi and breckinridge dance around and moon the camera . johnny hey , do you mind ? johnny move the camera away from the guy . Katrina walk by from the shower with dizzy , mug into frame . katrina hey , what 's go on ? dizzy I bet it 's that girl I be talk about ... her name 's carmen , I think . ace and the other carmen ! ooh la la , carmencita ! katrina hi , carmen ! johnny head for the door . ace and the other hey , where you go ? come back ...! he 's get awy ... grab he ...! the picture go all screwy , come up again on : 59 ext barracks - night - into camera - johnny talk quietly now outside the barrack door . johnny Boot 's pretty tough , and sometimes I think I will not make it , but then I imagine you be watch I , and that give I somete ... I try harder . thanks to you , I think I might have a shot at squad leader . the barrack light go out . tap play over the public address . johnny lower he voice . johnny uh-oh , I gotta pack it in . I hope you be have fun , hope you be careful . no training accident for you , eh ? ( lean into camera ) I want to kiss you so badly . I want to feel you next to I , I - behind he , someone begin to sing , badly . ace I love you truly , so truly , dear ...! Ace , the singer , and the other guy peer down from the transom over the door , giggle , delighted with themselves . pullback to reveal : 60 int tereshkova flight academy - day - carmen watch the end of johnny 's letter . Ace continue to sing . ace we love will grow , dear , year by year ... johnny bye ! write I ! I be gonna kill you guy ! the letter end . carmen smile . a bald cadet pilot smack she on the arm as she run by in a sleek blue pressure suit . bald cadet orbit in five , ibanez ! first one there get to fly ! grinning , carmen grab she duffel , take off after she . 61 int boarding corridor - day - carmen and the bald cadet race for the hatch past other recruit . 62 int boat - day cycle-carmen get there first , jump into the pilot seat . the bald Pilot take second seat . carmen look it down ! two late cadet duck in through the close hatch door . late cadet oh no , not ibanez again , she 's crazy ! carmen on my mark , in three , two , one ... 63 ext lunar orbit - the boat straek upward from the lunar floor past orbit training platform where cadet in brightly color pressure suit float against the Earth which hang beyond the horizon . carmen ( o.s. ) ... go ! 64 int boat - lunar orbit - carmen blast past a destroyer orbit in dock , zip between corvettes and other slower fleet traffic in the crowded space lane of luna . the two late cadet be terrify . bald cadet geez , I think I like to fly fast ! carmen this be nothing . today , I get to fly that ! she point . now visible from behind a host of smaller ship , starship athena , of older design , but impressive . 65 int athena - command and control - day cycle - carmen arrive on the bridge , dark , cramped , all - business . she salute the instructor , captain deladier , 40s . carmen Pilot trainee ibanez report for duty , mar 'am . deladier take the number one chair , ibanez . follow all instruction of you supervisor . carmen yes , mar 'am ! carmen turn for she station , but stop in she track . her supervisor be Zander barcalow , now a 2nd Lieutenant . carmen hey ! what be you do here ? zander I be the guy who 's gonna teach you to fly this crate . carmen log on . the ship recognize she as a pilot trainee . carmen Assistant insructor ... you must be some kind of a hot stick . should I call you " sir " ? zander only when I give you a order . deladier prepare for departure . carmen and Zander go to work . carmen it 's amazing , we run into each other like this . maybe it 's fate . zander maybe not . I hear about this crazy girl come through the academy , solid math , a little wild on the stick , but a natural . when it turn out it be you , I make sure we would run into each other ... deladier alright , take she out , ibanez . carmen yes , mar 'am . all eye be on carmen as she grab the stick . the ship shudder under she hand . she wink at Zander . carmen in simulation , my supervisor could never keep up . zander this be not simulation anymore . take 'er out easy , cadet . carmen oh , yes , sir . vector ? zander twenty - five by five , roll seven . and do not exceed port speed . carmen rock the stick , and the view from the bridge spin smoothly away from the dense orbit yard os luna toward the outer system . carmen or ...? zander they revoke we flight status . carmen oh , I see ... teamwork . carmen jog past lumber freighter . Zander 's impressed . deladier steady as she go , number one . prepare for warp . number two , design for Jupiter orbit . zander yes , mar 'am . Star drive in three ... two ... one ... Space appear to bend . Zander and carmen share a smile . they blur together , become one , then : wham ! 66 ext luna - starship athena disappear in a flash of blind light . 67 ext war game course - day - the recruit have be divide into two team . red team include Ace , Katrina , breckinridge , and djana would . johnny , shujumi , kitten Smith , and dizzy be part of blue team . zim the object of this exercise be to capture you enemy 's flag before you enemy capture yours . bronski pass out morita smartRifle . zim this weapon have be modify for this exercise . if you enemy hit you , you suit will fail . you will be unable to move . you will be as good as dead . 68 ext war game course - later - djana 'd bump the magnification of she head up display to survey Blue team 's flag guard by two recruit . she jump down to join other Red team member on the move . djana'd it 's right over the next ridge ... only two guard . johnny , kitten Smith , and dizzy open fire from athicket as they pass . djana would and the other collapse as they suit fail , djana would laugh because play at war seem funny . kitten smith you be now prisoner of the Blue team . tell we you plan or die ! djana'd oh no ! name , rank , and mind you own business be all you get from I ! 69 ext red team flag - day - red team open fire as the Blue team appear . shujumi and other Blue team member go down in a ambush lead by breckinridge . johnny dive for cover , and find himself share it with dizzy . kitten smith I be go in ! let 's go ! kitten Smith make arun for the flag with a rifle team . Ace and Katrina open fire from two new hide Red team position , take kitten and he team down with a cross fire . johnny man , they be defend ... no way in . dizzy flip six , three hole . johnny what ? dizzy High school ... remember ? run a flip six , three hole play , and you might score ... johnny look at the course in a new way , nod . johnny cover I . dizzy you get it . johnny tumble open ground , vault into the air . dizzy take out breckinridge as he rise to fire . johnny land , knock out Katrina , then Ace . he pick up Ace 's fall morita . johnny thanks , pal . 70 ext observation tower - day - zim and corporal bronski watch johnny fire both moritas simultanously and take out the remain Red team defender . he grab the Red team flag and hurl it into the air like spear . zim kid 's get some move ... 71 int airborne skimmer - day - the recruit line up in the door of a skimmer , the military 's standard utility aircraft , to practice drop from altitude . zim Smith , go ! mcintire , go ! Flores , go ! Rico , I be make you sqaud leader ! johnny Sir , thank you , sir ! zim do not stand there dumb ... go ! johnny jump , plummete toward the earth . johnny yeeee-haaaaaaaaaaaaa ...! next in line , Ace scowl . 72 int barracks - night - the recruit have some free time . johnny make a big show of polish the chevron that designate he as squad leader . kitten smith look at he . do you think anyone have ever be so pleased with himself ? ace Zim hadda choose someone to be he brown nose , I guess . johnny I just want you guy to know that I will never do anything that I have not ask you to do first . johnny approach dizzy . johnny could not have do it without you , diz. Friends ? dizzy smile , shake . dizzy yeah , sure ... friend . bronski walk through with the mail . bronski levy ... shujumi ... Rico . johnny grab the e-disk , pop it into he handcam . the fleet mail logo appear : approved message johnny Bet it 's from my girl . johnny 's pal gather for a look . carmen appear , dress down to skivvy , in she quarter aboard starship Athena . carmen hi , johnny , I would have write sooner , but they have really get we go every moment here . ace yeow , Rico , you do not deserve that ! johnny shhhh ...! carmen I be glad you be do so well . if they have not make you squad leader by now , I be sure you will . johnny hold up he squad leader chevron victoriously . johnny all it take be the love of a good woman ... the image change abrupltly . now carmen 's wear a trim blue flight suit . she stand the camera on Athena 's gunnery deck . outside , the ring of saturn sparkle in bright solar light . carmen look at that . be not it beautiful ? I have to show you . it 's great to be out here on my own . I be just not some little girl from Buenos Aires anymore . I be gonna be a starship pilot , and I be gonna see the universe ... ( she sigh ) and that 's also the problem because I do not really want to get marry , johnny . I do not want to have kid . I want a command , a ship of my own , and you know , I do not think that 's gonna leave a lot of room for you and I . johnny be stunne . all the other recruit suddenly seem to have something else to do . carmen I know that 's not what you want to hear ... but I have to follow my heart . I be sorry . I be afraid you will hate I , and I could not stand that . write I , alright ? write I , so I will know that we will always be friend . the fleet mail logo appear again : end of message . johnny shut the handcam off . Ace put a hand on he shoulder . ace funny how they always want to be you friend after they kick you gut out . johnny it 's what I deserve . ace whad 'ya talkin about ? johnny I join up for she . I would not even be here if it be not for she . I be a fool . ace you make squad leader on you own , and , hey , you still get I to kick around . johnny smile in spite of himself . johnny thanks , Ace . johnny turn for the door , flipping the chevron like a coin . dizzy watch he leave . she would so like to comfort he . 73 ext live FIRE combat range - day - the recruit arm they marauder power suit . Zim and bronski wear Command model suit with rank designation . johnny check weapon , scan the electronics on each squad member 's power suit . zim with the marauder 's visual capability , all you have to do be look at something to hit it , so you will exercise extreme care on my fire line . do you get I ? recruit Sir , yes , sir ! zim the live fire combat range be the close simulation of actual combat we can provide . if you do not hit you target , it will shoot you ... fifty blacken automate target drone fitte with pulse gun be presently visible along a gauntlet of low wall , gully , and three - story building facade . zim the marauder power suit will prevent serious injury , but if you be hit , you will be non-operational and you team score will suffer accordingly . Rico , have each member of you squad complete a weapon safety check ? johnny Sir , yes , sir ! on a signal from Zim , the live Fire combat Range come to life as the target drone take cover and disappear from view . zim perfect score for this exercise be 300 . B company come through last week with 285 . I expect you to do better . 74 ext live FIRE combat range - day - the recruit take out the target drone as they appear . halfway through the course , a recruit take a hit and go down , immobilize . djana would have a clear shot , but breckinridge get in she way . djana'd you be in my line of fire , breckinridge before the other can react , a second drine appear . johnny crossfire ! everybody down ! everyone kiss dirt . pulse from the two drone fly thick overhead . shujumi rise to fire , a round slam he back to the ground . johnny and djana would knock out the two drone . johnny alright , no more screw up . Ace take point . diz , you and kitten Smith cover the flank . djana would , you be rear guard . move out . the squad resume ist advance . breckinridge bang on he helmet . there be something wrong with he " head up " display . johnny what 's the problem ? breckinridge dunno . display 's fritze . djana'd lose another rifle , we be gonna mess up we score ... johnny let I see . breckinridge take off helmet , hand it to johnny . djana would turn on breckinridge . her " head up " zeroe he . djana'd how come when something go wrong , it 's always you , breckinridge ? that 's when djana would trip on a loose stone . she fumble she rifle and it discharge . the round tear the top of breckinridge 's head off . the recruit stare in horror . johnny oh , God ... uh ... medic ! Zim arrive with bronski on the bounce . zim Rico , you be relieved of squad command . levy , mcintire you will escort private Rico to the c.o. 's Office . the recruit watch johnny leave , stare aghast at they dead comrade . no one look at djana would , who stand alone sobbing . 75 int c.o. be office - day - johnny stand before the c.o. brace by Katrina and Ace . Zim and the c.o. be both sadden by the proceedings . c.o. Rico , do you give the recruit permission to remove he helmet ? johnny Sir , yes , sir . breckinridge report a helmet malfunction , and I ask he to show it to I , sir . c.o . be you rate to repair a marauder power suit , Rico ? johnny Sir , no , sir . c.o . then why do you order you man to remove he helmet during a live fire exercise ? johnny Sir , I need everyone in my squad operational , sir ... I ... I want to win , sir . c.o : ( sigh ) you disobey safety regulation 21-404 . you may , of course , demand trial by court martial . johnny Sir , no , sir ! c.o . do you freely admit to the charge make against you ? johnny Sir ... I guess I do , sir . Zim look out the window . djana would , dress for travel , in civilian clothes , cry as she head off down washout Lane . c.o. sergeant , we have lose two recruit over this incident already ... be there any possibility of salvage this man ? Zim I believe so , sir . c.o. alright . we will try administrative punishment . until then you be confine to you quarter , Rico . 76 int barracks - sunset - johnny look out the window to the parade ground where a post have be erect . the recruit look up as Zim enter . zim alright , let 's go , Rico . johnny take off he shirt . Ace who now hold the chevron of squad leader , watch , feel bad for he pal . 77 ext parade ground - sunset - the recruit stand with recruit from other platoon . johnny be lead to the post and strung up as the c.o. read the charge . c.o . for incompetence of command , for failure to abide by safety regulation in a live fire exercise , for negligence which contribute to the death of a teammate ... Zim step up to johnny , offer he a red rubber mouthpiece . zim bite on this . it help . I know . c.o. ... recruit trainee John Rico be sentence to administrative punishment . ten lash . johnny take it in he mouth . his tear away shirt be tear away . johnny stand at the post alone . corporal bronski , a big man with a unhappy task , unroll he whip . c.o . you may carry out the sentence . bronski one . crack ! johnny 's face wrench by pain , spontanous tear , a terrible sound stifle by the bright red mouthpiece . bronski two . crack ! again . dizzy flinch for johnny . bronski Three . crack ! Ace look away . bronski four . crack ! Zim watch without any apparent emotion . bronski five . crack ! johnny faint , sagging against he tether . fade out 78 ext outer system - starship athena cruise past , 600,000 metric ton of star class destroyer , fighter and landing boat lining she open hangar deck . 79 int athena - command and control - night cycle - carmen work alone on the empty bridge . she yawn . Zander bring coffee for himself and carmen . carmen thanks . you read my mind . third watch always seem to last forever . zander oh , I do not know ... depend on who you be spend it with . he caress she hair . she kiss he hand . Zander notice the plot map . zander profile 's wrong ... there . carmen no , I replotted the course . it 's more efficient this way . zander Three week aboard a starship and you know it all , huh ? carmen hey , check it . Zander slide into he chair , run a check . zander you know I be talk to Captain , deladier , and she say ... carmen do not change the subject . be I right ? zander well , whad ' ya know ... carmen do not mess with the boss . so what would the captain say ? zander she get a command ... and she think we oughta team up officially and crew for she . she think we be good together . carmen you and I , huh ? Zander turn he chair so they be very close , move a finger along she hand , up she arm and playfully around she breast . zander I have a feel about we . we be good together , way ahead of the curve in every department . I seem to be able to anticipate you need . you know what I want ... carmen grab he between he leg . carmen no , what do you want ? Zander pull she to he and they kiss passionately . she brteak it off , get serious for amoment . carmen I want to be part of the best flight team in the fleet ... zander I , too ... Day and night - cycle . they start to caress again when suddenly alarm sound . Captain deladier appear on the hot screen , still waking up . deladier report . zander Captain , we be in the path of a unidentified object move at near light speed ... carmen and Zander frantically check they display . carmen where be it ? zander there ! gravity field ... it be big ! carmen it look like a ... asteroid . deladier in this part of the system ? carmen and Zander see it through the front screen : a huge asteroid tumble directly towards they at terrific speed . zander sweet Jesus ...! carmen break glass that read emergency retros , arm the switch within and fire the rocket . 80 ext outer system - starship athena torque to one side . the asteroid graze the ship , cut ahuge gash in Athena 's hull . Ice and rock travel in ist wake shred communications equipment . 81 int command and control - night cycle - carmen and Zander brace themseves as diamond hard particle pound the front screen . the ship continue to tumble . 82 ext athena - flight deck - a fighter lose it 's moor , tumble into other craft , explosion rip the deck . 83 int athena - various - night cycle - crewmen be suck into space . other hang on frantically as automatic door seal Athena 's wound and they fate . 84 int command and control - night cycle - captain deladier arrive on the bridge , now crowded as other flight officer rush to they station . Zander 's go through star chart . deladier where would it come from ? zander trajectory indicate it come out of the arachnid quarantine Zone . deladier number 4 , contact fleet and tell them there 's a loose asteroid head they way . communications officer Communications be down , mar 'am . deladier Engineering . damage assessment . engineering officer Hull 's compromise . we be lucky to be alive , mar 'am . deladier notice carmen stare at a monitor , stunne . a dead cap trooper trail in the wreckage of the flight deck . deladier good work , number 1 . you will do . carmen thank you , mar 'am . 85 int barrack be - day - johnny wear he civilian clothes , pck as the other recruit get ready for the day 's training . no one say anything . he move stiffly , careful of he back . dizzy it stink , you goin . johnny I do not stay where I be not want . dizzy if they do not want you , they woulda kick you out , amigo . johnny hey , they humiliate I in front of everyone ! I be just suppose to take it , huh ? well , I be not gonna , and I guess that prove I just can not cut it . corporal bronski lean in , impassive . bronski you call 's go through , Rico . take it there . a nearby vu - phone light up . the screen flash : ringing his mother appear when she pick up the other end . mother hello ... oh , johnny ...! johnny hi , mom . mother Bill ... pick up ... it 's johnny ! you little rat . you have not call , you have not write . it 's be so lonely here without you ... the screen split as johnny 's father activate a extension . father johnny ! where 's you uniform ...? johnny 's mother make a face to shut he up . father well , it 's just good to hear from you . what 's up , son ? johnny it 's not really work out for I here , dad . I be think ... I be hope it would be alright if I come home . mother well , of course you should come home immedietly ! johnny I have make a mess of thing . I have be so stupid ... father do not talk like that . get yourself home as fast as you can . mother we will all have dinner . I will fix you favorite . father yeah ! we will talk it out and have a good glass of wine ... and ... well , we love you , son . the sky in Buenos Aires seem to darken perceptively . johnny 's mother look out the window . mother oh , my , what 's that ? father look like rain . mother this time of the year ...? the transmission end abruptly . a phone company logo appear : transmission terminated . vu - phone voice you transmission have be terminate due to atmospheric interference . please try you call again later . johnny zip he duffel , heft it gingerly over he shoulder . johnny well , see ya . dizzy you take the stroll down washout Lane , you be only prove one thing , johnny . johnny what 's that , diz ? dizzy that you do not have what it take to be acitizen ! dizzy turn on she heel and march away . 86 int the c.o. be office - day - johnny sign form 1240 / a . Zim stand as witness . c.o. now you , sergeant . Zim sign bitterly . the c.o. sigh . c.o . that 's it , son . you can go . the c.o. and Zim turn to other thing . johnny pick up he duffel and head out the door . 87 ext parade ground - day - johnny walk alone , sad . a skimmer hum by overhead and he look after it . out across the parade ground he see the glint of marauder power suit as recruit tumble the obstacle course . 88 ext washout lane -- day - johnny reach the little white fence that lead to the transporter . he turn back for one last look and notice people run to the comminication shack . kitten Smith run by . johnny hey , kitten , what 's go on ? kitten it 's war ! 89 ext communication - day - johnny join other to see what 's on the Federal Net . recruit , non -com , and officer gather without any sense of military decorum . people cry openly , among they corporal bronski . official voice ... early estimate . million dead , a city in ruin ... on screen , the smolder ruin of what be once a huge city . johnny oh , jeez , be that geneva ? katrina goddam bug whacked we , johnny . official voice ... Buenos Aires have be wipe of the Earth . nothing life in what be once call the Latin paradise ... johnny be horrify . dizzy be suddenly stand next to he . dizzy aw , johnny , geez ... it 's home . official voice the Federal Court meet moment ago and vote unanimously for mobilization to destroy the arachnid threat . johnny set he jaw , turn and run for the c.o. 's office . 90 int c.o. be office - day - the c.o : and zim and other staffer watch the grim news unfold . animation illustrate the insect treachery . official voice the meteor derive from here , near klendathu , in the arachnid 's home system ... zim I be serious , sir . I will go anywhere . I want combat . c.o. forget it , Zim . we be gonna need you here . the only way you will get a combat assignment be if you bust yourself to private . you get I ? zim yes , sir , I get you . c.o . what can I do for you , Rico ? johnny Sir , I wish to reconsider my request to drop out , sir . c.o. sorry , son . I can not do it . you sign the 1240 / a . it would be illegal . johnny Sir , i know it be wrong . I do not learn from one mistake and I make another , sir . ( then ) Sir , my family ... my whole family be in Buenos Aires , sir . Zim pick up johnny 's 1240 / a off the c.o. 's desk . zim be that you signature , Rico ? johnny Sir , yes it be , sir . zim do not look like it to I . Zim give the c.o. a look . the c.o. shrug , turn away , watch the news of the come war . Zim tear up the 1240 /a . zim get outa here , private . 91 from the federal net - humankind goe to war ! actual picture of Buenos Aires : survivor pick through rubble , people wail , kid play tag in the ruin . official voice out of the ash of Buenos Aires come first sorrow , then anger ! angry person the only good bug be a dead bug ! official voice would you like to know more ? 92 combat - victory on dantana ! a wounded cap trooper , grim smile , flash " V " for victory as he weary comrade carry he off the field . official voice cap trooper establish a foothold on dantana , a planet system at the outer edge of the arachnid quarantine Zone . casualty be high , but casualty will not stop the mobile infantery ! would you like to know more ? 93 home front - kide kill bug and mom be glad ! mom smile as she cute kide stomp insect in the garden . factory worker turn out ordnance . people line up to enlist . official voice everyone 's do they share . be you ? the war effort need you effort at work , at home , in you community . would you like to know more ? 94 leadership - sky marshall announce offensive ! sky marshall diene , 72 , address the federal council . sky marshall diene we be a generation command by fate to defend humankind ! we must meet the threat with we valor , we blood , with we very life , to insure that human civilization , not insect , dominate this galaxy now and always . the council rise to its foot for a stand ovation . official voice Sky Marshall diene announce plan for a offensive against klendathu , source of the bug meteor that destroy Buenos Aires . 95 live broadcast - aqz - fleet battle station ticonderoga be a sprawling pre-fab structure cover several square kilometer of space where starship be stack in berth . Super title : countdown to victory . official voice we now break net and take you live to fleet Battle Station ticonderoga deep inside the arachnid quarantine Zone . 96 int battle station - night cycle - the camera follow the Net correspondentas he work a corridor crowded with mobile infantery and fleet personnel . net correspondent no one here in the aqz know when the invasion of kendathu will occur , but everyone 's talk about it , and the talk say tomorrow ! newly mint cap troopres johnny , dizzy , Ace , and kitten Smith happen along . net correspondent here 's a bunch of m.i. kid who look like they eat bug for lunch ! dizzy yum , yum yum ...! net correspondent so you be not to worried about fight the arachnid ...? ace hey , shoot a nuke down a bug hole , lotta dead bug , be I right ? kitten smith I just hope it 's not over before we get in it ! net correspondent some say the bug be provoke by human attempt to colonize within the aqz , that a " live and let live " policy be preferable to war with the bug ... johnny yeah , well , I be from Buenos Aires , and I say kill them all ! 97 int recreation deck - night cycle - johnny and he friend drink at a crowded bar . around the room there 's sing and dance , a mad sort of revelry breed of fear and excitement , but nearby a veteran drink alone . kitten smith that guy 's be in it . johnny how can you tell ? kitten smith the eye . he 's get the 1000 meter stare . he 's hard and humorless , all wise up . Ace admire he laser CUT tattoos . dizzy eye he skull and crossbone earring . ace great scar . dizzy I like the jewelry . hey , amigo , where can I get a earring like yours ? veteran Port Joe Smith , Outer ring , dantana ... every time I come back from a drop , my gunny give I a bone . I get three now . you do not see a lot of guy with three . johnny waht 's it like ... combat ? veteran I guess it 's not so bad . I mean as long as you do not get any on you . kitten smith get any what on you ? veteran oh , you will know when it happen . see you on the bounce . the veteran pay he tab and head out . ace I say we all go to the laser parlor and get cut together . johnny what do I want with a scar ? dizzy what , you skin 's too pretty ? c'mon , everyone 's do it ! carmen ( v.o. ) hey johnny ! johnny Rico ! johnny look up and see carmen . she llok graet in uniform with the hat and the lieutenant 's bar on she shoulder . johnny carmen ... ? johnny remember himself , snap to attention , salute . dizzy and the other follow suit . carmen salute back , sheepish . carmen oh ... at ease . guess I oughta lose the hat when I be off duty , eh ? dizzy , disgust , turn back to Ace and kitten Smith . carmen tuck she hat under she arm . her hair be very short . johnny what happen to you hair ? carmen what do you think ? everyone do it when we get we wing . you do not like it , do you ? johnny it 's alright , I guess . you hear from anyone make it out of B.A. alive ? carmen shake she head , sadly . carmen it 's funny . sometimes I forget . then it hit I , and I can not stop cry . johnny I try just to be happy I be still alive . carmen you do not look very happy to see I . johnny should I be ? carmen johnny ... life be so different from the way it be . one day you will see what I do be best for both of we . Zander leave a group of fleet officer to join they . zander everything coposetic , Lieutenant ? carmen Zander , you remember johnny ? Zander and I be a flight team now . Zander put he arm around carmen , give she a squeeze . zander best in the fleet ! johnny I get it . this be the part that 's best for both of we . do not do I anymore favor , eh ? johnny turn to leave . carmen johnny , wait ... zander forget it , carmen . the mobile infantery do a thankless , dirty job , so they naturally tend to be short - tempere , thoughtless and rude . johnny turn back to face Zander . johnny you get something to say about the mobile infantery ? zander you hear I . wanna make something out of it , private ? johnny not with a officer , no , sir . the m.i. do not mint stupid cap trooper . everyone can see what 's about to happen . a circle be form , fleet on one side , mobile infantery on the other . zander let 's disregaed rank ... everybody hear that ? rank be not a issue here . carmen Zander , please ... let 's go ! Zander take off he hat . zander it 's alright . what 's he gonna do ? wham ! johnny punch he right in the nose . Zander go down , bleed . Ace and kitten Smith grab johnny . ace whoa , easy there , buddy ... Nice punch . Zander stagger to he foot , ready to fight , but fleet officer pull he back . carmen look at johnny , the hate in he eye , the blood on he fist . carmen what 's wrong with you ? johnny hey , it 's just a vestigal response to procreation ... bitch . carmen turn away , stung . johnny immediately regret . dizzy , for she part , could not be happier . dizzy forget it , johnny . cap trooper and fleet be not mean to mix ! 98 int laser parlor - night cycle - johnny grind he tooth as a laser mount on a robot arm finish slice a intricate pattern into he arm . johnny it hurt ...! dizzy , Ace , and kitten Smith awtch , grin , pass a bottle . Ace pour booze directly into the fresh wound . ace no , this hurt . johnny yaaaaaaaa ! kitten smith well , here 's to it ! we be gonna fightn , and we be gonna win ! they put they arm side by side . each have a similiar scar : lightn bolt on a shield and the word : death from above . ace mobile infantery rule ! johnny death to all bug ! dizzy do not get any on you ! 99 ext klendathu - from space - fleet starship of every class maneuver in tight orbit around the orange planet . the " mobile infantery anthem " play loke holst , pound and relentless . the invasion have begin ! 100 int bull run - drop room - johnny and he platoon , wear fully armed marauder power suit , wait to drop with other cap trooper . they mood be grim . lieutenant willy , 35 , easy - go and confident , enter . ace Officer on deck ! everyone snap to attention . lo. willy at ease . alright ... we get hot poop straight from the top : willy 's wildcat be in with the first wave . means more bug for we to kill ... this do nothing to break the tension . Lt. willy reassure . lo. willy now if you follow order and remember you training , I guarantee you will make it back alive . any question ? there be none . lo. willy alright ... next we get a little last minute briefing from military intelli- gence I think you be gonna like ... the briefingplays on " head up " display and the ready room screen . a captive bug warrior click and shriek as federal scientist torture it . the trooper cheer . official voice everyday Federal scientist be look for new way to kill bug and you can help ... the head scientist turn and speak to camera . it 's Carl . johnny and dizzy share a amaze grin , notice a difference in they old friend , something that speak of ... authority . carl to defeat the enemy , we must know the enemy . take for instance you basic arachnid warrior . minimal iq , armored , completely lethal . you can blow a limb off ... Carl pick up apulse gun and blow one of the bug leg off . the insect scream . carl ... and it 's still 86 % combat effec-tive . but here 's a tip : aim for the nerve stem and put it down for good . Carl fire again . the bug kick and squeal as it die . Carl toss the pulse gun aside . carl now while you be out kill bug , we want you to be we eye and ear . the bug use some kind of plasma burst to divert meteor and aim they toward Earth . we need to know how they do this . if you encounter any plasma , report it immediately to you superior . good luck and good hunt ! the briefing end as klaxon sound . p.a. ( o.s. ) this be the Captain speak . all personnel prepare for drop . we be at D minus three and count . lo. willy move out ! johnny and the other trooper climb into capsule on the port track . dizzy give he " thumb up " . the capsule seal as it move with the other down the fire tube . 101 int capsule - johnny get the shake as the capsule bump and boom toward the fire tube . Lt. willy appear on the " head up " display . lt . willy smash the entire area , kill anything that have more and a couple leg , and do not any of you loafer come back aboard with unexpend bomb . get I ? johnny ET al yes , sir ! FIRE control ( o.s. ) five second ... sweat roll down he face , hyperventilation ... wham ! 102 ext space - klendathu orbit - silver capsule stream toward klendathu from the rear tube starship of bull run . we move down the line past mannerheim , dauntless , George Marshall , and yamamoto to the rodger Young . 103 int rodger young - command and control - carmen hold rodger Young in tight maneuver . suddenly , a burst of blue bug plasma rip past the starboard bow . carmen plasma , mar 'am ... from the planet . deladier bug battery ... accord to military Intelligence , it will be random and light . Drop status ? zander Drop be 35 % complete , mar 'am . two more burst of bug plasma streak past . deladier steady as she go , number 1 . 104 ext klendathu - high atmospere - night - the capsule burn when they hit atmosphere , outer skin tear away in big silver sheet . 105 int capsule - night - johnny take in entry data from the head up display . guidance computer ( v.o. ) ... surface in twenty - fivr second ... lz have be identify ... beacon be in place ... 106 int rodger young - command and control - carmen watch nervously as deadly burst of bug plasma fill the heaven around the battle group . below , the surface of klendathu fairly bistles with outgo defensive fire . deladier this be not random or light . someone make amistake ...! zander that 's it , we be empty mar 'am ! out the front screen , a blast from below hit George Marshall amidship and it reel into yamamoto . both starship begin to burn . deladier someone make a big goddam mistake ! get we out of here , number 1 ! carmen dodge past burn ship , avoid collision with dauntless , and then ka - wham ! they be hit . carmen fly out of she station and into camera hard . 107 ext klendathu - cloud layer - night - the second skin tear away . johnny be sit on air . guidance computer ( v.o. ) ... surface in fifteen second ... deploy chute now ... the chute pop . across the sky , light by outgo bug plasma , he can see hundred of cap trooper in order row drift down into the cloud layer . it 's quiet in the cloud , then : 108 ext klendathu - night - from the AIR - johnny look down as he pass out of the cloud and see the battlefield . plasma blast exploode into the sky . thousand of bug boil out of the ground to defend against the invader . guidance computer ( v.o. ) ... surface in five ... four ... three ... johnny burn he chute off , drop the last hundred foot and land on the bounce . 109 ext klendathu - night - johnny' Pov - the flash pulse of bug battery , scream voice on the com , concussion shaking the ground . none of it compare to the sound of he own racing heartbeat . Lieutenant willy shout . lieutenant willy up there on the ridge ! we will nuke that bug position from theaaaaaaaa ! a hopper ( a airborne arachnid warrior with powerful rear leg and " pop out " wing for glide ) land on Lieutenant willy and crack he head like a nut . ace kill it ! johnny and Ace open fire , back away . pulse round tear it apart , bug gut gush . johnny Lieutenant 's buy the farm . where 's the sarge ...? ace I do not see he ! now come a flood of worker building ever advance fortification , and with they , hundred of deadly arachnid warrior . kitten smith here they come ...! dizzy Ace , what be we do ? ace I uh ... uh ... dizzy and the other open fire simultanously . the whole area go white hot in the magnesium flash of so many pulse cannon . shujumi fire wildly at advance insect . shujumi you want some ? here 's some ! c'mon ! johnny do not waste you ammon on the worker ! shujumi can not hear . a warrior find he , rip he leg off , hurl he back into the wait jaw of the oncoming bug . shujumi aaaaaaaaaaaa ! he fight , scream . a claw reach for he face , rip the top of he head off . katrina let 's get out of here ! now the ground open behind she and a huge ( 6 meter ) tanker bug lumber out of the ground , it 's funnel - shape snout extrude above multiple eye . dizzy look out ! the tanker bug spray and hit Katrina . she scream , as she leg melt out from under she . katrina aaaaaaaaaaaaa ! Warrior converge to feed on she . Ace want to help she , but johnny block he . johnny c'mon , Katrina be right . we gotta get out of here ! 110 ext klendathu - night - johnny and the other survivor on the bounce . the entire surface of klendathu seem to be churn with insect as more and more bug come to the surface to repel the invasion . johnny it 's a general retreat ! the boat be come down . they come to the rear line where the Net correspondent and he cameraman be do live coverage of the invasion . net correspondent we have just land here on what cap trooper be call the " Big k " with the 6th mobile infantery division . it 's a ugly planet , a bug planet , a planet hostile to life as we kow igkkkkk ! the correspondent be cut in half by a warrior . johnny blow it away . johnny c'mon , let 's go ! on the bounce ! the cap trooper move out . kitten Smith look up as a purple beacon streak acroos thry sky . kitten smith I can see the beacon ...! ace retrieval ! a hopper pounce on kitten smithm , and he go down scream . johnny kitten ! johnny touch down , stare in horror as kitten Smith 's head roll past he fee . johnny open up with he pulse cannon . the hopper attack , put a claw right through johnny 's thigh . johnny aaaaaaaaaaaaa ! crush jaw close around he , crush , cut he flesh . johnny bring the muzzle of the pulse gun under the hopper 's nerve stem and splat ! blow its head apart . dizzy johnny ! johnny ! where be you ? johnny ! johnny ...! but dizzy can not find johnny , and soon she 's lose in the smoke . johnny look down at the terrible hole in he leg where bright arterial blood gush . johnny medic ... medic ...! now two more arachnid warrior close in on he through the envelop smoke . he fire he pulse rifle empty , and drop it , crawl desperately , drag he useless leg . johnny oh , God ... oh , God , help I ... please help I ...! a third arachnid warrior rear up in front of he , deadly jaw slashing down toward he , when suddenly it be blow to piece in the blind blast of a point- blank pulse cannon . voice ( o.s. ) take my hand ! johnny reach out . a steel hand take he , drag he back as bug attack . his rescuer 's pulse cannon thunder overhead . bug part fly as insect swarm in for the kill . fade out 111 from the federal net - 100 , 000 dead in one hour ! actual picture of the battlefield , man and insect lie dead together on the blood drench plain of klendathu . official voice crsisis for humankind ! fleet official admit they underestimate the arachnid 's defensive capability . would you like to know more ? 112 sky marshall resigns ! retire Sky Marshall diene salute income sky marshall tehat meru , 75 , bfore a gather of the Federal Council . official voice accept responsibility for klendathu , Sky Marshall diene resign . his successor , Sky Marshall tahat meru , outline she new strategy . sky marshall meru until we understand the bug better , we must proceed with caution ... we can ill afford another klendathu . 113 scientist suspect mysterious brain bug ! federal scientist display a organizational chart of the arachnid species top by a question MARK . official voice to explain the intelligent military action of the arachnid , Federal scientist postulate the existence of a leadership caste ... brain bug ! 114 sometime love one die for a good reason ! name scroll by designate kia , wia , and mia accordingly . official voice families oof that who have die or become incapacitate by Federal service be entitle to benefit ! if you see the name of a love one , please do not call . a federation official will call you . would you like to know more ? 115 ext fleet battle station ticonderoga - the rodger young limp to port , a huge chunk rip out of its mid-section . although stable , she fly invert . carmen ( o.s. ) ticonderoga , this be rodger Young request approach vector ... ticonderoga c&amp ; C ( o.s. ) affirmative , rodger Young ... one zero zero niner five two ... welcome back . 116 int rodger young - command and control - zander and carmen stare at the battle - scare starship and burnt - out hulk that line the dock of ticonderoga . carmen you know , we be lucky to be alive . a bloody bandage wrap carmen 's head . Zander nod grimly . 117 int rodger young - gangway - the dead body of crewmen and cap troopers be be off - load via conveyer belt . Zander and carmen make they way up the steep companionway beside the ghastly conveyer belt . zander give I hand , willya ? carmen take he hand . Zander kiss she . zander I be think . maybe we should get marry , carmen . carmen you be not think ... you be dream ! zander if we be gonna be a team , why not be a real team ? carmen there 's a war on . I want a command , I want my own ship , you do , too ... zander so ? carmen so who 's get time to get marry ? carmen let he hand go and leap through the hatch . Zander fall back onto the conveyer belt , find himself eyeball - to - eyeball with a horribly maim trooper , scramble to get off . 118 int battle station ticonderoga - common area - zander join carmen in the crowded common area where dead body compete for space with wounded await triage . Survivors watch casualty list scroll ba on a Federal Net terminal . zander fleet encourage marriage among flight officer . you would probably get a promotion out of it . carmen funny ... zander I be not kid . Marriage be - carmen no , funny there 's almost no wounded at all . zander hey , bug do not take prisoner . carmen look at the word at the Net terminal : would you like to know more ? she bite she lip , enter johnny 's name . in a instant , she have the news : rico , JOHN D . - kia carmen oh no . tear fill she eye . zander carmen ...? carmen Excuse I ...! she rush away . Zander look at johnny 's name on the screen , shrug , press the erase button . 119 int ticonderoga - corridor - zander find carmen , sagging against a wall , weepimg . zander I be sorry , carmen . carmen please , I ... everybody 's lose someone by now . this should not be any different ... Zander put a arm around she . she hold on tight . carmen no , I ... oh , Zander , I be a fool . zander you be upset , that 's alright . Zander kiss she hair . tear roll down she face . carmen no , do not you see ? no one can wait for anything anymore ... you be right ... we should get marry ... Zander hold carmen as she sob , feel lucky . dissolve to : 120 int stasis tank - day cycle - johnny' body float , suspend in fluid , mouth hang open , he skin white as death . a low underwater knocking wake he . he open he eye and see Ace and dizzy outside the tank . Ace hold up a kia list , point at johnny 's name , laugh : Rico , John V - kia . they voice be distant and garble . dizzy cup she hand against the side of the tank . dizzy two more day . johnny 's wound be now mostly scar except for he leg where delicate robotic arm culture layer of new tissue . johnny give a weak thumb up . the knock sound continue . johnny turn . a steel hand tap the side of the tank . johnny grin , astonished . the man wear it be he former high school teacher , now a Lieutenant , Jean rasczak . 121 ext space - aqz - a battle group consist of starship , they tender , freighters and other supply craft . 122 int troop transport - m.i. quarter - johnny stow he gear along with Ace and dizzy . acroos the room , a collection of battle - harden vet check out the newcomer . ace dizzy say you two know this rasczak character in Buenos Aires ... johnny he be we teacher ... he be great . ace yeah , well , I hear he 's a real nutbuster . dizzy the roughnecks kill more bug than any other outfit in 2nd Brigade ... only take 15 % casualty on Big k . they size up the roughnecks . there be scar , power prosthetics , and one , big sugar watkins , 26 , wear a bug claw on a chain around he neck . johnny see as how we be about all that 's leave of 1st Brigade , you would have to call that a improvement . ( to sugar watkin ) you top kick ? sugar watkins be you kid ? they always get kill . you want the job ? johnny I would not mind . corporal birdie , 24 , turn , give johnny the once over . birdie I would . Nice earring . dizzy look she over . not too big , but she 's tough . dizzy where you be besides Big k ? birdie Outer ring . Zegema Beach . johnny I always want to go to Zegema Beach . sugar watkins good luck . it 's not there anymore . ace be you Lieutenant as bad as they say ? Birdie belt he , and Ace go down . birdie no one talk about the Lieutenant that way . he save my life ! Ace jump up , ready to fight , but other roughnecks block he . sugar watkins mine , too . other roughnecks same for I ... I , too ... johnny and dizzy shrug . Ace 's on he own . ace sound like he be quite a guy . sergeant gillespie , 28 , step into the room . gillespie attention ! everyone snap to . rasczak enter . rasczak this be for you new people . I only have two rule . rule one , everyone fight . rule two , no one quit . if you do not do you job , I will kill you myself . do you get I ? johnny , dizzy and ace we get you , sir ! he point at johnny 's earring with he steel hand . rasczak get rid of the jewelry . I hate it . welcome to the roughnecks . birdie rasczak 's roughnecks ! the roughnecks cheer . rasczak smile vaguely . rasczak alright . there 's a new Sky Marshall and a new plan . we be gonna clean out the system outly klendathu one planet at a time . tomorrow we hit tango urilla . after fleet glass the planet , m.i. mop up . 123 ext tango urilla - day - bug warrior stand sentry on earthwork that tower the entrance to they colony where a endless line of worker enter bear foodstuff appropriate to this exotic jungle planet . a distant sound . a warrior look up , curious . suddenly a formation of tac fighter scream down from high orbit and a white hot nuclear firestorm burn consume the landscape . bug scream as they twist and kick in the wall of flame . heat melt the dirt into dark glass . ash turn the sky red . the out of the smoke come rasczak and he roughnecks . rasczak spread out , team of three . when you locate a bug hole , secure it , gas it , and close it . 124 ext tango urilla - flat - day - tac fighter streak by overhead . on the ground , johnny , dizzy and Ace be on the bounce . Ace spot a bug hole where worker and warror have break through the glass surface . ace there . rocket take out warrior . bug gut go fly . dizzy set worker on fire . johnnx and Ace step over burn bug carcass to the rim of the hole and fire they gas round . johnny Fire in the hole ! johnny drop a h.e. round , and they be in the air when the explosion collapse the entrance to the bug city . birdie ( o.s. ) you new guy over there ... we could use some help ... 125 ext tango urilla - mountain - bug boil out of the ground . Birdie , sugar watkin and other roughnecks be about to be overrun when johnny touch down wuth Ace and dizzy . johnny look like you have get a little bug problem , mar 'am ... birdie Stow it , trooper . give it verything you have get ! the cao trooper let the bug have it , but the insect keep come , the live crawl over the dead , and now , trudging up out of the ground , come a tanker bug . johnny watch out ! the tanker bug start to spray , create a toxic perimeter around the hole . rasczak arrive just as Birdie take a chemical hit , fall to ground minus a arm , scream . birdie aaaaaaaaaaaaa ! johnny jump , landing behind the tanker bug in the mouth of the hole . it turn with surprising speed . johnny flip up onto its back , crack its armor with he pulse cannon . rasczak sugar , in for pick up ! rasczak and sugar watkin pull Birdie to safety . johnny fire a rocket into the hole he 's make in the tanker bug 's back , and jump clear . ka - whap ! the big bug explode . rasczak Gas that hole and close it ! the roughnecks fire gas rocket into the bug hole . johnny touch down beside rasczak . rasczak where would you learn to do that , soldier ? johnny uni High Tigers , sir . do not you remember ? I be captain of the team . rasczak I be not interested in nostalgia , Rico , I need a corporal . you be it until you be dead or I find someone better . rasczak turn away , give Birdie prosthetic thump up as she be carry past to meet a arrive skimmer . rasczak do not worry , Birdie , you next arm come with a factory guarantee ! dizzy and Ace gather around johnny , clap he on the back . dizzy Way to go , amigo ! johnny I be gonna need a squad leader . ace no way . Big k teach I I be not executive material . johnny what about it , diz ? dizzy ( a snappy salute ) look like I be you girl , sir . tac fighter reel by over head . womp ! suddenly , bug plasma shoot skyward from the flatland below . several tac fighter be blow out of the air . flaming debris rain down . rasczak saddle up , roughnecks . that 's we trash ! roughnecks head out on the bounce . 126 ext tango urilla - ridge - day - johnny and the other look down a sheer cliff on the bug battery , a char circular pit some ten meter across . Inside , something be move . johnny what kind of stinkin ' bug be that ? johnny jump the magnification on he " head up " . down in the pit , a giant translucent plasma bug rear out of one of the subterranean tunnel that ring the battery . sugar watkins you never see how they do it before ? johnny shake he head . swollen breeder bug gather around the plasma bug to inject it with they catalytic jelly . ace agghh ! it 's make I sick ...! the plasma bug writhes in pain and begin to swell , color change from yellow to blue in accordance with some violent internal chemical reaction . sugar watkins it 's gonna pop ! womp ! the plasma bug explode in its cauldron . a blast of bug plasma streak past they towards the heaven . now a new plasma bug crawl into the pit to begin the cycle anew . gillespie Sir , look ! sergeant gillespie point . a hole open near the battery and dozen of warrior rampage out of the ground and up the cliff face toward the roughneck position . rasczak we must be right over the colony . let 's get some air support , eh ? gillespie yes , sir ! fleet , this be roughneck patrol , over ...? rasczak move off down the line give order . rasczak corporal , I want pulse cannon there and there ! rifle team , spread out along the ridge ! sugar , bring up that flame thrower ! gillespie fleet 's pull the battle group back to safe distance ... they would like we to knock out that battery , sir . rasczak they would rather spend we life than risk they ship . who 's get the nuke ? dizzy that would be I , sir . rasczak heat it up . dizzy activate a tactical nuke . it make a distinctive highpitched squeal . rasczak roughnecks , you may fire at will . the roughnecks open fire . bug be blow to piece but they keep climb . a warrior breech they line . sugar watkin torch it . the nuke 's ready light flash . dizzy I be hot , sir ! rasczak FIRE ! blast shield down ! johnny blow a warrior away from the edge . dizzy lean over and fire . the rocket streak down toward the battery . rasczak hit the dirt ! a explosion in the two kiloton range turn the world black and white . when color return johnny and the other look down on the smolder crater which be once the bug battery . gillespie now come the part I hate the most . johnny what 's that ? gillespie we go down into the colony and make sure all the queen be dead . 127 int tunnel - day - the roughnecks fight they way down gass - out tunnel into bug city . they meet warror at every turn and kill they . helmet lamp make weird shadow of dead bug pile everywhere along the way . sugar watkins you know the Lieutenant before the war ... what be he like ? johnny he be a teacher , kind of a know it all ... always have this little smile . sugar watkins geez , I do not think I have ever see he smile . johnny must fill you bottle up real quick when you wife and kid get smear . johnny join rasczak , Ace and dizzy and they blow away several warrior guard the entrance of a large chamber . 128 int bug nursery - day - the queen be eight meter long with corpulent body and tiny head . only one survive , and though she be herself die , she abdomen , ripple by life within , continue to undulate . johnny all dead except one , sir . rasczak kill the bitch . johnny yes , sir . johnny signal . dizzy 's pulse cannon rip open the die queen . thousands of wriggle premature bug come spilling out . horrify , knee - deep roughnecks set they afire . 129 ext tango urilla - base camp - day - fleet engineer unload pre - fab barracks from hercule cargo boat . roughnecks eat . rasczak stand , bang a spoon on he mess kit . rasczak tango urilla be now bug free . means the roughnecks have kill a helluva lotta bug ...! roughnecks cheer . rasczak kick open a cargo module . beer keg rool out . he kick open a second module . Inside , musical instrument . Ace pick up a violin . rasczak I expect the best , but I give the best . habve some fun . that 's a order ! 130 ext base camp - night - later - ace lead a little quartet , play a sweet fiddle . roughnecks laugh and dance . dizzy try to pull johnny into the fun . dizzy c'mon ... johnny Nah , I do not do that anymore ... dizzy you use to dance ... johnny I say no . want I to pull rank ? dizzy well , excuse I , sir ... dizzy head back to the other . johnny turn and find rasczak regard he with a odd , sad smile . rasczak yopu ask I some advice once , Rico . want some now ? johnny yes , sir ... rasczak never pass up a good thing , eh ? gillespie appear . gillespie Lieutenant , Brigade 's on the com ... rasczak head away . johnny join dizzy . johnny hey , diz ... dizzy what ? johnny take she hand , bow implishly . johnny May I have the honor ? he pull she out among the other and they begin to dance . Ace watch with a grin , put some spirit in he fiddle . 131 int communications - night - rasczak be in holo conference with a intelligence officer intelligence officer at 0821 we receive a distress call from Planet p , priority code , request reinforcement ... rasczak I think 4th brigade clean out P. intelligence officer Owen report the eradication of a low generation colony a month ago . that 's why micom want onsite assessment . rasczak sound more like some idiot at military Intelligence Command want to get I and my cap trooper kill ... the Intelligence Officer redden . intelligence officer take you group down to p and have a look see . leave the think to we , Lieutenant . that 's not you job . rasczak my job be to protect the life of my soldier so they can kill bug , Major , and if you be walk I into a trap - intelligence officer bug do not lay trap ... they be not intelligent ! unlike you , they be stupid enough to follow order ! voice ( o.s. ) that will be all , Major . dismiss . the Intelligence Officer disappear abruptly . a new hologram appear . rasczak 's jaw drop . it 's he former student Carl Jenkins , now a Colonel , weary and piss off . carl this conference be over . do you duty , Lieutenant . that 's a order . rasczak recover , salute stiffly . rasczak yes , sir . 132 int pre - fab sleeping unit - day - johnny and dizzy be make love . the door pop open . rasczak stand there . dizzy duck under the cover . johnny manage a salute . rasczak corporal , the roughnecks be move out for Planet p immediately . get yourself square away and report to gillespie for logistic . johnny yes , sir ! rasczak who 's that with you ? dizzy show herself , grin . rasczak report in ten minute . rasczak slam the door shut on they . they fall back into one another arm , laugh as they resume lovemake . dizzy Planet p ? what kind of name be that ? johnny they run out of name a long time ago in this part of the galaxy . 133 ext planet p - bad land - day - the roughnecks move through canyon of tower wind - carve rock formation . gillespie carry the communication package . gillespie I do not understand it , Lieutenant . it 's not get anything from 4th Brigade ... not even they transponder . rasczak keep try , sergeant . 134 ext canyon floor - continuing - day - the roughnecks walk in a column far below . something be watch from the above ... hoppers , lot of they , move from rock to rock for better position . 135 ext canyon floor - continuing - day - ace see something out of the corner of he eye . johnny bug ...! the hopper hit . several roughnecks go down . everyone open up . dive -bomb bug be blow to bit . roughnecks set they on fire when they hit the ground . dizzy johnny , watch out ! a burn bug hurl itself at johnny . johnny jump out of the way as dizzy fire , blow it apart . the deadly hopper seem to be everywhere above they in the rock . rasczak let' go ! on the bounce ! 136 ext flat land - day - the roughnecks move out into the open . in the distance they see 4th Brigade hq , a wall compound and partially construct landing pad . rasczak gillespie , put in call for retrieval . we be off this rock . gillespie , do you read I ? gillespie aaaaaaaaaaa ! two hopper be pull gillespie up into the rock where other bug join to feast . rasczak throw a rifle ! dizzy toss she morita to rasczak . gillespie writhes in the hopper 's claw . rasczak fire , kill gillespie . rasczak I expext any one here to do the same for I ... Rico , watkin , Flores , levy prepare for rear guard action . the rest of you make for 4th Brigade . johnny and the other cover the roughneck retreat as hopper soar down on the flat land from the canyon wall . rasczak FIRE ...! johnny and the other blast bug out of the air . rasczak fall back 100 meter ...! a second wave of hopper come in . rasczak and FIRE ...! for now , the sky be clear . rasczak 4 th brigade hq ! on the bounce ! 137 ext 4 th brigade hq - day - the outpost be 50 meter by 100 , standard issue pre-fab . the roughnecks land on the compound wall . Inside , worker bug graze on the remain of 200 dead cap trooper strewn over the complex . rasczak jeez , Command really humped the bunk on this one ... rasczak turn away . roughnecks engage in the sport of methodically kill the worker . rasczak Rico , you be act sergeant now . my last sergeant lose the com pack . put together a search team and find the radio shack . we need retrieval . johnny yes , sir . 138 int 4 th brigade hq - office complex - day - johnny survey the aftermath of the last stand with rasczak , insect and human dead everywhere . dizzy ( o.s. ) it 's here , sir . 139 int comminication - day - rasczak and johnny enter the radio room . a dead major be slump over the console with hole in the back of he head . johnny check the equipment . it ' dead , too . johnny diz , see what you can do . dizzy I be on it ! dizzy go to work . rasczak check the wound in the back of the dead major 's head . rasczak what 's that look like to you , Rico ? johnny look like a bug be in he brain , sir . ace ( o.s. ) Lieutenant , I think you be gonna wanna see this , sir . 140 int mess hall - day - a bug hole in the middle of the floor be surround by carnage . ace dirty bug come in right when they be have chow ! rasczak Gas that hole and seal it . then they hear a sound . tap tap tap . rasczak signal for quiet . tap tap tap tap . it 's come from the kitchen . 141 int kitchen - day - the roughnecks enter cautiously . the noise be come from a freezer . Ace stand ready to fire . johnny lever open the door , jump back as general owen , 60 , tumble out face first . ace Officer on the deck , sir . rasczak pick up the general ! roughnecks prop he up . General Owen try to talk , but no word come out . rasczak bend down to listen . general owen get out ... you gotta get I out ...! rasczak General Owen , sir ? the old man grin , hugely relieved . general owen at ease , Lieutenant . thank God for you , for all of you ... this be grand ... so where 's the boat ? 142 int communications - hallway - day - johnny and rasczak help the old General , now wrap in a blanket , rambling . general owen I be force to hide , of course . the security of the federation in this theater of operation be at stake ! johnny diz , what 's with the uplink ? dizzy lokk up from where she be work on the radio control . dizzy workin on it ...! general owen they get in you mind ... they make you do thing ! look here ... they do it to farley ...! he point at the hole of the dead major 's head . rasczak the distress call ... the bug want we to rescue you ...! general owen oh , you can be sure of it ! they be bide they time ... wait for the most opportune moment ! rasczak 's lose interest in the general . he 's on the com . rasczak to all roughnecks , this be rasczak . prepare for attack . repeat . we be go to be attack ...! general owen they be not gonna do it to I . oh no ! I know too many secret ! rasczak look at General Owen with contempt . sugar watkins ( o.s. ) Fire in the hole ! a explosion in the mess hall close the bug hole . 143 ext office complex - day - general owen blink as he step out into the light . roughnecks snap to attention . General Owen look at the carnage that be once he command and begin to keen , collapse to he knee . general owen oh God ...! my soldier ...! all of my boy and girl ...! the roughnecks be shocked . they have never see a general break down before . Lieutenant rasczak slap Owen hard . lo. rasczak shut up ! you soldier 's dead and you be not ! general owen I know ... I wish you would shoot I ... lo. rasczak I oughta ! and it look like rasczak just might , but just then Ace touch down next to johnny and rasczak . ace Lieutenant , we get trouble ! 144 ext rampart - day - rasczak and johnny join other stunne roughnecks to see thousand of bug on the march from every direction . bug battery open up in the distance . rasczak warm it all up ! everything you get ! levy , collect the big gun from the tower . watkin , put General Owen with the wounded . Rico , where 's my communication ? johnny what 's go on , diz ? dizzy ( o.s. ) I get power ! gimme a minute ! johnny run for the communication room . johnny we do not have a minute ! 145 int communications - day - dizzy have the board up . outside the battle have begin . nuke go womp ! and pulse gun chatter . dizzy what frequency ? johnny all band . dizzy roughneck patrol to battle group ... roughneck patrol to battle group ... rodger young ( o.s. ) this be rodger Young ... what 's go on down there ? we be take plasma ! we have orion p - 11 as clear ! johnny shut up , sir ! we need pick up now ! rodger young ( o.s. ) what be you position ? johnny landing zone be extremely hostile . come down on this transmission ! rodger young ( o.s. ) Inside 4th brigade compound ? that 's crazy ! johnny then I hope you have a crazy pilot ! keep the line open , dizzy ! johnny race out the door . 146 ext 4 th brigade hq - day - the compound be white hot as roughnecks on the wall unload nuke . johnny cross the compound , land next to rasczak on the wall . johnny Boat come down , sir ! the roughnecks stop fire as they run out of nuke . roughnecks I be empty ... all nuke out ... I , too ! johnny scan the battlefield . nuke have turn the surface into dark glass . now , out of the smoke , come the bug , steaming glass crack beneath million of march foot . ace jeez , we musta kill a million already ...! johnny not enough , I guess . sugar watkin see genera Owen in the compound below , stumbling aimlessly among he dead soldier . sugar watkins General ! general , stay with the wounded ... Sir , the general ...! rasczak ah , the hell with he ... hopper sweep into the compound . the roughnecks open fire . General Owen make easy picking for one that get through . rasczak fall back ... form a circle ! if no live bug come over that wall , we can not be harme . dizzy arrive on thry bounce as the roughnecks fall back into the compound . bug pile in over the wall . the circle afford they 360 degree of kill zone . rasczak Rico , Flores , watkin , levy ! we control the sky until retrieval ! johnny ET al yes , sir ! rasczak , sugar watkin , johnny and dizzy stand back - to-back in the center of the circle , sweeping the sky with the heavy gun from the tower . hopper be blow to piece . ace get low here , sir ! dizzy 300 round and count , sir ! rasczak make every shot count ! johnny look up . a retrieval boat hurtle down through burst of bug plasma , take a graze hit , rights itself with retros and land within the circle . roughnecks cheer , save ! rasczak sergeant , secure the boat ! johnny yes , sir ! roughnecks move to protect the boat . the hatch blow open . rasczak board the wounded ! Dead bug ring the compound wall , form ramp for live insect soldier to enter the compound in great number . rasczak move to retrieval on my command ! first group , now ...! the circle shrink as roughnecks fall back and board the boat . more and more bug pile in over the compound wall . rasczak alright , Flores ! levy ! Rico ...! suddenly , the ground collapse under rasczak . he fall in to he waist , vomit blood as something chew on he from below . rasczak aaaaaaaaaaaa ! johnny cover we , Ace ! Ace and the other fire from the boat . johnny and dizzy fire at the ground around rasczak . rasczak stop scream . they try to pull he free . johnny hit you jet , sir ! rasczak I can not my leg be go ... get on the boat ... the compund wall collapse . a wave of bug charge in . rasczak Rico , tell them to glass this goddam planet . I have never see so many bug upstairs at the same time ... johnny we be not leave you here , sir ! weakly , rasczak pick up he pulse gun , check the power . rasczak this be my farm . get on the boat , now ! that 's a order , sergeant . johnny give them hell , sir ! johnny and dizzy run for the boat . rasczak open fire , pick he shot , but soon the bug be all over he . rasczak c'mon you son of bitch ! there 's no bug alive can kill a real maaaaaaa ! at the boat , dizzy turn to look back at rasczak . a hopper swoops down on dizzy , it 's claw rip into she abdomen . dizzy aaaaaaa ! get it off I get it off get it off get it aaaaaaaaaa ! johnny blow the bug off she back . blood spray from a deep gash in she neck . johnny pick she up , try to stop the blood with he hand . the life be leave she eye . johnny hang on , diz ... do not die on I ... a tanker bug breach the break wall . Ace jump out to help he friend . the hatch close just as the tanker bug spray . the boat blast off , drip metal . 147 int cargo BAY - day - johnny hold dizzy in he arm , drench in she blood , fight G-forces as the boat head for orbit . dizzy I buy the farm , do not I , johnny ? johnny no , you be gonna be alright , diz ! dizzy it 's alright ' cause I get to have you , johnny ... medic push johnny aside , go to work on dizzy . 148 int boat - cockpit - day - johnny slam into the cockpit . out the front screen , violent burst of bug plasma fill the sky as they break atmosphere . johnny get on the com and tell fleet to glass that rock ...! the co-pilot turn around . it 's Zander . his eye narrow . zander on whose authority , corporal ? johnny this would be mine , sir . acting sergeant John Rico . I have assume command on this mission . the pilot turn around . it 's carmen . carmen johnny ...! I think you be dead ! johnny I be not , but alot of my soldier be . Glass the planet ! johnny leave . carmen punch up fleet Command . carmen rodger Young , this be inbound shuttle De ruyter with a official request from the mobile infantery to bombard Planet p - 11 ... 149 int boat - cargo BAY - day - johnny return to dizzy 's side as the medic struggle to save she . blood pour out of she mouth . her body thrashes . dizzy johnny heh heh can't heh breathe GOD johnny can't heh heh heh heh ...! dizzy die . a medic slap she . her head loll , mouth open , eye blank . they drop she and move on to the next casualty . johnny sit there , stunne . carmen enter from the cockpit . carmen negative on you request . fleet Command have the battle group on standby ... carmen see dizzy lie dead on the deck . carmen ... I be sorry . johnny we gotta choke on the mud and the blood and fleet can not be bother to spit . carmen no , I think something 's up . the Sky Marshall 's here . she point out for a view port . johnny look . Fifteen battle group , 100 ship strong , lay off Planet p , all of they dwarf by the Sky Marshall 's flagship , Buenos Aires . carmen I think you be kia , johnny ... johnny that be just a mix up . carmen you look so ... I do not know , you look like you have really be in it . johnny what happen to you eye ? carmen touch the scar over she eye . carmen almost get knock out of the sky over Big K. johnny I like it . it 's kinda ... you . 150 ext battle group - orion system - the boat land on the flight deck of the rodger Young in the midst of the flotilla . 151 int officer quarter - day cycle - zander enter , watch carmen dress . she hum as she check herself in the mirror , touch thry scar over she eye , smile . zander where be you go ? carmen a funeral . zander that girl who die on the way up ...his girl ? carmen yeah . zander how do you feel about he now ? carmen I do not know , Zander . zander I do . 152 int rodger young - gunnery deck - carmen enter as johnny speak . dizzy be laid out in dress gray . the survive roughnecks have gather to pay final respects . johnny dizzy buy the farm . she be my good friend , and frien be the best luck anyone get ... but in war , we must go on without we friend . we take with we they memory , and we be leave to wonder if there be meaning in they death . let I tell you what it be : dizzy bough the farm so we can keep on fight . several intelligence officer march into the bay . johnny Officer on deck ! everyone snap to attention . Colonel Carl Jenkins stride into the room . his eye be hollow , and he look grim . he return johnny 's salute , nod to carmen . carl please continue , sergeant . johnny dizzy would not want we tear . she would want we to remember she ... with a vengeance . so go out and kill a bug for dizzy . kill as many as you can . you be she revenge , and every bug you kill honors she death . johnny nod to the gunnery crew . they load dizzy 's body into a tube . johnny step back , salute dizzy . everyone salute . johnny womb to tomb , cap trooper ! roughnecks womb to tomb ! the crew chief fire the tube . out the viewport , a pulse of light disperse into space . the roughnecks file out . Carl approach . carmen take johnny and Carl by the hand . carmen well , look at this . the three of we back together again . johnny how be you , Carl ? carl johnny , I be sorry it have to be you unit on Planet p . that mission have a very low survival probability ... johnny bug laid a trap , do not they ? carl elegant proof of intelligence , be not it ? we think there might be a brain on P. carmen you know and you send they anyway ? carl a colony have to reach a certain size before it produce a Brain ... we think 300 generation . woulda too expensive to launch a operation if there be not a Brain ... Carl see the way carmen be look at he , like he 's a bug . carl you do not approve . well , too bad . we be in this for the species , boy and girl . it 's simple number , they have more , and everyday I have to make decision that send hundred of people like you to they death . johnny do not they tell you , Colonel ? that 's what cap troopres be good for . Carl allow himself a tiny smile . carl hope you be ready for more . we be go back to p to capture that Brain . johnny the roughnecks be always ready , sir . carl I hear they need a new Lieutenant ... want the job ? johnny I will take it ... until I get kill or you find someone better . klaxon sound . suddenly , everyone have someplace to go . carmen hope you get you Brain bug , Carl . carl it 's good to see you two . it remind I of the way thing be before ... Carl turn abruptly and head away . his entourage follow . carmen take care , wilya johnny ? johnny see you on the bounce ! 153 int rodger young - command &amp ; control - carmen step onto the bridge . there 's a new number 2 sit in Zander 's chair . she 's right out of tereshkova , and she look scared . carmen turn to Captain deladier . carmen where 's Lieutenant barcalow ? deladier he request a combat assignment . there 's always a need for experience pilot on the ground . I have no choice but to let he go ... he say you would understand . carmen bite she lip , take first chair . deladier feel bad for she , know she 's make a painful decision . 154 int rodger young - drop room - roughnecks be suite up . Ace enter . ace Officer on the deck ! roughnecks fall in . johnny step into the room . there be many new and much young face . johnny I only have two rule . rule one , everyone fight . rule two , no one quit . if you do not do you job , I will kill you myself . do you get I ? roughnecks we get you , sir ! johnny ( to Ace , sotto voce ) who be all this kid ? ace we get reinforce . most of them just get outa boot ... johnny we be the old man , Ace . 155 ext planet p - 4 th brigade hq - day - cargo ship have land . cap trooper set fire to huge pile of dead bug . bulldozer push body into a mass grave , among they rasczak . johnny walk past with he team . johnny we will take this high ground . lookout there and therte and up there . if the bug come upstairs in this neighbor-hood , we will be the first to know . ace get it . fleet tactical want to know where they can deploy the skimmer . johnny down there on the flat , eh ? listen up , roughnecks ! we primary objective be to assist we friend from the fleet ... roughnecks boo . johnny alright , cut it out . we will deploy from skimmer in team of six . if the bug open up a battery , we put it out of business . any question ? a hercule cargo boat hurtle out of the sky and land on the high ground johnny have intend forb he h.q. johnny scowl , march over to the boat and confront a fleet officer . johnny would 'ya mind move you boat ? fleet officer better talk to the boss . the cargo bay open to deploy fleet skimmer . Zander jump down to oversee the operation . johnny you be stand on my h.q. , Lieutenant ! zander this be a fleet -driven operation , son , and the fleet think my boat will be safer on the high ground . you can have everything else , eh ? johnny you hear the Sky Marshall ... move it all down - suddenly , in the distance , bug battery open fire , not one but twenty . Zander and johnny share a look of concern . zander rodger Young , prepare to receice outgo fire ...! ( to he crew chief ) I will take the first group . johnny saddle up , boy , that 's we trash ! 156 ext space - planet p orbit - bug plasma begin to take a toll on the battle group as the orbit ship lay they egg . cap trooper be sclice as they drop . 157 ext rodger young - bridge - captain deladier turn to carmen . deladier evasive action ! carmen dodge other starship , turn to she new number 2 . carmen prepare for warp ! new number 2 yes , mar 'am ! warp in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ...! ka - wham ! the rodger Young take a direct hit . 158 ext rodger young - planet p orbit - the rodger young be cut in two . the rear section explode , the forward section begin to burn towards the bridge . 159 int rodger young - bridge - captain deladier calmy evacuate the bridge . power fail and so do the gravity . carmen this be rodger Young , we be go down ... repeat , this be rodger Young , we be go down ...! deladier ibanez ... let be go ! 160 int rodger young - escape corridor - carmen and Captain deladier run for the lifepod . a explosion flip the corridor . Captain deladier 's leg be crush when a airlock close on she . deladier aaaaaaaaaaa ! carmen hit the release , pull she free . deladier push carmen away . deladier leave I , Lieutenant ! that 's a order ! carmen no way , mar 'am ! 161 int rodger young - life pod BAY - carmen push into the chaotic life pod bay . panicked crew shove , scream , fight . the ship pitch . they tumble , landing near a pod . carmen jump for it , pull deladier in after . 162 ext rodger young - planet p orbit - the rodger young disintegrate as lifepod shoot away toward the planet . 163 int lifepod - planet p orbit - carmen navigate through a graveyard of float wreckage , dead cap trooper , someone 's trombone . she set she beacon and the pod plummet downward . carmen mayday , mayday ! this be Lieutenant carmen ibanez in lifepod ry63 ... I be go in ... 164 ext planet p - base camp - day - roughnecks board the skimmer . Zander approach johnny , upset . johnny what 's you problem now , Lieutenant ? zander the rodger Young just burn up ... johnny 's face fall . johnny any survivor ? Zander point . Far in the distance , a glow pod plummet toward the planet . johnny track it on he " head up " . 165 int lifepod - atmosphere - day - carmen be shake violently as the pod hit atmosphere . 166 ext planet p - day - carmen' pod hit and go straight through the crust of Planet P. 167 int bug CITY tunnel - day - the pod come to rest . carmen blow the hatch , pull deladier out , grab a morita pulse rifle . tunnel lead in every direction . carmen this be Lieutenant carmen ibanez . be anyone receive ? 168 ext base camp - day - johnny grab the handset from Ace . johnny ( o.s. ) affirmative ! carmen , this be roughneck base camp ... what be you present location ? 169 int bug CITY tunnel - day - carmen see a warrior come at she from out of the shadow . carmen fire a burst and kill it . now there be two . carmen back up fire , but there be too many . carmen my present location be 42 degree South by 176 degree East ... situation be extremely hostile ... I ... aaaaaaaaa ! they have she . she put the barrel of the morita in she mouth , but a claw cut she trigger finger off at the knuckle . 170 ext planet p - roughneck base camp - day - johnny and Zander be horrify by what they hear . carmen ( o.s. ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! johnny we have gotta go get she ! zander you know as well as I do she 's probably already dead . johnny know it 's true , swallow bitterly , turn away . that 's when he see it . nearby , the ground shift , a claw break through , a hole open up and bug boil up out of the ground . sugar watkins here they come ! they turn and see a second bug hole open up . johnny we be outa here . Lieutenant , get you man into the skimmer . this real estate 's about to go buggy . zander hey , just calm down , I be give the order here - the entire area underneath the base camp collapse to form a huge new canyon . the hercules boat topple , crush skimmer and unfortunate fleet personnnel . 171 ext new canyon - day - johnny and the survive roughnecks pick themselves up . the be now 30 meter below the planet 's surface . above they , bug line the wide rim of the newly form canyon . johnny form a perimeter ! through the dust , expose bug tunnel can be see in the canyon wall and pile out of they by the score , deadly arachnid warrior . johnny throw Zander a pulse cannon . johnny make yourself useful , fly boy ... prepare to repel bug ! the roughnecks open fire at the charge bug horde . Warrior be blow to piece . Gas grenade fly and h.e. round close tunnel . a maim warrior get through and head for Zander . zander aaaaaaaaaaa ! johnny and Ace team up to blow it away . Zander take a deep breath , loos around , impressed . the roughnecks have kill a great many bug . johnny Ace , get on the com . tell fleet we need retrieval ... sugar , salvage some armor and suit up Lieutenant barcalow . sugar watkin toss a bloody jump boot he way . zander thanks . ace fleet Command say retrieval 's no go . the battle group 's at safe distance ... and we get another problem . Ace point out a tanker bug that 's be brough up to the rim . johnny see another . johnny look like they be gonna hose we down ... johnny chew on this . johnny alright ... listen up , roughnecks . we be gonna head west down through bug city , pick up any rodger Young survivor we run across , and join a company . get I ? roughnecks we get you , sir ! Zander , awkward in a power suit , confront johnny . zander what do you think you be do ? johnny I be gonna save carmen . zander that would mean a comlete disregard for the mission objective . they hang you for that , Rico . johnny yeah , that 's right . johnny and Zander stare each other down . zander let 's go . johnny move out . johnny start for the gape mouth of a expose bug tunnel and the other fall in behind he . ace bug hunt ! roughnecks bug hunt ! 172 int tunnel - day - johnny lead he deadly force through enemy territory . the roughnecks kill everything that get in they way . Zander lend he inexperienced hand . johnny Mr. barcalow , save power , do not waste it on worker ... Ace , tell aardvark we be on we way ... ace yes , sir ! Warrior appear in the tunnel behind they . johnny sugar , close the tunnel ...! sugar Fire in the hole ! sugar watkin fire a h.e. round and seal the tunnel . 173 int bug CITY - feeding pit - day - carmen open she eye . she can hear bug clicking . she 's in a pit fill with human dead . a nearby carcass wear a uniform from 4th Brigade off in the dark she hear human moaning . she crawl over rotting corpse toward the sound . the moan turn to scream . it 's come from outside the pit . she pull herself up to peer over the edge . 174 int bug CITY - the royal court - day - carmen see hundred of bug at work , warrior , worker and dozen of small ( 2 meter ) chariot bug . aworker walk pas , step on she , but pay she no attention . she see the source of the scream : Captain deladier be hold between two warrior , and she 's scream because of what she see , deladier naaaaaaaa ...! oh please ... the brain bug be huge ( 5 meter ) and pulpy . I have vestigial leg that cannot support ist weight , and so it must be move by a shifting carpet of chariot bug . deladier ... oh GOD aaaaaaaaaaaaa ...! a thorn - like palp unfold out of the brain bug and strike , drive deep into deladier 's head and suck she brain out . deladier aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! carmen watch horrify as deladier die . the suddenly a warrior grab she from above and drag she out of the pit . she scream as its claw slice into she limb . carmen aaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! now the brain bug come for she . she see the palp unfold , the thorn - like spike come toward she . carmen be no longer look for escape . all she want to do be die . suddenly , every bug in the chamber stop as though to listen . carmen hear it . a high - pitched squeal , get louder . johnny enter the chamber alone . the warrior move toward he . he hold up a nuke , source of the high -pitch tone . the ready light flash . the Brain bug emit a series of harsh click . the warrior freeze . johnny you know what this be ...? johnny make a explosive sound . the Brain bug slowly withdraw its palp . johnny sure you do ... you be a big fat smart bug , be not you ? johnny move toward carmen . the Brain bug 's multiple eye track he . the warrior hold carmen threaten . johnny turn on the brain bug , he finger on the nuke 's trigger . johnny I will take you with I . the Brain bug click . the warrior back off . carmen collapse . johnny reach for she . johnny take my hand ! chariot bug move the Brain bug down a hole . worker seal the hole behind it with amazing speed . johnny drag carmen back toward the tunnel he enter from . the warrior charge . johnny roughnecks ... now ! johnny throw himself on top of carmen as the roughnecks burst into the chamber , gun blaze . the fight be furious , point blank , deadly to bug and roughneck alike . sugar watkin scream as a warrior rip he arm off . Zander take a claw through the gut . zander aaaaaaaaaaaaa ! he blow it away , see he intestine hang out of the wound , shove they back inside and keep on fight . a warrior rear up over johnny and carmen . johnny weapon ! Ace throw he a morita . johnny catch it , pump three round into the bug 's nerve stem . he struggle out from under the dead warrior . every bug in the chamber be dead . johnny be you hurt ? carmen throw she arm around johnny . carmen johnny ...! Zander take this in . carmen see he , then he wound . carmen Zander ...! oh , you be hurt . Ace take a look at he wound , make a face . ace ah geez ... Zander push he away , struggle to he foot . johnny can you walk ? zander ( clench tooth ) not a problem . johnny let 's get some armor on she , and the we will get outa this stinkin bug hole ! various component be gladly pass forward . johnny and Ace help she put it on . carmen I think I be dead . lucky for I you joker show up , eh ? zander it be not luck . Rico ignore the mission objective to rescue you ... carmen be it true ? johnny yeah , if I live through this , they will probably hang I . now com'on , let 's move out ! 175 int bug CITY tunnel - day - the roughnecks double - time it , racing for the surface . they come to a fork . carmen which way ? johnny up . we gotta be near a company by now . the tunnel floor drop out . five roughnecks disappear into the hole . warrior climb up into the tunnel . johnny fall back ! the roughnecks bachk up fast , shoot . Zander stagger , collapse . johnny drop to he side , roll he over . johnny how bad be you , pal ? zander be better , buddy . johnny see warrior come up into the tunnel by the score . johnny alright , we be gonna carry you ... zander Nah , I figureyou folk oughta get upstairs before it 's too late ... gimmee the nuke . Zander check he pulse cannon 's available power . johnny do not be a hero ... zander this be my farm . now c'mon , give I what you get and get out of here ... johnny nod , hand he the nuke . carmen see what 's happen . carmen Zander , what be you do ? zander just give you something to remember I by , baby . carmen Zander , no ...! he grab she and kiss she . johnny drag carmen away . Zander open fire as the first warrior reach he position . 176 int bug CITY - inclined tunnel - day - johnny and carmen race desperately for the surface . they hear the chatter of Zander 's pulse cannon and the scream of die bug . johnny go.go go go go ...! tear stream down from carmen 's face . 177 ext planet p - day - johnny and carmen and the survive roughnecks make it to the surface . womp ! a subterrenean nuclear explosion blow a column of earth and stone into the air . 178 ext planet p - a company base camp - johnny and the other enter a company 's perimeter . no one notice they arrival because everyone 's gather in a big circle watch the Brain bug . carmen look ... they get it . several of its delicate leg be apparently break during the capture . Carl approach it without fear , put he hand on the thing . general what 's it think , Colonel ? Carl smile in a cruel way . carl it 's afraid . johnny and carmen approach the General . johnny Sir , I would like to turn myself in . dereliction of duty by a officer during wartime . general and you freely admit to it ? johnny yes , sir . general be what this man say true , Lieutenant ? carmen to the best of my understanding , i