STAR trek : nemesis by John Logan fade in : int . medical montage - day life . glorious in its many form . the biological pulse find its way heroically through the cold manipulation of science . credit as we see a beautiful montage of futuristic medical technology . through a microscope we see cell multiply and gene strand exponentially increase with the vibrancy of explode flower . we see laser splicing and biological manipulation on the molecular level . credit continue as we fade to ... int . romulan senate chamber - night Politics ... in a cavernous , shadowy chamber . Dark figure lean together and talk seriously . they hushed , urgent tone denote the gravity of they discussion . we can not make out the word but there be no doubt what they be talk about . the three year old human boy who stand before they . the boy be alone and frighten , lose in the sweeping grandeur of the massive chamber . credit continue as we fade to ... ext . reman homeworld - night Labor ... on a stark , desert planet with monolithic mountain and harsh crag shoot upward . the only light in this dark netherworld come from the flame that accompany the hellish mining operation everywhere around we . the human boy gaze over this desolate vista and then he look up for a moment ... at the star . then a tall figure lead he firmly into one of the mine . the boy seem to disappear into this flame crucible . credit end as we go to ... ext . romulus - sunset the sun be set on the capital city of the great romulan Star Empire , the imperial monolith and martial tower of this bustling city glow red as the sun dip below the horizon . we slowly move down toward the most impose building of the city . the romulan Senate chamber . int . romulan senate chamber - sunset senator tal 'aura watch the proceedings with a study look of bored indifference . she glance to the familiar romulan crest that dominate one wall of the chamber : a ferocious bird - of - prey hold two planet , one in either claw . and then she eye carefully cross the chamber to ... praetor hiren -- the head of the romulan government -- preside over the Senate from a throne - like chair . he be a capable politician in he 5as . senator 1 ... but if we hesitate we will lose this important source of dilithium . a trade agreement be in the best interest of the Empire . senator 2 praetor , I recommend we dispatch a diplomatic mission to cele ii to open negotiation . Senator tal ' aura grunt slightly at the word " negotiation . " praetor hiren glance to she . praetor Senator tal 'aura , you disagree with the motion . tal'aura no , sir . I would say " negotiation " be to be advise . I support all " diplomatic " overture . but if you will excuse I , praetor , I have a appointment with the tholian ambassador . the praetor nod . tal ' aura stand and leave the chamber ... but she have leave something behind on she desk . a small , silver box with unusual etching on the surface . the discussion continue as we focus on the silver box ... praetor then I will call for a vote on the motion to open trade negotiation with cele ii ... the Senator at the desk next to tal ' aura 's glance over . the silver box be move . the Senator watch , amaze , as the box begin to slowly fold open . then " leg " appear . the box unfold like a spider , stand on its leg . then it be still for a moment . the Senator look at it , puzzle . suddenly -- a bright beam of green light shoot up from the spider -- the Senators be stunne -- the beam shoot to the high dome ceiling of the chamber and then cascade around the interior of the room , envelop everything in a glow shroud of green energy . in a way , it be bizarrely beautiful . and then just as suddenly the light disappear . a moment of silence . the praetor and Senators be baffle . praetor would someone please tell I what that be ? ( he turn to a guard ) alert security -- a plant behind the praetor begin to shrivel ... praetor -- and have they run a -- the praetor stop suddenly -- as the flesh begin to melt from he face . every bit of organic matter in the chamber decay . flesh melt from bone while the Senators scream in agony . every live thing in the chamber be dead within ten second . a stun moment of silence as we take in the carnage . then a transporter effect ripple around the spider- weapon . it disappear . and the romulan Senate be no more . we fade to ... ext . earth , alaska - pavilion - day jean luc picard , the most beloved and respected Captain in starfleet . his face be resolute and set . even stern . his white dress uniform be buttone tightly to the neck . he look at we evenly and then utter the word that have be the watch cry for he entire life as a starfleet officer . picard duty ... he let the word resonate and then continue . picard a starship captain 's life be fill with solemn duty . I have command man in battle . I have negotiate peace treaty between implacable enemy . I have represent the federation in first contact with twenty - seven alien species . but none of this compare to my solemn duty as ... best man . uproarious laughter . we pull back to reveal the wedding reception of will riker and deanna troi . the Enterprise crew be gather with invite guest , some from other " Star Trek " series . riker and deanna sit at the center of a long table . picard now , I know that on a occasion such as this : it be expect that I be gracious and fulsome with praise on the wonder of this bless union ... but have you two consider what you be do to ? this be all a damned inconvenience ... ( laughter from the crowd ) while you be happily settling in on the titan , I will have to train a new first officer ; no doubt a stern martinet who will quote the rule book at I and never ... ever ... allow I to go on away mission . ( laughter ) ... then there 's the matter of my new counselor . undoubtedly some soft -spoken , willowy thing who will be probing into my darkest psyche as she nod she head and coo sympathetically . be not that right , deanna ? deanna nod she head and coo sympathetically . hearty , wonderful laughter ! picard I notice Dr. crusher laugh along with the rest of you . as most of you know , the doctor will also soon be leave the Enterprise , to assume command of starfleet Medical . again , I be force to ask , beverly , have you consider what you be do to little ole ' I ?! I will probably get some old battle - axe of a doctor who will tell I to eat my vegetable and put I on report if I do not show up for my physical on time ! beverly it will serve you right . laughter , laughter , laughter ! he look to riker and deanna : picard really , it 's not too late to reconsider . no ? very well then ... he smile and raise he glass , look at they deeply . picard will riker , you have be my trust right arm for fourteen year ; you have help keep my course true and steady . deanna troi , you have be my conscience and best guide , the touchstone to the better part of myself . you be my family . and in proper maritime tradition I wish you full sail and a clear horizon ... my friend , make it so . they drink . ext . earth , alaska - pavilion - later the party guest mingle as a band play . we be at a beautiful open - air pavilion high in the denali Mountains . the soar range of riker 's native Alaska can be see everywhere around we . dr . beverly crusher go to picard . beverly ( playfully ) sort of like lose a son and gain a empath , be not it ? picard please , beverly , this be hard enough . beverly if you start tear up I promise to beam you out . level one medical emergency . there 's no cry in starfleet . they head off toward riker and deanna . meanwhile , geordi LA forge sit with he girlfriend . leah I have never see you Captain so nostalgic . maybe he 's get soft in he old age . geordi ( laugh ) not likely . after we install the new Series four replicator , he try to order he usual tea and there be a glitch . have we remove the whole bunch of they and put the old one back in . leah there ! nostalgic about old replicator . geordi he just like thing the way he like they ... ( he look at she , smile ) of course , so do I . he kiss she gently as worf come to they . poor worf be still suffer a bit from the bachelor party . he plop down beside they , belch . worf romulan ale should be illegal . geordi it be , old chum . worf then it should be more illegal . he groan and rest he head on the table , act like he 's go to heave . meanwhile , riker and deanna be talk to picard and beverly . deanna really , Captain , it be a lovely toast . picard the least I could do for you , deanna . besides , you know I ... I be a talk head . deanna and you need not worry . I will brief you new counselor on everything she need to know . picard the hell you will . you know too much about I as it be ... now you promise there be no speech during the ceremony on betaze . riker no , no speech . no clothes either . ( wink , mischievously ) picard look at he . deanna laugh . then the band stop play . all turn . data stand with the band . data lady and gentlemen and invite tran gender species ... in my study of terran and betazoid conjugal rite I have discover it be traditional to present the " happy couple " with a gift . give Commander riker 's affection for archaic musical form I have elect to present the follow as my gift in honor of they conjugation . riker shoot a amused glance to deanna . conjugation ? data turn to the band leader . data if you please , mister Band leader , a-one and a-two and ... the band launch into a jaunty , swing version of the Irving Berlin standard " Blue Skies . " data ( sing ) " Blue sky , smile at I , nothing but blue sky do I see . Blue bird , sing a song , nothing but blue bird all day long . never see the sun shine so bright , never see thing go so right ... " the crowd be appreciative . love the song . except worf , he momentarily raise he head from the table . worf ( groan ) ugghhh ... Irving Berlin . his head thump down again , be about ready to barf ! meanwhile , riker be anxious as a kid to join the band : deanna ( smile ) all right , go ahead . riker eagerly join the band . grab the trombone and start jam with the orchestra . the song really swing . picard ( to deanna ) May I have this dance ? deanna with pleasure , Captain . meanwhile , geordi lead leah to the dance floor as well . beverly go to worf . beverly Commander worf ... do klingon swing ? worf I be not a swinger . I be unwell . beverly do not worry , I be a doctor . she pull he to the dance floor as : beverly I be so glad you make it back to the Enterprise before I leave . worf I be not suite for the life of a ... diplomat . beverly ( wry ) who would have guess ? they dance . picard and deanna sweep past they . and we pull up and away as data continue to sing and the crew dance . it be a joyous celebration of this people . this family . a family we love . ext . enterprise - space the Enterprise streak through space . int . enterprise - crew lounge - night data sit in the empty Crew Lounge . as always , the android 's placid , neutral expression still somehow manage to convey he wonder , curiosity and idiosyncratic zest for life . picard arrive with a very old bottle of wine . picard I have be save this . chateau picard 2267 . batten down the hatches ... he carefully uncork the treasure bottle as : picard they say a vintner 's history be in every glass . the soil he come from . his past as well as he hope for the future . he pour two glass of the wine , then raise he glass , a toast . picard so ... to happy ending . data to happy ending . picard carefully take a tiny sip , savor the flavor , finally swallow . enjoy it . ahhh . data mimic picard . take a tiny sip , savore the flavor and finally swallow . ahhh . data Sir . I notice a interesting confluence of emotion at the wedding . I be familiar with the human concept of tear through laughter and its inverse , laughter through tear , but I could not help wonder about the human capacity for express both pleasure and sadness simultaneously . picard I understand why it would seem confusing . certain human ritual -- like wedding , birthdays or funeral evoke strong and very complex emotion . this rite carry great weight with we because they denote the passage of time . data and you be particularly aware of this feel because Commander riker will be leave to assume command of the titan ? picard will and deanna join the titan . Dr. crusher go to starfleet Medical ... data and this make you " sad " ? picard well . I suppose it do a bit . I be very happy for they , of course , but I be go to miss they . the ship will seem ... incomplete without they . data that be because you have a familiarity with they . you can predict specific reaction and behavior and be comfortable in that knowledge . picard yes . and , frankly , I envy they as well . they have make important choice ; they be go to have great challenge ahead of they . New world to conquer ... he take another sip of wine . a beat . picard see will and deanna today make I think about some of the choice I have make in my own life . devote myself to starfleet ... not marrying or have child ... all the choice that lead I here . a beat . data think about it . data the choice I make have lead I here as well . this be the only home I have ever know . I can not foresee a reason for leave . picard you never know what 's over the horizon , data . before too long you will be offer a command of you own . data look at he ; he have never really consider this . data if I be ... I believe my memory engram would sense the absence of you specific reaction and behavior . I would " miss you . " picard ( smile ) now , you make a toast . data to new world ... picard New world . yes data , brave new world ... they drink . int . romulan senate - corridor - night flicker brazier dimly illuminate the cold , martial splendor of a Senate corridor . commander donatra and commander suran stride through the corridor . suran be a elder romulan officer , respected and tenacious . donatra -- a key figure in this story so pay close attention to she -- be a mature , beautiful woman ... not without a dry sense of humor . suran the fleet commander be nervous . they have agree to remain at they give coordinate and await he order . but they be anxious to know what 's go on here . donatra I do not blame they . we can not keep they in the dark forever . a voice , from the shadow : viceroy ( v.o. ) but in darkness , there be strength . donatra and suran stop . and the viceroy step from the shadow ... he be a terrifying sight a powerful , monstrous alien creature ; a tall , ashen -skin ectomorph who bear a disturbing resemblance to the original nosferatu . he be vampiric and lethal . he be a reman . viceroy do not you agree ? he lead they along the corridor . int . senate chamber - night we observe the romulan crest , a impose bird - of - prey clutching a planet in either claw , not unlike the kao emblem from " get smart , " that dominate a wall . as we hear : shinzon ( v.o. ) consider it the great symbol of the Empire ... but the bird - of- prey hold planet . romulus , remus . they destiny conjoin ... and then we see he ... shinzon ! he be a dynamic young human in he twenty . very handsome with pale , almost white skin and shine , golden hair . he wear a strike reman military uniform . he stand in the center of the eerily desert chamber . the entire floor be a large star chart . shinzon yet for generation one of that planet have be without a voice . we will be silent no longer . Senator tal 'aura ( the female Senator who plant the weapon in the Senate chamber earlier ) and two other romulan commander sit . cadre of shinzon 's fearsome reman warrior stand around the chamber . they be he sinister child of the night . even more chill now in the flicker torch light . it 's like something out of Tim burton . donatra and suran enter the chamber with shinzon 's viceroy . shinzon join we , commander . now what 's the disposition of the fleet ? suran they be hold position . shinzon and ? suran ( bow he head ) they will obey , praetor . shinzon it 's imperative we retain they allegiance or we great mission will be strangle before it can truly draw breath . donatra they support you intention , sir . but they require evidence of you ... sincerity . shinzon look at she . a quick beat . shinzon decide to respond with benevolence . he smile . shinzon and they will have it . ( he begin to pace over the star chart ) tell the fleet that the day of negotiation and diplomacy be over . the almighty federation will fall before we . as I promise you . he stand on the area of the map that denote the neutral Zone between the romulan Empire and the federation . shinzon the time we have dream of be at hand . the time ... of conquest . ( sinister laugh ) he carefully step into the area of the map mark with the federation symbol . he look down at the star chart . shinzon cut off the dragon 's head and it cannot strike back . a beat . donatra watch he carefully . something in he quiet word disturb she . suran how many warbird will you need ? shinzon none . they look at he , stunne . suran praetor . you have the whole fleet at you disposal . they support the coup , they will follow you . shinzon the scimitar will serve my need . suran but surely -- shinzon I come this far alone ... ( he look at he reman warrior ) we come this far alone . we require no assistance from the fleet . now leave I to my thought . the commander and Senator tal ' aura rise and leave . shinzon look to he viceroy . shinzon be we prepare ? viceroy yes , praetor . a beat . shinzon so many year for this moment . ( he look up at he viceroy , smile ) bring he to I . int . enterprise - bridge - day the bridge crew be at they station . picard be not on the bridge . worf ( grumble ) I will not do it . deanna it 's tradition , worf . you of all people should appreciate that ! ( whisper ) besides , I have already see it . worf a warrior do not appear without he clothing . it leave he ... vulnerable . riker I do not think we be go to see much combat on betaze . deanna do not be too sure . mother will be there . worf groan . picard emerge from he ready room as : worf I will not do it . picard wo not do what , mister worf ? worf Captain . I think it be inappropriate for a starfleet officer to appear ... ( hate the word ) ... naked . picard come now , a big , strapping fellow like you ? what be you afraid of ? deanna laugh . then a readout on worf 's console attract he attention : worf I be pick up a unusual electromagnetic signature from the kolarin system . picard what sort of signature ? worf look up . glance at data . worf positronic . int . enterprise - bridge - later geordi be at the Engineering station with picard , riker and data . geordi it 's very faint but I have isolate it to the third planet in the kolarin system . picard what do we know about the planet ? geordi unchart . we will have to get closer for a more detailed scan . picard ( to data ) theory ? data since positronic signature have only be know to emanate from android such as myself , it be logical to theorize that there be a android such as myself on kolarus III . geordi how many of you do Dr. soong make ? data I think only I , myself and lore . riker ( look at star chart ) divert to the kolarin system take we awfully close to the romulan neutral Zone . picard ( look at star chart ) still well on we side ... picard glance at data , recognize the android 's deep desire to explore this possible connection to other like himself . picard I think it 's worth a look . do not worry , number one , we will get you to betaze with time to spare . riker thank you , sir ... picard ( to all , especially worf ) where we will all honor the betazoid tradition . no cold foot , or any other part of we anatomy . now , if you will excuse I . I will be in the gym . he go . riker ( to helm Officer ) mister branson , set course for the kolarin system . warp five -- ( deanna shoot he a glance ) -- warp Seven . helm officer ( mister branson ) plotted and laid in , sir . riker engage . deanna you better believe you be engage ! meanwhile , geordi and data remain at the Engineering Station , study the display . geordi what do you think , data , a long - lose relative ? data do not respond , but the curiosity on he face be apparent . ext . enterprise - over kolarus III - space the Enterprise be in orbit around the unchart planet . in the distance we can see the distorting violence of a ion storm . int . enterprise - bridge kolarus III be on the viewscreen , the ion storm raging beyond it . geordi I read six distinct positronic signature , spread out over a few kilometer on the surface . picard what do we know about the population ? data isolate pocket of humanoid . it appear to be a pre-warp civilization at a early stage of industrial development . geordi Captain , I do not recommend transport , that ion storm do not look very neighborly . it could head this way without much warning . picard understood . data , worf , you be with I . picard , data and worf start head toward the turbolift . riker ( stand , protest ) Captain , I hope I do not have to remind you -- picard I appreciate you concern , number one , but I have be itching to try out the argo . riker Sir -- picard Captain 's prerogative , will . there 's no foreseeable danger ... and you wife would never forgive I if anything happen to you . he step into the turbolift with the data and worf . picard you have the bridge , mister troi ! the turbolift door slide shut . the bridge crew heartily enjoy riker 's momentary demotion to house husband . ext . enterprise - over kolarus III - day the shuttlebay door slide open and the transport vehicle argo emerge . the argo be larger than a regular shuttle with a particularly large cargo area at the back . ext . kolarus III - day the argo land on the planet . it be primarily a desert environment with some canyon and mountain . like death Valley , blaze heat wave shimmer in the distance . the shuttle sit silently for a moment . we wonder at the delay , then ... the rear cargo door slide open and picard , data and worf roar out on a 24th century equivalent of a military jeep ! picard drive , data beside he . worf stand in the back at a mount phaser canon . it be a muscular , exciting vehicle ; a starfleet version of the jeep from old television series " the Rat patrol . " picard screech to a stop . data and worf lurch . a cloud of dust momentarily obscure they . data quickly monitor the positronic signature with a tricorder : data the close signature be two kilometer to the west ... that direction , sir . picard thank you , data . ( he smile ) let 's see what she can do . he roar off in a cloud of dust ! picard clearly enjoy drive . he roar over the desert terrain at breakneck speed , have a hell of a good time . his comrade do not exactly appreciate he free-spirite drive panache . worf cling on to the mount phaser canon for dear life . data steady himself by grasp onto the rollbar data I will always be baffle by the human predilection for piloting vehicle at unsafe velocity . picard smile and drive a little faster . data ( monitoring with tricorder ) over that rise , sir ... half a kilometer . they continue on . before long they can see something on the level desert floor before they . they approach and stop to discover ... a android arm . the finger patiently drum the ground . data it appear to be ... ( he scan with he tricorder ) ... a arm . worf ( suspicious ) why be it move ? data like I , it have be design with modular power source . picard mister worf , if you please . worf climb from the jeep and carefully approach the arm . gingerly pick it up . the arm respond to be pick up , the hand start feel around in the air like something from a horror movie . worf shudder . he return to the jeep . quickly set the arm down in the rear cargo area . data the next signature be one kilometer to the south . picard start the jeep in motion . time pass as they continue on ... come across another arm ... a leg ... a torso ... another leg ... various disassembled component of a data-like android ! ext . jeep - kolarus III - canyon - day worf stand uneasily amidst the move body part . there be only one component miss : the head . picard steer the jeep into a canyon . stop . data scan with he tricorder , point it up into the gently sloping hill that form the side of the canyon . data the final signature be approximately 300 meter up that incline . picard mister worf , accompany data please . worf ( uneasy ) to find the head , sir ? picard ( amused ) if you do not mind . worf and data climb up into the hill in pursuit of the final piece as picard open the jeep 's hood and check the engine . ext . kolarus III - hill - day worf and data climb as data scan and indicate the direction : data ten meter ... worf pull he phaser , ready . data I think it unlikely you will need you phaser to recover the cranial unit . of course , it could bite you . then they see it . data 's head . or the spitting image anyway . lying inert in the dust before they . worf it 's you . data the resemblance be ... strike . then the head 's eye suddenly pop open . it look up at they with a sort of blank , childlike wonder . head why be I look at I ? data you be not look at yourself . you be look at I . head ( look at worf ) you do not look like I . worf no . data ( to head ) I would like to pick you up now . May I do that ? head ( to worf ) you have a pretty shirt . worf thank you . data gently pick up the head . look at it . the two identical face gaze at each other . data fascinating ... then blam ! -- a boulder near they explode . worf and data spin to see ... a nomadic tribe of desert alien swarm toward they fire primitive plasma weapon -- data and worf race back down the canyon , toward the jeep -- some open - field run and a bit of phaser action -- worf fire to distract and slow the alien , not kill they -- through all of this the head be chatter away blandly : head I have two arm and ten finger . do you know where my arm be ? I can not see where we be go . where be we go ? ( etc ... like threepio in " Empire " when he 's strapped to chewbacca 's back . ) the action continue . then data find himself almost surround -- data Commander ! worf turn -- data throw the head to worf like a football , a perfect spiral -- the head be still chatter away -- worf catch it -- worf stop talking ! the head abruptly stop talk . data , hand free now , quickly incapacitate the alien around he with a dazzle demonstration of he superior strength and agility . meanwhile , worf tuck the head under he arm and sprint like a master run back -- evade alien and occasionally fire he phaser -- they be closer to the jeep now -- but they be in trouble -- the swarm of alien almost overtake they -- ! when a thunder blast send up a shower of debris , stop the alien -- picard be stand in the rear of the jeep , fire the phaser canon . data and worf climb into the jeep as picard leap into the front seat and roar off -- int . / ext . jeep - kolarus III - following worf , stand at the phaser canon , quickly hand the head to data in the front seat : worf if you would not mind . data thank you . the head look up at picard . head you have a shiny head . picard glance at the head . data he be very observant . picard I can see that . worf Captain ! picard turn to see that they be be pursue ! the alien be racing after they in crude desert- terrain vehicle -- picard ( to data ) shall we try some " unsafe velocity ? " he floor it -- racing across the desert landscape . worf fire the mount phaser canon -- blast away at the alien , not kill they , just stop they -- a few dramatic crash as the alien vehicle overturn -- meanwhile : head ( to picard ) you have a red shirt . data ( to head ) this be not a appropriate time for a conversation . head why ? data because the captain have to concentrate on piloting the vehicle . head why ? picard data ! data sorry , sir . they continue to speed over the landscape -- bounce and fly over natural rise in the terrain -- try to evade they pursuer -- picard put the pedal to the metal and race through the alien vehicle -- weaving in and out , avoid they fire -- worf blast away with the phaser cannon -- a exhilate adventure -- finally they be within sight of the argo -- but they see it be surround by more of the alien ! picard mister data . let 's make like the wind . data punch some button on a dashboard console -- and the argo lift off by remote control -- data use the console to swing the argo around and lower the rear cargo door -- it hover over the surface -- picard floor the jeep -- use a natural rise in the terrain as a ramp -- the jeep fly through the AIR -- over the alien -- and into the cargo bay -- int . argo - cargo BAY - following picard slam on the brake -- the jeep screech to a stop as the door shut and the argo shoot into the air . picard climb from the jeep . he nonchalantly rub a bit of dirt from the hood and then disappear into the main cabin . data and worf remain in the jeep for a beat , stunne . worf ( smile ) he must have klingon blood . int . enterprise - engineering lab - day beverly gaze at the android head . it gaze back at she . beverly I think you have nicer eye . we pull back to reveal she be speak to data . data stand with picard , riker and geordi . data we eye be identical , Doctor . the android be in a framework rig that hold the various body part in place . the part be not yet assemble riker geordi ? geordi ( at work analyze the torso section ) well , he seem to have the same internal mechanic as data but not as much positronic development . the neural pathway be not nearly as sophisticated . I would say he 's a prototype . something Dr. soong create before data . data ( to head ) do you have a name , sir ? head I be the B - 9 . picard be-nign . Dr. soong 's penchant for whimsical name seem to have no end . head ( to riker ) you have a fuzzy face . picard ( try to ignore the head ) keep I inform , number one , and , please , put he back together . he go . geordi and data begin to reassemble the b-9 piece by piece like the tin man as : data can you tell I how you come to be on the planet where we find you ? b-9 ( blandly ) I be take from my homeworld by people call the " pakjed . " they be fat . they trade I to a ship belong to the " bolian . " the " bolian " be blue . they put I in a seat and ask I question . then they be attack by another ship ... time pass ... and still the b-9 be yammer blandly away . he be more fully assemble by this time beverly be thoroughly bored . b-9 then people call the delviciansan pick I up . they have long tooth . they ask if I do anything to help they . I tell they I could do whatever they want . they ask I to clean out the matrix manifold . I tell they I do not know what a matrix manifold look like . beverly Excuse I . I have some diagnostics to run on some medical scanner thing . she quickly exit . b-9 and after they show I the " engine manifold . " then they show I something call a " plasma mop " time pass ... and still the B -9 be yammer away . he be almost completely assemble by now . riker be bored out of he mind . b-9 ... then the " cardassian " put I into something call a " garbage chute " and I go out into space again -- worf ( v.o. ) ( on comm ) worf to Commander riker . I have the tactical manifest ready , sir . riker ( quickly tapping he comm badge ) worf ! wonderful ! I will be right there !... ( he stand ) duty call , gentleman . carry on . he escape . b-9 fuzzy face be go . data yes , please continue . b-9 I be in space for a long time . then a ship belong to the " talosian " pick I up . they ask I where I come from . I tell they people call the " pakled " take I from my homeworld . they be fat ... geordi groan . time pass ... and still the B -9 be yammer away . by this time geordi be slump in a chair and only data be listen . the b-9 be fully assemble . b-9 then I open my eye and see you . a beat . the b-9 be finally do with he tale ... data do you know who I be ? b-9 you be I . data no. my name be data ... I be you brother . int . enterprise - crew lounge - night riker and deanna be have dinner with worf . deanna ( to worf ) ... and after the ceremony on betaze , three entire week for we honeymoon . riker we be go sailing on the opal Sea . we have book a old - fashioned solar catamaran . just we and the sun and the wave . worf it seem a very ... soft honeymoon . deanna ( amused ) it 's mean to be relax . worf a klingon honeymoon begin with the kholamar desert march where the couple bond in endurance trial . if they survive the challenge they move on to the Fire cave of fek'lhr to face the demon of gre'thor . riker well , that sound relax too . worf it be ... invigorate . they see data enter the lounge , carefully lead the B - 9. riker so they have get he up and run . worf he 's a very unusual android riker ( smile ) run in the family . they watch as data lead the B - 9 to a table . data instruct he to sit . the b-9 sit and stare forward placidly . data show he how use a napkin . a note of concern pass over deanna 's face as she watch data and the B - 9 . there be something strangely poignant in the twin android . one a bundle of curiosity and intelligence ; the other somewhat like a slow , simple child . int . enterprise - ready room - night picard be at he replicator unit . picard Earl grey , hot . a cup of tea appear . he take it as the door chime sound . picard come. ( deanna enter ) counselor . deanna do you have a moment , sir ? picard of course , sit down . he sit at he desk she sit across from he . deanna it 's about data I have watch he with the b- 9 and I be troubled . data 's desire for a " family " be very strong . I be afraid he may be invest too much in the B - 9 . picard you be speak of emotional investment ? deanna the b-9 be like a slow child , sir . and data , in he own way , have assume the position of a parent or guardian . I be afraid he have expectation base on he own experience . he will be disappointed when the b-9 can not meet that expectation . picard as much as we care for he , deanna ... we have to remember that data be not capable of disappointment . deanna I do not believe that , sir . we have share many disappoint journey . a quiet beat . picard I be go to miss you . deanna and I you . they be interrupt by a comm signal : riker ( v.o. ) ( on comm ) Captain , you have a Alpha priority communication from starfleet Command . picard acknowledge ... ( deanna stand ) ... I will talk to data deanna thank you , sir . she go . picard activate he desktop viewscreen . admiral kathryn janeway appear on picard 's monitor . janeway be the former captain of voyager . her new rank fit she well , she have lose none of she dry humor and down - to-earth charm which make she a household name and beloved cult figure . picard Admiral janeway . good to see you . janeway ( on viewscreen ) Jean luc ... how would you like a trip to romulus ? all expense pay ? picard ( smile ) with or without the rest of the fleet ? janeway ( on viewscreen ) a diplomatic mission . we have be invite , believe it or not . seem there 's be some kind of internal political shakeup . the new praetor , someone call shinzon , have request a federation envoy . picard New praetor ? janeway ( on viewscreen ) there 's more ... as always . he 's reman . ( picard be surprised ) believe I , we do not understand it either . you be the close ship so I want you to high tail it over there and hear what he have to say . get the lay of the land , if the Empire become unstable , it could mean trouble for the entire quadrant . picard understood . janeway ( on viewscreeen ) we be send you all the intelligence we have , but it 's not much . I do not need to tell you to watch you back , Jean luc . picard not with the romulan . janeway ( on viewscreen ) ( smile wryly ) the son'a , the borg , the romulan , the evil soran and that pesky nexus . you seem to get all the easy assignment ! picard just lucky , Admiral . janeway ( on viewscreen ) let 's hope that luck hold . janeway out . the transmission end . picard sit for a moment , intrigue . then he go to the bridge int . enterprise - bridge - following picard go to he command chair : picard ( to helm ) Lay in a new course ... take we to romulus . warp eight . the crew be shocked . helm officer aye aye , sir . course plotted and laid in ... riker romulus ? picard I be afraid the opal Sea will have to wait , number one ... engage . ext . enterprise - space and the Enterprise jump to high warp -- disappear in a flash of dazzle light . yes ! int . enterprise - observation lounge - day data conduct a briefing for the senior officer . monitor currently show a image of romulus and remus in orbit around they sun . data as you can see the habitable half of remus be always in darkness because , like mercury , one side always face the sun . due to the extreme temperature on that half of they world , the reman live on the dark side of the planet . various grainy and unclear new image appear to illustrate data 's word : data almost nothing be know about the reman homeworld , although intelligence scan have prove the existence of dilithium mining and heavy weapon construction . very obscure image of reman appear , the crew can barely make out the monstrous figure : data the reman themselves be consider a undesirable caste in the hierarchy of the Empire . riker but they also have the reputation of be formidable warrior . in the Dominion War , reman force be use as assault troops in the most violent encounter . picard ( grim ) cannon fodder . geordi then how do a reman get to be praetor ? I do not get it . riker we have to assume he have romulan collaborator . picard a coup d'etat ? riker the praetor 's power have always be the romulan fleet . they must be behind he . picard consider this . picard ( to data ) what have you learn about shinzon ? the image end . there be no image of shinzon . data starfleet intelligence be only able to provide a partial account of he military record . we can infer he be relatively young and a capable commander . he fight seventeen major engagement in the war . all successful . Beyond that , we know nothing . picard well ... it seem we be truly sailing into the unknown . keep at it . anything you can give I would be appreciate . dismiss . the meeting break up . int . enterprise - engineering lab - day the b-9 stare placidly forward . we pull back and discover that computer conduit connect the B - 9' head to data 's head . geordi monitor the connection . data at present he serve no useful function . Dr. soong create we to become active and useful member of society . I do not believe he would have want the B - 9 to live out he life in he present state . geordi I can not believe the Captain go along with a memory download . data Captain picard agree that the b-9 be probably design with the same self - actualization parameter as myself . if my memory engram be successfully integrate into he positronic matrix , he should have all my ability . geordi he would have all you memory too . you feel comfortable with that ? data I feel nothing , geordi . it be my belief that with my memory engram he will be able to function as a more complete individual . geordi a individual more like you , you mean . data yes . geordi maybe he 's not suppose to be like you . maybe he 's suppose to be just like he be . geordi complete he work geordi okay ... we be do . geordi remove the computer connection from between they head . he carefully close the panel in data 's head as : data ( to b- 9 ) do you know where you be ? b-9 I be in a room with light . he look blankly at the console light . data can you remember we father ? b-9 no. data glance to geordi . data do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel ? b-9 no. data be that you final answer ? geordi ( to b- 9 ) do you know my name ? b-9 you have a soft voice . geordi ( gently ) data , he 's assimilate a lot of programming . remember , he 's a prototype , a lot less sophisticated than you be . we just do not know if he matrix will be able to adapt . or if he will be able to retain anything . we should give he some time . data have be study some circuitry in the B - 9' neck . data what purpose do this serve ? geordi ( also examine circuitry ) it seem to be a redundant memory port . maybe it 's for provisional memory storage in case he neural pathway overload ? data Dr. soong must have find it unnecessary in later version . geordi it 's possible the extra memory port be interfere with the engram processing . mind if I keep he here and run some diagnostics ? data no , I do not mind . data look at the b-9 with a sort of sadness . data but I believe he will prove incapable of perform higher function . geordi do not give up hope , data . I know , I know , you be not capable of hope . data ( look at b- 9 ) I be not . data stand . the b-9 stand to follow . data no , remain with Commander La Forge . he be go to try to make you well . the b-9 sit . data go . geordi watch he go . ext . enterprise - over romulus - space the Enterprise be in orbit around romulus . remus can be see in the distance . picard ( v.o. ) Captain 's log. stardate 47844.9 . the Enterprise have arrive at romulus and be wait at the designate coordinate . all we hail have go unanswer . we have be wait for seventeen hour . int . enterprise - bridge - following the crew be tense . silence . worf , at tactical , slowly stretch he neck . try to release the tension . it crack . deanna jump a bit . riker why do not they answer we hail ? picard it 's a old psychological strategy , number one . to put he in a position of dominance and make we uneasy . riker it 's work . picard ( to deanna ) counselor ? deanna they be out there , sir . picard stand and walk to the viewscreen . he gaze at romulus below and the black infinity of space beyond . they be out there , wait . worf Sir , I recommend we raise shield . picard not yet , mister worf . riker Captain , with all due respect to diplomatic protocol -- the federation Council 's not sit out here , we be . picard patience . diplomacy be a very exact occupation . we can wait . data Captain ... and on the viewscreen . shinzon 's magnificent reman warbird , the scimitar , decloak directly before the Enterprise . ext . over romulus - space we first sight of this incredible ship be absolutely breathtaking . shinzon 's vessel combine the clean line of the traditional romulan warbird with unique weaponry and styling . it be huge , easily twice as large as the Enterprise . and it be aggressive . awesome in its power . int . enterprise - bridge - following the crew gape at the huge ship on the viewscreen . riker ( slowly rise from he chair ) my God ... worf ( tense ) should I raise shield ? picard no ! worf Captain -- ! picard ( firm ) tactical analysis , mister worf . worf ( quickly analyze tactical display ) fifty - two disruptor bank , twenty - seven photon torpedo bay , primary and secondary phase shield . riker she 's not out for a pleasure cruise . picard ( grim ) she 's a predator . worf we be be hail . picard on screen . and the image on the viewscreen transform to : shinzon 's viceroy . he stand on the scimitar 's bridge . the bridge be as unique as the rest of shinzon 's ship . instead of the usual mechanical clutter , this bridge be design with a almost asian simplicity . like the rest of reman design , it be spare and elegant . since the reman be more comfortable in the darkness , most of the light come from the three steadily pulsing warp core relay which dramatically soar up through the floor of the bridge . the crew gaze at the bridge and the monstrous feature of the viceroy . viceroy ( on viewscreen ) Enterprise . we be the reman warbird scimitar . picard praetor shinzon , I be pleased to -- viceroy ( on viewscreen ) I be not shinzon . I be he viceroy . we be send transport coordinate . the transmission end abruptly . the scimitar reappear on the viewscreen . riker not very chatty . picard away team . transporter room four . picard , riker , deanna , worf and data head toward the turbolift , energize now that the endless wait be over . int . scimitar - observation lounge - night the away team materialize in the most strike location on shinzon 's ship : a large observation lounge . it be a huge , empty chamber . no furniture . a simple reman mat on the floor be the only decoration . at the very top of the room there be a large , etched glass dome . it be very dark . they turn when shinzon speak from the shadow : shinzon ( v.o. ) I hope you will forgive the darkness ... we be not comfortable in the light . picard praetor shinzon ? shinzon move toward they a bit , become slightly more illuminate , the low light shine off he golden hair . the crew cannot see he clearly in the dim light but it be evident he be human . assume that he be reman , they be surprised by this realization . shinzon just stare at picard through the darkness for a moment . shinzon Captain picard ... Jean luc picard ... I do not mean to stare , it 's just -- well , you can not imagine how long I have be wait for this moment . I always imagine you taller , be not that odd ? ( to data ) you may scan I without subterfuge , Commander data . data scan he with a tricorder as : picard and you be not as we imagine you . shinzon no ? worf you be human . shinzon Commander worf . ( he speak in klingon ) I greet you as a valiant warrior ... and as my brother . worf ( terse , in klingon ) I will save my greeting for a better brother . shinzon laugh , maniacally . picard why have you ask for we presence here ? shinzon do not answer . he be stare deeply at deanna , moan softly . picard praetor ? shinzon ( quietly ) I have never meet a human woman . he slowly move toward she , still hide in the shadow . deanna I be only half human . shinzon deanna troi of betaze . empathic and telepathic ability , ship 's counselor . all of this I know ... but I do not know you be so beautiful . riker you seem very familiar with we personnel . shinzon move even closer to deanna , not take he eye from she . shinzon I be , Commander riker ... ( to deanna ) ... May I touch you hair ? picard ( firm ) praetor , we have come to romulus on a matter we be -- assure be of great importance . if you have anything to say to we as representative of the federation , I suggest you do so now . shinzon continue to stare at deanna . it be strangely seductive . almost disquieting in its intensity . deanna handle it with grace , she level gaze never leave he . shinzon ( softly ) on the world I come from there 's no light . no sun . beauty be not important . I see now there 's a world elsewhere . picard praetor shinzon . we be not here to discuss you lack of a social life . shinzon ( turn back to picard ) yes , I be sorry , Captain . ( he smile ) there 's so much we have to talk about . picard I would be interested to know what we be talk about . shinzon Unity , Captain ! tearing down the wall between we to recognize we be one people . federation and romulan . human and vulcan and klingon and reman . I be speak of the thing that make we the same . we want peace . picard and the other be stunne . shinzon I want to end the century of mistrust . I want to be you ally , not you enemy . as a first step I propose we eliminate the neutral Zone and begin a free and open exchange of goods and idea . picard and the Senate support you ? shinzon ( dry ) I have dissolve the Senate . a beat . shinzon right now , you be think this all sound too good to be true ? picard yes . shinzon and you be wonder why the scimitar be so well armed . be this the ship of a peacemaker ? or a predator ? ( picard be startle at shinzon 's choice of word ) ... but you be also think the chance for peace be too promise to ignore . above all , you be try to decide if you can trust I . picard yes . shinzon then perhaps the time have come to add some illumination to we discussion . Computer , raise lighting four level . light shoot up around the room . for the first time the crew can see shinzon clearly . picard actually gasp when he see shinzon 's face . the rest of the crew do not understand he reaction . shinzon allow I to tell you a story that I hope will clarify my position . when I be very young I be stricken with a odd disease . I develop a hyper-sensitivity to sound . the slight whisper cause I agony ... picard watch he carefully . wary and strangely intense . shinzon no one know what to do . finally I be take to a doctor who have some experience with terran illness and I be finally diagnose with shalaft 's syndrome . do you know of it , Captain ? picard you know I do . the crew be dumbfounded at picard 's unusual reaction . shinzon then you know it 's a very rare syndrome . genetic . all the male member of my family have it . eventually I be treat . now I can hear as well as you can , Captain . he step toward picard who hold he ground . shinzon I can see as well as you can . I can feel everything you feel . ( he stop right before picard ) in fact , I feel exactly what you feel . do not I , Jean luc ? picard stare at he with a mixture of realization and curiosity . it be as if picard be look into a strange , remember mirror : shinzon 's face be nearly identical to he at that age . shinzon do you trust I now ? a beat . picard we need to talk , just you and I . shinzon come to dinner on romulus tomorrow . just the two of we . or just the one of we . picard you know I need to verify this . shinzon I know . the crew be utterly confuse . they confusion turn to outright shock when shinzon calmly pull out a reman knife and cut he arm , draw a little blood . he hand the knife to data . shinzon tomorrow then , Captain . we have so much to discuss . picard touch he communicator pin : picard picard to Enterprise . five to beam out . they dematerialize , the shimmer glow illuminate shinzon 's feature . picard 's eye never leave shinzon as the transporter effect ripple around he . int . enterprise - sickbay - day beverly stand with picard , riker and deanna . the reman knife be under a protonmicroscope and other medical readout and analysis be visible . beverly there 's no doubt , Captain . right down to you regressive strain of shalaft 's syndrome . he 's a clone . a beat as the confirmation sink in . picard when be he ... create ? beverly about twenty - five year ago . they probably use a hair follicle or skin cell . picard ( touch head ) I think a skin cell 's the more likely of the two . riker why ? picard believe I , number one ; I be go to find out . contact starfleet Command and inform they of the situation . I need to know where the hell he come from . deanna . he go , deanna follow . int . enterprise - corridor - following deanna I would say he 's be train to resist telepathy . what I could sense of he emotion be erratic , very hard to follow . picard be he sincere about want peace ? deanna I do not know . ( she stop he ) Sir , the strongest sense I have be that he 's more than curious about you . he very much want to know you . ( she look at he deeply ) the same way you want to know he . picard how could I not ? deanna Captain , do not assume he 's anything like you be . you should resist the urge to think you know he . picard I not only know he , deanna , I be he ... and he be I ! he go . int . enterprise - riker and deanna' cabin - night riker be hard at work over a series of padd . he have be work for hour . deanna will , you need to rest . ( he continue to work ) as ship 's counselor , I be recommend you get I sleep . riker toss a padd on the desk . rub he eye . look up she . riker some honeymoon . she smile and go to he . deanna we have time . ( she kiss he ) come to bed . she pull he up . riker imzadi , what be I go to do with you ? they kiss deeply . she pull he across the room and they fall into the bed . it be passionate , erotic . her arm undulate around he sensually ... she finger snake through he hair , but something be wrong . riker 's hair be now blond . she start back , she eye grow wide . riker be go . she be now embrace shinzon ! shinzon imzadi . this be so good . deanna no ! he caress she face ... shinzon he can never know you as I know you ... he can never touch you as I touch you . deanna this be not real . shinzon can you feel my hand ... be they real ? can you feel my lip , my loin ? he kiss she neck -- but when he raise he head again . it be the monstrous viceroy ! holding she . caress she . she be freeze in horror . but be it the viceroy at all ? shinzon 's voice seem to come from the viceroy 's lip : shinzon ( v.o. ) I be with you , imzadi ... and then it be shinzon again , kissing she : shinzon I will always be with you now . now and forever ... deanna you sick bastard ! she push he away ... riker deanna ?! what 's with the name call ? it be riker . she stare at he , then cling to he desperately . ext . romulan senate - day the byzantine splendor of the Senate loom before we . int . romulan senate chamber - day heavy drape be draw against any hint of the sun . shinzon be in conference with the romulan commander and Senator tal 'aura . Commander donatra watch he closely . Commander suran be angry , pace . shinzon stand . his viceroy lurk in a corner . suran ... then I do not understand the reason for the delay ! shinzon you do not have to understand . suran and bring the Enterprise here ?! what possible purpose could that serve ?! shinzon I have a purpose . suran then perhaps you will enlighten we ? shinzon ( snap ) silence , romulan ! a tense beat . shinzon regains he composure . shinzon you must learn patience , Commander . do you know where I learn it ? in the dilithium mine of remus . spend eighteen hour every day under the lash of a romulan guard 's whip and you will soon understand patience . suran ( carefully bow he head ) praetor . shinzon now go . I have some personal business . suran and the other go . donatra turn just as she be leave the chamber , she see the viceroy go to shinzon . and then do something odd . the viceroy put he hand on shinzon 's chest , lean very close and talk to he quietly . this be a ancient form of reman telepathic medical diagnosis . this strange sight perplex donatra . the door close , block she view ... int . senate - corridor - following we go with donatra and the other romulan . donatra speak quietly to suran : donatra how long before he have we in the dilithium mine ? int . enterprise - data' cabin - day the b-9 sit placidly in a chair , stare forward . then , as if a switch be throw , he move . he quickly rise and go to a computer console . he efficiently start punch in command at a amazing velocity . int . romulan senate chamber - night picard and shinzon sit alone in a corner of the sweeping Senate chamber . the remain of dinner before they . shinzon and when I be ready they be go to replace you with I , a exact biological duplicate . put a romulan agent at the heart of starfleet to influence you command structure . it be a bold plan . picard what happen ? shinzon as happen so frequently here on romulus , a new government come to power . they decide to abandon the plan -- frankly , I think they be afraid I would be discover and it would lead to war . they be not ready for that . picard pour a glass of romulan ale . shinzon romulan ale -- I be surprised . I can not stand it . picard ( smile ) you will acquire a taste for it . a beat . they look at each other . shinzon it 's not quite the face you remember . picard not quite . I envy the hairline . shinzon a lifetime of violence will do that . my nose be break four time . and my jaw ... but so much be the same . the eye , you recognize the eye . picard yes . the eye have it . shinzon we eye reflect we life , do not they ? your be so confident . picard how do you end up on remus ? shinzon they send I there to die . how could a mere human survive the dilithium mine ? it be ... ( he can not find the word ) ... I be a slave . and a monster . the only thing the romulan guard hate more than the reman be I . but one man take pity on I : the man who become my viceroy . he teach I how to survive . and in that dark place , where there be nothing of myself , I find my reman brother . they show I the only kindness I ever know . a beat . he glance to the romulan crest on the wall . shinzon for thousand of year the romulan Senate have meet in this chamber and dictate the fate of its sister - planet ... but the time have come for we to live as equal . picard you be do this to liberate the reman ? shinzon no race should be a slave to another . picard be impressed with shinzon 's quiet word . shinzon you do not trust I . picard I have no reason to . shinzon of course you do . if you have live my life and experience the suffer of my people ... you would be sit where I be now . at least I hope you would . picard and if you have live my life you would understand that there be a great responsibility in represent the federation . I can not let my personal feeling unduly influence my decision . shinzon all I have be my personal feeling . I be not raise with the ideal of the federation . but I be try to understand they now . to live up to they to live up to you . a beat . shinzon I want to know where I come from . the reman give I a future . you can tell I about my past . picard there 's so much , and so much of it be dull ... shinzon be we always explorer ? plcard no. I be the first picard to leave Earth . it cause quite a stir , in fact . but I have spend my whole life ... shinzon ( finish the sentence ) look up at the star . picard yes . shinzon and you dream about what be up there . about ... picard ( finish the sentence ) New world . a beat . they both reach for a carafe of water at the exact same instant . stop . picard after you , praetor . shinzon ( smile ) Age before rank , Jean luc . picard smile , pour a glass . picard so I be not as tall as you expect ? shinzon I always hope I would hit two meter . picard with a full head of hair . shinzon ( smile ) there be that . a quiet beat . picard shinzon ... I be try to believe you . shinzon I know . picard if there 's one ideal the federation hold most dear it 's that all man , all race , can be united . from the first time the vulcan come to Earth we have seek a future of peace . nothing would make I more proud than to take you hand in friendship . in time . when trust have be earn . shinzon I be honore to think I might someday speak with such eloquence . a beat . shinzon in time , Jean luc . picard in time . int . senate chamber - later picard be go . shinzon sit , think . his viceroy enter . viceroy this be a mistake . shinzon he 's gentler than I think . and he have a sense of humor . viceroy ( stern ) do not forget we mission , shinzon . we should act . now . time be run out . shinzon ( snap ) my time . I will spend it how I choose . a tense beat . shinzon we will return to the scimitar . prepare yourself for the bond . int . enterprise bridge - night picard emerge from the turbolift . data , worf and geordi wait at the bridge engineering station . worf Sir , we have have a unauthorize access into the main computer . picard who be it ? geordi it 's go to take some time to find out -- the data stream be reroute through substation all over the ship . picard what program be access ? geordi that 's what I do not get -- it 's mostly basic stellar cartography : star chart ; communication protocol ; some uplink from colony tracking station . it 's not even restrict material . picard ( to worf ) set up a security program to detect any unusual data stream rerout . if it happen again , we want to be ready . geordi ( grim ) there 's something else . I be review the sensor log ... ( he refer to some readout on he console ) when the scimitar decloak there be a momentary spike in the tertiary em band -- there -- you be not go to believe this but it 's thalaron . picard be shocked . int . sickbay - night picard stand , concerned , with beverly , geordi and data . monitor show thalaron research be visible . picard ... I think thalaron radiation be theoretical . geordi which be why we initial scan do not pick it up . but he 's get it , Captain . picard as I remember , thalaron research be ban in the federation because of its bioqenic property . beverly it have the ability to consume organic material at the subatomic level . I can not overestimate the danger of thalaron radiation , Jean luc . a microscopic amount could kill every live thing on this ship in a matter of second . picard understood . keep on it . I need to know what he have and how to neutralize any threat . give I option . picard go . data think for a moment . data Doctor , will you excuse we for a moment ? geordi , please come with I . he and geordi head out . beverly return to some medical display show thalaron research , she expression deeply concerned . int . enterprise - picard be cabin - night picard be sit at he desk , flipping through a old photo album . he stop and stare at one of the picture deeply troubled . we finally see the photo : Young Jean luc picard . a serious , unsmile cadet at starfleet Academy . the face before he bear a disturbing resemblance to shinzon . the door comm chirp . picard come ... ( beverly enter ) ... beverly , come in . beverly you be work late . she sit , note the picture of Young Jean luc . picard remember he ? beverly he be a bit proud as I recall . picard he be a damn fool . selfish and ambitious . very much in need of season . beverly he turn out all right . he rise , go to a window , gaze at the scimitar in the distance . a beat . picard I so want to believe shinzon . but the thalaron radiation can not be explain away . whatever he 's after , it 's not peace . beverly be he very much like you be ? picard yes . data interrupt on comm : data ( v.o. ) ( on comm ) data to Captain picard . geordi and I have identify the source of the unauthorize computer access . and , I believe , we have also discover a opportunity to gain a tactical advantage . picard ( to comm ) on my way ... beverly ( stand ) Jean luc -- whatever you be -- right now you be the man you have make yourself . he 's someone else . picard I wish I could believe that , Doctor . he go . int . enterprise - turbolift - morning deanna be alone on the turbolift . then a voice make she spin : shinzon ( v.o. ) imzadi ... shinzon stand across from she . deanna you be not here . shinzon ( move to she ) very logical , deanna ... but you heart do not constrain itself to mere logic . ( he caress she ) ... you heart long to discover I . to know I ... ( he kiss she ) ... to leave all of this behind and be with I . he push she against the wall , with passion and almost violence . deanna no ... shinzon I can feel you desire , deanna ... she force herself to concentrate ... to resist telepathically ... it be a mighty effort ... this romulan be hot . and the world around she appear to be change ... bend ... and she be momentarily in a cabin on the scimitar . although entirely a telepathic experience , it be as if she have actually travel . she see shinzon kneel over a small flame , she realize she be look through the viceroy 's eye . on the scimitar , shinzon look up at the viceroy / deanna : shinzon I can feel you hunger to know the reman way ... the old way . then the world change again ... deanna be on the turbolift . shinzon be press against she , whisper : shinzon do not fear what you desire ... she force he away from she and -- she be alone . she sink to she knee . overcome with emotion . int . scimitar - viceroy' cabin - following the viceroy , in a kind of trace , kneel before a small flame . shinzon kneel across from he . the viceroy raise he head . viceroy the bond be break . shinzon find she again . viceroy no -- this be waste time . shinzon do as I tell you ! a reman officer interrupt on comm : reman officer ( v.o. ) praetor , we have receive the transponder signal . shinzon ( to comm ) on my way . he begin to go -- but suddenly stop , a wave of illness overtake he . the viceroy put he hand on shinzon 's chest . a strange moment as the viceroy shut he eye and feel shinzon 's chest . his mind ... probing . then the viceroy look up at he , grim . viceroy it 's accelerate . you have no more time for game . shinzon have the doctor prepare . I will be on the bridge . he go . int . scimitar - bridge - day shinzon stand with some reman engineer . shinzon Transport . a engineer activate a transporter and the b-9 materialize ! shinzon welcome home . ( to Engineers ) begin the download . reman engineer go to the b-9 and open the panel in he neck , begin connect computer conduit to the extra memory port we see earlier . ( note : although the audience will not know it yet , this be actually data pretend to be the b-9 . ) shinzon go to a replicator unit and order : shinzon tea , hot . a cup of tea appear . he take it and sip as he watch he Engineers connect the conduit to the B - 9 . int . enterprise - sickbay - day beverly be scan deanna . picard and riker watch , concerned . beverly aside from slightly elevate adrenalin and serotonin level , you be completely normal . picard ( gently ) can you describe it , deanna ? she look at picard , tear in she eye . deanna it be ... a violation . riker take she hand . deanna ( with difficulty ) shinzon 's viceroy seem to have the ability to reach into my thought . I have become a liability ... I request to be relieved of my duty . picard permission deny . if you can possibly endure any more of this assault . I need you at my side . now more than ever I ... but before the word be out of he mouth ... he begin to dematerialize ! riker ( to comm ) worf ! raise shield ! but picard be go . ext . over romulus - space the scimitar cloak . int . scimitar - brig - night picard stand in the reman brig . his communicator pin have be remove . Beyond the security force field a ghoulish medical apparatus be be prepare . a metal chair with laser scalpel , iv tube and hypospray connect to it . reman doctor work over the mysterious chair . shinzon enter with the b-9 follow . shinzon stand on the other side of the force field . picard notice something immediately . tiny vein be now visible on shinzon 's face ; the faintest sign of a intricate spider - web pattern of pale blue vein . shinzon hello , Jean luc . picard why be I here ? shinzon I be lonely ... ( he realize picard be stare at the vein on he face ) perhaps I be not aging as well as you do . he nod to a guard . the guard deactivate the force field . a reman doctor enter and raise a hypospray toward picard . picard ( resist ) what be you do ? shinzon I need a sample of you blood . what do you borg friend say ? resistance be futile . ( maniacal laugh ) the Doctor take a quick sample of picard 's blood as picard glance to the B - 9 . shinzon yes . the bait you could not refuse . I learn there might be a exist prototype from a cardassian historian , then go to a great deal of trouble to find it and scatter it about on kolarus III . I know it would pique you curiosity and conveniently make the Enterprise the close ship to romulus when I contact starfleet . the reman doctor leave the cell . the force field be reactivate . the doctor go to the mysterious medical apparatus and analyze picard 's blood . as : picard all of this so you could capture I ? shinzon do not be so vain . after we find it , we make a few modification . a extra memory port , a hide transponder . perhaps you eye will be a bit less confident when you learn I have gain access to starfleet 's communication protocol . I now know the location of you entire fleet ... ( to b- 9 ) ... you may go . b-9 where ? shinzon out of my sight . the b-9 obediently leave the room as : shinzon maybe I will train it to do little trick for I like you robot do . or maybe I will snap its ugly head off . picard what 's this all about ? shinzon it 's about destiny , picard . about a reman outcast who -- picard you be not reman . shinzon and I be not quite human . so what be I ? what do you see ? ( he peer at picard deeply ) do you see a life you might have lead ? lose youth never to be recapture ? picard I see a young man try desperately to deny who he be . shinzon I see a old man , set in he way , afraid to live without a uniform to prop he up and a starfleet regulation to tell he what to do . I see the man I will never be . picard I will not defend my life to you . shinzon my life be meaningless as long as you be alive . what be I while you exist ? a shadow ? a enigma ? picard ( stern ) if you issue be with I ... this have nothing to do with my ship and nothing to do with the federation . shinzon oh , but it do . we will no longer bow like slave before anyone . not the romulan and not you mighty federation . we be a race breed for war . for conquest . picard think about what you be do , shinzon . be you ready to plunge the entire quadrant into war to satisfy you own personal demon ? shinzon it amaze I how little you know yourself . picard I be incapable of such a act , and so be you . shinzon I think the fact speak for themselves . the same noble picard blood run in we vein . have you live my life , you would be do exactly as I be . look in the mirror , and see yourself . shinzon look at he deeply . shinzon consider that , Captain . I can think of no great torment for you . he turn to go . picard it 's a mirror for you as well ... shinzon turn back to he . a beat . picard gaze at he evenly . picard 's probing gaze make shinzon a bit uneasy . he glance to the ghoulish medical preparation . shinzon not for long , Captain . ( back to picard ) I be afraid you will not survive to witness the victory of the echo over the voice . he go . int . enterprise - bridge - night the ship be on Red alert . worf stand at tactical , muscle coiled , hungry for action . worf no response to we hail . geordi be hard at work at the Science station . riker stand over he : geordi ( frustrated ) his cloak be perfect ... no tachyon emission , no residual antiproton . riker keep at it , geordi . find a way in . beverly arrive on the bridge , urgent . she carry a medical padd . beverly will , I need to talk to you . int . scimitar - brig - night picard stand in he cell , peer at the edge of the security force field , try to spot any weakness . then the b-9 enter the brig , he hold a reman disruptor weapon . b-9 ( to reman guard ) I be to take the prisoner to the praetor . the reman Guard deactivate the force field . b-9 if you resist , I will incapacitate you . he lead picard out . int . scimitar - corridor - following the b-9 lead picard through the dark corridor , hold the disruptor on he steadily . all the reman they pass glare at picard with undisguise loathing . the viceroy approach . stop before they . viceroy ( to b- 9 ) where be you take he ? b-9 praetor shinzon want he on the bridge . the viceroy turn he malevolent gaze on picard . viceroy so , human ... you have meet you better self ! picard what be you do to counsellor troi ? viceroy I be prepare she for shinzon ... to sooth he as she soothes you . to stand at he side as she do at yours . picard that will never happen . viceroy listen to he , android . such a small and weak creature . yet he roar so valiantly ... ( he raise one talone claw and put a sharp fingernail on picard 's chest ) it would take I but a instant to tear that valiant heart from you chest . picard there will be another after I . and another after that . you will find we be a resilient species . viceroy I look forward to the sport . ( to the B -9 , harshly ) take he . the b-9 prod picard 's back roughly with the disruptor . picard grimace in pain b-9 move . the viceroy continue away down the corridor . the b-9 lead picard along . picard ( whisper ) be careful of over - play you part , Commander ! and the audience now realize it be data pretend to be the b-9 and rejoice . data sorry , sir . I think it add a touch of reality to the performance . they be silent as they pass a few reman guard . then : data my mission be a success , sir . I have discover the source of the thalaron radiation . picard good work . the download ? data he believe he have we communication protocol . but they will give he inaccurate location for all starfleet vessel . data assume the B - 9' posture again as they pass some some reman Warrior . data move , puny human animal . they pass the Warrior . picard a bit less florid , data . data aye , sir ... this way . he lead picard down the corridor . int . scimitar - generation chamber - night data lead picard into a massive chamber that soar up like a cathedral . it be the size of a small town . the whole , cavernous chamber pulse with glow green light . data this entire ship be , essentially , a fly thalaron generator . ( he point up ) all its power relay lead to that device . High above they , at the very top of the chamber , be a gigantic version of the spider - weapon we see kill all the romulan Senators before . it be breathtaking . picard a weapon . data it would appear so . data rotate he leave hand and then slide it forward , expose a hide compartment in he wrist . he remove a small , silver disc . this be a cool new piece of federation technology call a etu . ( emergency Transport unit . ) data geordi equip I with the prototype for the emergency Transport unit . I recommend you use it to return to the Enterprise . picard it will only work for one of we . data yes , sir . picard we will find a way off together . recommendation ? data there be a shuttlebay 948 meter from we current location . data insert the etu back into he wrist and they leave the chamber . int . scimitar bridge - night the viceroy arrive on the bridge , stop . viceroy where 's picard ? shinzon look at he , confuse . int . scimitar - corridor - night Security alert klaxon suddenly begin to howl and harsh reman command be broadcast through the corridor . data this way , sir ! they sprint down the twist , dark corridor -- reman warrior suddenly appear before they ! -- data fire the disruptor as picard launch himself into they -- a fight -- picard use a dazzlinq series of starfleet hand - to-hand maneuver -- he dramatically subdue the reman . more reman warrior appear down the corridor . picard grab a disruptor . and instantly spin to fire a blaze disruptor . a battle break out in the corridor -- the energy beam and explosion illuminate the violent fire fight in strobe- like burst . they run to another corridor and finally arrive at the shuttlebay door -- it do not open . data ( look at door security panel ) it seem to have a encrypt security system . reman warrior be close in on they . data toss he disruptor to picard -- picard catch it and instantly spin and fire -- he use both disruptor to fire down both end of the corridor like a western sheriff -- keep the reman at bay -- as data use both hand to punch number into the shuttlebay door security panel at a amazing rate -- picard alacrity would be appreciate , Commander . data they be try to override the access code . reman be really a most complex language with pictograph represent certain verb root and -- picard while I find that fascinating , data , we really need that goddamn door open ! the shuttlebay door slide open . picard lay down a blister barrage of cover fire as he and data duck into the shuttlebay . int . scimitar - shuttlebay - following when the door close behind they , picard turn and fire a disruptor blast -- sealing the door mechanism . they turn to face ... a fleet of very small shuttle . they be uniquely design . extremely compact and stream-line . a disruptor turret on each . they move toward one as : data accord to the ship 's manifest they be scorpion - class attack flier . they quickly climb a scorpion . int . scorpion cockpit - shuttlebay - following the cockpit of the scorpion be cramped . picard climb into the pilot 's position . data assume the gunner 's position . they see disruptor fire try to burn through the door to the shuttlebay -- picard power up the scorpion as : picard ( try to figure out the control ) what do you imagine this be ? data Port thruster , sir . would you like I to drive ? picard shoot he a look and press some control . the scorpion lift off . hover a few foot over the deck . picard elegantly swing it around toward the large shuttlebay external door as : picard can you open the shuttlebay door ? data ( work control ) affirmative , sir . negative , sir . they have instigate security override and erect a force field around the external portal . picard well then ... only one way to go . he swing the scorpion around again so it be face the door they come through , the door back into the ship . data be dubious . data do you think this be a wise course of action ? picard we be about to find out ... power up disruptor and fire on my mark . data ready , Captain . picard Fire ! and the scorpion 's forward disruptor fire ! the door into the ship explode ! picard power forward ! int . scimitar corridor - following and the scorpion shoot into the corridor , past the stunne reman . picard bank sharply -- careen off the far side of the corridor but keep control . the scorpion zoom down the corridor . int . scorpion cockpit - scimitar - following picard be concentrate intensely -- it be like try to control the world 's fastest roller coaster . int . scimitar - corridor - following the scorpion bank around a corner -- it zig and zag through the ship at breakneck speed -- int . scimitar - observation lounge - night the door to the observation lounge explode in . the scorpion shoot into the room and up -- a disruptor blast shatter the etched glass dome at the top of the room -- and the scorpion zoom triumphantly into space ! ext . over romulus - space the scorpion seem to appear from nowhere -- slice through the cloak of invisibility around the scimitar -- int . enterprise - bridge - following the crew see the scorpion appear on the viewscreen . riker worf ! lock on transporter ! int . scimitar bridge - following shinzon see the scorpion as well . shinzon tractor beam ! now ! ext . over romulus - space but they be too late -- the scorpion dematerialize -- int . enterprise - cargo BAY - following and materialize in one of the Enterprise 's cargo bay . picard and data climb out -- picard ( to comm ) number one , emergency warp ! ext . over romulus - following the Enterprise dramatically power forward and up -- roll over in a great arc go into warp while still upside down . it disappear in a blaze of light . fade to ... int . scimitar - bridge - night shinzon sit in he command chair as the ship streak through space . he speak on viewscreen with he romulan collaborator . his face be even more finely vein now . shinzon the Enterprise be immaterial ! they will not make it back to federation space . suran ( on viewscreen ) ( angry ) this have go far enough ! shinzon I think we discuss patience , Commander . suran ( on viewscreen ) and mine be wear thin , young man ! we support you because you promise action . and yet you delay and you waste you time play game with picard while -- shinzon stand and briskly pull down he uniform tunic exactly as we have see picard do a thousand time . shinzon Commander suran , the game be over . in two day the federation will be crippled beyond repair . do that satisfy you ? suran ( on viewscreen ) ( grim ) for the moment . shinzon ( brutal ) and when I return ... you and I shall have a little talk about show proper respect ! int . romulan senate - chamber - following the viewscreen picture of shinzon snap out . the romulan sit for a silent beat . donatra do anyone in this room harbor any illusion about what he mean by " show proper respect " ? tal'aura what 's happen to he face ? suran I want opinion . he be clearly out of he mind . suran but can he complete he mission ? donatra should he ? they look at she . donatra be you prepare to have you hand drench in blood ? he will show they no mercy . and he sin will mark we all for generation . be that what you truly want , romulan ? a beat . donatra I think you should consider that question now -- or else you may have a lifetime to think about it in the dilithium mine . she turn and stalk out . int . enterprise - ready room - night beverly sit with picard and riker . beverly the more I study he DNA the more confusing it get . finally I could only come to one conclusion ... shinzon be create with temporal rna sequence . he be design so that at a certain point he aging process could be accelerate to reach you age more quickly , so he could replace you . picard but the romulan abandon the plan ... beverly as a result the temporal sequence be never activate . remember , he be suppose to replace you at nearly you current age . he be engineered to skip thirty year of life . but since the rna sequence be never activate , he cellular structure have start to break down . he 's die . picard dying ? riker he be not design to live a complete , human life span . plcard can anything be do for he ? beverly not without a complete myelodysplastic infusion from the only donor with compatible DNA . but that would mean drain all you blood . riker that 's why he go to all that trouble to capture you . plcard how long do he have ? beverly I can not be sure but the rate of decay seem to be accelerate . picard consider this . picard then he will come for I as a donor . int . enterprise - data' cabin - night data stand before the B - 9. the b-9 have be deactivate , he stand lifeless and immobile . data gaze deeply into he double 's identical feature . then he open a panel in the B - 9' neck and use a small instrument to activate the android 's head . the B - 9' eye spring to life . he look at data . b-9 brother . I can not move . data no , I have only activate you cognitive and communication subroutine . b-9 why ? data because you be dangerous . b-9 why ? data you have be program to gather information that can be use against this ship . b-9 I do not understand . data I know . a beat . data do you know anything about shinzon 's plan against the federation ? b-9 no. data do you have any knowledge of the tactical ability of he ship ? b-9 no. can I move now ? data no . I must deactivate you . b-9 for how long ? data indefinitely . b-9 how long be that ? a beat . data gaze at the b-9 deeply . data a long time , brother . data reach forward and deactivate he brother . the B - 9' eye lose the spark of life . he stand , freeze . data stand before he . int . enterprise - observation lounge - night picard be gather with he senior officer . a computer display illustrate geordi 's word about the power of shinzon 's weapon . we see a chill graphic of the biogenic pulse beam spread around a ship , then a whole planet . geordi it 's call a cascade biogenic pulse . the unique property of thalaron radiation allow the energy beam to expand almost without limit . depend on the radiant intensity it could encompass a ship ... or a planet . picard ( think ) and that 's exactly what he 's go to do . riker Sir ? picard his hatred of the federation be apparent . he would have build a weapon of that scope for one reason . he be go after Earth . riker oh boy . destroy humanity and the federation be crippled ... picard and the romulan invade . deanna how can you be certain ? picard I know how he think . a beat . riker ( to geordi ) and there 's no way to penetrate he cloak ? geordi no , sir . riker ( frustrated ) he could pass within 10 meter of every ship in starfleet and they would never know . beverly but we do have one advantage . ( to picard ) he need you blood to live . he might come after you first . picard I be count on it ... we have be order to head to sector 3274 . starfleet be diverting the fleet to meet we there . riker strength in number ? picard we can only hope so . a beat as he look at they gravely . picard he can not be allow to use that weapon . all other concern be secondary . do you understand I ? riker know exactly what picard be say : the Enterprise be expendable . riker yes , sir . picard stand . press a comm button . picard all hand . Battle station . int . enterprise - various angle we see a montage of the Enterprise prepare for battle . Crew member assume battle station . weapon locker ring open and Security officer hand out sidearm and phaser rifle . geordi and he Engineers establish emergency force field around the warp core . riker and worf brief officer on tactical plan ... data work at the bridge Science Station , analyze data on shinzon 's ship . picard walk through the corridor , he stop to talk with apprehensive young ensign . as we hear : picard ( v.o. ) Captain 's personal log. supplemental . we be head toward federation space at maximum warp . the crew have respond with the dedication I have come to expect of they . and like a thousand other commander on a thousand other battlefield throughout history , I wait for the dawn . the montage end as ... int . enterprise - sickbay - night picard enter sickbay . Dr. crusher and she medical staff be hard at work . they position anti-grav gurney and ready medical supplies . Security officer be hand out phaser . picard watch the grim preparation . beverly go to he , bolster she phaser . picard ( quietly ) to seek out new life and new civilization . Zephyr cochran 's own word . when Charles darwin set out on the h.m.s. beagle , on he journey into the unknown ... he sail without a single musket . beverly ( gently ) that be another time . picard how far we have come . let I know if you need anything . he start to go -- beverly Jean luc ... ( he stop ) ... he be not you . a beat . picard what make we who we be , Doctor ? can you tell I that ? she watch he go . int . scimitar bridge - night shinzon sit in he command chair , line with vein now . his viceroy again have he hand press to shinzon 's chest . shinzon how long ? viceroy a matter of hour now -- shinzon shove he away . stands . viceroy if you do not begin the procedure soon you will never make it back to romulus . you should not have delay . you should have kill picard the moment -- shinzon slam he command chair in fury . the viceroy watch he carefully . a beat . shinzon regains he composure . he sit again in he command chair . shinzon how long until we reach the rift ? viceroy ( check a console ) Seven minute . shinzon lean back , satisfied . and look at the viewscreen . the image on the viewscreen be shocking . the Enterprise only a few hundred yard away . ext . enterprise - space the Enterprise zoom through space . completely unaware of the predator directly above it . int . enterprise - astrometrics - night data be at work in astrometry . cartographic projection of star system ebb and flow on a large screen before he . picard enter . picard show I we current position . the image before they quickly change to show another sector and a blip represent the Enterprise . picard how long until we reach the fleet ? data at we current velocity we will arrive at sector 3274 in approximately 40 minute . the image before they change to show sector 3274 . we see blip denote starfleet ship move into position . picard gaze at the projection of star before they for a moment . picard ( quietly ) " for now we see but through a glass darkly ... " he say he 's a mirror . data of you ? picard yes . data I do not agree . although you share the same genetic structure , the event of you life have create unique individual . picard but so much be the same . on a biological level he be ... and I will not accept the idea that there be nothing I can do . I have a responsibility to try to make a human connection with he . data he would deny a " human " connection be possible . he consider himself entirely reman . picard he may have already reject my humanity , but you also have a twin . data no , sir , it be not possible . the b-9 be physically identical to I , although he neural pathway be not as advanced . but even if they be , he would not be I . picard how can you be sure ? data I aspire , sir . to be better than I be . the b- 9 do not . nor do shinzon . a beat . picard we will never know what shinzon might have be . have he stand where I do as a child ? and look up at the star . picard 's word linger in the air for a moment . then the projection before they sputter with static for a moment . flicker . data ( work control ) we be pass through the bassen rift . the projection will return when we have clear it . picard it 's interfere with we uplink from starfleet cartography ? data yes , sir . the rift effect all long - range communication -- picard ( urgent , to comm ) Commander riker , evasive maneuver ! too late . the ship quake -- a photon torpedo blast -- the Enterprise be under attack ! ext . the rift - space disruptor beam appear from nowhere -- streaking through space -- slamm into the Enterprise 's warp drive . the Enterprise recoil , dangerously drop out of warp in a furious lurch . the bassen rift be a strange area of electromagnetic distortion . Energy pattern crackle through space . int . scimitar bridge - following shinzon sit in he command chair . the viewscreen show the Enterprise before he . shinzon target weapon system and shield . I do not want the Enterprise destroy . on the viewscreen , we see disruptor blast streaking from the scimitar -- slice into the Enterprise . shinzon can you learn to see in the dark , Captain ? int . enterprise - bridge - following picard and data emerge from the turbolift as the ship rock -- picard report . riker he 's fire through he cloak . we can not get a lock . geordi ( at engineering station ) he disabled we warp drive with he first shot . we have only get impulse . worf Long range communication be impossible as long as we be in the rift -- the ship shudder again -- picard worf , prepare a full phaser spread , zero elevation . all bank on my mark . scan for shield impact and stand by photon torpedoe . worf aye , sir the ship rock again . picard Fire ! ext . the rift - space the Enterprise fire she phaser simultaneously -- the energy beam shoot into space -- and the scimitar 's shape be momentarily illuminate as one of its shield be hit . photon torpedoe immediately shoot from the Enterprise -- but pass harmlessly through the area where the scimitar 's shield be momentarily illuminate . int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon you be too slow , old man . ( enter command in he chair console ) attack pattern shinzon theta . ext . the rift - space the invisible warbird make a dramatic run straight over the Enterprise -- fire steadily down as it sweep past it ; be a brutal , close range assault -- int . enterprise - bridge - following the bridge shake violently under the ruthless attack -- data we be lose dorsal shield -- picard full axis rotation to port ! Fire all ventral phaser ! ext . the rift - space the Enterprise instantly comply -- Rolling completely over to the leave , fire phaser up as shinzon 's invisible ship streak above it -- a few lucky phaser shot from the bottom of the Enterprise -- now shoot upward -- manage to momentarily illuminate the bottom shield of the scimitar as it sweep past above . int . enterprise bridge - following worf minimal damage to the scimitar . riker ( to helm ) defensive pattern kirk epsilon . geordi , get that shield online . picard ( to comm ) counselor troi , report to the bridge . riker unless we can disable he cloak we be just go to be fire in the dark . plcard agreed . worf Sir , we be be hail . picard on screen . shinzon appear on the viewscreen . he be on the bridge of the scimitar . shinzon ( on viewscreen ) Captain picard , will you join I in you ready room ? int . enterprise - ready room picard stand in he ready room . a flicker light shimmer across the room . and a perfect holographic representation of shinzon appear before he . shinzon you can not trace my holographic emitter , Captain . so do not bother . and you can not contact starfleet . we be quite alone . picard we be . shinzon it 's just the two of we now , Jean luc , as it should be ... you ship and mine ... you and I . picard why be you here ? shinzon to accept you surrender . I can clearly destroy you at any time . lower you shield and allow I to transport you to my ship . picard and what of the Enterprise ? shinzon I have little interest in you quaint vessel , Captain . if the Enterprise will withdraw to a distance of one hundred light year , it will not be harme . picard you know that 's not possible . shinzon I know ... you will all gladly die to save you home world . picard ( intense ) look at I , shinzon ! do you feel the blood pump inside you ? you hand , you eye , you nature , be the same as mine . buried deep inside you beneath the year of pain and anger be a capacity you have forget . it 's the one way we mirror can reflect the two of we exactly because it 's the very thing that truly define we . to be human be to try to make yourself better than you be . picard look at he deeply , relentlessly refuse to give up . picard I know you as well as I know myself , shinzon . there be a time you look at the star and dream of what might be . shinzon ( quietly ) Long ago . picard not so long . shinzon childish dream , Captain . lose in the dilithium mine of remus . I be what you see now . picard I see more than what you be . picard step toward he . picard I see what you could be . shinzon slowly back away as picard continue to move toward he relentlessly . picard the man who be Jean luc picard and shinzon of remus will not exterminate the population of a entire planet ! he be better than that ! shinzon ( desperate ) he be what he life have make he ! shinzon be in turmoil . picard sense this . he proceed quietly : picard and what will he do with that life ? shinzon look at he , question . picard if I be to beam to you ship ... let you complete you medical procedure , give you a full life ... what would you do with the time ? shinzon do not respond . picard you once ask I about you past . you history . when I be you age , I burn with ambition . I be very proud and my pride often hurt people . I make every wrong choice a young man can ... but one thing save I ... I have a father who believe in I . who take the time to teach I a better way . you have the same father . shinzon yes . picard so if I give you my life , what would you do with it ? would you spend the year in a blaze of hatred as you be now ? or could you change ? could you try to remember a mother 's touch you never feel ? a father 's word you never hear ? could you do that ? shinzon ( quietly ) I do not know . picard but you want to . shinzon do not respond . but picard know he have make a connection . for this brief moment reconciliation be possible . he proceed quietly : picard let I tell you about we father . shinzon look at he with a aching sadness . what might have be . shinzon that 's you life ... not mine . picard please . shinzon it 's too late . picard you can still make a choice ! make the right one now ! shinzon I have no choice ! I can not fight what I be ! shinzon back away , unable to fight he nature : shinzon I will show you my true nature . you nature . and as Earth die -- remember that I be forever shinzon of remus ! and my voice will echo through time long after yours have fade to a dim memory . shinzon end the transmission and he holographic image flicker and fade away . picard stand alone , drain . int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon stride quickly to he command chair , bark to he viceroy : shinzon disable they weapon ! but before the viceroy can move the scimitar suddenly rock -- attack from somewhere ! shinzon be stunne . shinzon report ! reman officer two ship decloak , sir ! romulan ! int . enterprise - bridge - following picard stride to he command chair as two romulan warbird appear on the viewscreen . deanna be now on the bridge . riker believe it or not , I think the cavalry have arrive . worf we be be hail . picard on screen . on the viewscreen : Commander donatra shimmer into view . donatra ( on viewscreen ) Captain picard , Commander donatra of the warbird valdore . might we be of assistance ? picard you timing be impeccable , Commander . donatra ( on viewscreen ) the Empire consider this a matter of internal security . we regret you have become involved . picard when this be over , I owe you a drink . on the viewscreen , the valdore rock from a disruptor blast . donatra ( on viewscreen ) romulan ale , Captain . let 's get to work . valdore out . the transmission end . picard ( to worf ) you hear the lady . get to work . move you ass ! ( the romulan warbird must remain decloak to fire weapon and be visible throughout the battle . ) although shinzon 's ship be still cloak , the steady barrage of triangulate phaser and disruptor fire from the Enterprise and the two romulan vessel illuminate its shield with impact . int . enterprise - bridge - following picard ( to worf ) coordinate we attack with the valdore 's tactical officer . triangulate fire on any shield impact . worf aye , sir . the Enterprise rock from a photon torpedo impact -- data aft shield be down to forty percent . riker ( to helm ) keep we bow to the scimitar . auxiliary power to forward shield . int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon sit quite calmly in he command chair . shinzon target the flanking warbird . all forward disruptor bank on my mark . ext . the rift - space it be a chaos of starship as the Enterprise and the two warbird fire steadily -- illuminate the scimitar 's shield . the ship sweep around one another , maneuver for position , fire constantly . the battlefield seem impossibly crowded as the four vessel evade and attack ; as phaser and disruptor beam criss -cross space . then the scimitar unleash a devastating volley ... all she forward disruptor bank fire at once -- they literally cut one of the romulan ship in half -- a huge explosion -- debris shoot across space and slam violently off the Enterprise 's forward shield -- ! int . enterprise - bridge - following the ship rock dangerously ! data forward shield be down to ten percent . riker ( to helm ) bring we about ! ext . the rift - space the Enterprise quickly turn about -- fire she aft phaser , as the valdore sweep toward shinzon 's ship , fire -- int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon let she pursue -- drop cloak on the aft port quadrant and prepare for full emergency stop . viceroy ( startle ) what ?! shinzon you hear I . int . valdore - bridge - following donatra lean forward in she command chair , look at viewscreen . she see part of the scimitar 's rear cloakning fall away -- donatra she 's lose she cloak ! stand by all forward disruptor bank ! int . scimitar - bridge - following viceroy she 's almost on we . shinzon not yet . on the viewscreen we see the valdore in pursuit , gain . the reman crew be get nervous . viceroy praetor ... shinzon full stop and FIRE ! ext . the rift - space the scimitar lurch to a stop ! too fast for the valdore to respond in time -- it fly over the scimitar -- and the scimitar fire ! a devastating volley of photon torpedoe rip into the underbelly and aft of the valdore as it streak past -- the valdore careen out of control and then slow to a stop . it float dead in space . int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon restore the aft cloak . and bring we about . he lean back in he command chair , ready for the final battle . int . enterprise - bridge - following a bloody Commander donatra be talk to picard on viewscreen . her bridge be in ruin . donatra ( on viewscreen ) I be afraid that drink will have to wait , Captain . picard do you have life support ? donatra ( on viewscreen ) for the moment . but we be dead in the water . picard understood -- then the ship rock -- ext . the rift - space the invisible scimitar sweep past for a particularly brutal assault -- disruptor blast streak along the Enterprise 's hull -- a huge , rip series of explosion tear away several deck of the Enterprise -- int . enterprise - bridge - following data we have lose structural integrity on deck twelve through seventeen , section four through ten . geordi emergency force field be hold . riker evacuate that deck and reroute field power to forward shield . deanna go to picard : deanna Captain -- I might have a way to find they . picard counselor ? deanna the one thing he may have forget in the course of battle : I . picard make it so . she quickly go to worf at tactical . int . scimitar - bridge - night shinzon be enter tactical command in he chair console . shinzon prepare a lateral run -- all starboard disruptor . then the viceroy suddenly stiffen , alarm in he eye -- viceroy no ! int . enterprise - bridge - following deanna concentrate furiously , eye close . she stand with worf , she hand slowly move he over the photon torpedo target display . it be a wrenching experience as she probe with she thought . deanna he 's resisting I . she be in pain . int . scimitar - bridge - following the viceroy concentrate , try to block she probing thought . shinzon what be it ?! focus on you job !!! viceroy she be here . int . enterprise - bridge - following deanna continue to move worf 's hand over the target display . she be sweat , panting for breath , concentrate fiercely . int . scimitar - bridge - following the viceroy resist she -- they psyches lock in battle . deanna appear in the viceroy 's mind , she glare at he . deanna remember I ? int . enterprise - bridge - following her eye snap open -- deanna now ! worf instantly fire a full volley of photon torpedoe . ext . the rift - space a full spread of photon torpedoe shoot through space . and connect ! a series of devastating impact -- and the scimitar 's cloak fail ! int . enterprise - bridge - following picard stand quickly . picard Savage they ! ext . the rift - space and the Enterprise attack ! it fire all weapon simultaneously -- phaser and photon torpedoe slam into the scimitar ! shinzon 's ship respond quickly -- maneuver for position and return fire ! int . scimitar - bridge - following the bridge have be damage , spark sputter through the darkness and debris litter the deck . shinzon eye reflect a grow sense of desperation . shinzon ( spin to he viceroy ) prepare a board party -- bring I picard ! the viceroy stride out as shinzon spin to another officer . shinzon get the cloak back ! and target shield coordinate beta three . all disruptor . Fire ! on the viewscreen , we see disruptor beam focus on a tiny part of the Enterprise 's lower shield , slamm into they . int . enterprise - bridge - night data Captain , we have lose ventral shield on deck twenty nine . picard divert power and compensate -- a alarm klaxon suddenly ring through the bridge . worf intruder alert ! riker let 's go . riker and worf quickly head toward the turbolift as : worf ( to comm ) Security detail to deck twenty nine . data immediately assume worf 's position at tactical . int . enterprise - lower deck - night riker and worf stride with a security detail through the cramped lower deck . a sudden disruptor blast stop they cold ! the viceroy and he invasion force of a dozen reman Warrior be down the corridor ! the Enterprise crew return fire . it be a blaze phaser battle , worf lead he man with klingon courage . they steadily advance in the face of the blister disruptor fire -- they be get the upper hand when riker see the viceroy escape into a jeffery tube -- riker worf . worf instantly dive into the corridor -- landing hard and slide forward on he stomach all the while fire a steady burst from he phaser rifle . riker use the cover to dive after the viceroy , follow he into the dark jeffery tube , intent on destroy the man who have be torment he wife -- int . enterprise - bridge - following the scimitar sweep into view on the viewscreen -- fill the screen -- and launch a ferocious volley of photon torpedoe . a huge explosion as the viewscreen and some of the forward bridge be blown apart -- the helm Officer be sucked into space before a flicker emergency force field spring into position -- deanna race to assume the helm -- picard can now see he enemy directly through the gape hole in the ship 's hull -- he see the scimitar banking for another attack run as part of the ship disappear -- geordi he 's get he cloak back . we have exhaust we compliment of photon torpedoe . phaser bank be down to four percent . picard what if we target all phaser in a concentrate attack ? data the scimitar 's shield be still at seventy percent . it would make no difference , sir . picard think . deanna they be stop ... through the hole in the hull , picard see the scimitar slowly turn . slowly advance . they see another part of the scimitar disappear , the cloak return . geordi what 's he do ? picard ( grim ) he want to look I in the eye . int . enterprise - jefferies tube - following below deck , riker stalk the viceroy through a labyrinthine series of access tunnel . it be like a scene from alien . the flicker half - light and red emergency strobe of the crippled ship make this a ominous sequence . the viceroy be in he element , use to the perpetual night of the reman homeworld , he can see in the dark . riker move through the darkness , hunt for the viceroy . he stop , phaser ready . he peer into the dark tunnel ahead of he . see nothing . we tilt up and see ... the viceroy cling to the ceiling directly above riker ! Hidden in the darkness . the viceroy attack ! -- diving down on riker -- he lethal reman knife slashing through the darkness -- int . enterprise - bridge - following picard stand ... watch the scimitar maneuver into position . large part of it be now cloak . it stop . only a few hundred yard from the Enterprise , its great prow almost fill the gape hole at the front of the bridge . picard think , he mind racing . then it come to he in a flash : picard he think he know exactly what I be go to do ... geordi Sir ? picard we have get he ! he sit in he command chair and begin quickly enter command instruction in he chair console . int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon , supremely confident , lean back in he command chair . shinzon open a channel . int . enterprise - bridge - following picard be still enter command in he chair console . data we be be hail . picard deanna , stand by . ( to data ) open a channel . shinzon ( v.o. ) I hope you be still alive , Jean luc . picard I be . shinzon ( v.o. ) do not you think it 's time to surrender ? I will have my cloak back in a matter of minute and you poor ship be shot to piece . why should the rest of you crew have to die ? picard continue to enter command code -- transmit they to deanna at helm -- she receive the command , nod . all of this as picard busy some time : picard I never tell you about my first Academy evaluation , do I ? I receive very high mark for my study . but I be find lack in certain other area . personality trait , you might say . in particular I be think to be extremely ... ( he glare up at the prow of the scimitar ) ... over - confident . picard indicate for data to end the communication . then : picard ( quickly ) geordi , put 211 power to the engine . take it from life support if you have to -- everything you can give I . geordi aye , sir . picard deanna , on my mark . geordi ready , sir ! picard lean forward in he chair : picard ( on comm ) all hand , brace for impact ! ( to deanna ) engage . ext . the rift - space the Enterprise power forward in a final thrust -- ! int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon see it come -- utterly shocked -- bolt up -- shinzon hard to port ! too late . ext . the rift - space a massive collision as the Enterprise slam into the scimitar -- as it smashes and grind into shinzon 's ship -- the scimitar reel -- int . enterprise - bridge - following everyone go flying ! ext . the rift - space the two great ship be now lock together , slowly rotate in space . the forward part of the Enterprise 's saucer be enmesh in shinzon 's ship ; two scorpion with they claw lock . int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon stand in the ruin of he bridge . many of he bridge crew be now dead . shinzon divert all power to engine . full reverse ! ext . the rift - space every part of the Enterprise rock -- a great lurch as the scimitar begin to tear itself free -- back away -- a deafen shriek of metal -- both ship be be tear to piece in the process -- but it be work -- the scimitar be rip free , wrenching itself loose . int . enterprise - jefferies tube - following the jeffery tube shudder as the scimitar continue to tear itself free -- riker and the viceroy careen through the tube . the viceroy recover quickly and coil for a final attack . riker see that a access plate have be loosen in the collision -- he desperately rip it away -- know the relay behind will provide he with the advantage he need -- Bright light strobe from the relay and the viceroy be momentarily blind -- riker use this opportunity to attack ! he dive forward -- slamm into the viceroy -- they both tumble into a long , vertical access tunnel -- they fall ! riker shoot out a hand and grab a ladder -- the viceroy , grab onto riker , he talon digging into he uniform -- a long drop below they ! riker force the viceroy 's head back -- away from he -- a brutal struggle -- riker glare at he . riker do not worry -- Hell be dark . riker use every ounce of strength he have leave -- push the viceroy off he -- the viceroy fall down the long tunnel -- to he death . int . enterprise - bridge - following the whole Enterprise bridge quake as the scimitar continue to pull itself free -- picard stand , steadying himself on he command chair . picard data , I need you . data join picard as : picard Computer . auto-destruct sequence omega . Zero time delay . recognize voice pattern Jean luc picard . authorization Alpha Alpha Three Zero five -- computer ( v.o. ) Auto -destruct be off-line . then the ship give a final lurch . the scimitar be free . a eerie moment of silence after the explosive tear and grind . picard watch through the gape hole in the hull as the scimitar back away . another section of the scimitar disappear . shinzon almost have he cloak back . int . scimitar - bridge - following shinzon stare at the Enterprise . a wave of sickness overcome he for a moment , he double over . we actually see more vein appear on he face . time be run out . shinzon target disruptor . destroy they . reman officer disruptor be off-line , sir . a beat . shinzon look up . shinzon deploy the weapon . kill everything on that ship . then set a course for Earth . reman officer what about picard ? shinzon we great goal be more important , brother . reman officer but , praetor , you will not survive without he ... shinzon gaze at the Enterprise on the viewscreen . shinzon some ideal be worth die for , be not they , Jean luc ? ext . rift - space the entire scimitar slowly begin to unfold . like a gigantic version of the small spider - weapon we see kill the romulan Senators before , leg appear and hoist up a savage weapon . the cascade pulse . int . enterprise - bridge - following picard and the other watch the monstrous cascade pulse weapon slowly deploy . picard how long until he can fire ? geordi the target sequence should take about four minute . deanna but how can he ? he will kill you . picard this be not about I anymore . picard 's face be set , resolute . he know what he must do . picard grab a phaser rifle from a weapon locker as ... picard prepare for a site- to-site transport . geordi ( concerned ) Sir , we will not be able to bring you back . it 's a one way trip . Captain , I do not know if the transporter -- picard that 's a order , Commander . data Sir , allow I to go . you be need here . picard negative . data Sir ... deanna take data 's arm . look at he . she know this be something picard must do himself . deanna let he go . picard power up the phaser rifle as : picard ( to data ) you have the bridge , Commander . use all available power to move away from the scimitar . ( to geordi ) now , mister La Forge . geordi aye , sir . geordi nervously work some control on he console and picard dematerialize . then the transporter panel explode in a shower of spark . geordi that 's it . transporter be down . data think for a moment . then : data counsellor troi , please assume command . geordi , if you will come with I . he head toward the turbolift , geordi follow . int . scimitar - corridor - night several remen warrior in the corridor turn and fire . riker return fire , a series of lightning fast pulse from he phaser rifle . int . enterprise - forward corridor - night data and geordi stand in a long corridor . the far end of the corridor open to space . a emergency force field be in place at the end of the corridor . geordi operate a tricorder and another force field flicker on around he . data look toward the end of the corridor , readying himself . data what be we approximate distance ? geordi ( scan with tricorder ) 400 meter . data thank you . data back up a little more he look at geordi again . deeply . data thank you , geordi . deactivate the field . geordi operate he tricorder and the force field at the end of the corridor snap off -- the void of space fill the corridor and data take a run start -- he race down the long corridor and leap -- ext . the rift - space -- into space . he float toward the scimitar , he momentum carry he . carry he too far ! he be go to miss the scimitar -- almost past it now ! he thrust out a hand -- and just miss a piece of dangle wreckage ! data be float helplessly through space . doom . then he slam into a invisible piece of the partially cloak on the ship ! he grab onto the invisible part of the ship and pull himself up to the hull . he rip open a access panel with he superior strength and climb inside . int . scimitar - bridge - night shinzon stand , he eye glue to the Enterprise on the viewscreen . we see a monitor show that the cascade pulse weapon be lock on the Enterprise . most of the light on the shattered bridge now come from the three steadily pulsing warp core relay which soar up through the floor . computer ( v.o ) forty -seven . forty six ... suddenly -- a massive blast as the door to the bridge explode in . shinzon spin to see -- picard frame in the doorway , phaser rifle ready . picard instantly fire for the cascade pulse control -- but shinzon dive to cover it -- the phaser blast hit shinzon in the chest -- he recoil , slamm to the deck , stunne . the few remain reman on the bridge spin to picard , fire disruptor -- picard dive for cover and battle they with he phaser rifle -- he succeed in stun the reman but a final disruptor blast knock picard to the deck -- the phaser rifle spin away -- computer ( v.o. ) twenty nine ... twenty eight ... shinzon pull himself up and race to snatch up a disruptor from a fall comrade -- as picard leap up , grab a piece of wreckage , a long metal rod -- picard thrust it forward like a spear -- impaling shinzon . a stunne moment of silence as shinzon gaze at picard , almost with a look of disbelief . blood spew from he mouth as he let out a torment cry . and then , amazingly , shinzon force himself forward -- push picard back against a wall -- shinzon slowly walk toward picard , force himself down the length of the spear -- the spear point explode through shinzon 's back -- the weight of shinzon 's body be pin picard against the wall -- time be run out -- computer ( v.o. ) eighteen ... seventeen ... shinzon force himself down the spear : shinzon I be glad we be together now -- we destiny be complete . he finally thrust himself down the whole spear and clasp he die hand firmly around picard 's throat -- computer ( v.o. ) ten ... nine ... data sprint to the bridge -- he instantly tear open he wrist and pull out the small , silver disc we see earlier -- the emergency Transport unit -- he slap it on picard 's shoulder . a final look between they -- computer ( v.o. ) Seven .. six ... data activate the etu -- picard dematerialize . data look at the space where picard be and say simply : data Goodbye . then he spin and pull out he phaser -- and fire point-blank into the scimitar 's warp core relay -- the bridge explode -- data be incinerate -- ext . the rift - space the scimitar blast apart in a massive flash -- int . enterprise - bridge - following picard re-materialize . he see the brilliant flash from the explosion through the gape hole in the front of the bridge . deanna sit at helm , she face a mask of pain . geordi stand on the upper rear deck , head down . a long beat as picard just stand on he ruin bridge , the thousand - yard stare of a combat veteran in he eye . riker emerge from the turbolift . go to picard . riker Sir ? picard do not answer , he just stare forward . deanna go to riker . deanna data . riker look toward the glow debris field in the distance . he put a arm around deanna . silence . geordi Sir , we be be hail . picard on screen ... ( he remember there be no longer a viewscreen ) ... open a channel . donatra ( v.o. ) this be Commander donatra of the valdore . we be dispatch shuttle with medical personnel and supplies . picard thank you , Commander . the transmission end . picard ( flat ) geordi ... prepare the shuttlebay for arrival . they do not know we procedure so just ... open the door . geordi I will take care of it , sir . picard number one. ( a beat ) you have the bridge . he turn and head toward he ready room . the other watch he go with great sadness . when the ready room door close behind picard , deanna finally allow herself to cry . riker hold she closely . slow fade to ... int . enterprise - crew lounge - night hour later . the senior crew be solemnly gather in the shattered remain of the crew lounge . picard , riker , deanna , beverly , worf , geordi . they wear they dress uniform . picard go to each of they . he carry a small , metal box . they each take something from the box . at first we , do not quite see what they be do . then we realize they be affixing black bar to the collar of they uniform . mourn band . picard pour six glass of he precious chateau picard . each take a glass . picard raise he glass . picard to absent friend ... of family . they toast data . slow fade to ... int . enterprise - picard be cabin - night picard sit at he desk , speak quietly to someone we do not see . picard I do not know if all this have make sense to you , but I want you to know what kind of man he be . in he quest to be more like we , he help show we what it mean to be human . we see it be the now re-activate b- 9 sit across from he . b-9 my brother be not a human . picard no , he be not ... but he wonder and he curiosity about every facet of human life help all of we see the best part of ourselves . he embrace change ... because he always want to be more than he be . b-9 I do not understand . picard well , I hope someday you will . worf interrupt on comm : worf ( v.o. ) ( on comm ) Captain , the hemingway have arrive to tow we to spacedock . picard on my way . please notify Commander riker ... ( he stand , prepare to go ) ... we will talk later ? the b-9 do not respond . he be look rather blankly at the padd on picard 's desk . picard begin to leave when a sound stop he ... hum . he turn back to the B - 9 . the b-9 be still look blankly at the padd ... but he 's hum lightly to himself ... then he begin to sing , very softly ... b-9 " Blue sky , smile at I , nothing but blue sky do I see . " then the b-9 be silent . picard watch he for a moment ; great emotion play over he feature , and then go . int . enterprise - corridor - night picard and riker head toward a turbolift ... make they way past the debris littering the corridor . picard I be sorry you will not be here for the re-fit , but I know the titan need you immediately . riker do not respond . picard stop , look at riker deeply . picard the titan 's a fine ship , will . and she 's get a captain worthy of she . riker she 's the most beautiful ship I have ever see . ( he touch a wall of the corridor ) ... but she 's not the Enterprise . picard I promise you in time , she will become you home ... if I could offer you one piece of advice ? riker anything . picard when you first officer insist that you can not go on away mission ... ignore he -- riker ( smile ) I intend to . a moment . riker ( with difficulty ) serve with you have be a honor . picard the honor be mine . Captain riker . ext . enterprise - spacedock - over earth a few week later . the Enterprise be enclose in the great womb of a spacedock . the ship be be rebuilt . int . enterprise - bridge - night a fresh - face young officer , commander martin madden , pace nervously outside picard 's ready room . brace himself before enter . behind he we can see technician work everywhere around the bridge , try to rebuild it . worf be talk to a young officer at tactical and geordi be work at the engineering station . we also see new command chair be install . ( although we do not see it in this scene , the gape hole at the front of the bridge have not yet be repair . ) a young andorian woman , the new ops officer , smile at madden 's nervousness . her antennae twitch slightly in amusement . he see she . madden so ... what 's the old man like ? ops officer why do not you go in and find out ? Commander madden prepare himself . int . enterprise - ready room - following picard be talk to beverly on viewscreen . she be in she new office at starfleet Medical . beverly ( on viewscreen ) you can not imagine they , Jean luc . they be kid ! all with advance degree in xenobiology and out to conquer every disease in the quadrant . picard ( smile ) remind I of a young doctor I use to know ... beverly ( on viewscreen ) they be run I rag . nothing but question day and night ... I love it ! come to dinner and I will tell you all about it . there 's a bajoran band at the officer 's mess . picard not tonight , I have work here . beverly ( on viewscreen ) soon then . I will save the last dance for you . Commander madden enter quickly -- he do not use the door chime so picard be surprised . madden Commander Martin madden report for duty , sir . picard stand , they shake hand as : picard welcome aboard , Commander . I hope , you transfer do not come as too much of a surprise . madden I be ... honore , sir . picard I need you immediately to help oversee the re-fit ... ( gather up some padd from he desk ) ... you service record on the talo be exemplary , but there be a few thing I would like to discuss with you regard my requirement for a first Officer . shall we say dinner in my quarter at 1900 hour ? madden very good , sir . picard head toward the door , carry a few padd . picard Commander , I do not know how they do it on the talo , but we have door chime on the Enterprise . we use they . madden yes , sir . sorry , sir . picard go to the bridge , madden follow ... int . enterprise - bridge - following they emerge to the bridge as worf be argue with the cocky young ensign busy install picard 's new high - tech command chair . worf you do not understand the Captain -- there should be no change until we have discuss the modification with he . picard go to they : picard what 's this ? worf ( grumble ) you new chair , sir . ensign it 's the Mark Seven , Captain . state-of- the-art ergonomics ... command interface with -- worf I tell he you be comfortable with you old chair . picard let 's give it a try . he settles into he new command chair . look around for a beat at he new bridge crew . Fresh - face kid . a new generation to teach and nurture . he smile . picard feel good . worf and geordi exchange a look , surprised . ensign ( point ) try that button , sir . picard press a button on the chair and -- zip -- metal restraint fly into position around he waist and shoulder . seatbelt ! picard be surprised . a beat . then picard smile . picard it 's about time . he press the button again and the restraint zip back into the body of the chair . he be delighted . he turn to madden : picard Commander , please sit down ... madden sit in the first Officer 's chair , picard share a padd with he . picard ... we have receive we first assignment . we be go to be explore the denab system . it should be exciting . it 's a place ... where no one have go before . and we cut to -- ext . enterprise - spacedock - over earth - following through the hole in the hull we see picard talk to madden . picard at work , at peace . where he be mean to be . we slowly pull back from picard and the Enterprise . as we hear the B - 9' soft tone . Gentle . hopeful . b-9 ( v.o. ) " never see the sun shine so bright , never see thing go so right . notice the day hurry by , when you be in love , my how they fly . Blue day , all of they go , nothing but blue sky from now on . " we revolve away from the Enterprise and Earth toward the star . then zoom forward into the cosmos as the rouse " next generation " theme explode over end credit . fade out .