Star Trek V : the final Frontier fade in : 1 ext . desert - day shimmer wave of heat . a flat , unforgive landscape stretch to infinity . a storm of dust gather on the horizon , small at first , increase in size as it roll toward we . superimpose : nimbus III in the neutral zone a withere tree be reveal f.g. with a rifle lean against it . superimpose : " the planet of galactic peace " 2 ext . dry lake bed - day camera pan a arid expanse of scorched earth . j'onn , a rag and malnourish homesteader of some alien race , toil beneath a blaze sun , he back to camera . he sink a augure device into the ground , drilling in vain for water . there be many hundred of hole in the earth around he . he suddenly straighten and squint into the dust storm as hoofbeat fill the soundtrack . 3 angle j'onn release he augure device and hurry toward he rifle . 4 j'onn' Pov ( intercut - slow motion ) horse and rider , dress in a hood cape , thunder toward he . 5 back to scene the camera tilt down revealing j'onn 's rifle as he cock the weapon . he use stone as ammunition , which slip from he hand and fall to the parched ground as he try to load the rifle . he turn and point the gun as the Rider continue he approach . 6 j'onn raise he gun as the Rider rein he horse to a halt ten foot short of he . the beast snort and stamp its hoof impatiently while the Rider study the frighten homesteader and remove a breathe apparatus from he mouth . finally , he speak . rider I think weapon be forbidden on this planet . the Rider swing down from the saddle . he 's tall , powerfully build beneath he dusty robe , he face shadow by a hood . he indicate they bleak surroundings . rider ( continue ) besides , I can not believe you would kill I for a field of empty hole . j'onn ( pathetic ) it 's all I have . j'onn sag under the futile weight of existence . the Rider approach he without fear . it 's all the homesteader can do to keep from sobbing . rider you pain run deep . j'onn ( sobbing ) what do you know of my pain ? rider let we explore it together . the Rider collect himself and concentrate deeply . j'onn be immediately transfix . he begin to tremble . tear flood he dirty cheek . rider ( continue ; soothing tone ) each man hide a secret pain . it must be expose and reckone with . it must be drag from darkness and force into the light . share you pain . share you pain with I and gain strength from the share . 6 continued : j'onn whimper and cry out in anguish . finally , the catharsis end . j'onn sob and rest he head on the Rider 's chest . he open he eye and blink in wonder and amazement at the Rider as he comfort j'onn . j'onn ( as if reborn ) where do you get this power ? rider the power be within you . j'onn ( try to find the word ) I feel as if a weight have be lift from my heart . how can I repay you for this miracle ? rider join my quest . j'onn what be it you seek ? rider what you seek . what all man have seek since time begin - ultimate knowledge . but to find it we will need a starship . j'onn a starship ? there be no starship on nimbus III . rider perhaps I have a way to bring one here . j'onn but how ? rider have faith , my friend . there be more of we than you know . 7 close on rider as he throw back he hood to reveal rugge charismatic feature . he 's bearded , he hair be shaggy . he have the pierce eye of a zealot and , to we surprise , point ear . his name be sybok . 7 continued j'onn ( o.s. ) you be a vulcan . sybock nod and do something we have never see a vulcan do . he smile . as he do , the first faint bar of the STAR trek theme well up on the soundtrack . 8 close on sybock as he cover he smile mouth with he hand . 9 another angle sybok stand by he horse , laugh . fade to white fade in : space music and credit play over a dazzle journey through the cosmos . planet , star and solar system flash by . no doubt about it , we be in for a rouse Star Trek adventure . as the final credit appear , we tilt down to a breathtaking shot of earth . CUT to : 11 ext . yosemite national park - close up - a hand - day title continue over the hand clutches at a sheer rock , grop for purchase . camera pull back to reveal captain jame T. kirk eight hundred foot above the surround forest . he climb up the face of El Captain without rope , grommet or equipment . just man against mountain . use the crack in the rockface for hand and foot hole , Jim kirk struggle up the treacherous incline , one painful inch at a time . we hold we breath , afraid he will fall . superimpose : " planet earth - yosemite national park - stardate : 8454.1 " end title 12 campsite below dr . leonard " bone " mccoy watch kirk 's progress through futuristic binocular with mount unease . from this distance kirk resemble a small fly on a big wall . mccoy ( mutter toward the mountain ) " you will have a great time Bones , you will enjoy you shore leave . you will be able to relax . " ( lowering binocular ) you call this relax ? I be a nervous wreck . ( a beat ) if I be not careful , I will end up talk to myself . 13 EL capitan - kirk he insert the pad of two finger into a narrow crack above he head . he exhales , focuss concentration . kirk pull himself up , balance on a ledge barely a inch wide . exhilated , he pause to admire the view . 14 kirk Pov a breathtaking but vertigo- induce high angle shot of yosemite . this may be the 23rd century but the park look the same as it do three hundred year ago . there be a soft whooshing SOUND and spock suddenly rise into frame . spock greeting , Captain . 15 wide shot spock hover in mid - air alongside the startle kirk , keep aloft by mean of levitation boot . his hand be clasped behind he back , typically spock-like . kirk ( he gasp ) spock - what be you do in this neck of the wood ? spock I be flatter . twelve hundred point of interest in yosemite and you pick I . spock do not take kirk 's hint to get lose . spock I regret to inform you that the record for free-climbing El Captain be in no danger of be break . kirk ( as he climb ) I be not try to break any record . I be do this because I enjoy it . not to mention the most important reason for climb a mountain ... spock and that be ? kirk ( with a smile ) because it 's there . spock ah , Captain ? kirk mm .? spock I do not think you realize the gravity of you situation . kirk slip but manage to gain a handhold and save himself . beneath he foot , a mini-avalanche of rock be dislodge , tumble to the valley below . kirk ( glaring at spock ) on the contrary . gravity be foremost on my mind . look , I be try to make a ascent here . why do not you go pester Dr mccoy for a while ? spock I believe Dr mccoy be not in the best of mood . 16 campsite below mccoy , still watch kirk 's progress , be get angrier by the second . mccoy ( grumble ) goddamn..irresponsible ... play game with life ... 17 EL capitan - kirk and spock kirk strain for the next handhold . spock concentration be vital . you must be one with the rock . kirk spock , I appreciate you concern , but if you do not stop distracting I , I be liable to be one ... and as kirk reach for the next crack , the ledge come loose underfoot and he find himself fall . 18 angle - spock he dive after kirk , fire booster to increase he speed . 19 angle - kirk twist and turn end over end as he hurtle downward . he thrashes at the air , unable to defeat gravity . 20 campsite mccoy turn away , unable to look . mccoy oh , my God ! 21 angle - kirk drop ... drop .. the ground rush up like a hungry mouth . a split second before impact ... 22 angle - spock the vulcan swoops into shot . his powerful finger grab kirk by the ankle and jerk he upward in the nick of time 23 campsite mccoy have not hear the expect splat . he turn to look and what he see be : 24 wide shot kirk be suspend in air , bob upside - down at the end of spock 's arm . 25 closer kirk and spock the top of kirk 's head be practically touch the ground . that 's how close he come to be pizza . kirk blink in disbelief . kirk oh , God spock perhaps " because it be there " be not sufficient reason for climb a mountain . kirk dangle - undignify but lucky to be alive . kirk I be hardly in a position to disagree . mccoy be hear in approach . 26 kirk Pov mccoy be see upside - down . kirk hello , Bones . mind if we drop in for dinner ? 27 ext . desert outpost - day the single outpost of civilization on this desolate world - a small , ramshackle village smack in the middle of nowhere , surround by high wall . a lone rider on horseback cross the desert , head for the outpost . superimpose : " paradise CITY - nimbus III " int . SALOON - day a 23rd century equivalent of a frontier saloon . futuristic honky -tonk music . the patron be rugge , unpleasant type . klingon , romulan , andorian , you name it . much drink and boisterous talk . argument . fistfight . two man play futuristic " pool " on a table fill with water . 29 a sexy catwoman dance atop of the bar , flick she long stripe tail and hiss seductively at she rowdy audience . 30 angle on SALOON door a stranger come from outside approach familiar western - style door . but instead of swinging open like you would expect , they whoosh apart automatically . the stranger step into the bar and the door whoosh back into place . 31 wide shot talk and noise go dead as the entire saloon turn its attention to the newcomer . the stranger , see only from the back , step into the squalid bar . the bartender jerk he thumb in the direction of the back room . the stranger cross to the back room and disappear inside . talk and noise resume . a veiwscreen be reveal b.g . as the cloak stranger pass through the room toward the back , we hear : television announcer's voice ... you dream can become a reality ... the paradise Inn ... lot to choose from . we at the paradise Inn attempt to create the close thing to paradise in paradise City , that be ... int . back room the stranger lower the breathe device from she face and be reveal to be a young woman . a romulan . her name be caithlin dar and she stand on the threshold of the room , try to adjust she eye to the murky surroundings . she 's a little nervous and a long way from home . the back room be a storage area for unwanted odd and end . a ceiling fan swishes overhead push hot air around . two man be sprawle in chair at opposite end of a table . they be two busy drink to notice caithlin 's entrance . caithlin gentlemen , I be caithlin dar . the man seat close to caithlin slowly swivel he head in she direction . he wearily extract himself from he chair and come forward . he 's a terran ( specifically , a englishman ) name ST . JOHN talbot . thin and dissipate , alcoholic , Talbot be a veteran of the diplomatic corps . he pat down he unruly hair and straighten he soile suit . he give caithlin a tired smile and extend a limp hand . talbot ah , yes . we new romulan representative . ( continue ) welcome to paradise City , my dear , capital of the so-called " Planet of galactic peace . " I be St John Talbot , the federation representative here on nimbus III . my charming companion here be the klingon consul , korrd ... caithlin regards the hulk figure at the other end of the table . korrd be a old , overweight klingon , a once - great warrior past he prime . he do not rise to greet caithlin . instead , he take a swig from a flagon and emit a earth -shake belch . caithlin I expect that 's klingon for hello . talbot wo not you come in , my dear ? 33 ext . paradise CITY j'onn clamber over a dune with determination . he aim he gun as sybock and he mount ride majestically to the top of the dune and continue on , follow by sybok 's soldier , a virtual army of rag settler - alien of every different race , the poor and the downtrodden - united in they devotion to sybok . 34 int . back room - SALOON caithlin twenty year ago , we three government agree to develop this planet together . korrd pour a drink from a bottle into he cup . korrd hmmm ... caithlin a new age be bear . talbot we new age have die a quick death . ( continue ) and the settler we con into come here - they be the dregs of the galaxy . they immediately take to fight amongst themselves . we forbade they weapon and they soon begin to fashion they own . caithlin well then , it appear I have arrive just in time . korrd look confuse . korrd mmmm ... there be shout from outside and the whine of a warning klaxon . ext . paradise CITY a handful of sentries brace themselves against the gate . it suddenly give way . camera crane up over the top of the arch to reveal sybok 's army on the threshold of the city . in they midst , tower majestically above they , be sybok on horseback . he urge he mount forward . with quiet determination , he and he army pour under the arch and proceed up the main drag . townspeople scurry for protection , anticipate a attack . that who consider challenging sybok be allay by the crude weapon and intimidating look of the follower . sybok intend to take this town by show of force without have to fire a shot . and it look like he will succeed . 36 ext . STREET outside SALOON korrd , caithlin and Talbot emerge to see what the hubbub be about . when they see the approach force , korrd and Talbot immediately turn tail and run back inside . after a moment , caithlin follow . 37 int . SALOON korrd , fear the worst , go behind the bar and open a bottle . he upend it and pour the content down he throat . he prefer to die drunk . Talbot and caithlin hurry to the viewscreen . Talbot move to turn off the program be broadcast . television announcer's voice .... we have spare no expense to create the close thing to .... caithlin and Talbot wait as a communication screen rise in front of they . the saloon door be force open . j'onn rush in . j'onn get away from that transmitter ! korrd lift he drink . j'onn grab he ; korrd push back . camera pan to reveal two armed soldier who grab korrd and hold he . the klaxon wind down to eerie silence as sybok enter , observe the action . he be follow by several soldier . sybok ( appraise they one by one ) romulan . terran . klingon . consider yourselves my prisoner . talbot ( scoffing ) prisoner ? we be already prisoner on this worthless lump of rock . what possible value could we be to you ? sybok nimbus III may be a worthless lump of rock , but it do have one unique treasure . it 's the only place in the entire galaxy that have the three of you . caithlin ( to sybok ; boldly ) I do not know who you be or what you want but I can tell you this : we government will stop at nothing to insure we safety . sybok ( with a smile ) that 's exactly what I be count on . on caithlin 's confuse look .. CUT to : 38 ext . space - earth - spacedock hanging in space like a big Christmas ornament . the big blue marble call Earth be visible in the distance . 39 int . spacedock a huge , cavernous area design as a high - and - dry for space vessel . among this warehouse of ship be the one we know best - u.s.s. enterprise ; ncc -1701-a. scotty' voice u.s.s. Enterprise , shakedown cruise report . I think this new ship be put together by monkey . she 's get a fine engine , but half the door will not open . and guess whose job it be to make it right ? 40 int . enterprise - bridge a meager repair crew lazily overhaul console and monitor . some thing work , most do not . one thing that do work be chief engineer montgomery scott who look up as communications officer uhura enter , step around cable . scotty ( grumble to himself ; as he rise ) borgus frat . scotty ( continue ; grumble to himself ) " let 's see what she 's get , " say the Captain . and then we find out , do not we ? uhura I know you will whip she into shape , scotty . you always do . scotty ( realize ) uhura , I think you be on leave . uhura and I think we be suppose to be go together . scotty ( indicate the ship ) oh , I can not leave she now when she need I the most . uhura I have a feel you would say something like that . so I bring we dinner . she hold up small modernistic food pack . scotty take one . scotty ( touch ) oh , lassie , you be the most understanding woman I know . the bridge light start to flash red . a ear-splitt klaxon sound . computer voice Red , Red , Red alert . Red alert. Red , Red , Red alert . scotty ( exasperate ) I just fix that damn thing . a man enter in b.g. carry a cable over he shoulder . scotty ( continue , to man ) turn it off , will you ? two man look at the console with concern . command voice Red alert . Red alert . this be a Red alert . Enterprise acknowledge . uhura go to she console , punch a button and respond . uhura this be Enterprise . identify yourself . command voice Enterprise , this be starfleet . we have a priority Seven situation in the neutral Zone . uhura stand by starfleet . ( signal scotty ) scotty , this be for real . scotty ( aghast ) they can not be serious . the ship 's in piece and we have less than a skeleton aboard . uhura starfleet , be you aware of we currant status ? command voice currant status understand . stand by to copy operational order and recall key personnel . uhura and scotty share grim look . 41 ext . earth - forest - day commander sulu and chekov tramp through dense wood . from they weary expression it 's clear they have be hike a long time . sulu lead the way . chekov trudge behind he . chekov admit it . we be lose . sulu all right , we be lose . ( with a smile ) but we be make good time . sulu 's communicator beeps . uhura' voice Commander sulu , come in , please . sulu I do not believe this . ( flip it out ) Commander sulu here . 42 int . enterprise bridge ( intercut ) uhura study a monitor show sulu and chekov as two blip on a grid . uhura bad news , gentleman . shore leave 's be cancel . chekov ( with relief ) rescued at last . uhura return to prearrange coordinate for pickup . sulu and chekov look at each other . chekov ( whisper ) do not tell they you be lose . you will never live it down . uhura be there a problem , gentleman ? sulu um ... yes . we have be catch in a blizzard ! chekov ( play along ) and we can not see a thing . request you direct we to the coordinate . chekov provide blizzard noise . on Enterprise , uhura listen to the " blizzard " and check she graphic display for weather report . she smile . uhura my visual say sunny sky and seventy degree . chekov sulu ! look ! the sun 's come out ! it 's a miracle ! uhura ( chuckle ) do not worry , fella . you secret 's` safe with I . I will send the shuttlecraft to pick you up . sulu uhura , I owe you one . sulu out . CUT to : 43 ext . yosemite - campsite - night mccoy stand over a blaze campfire . a cover pot simmer on the coal . mccoy ring a triangle . he 's slightly tipsy . mccoy ( call out ) come and get it ! com and get it ! camera pull back to reveal kirk and spock seat two foot away . kirk knock it .. knock it ... Bones ... Bones .. knock it off . we be right here . and we be starve . mccoy grin and crouch beside the cover pot . he revel in they undivide attention . with a flourish , he whip the lid off the pot to reveal a steaming mess of bean . spock bi-podal seed , Doctor ? mccoy bean , spock . but no ordinary bean . this be from a old Southern recipe hand down to I by my father . and if you stick you vulcan nose up at this , you be not only insulting I , but generation of mccoy 's . mccoy ladle out the bean . spock in that case , I have little choice but to sample you ... bean . kirk tear into he . spock try a forkful . he find the taste strangely exciting . spock ( continue ) mmmm . surprisingly good . it do have a flavor I be not familiar with . mccoy ah , that 's the secret ingredient . spock eat with enthusiasm . kirk you get any more of that secret ingredient , Bones ? mccoy be my guest . kirk thank you . mccoy grin and pull out a bottle of bourbon . spock stop in mid-chew and mccoy fill kirk 's cup . spock be I to understand that you secret ingredient be .. alcohol ? mccoy whiskey . Tennessee whiskey , spock . you care for a little snort ? kirk bourbon and bean , a explosive combination . ( mccoy laugh ) think spock can handle it ? mccoy be you kid ? with that vulcan metabolism , he could eat a bowl of termite and it would not bother he . spock as you be so fond of point out , Doctor , I be half human . mccoy well , it certainly do not show . spock thank you . mccoy how do you like that - this guy never change . I insult he and he take it as a compliment . ( drink from bottle ) mmmm . kirk ( drink from up ) ahhh . mccoy you know , you two could drive a man to drink . kirk ( innocent ) what do I do ? mccoy what do you do ? you really piss I off , Jim . human life be far too precious to risk crazy stunt . maybe it do not cross that macho mind of yours , but you should have be kill when you fall off that mountain . kirk it cross my mind . mccoy and ? kirk and , even as I fall , I know I would not die . mccoy ( nodd at spock ) oh ? I think he be the only one who 's immortal . kirk oh , no . it be not that . I know I would not die because the two of you be with I . spock I do not understand . kirk ( darkly ) I have always know ... I will die alone . mccoy ( frown ) well , I will call valhalla and have they reserve a room for you . ( shaking he head ) it 's a mystery to I what draw we together . all that time in space - get on each other 's nerve . and what do we do when shore leave come along ? ( laugh ) we spend it together . other people have family . kirk ( wistful ) other people , Bones . not we . they dwell on this think for a moment . then , kirk notice that spock have remove a sack from he backpack . spock reach into the sack and take out a marshmallow which he attaches to the end of a point stick . kirk what be you do ? spock I be prepare to toast a marsh melon . marsh melon ? kirk and mccoy hide they smile as spock hold the marshmallow over the fire . mccoy well , I will be damned . a marsh melon . where would you learn to do that ? spock before leave the ship , I consult the computer library to familiarize myself with the custom associate with " camp out . " kirk and mccoy play along , amused by spock 's dead serious approach to frivolity . mccoy well , tell I , spock . what do you do after we toast the marsh - er , marsh melon ? spock we consume they . mccoy I know we consume they . I mean after that . spock oh . I believe we be require to engage in a ritual know as the singalong . kirk that 's great . I have not sung around a campfire since I be a boy in Iowa . what be we go to sing ? what ... Bones , what be we go to sing ? mccoy ( think ) how about " camptown race ? " kirk " pack up you trouble . " spock be we leave , Captain ? mccoy it 's a song title , spock . kirk " Moon over rigel Seven ? " mccoy ( sing ) " row , row , row you boat ... " kirk " row , row , row you boat ... " I love " row ... " ( to spock ) do - do you know " row , row , row , row , row you Boat ? " spock that song do not come up in my research , Captain . kirk the lyric be - be very simple . it 's , er , " row , row , row you boat , gently down the stream . merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily , life be but a dream . . " the Doctor and I will start it off , and then when we give you the signal , you jump in . ( to mccoy ) Doctor , if you please . mccoy take a hit of booze and clear he throat . mccoy do not say I do not warn you . mccoy start to sing . kirk join in . maybe it 's the bourbon , but the two of they sound pretty good . kirk and mccoy ( overlap ) " row , row , row you boat , gently down the stream ... merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily , life be but a dream ... " they signal spock that it be he turn to jump in but the vulcan merely regards they quizzically . the singalong grind to a halt . mccoy ( sing ) ...life ... kirk come on , spock . why do not you jump in ? spock I be try to comprehend the meaning of the word . mccoy ( loose patience ) it 's a song , you green-blood vulcan . you sing it . the word be not important . what 's important be that you have a good time sing it . spock ( sincere ) oh . I be sorry , Doctor . be we have a good time ? mccoy ( give up ) God , I like he better before he die . kirk all right , all right , let 's call it a night , will ya ? mccoy ( overlap ) he just keep after it . kirk let 's go to bed and just let 's get some sleep . they prepare for bed . 44 long shot - campsite under a twinkle sky the three man sit around the campfire . faint night sound . cricket . a owl . then ... spock ( troubled ) Captain ? kirk spock , we be on leave . you can call I Jim . spock Jim . kirk yes , spock ? spock life be not a dream . kirk ( with a sigh ) go to sleep , spock . spock yes , Captain . kirk goodnight , Bones . mccoy ( sigh ) goodnight , Jim . they all lie down . kirk goodnight , spock . spock goodnight , Doctor . mccoy goodnight , spock ! spock goodnight , Jim . mccoy ( sigh ) I do not know . I just do not know . 45 ext . space a NASA Pioneer probe trumble through space . ancient , forget , the device be flotsam . o it 's side be a plaque show image of two human and simple mathematical and scientific symbol . it come past camera and out of shot . in the distance , a distortion appear and out of this distortion , a klingon Bird of prey materialize . 46 int . bird of prey - bridge Doors separate to admit klaa , the Bird of prey 's swashbuckle young Captain . he be meet by VIXIS , he first Officer , a statuesque klingon female . it 's clear she adore klaa . VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( Captain klaa , we have a target in sight . a probe of ancient origin . ) klaa ( n klingon ; subtitle ) ( difficult to hit ? ) VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( most difficult . ) klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( good . ) klaa 's crew watch with excitement as they Captain strap himself into he command chair which have be equip with a elaborate gunner 's rig allow klaa to do the shoot himself . klaa ( continue ; in klingon ; subtitle ) ( all weapon to my control ) a periscope- like device swing into position in front of klaa 's flash eye . klaa ( continue ; in klingon ; subtitle ) ( scope ! ) 47 periscope - klaa' Pov the probe be a tiny travel speck in the distance . it 's course be erratic . 48 ext . space the probe tumble through space as the Bird of prey swoops down for the attack . Machine gun - like phaser be mount on the Bird 's wing . they come to life and swivel , blasting a flange off the front of the probe . a second blast destroy a fin on the rear of the craft . a third shot blow away the antennae . klaa be toy with the target . he hesitates , then finish the probe off . 49 int . bird of prey - bridge vixis and anther crewman stand by , admire they Captain and he deadly skill . but klaa seem dissatisfied . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( shoot space garbage be no test of a warrior 's mettle . I need a target that fire back . ) VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( Captain , new data . hostages on nimbus III . ) klaa unstrap himself from the command chair and join vixis at a monitor screen . the fearsome face of a klingon commander fill the screen and start bark klingon over shot of nimbus III and the paradise outpost . it 's clear that the Bird of prey be be order to nimbus III . klaa and vixis be charge with excitement . VIXIS ( continue ; in klingon ; subtitle ) ( one of the hostage be a klingon . ) klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( and the other ? ) VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( a terran and a romulan . ) klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( that mean the federation will be send a rescue ship of its own . ) ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( plot course for nimbus III . I have always want to engage a federation ship . ) CUT to : 50 yosemite - night a blind light , a ball of great intensity , set down on the edge of the campsite , round kirk , spock and mccoy from sleep . mccoy get that damn light out of my face ! the three man rise and watch as a figure in silhouette emerge from the light and come forward . it 's uhura . uhura Mr. Scott apologize for have to send the shuttlecraft . the transporter beam be non-operational . Captain , we have receive important order from starlet Command . kirk why do not you beep my communicator ? uhura er ... you forget to take it with you . uhura hand kirk he communicator . it 's clear he leave it behind on purpose . kirk oh . I wonder why I do that ? ( to spock and mccoy ) well , gentleman , it appear shore leave have be cancel . pack out you trash . 51 ext . EL capitan - night the bright light leave the desert campsite and rise against the mountain . it turn toward camera and reveal itself as a sleek shuttlecraft of impressive design . aft thruster fire and it shoot skyward . 52 ext . space - angle - enterprise the ship be see in she shine glory above Earth , frame against a full moon . the approach Galileo shuttlecraft be dwarf by the magnificent starship . 53 int . galileo 5 shuttlecraft this be the Galileo 5 , capable of transport two dozen personnel . at the moment its passenger be kirk , spock , mccoy and uhura , who pilot the craft . kirk gaze fondly at the Enterprise . kirk " ... all I ask be a tall ship and a star to steer by . " mccoy melville . spock John masefield . mccoy be you sure about that ? spock I be well - verse in the classic , Doctor . mccoy ( cantankerous ) then how come you do not know " row , row , row you Boat ? " spock raise a eyebrow . 54 int . enterprise - control booth overlooking landing BAY on viewscreen , a graphic of the approach shuttlecraft . angle widen to reveal scotty . uhura' voice ready for landing . Enterprise , you have control . scotty we be do just fine . 55 control booth overlooking landing BAY Bay door open to receive Galileo . the tractor beam lock onto the shuttlecraft and slowly pull she inside . it 's a delicate maneuver . even with wing retract , the Galileo clear the door with only a few foot on either side . 56 control booth overlooking landing BAY scotty operate the control . 57 BAY and staging area the shuttlecraft come in for a smooth landing . its side hatch open to allow kirk and company to exit . there 's no one to greet they , just a few crewmen scurrying around . scotty appear . he may be exhaust and cover with grime but he 's in he element . sulu what happen ? scotty all I can say be that they do not make they like they use to . kirk you tell I you could have the ship operational in two week . I give you three . what happen ? scotty I think you give I too much time , Captain . kirk ( hide a smile ) very well , Mr. scott. carry on . scotty aye , Captain ( shouting to some unfortunate crewman ) how many time do I have to tell you ? the right tool for the right job ... camera follows kirk into the turbolift where spock , mccoy and uhura await . mccoy ( indicate scotty ) I do not think I have see he happier . elevator voice ( badly slur ) level .. level .. level ..? kirk Bridge . I hope . turbolift door close with a grinding SOUND . kirk , spock , mccoy and uhura be carry upward . kirk ( to spock , casually ) I could use a shower . spock yes . a surprised reaction from spock . CUT to : 58 int . enterprise - bridge Computers come to life . screen activate . 59 angle - turbolift a whoosh but only half the automatic door slide open . the other half be stick . kirk must manually force it open to enter the bridge . kirk do not anything work on this ship ? mccoy starfleet 's get some nerve send we out in this condition with this handful of people . female yeoman' voice Captain on the bridge . a attractive yeoman come forward with the jacket of kirk 's uniform . he shrug off he camp jacket as uhura and spock go to they station . mccoy shake he head at the noisy , messy bridge . uhura Captain , starfleet transmission on line . kirk put it on the veiwscreen , would you please ? kirk look at a wall console which begin short out . a crewman lie beneath it as spark begin to fly . the crewman hit he head on the wall console ; more spark . kirk take he captain 's uniform jacket from the yeoman . kirk can we have a little quiet , please ? he put on he Captain 's jacket . the camera pan to reveal the veiwscreen . kirk point , indicate the static on the screen . kirk can you ...? commander's voice be I on ? kirk can you clear that up ? the yeoman and a crewman stand near a toolkit which topple over . kirk be beginning to get aggravate . commander's voice hello ? 60 intercut with bridge - viewscreen kirk be still fiddling with he button as the face of the starfleet commander appear . behind the Commander , image and data . the image be shaky at first . kirk can we have it quiet ? commander image Enterprise , this be starfleet Operations . come in . kirk Bob ? commander image ( peer uncertainly ) Jim ...? well , we be dress informally , be not we ? kirk tuck in he shirt as he look up at the veiwscreen . his T-shirt red : " go climb a rock . " kirk you catch I on my way to the shower . commander image I apologize for cancel shore leave , but look , we have a dangerous situation out on nimbus III . kirk ( sarcastic ) on " the Planet of galactic peace ? " commander image the same . from what we can make out , a terrorist force have capture the only settlement . and they have take hostage . mccoy and spock look at the o.s. action on the viewscreen . commander image ( continue ) the klingon , the romulan , the federation consul . now I know Enterprise be not exactly up to specs ... kirk with all due respect , the Enterprise be a disaster . there must be other ship in the quadrant . commander image other ship , yes . but no experience commander . Captain , I need Jim kirk . kirk ( wry smile ) oh , please . commander image you order be to proceed to nimbus III , assess the situation and avoid a confrontation if possible . above all , however , get that hostage back safely . kirk have the klingon respond ? commander image no , but you can bet they will . kirk understood . kirk out . kirk address he expectant crew . kirk ( continue ) I be afraid the ship 's problem will have to be solve en route . since we be undermanned , I be count on each one of you to give he best . end of speech . let 's go to work . mccoy slide over to kirk . mccoy Jim if you ask I , and you have not , I think this be a terrible idea . we be bound to run into the klingon and they do not exactly like you . kirk the feel 's mutual . ( then , into comm ) kirk ( continue ) engine room . scotty' voice scotty here . kirk we will need all the power you can muster , mister . 61 engine room - scotty scotty do not you worry , Captain . we will beat that klingon devil even if I have to get out and push . 62 back to bridge kirk I hope it will not come to that , Mr. Scott . kirk turn off the comm , pick up he camp gear and sit in the Captain 's chair . kirk ( continue ) all possible speed , Mr. sulu . sulu aye -aye , sir . kirk settles into he command chair . he shift uncomfortably . mccoy what 's the matter , Jim ? kirk I miss my old chair . 63 angle on spock he contemplate they situation with concern . 64 another part of the galaxy the Bird of prey slice through the fabric of space head for nimbus III . 65 int . bird of prey - bridge klaa pace he deck like a restless buccaneer , eager for confrontation . vixis approach . VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( the starship Enterprise have be dispatch to nimbus III . ) klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( Enterprise ? that 's kirk 's ship ! if I could defeat kirk ... ) VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( ... you would be the great warrior in the galaxy . ) this fact be not lose on klaa . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( maximum speed ! ) the crew hop to it . klaa turn to vixis and give she the chest - thumping klingon salute . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( success ! ) vixis passionately return the gesture . VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( success ! ) 66 ext . space - angle - enterprise as she sail toward the neutral Zone . kirk voice Captain 's log , stardate 8450 ... 67 int . enterprise - bridge the camera pull back and rotate as kirk impatiently drum he hand on the malfunction Captain 's log disk machine . kirk ( continue ) Captain 's log , stardate 84 fif ... the recorder malfunction again ; a portion pop out . camera pull back to reveal kirk look off at the yeoman . uhura stand near the wall console . computer voice good morning , Captain kirk that 's it . forget it . the yeoman take the malfunction Captain 's log and walk off . uhura Captain , we be receive the hostage information you request . kirk put it on the screen . camera pan to reveal veiwscreen b.g. kirk join sulu and chekov at the control board ; be seat in the chair . computer voice this be a authorize transmission from starfleet galactic memory Bank . spock and mccoy come forward to watch . 68 intercut with bridge veiwscreen the screen come to life and fizzle out . then pop back on . factual information , photograph , film and visual illustration depict the background of the three hostage . kirk not General korrd . spock the same . he 's apparently fall out of favor with the klingon High Command . kirk ( fondly ) General korrd 's military strategy be require learn when I be a cadet at the Academy . when they put I out to pasture , I hope I fare better than korrd . mccoy oh , this must be the hostage tape . a tape of poor quality . image and SOUND come and go . a static shot of caithlin dar , flanke by Talbot and korrd . unlike the lively girl of the first scene . caithlin be now restrain , daze . Talbot and korrd be also strangely subdued . in the b.g. we can see several of sybok 's soldier brandish weapon . caithline image a short time ago , we willingly surrender ourselves to the force of the galactic Army of Light . at this moment we be in they protective custody . they leader assure we that we will be treat humanely so long as you cooperate with he demand . I believe he sincerity . he request that you send a federation starship to parlay for we release at once . be assure that we be in good health , and would appreciate you immediate response . sybok' image I deeply regret this desperate act , but this be desperate time . I have no desire to harm this innocent but do not put I to the test . I implore you to respond immediately . end of transmission . spock stride to uhura 's console . he backwind the tape and freeze frame on sybok 's face . it 's blurry , indistinct . spock be transfix by the image . kirk ( concerned ) what be it ? you look like you have see a ghost . spock perhaps I have , Captain . perhaps I have . CUT to : 69 ext . deep space - angle - enterprise as the ship come past camera , we move in on a single window in the forward area of the dish . 70 int . enterprise - forward observation room a vast area design for contemplation . the most arrest feature be a antique ship 's wheel - the kind Horatio hornblower might have steer . the wheel stand in front of tall curving window that offer a impressive space vista . spock be beside the wheel stare at the star , lose in think . kirk and mccoy enter with urgency and approach spock , interrupt be reverie . throughout the follow , spock continue to stare thoughtfully at the star . kirk spock , what be it ? do you know this vulcan ? spock I can not be certain . kirk but he do seem familiar ? spock he remind I of someone I know in my youth . mccoy why , spock , I do not know you have one . spock I do not often think of the past . kirk ( gently ) who be it he remind you of ? spock there be a young student , exceptionally gift , possess of great intelligence . it be assume that one day he would take he place amongst the great scholar of vulcan . but he be a revolutionary . kirk what do you mean ? spock the knowledge and experience he seek be forbidden by vulcan belief . mccoy forbidden ? spock he reject he logical upbringing and embrace the animal passion of we ancestor . kirk why ? spock he believe the key to self - knowledge be emotion , not logic . mccoy imagine that . a passionate vulcan . spock when he encourage other to follow he , he be banish from vulcan , never to return . kirk ( study spock ) fascinating . uhura' voice Captain to the bridge . kirk on my way . kirk and mccoy head for the exit . kirk hesitates on the threshold . he look back into the room . spock be still at the window , lose in think . kirk ( continue ) spock ? spock snap out of it . he hurry to join kirk . spock come , Captain . 71 int . enterprise - bridge kirk step to the bridge as the camera pan revealing uhura seat at a wall console , sulu at the control board . kirk take the Captain 's chair . sulu approach nimbus III . uhura hailing frequency open . kirk Standard orbit , Mr. sulu . uhura Captain , we be receive transmission from paradise City . they be demand to know we intention . kirk respond with static . let they think we be have difficulty . which would not be far from the truth . uhura ( into she speaker ) paradise City , can you boost you power ? we be barely receive transmission . kirk transporter room . status . 72 int . transporter room scotty , hard at work . scotty scotty here , Captain . transporter be still inoperative . even if we could lock onto the hostage , we could not beam they up . 73 back to scene kirk then we will have to get they out the old fashioned way . spock klingon vessel now enter quadrant . Bird of prey. estimate 1.9 hour until she weapon come to bear . kirk damn . ( as he rise ) let 's go . he and sulu rise and walk to mccoy at the slide door . 74 angle on chekov he turn toward the veiwscreen where nimbus III be see . 75 ext . space - nimbus III the shuttlecraft Galileo 5 streak toward the planet 's surface , deploy wing as it enter the atmosphere . 76 int . galileo low -combat lighting . sulu occupy the pilot 's seat . nearby be uhura and seven Enterprise crewmen . kirk and spock be huddle over a graphic screen . they be dress in field uniform . phaser and transparent shield have be dispense . spock they equipment be primitive but effective . I recommend we land at coordinate 8563 . kirk that put we pretty far away from paradise City . spock to land any closer would risk detection . kirk Mr. sulu. execute . sulu aye , sir . 77 ext . desert - night the shuttlecraft swoops out of the dark sky and skim the surface of nimbus III . the camera pan the desolate terrain . 78 ext . paradise CITY the ramshackle of building of paradise City be illuminate by the light of two moon hang overhead . chekove voice paradise City . 79 int . SALOON chekov address sybok from the communication screen . chekove image this be the starship Enterprise . sybok a federation starship . chekove image this be Captain pavel chekov speak . you be in violation of neutral Zone Treaty . I advise you to release you hostage at once or suffer the consequence . sybok you threat amuse I , Captain chekov . what consequence do you have in mind ? CUT to : 80 ext . nimbus III - desert - night the shuttlecraft swivel as it land . the door open revealing its crew . kirk lead they from the craft . 81 int . enterprise - bridge as " Captain " chekov continue the ruse . chekov even as we speak , a klingon warship be on its way . we estimate arrival within the hour . 82 int . SALOON sybok I imagine the klingon will be quite angry . chekove image you be a master of understatement . they be likely to destroy the planet . sybok then it 's fortunate that I have you and you starship to protect I . in the meantime , Captain chekov , I instruct you and you first Officer to beam down to my coordinate . chekove image we will be happy to beam down . but first we must have certain assurance . CUT to : 83 ext . nimbus III - desert - night Galileo lie behind a dune . the light of paradise City be glimpse over the rise , a mile off . kirk and spock lie on a dune with night vision binocular . there 's nothing between they but flat expanse . spock at footspeed I estimate the journey to paradise City at 1.2 hour . kirk we do not have 1.2 hour . 84 kirk piov - through binoculars a tiny oasis in the near distance . kirk voice ... wait a minute ... perfect . but we will have to get they attention . CUT to : 85 ext . oasis - night a band of ragtag soldier gather around a campfire . they be six in number , all man , member of sybok 's force . they be heavily robe to retard the night chill . they chat and drink . nearby , they horse slip from a meager spring . a black soldier lift he head and smile as a woman 's song float out of the darkness - soft and mysterious , seductive . the soldier look at each other in surprise , then rise en masse to seek the scource of the sing . the Black soldier rise and step toward the SOUND . another soldier join he . 86 thier Pov in the distance , atop a dune and silhouett against the low hang twin moon ... a female . but not just any female . this siren undulate as she sing , move sensuously . 87 closer shot it 's uhura . 88 the soldier drawn like moth to a flame . the Black soldier rise ; they stumble over each other to get a closer look , climb on hand and knee up the steep dune where lorelei uhura wait at the top . black soldier what be that ? as the soldier continue to climb the dune toward uhura , two Enterprise crewmen enter and point they phaser at they . other crewmen lie in the sand flanking uhura 's dance foot . the Soldiers , take by surprise , stop mid-climb . uhura hello , boy ... I have always want to play to a captive audience . soldier oh , damn . 89 ext . dune - night snarl horse pound over a rise , send sand in all direction . rider hurtle past camera with flow cape and cowl face . ahead of they , paradise City . behind they , the desert - a sea of darkness . 90 angle - kirk and spock kirk ride with determination , he face nearly hide behind a burnoose . he look over at the rider beside he . it 's spock , bounce stiffly in the saddle , do all he can to hang on . kirk spock . spock yes , Captain ? kirk ( can not resist ) be one with the horse . spock yes , Captain . 91 ext . paradise CITY gate armed sentries watch from the wall as the scruffy band of horseman cross the desert . j'onn , sybok 's first convert , appear look concerned . j'onn open the gate . it 's we lookout party . the huge iron gate swing open . 92 angle - the horsemen they gallop at full tilt , lead by kirk . he shout frantically to the sentries . kirk federation soldier right behind we . Close the gate ! as kirk and he party gallop through , the gate be close behind they . 93 int . paradise - MAIN STREET kirk and company proceed up the street , coax they horse toward the saloon at its end . j'onn ( to man ) where be they go ? they ride slowly , not want to attract more any more attention than they have . occasionally a crew member drop away from the group and dismount , take a position where he can lay down cover for the eventual escape . 94 angle - the horsemen kirk 's eye sweep around . there be soldier on most of the rooftop , heavily armed and dangerous - look . kirk ( urgent whisper ) spock . spock hide a tricorder in he lap . spock hold you horse , Captain . I be scan . ( indicate the saloon ) the hostage be in the structure just ahead . hiding it from view , kirk raise a communicator to he lip . kirk this be Strike team . start you run . 95 gate while the other watch the desert , j'onn turn to watch the horseman . j'onn ( suspicious ) who be you ? j'onn rush to the big spotlight anchore on the wall . he swing its bright beam in the direction of the horseman . 96 STREET sulu and kirk be reveal as the light sweep across they . kirk and the other turn and react to the light , realize the jig be up . kirk ( shouting ) phaser on stun ! get rid of the mount ! sulu - take out that light ! sulu yes , Captain . the crewmen dismount and whip out the phaser rifle they have hide under they robe . 97 angle - sulu sulu spear he horse and charge at the spotlight as pebble fire from the enemy 's crude weapon whiz around he like hungry hornet . he gallop toward the blind light . a bazooka shell explode near he and he be knock from he mount , but manage to roll away toward the spotlight and rise up to he knee . he raise he phaser and with a expert shot , blow the spotlight to bit as j'onn hold it . the street go dark , light now by neon and the flash of gunfire and phaser . 98 int . SALOON sybok react to the gunfire . sybok what 's go on ? chekove image I instruct you to surrender . you be under attack by federation force . sybok ( angere ) do you realize what you have do ? it be not bloodsh I want . sybok turn and stride out of the room , he robe swirl around he . chekove image wait ! come back ! 99 ext . street of paradise - a series of shot a symphony of smoke and gunfire . dizzy action . running figure . stampede horse . angle - kirk kirk dismount ; he horse run off . a soldier rush in and thrust he weapon at kirk , who grab it and strike the man in the face . he knock he o.s. and take the weapon . 101 low angle the soldier on the wall and rooftop open fire with they crude weapon . the Enterprise crewmen fight back from strategic position along the street , expertly pick off the enemy and use they transparent shield to repel the volley of pebble . 102 a blinding explosion 103 angle - kirk a soldier grab kirk ; they struggle . kirk flip he out of shot . another soldier hurry in shoot as he climb over a wall . other crewmen hit still more soldier with phaser fire . they scream and fall . 104 angle - spock the vulcan dismount . as he head for the saloon a enemy soldier leap from a balcony , landing squarely in the saddle of spock 's horse . armed with a sword the soldier urge the steed forward to trample spock . as spock turn in response , the soldier rear the horse up on its hind leg . hoove threaten to pummel spock to a hamburger . spock calmly reach up and press he finger into the horse 's neck , execute a vulcan nerve pinch . the horse and its rider tumble to the ground as spock walk off . 105 angle - kirk he stand in the doorway , back - light by a inner bright light . kirk uhura , come on down . 106 int . shuttlecraft uhura be at the control . uhura Roger . come in . 107 ext . rooftop sybok 's soldier set up a multiple pipe weapon cranke like a gattling gun . like the other weapon , it use pebble for bullet . one of they catch a Enterprise crewman in the leg . he go down . 108 angle - kirk kirk shoot he phaser toward the light of the building housing the saloon . the light explode . 109 int . SALOON Dark and empty . phaser draw , kirk cautiously make he way across the room when , with a sudden hiss , the Dancing catwoman leap over the bar and pounce on he back . as she claw at he , kirk twirl she around in a " airplane spin " and throw she the length of the room . the catwoman land in the " pool " table , send up a wave of water that soak the wall . 110 angle spock enter and react to the unconscious float catwoman as kirk blast open the door to the back room . television announcer's voice ... recreational opportunity be limitless .. the vicinity be famous for plentiful local wildlife . and the fishing be terrific ... caithlin , korrd and Talbot look up in surprise . kirk breathes a sigh of relief . 111 angle - spock spock appear at kirk 's side . television announcer's voice ( continue ; overlap ) ... easy financing through federation Federal can put you in you own home on the beautiful , conveniently locate ... kirk ( to spock ) thank God ... 112 angle - the hostage kirk signal for the hostage to follow they . but the hostage confound they by point three crude pistol at they head . caithlin please cooperate . korrd ahhh ... talbot ( quite sober ) would you mind hand over you weapon ? television announcer's voice ( continue ) beam on down ! ( laugh ) 113 ext . paradise - STREET kirk and spock be march out off the saloon by the hostage . the rest of the Enterprise crew be herde together to the accompaniment of thunderous cheer from sybok 's soldier . sybok ( smile at j'onn ; over they cheer ) well do , my friend . a armed soldier push uhura toward a smile sybok and j'onn . 114 angle - spock as the cheer begin to die , spock detach himself from kirk and mccoy . sybok notice he . for the first time we see he vulnerable . sybok spock . it 's I . it 's sybok . after all this year , you have finally catch up with I . do not you have anything to say to I ? it 's clear sybok be try to force a emotional reaction from spock . but spock refuse to fall into he trap . spock you be under arrest for seventeen violation of the neutral Zone Treaty . sybok be incredulous . there must be a hundred gun point at spock 's heart . sybok can not help it . he chuckle . the chuckle become a full rich laugh . the soldier join in and soon they laughter be ringing through paradise . sybok spock , you have develop a sense of humor after all . spock it be not my intention to amuse you . this be serious charge . however , if you surrender now - sybok I be sorry , spock . I can not surrender now . I be not through violate neutral Zone Treaty . in fact , I be just get start . and now for my next violation I intend to steal something . something very big . j'onn and several soldier laugh and cheer . sybok ( continue ) I must have you starship . kirk ( step forward as he realize ) you stage all this to get you hand on my ship ? sybok regards kirk in he grubby commando outfit . sybok who be you ? kirk James T. kirk , Captain of the Enterprise . sybok but I think Captain chekov.. ( realize ) I see . very clever , Captain . ( turn t spock with excitement ) spock , it would appear that you have be give a second chance to join I . what do you say ? spock I be a starfleet Officer . sybok of course . of course . then I will take the ship without you help . the soldier cheer wildly , wave they weapon in the air . CUT to : 115 ext . space - angle - enterprise wait . vulnerable . 116 int . enterprise - bridge chekov , scotty and a tense crew . scotty shuttle en route . chekov position , Bird of prey ? scotty ( concerned ) close . 117 ext . space - angle - bird of prey the klingon ship approach nimbus III . 118 int . bird of prey - bridge klaa and vixis react to Enterprise on they veiwscreen . VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( estimate attack range in 8,000 kellicam . ) klaa casually slip into the gunner 's rig . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( stealth approach . slow to one quarter impulse power . prepare to cloak . ) a klaxon sound . the bridge be bath in red light . klaa ( continue ; in klingon ; subtitle ) ( engage cloaking device ) 119 ext .`space - angle - bird of prey the ship distort and become invisible . 120 int . enterprise - bridge scotty react to monitor screen scotty Mr. chekov , I have lose the Bird of prey . she must have cloak . chekov raise shield . scotty but the shuttle - chekov ( in charge ) do it . go to Red alert . scotty punch in command . on he graphic screen a series of dot wink on around a outline of the ship . 121 ext . space - angle - galileo slowly head back to the ship . Enterprise be in the far distance . 122 int . galileo kirk , spock and mccoy be guard by j'onn and a select handful of sybok 's soldier . sulu and uhura pilot the craft while sybok confer with caithlin and korrd . the remainder of the Enterprise crew have be leave behind on nimbus III . talbot once we have take control of you vessel , we will bring up the rest of we follower . kirk ( scoffing ) the klingon be out there . ( continue ) we will be lucky to get back to the ship ourselves . they be interrupt by chekov 's voice on the radio . chekove voice Galileo , this be Enterprise . condition Red alert. Bird of prey approach . she be cloak . raising shield . 123 int . enterprise - bridge - featuring chekov chekov recommend Galileo find safe harbor until situation secure . 124 int . galileo chekove voice acknowledge . sulu and uhura turn to kirk for instruction . sybok no ! no reply . remain on course . kirk sybok , listen to I . in order for this craft to enter the landing bay , Enterprise must lower the shield and activate the tractor beam . to get we inside and re-raise the shield will take - spock exactly 15.5 second . kirk a eternity during which we will be vulnerable to klingon attack . korrd - you tell he . korrd he speak the truth . if my people be cloak , then they intend to strike . sybok we can not turn back . sybok regards kirk with suspicion . he turn to spock , the only one he can trust . spock you must allow we to act . kirk let I do something . sybok very well . ( to kirk ) do what you must - but no more . kirk punch a button on the console . kirk Enterprise . 125 int . bird of prey the klingon have be monitoring the exchange between Enterprise and Galileo . kirk voice this be kirk . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( kirk ! he 's on the shuttlecraft ! Alter the attack course ! ) 126 int . galileo kirk understand you situation . be unable to return to planet . stand by to execute ... ( pull a name out of the air ) emergency landing plan .. B 127 int . enterprise - bridge chekov and scotty exchange confuse look . chekov ( aside to scotty ) what 's emergency landing plan b? scotty I do not have a clue . kirk voice B as in " barricade . " scotty ( alarmed ) he can not be serious . 128 ext . space - angle - enterprise and galileo the shuttle draw closer . 129 int . galileo Enterprise loom through the windshield . sybok what be you do ? kirk in order to lower and raise the shield as quickly as possible , we be go to forego the tractor beam and fly she in manually . mccoy ( horrify ) manually ? sybok ( to sulu ) how often have you do this ? sulu actually it 's my first attempt . sybok look at kirk in amazement . kirk smile uneasily and indicate sulu . kirk he 's good . really ( then ) scotty , on my mark . open bay door . 130 ext . enterprise - fantail with agonizing slowness , the bay door begin to open . 131 int . bird of prey - bridge klaa flexe he itchy trigger - finger and peer into he view scope . 132 klaa' Pov - veiw scope klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( stand by to decloak for fire ! ) 133 int . galileo kirk kirk to scotty -lower shield ! 134 int . enterprise - bridge scotty punch in command . scotty lower shield , sir . on scotty 's graphic 's screen , the dot wink out around the outline of the ship . Enterprise be now vulnerable . 135 ext . space the Bird of prey materialize . 136 int . galileo the klingon ship be sighted . uhura Bird of prey bear one zero five mark two . kirk go , sulu . sulu hit the aft thruster and the shuttle roar to life . 137 ext . space - angle - enterprise and galileo the shuttlecraft take off with a tremendous kick . like it be fire from a slingshot , the tiny craft close the gap between itself and the Enterprise at alarming speed . but the bay door - they have not open wide enough yet . just when it look like the Galileo will pulp itself on the fantail , she bank ninety degree . 138 int . enterprise - landing BAY Galileo negotiate the narrow open by come in on its side . it skid down the runway , shower spark all the way , unable to stop . to we surprise , a cargo net pop up to keep it from crash into the retain wall . 139 int . galileo as the shuttle recoil against the net , passenger be throw about like rag doll . light blow out and instrument panel explode . 140 int . enterprise - bridge scotty they be in ! 141 int . bird of prey - bridge klaa gape in surprise . the target have zoom out of he sight klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( bear on Enterprise ) VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( Enterprise targeted ! ) 142 int . enterprise - bridge chekov warp speed now ! 143 int . bird of prey - bridge klaa look through the view scope , turn the fire handle . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( Fire ! ) 144 ext . space - angle - enterprise one moment she 's there , the next she 's go in a flash of blind light . klaa 's shot go to the void . 145 int . bird of prey - bridge klaa react in amazement to Enterprise 's sudden departure . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( track she course ! ) as vixis and she crew hop to it , camera push in on klaa who throw off he gunner 's rig , unable to hide he admiration for kirk 's cleverness . klaa ( continue ; in klingon ; subtitle ) ( he 's good . ) 146 int . enterprise - landing BAY the badly - damage Galileo lie smolder on its side . 147 int . galileo in the smoking wreckage , passenger have be flung everywhere . no one 's be kill but be all daze or unconscious . sybok and kirk come to simultaneously . but before kirk can act , sybok snatch up a primitive shoot weapon and aim it at he . sybok we must change we course at once . kirk ( crafty ) I will take you to the bridge . 148 int . landing BAY the Galileo 's back hatch blow open emit a cloud of smoke along with kirk and sybok . as sybok step down behind he , kirk whirl and grab for the weapon . the two man struggle and tumble across the landing bay floor . 149 angle - kirk and sybok kirk be no match for the vulcan 's superior strength but he fight with everything he 's get . he manage to knock the weapon from sybok 's hand . it skitter across the floor and stop at the foot of spock who have emerge from the shuttle . spock look down at the weapon , then back to kirk whom sybok be rendering helpless with one hand . with he incredible strength sybok force kirk to the floor . kirk ( in pain ) spock ... pick it up ! spock obediently pick up the weapon like it be a distasteful object . kirk collapse on the floor , conscious but no longer able to fight . spock face sybok . spock sybok , you must surrender . sybok no . you must kill I . sybok advance toward spock until the weapon be press into sybok 's chest . kirk ( desperate ) shoot he ! but spock can not shoot . the emotional price be too great . he lower the weapon in shame and defeat . sybok take it from he with a smile . sybok for a moment , I think you might actually do it . 150 angle sybok 's soldier emerge from the wreckage of the shuttle with mccoy . the doctor hurry to kirk and help he to he foot . kirk , in pain and betrayed , glare at spock who can not meet he eye . sybok turn to j'onn . he indicate kirk and mccoy . sybok put he in the brig with Captain kirk . ( then , to spock ) spock , you will accompany I to the bridge ? spock ( find he voice ) no. I will not . sybok you know I be right . he be meet by stony silence . sybok ( continue ; a long pause ) then you must join they . j'onn and several other soldier march kirk , spock and mccoy out . 151 angle - landing BAY caithlin , korrd and Talbot emerge from the shuttle with sulu and uhura in tow . korrd this two will be useful . uhura and sulu be defiant . sybok approach they . sybok give we a moment alone . caithlin ( to uhura and sulu ) do not be afraid . 152 angle - landing BAY control bubble scotty witness the action on the deck below . fortunately , no one see he . he step back into the shadow . CUT to : 153 brig kirk , spock and mccoy be shove into a cell by j'onn . phaser beam bar materialize to contain they . kirk be enraged . kirk damnit , spock . God damnit ! spock Captain , what have I do - kirk what you have do be betray every man on this ship . spock worse . I have betrayed you . I do not expect you to forgive I . kirk forgive you ? I ought to knock you on you goddamn ass ! spock if you think it would help . mccoy you want I to hold he , Jim ? kirk you stay out of this ! ( to spock ) why , spock ? why ? I .. all you have to do be pull the trigger . spock if I have pull the trigger , sybok would be dead . kirk I order you to defend this ship . spock you order I to kill my brother . kirk look , the man may be a fellow vulcan , but that do not ... spock no , no , no , Captain . you do not understand . sybok also in a son of sarek . kirk and mccoy can not believe it . kirk you mean he 's you brother brother ? ( flustered ) you make that up ! spock I do not . kirk you do too . sybok could not possibly be you brother because I happen to know for a fact that you do not have a brother . spock technically , you be correct . I do not have a brother . kirk there , you see ? see ? spock I have a half brother . kirk ( suddenly weary ) I gotta sit down . mccoy let I get this straight . you and sybok have the same father but different mother . spock exactly . that be correct . sybok 's mother be a vulcan princess . upon she death , sybok and I be raise as brother . kirk why do not you tell I this before ? spock I be not dispose to discuss ... matter of a personal nature . for that , I be sorry . kirk ( still fume ) he 's sorry , see , he 's sorry . everything ... that make everything all right . he 's sorry , everything 's ... mccoy stop it , Jim . spock could no more kill he own brother than he could kill you . if you want to punish he for what he 's do , why do not you throw he in the brig ? kirk 's anger burn itself out . mccoy ( continue ) besides , we have get bigger problem to deal with . like how the hell to get out of here . ( a beat ; turn to spock ) I will say one thing , spock . you never cease to amaze I . spock nor I myself . CUT to : 154 int . enterprise - bridge Doors whoosh open to admit uhura and sulu . chekov , in the command chair , stand to greet they . chekov I be beginning to worry . where be the Captain ? sybok enter , follow by the hostage and several armed soldier . chekov look at uhura and sulu in confusion . they , like the hostage , be smile warmly - convert to sybok 's cause . uhura it 's all right pavel . sybok will explain everything . sulu move past chekov and take he seat at the helm . he punch in command . chekov sulu , what be you do ? sulu plott we new course . chekov ( alarmed ) New course ? you have no authority . ( to sybok ) what 's go on here ? sulu pavel . sybok I will not force you . sulu ( overlap ) you have get to listen to this man . sybok ( overlap ) the decision must be yours . chekov I do not understand . sybok ( soothingly ) each of we hide a secret pain . share yours with I and gain strength from the share . 155 int . brig kirk balance on spock 's shoulder , examine the ceiling , seek a mean of escape . kirk uncover a fixture . spock shake he head negatively . spock useless . kirk stand on spock 's shoulder , now hold on to a pipe . spock ( continue ) unwise . kirk investigate a circuitry panel . he touch it and receive a shock that cause he to tumble to the floor . kirk ( irk at spock ) you could have warn I . mccoy he do , Jim . kirk there 's get to be a way out of this place . spock this be a new brig , Captain . it be escape-proof . kirk how do you know ? spock the designer test it use the most intelligent and resourceful person they could find . he fail to escape . kirk ( as he and mccoy realize ) this , er , person ... do not by any chance have point ear and a unerr capacity for get he shipmate into trouble , do he ? spock he do have point ear . CUT to : 156 ext . space - angle - enterprise the ship continue at warp speed , disappearing from shot in a blur of blind light . 157 int . enterprise - bridge uhura and sulu be at they station . chekov once again occupy the command chair . sybok stand beside he . in the background be caithlin , korrd and Talbot . chekov ( pleased to report ) follow new course . warp seven . sulu estimate destination in 6.7 hour , present speed . sybok look happy and paternal , less drive . he turn to uhura . sybok now that we be underway , it 's time I announce my intention to the rest of the ship . ( then , to comm ) brave crew of the starship Enterprise ... consider the question of existence . this be the question which man have ask ever since he first gaze at the star and dream . 158 int . brig kirk , spock and mccoy discontinue they effort to escape and now peer instead at a monitor screen beyond the cell 159 intercutting with monitor screen sybok' image ( continue ) my vulcan ancestor be rule by they emotion . they feel with they heart . they believe with they heart . but above all else , they believe in a place in which this question of existence would be answer . modern dogma tell we this place be a myth , a fantasy concoct by pagan . 160 int . landing BAY a crewman pause to listen to sybok 's continue speech . sybok' voice ( emphatic ) it be no fantasy ! I tell you it exist ! 161 int . enterprise - bridge camera pan the bridge to find crew and soldier focus on sybok 's word . sybok ( continue ; with great excitement ) my brother , we have be choose to undertake the great adventure of all time - the discovery of sha ka ree . 162 int . brig baffle response from kirk and mccoy . spock ( intrigue ) be it possible ? kirk be what possible ? spock that he 's find it . sha ka ree . the reason sybok leave vulcan . 163 int . bridge sybok we destination be the planet sha ka ree , which lie beyond the great barrier ... 164 int . brig spock turn back to sybok 's image . sybok' image ( continue ) ... at the center of the galaxy . kirk ( alarmed ) the center of the galaxy ? spock there sha ka ree be fable to exist . kirk but the center of the galaxy can not be reach . no ship have ever go into the great barrier . no probe have ever return . spock sybok possess the keenest intellect I have ever know . kirk spock ! my only concern be get the ship back . when that 's do and sybok be in here then you can debate sha ka ree until you be green in the face . until then , you be either with I or you be not . spock ( as if it 's obvious ) I be here , Captain . kirk that 's a little vague , spock - a infrequent , almost inaudible tapping SOUND come from the back wall of the cell . kirk ( continue ; distract ) what 's that noise ? they turn and regard the back wall . the tapping continue . spock I believe it be a primitive form of communication know as morse code . they scramble over and huddle beside the wall . kirk you be right . I be a little out of practice . ( listen ) uh.... that 's a " 's . " spock a " t . " kirk " a " ... " n " ...uh , " d " ... end of word . mccoy " stand . " kirk New word . " b " .. " a " ... um ... spock " c. " ... " k . " mccoy " back . " " stand back . " they be about to congratulate themselves when they realize it 's a warning . together ( in horror ) stand back !! they dive for cover as a large panel explode from the wall , shower they with dust . scotty appear in the open . scotty what be you stand around for ? do you not know a jailbreak when you see one ? CUT to : 165 int . corridor sybok , j'onn and sulu exit the turbolift and head for the brig . sybok the bond between this three be strong ... difficult to penetrate . this will be quite a challenge . the brig door whoosh open . they step inside and be confront with a empty cell . the prisoner have vanish . sulu we have get to find they ! CUT to : 166 int . bowel of enterprise scotty lead kirk , spock and mccoy through the labyrinth innard of the ship . scotty Captain , we can not trust anyone now . kirk if we could send a distress signal ... spock there be a emergency send apparatus in the forward observation room . kirk the only problem be , it 's up there . we be down here . scotty you might be able to reach it by mean of turbo shaft number three which be close for repair . it 's a long and dangerous climb . mccoy some of we get off on long and dangerous climb . kirk Mr. Scott , get the transporter work . if we contact a rescue ship we will need it . ( then ) which way to the turbo shaft ? scotty head down that tunnel to the hydro vent and turn right . then leave at the blowscreen . you can not miss it . kirk Mr. Scott , you be amazing . scotty walk off in the opposite direction . scotty ( a little too prideful ) oh , there 's nothing amazing about it . I know this ship like the back of my hand . scotty turn the corner and whacks he head on a low - hang pipe . he collapse to the floor , out cold . CUT to : 167 int . corridor a warning klaxon sound . sybok 's soldier sweep through the ship . 168 int . turbo shaft kirk , spock and mccoy gaze up at a narrow and seemingly endless elevator shaft . a emergency ladder attach to the wall be the only way up . kirk all right , look at it this way . we will get a good workout . mccoy yeah . or a heart attack . kirk start to climb the emergency ladder . mccoy reluctantly follow . spock watch . then , unnotice , he slip away . 169 int . bowel of enterprise sulu , lead a team of convert , round a corner and nearly stumble over scotty . scotty groan . sulu ( to a crewman ) get Mr. Scott to sick bay . 170 int . turbo shaft - midway - minute later kirk climb hand over hand , follow by a huffing and puffing mccoy . mccoy ( breathless ) Jim , this be go to take I forever . kirk ( suddenly realize ) where 's spock ? kirk and mccoy look down . no spock . just then , a soft whooshing SOUND from above . they look up . 171 angle spock descend wear the levitation boot from yosemite . he float alongside kirk and mccoy , hover in midair . spock I believe I have find a faster way . kirk hmmm ? spock uh-uh . kirk break into a smile of relief . he step off the ladder and grab onto spock . they dip down a few foot , then slowly rise to a hover position beside mccoy . kirk Bones ...? mccoy ( wary ) you two go ahead . I will wait for the next car . kirk we be not split up . grumbling , a little fearful , mccoy step on board . they combine weight cause they to sink steadily downward . spock it would appear we be too heavy . kirk it must be all that marsh melon . 172 angle - below sulu and the search party appear at the bottom of the shaft , armed with phaser . 173 angle - kirk , spock and mccoy sinking lower , on the verge of capture . kirk spock ... the booster rocket . spock if I activate they now , Captain , we will be propel upward at a unbelievable rate . kirk ( a order ) Fire the rocket ! spock hit the booster . with a explosion of power and noise they shoot skyward like a bullet . 174 angle - below rocket smoke shoot downward envelop sulu and the search party . sulu Captain , please come back down here . 175 angle - kirk , spock and mccoy we hero 's be a upward blur that show no sign of stop . kirk ( shout ) hit the brake ! spock hit " the brake " and they stop barely one floor from the ceiling , bob in midair . kirk and mccoy be white as sheet . spock I be afraid I overshot the mark by one level . mccoy ( scared shitless ) nobody 's perfect . 176 int . forward observation room Dark , desert . the grandeur of space lie beyond the tall curving window . kirk , spock and mccoy enter and cross to the communication console . spock activate it . function come to life . kirk spock . spock the emergency channel , open . kirk to anyone within the sound of my voice : this be Captain James T. kirk of the federation starship Enterprise . if you read I , acknowledge . acknowledge . female voice Enterprise , this be starfleet Command . we read you . over . kirk ( encourage ) a hostile force have seize control of we vessel and put we on a direct course with the great barrier . we coordinate be zero-zero-zero ... spock ... mark two . kirk ( continue ) Mark two . request emergency assistance . acknowledge . 177 int . bird of prey - bridge to reveal the " starfleet Command " voice belong to vixis . behind she klaa sit , smugly confident . VIXIS ( in English ) understood , Enterprise . we be dispatch a rescue ship immediately . kirk voice Roger , starfleet . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( plot course zero - zero - zero , mark two . ) VIXIS ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( but Captain , that course will take we into the barrier as well . ) klaa be not about to let a small thing like death stop he . klaa ( in klingon ; subtitle ) ( where kirk go , we follow . ) 178 int . enterprise - forward observation room kirk , spock and mccoy start for the exit when they be startle by the appearance of sybok , j'onn and several armed soldier . sybok I trust you message be receive ? kirk you can not expect we to stand by while you take the ship into the great barrier . sybok what you fear be the unknown . the people of you planet once believe they world be flat . Columbus prove it be round . they say the sound barrier could never be break . it be break . they say warp speed could not be achieve . the great barrier be the ultimate expression of this universal fear . it 's a extension of personal fear . ( a beat ) Captain kirk , I so much want you understanding . I want you respect . be you afraid to hear I out ? kirk I be afraid of nothing . sybok turn to j'onn and the soldier . sybok wait outside . j'onn and the soldier reluctantly withdraw . sybok indicate for chair , arrange in circle . sybok ( continue ) I be sure you have many question here , amidst the star of we own galaxy , we shall seek the answer together . the four man take they seat . the lighting become intimate . sybok weave he spell . CUT to : 179 int . sick BAY scotty awaken to find uhura hold he in she arm . uhura ( soothing ) easy , easy , easy , scotty . easy . you be back with we . scotty ( testing she ) uhura , I have the strangest dream . I dreamt that a madman have take over the Enterprise . uhura scotty , dear , he ' not a madman . scotty ( realize she 's a convert ) he 's not ? uhura no. sybok have simply put we in touch with feeling we have always be afraid to express . uhura give scotty loving look . scotty ( uncomfortable ) i.. er ... have to get back the transporter . scotty slip out of she arm . uhura no , no , no . scotty - scotty ... there 's so much I want to tell you . scotty maybe you could wait until I be a wee bit stronger I do not think I could take it in my present condition . ( under he breath ) or yours . scotty head for the exit . 180 int . foward observation room Beyond the window , the swirl vastness of space . kirk , spock , mccoy and sybok sit in a circle . sybok sha ka ree . " the scource . " " Heaven . " " eden . " call it " qui ' tu . " to the romulan , it 's " vorta vor . " the andorian word be .. unpronounceable . still , every culture share he common dream of a place from which creation spring . for we , that place will soon be a reality . kirk the only realty I see be that I be a prisoner on my own ship . what be this power you have to control the mind of my crew ? sybok I do not control mind . I free they . mccoy how ? sybok by make you face you pain and draw strength from it . once that 's do , fear can not stop you . mccoy sound like brainwashing to I . sybok close he eye and concentrate deeply . sybok ( to mccoy ; sense ) you pain be the deep of all . mccoy what ? sybok I can feel it . can not you ? a city skyline materialize in the background . man' voice ( o.s. ) ( a whisper in pain ) Leonard ... mccoy it 's some kind of trick . man' voice ( o.s. ) ( implore ) Leonard ... mccoy ( as he recognize the voice ) Father ? the surround wall come alive with energy . what follow be theatrical in style as we enter a subjective world . mccoy ( continue ; frighten ) oh my God , do not do this to I . 181 angle - mccoy he turn to find himself in a brilliantly white , sterile hospital room . a waste figure recline in a bed , a old man connect to a powerful life - support system . this be mccoy's father and we be somewhere in the past . father ( barely audible ) Leonard ... mccoy rush to the bedside . mccoy I be here . I be with you , dad . father the pain ... stop the pain . mccoy I have do everything I can do . you have get to hang on . father I can not stand the pain . help I . in the near background sybok watch with kirk and spock . they be entrance by what they be see . mccoy all my knowledge and I can not save he . sybok ( the voice of conscience ) you have do all you can . the support system will keep he alive . mccoy ( flaring ) you call this alive ? Father whisper something . mccoy bend down and put he ear next to the old man 's parched lip . father Son , release I ... mccoy look into he Father 's eye . the old man 's gaze travel to the support machinery . he want mccoy to shut it off . mccoy ( recoil ) I can not do that , dad. ( in agony ) but how - how can I watch he suffer like this ? sybok you be a doctor . mccoy ( defiant ) I be he son ! mccoy reach he decision . he shut off the machine . the Father die in he son 's arm . sybok appear at mccoy 's side . sybok why do you do it ? mccoy to preserve he dignity . sybok that be not the worst of it . mccoy no. sybok be it ? mccoy no. sybok share it . mccoy hesitates , tremble . this be he dark secret . mccoy not long after ... they find a cure . a goddamn cure ! sybok so if you have not kill he he might have live . mccoy ( break down ) no ! I love my father . I release he . sybok then you do what you think be right . mccoy yes. no! yes ! sybok hold mccoy . the camera push in as they hold each other . sybok release this pain .. release it . this pain have poison you soul for a long time . kirk and spock look at each other with concern . mccoy weep for several moment , then wipe the tear away . he look up at sybok 's comforting smile and be fill with a deep sense of relief . sybok ( continue ) now you have take the first step . the other step we will take together . mccoy nod . sybok turn to spock . sybok ( continue ) each man 's pain be unique . spock I hide no pain . sybok I know you better than that . spock ( challenging ) do you ? kirk spock ... do not . spock it 's all right , Captain . ( to sybok ) proceed . o.s. a woman scream in agony . 182 angle - kirk and spock they turn and find themselves beneath the hang stalactite of a cave . torchlight throw weird shadow on the wall . the shadow depict a woman in labor , attend by a vulcan High priestess . ceremonial drum pound a throbbing pulse . the woman let out another scream . it reverberate throughout the cavern . kirk what be this ? spock I believe we be witness my birth . sybok appear beside they . he lead spock and kirk into the past . 183 angle - as they approach spock 's mother , the young earthwoman amanda , lie on a rough pallet , she leg spread beneath she robe , she distend stomach lift . her only attendant be the high priestess who intone the vulcan birthright . spock watch . a figure step from the shadow . it be sarek , spock 's vulcan father . he observe he wife with typical detachment . as the drum build in intensity , amanda begin to deliver . 184 angle - cavern wall the birth take place in shadow . drum reach a climax and stop . a infant cry . amanda lift the mewl babe from between she leg . 185 spock watch he entry into the world . 186 high priestess she take the baby from amanda and hold it up . the tiny infant kick and cry . amanda reach out for she child but the priestess turn and present the cry baby to sarek instead . sarek ( without joy ) so human . 187 angle - forward observation room spock turn away from sybok and the other . kirk spock ... ( when he do not reply , to sybok ) what have you do to my friend ? sybok I have do nothing . this be who they be . do not you know that ? the question hit kirk with force . kirk ( realize ) no ... I do not . sybok now learn something about yourself . kirk no. I refuse . mccoy ( implore ) Jim , try to be open about this . kirk about what ? that I have make the wrong choice in my life ? that I turn leave when I should have turn right ? I know what my weakness be . I do not need sybok to take I on a tour of they . mccoy if you would just unbend and allow yourself - kirk and be brainwash by this con man ? mccoy I be wrong . this " con man " take away my pain . kirk damnit , Bones , you be a doctor . you know that pain and guilt can not be take away with a wave of a magic wand . they be thing we carry with we - the thing that make we who we be . if we lose they , we lose ourselves . I do not want my pain take away . I need my pain . a tense silence , break by ... uhura' voice sybok , this be the bridge . we be in approach of the great barrier . sybok be fill with excitement , eager to go to the bridge . sybok Captain , I be afraid you will have to remain here . spock. Dr. mccoy ... come with I . sybok and mccoy start for the exit but stop when they realize that spock be remain with kirk . sybok ( puzzle ) spock ? spock I can not go with you . sybok ( can not believe it ) why not ? spock I belong here . sybok I do not understand ... spock sybok , you be my brother , but you do not know I . I be not the outcast boy you leave behind that many year ago . since that time I have find myself and my place . I know who I be . and I can not go with you . mccoy react to this speech . after a moment , he take he place with kirk and spock . mccoy I guess you better count I out , too . Beyond the great window , space be hang , reflect this unique part of the galaxy . sybok regards kirk , spock and mccoy with affection . this be only a temporary setback . he know the ultimate win will be he . sybok then I will see you on the other side . sybok head for the exit . Doors whoosh open to reveal the guard outside . kirk wait ! ( sybok turn ) you know we will never make it through the great barrier . sybok but if we do , will that convince you that my vision be true ? kirk you vision ? sybok give to I by god. ( as the other react ) he wait for we on the other side . kirk ( stunne ) you be mad ! sybok be I ? we will see . the fiery look in sybok 's eye might be confidence , it might be madness . he turn and exit . CUT to : 188 ext . space - the great barrier Enterprise be poise on the edge of the giant star cluster know as the great barrier . it be visually stun and equally dangerous . we see giant region of star formation as well as expand blast wave from explode star . beam of radiation from pulsar sweep the tiny and insignificant ship , bathing she in color . 189 int . bridge - angle to include viewscreen sybok be on the bridge . uhura , chekov and sulu be at they station . caithlin , korrd and Talbot be also present . they and the rest of the crew be transfix by the viewscreen , awed by the vista of a sky fill with thousand of star , each a fiery orange . but what really draw they attention be the black thundercloud loom directly ahead . here start the ring of gas and dust that enshroud the center of the galaxy , hide it from view . behind this black veil be a region that emit ten time more energy than we sun . through the chink in the wall we see flash of blue light - hint of the fire blaze within . the hip 's monitor screen go blank . sulu they say no ship can survive this . sybok I say they be wrong . I say the danger be a illusion . chekov we have no instrument reading . be it there or be not it ? sybok Mr. sulu ... full ahead . sulu full ahead , aye . 190 ext . space - angle - enterprise and with that , the ship plow into the barrier , straight into the dark cloud , disappear from sight . we hold for a terrifying moment , wonder if we will ever see Enterprise again . 191 int . forward observation room kirk , spock and mccoy experience a rush of elation . they gaze through the window at a incredible spacescape , unable to deny the sensation stir within they . sybok be right . 192 angle - inside the barrier surprisingly , there be no turbulence , no buffete . the Enterprise travel through a fantastic passageway of light and color . then , quite suddenly , the gas cloud part and the ship enter a region of incredible calm and serenity , like the clear space at the eye of a hurricane . 193 int . bridge sybok rise and look in awe at the great barrier . 194 ext . space Dead ahead , a single planet . a planet of great beauty and peace . we final destination . 195 int . bridge sybok smile and glance around . Talbot stand in awe of the sight before he . camera push in on caithlin 's happy face . 196 ext . space camera push in toward sha ka ree . kirk voice be it possible ? 197 int . forward observation room spock fascinating . mccoy be we dream ? kirk if we be , then life be a dream . kirk , fascinate by the planet , move to the antique ship 's wheel . he absentmindedly rest he hand on it . his eye be draw to the plaque attach to the spoke of the wheel . on it , the charter of the Enterprise have be set in bronze . camera move in on this word : " to boldly go where no man have gone before " 198 int . bridge - angle to include viewscreen the bridge buzze with excitement . monitor screen come to life . chekov Instruments be back on line . incredible . there 's a power scource emanate form the planet like nothing I have ever see . on the viewscreen , the planet appear up close - a celestial orb , cloak by swirl white cloud . quick shot of awed reaction : sybok sha ka ree . korrd qui'tu. caithlin vorta vor . talbot eden . 199 angle the bridge door whoosh open to reveal kirk , spock and mccoy . the other turn , fearful of what he will say or do . a tense moment . kirk ( to sybok ) about the ship ... sybok ( encourage ) the ship need its Captain . kirk no special condition ? sybok ( happily ) no condition . kirk what make you think I will not turn we around ? sybok because you , too , must know . kirk look at the hopeful face around he . he feel the excitement of be on the verge of a great frontier , perhaps the great frontier . kirk well , if we be go to do it ... ( with conviction ) ... we be go to do by the book . Mr. chekov , you take the con . Mr. sulu , standard orbital approach . uhura , alert the shuttlecraft to stand by . sybok , spock , Dr. mccoy - come with I . the rest of you remain on board until I determine what we be deal with . kirk 's eye flash with excitement . to sybok : kirk ( continue ; with a smile . ) well , do not just stand there . God 's a busy man . sybok happily join they in the turbolift . CUT to : 200 ext . enterprise Bay door open . copernicus , the shuttle backup , emerge and drop from the mothership . thrusters fire as it streak toward the planet , disappear into the swirl white cloud . 201 int . copernicus spock pilot the craft . he , mccoy and kirk have change into starfleet uniform . 202 through windsheild - planet below Cloud part as if sweep aside by hand . beneath the shuttle a world open up that can only be describe as incredible . 203 int . copernicus sybok , kirk , mccoy and spock remain focus ahead , awestruck . 204 ext . planet copernicus skim over a rich abundant landscape awash with bright primary color . 205 int . copernicus spock remove he hand from the console . spock I be no longer in control of the craft . kirk , spock and mccoy regard each other with wary excitement , then turn they attention to what lie ahead . 206 ext . planet - Pov shot a circle of peak appear in the distance , rise against the sky . 207 int . copernicus sybok smile at the other . 208 ext . planet copernicus come in for a soft landing . 209 int . copernicus engine switch off . kirk slip a communicator into he belt . he 's about to pick up a hand phaser when he feel sybok 's disapprove eye upon he . kirk all right . we will play it you way . he leave the weapon behind . 210 ext . outside shuttle the exit hatch open . we four explorer emerge from the craft . they regard the prehistoric peak with excitement . sybok it 's amazing . the land ... the sky ... just as I know it would be . they urgently start forward with kirk lead the way . 211 int . enterprise - bridge Crew member abandon they post and move forward to the viewscreen . 212 ext . peak and crater within - high angle shot four tiny figure pass through the peak and look down into a naturally form amphitheater . it 's nothing more than a rough crater carve in the summit , ringed by the peak . 213 int . enterprise - bridge uhura , eye fix on the viewscreen , speak urgently into she speaker . uhura scotty , you have get to see this . 214 int . transporter rooom scotty be hard at work . scotty I do not have the time . the Captain tell I to get this transporter work and I be not about to let he down . 215 ext . planet kirk walk around the base of the tall peak as the camera pull back 216 int . enterprise - bridge while the crew marvel at the viewscreen , camera pan over to the defense station which be unattend . the screen blink to life . a graphic of the Bird of prey appear and a warning ; " klingon vessel in quadrant . recommend : activation of defense system . awaiting command . " a low warning beep . but no one 's there to respond . 217 ext . amphitheater kirk , spock , mccoy and sybok descend into the bowl of the crater . they reach the center and stop . they look at each other , wonder , " be this all there be ? " sybok try to hide he disappointment . he look around for a sign that be not there , then , after a moment of deafen silence , he address they bleak surroundings . sybok ( shouting ; a trace of desperation ) we have travel far by starship ... nothing . it look like a bust . sybok 's voice choke off and he lower he head . kirk and mccoy frown at each other . kirk whip out he communicator to address the ship . kirk Enterprise , this be kirk . we have , er ... spock go to sybok and put a comforting hand on he brother 's shoulder . spock sybok , perhaps , er ... spock 's word be obscure by a rumble from within the earth . a shadow engulf the amphitheater . 218 angle - the sky above Cloud turn ashen and threaten , transform day into night . 219 amphitheater the ground come to life beneath the foot of we hero 's . the earth buckle and ripple as if nature herself be try to break free . without warning a pillar of sheer rock rip through the surface and climb skyward . then another pillar shoot up , follow by another and another . they encircle the amphitheater like giant finger . we intercut kirk , spock , mccoy and sybok reacting to this dazzle display of power . 220 ext . amphitheater - wide shot the finger of rock form a crude cathedral . 221 int . amphitheater within this primitive cathedral , kirk , spock , mccoy and sybok watch as the ground in front of they melt like molten lava . it swirl , create a vortex . a rushing SOUND come from the planet 's core , grow closer . something of incredible power be on its way to the surface . 222 angle a shaft of energy explode out of the vortex . it shoot skyward like a erupting power , blind we heroes with its beauty and raw power . 223 ext . space - angle - planet and enterprise the energy shaft rise from the planet like a beacon light . Enterprise , just outside the shaft , be bath in its reflection . 224 int . amphitheater sybok stagger back . like kirk , spock and mccoy , he must shield he eye from the intensity of the energy shaft . 225 ENERGY shaft it pulsate and throbs with life . a GOD - like voice come from within . voice brave soul . welcome . startle reaction . mccoy ( hushed ) be this the voice of God ? as if respond to mccoy 's question , the energy shaft throbs . from the swirl dust within it , a live form begin to take shape . the shape be powerful , beautiful , entice . sybok and the other watch in wonder . the wind it kick up cause they to stagger back . 226 closer angle - ENERGY shaft within this maelstrom of power , the form of humanity begin to take shape . and it take on many form , each remind we of the holy painting that have depict the almighty through the age . voice one voice . many face . 227 a series of shot we intercut between the shifting image of God and the reaction of the Enterprise crew . one moment the figure be ra . the next , Allah . he 's black . white. female . male. andorian . klingon . each witness a flash of he own God . 228 kirk , spock and mccoy they watch the " God show " with mount fascination . 229 ENERGY shaft the be synthesize into the biblical heavenly Father of we imagination . ( note : the be be contain within the perimeter of the energy shaft , unable to venture out of it . ) the be turn he gaze on sybok , kirk , spock and mccoy . he beam with pleasure . his eye twinkle . be do this better suit you expectation ? it do indeed . no one know what to say . sybok be vindicate ; he can barely contain he ecstasy . sybok qual se tu ? be it be i. ( pause ) the journey you undertake to reach I could not have be a easy one . sybok it be not . the barrier stand between we - but we breach it . be magnificent . you be the first to find I . sybok we seek only you infinite wisdom . be and how do you breach the barrier ? sybok with a starship ! be this starship , could it carry my wisdom beyond the barrier ? sybok it could . yes . be then I shall make use of this starship . sybok ( thrilled ) it will be you chariot ! kirk politely raise he hand . kirk Excuse I . be ( ignore kirk ) it will carry my power to every corner of creation ... kirk ( insistent ) Excuse I . the be regards kirk like he be a pesky insect . kirk ( continue ) I would just like to ask a question . mccoy look at kirk like he just farted in church . kirk ( continue ) what do God need with a starship ? the be return he attention to sybok . be bring the ship closer . kirk I say ... what do God need with a starship ? mccoy Jim , what be you do ? kirk I be ask a question . the be once again regards kirk . kirk stand he ground . be who be this creature ? kirk who be I ? do not you know ? be not you God ? the smile leave the be 's face . thunder rumble faintly in the distance , underscore he displeasure . sybok he have he doubt ... be you doubt I ? kirk I seek proof . mccoy Jim , you do not ask the almighty for he i.d. be then here be the proof that you seek . a bolt of energy shoot from the be 's eye and strike kirk full in the chest , knock he to the ground . spock and mccoy look on in shock as kirk , injure , try to rise . 230 int . enterprise - bridge the crew can not comprehend this turn of event . korrd , caithlin and Talbot look at each other in horror . 231 back to amphitheater kirk ( to sybok ) why .. be God ... angry ? sybok be confound . he address the be . sybok why ? why have you do this to my friend ? be he doubt I . spock take it upon himself to step forward . spock you have not answer he question . what do God need with a starship ? the be 's countenance turn dark . another bolt shoot from he eye and head for spock . crash ! spock be knock to the ground . the be turn to mccoy . be do you doubt I ? mccoy look at the be 's handiwork - he injure friend . mccoy I doubt any God who inflict pain for he own pleasure . the be be on the verge of zap mccoy when sybok interrupt . sybok stop ! the God of sha ka ree would not do this ! by way of reply , the be smile a truly wick smile and sybok realize to he horror that he 's be trick . be sha ka ree ? ( scornful laugh ) a vision you create . a eternity I have be imprison in this place ! the ship ! I must have the ship ! now give I what I want ! spock shout to he brother . spock sybok - this be not the God of sha ka ree - or any other God ! sybok I do not understand .. ( to the be ) reveal yourself to I ! 232 angle - the be before we stunne eye the be change into sybok himself - a dark , sinister reflection of sybok . this evil sybok laugh , enjoy the reaction . be ( laugh ) what 's wrong ? do not you like this face ? I have so many . but this one suit you best . 233 angle to include sybok his self - realization be painful to behold . sybok no , no , it 's not possible . be bring I the ship or I will destroy you ! sybok ( realize the be 's evil intention ) the ship .... be bring it closer so that I might join with it . do it , or watch this puny thing die horribly . the be indicate spock and mccoy . sybok what have I do ? kirk ( into he communicator ) kirk to Enterprise . listen carefully ... sybok ( turn to spock ; in agony ) spock ... spock ( urgently ) sybok . sybok ( soul search ) this be my do . this be my arrogance ... my vanity ... spock sybok , we must find a way ... sybok ( interrupt ) no . you must save yourselves . forgive I , brother . forgive I . sybok raise he hand to spock in the vulcan gesture of farewell , then turn to face the be , gather up all he power . spock start forward but kirk hold he back . 234 angle - the be and spock sybok have no fear as he confront he evil mirror image . sybok ( continue ; to the be ) I could not help but notice you pain . be ( catch off - guard ) my pain ? sybok it run deep . share it with I . sybok boldly enter the shaft and embrace he evil twin . 235 angle - ENERGY haft a amazing spectacle . as they grapple , the good and evil sybok merge into one twist , thrashing body , clearly at battle with itself . the good sybok tear himself loose . he dominate the struggle until the evil sybok manage to rip through and fight back . the two sybok , good and evil , battle on ... merge , tear again . kirk ( into communicator ) Enterprise ... be you ready ? 236 int . enterprise - bridge sulu and chekov in action . sulu use all the trick of the pilot 's trade to angle the ship into the best possible attack position . chekov punch command into the weapon console , plotting the correct torpedo trajectory . it 's like watch two master magician play a symphony in a windstorm . the screen in front of they blink and flash with graphic display and warning . sulu in fire position . torpedo armed . chekov but , Captain , we be fire directly on you position . 237 back to planet sybok continue to grapple with he evil twin . kirk send it down , Mr. chekov . now ! 238 ext . space - angle - enterprie and ENERGY shaft a photo torpedo leave the dish and streak forward . 239 angle camera chase the torpedo down the shaft and into the hole . kirk run ! go! 240 int . amphitheater Impact be second away . kirk , spock and mccoy run for cover . from far beneath the surface of the planet come the SOUND of the explosion . the ground blister and pucker . 241 amphitheater - long shot we heroes dive for cover as a blinding explosion erupt from the hole . 242 int . amphitheater smoke . debris . the cathedral be in disarray . a eerie silence . kirk , spock and mccoy emerge from cover . the energy shaft be a memory . in its place there be only a gape hole , glow raw and red like a wound . spock ( softly ) sybok ... a rumbling SOUND from within the earth . the hole throbs . it pulsate . kirk ( worried ) we have get to get out of here . 243 kirk , spock and mccoy they haul ass up the side of the amphitheater . 244 int . enterprise - bridge chekov and sulu still at work at the console . uhura sulu , I have lose they . they desperately try to locate kirk , spock and mccoy on the planet below . 245 angle - defense station the unattend screen still depict the Bird of prey . " estimated time of intercept : 4 minute . " then , the graphic of the ship vanish and be replace with this warning : " cloaking device engaged . position unknown . " 246 ext . amphitheater kirk , spock and mccoy reach the top and rush to copernicus . 247 int . copernicus kirk , spock and mccoy make it inside . the door close behind they . kirk spock , get we out of here ! before spock can act a tremendous blow rock the shuttle . there 's something out there and it want to get in . spock try the control . spock thrusters be inoperative . kirk whip out he communicator . kirk Mr. Scott ! scotty' voice scotty here , sir . kirk please tell I the transporter be work . 248 int . enterprise - transporter room scotty she 's get partial power , sir . I might be able to take two of you . 249 int . copernicus kirk ( into communicator ) beam up spock and Dr. mccoy . now ! before spock and mccoy can protest , the transporter beam shimmer down and take they away . mccoy now just a damn minute ... spock and mccoy vanish in a glow of light as they be beam up . 250 int . enterprise - transporter room spock and mccoy step off the platform . scotty be at the control console . spock thank you , Mr. Scott . beam up the Captain . scotty aye-aye . 251 ext . space - angle - enterprise and bird of prey the klingon ship have decloak and fire from a position directly in front of the Enterprise . in cowboy term , it 's get the drop on they . 252 int . enterprise - transporter room Enterprise absorb a terrific jolt . spock , mccoy and scotty go fly as the transporter explode in a shower of spark . 253 ext . space - angle on bird of prey firing . 254 int . copernicus kirk turn to see another blinding explosion . he look frighten ; realize he 's not go to be beam up . 255 int . enterprise - bridge the crew painfully pull itself together . fire be put out . auxiliary power come on . spock , mccoy and scotty enter . mccoy ( to spock ) what about Jim ? we can not just leave he down there . spock ( stoic ) please get a grip on yourself , doctor. ( to uhura ) status report . uhura klingon Captain wish to name he term , Mr. spock . spock on screen . klaa appear on the veiwscreen , arm fold across he chest , seat triumphantly in he command chair . he speak English for the first time . klaa' image this be Captain klaa of the klingon Empire . attempt to raise shield or arm weapon and I will destroy you . you be alive for a single reason . the renegade James T. kirk . Hand he over and I will spare you life . my transporter stand ready to beam he aboard . spock Captain kirk be not among we . klaa' image you lie ! spock I be a vulcan . I be incapable of lie . Captain kirk be on the planet below . klaa' image then give I he coordinate ! spock glimpsis a possibility . he turn to korrd and speak with urgency . spock General , I be in need of you assistance . korrd ( scoffing ) my assistance ? spock you be he superior officer . korrd I be a foolish old man . spock damn you , sir , you will try ! korrd see that spock will not take no for a answer . CUT to : 256 ext . space the Bird of prey fly toward the Enterprise . spock's voice klingon Commander , someone wish to speak with you . 257 ext . peak - planet kirk scramble from one hide place to another . 258 pinnacle with nowhere to go but up , kirk scale a steep pinnacle . he climb with agility and speed . 259 wide angle shot kirk climb up as a bolt of light hit the rock before he . the blue light and smoke of the be pulsate from the rocky face of the mountain . the eye of the be glow white . there 's a whooshing SOUND from above . kirk look up . 260 angle - sky above the Bird of prey drop out of the storm cloud . its gun come to life and strafe the rock creature . 261 kirk vulnerable atop the pinnacle . the Bird of prey hover directly above he , its gun swiveling in he direction . kirk be determine to go down fight . kirk ( shouting in defiance ) so it 's I you want , you klingon bastard ! what be you wait for ?! the Bird of prey 's transporter beam shimmer down and engulf he . kirk disappear in its sparkling light , save from the be who let out a angry roar of defeat . the Bird of prey take off with its prize . 262 int . bird of prey - transporter room kirk materialize . he 's immediately seize by two brutal - look klingon . they march he out of the transporter room . 263 int . bird of prey - bridge the bridge door slide open and kirk be bring in . the klingon crew regard he from they station . klaa be off to one side look petulant . korrd stand beside he , chest puffed up with pride , obviously in charge . korrd ( to the guard ) release he . the guard step away from kirk . klaa glare at korrd but it 's clear the older klingon be now call the shot . kirk regards korrd with surprise . korrd ( continue ) kirk , my junior officer have something he want to say to you . ( speak to klaa in klingon . ) klaa I apologize . korrd speak to klaa in klingon once again . klaa ( continue ) the attack upon you vessel be not authorize by my government . korrd kirk , and now , may I present we new gunner . the command chair swivel around to reveal its occupant to be spock . he unstrap himself from the gunner 's rig , stand up and straighten he uniform in a dignify manner . kirk spock ? spock welcome aboard , Captain . kirk regards the stoic spock with affection and wonder . kirk ( can not believe it ) spock , I think I be go to die . spock not possible . you be never alone . kirk fight back tear and clasp he friend in a hug . spock stiffen with embarrassment . spock ( continue ) please , Captain , not in front of the klingon . kirk laugh and hug he all the harder . spock tentatively hug he back . CUT to : 264 ext . space Enterprise and Bird of prey be side by side , in orbit around the planet . 265 int . enterprise - forward observation room - angle on korrd the klingon polish off a tumbler of fluid . he frown . what he want be a real drink . scotty approach he . scotty would you care for a wee nip of scotch whiskey ? korrd ummmm ... scotty produce a bottle and pour a splash into the klingon 's tumbler . korrd downs it with obvious relish . scotty smile . scotty I never think I would ever be drink with a klingon , heh ? korrd chortle agreeably and move off . we follow he over to Talbot and caithlin . korrd what be you two conspire about ? talbot we be just say how far we have come in such a short space of time . korrd we certainly have . 266 angle - sulu and chekov the door slide open and vixis , sulu and chekov enter the room , vixis lead the way . chekov ( be vixis ) she have wonderful muscle . 267 angle - klaa vixis walk to klaa . when they see he , chekov and sulu suddenly stop and turn away . klaa wave off a waiter who offer he a drink . he approach a table where kirk sit talk to crewmen . klaa give he the klingon chest - thumping salute . 268 angle - kirk with a smile , kirk return the klingon salute . he notice spock and mccoy stand at the window , stare out , oblivious to the party around they . kirk approach . kirk cosmic thought , gentleman ? mccoy we be speculate . ( stare out ) ... be God really out there ? kirk maybe he 's not out there , Bones . maybe he 's right here ... in the human heart ( notice spock 's distant expression ) spock ? spock I be think of sybok . I have lose a brother . kirk yes . I lose a brother once . I be lucky . I get he back . mccoy I think you say man like we do not have family . kirk I be wrong . camera push in on they as the three man smile they understanding at one another and we slowly ... dissolve to : 269 ext . yosemite - night camera pull back from a roaring campfire . mccoy pour two cup full of bourbon and hand one to kirk who set aside he marshmallow on a stick . kirk and mccoy clink cup in a silent toast and drink , distract by strange plinking sound from close by . spock be reveal , absently strumm he vulcan lute , in search of a tune . kirk ( with a smile ) be you just go to sit there and pluck that thing ? or be you go to play something ? the plink and plunk gradually become a tune . the unmistakable " row you Boat . " kirk and mccoy react with delight . kirk take a hit of bourbon and clear he throat . kirk ( sing ) " row , row , row you boat , gently down the stream , merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily , life be but a dream . " ( repeat ) spock jump in . spock ( sing ; overlap ) " row , row , row you boat , gently down the stream , merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily , life be but a dream . " ( repeat ) kirk sit down at the fire . he reach over and tap mccoy , encourage he to join the songfest . mccoy ( sing ; overlap ) " row , row , row you boat , gently down the stream , merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily , life be but a dream . " ( repeat ) as they continue to sing we execute the great pullback of all time . the campfire become a dot of light . the dot of light join other dot of light . they become star of the universe . and the adventure continue ... roll end credit over as the group continue to sing . fade to black .