1 starfield vfx credit over serene space when suddenly ..... a enormous explosion , send debris fly at warp velocity .... 2 omit vfx 3 cu a teacup widen to reveal int. bridge , u.s.s. excelsior the polyglot crew be busy seat in the captain 's chair , a familiar face : sulu he have he own command , and be drink a cup of tea . the Science officer stand next to he , confer , hand he a datacount . sulu muse over the content . sulu accord to this , we have complete we exploration the the entire section . Science officer fifty -four planet , and they gaseous atmospheric anomaly . we sense and analytic equipment work really well . sulu time we be head home . Three year be ...... the ship start to tremble 4 angle on sulu 's tea cup shake in its saucer ..... sulu and the crew look at each other as the shake increase . the teacup smashes . Science officer I have a energy wave from 240 degree , mark six port .... sulu Visual ! 4 on the screen 4 continue vfx a enormous gaseous wave , a subspace shock front . sulu ( continue ) my God !!! shield !! 5 ext . the galaxy vfx meteor and asteroid smash past , burn chunks fly by at warp speed . excelsior reel . 6 int. u.s.s. excelsior bridge the ship roll , throw everyone off balance . sulu what the hell be go on ? the crew jump to . Computers light up . information fly across screen and monitor . the ship be batter like a fighter 's punch bag with shock and jolt and tremor . 7 int. crew 's quarter , galley , corridor , etc . sleep member be throw from they berth . the claxon alarm sound pervasively ...... Crew , etc . what the --- look out ! --- station --- etc . 8 int. excelsior Bridge lojur Captain , she 's not answer the helm ..... sulu starboard thruster . turn she into the wave ! 9 int. excelsior engine room Chaos . valve hiss purple . Crew run , knock about . engineer engine room . what 's go on up .... 10 int. excelsior Bridge 10 continue sulu Quarter inpulse power ! excelsior have be knock about and everyone on the bridge be hold on or slide around . she settles and one by one , she crew resume they station . sulu damage report ! Voice ( filter ) seem to be in one piece , Captain . we be check all system ..... 10 the Main viewscreen vfxa show excelsior get bump about by the final fragment drift past , bounce off the shield . sulu ( to Science officer ) do not tell I that be any meteor shower . Science officer ( over he console ) negative . the subspace shock wave originate at bering Three -two - three , Mark seven - five , the location of .... ( turn to sulu ) praxis . a klingon moon . barren of indigenous life form out ... sulu essential as a resource . praxis be they key energy production facility . ( think ) send to klingon high command : " this be excelsior , a federation starship travel through beta quadrant . we have monitor a large explosion in you sector . do you require assistance ? communicationss officer aye , Sir ! sulu Mr. valtane , any more data ? 10 continue Science officer I have confirm the location , Sir , but .... sulu what be it ? Science officer .... I can not confirm the existence of praxis . sulu react , go over to the Science Console and look at the screen . nothing there . sulu magnify . the Science officer hit the button 10 on the viewscreen vfxb a barren moon with three - fourth of its mass blow away drift lifelessly in a black void . sulu praxis ? Science officer what 's leave of it . Communications officer Captain , I be get a message from klingon high command . sulu onscreen . 11 on viewscreen : a snowy picture of a wild - eye klingon officer . Officer this be a emergency ! we have suffer ..... he look around , the ground be shaking under he , as sulu watch , the picture collapse , then come on again , with a different face . kerla this be brigadier kerla , speak for the klingon high command . 11 continue : kerla ( continue ) there have be a incident on praxis , however everything be under control . we have no need for assistance . obey treaty stipulation and remain outside the neutral Zone . tranmission end now ! 12 the screen go black . sulu look incredulous . sulu a incident ?!? Communications officer do we report this , Sir ? sulu be you kid ? ( swivel to the communication officer ) send to starfleet Command .... 13 ext. Space vfx excelsior warp off into the galaxy . 14 omit through 22 22a cu starfleet insignia kirk walk into shot . kirk what be we do here ? wide to reveal 23 int. starfleet briefing room - day the room fill with bemedale brass , kirk 's crew among they - the only starship complement in the room . they can not help look at each other , question . they be in uniform . Bones search I . anybody know how come we make the " a " list ? 22 continue : uhura my shore leave be just cancel . scotty be not this just for top brass ? chekov where be Mr. sulu ? kirk captain sulu be on assignment ... anyone see spock ? a door open and a starfleet adc , austere and impressive enter and gavel the meeting to order . adc this briefing be classified . there will be no recording device . lady and gentlemen , the Commander in Chief . all rise as the starfleet Commander in Chief enter , with a briefcase and pull material from it . Commander in Chief as you be ... I will make this as simple as possible . the klingon Empire have roughly 50 year of life leave to it . all look at each other in disbelief . Commander in Chief ( continue ) for full detail , I be turn the briefing over to we special federation envoy .. he make a sign and another door open . spock walk to the podium . kirk and company be astound . spock good morning . two month ago a federation starship monitor a explosion on the klingon moon praxis . we believe it be cause by overmine and insufficent safety precaution . the moon 's decimation mean a almost eighty percent loss of available energy and a deadly pollution of they ozone . they will have deplete they supply of 23 continue oxygen in less than half a century . due to they enormous military budget , the klingon economy do not have the resource with which to combat this catastrophe . last month , at the behest of the , uh .... vulcan ambassador , I open a dialogue with gorkon , chancellor of the klingon high council . he propose to commence negotiation at once . Admiral Donald negotions for what ? spock the dismantle of we space station and star basis along the neutral Zone . a end to seventy year of unremitte hostility , which the klingon can no longer afford . audible muttering . Pan the crew . be the war over ? spock ( continue ) if the klingon sue for peace , we could accumulate savings in defense expenditure , leave the federation ecomony free to grapple with urgent social problem ...... a military man Bill , be we talk about mothball the starfleet ? Commander in Chief I be sure we exploration and science program would not be affect , but the fact speak for themselves , Captain . Admiral Donald I must protest . to offer the klingon a safe haven within federation space be suicide . and if we dismantle the fleet , we would be defenseless before a bellicose people with a foothold on we territory , lead by a unprincipled tyrant . the opportunity here be to embargo trading , force they to run 23 continue : through they own resource faster , and bring they to they knee . then we will be in a far better position to dictate term . a vocal minority of the briefing support this , but not all . kirk simply stare at spock . Commander in Chief starfleet in under civilian control , Admiral . the decision be a political , not a military one , and it 's be make . kirk Sir ..... Commander in Chief Captain kirk ? kirk ( eye spock briefly ) Sir , I be no diplomat , but the klingon have never be trustworthy . I be force to agree with Admiral Donald . this be ... ( he grope for tact ) .... a terrible , a terrifying idea ! the Admiral whisper to the Commander in Chief Commander in Chief you son be kill by a klingon , be not he , Captain ? kirk yes , sir. Commander in Chief I be sorry , but Commander spock have persuade the federation that this situation be too promise to ignore . spock it be imperative that we act now , to support the gorkon initiative , lest more conservative element persuade he empire that it would be better to attempt a military solution and die fight . 23 continue : Commander in Chief captian kirk , you be to be we first olive branch . kirk I ? spock we have volunteer to rendezvous with the klingon ship that 's bring chancellor gorkon here , and escort he safely through federation space . kirk be too startle to speak . Commander in Chief as it happen , kirk , the chancellor specifically request you and you officer . kirk why , in God 's name ? Commander in Chief there be some klingon who feel the same about a peace treaty as yourself , and Admiral Donald . they will think twice about attack the Enterprise under you command . spock I have personally vouch for you in theis matter , Captain . kirk you have personally ..... Commander in Chief you will accord chancellor gorkon full diplomatic coutesy , Captain kirk . kirk ( strain ) surely , a full ambassador would be better equip to .... Commander in Chief if there 's no further business , I wish you and you crew godspeed . thank you all . 23 continue he charge out as all rise . everyone file out . Admiral Donald I do not know whether to congratulate you or not , Jim . he move off before kirk can reply . the room be empty except for spock , still at the podium and kirk sit alone in the auditorium . he be curious , betrayed and spock know it . kirk we volunteer ? spock there 's a old vulcan proverb : only Nixon could have go to China . kirk ( incense ) how could you vouch for I ? that 's ..... ( word fail he ) ..... arrogant presumption . spock I be ask by my father to open negotiation with the klingon high council on behalf of the federation . under the circumstance , I be inclined to agree . kirk stand , and walk out of the room . 24 omitted 25 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise the elevator door open . a attractive vulcan Lieutenant leap out of the command chair , whip to attention . mccoy well , I have hear some whopper in my time ..... uhura ( overlap ) they be mothball the fleet ? 25 continue chekov ( overlap ) ve vill regret this .... Lt. valeris Captain on the bridge . the crew stand to . kirk as you be . Lieutenant ...? Lt. valeris we be tell you would need a helmsman ..... ( to spock ) ..... so I volunteer . she salute , kirk smile , return the salute . spock Lieutenant , I be please to see you . ( to kirk ) the Lieutenant be the first vulcan to ge graduate at the top of she class at the Academy . kirk congratulation , Lieutenant . that must make you very proud .... Lt. valeris I do not believe so , Sir . mccoy she 's a vulcan all right kirk ( down to business ) all right , let 's get this over with .... departure station .... ( push the intercomm ) scotty ? the crew assume they familiar station . scotty 's voice ( filter ) aye , Sir ? kirk you find the engine room ? 25 continue : scotty 's Voice right where I leave it , Sir . kirk standby . get I the dock master , uhura . uhura Control tower , read , Sir . kirk Control , this be Enterprise , request permission to depart . Voice over ( filter ) this be Control . Enterprise , you be grant permission to depart 30 second for port gate .... Lt. valeris clear all mooring ..... kirk await port gate from this mark .... Voice over moor line clear ..... Lt. valeris aft thruster ..... kirk ( overlap ) thank you , Lieutenant , one quarter impulse power ...... Lt. valeris ( she turn to face he ) Captain , may I remind you that regulation specify thruster only while in space dock ? the crew , old and young , watch this exchange keenly . spock be poker face . mccoy ( next to chekov ) uh , Jim .... kirk you hear the order , Lieutenant . 25 continue : Lt. valeris swivel away , roll she eye so kirk can not see , and hit the panel .... the ship begin to rattle slightly , then 26 ext . Space dock vfx the Enterprise scream out of the dock and exit through the just open bay door into outer space . 27 omitteed thru 29 30 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise - night kirk sit comfortably with a smile on he face kirk ( continue ) Lieutenant ..... Lieutenant valeris face he . kirk ( continue ) I do not care if I be senile . if I sit in this chair and give the word , you jump ! spock watch . Lt. valeris aye , sir. kirk plot a course for kronos , Lieutenant . Lt. valeris kronos , Sir ? kirk I be still in the chair , Lieutenant ! Lt. valeris aye , sir. other reaction . kirk have take command . 31 ext. Space vfx Enterprise cruise purposefully through the void . kirk 's voice over Captain 's log , stardate 8679.259 . they say you can not teach a old dog new trick , and maybe they be right . it seem to I we mission to escort the chancellor of the klingon High Council to a peace summit be problematic at best . 32 int. kirk cabin kirk be unpack he bag as he dictate , hang up he uniform , he shave tackle go next to the sink , etc . kirk ( continue ) I have never trust klingon , and never will . I have never be able to forgive they for the murder of my boy . spock say this could be a historic moment , and I would like to believe he , but how on earth can history get past people like I ? he set up a photo of David next to he berth . a delicate cough . kirk realize he 's not alone . swivel to face : lieutenat valeris stand in the bulkhead doorway . Lt. valeris sorry .... kirk come on , lieutenat , you could knock ! Lt. valeris we be almost at the rendezvous , I think you would want to know . kirk right . he stand up , and put on he jacket . she watch . Lt. valeris permission to speak freely , Sir ? 32 continue : he do not stop she Lt. valeris I gather you be not enthusiastic about the assignment , I do not think many on board be . kirk you pilote well out of spacedock , Lieutenant . Lt. valeris ( almost smile ) I always want to try that . kirk ( pass she ) only do not try put word in my mouth . and leave she with that ! 33 int. corridor outside spock quarter Lt. valeris approach , this time she 's smart enough to knock . spock voice enter . 34 int. spock quarter in contrast with he spartan personality , the room be a voluptuous incense - laden lair , fill with curtain and smoke . spock light a votive candle , survey she . he be out of uniform . spock you have do will , Lieutenant . as you sponsor at the Academy , I have follow you career with ... great satisfaction . and , as a vulcan ... Lt. valeris Sir , I speak to you as a kindre intellect . do you not recognize that a turn point have be reach in the affair of the federation ? 34 continue spock I be not certain such speculation be include among you duty , Lieutenant . Voice ( filter ) klingon battlecruiser off the port bow . all hand on deck . repeat ..... she 's startle . spock ( off she look ) in time you may come to view so-called turn point with .... skepticism . he start to get into uniform . spock ( continue ) you must have faith . Lt. valeris faith ....? spock that the universe will unfold as it should . 35 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise the cruise be proceeding evenly as kirk arive out of one turbo-lift . spock and the Lieutenant emerge from another . Voice Captain on the bridge . chekov Captain , shall we raise we shield ? spock look at kirk : " trust I " . kirk scowl at he and stare at the viewscreen . they all follow he gaze . 35 the main viewscreen vfx a klingon battlecruiser . huge . kirk ( finally ) never be this close ! 35 continue : spock the chancellor be undoubtedly await we signal . Boy , be this hard for kirk .......... finally : kirk uhura , hail frequency . hard starboard , bring we alongside .... Lt. valeris hard starboard , Z plus five degree . uhura Channel open , Captain . kirk this be the starship Enterprise , Captain James T. kirk , command . 36 gorkon come up on the main visual display . gorkon this be kronos one . I be chancellor gorkon . kirk chancellor . we have be order to escort you through federation space to you meeting on Earth . gorkon thank you , Captain . kirk ( do he best ) uh .... would you and you party care to dine this evening aboard the Enterprise with my officer as guest of the United federation of planet ? 37 a few of the crew look around at kirk . gorkon we would be delighted to accept you gracious invitation . kirk ( nut ) we will make arrangement to have you beam aboard at 1930 hour . 37 continue : gorkon I shall look forward to it . he disappear . kirk turn to spock . kirk I hope you be happy . Lt. valeris Captain .... kirk turn to face she . Lt. valeris ( continue ) ... there be a supply of romulan ale aboard , it might make the evening pass more ...... smoothly ? kirk smile , relieved . kirk Officer think , Lieutenant . 38 at the communication console chekov lean over to uhura . chekov guess who be come to dinner ? 39 ext. Space vfx both ship cruise parallel in space . 40 int. Enterprise transporter room . scotty stand by the console . kirk , spock , and mccoy stand next to he . they be in dress uniform . scotty maybe if they particle just get a wee bit mix ...... kirk energize .... 40 vfx the beam reflect on the glass shield as half dozen klingon , include one woman , start materialize . NB Separate beam -in for gorkon , azetbur , chang . gorkon descend first . he be tall , splendidly barbaric . 40 continue kirk chancellor gorkon . the klingon be lordly , formal , bow , take in they surroundings . a electronic bosun 's whistle pipe they aboard . kirk ( continue ) chancellor , may I present Commander spock , whom I believe you know , Doctor Leonard mccoy , Chief medical officer , Montgomery Scott , chief engineer ... gorkon ( to spock ) Commander , face to face at last .... you have my thanks . spock bow . gorkon ( continue ) gentlemen , this be my daughter , azetbur .... my military adviser , brigadier kerla .... and this be General chang , my Chief of staff . chang wear a patch over one eye . he advance on kirk , with a grim smile , one eyeball to eyeball . chang I have always want to meet you , Captain kirk . kirk ( smile ) I be not sure how to take that ! kerla sincere admiration , kirk . chang ( soft ) as one warrior to another .... kirk ( duck this ) uh , right this way , gentleman , I think you might enjoy a brief tour .... 40 continue the party leave . as they move past two crewmen .... 1st crewman they all look alike . 2nd crewman what about that smell ? you know only the top of the line model can even talk . they turn to find themselves face a expressionless Lieutenant valeris . Lt. valeris you man have work ? 1st crewman yes , sir. Lt. valeris then snap to it . 41 int . R deck corridor leave the Enterprise Science lab . gorkon you research laboratory be most impressive ..... kirk starfleet 's be chart and cataloge planetary atmosphere . all vessel be equip with chemical - analytic sensor .... gorkon this can not be easy for you , Captain ...... ( off of kirk look ) ..... I would feel awkward if I have to give you a tour of we vessel . the man 's courtesy make kirk feel guilty .... kirk would you care to go topside ? chang very much . 41 continue chekov ( pull kirk aside ) Captain , you be not go to show they the bridge ?? kirk ( clenched tooth ) full diplomatic courtesy , Mr. chekov .... the party pass uhura and a young crewman . younger crewman would you want you daughter to marry one ? 42 omitted 42 repeat 39 vfx vfx the two ship cruise parallel . 43 int. officer mess , Enterprise a window irise open reveling the star glide by . a hand pour deep blue romulan ale into gorkon 's crystal goblet . dinner well underway . principal from both party be at the table . steward keep food and drink in motion . gorkon I give you a toast : " the undiscovered country " ( off they look ) the future . all drink romulan ale , echoing " the undiscovered country " . the klingon eat with they finger , scorn utensil . spock hamlet , act three , scene one . gorkon you have never experience Shakespeare until you have read he in the original klingon . chang turn to kirk with a malicious twinkle . 43 continue chang " to be or not to be , that be the question " which preoccupy we people , Captain kirk . we need breathe room ..... kirk I beg you pardon ? kerla Captain kirk , I think romulan ale be illegal . it take kirk a moment to regain he composure . kirk one of the advantage of be a thousand light year from federation headquarters . silence . mccoy to you , chancellor gorkon ; one of the architect of we future . all drink . as romulan ale flow throughout the scene , tongue get looser . gorkon watch . scotty perhaps we be look at something of that future here . azetbur Commander spock , mindful of all you work behind the scene , and despite the cordiality at this mess , I do not sense a acceptance of we people throughout you ship . spock they be naturally wary , mar 'am . we have be at war a long time . uhura how do both side overcome engrain prejudice ? chekov perhaps with a few small step at a time . like this one . 43 continue mccoy and perhaps with a large step or two . like a peace treaty . chang Captain kirk , be you willing to give up starfleet ? kirk stare spock ( look at kirk ) I believe the Captain feel that starfleet 's mission have always be one of peace . kirk ( glare ) Far be it from I to dispute my first officer . starfleet have always ...... chang come now , Captain , this dinner be off the record : in space all warrior be cold warrior . scotty we have never try to ..... kerla you hypocritically presume that you democratic system give you a moral prerogative to force other culture to conform to you politics . mccoy that 's not true .....! kerla no ? uhura turn to the klingon next to she - all tact . uhura General , be you fond of Shakespeare ? he look at she , he hand and mouth full of food . ugh ! chekov pursue . 43 continue chekov ve do not impose democracy on other . ve do believe that every planet have a sovereign claim to human rights . azetbur ( spit ) " human rights " . even the name be racist . the federation be basically a " homo sapien " only club ..... spock react to this . chang be amused . chang present company except , to be sure ... uhura well , I suppose we be not perfect . scotty ( rise ) do not let they put word in you mouth ! I have not serve 30 year in the engine room of a starship to be accuse of gunboat diplomacy ! kerla in any case , we know where this be lead , the annihilation of we culture . klingon will replace that on the lowest rung of the federation employment ladder , take menial job and perform they for lower pay ...... chekov that 's economics , not racism ! uhura but you have to admit it add up to the same thing . mccoy do not be naive , Commander ! uhura who be you call " naive " ? kirk stare sullenly down the table throughout this . 43 continue : chekov we be explorer , not diplomat ! mccoy starfleet 's kill a awful lot of natural phenomenon in the name of " exploration " ...... scotty we follow order ...... chekov since when have that be a excuse ? diplomacy must resolve this ..... scotty right ! leave it to the politician to muck it up and leave we defenseless ....! a cough interrupt the fight . all eye on gorkon . the klingon conceal they amusement . gorkon well . I see we have a long way to go . reaction from kirk and he officer . 44 int. transporter room , Enterprise both party be gather , say goodby . gorkon thank you , Captain kirk . the evening have be most .... edify . kirk ( wooden ) we must do this again soon . gorkon stare at he , smile slightly . gorkon you do not trust I . kirk can not look at he . gorkon ( continue ) I do not blame you . if there be to be a " brave new world " , we old people will have the hardest time live it it . 44 continue gorkon ( turn to spock ) Commander spock . spock chancellor . a pleasure to meet you , ma'am azetbur Captain , Commander ..... kirk General chang , a pleasure ..... chang ( grin ) " parting be such sweet sorrow , shall we say goodnight till it be morrow " ? kirk be ready to slug he , but turn he fist into a salute . the klingon step on the trasporter platform . chang speak into he communicator , nod to kirk . kirk energize . 44 they disappear . the bosun 's whistle . vfx scotty thank God . chekov do you see the way they eat ? terrible table manners . spock I do not believe we own conduct will distinguish we in the annal of diplomacy ....... kirk I be go to sleep this off . let I know if there 's some other way we can screw up tonight . he start out , other follow .... 45 int. kirk quarter he come in slightly drunk and push the button on he log . lies on he bunk and speak . the ship bell give 45 continue 0100 . kirk captain log. stardate 8679.15 . the Enterprise host chancellor gorkon and company for dinner last night . we manners be not exactly Emily Post . note to the galley : romulan ale no longer to be seve at diplomatic function . he lean back , sigh , think - kirk ( continue ) but it be not the ale . that be just the excuse we need to say all the thing there be really on we mind ..... spock voice ( filter ) Captain kirk , you be want on the bridge . Captain kirk ...... kirk react , try to shake himself awake . 46 int. Enterprise bridge kirk enter . glance at the main visual display : the 46 battlecruiser still travel silently alongside . vfx vulcan Lt. still have the conn . spock be at he post . spock Captain . kirk ( rub he eye ) what be it ? spock I be uncertain kirk spock , I be really tired .... spock we be read a enormous amount of neutron radiation . 46 continue kirk ( try to focus ) where ? spock curiously , it appear to emanate from we . kirk from Enterprise ? spock remain silent . kirk be distrube , pace , watch the display . kirk Lieutenant , you know anything about a neutron energy surge ? Lt. valeris Sir ? kirk Mr. chekov , anything unusual ? chekov just the size of my head .... kirk I know what you mean ..... 46 a photon torpedo suddenly streak from the botton of vfxb the screen and hit the hull of the president flagship ! kirk what the ...... spock we have fire on the chancellor 's ship . chekov torpedo room ..... kirk uhura , monitor ! Lt. valeris direct hit ! uhura confirm , Captain ! 46 continue 46 a second photon torpedo shoot out from the botton of vfxc the display screen towards the president ship ! kirk ( frantic ) who 's do that ??? the vulcan Lt. hit panel control , try to find out . 47 int. gorkon stateroom , klingon flagship gorkon , several adviser , and soldier be seat , but the impact have throw they about . they speak subtitle klingon . the entire flagship be drench in amber emergency light . adviser we be hit ...! another blast . they start float helplessly in the air ! everything mobile rise , weapon float out of reach ... soldier gravity generator ! 48 int. transporter room , Flagship close on 48 two set of heavy gravity boot , as the materialize . vfxa the leg inside they wear starfleet uniform , and carry phaser at they side . they shoot the klingon transporter officer . they stomp heavily throught the alarm and chaos , fire at the helpless , float crew ... cry of the wounded . weapon ploat out of they holster just out of reach in the amber light ..... 48 klingon blood float in the air . vfxb 49 int. Flagship corridor where klingon crew be float helplessly . the gravity boot shoot anything in they way , walk on wall , etc . as they hurry along to : 50 int. gorkon stateroom , Flagship where they blast a guard at the door , sever he arm and enter . the klingon have weapon , but be float 50 continue and unable to aim . they be quickly shot as the two hit man make they way toward gorkon . 50 blood now float about as well as debtris in the vfx crackle emergency lighting . a good deal of hiss steam ...... chancellor gorkon be shot . the hit man turn and exit quickly . linger on a scene of weightless carnage and assassination . 51 int. Flagship corridor - night vfx the hit man hurry back the way they come in they awkward magnetic boot . body and blood float around they . 52 int. transporter room , Flagship 52 the heavy boot step on the platform and de-materialize . vfx ( one foot tread on float klingon blood ) 53 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise 53 a snowy picture on the visual display , then chang come vfxa on ( still in amber light ) .... chang ( he 's scream in klingon , reverting to he native language under stress . ) uhura he say we have fire on they in a blatant act of war . kirk we have not fire .... spock accord to the data bank , we have .... .... twice ! Lt. valeris Captain , they be come about ! 53 Main viewscreen vfxb one battlecruiser flagship now head for Enterprise . spock they be prepare to fire . 53 continue chekov shield up , Captain ? kirk have not move . he 's stare at the display , think . Lt. valeris Captain , we shield ! kirk uhura , signal we surrender . uhura Captain ....! kirk we surrender ! uhura chekov this be Enterprise , Captain , if they fire we surrender . repeat , at we with we shield Enterprise surrender ! down ........! kirk torpedo bay ! do we fire that torpedoe ? 54 omitted 55 int. Enterprise torpedo bay scotty negative , Captain . accord to inventory , we be still fully load . 56 int. Enterprise bride angle on spock reacting . how can this be ? he check data bank again . 56 cu data bank : they confirm , two photon torpedoe fire . vfx kirk stand down you weapon . scotty ( v.o. ) Captain , if ..... 57 another angle kirk stand down , Mr. Scott . all stop . that 's a order ! 57 continue scotty aye , Sir ! mccoy rush in , carry he stuff . mccoy what the hell 's go on ? kirk I wish I know . uhura ? uhura it 's pretty chaotic over there . there 's be some weapon fire and a lot of shouting .... kirk I be go aboard . spock , you have the conn . he head for the turbolift . spock block he . spock I be responsible for involve you in this . I will go . kirk ( bitter ) I 'm go ! you be go to be responsible for get I out of this ! meanwhile we be not go to be the instigator of a full scale war on the eve of universal peace . spock perhaps you be right . and spock uncharacteristically pat he on the back spock good luck , Captain . mccoy I be go too . they may need a doctor . kirk uhura , tell they we be come . and tell they we be unarm . they hurry out . 58 int. gorkon stateroom , Flagship chang and he assistant be try to sort thing out without gravity . chang shout efficient order in klingon as he find and try to help gorkon ..... chang keep himself upright by grab a handhold , but the stricken be still float ... a few more order from chang , then the light flicker , then all the body and blood slam to the ground as the gravitational source be restore . lighting be normal . 59 int. Flagship transporter room vfx kirk and mccoy materialize . they be quickly surround by armed soldier . kirk put he hand out to indicate they be not carry weapon . they be searched as kerla enter . kerla have you lose you mind ? kirk I give you my word , I do not understand what have happen . mccoy we be here to help ...... kerla ( hesitates , furious ) follow I . he lead they along the corridor 60 int. flagship corridor same path , a scene of destruction , which the hit man take , right into 61 int. gorkon stateroom , Flagship where dead and wounded be be separate . kerla hurry over to gorkon , askew on the rug , blood run everwhere . azetbur be hold he , now bloody herself ( she be not in the room during the assignation ) mccoy chancellor gorkon ! he go to he immediately . chang rise from next to gorkon . 61 continue kirk my God , what happen here ? chang you feign ignorance ? kirk what happened ? chang you crippled we gravitational field with a direct torpedo hit , and two starfleet crewmen beam aboard in magnetic boot and do this ! we have witness ! kirk have no response , be shocked . mccoy Jim ! mccoy be be hold back from gorkon by two klingon . kirk he 's a doctor ! chang how can I trust .... mccoy be you carry a surgeon ? chang we be , until you fire you torpedoe ! mccoy then let I help ! chang hesitates , then signal . mccoy be release . mccoy I need some light . can we get he onto the table ? klingon lift gorkon onto he table , someone produce light . mccoy whip out he medical scanner . his hand be shaking . mccoy ( to kirk ) hold he . kirk grab gorkon arm . 61 continue mccoy ( continue ) sweet Jesus ....! he 's lose a lot of whatever this stuff be .... kirk can you .....? mccoy Jim , I do not even know he anatomy mccoy furiously go over gorkon with he anabolic photoplaser . shake he head . gorkon clutches kirk . mccoy the wound be not close .... kerla you be kill he ! kirk grab chang before he can get to mccoy kirk no ! mccoy chancellor gorkon , can you hear I ? chancellor .......? no response . mccoy rip open gorkon 's collar .... azetbur Father .....! kirk Bones .....? mccoy he 's go into some kind of arrest ..... come on , dammit !! he try a medical tricorder . frantically , he whump gorkon 's chest , as kirk , et al , look as gorkon feebly open he eye , see kirk .... gorkon be you alright ? gorkon freeze , mccoy look at he scanner . it burn bright red . gorkon be dead . kirk be in shock , he can not believe it . 61 continue mccoy ( stun ) I have lose he ...... azetbur sit hold gorkon , dry -ey . kirk pull at mccoy chang ( grim triumph ) under artickle 184 of interstellar Law , I place you both under arrest . you be charge with assassinate the chancellor of the High Council . kirk he just try to save he !!!! chang ( klingon ) take they away . they be handcuff . both be in shock . 62 int. bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise uhura be listen carefully . scotty have join spock and the other on the bridge . uhura they have be arrest . all eye go to spock . we can guess how he feel . chekov Mr. spock , we have get to do something ! the other crowd in , wait for order . depend on he . spock ( finally ) I assume command of this ship as of ( he check ) 0130 hour . uhura , send to starfleet hq . explain precisely what have take place , and request instruction . uhura yes , sir. 62 continue Lt. valeris but we can not allow they to be take back to kronos as prisoner ! spock what do you suggest , Lieutenant ? open fire will not retrieve the Captain , and a armed engagement be precisely what he wish to avoid . scotty at least we must keep track of where they be take , sir. I .... spock I have already address that question , Mr. Scott . we will be able to follow the Captain 's movement . Lt. valeris how do you ....? spock in the meantime , we must endeavor to piece together what happen here tonight . accord to we data bank , this ship fire that torpedoe . scotty no way ! spock Mr. Scott , you forget yourself . please accompany I . he start out . chekov and if we can not piece together what happen ? what then , Sir ? spock turn unhappily . spock then , Mr. chekov , it reside in the hand of the diplomat . 63 int. Office of the federation President - Day 63 continue the federation President and the klingon ambassador . with they be the vulcan ambassador , sarek , spock 's father , and nanclus , the romulan ambassador . klingon ambassador the chancellor of the High Council be dead , the result of a unprovoke attack while he travel to see you under a flag of truce on a mission of peace . Captain kirk be legally arrest for the crime . May I remind you that he , and Doctor mccoy board kronos one of they own free will . none of this fact be in dispute , Mr. President . and as a matter of this fact , the klingon people have a right to justice . what I be ask now be , do the federation plan to stand in the way of we justice ? or do you consider you - self and all federation personnel above the law ? a mumble be hear thoughout the court at this line . klingon ambassador I be wait for you answer , Mr. President ! Long pause President this President be not above the law ! the klingon ambassador bow and take he leave . the President be leave with the two ambassador sec 'y voice Mr. President , starfleet Command be here from San Francisco . President send they in . Three officer from starfleet , include Admiral Donald , and the Commander in Chief , enter from a different door . Admiral Donald Mr. President . 63 continue President Admiral Donald ... Bill .... Admiral Donald Mr. President , we cannot allow federation citizen to be abduct ! President at present , I be await a full report from Enterprise . pending that I be constrain to observe interstellar Law . a stand off . Donald nod to another officer . Officer we have prepare operation retrieve base on the rise danger of terrorism between the klingon Empire and the federation . Sir , we can go in and rescue the hostage and be out in 24 hour with a acceptable rate of loss in manpower and equipment . we have the technology to ...... President suppose you precipitate a full scale war ? Officer then , quite frankly , Mr. President , we can clean they chronometer . ambassador nanclus Mr. President , they be vulnerable . there will never be a better time .... pause as the president consider . President I would prefer not to be the President to push the button if I can avoid it , not for two hostage . Admiral Donald the longer we wait , the less accessible the hostage will be , Sir ! President I will bear that in mind , Admiral . 63 continue President ( continue ) I think that 's all ...... Sir ! the president look at Admiral Donald on this line Commander in Chief that man have literally save this planet , and you know it ! President I do know it . and now I be afraid they be go to save it again . by stand trial . they be dismiss . the President put he head in he hand ..... finally look up at sarek . President do you know I agree with everything they say ? ambassador sarek I be sorry , Mr. President . and I know my son must feel equally responsible . it be at my request that he persuade kirk to undertake this mission . the President look at he . President I want the crew of the Enterprise in my office tomorrow morning . ambassador sarek they be still in space , Mr. President , adjacent to the neutral Zone . President then tell you son to get the hell back here before the end of the week . he swallow some pill . 64 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise uhura 's communication panel . chekov stand over she shoulder . in uhura 's earpiece we can hear filter scream ! she can hardly stand the volume . 64 continue uhura ( understate ) we be to report back at once . chekov ve cannot abandon Captain kirk and Doctor mccoy ! he look at the rest of the crew . the vulcan Lt. wander over . Lt. valeris trouble ? uhura we have be order to .... Lt. valeris four hundred year ago , on the Planet Earth , worker whose life be threaten by automation , flung they wooden shoe , call sabot , into the machine to stop they . hence the word sabo-tage . uhura we be experience a technical malfunction . all backup system inoperative . chekov excellent . I mean too bad . Lt. valeris I will inform Captain spock . 65 Office of the federation President - Day the President be meeting with six civilian adviser . munition businessman you have we total support , Mr. President . my factory can gear up to full weapon production in less that a week . President thank you , Henry . right now , we be pursue diplomatic channel .... munition businessman of course . no one want a war ..... ambassador sarek if I may , Mr. President . the important thing be too keep the peace process alive . if the new chancellor be so dispose , perhaps we can attach a rider , get some assurance that this man will not be execute . then , in a year ..... sec 'y Voice Mr. President , you have the new chancellor of the High Council call . they all swing to look at the far wall , which 65 light up as a visual display . after a snowy vfx beginning , azetbur appear . 66 int . azetbur 's office azetbur Mr. President , I have be name chancellor of the High Council in my father 's place . 67 int. office of the president reaction in the room . President madam chancellor , you have my sincerest condolence on you recent loss . I want to assure you that this shamefull deed ...... azetbur Mr. President , let we come to the point . you want the conference to go forward and so say my father . I will attend in one week , after I have have the opportunity to master the detail of he position , on one condition : we will not extradite the prisoner , and you will not attempt to rescue they in a military operation . we would consider any such attempt , a act of war ! 67 continue President we look forward to meeting with you next week , madam cahncellor . I hope you will be we guest here on ..... azetbur after recent event , you will understand I prefer a neutral site . and in the interest of security , let we keep the location secret . President as you wish , madam chancellor . she click off . the President and he adviser be a little speechless at she strength and brusqueness . more pill . 68 int. azetbur 's office - day she 's get off the compic . we be now in klingon . kerla attack they now , madam chancellor , while we still can ....! he unfurl battle plan ...... first General attack , or be slave in they world ! second General we can take whole by force what they propose to divide .....! azetbur ( weary ) you do not seem to grasp we situation , General . War be now obsolete . as we be in danger of become . kerla better to die on we foot , than live on we knee ...! azetbur that be not what my father want ! chang ( bitter ) he be kill for what he want ! that sink in . azetbur harden . face chang . 68 continue azetbur kirk must have a fair trial . chang of course . azetbur ( Stony ) but I want a conviction . you will represent the State , General chang . chang with pleasure , madam chancellor . 69 int. torpedo bay , u.s.s. Enterprise spock and scotty hover over the torpedo console , look at number and light . spock think hard . eight bell sound . it be perfectly clear : accord to the inventory program , all torpedoe be still aboard !!! scotty it 's as I say , Mr. spock , inventory still register every torpedo ! spock ( muse ) yet the data bank insist we fire , twice . one computer be lie . scotty a computer canna lie , Sir . spock then we must check the torpedoe , visually ! scotty that could take hour ! spock nevertheless . scotty and if they be all in place ? spock then someone force a data bank computer entry . the vulcan Lt. descend into the bay . 69 continue Lt. valeris they have name gorkon 's daughter chancellor , it be on the news . scotty I will bet that klingon bitch kill she father ..... spock her own father ....? Lt. valeris it be a old story , Sir . scotty they do not place the same value on life that we do , Mr. spock . you know that , take my word ! she do not shed one bloody tear ...! spock that 's hardly conclusive , Mr. Scott , as klingon have no tear duct . before scotty can react . spock ( continue ) any reply from starfleet to we dispatch , Lieutenant ? Lt. valeris not as yet , sir. spock ( look at she keenly ) curious . Lt. valeris Commander uhura have be experience technical difficulty , Sir . spock very well . for twenty - four hour we will agree that this conversation do not take place ! Lt. valeris a lie ? 69 continue spock a omission . after that ..... scotty twenty - four hour from now , we will not have a clue where the Captain be . spock I know precisely where he will be ! scotty and Lieutenant valeris react . scotty you do ? where ? 70 tight on kirk 's eye . jump back to reveal vfx the klingon empire in all its barbaric splendor a cavernous stadium arrange in circlular tier cut from jag stone . a place from a bygone age , of savage and awesome beauth . something between a circus and a cathedral ..... ..... turn for the occasion into a gigantic courtroom with thousand of spectator , scream : " kirk ! kirk ! kirk ! " many in the audience hold spear with light head . kirk and mccoy in the dock , stand in the bottom at the very center of the circle , surround by a klingon audience in rise tier , while hood klingon judge sit invisible in a darken dugout . ( one judge be a albino . ) chang wear the prosecutor 's mantle . in the audience be President azetbur and she adviser . the trial be be broadcast and special camera abound . near kirk and mccoy sit they young , eager klingon defense attorney . kirk keep he cool thoughout , though mccoy tend to steam . the rule be different . attorney be empower to ask they witness a question at any time , and to mix this up with statement and charge . the proceedings begin in subtitle klingon . kirk and mccoy wear headphone . when they speak , a translator 70 continue convert to klingon . as chang get go , we zoom into he mouth and he convert to english ... the judge gavel be a grotesque nail glove . chang the State will show that Enterprise fire on kronos one without provocation , the chancellor and he adviser have be lull into a false sense of security with a invitation to a state dinner aboard Captain kirk 's vessel at 1930 hour that same evening . ( turn to kirk do you deny all this ? the mob howl " kirk ! " , as the judge gavel . judge the prisoner will respond . kirk I do not deny we invite they to dinner . 71 angel on chancellor azetbur chang be you drunk at that dinner , Captain ? 72 int. President 's ufp 's office - Day 72 the President and he adviser , include sarek , watch vfx the proceedings unhappily onscreen . translator 's voice over . kirk what ? chang be not it a fact that you serve romulan ale , a beverage illegal in the federation because of its overwhelming potency ? kirk the drink be serve . the Commander in Chief and President wince . 72 continue Commander in Chief this be a damned show trial . 73 int. klingon courtroom - Day chang and you still maintain you ship do not fire on kronos one ? would you have know if she have ? come now , Captain . the record clearly show there be no other ship in the sector . kirk there .... be no other ship in the sector . chang do you have occasion to refer to you ship 's data bank during that night ? kirk I check the data bank , yes . chang and what do they tell you ? kirk ( reluctant ) that we fire two photon torpedoes . but ..... the mob howl . chang the witness be excuse , for the time be . chang whirl off as the judge gavel . 74 int. klingon courtroom - Day one of President gorkon Guards be on the stand , he be miss a arm . Guard after the first hit , we lose we gravitational field , I find myself weightless and unable to function . then 2 starfleet crewmen come walk towards we . 75 wide to reveal we be watch aboard Enterprise . spock , et al , be receive the transmission on they main visual display . they watch in silence . translator 's voice . Defense Attorney perhaps they merely wear starfleet uniform .... chang I move that remark be stricken as purely speculative .... judge so order . Colonel worf , we be interested in fact , not theory . Defense Attorney if the gravitatinal field be not function , how could this man have be walk ? Guard they appear to be wear magnetic boot . murmur . the Defense Attorney wish he have not ask . spock gravity boot ..... 76 int. klingon courtroom - Day chang they fire on you ? Guard with starfleet issue phaser . they dash into the chancellor 's stateroom , we could hear more phaser fire , then they go back the way they would come . chang towards the transporter room ? Guard yes , sir. swish pan to cu sulu 77 int. Bridge , u.s.s. excelsior 77 continue sulu and he crew be watch the trial on they visual display as well . 78 int. klingon courtroom - Day chang Doctor mccoy , what be you current medical status ? mccoy aside from a touch of arthritis , I would say pretty good . sulu have to smile . chang be not amused , wait . mccoy ( continue ) for 27 year I have be ship surgeon and later Chief Medical Officer aboard the u.s.s. Enterprise . in three month , I be due to stand down . chang stand .....? mccoy retire . chang ( soft ) ah. I believe you also consume romulan ale at the officer mess on the night in question , Doctor ? Defense Attorney objection ! judge sustain . mccoy ( angry ) we all do . but that do not mean ..... judge General chang , come to the point or abandon this line of inquiry . chang be chancellor gorkon alive when you first examine he ? mccoy barely . 78 continue chang have you save patient as " barely " alive as he be ? President azetbur flinch at the memory . mccoy I do not have the knowledge of klingon anatomy I need . chang you say you be due for retirement . May I ask : do you hand shake ? Defense Attorney objection ! judge overrule . mccoy I be nervous . chang you be incompetent ! whether deliberately , or as a result of age , combine with drink , this court will determine . mccoy I try to save he ! I be desperate to save he ! he be the last best hope in the universe for real peace . chang the chacellor herself will testify that the defendant 's hand shook ! 79 int. ufp President 's office . 79 the President , et al , watch unhappily vfx 80 int. klingon courtroom - Day chang and now , we come to the architect of this tragic affair , Captain James tiberius kirk . I put it to you , Captain , that you be seek revenge for the death of you son ! 80 continue kirk that be not true .....! chang that , either as a instrument of federation policy , or act on you own drunken initiative , you and you fellow conspirator , crippled kronos one , and cold - bloodedly assassinate the chancellor of the High Council . then , you and Doctor mccoy go aboard to make certain the job be complete . Defense Attorney objection : Captain kirk have not be identify as the assassin . judge sustain . chang I offer into the record the follow excerpt from Captain kirk 's personal log . he signal . kirk 's voice still the room . kirk 's voice I have never trust klingon , and never will . I have never be able to forgive they for the murder of my boy ..... a explosive babble fill the court . the judge pound he glove for order .... quick reaction shot : 81 the Enterprise 82 the President 's Office 83 the excelsior - then back to the courtroom 84 int. courtroom - Day chang be that you word ? kirk yes . 84 continue chang speak by you ? kirk yes . chang louder , please . we can not hear you . kirk ( firmer ) that word be speak by I . 85 int. Bridge , u.s.s. excelsior 85 sulu be speak confidentially to he communication vfx officer . on screen behind they , the trial continue . sulu send to commander Enterprise : " we stand ready to assist you . captian sulu , u.s.s. excelsior . " attach we co-ordinate . Communications officer be that wise , sir ? I mean , give they situation - ( off sulu 's look ) aye , Sir ! he leave . sulu look up at the screen , unhappily . 85a courtroom Defense Attorney objection , you honors . my client ' political view be not on trial here . 86 int. Enterprise Bridge 86 the trial be on several monitor bg . spock , next to vfx uhura . uhura sulu 's give we he position and tell we he 's stand by ..... spock ( unhappy ) he 's place himself in a most awkward situation ...... 86 continue chang ( v.o. ) on the contrary , Captain kirk 's view and motive be at the heart of this matter . this officer record show the accuse to be a insubordinate , unprincipled career opportunist , with a history of violate the chain of command when it suite he . 87 int. klingon courtroom - Day chang ( continue ) indeed the record will show that Captain kirk be once " Admiral " kirk and that Admiral kirk be break for take matter into he own hand in defiance of regulation and the law . do you deny you be demote on this charge , Captain ? do not wait for the translation , answer I now !!! Defense Attorney do not answer - objection ! judge objection overrule . the prisoner will answer the question . kirk I can not deny it . chang you be demote ..... kirk yes . chang for insubordination . kirk I have on occasion disobey order . chang and be you obey or disobey order the night you arrange the assassination of chancellor gorkon ? 87 continue Defense Attorney ( overlap ) I object ! kirk ( overlap ) I be unaware of the assassination until I board he ship ! chang ( overlap ) you deny Enterprise fire on kronos one ? kirk well , I ..... chang ( overlap ) you deny that you man beam aboard kronos one , and shot the chancellor ? kirk I can not confirm or deny action which I do not witness . chang Captain kirk , be you aware that under federation law , the Captain of a starship be consider responsible for the action of he man ? kirk I be . chang so , if it should prove member of you crew do in fact carry out such a assassination ? mccoy Jim ! they be set we up ! you honors , I protest ! judge the defendant will be silent ! Captain kirk , you will answer the question . kirk ( heavily ) as Captain , I be responsible for the conduct of the crew under my command . 87 continue chang you honors , the State rest . a excited babble . kirk and mccoy turn to they attorney . mccoy be it we turn , now ? Defense Attorney ( grim ) accord to klingon law , both side present they case at the same time , we have have we turn ! on mccoy and kirk reaction . the judge nail fist crash down with a flurry of spark . judge it be the judgement of this court that the defendant be guilty as charge . sensation in court . a booming chant " koom , koom ! ! " as all the light spear be point at kirk and mccoy . chang be stone - face , again , the horrible gauntlet . judge captian James T. kirk , Doctor Leonard mccoy ..... they face the judge ' box . intercut this moment with 88 int. Enterprise Bridge - Day spock face - what have he do ? 89 int. klingon courtroom judge have either of you anything to say before this court pass sentence ? kirk and mccoy look at each other . mccoy ( simply ) we be frame . Defense Attorney ( rise passionately I wish to note for the record that the evidence against my client be entirely circumstantial . I beg the 89 continue court to consider this when frame its sentence . judge ( beat ) so note . in the interest of amity for the forthcoming peace talk , the sentence of death be commute . ( the crowd roar ) it be the judgement of this court that without possibility of reprieve or parole , you be take from this place to the dilithium mine on the penthe asteroid , there to spend the rest of you natural life . off kirk and mccoy reaction . 90 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise uhura ( tearfull eye ) rura penthe ! chekov known throughout the galaxy as the alien ' graveyard . scotty better to kill they now and get it over with ...... it take spock a moment to recover himself . spock let 's see it again , Lieutenant . Lieutenant valeris push a button . as attention be divert , spock mop he brow . the crew watch in silence as the monitor replay the hit . ( sc. 46 vfxb ) chekov ( hopeless ) it be Enterprise . we fire . as the replay indicate this , spock stare ..... scotty ( anger & confusion ) it 's to possible !! all weapon visually account for . Sir ! 90 continue Lt. valeris Commander ? it it not logical to consider all possibilite ? ( off they look ) this be most difficult to say , but have it occur to .... to any of we .... that the Captain be ... that be , we know he feeling about klingon , what they do to he .... spock gaze stop she . Lt. valeris ( continue ) well , it be a possibility ! after a impenetrable pause - spock again . another replay as they watch . spock hold . they stare at the freeze image . spock ( continue ) a ancestor of mine maintain that if you eliminate the impossible whatever remain - however improbable - must be the truth . uhura what exactly do that mean ? spock it mean that if we cannot have fire that torpedoe , then someone else do ! scotty they dinna fire on themselves . and there be no other ship present . spock ( grasp at straw ) there be and enormous neutron energy surge . scotty ( insist ) not from we !! 90 continue chekov ( square one ) a neutron surge that big could only be produce by another ship ..... uhura kronos one ? spock too far off . very near we . perhaps .... underneath we ....! scotty if another ship have be beneath we , the klingon would have see she ! spock would they ? Long pause . Lt. valeris Bird of prey ! chekov cloak !? spock say nothing . scotty a Bird of prey canna fire when shes cloak ! spock all thing be equal , Mr. Scott , I would agree . however , " thing " be not equal , this one can ! scotty then you be talk about a dreadful new engine of destruction , Mr. spock ! spock I believe I be . Lt. valeris we must inform starfleet Command .... scotty ( enraged ) inform they of what ? a new weapon that be not visible ? raving lunatic - that 's what they will call 90 continue we ! they will say we be so desperate to exonerate the Captain , we will say anything ! spock and they would be right . we have no evidence - just a theory that happen to fit the fact ..... uhura even assume you be correct , Mr. spock , why would they fire on they own President ? spock I want this ship searched from bow to stern . Lieutenant , you be in charge . start with the transporter room , and work you way outward ! Lt. valeris Sir ..... chekov I do not understand . if there vas a ship underneath we , surely the assassin beam aboard from that wessel , not Enterprise . spock you be forget something : ( off they look ) the data bank say we fire . if we do , the killer be here . if we do not , whoever alter the data bank be on board . either way , what we be search for be here .... chekov what be we search for , Mr. spock ? spock you tell they , Lieutenant . 90a Close on vulcan Lieutenant Lt. valeris ( it 's elementary ) two pair of gravity boot ! spock be well pleased with she . 91 ext. rura penthe penal colony - Day 91 Three sun glare down on a huge vista , a ice field , vfx the coldest habitable place in the solar system . a small move dark mass as we push in , reveal Fifteen prisoner in leg iron and five klingon guard with jackal - mastiff move slowly across the frigid plain . kirk and mccoy , likewise shackle , be among they . Guards and prisoner alike wear rag fur . they reach a lone totem and a guard hold up he hand for a halt . he press and instrument emit a high - pitch whine . in response , a huge trap door bury in the snow , yawn open . a klingon guard emerge from step below , and place a box before the gape door . as kirk and mccoy watch , the commandant of rura penthe and he jackal mastiff emerge . he mount the box . commandant this be the gulag rura penthe . observe : there be no stockade , no guard tower , no electrify fence ! they be not need here ! only a magnetic shield prevent beam . you new home await .... underground ! he blow a mechanical whistle . in response , two guard emerge from below with a scream klingon convict . prisoner no! nooooo ! commandant punishment mean exile from prison to the surface - on the surface , nothing can survive . the guard dump the scream convict on the ice - without fur . the weather immobilize he at once - he cry become fainter . commandant below , no one can escape . work well , and you will be treat well . work badly , and you will die . 91 continue he leave . the box be remove by a guard and proceed he through the huge door , and down the step . 91a Long shot as the prisoner be herde after he , and the door shut , leave the freeze vista as it be : snow flurry obscure the trap door almost instantly . only the freeze corpse of the convict be leave - until it too be cover . 91b int. rura penthe start look up at the close trap door , outside we can see snow flurry as the panel shut with a clang . Pan down to reveal a huge underground labyrinth with a enormous courtyard surround by prisoner hut open to the center . prisoner wander freely within . the scum of the universe everyone wear fur , leg iron , and be freezing . a endless scaffold above , the guard . many of the prisoner look like they could snap kirk and mccoy in half , with one hand . kirk and mccoy step gingerly around the outside wall , watch the yard . a shadow fall across they . they Pov : it 's a behemoth alien . he speak in a guttural , incomprehensible language . alien auog wok to pushnat . kirk I be afraid we universal translator be confiscate . alien Ring notsa loskent ! kirk sorry ...... alien rangnit ascru , unto pram moreoscue shondik !!!! 91b continue mccoy he 's definitely on about something ! alien quog wok to pushnat !!! the alien pick kirk up . kirk if this be you spot , we will move on ..... the alien be about to behead kirk martia ( o.s. ) he want you obedience to the Brotherhood of alien . kirk he 's get it ! martia and you coat . kirk ' fraid not . it would not fit he , anyway . martia krandog aranty . the alien put kirk down . martia ( continue ) fendo pompsky . the alien nod and wander off . kirk thanks ...... mccoy what 's the Brotherhood of alien ? martia prisoner from outside the klingon system . they tend to band together . I be martia . she 's a tall , and very good look female , boot to she thigh , exotic fur , tatter but clearly humanoid . 91 b continue she 's smoking something , offer they a hit . martia this will help keep you warm . you be kirk and mccoy . kirk take the hit , offer mccoy .... it do warm you ! kirk how do you know ...? martia ( shrug ) we do not get many presidential assassin . kirk we do not kill gorkon . martia ( deadpan ) of course not . ( look around ) there 's a reward for you death ! mccoy ( look around also ) figure . kirk we have be set up all along . martia somebody up there want you out of the way . mccoy I do not believe we can get more out of the way than this !! martia they will make it look like a accident ..... mccoy what be you in for , if you do not mind my ask ? martia I do not mind . smuggle . guilty . I come from arc. smuggle be a ancient and respected trade there . kirk how much time 's leave of you sentence ? 91 b continue martia ( smile grimly ) do not you know ? everyone on rura penthe be here for life ! kirk and mccoy do not know . 92 int. galley , u.s.s. Enterprise under Lt. valeris 's watchful eye , crewmen be take the kitchen apart . all sort of dish and cutlery litter the place . spock , scotty and chekov enter . spock any progress ? Lt. valeris we have get a crew of three hundred turn the own quarter inside out , but the killer may be among they . surely they have dispose of this boot by now . would not it have be logical to leave they on gorkon 's ship ? spock even logic must give way to physics . gravity have not be restore by the time they escape . without they boot , they would not have stay on the klingon transporter pad . chekov ( mime with he finger ) why not simply vaporize they ? Lt. valeris like this ? she whip out she phaser and fire , incinerate a pot . alarm and claxon howl ! chekov cover he ear . Lt. valeris as you know , sir , no one can fire a unauthorize phaser aboard a starship . she switch off the alarm and have another think : Lt. valeris suppose when they return , they throw the boot into the garbage ? 92 continue spock I be have the garbage searched . if my surmise be correct , that boot will cling to the killer neck like tiberian bat . they could not make they escape without they , nor can they simply throw they out a window for all to see . no , they be here . somewhere ! uhura come into the galley , stepping over pot and pan . she be not happy . uhura do someone shoot off a phaser , Mr. spock ? he turn . uhura ( continue ) I have pull out my - ah , wooden shoe and starfleet be scream for we to return to port ! spock Mr. Scott , any progress on repair we warp drive ? scotty there 's nothing wrong with the bloody ...... spock cough hard . scotty ....... could take week , Sir ! spock thank you , Mr. Scott . be we to return to spacedock , the killer would surely manage to dispose of they incriminate footwear . ( turn to uhura ) please report we situtation to starfleet . Lt. valeris a lie ? spock a error . 92 continue uhura I will tell they someone throw a gravity boot into it ! angle on spock reacting . he look at Lt. valeris Lt. valeris right , a gravity boot in the warp drive ... she go off , shaking she head . uhura you understand that we have lose all contact with Captain kirk ....? spock at present , he 's surround by a magnetic shield . if my calculation be correct , he should be deep into he escape plan by this time . 93 int. rura penthe penal colony . kirk get hit in the face . it 's already bloody . it 's a prison fight . kirk and a alien be surround by prisoner who be sneering and jeer . kirk and mccoy be distinctly grubbier . kirk scramble to he foot and circle . the alien swing a large paw , but kirk duck , come in with a uppercut . he connect , but do little damage . they circle some more . the alien dive leg first , and scissors kirk , who go down roughly . wrestling , kirk slip free . mccoy and martia watch .... the leg iron make it complicated , they can also wrap around someone 's neck .... the alien move in closely , hit kirk again . kirk fight back with a kick to the chest , which double over the alien . then kirk slam the alien on the neck and he go down . kirk start to walk away . but a paw reach out and grab he by the ankle . kirk look back and the alien be grin , drag he in . 93 continue the alien stand , and grip kirk , chest to back , in a giant bear hug . surely , he will crush the life out of kirk . he lift kirk right off of the ground . kirk , almost go , lift he leg up high , and swing down hard , smash the alien in the knee . that do it . the alien fall to the ground , scream and hold he knee . kirk stagger away , catch he breath . martia they will respect he now .... mccoy that 's a comfort ! kirk I be lucky that thing have knee . they look back . the alien be still on the ground martia that 's not he knee ! ( off kirk 's look ) not everybody keep they genitals in the same place , Captain ! kirk anything you want to tell I ? before she can answer . kirk ( continue ) mccoy , why do not you see what you can do ? let they know we be not hold a grudge . mccoy suppose he's hold a grudge ? mccoy tentatively go forward , and examine the knee . he be without any medical tool of any kind . the alien yell , but let he look . he manipulate the leg , then tie a kind of splint with a old rag .... 94 angle on kirk kirk there 's gotta be a way out of this place ...... martia look at he , move off . 95 int. sulu 's cabin , u.s.s. excelsior . sulu be asleep , awaken by a knock . sulu come in ....? his communication officer enter . Officer sorry to wake you , Sir , but starfleet ugently request any data we may have on the whereabouts of the Enterprise . sulu ( groggy ) what ? Officer apparently they be refuse to acknowledge a signal to return to spacedock , sir. sulu signal starfleet that ....... we have no idea of the location of the Enterprise . Officer ( astonished ) Sir ? sulu you have hearing problem , mister ? Officer no , Sir ! he salute and leave . sulu stay awake . dissolve : 96 int. Hut on rura penthe - night kirk and mccoy try to sleep on rude cot in a hut off the main courtyard , tatter , exhust wreck . mccoy Three month till retirement . what a way to finish . kirk ( think ) we be not finish . mccoy speak for yourself . one day or one night ...... 96 continue he make a gesture across he own throat . mccoy ( continue ) kobyashi maru ! Close on kirk kirk Bones .... be you afraid of the future ? mccoy that be the general idea I intend to convey . kirk I do not mean this future . mccoy be we play multiple choice ? kirk some people be afraid of the future , of what might happen . ( pause ) I be frighten , really frighten ! mccoy I have look death in the eye a thousand time and try to be professional about it . of course it be not usually my death I be look at . ( pause ) what frighten you , specifically ? kirk no more neutral zone . I be used to hat klingon ... that 's why I fail in we assignment . it never even occur to I to take gorkon at he word . spock be right . mccoy well , do not be too hard on yourself , we all feel exactly the same . kirk ( shake he head ) uh uh . somebody feel much worse . and I be start to understand why . 96 continue mccoy well , if you have get any bright idea , now 's the time to ..... kirk time 's a problem . you hear the judge : the peace conference be on again . whoever kill gorkon will sandbag the whole thing all over again unless we find a way out of here ! suddenly , mccoy put he hand over kirk 's mouth . they pretend to sleep . something crawl towards they in the dark . they sweat .... kirk clenches he fist ..... martia ( whisper ) kirk ? it 's I , martia kirk open he eye , mccoy play possum . martia ( continue ) listen , no one have ever escape from rura penthe . kirk ( ready ) except we ! martia it be possible . he regards she warily martia ( continue ) I know how to get outside the shield . kirk where do we come in ? martia get outside the shield be easy . after that it 's up to you to get we off the surface before we freeze . can you ? kirk possibly . martia I can not make it alone . you be the likeliest candidate to come to this hellhole in month . 96 continue kirk candidate for what ? they whisper have bring they very close . martia be vamp he . she pull off she fur hood .... kiss he . he do not resist . 97 angle on mccoy roll he eye . martia go to " C " lift in the morning for mining duty . I will meet you there . she disappear into the shadow . mccoy , who have be watch this whole thing , get up on one elbow . mccoy what be it with you , anyway ? kirk still think we be finish ? mccoy more than ever ! 98 ext. rura penthe asteroid - night the wind howl in a otherwise barren landscape . 99 int. transporter room , u.s.s. Enterprise chekov be examing the platform and environ carefully . he come across spot of violet . he scrape sample into a evidence tube , and seal it , then hurry out . 100 int. Science lab , u.s.s. Enterprise spock study the sample under a microscope . spock klingon blood ! chekov they must have walk through it when it be float , and track it back here . spock this be the first evidence that corroborate we theory . 100 continue chekov now we go to starfleet ? spock now we expand we search to include uniform ! chekov all uniform ? spock look at he . chekov ( start out ) aye , Sir .... all uniform ! spock mister chekov . chekov turn . spock the longer we wait , the great danger in which we leave the Captain and Doctor mccoy ! 101 montage : the Enterprise be strip-search . locker , through wardroom , laundry , sickbay , jeffries tube , cupboard , 105 observation deck , instrument panel , etc ... you name it ... pile and pile of clothing be sort by the crew , pile of boot be examine as the vulcan Lt. prowl the corridor and check off location on a lightplan of the ship .... 106 int. crew quarter suddenly , a excalmation bring she run over . a crewman have open a locker , and now hold up a enormous gravity boot . as all watch , he put the boot on the metal locker ..... it stick ! the vulcan Lt. look up at the locker , and see the name : dax ! poker - face triumph . 107 int. Crew quarter ......... later spock , uhura , chekov , et al , wait with impassive face as crewman dax enter the area . he be a alien . spock you be crewman dax ? 107 continue dax yes , Sir . what have happen ? chekov ( triumphant ) perhaps you know the romulan epic of cinderella ? if the shoe fit , wear it ! dax look confuse . 108 camera pan down to he leg no way could that webbed foot make it into that boot . expression of shagrin on everyone face ..... 109 int. rura penthe penal colony - morning kirk and mccoy , they leg still shackle , walk across the huge courtyard and line up behind a dozen brute , everyone flap arm to keep warm . they wait in front of , and then enter the " C " lift . 110 int . " C " lift like the old style cage elevator . mccoy ( look for the girl ) I think we have be have ! martia 's voice no you be not , Doctor they look around . no girl . just a big brute next to they . pul other convict . martia 's voice get off at the first level and join the gang go into the mine . ( explain ) they do not take girl ! it 's he ! with she voice ! kirk be thunderstruck . he stare at the brute ! 110 vfx or model : the lift light disappear into blackness . 111 int. mine - Day the lift door open 111 continue kirk and mccoy climb out with the other . they follow the brute throught the labyrinthine darkness . mccoy what kind of a creature be this ? last night you two be spoon .... kirk do not remind I ! 112 omitted 113 Inside the mine everyone be issue a drill and a light helmet . as beam ricochet about , they start digging dilithium crystal out of the rock and put they into a flatbe shuttle . kirk and mccoy , and the brute do likewise , under the watchfull eye of fur-clad klingon guard . a alien next to kirk sneak several of the crystal into he garment . 113 a guard blast he with a phaser and he disappear . vfx mccoy openly take he crystal and place it in the tray , make sure the guard see he ! 114 later - int. mine kirk and mccoy be filthy and sweaty . the brute look at they , turn around . the guard be eat with they back turn . kirk and mccoy look to the brute for guidance . 114 before they eye , he re-materialize into a ten year vfx old girl . 115 cu she skinny leg . as kirk and mccoy watch , she slip out of she leg iron . too bad they can not do likewise ..... martia 's voice ( whisper ) follow I .... she put she drill down and walk silently into the depth of the mine . they follow , look back to make sure the guard be not watch . the girl quickly scramble through a small hole , turn and wave they on . they have to get down on they 115 continue stomach and crawl through . kirk go first , turn , pull mccoy . this take time , especially if you leg have chain on they ...... 116 on the guard who finish they lunch , and look around . notice a suspicious space where 3 worker use to be . wander over . look further into the mine . find the hole . they hurry back , shouting . 117 int . mine tunnel - on the trio the hole have lead to a new tunnel and the girl rematerialize into the brute as they crawl . kirk and mccoy , still chain , struggle to keep up . they make they way to a large , abandon open and come out on 118 ext. the mine , rura penthe - Day a high ice ledge . by scramble down the ledge and jump , the brute lead they onto the frigid snowfield . the surface environment be kill . 119 later - ext. frozen river - Day the trio slip and slide on the ice across a freeze river . the ice begin to crack beneath they foot ... the three climb the farther bank . they be barely alive . shake .... mccoy I can not ...... frantically , kirk try to keep mccoy circulation go . martia we be at the edge of the shield 119 they follow she look : a ice desert . vfx kirk come on , keep moving ! they stagger on . 120a int. klingon listen post grimy , underfunded and undermanned . God know what forsaken place this be . rock and light by scope . a sleepy klingon doze before he scanner . a bottle in front of he tell the story . suddenly a blip . he force himself into alert attention . 120b his Pov on the scope a beep dot ... he frown , hit a switch . sleepy klingon ( subtitled klingon ) what ship be that ? over .... a interminable pause . now a second klingon sit next to the first . what 's go on ? Voice filter ( subtitled klingon ) we art thy freighter ... ursva . six week out of .... kronos .... over ..... second klingon ( subtitled klingon ) whither be you bound , over .... another long pause . they squint at the delay . 121 omitted 122 int. Enterprise Bridge . uhura and company be frantically paging throught old klingon glossary , manual and dictionary . uhura ( subtitled klingon ) we art deliver food .... thing and .... supplies to rura penthe .... over ..... pause .... klingon voice filter ( subtitled ) do not catch any bug ! the voice laugh raucously . spock gesture . uhura return the laugh .... over and out . they look at each other . spock be that so bad ? 123 through 125 omitted 126 ext. rura penthe ice desert - dusk 126 the three cold sun be set . vfx the brute , kirk and mccoy stumble and crawl across the ice . they , especially mccoy , be more dead than alive . as they pull themselves along , it become darker .... mccoy Jim , leave I , I be finish .... kirk no way . ( off mccoy 's look ) you see this ? he display a stain on the back of he rag coat . kirk ( continue ) it 's the viridition patch spock slap on my back right before we go aboard gorkon 's ship . mccoy ( faint ) the cun little vulcan ..... kirk once we be beyond the shield , they should be able to pick it up two sector away ! mccoy if they be even look for we .... kirk spock 's look for we .... martia 's voice ( point to a ridge ) we be almost there . once we be outside , we will make camp . 127 later - ext. ice desert ridge - night . the ridge in darkness . they arrive . exhaust . the brute take a stick out of its clothes , break it in half . it glow brightly like a neon flare . he toss it in the middle of the area and if form a kind of fire , throw shadow all around . otherwise it 's dark . there be some heat . mccoy would you mind explaing that little trick you do ? 127 continue martia 's voice I be a chameloid . that 's why we be such good smuggler . kirk I have hear of chameloid , " shape-shifter " , I think you be mythical . martia 's voice give a girl a chance , Captain . the brute smile at he . 127 and before he eye , become the entice martia again vfx martia it take a lot of effort . mccoy I do not wonder . stop I if I be wrong , but do we really have any way of know if this be the real you ? martia ( smile at kirk ) I think I would assume a pleasing shape . ( beat ) we be outside the shield . now it 's you turn , kirk . kirk if you say so . wham ! he slug martia on the jaw , she go down , she mouth run green blood . mccoy be you crazy ? kirk she do not need we help get anywhere .... where do she get this convenient clothes ? and do not tell I that flare be standard prison issue ..... 127 martia sit , rub she mouth .... and change vfxb kirk ( continue ) it 's to let they know where we be . ask she what she 's get in return . the brute get up , rub he bleed mouth , now the blood be blue ! 127 continue martia 's voice a full pardon - which do not cover this .... mccoy uh oh ! kirk and the brute circle each other , kirk 's chain clanking ..... kirk a accident be not good enough .... martia 's voice good enough for one . two would look suspicious . kill while attempt escape , now that 's convincing for both ! 127 the fight be on . Problem be , martia keep change vfxc shape ... kirk grab he , hold he tight ... 127 and he wriggle free as a miniature person ... try vfxd to run off , but mccoy grab it , and they fall roll in the snow .... 127 it come up a exact copy of James T. kirk ! vfxe martia 's voice surprise ! he smashes mccoy and leap to face he double ... kirk you friend be late .... martia 's voice they will be here ..... more fight between kirk and " kirk " , they clinch . kirk I can not believe I kiss you . " kirk " must have be you lifelong ambition ! the fight go on ! 128 int. Officer 's mess , u.s.s. Enterprise desert . scotty , exhaust , be quietly have a cup of coffee and check off place searched on a table map . he run a finger around he collar . it 's warm in here . perplex , he put he hand over the vent . nothing come out . something 's block it . scotty commence to remove the vent cover . not easy . as he continue he effort , he be unaware of the two crewmen we meet the night of the banquet , watch . they remain conceal , pull knife .... one want to go for scotty . the other hold he back . scotty remove the vent cover and pull out what 's be block the air circulation : two violet- stain starfleet uniform , with name on they .... excite by he discovery , scotty look around , replace the vent cover , and hurry out with the uniform . 129 int. Enterprise corridor thru 131 the crewmen follow surreptitiously , camer tracking after scotty through the labyrinthine corridor ... 132 ext rura penthe campsite - night the two kirk be still slugging it out as mccoy start to come around . kirk be not it about time you become something else ? martia 's voice I like it here .... gripping each other , they roll right into a large and terrifying muzzle . a jackal - mastiff on a leash . both kirk spring apart ... they be surround by a dozen fur garbe klingon guard with weapon . several have leash jackal - mastiff . and the commandant , who walk forward . 132 continue kirk ( think fast ) what take you so long ? martia 's voice kill he ! he 's the one !! kirk not I , idiot .... he ! 132 the commandant appear briefly confuse , then vfxa zap the fake kirk , who die horribly , as mccoy watch . kirk sigh . commandant ( smile ) no witness .... he aim at kirk and mccoy . mccoy ( conversational ) damned clever , if you ask I .... kirk ( agree ) kill try to escape ... it 's a classic ... commandant that 's what he want .... kirk who ? who want we kill ? commandant why not tell you ? his name be ..... 132 suddenly kirk and mccoy dematerialize ! vfxb kirk 's voice fade sonovabitch !! as the klingon rake the area with disruptor fire ! 133 int. Enterprise transporter room 133 kirk and mccoy rematerialize to where spock vfxa and chekov await they , with heavy weather blanket , which they don gratefully . they look scarcely recognizable . spock and chekov be appal . kirk 's rise ( continue ) dammit ! dammit all to hell !!! Jesus Christ , could not you wait two second before ..... 133 continue vfxb chekov produce a phaser and burn open they chain . spock be deeply move to see kirk again , though kirk be too busy swear as he chain be cut off to notice .... spock Captain ? kirk he be just about to explain the whole damned ..... uhura who ? chekov you want to go back ...? mccoy ( hasty ) absolutely not !!! kirk come on ..... they start out at warp speed . 133a int. Bird of prey bridge . cu , back of a kligon head . klingon be speak . Voice escape ? he 's talk to the prison commandant onscreen . commandant they be beam aboard a federation starship !! I could trace .... the klingon hit a button , and the commandant disappear . the chair swivel revealing chang . he face the 2nd klingon General we meet in azetbur 's office ( sc. 68 ) chang escape . second klingon General it do not matter . kirk can not know the location . 133a continue chang ( softly ) be you sure ? be you willing to take that change ? the General hesitates , decide . second klingon General helmsman , new course ! engage cloaking device ! 133b ext. Space vfx the Bird of prey wheel about , disappear ...! 134 int. Enterprise corridor kirk , spock , et al , walk briskly . spock the klingon have a new weapon : a Bird of prey that can fire while cloak . she torpedoed gorkon 's ship . kirk so that 's it !!! spock not entirely . I have reason to believe gorkon 's murderer be on this vessel . kirk you do not know how right you be ... have hte peace conference begin ? chekov who know ? they be keep the location secret .... kirk never break he stride . kirk there 's always something .....! scotty run up , carry the bloodstain uniform . scotty Captain ...! Mr. spock , I have find the miss uniform with klingon blood on they ! they belong to .... 134 continue they round the corner and all stop short . 135 they Pov the two crewmen who be stalking scotty lie dead . mccoy kneel , conduct a hasty examination . scotty ( continue ) but ... the uniform ... they belong to this man !! ( check the name ) burke and samno ! mccoy not any more . phaser fire on " stun " . at close range . chekov get close enough to a man , and you can kill he on " stun " without set off the alarm , of course you can not get rid of the body ..... kirk first rule of assassination : always kill the assassin . scotty now we be back to square one ! kirk look at spock meaningfully . kirk can I talk to you ? as they watch , kirk and spock move down the corridor and confer in a undertone . 136 cu spock pull back spock ( white ) I know it ! 136a cu PA speaker PA voice over attention : Court recorder to sick bay . yeomen burke and samno have be shot and wish to make statement . code blue urgent ! 136a continue PA Voice over ( continue ) deposition require at once for yeomen burke and samno . wound be serious . Court recorder to sick bay on the double . 136b various angle Crew reacting all over the ship ... to various PA 's ... 136c int. sick bay all the light be out . a figure enter , look around . 136D figure 's Pov two body stretch out in darkness .... the figure approach the first body , look down . suddenly the light go on , revealing spock spock I could not believe it be you ! Lt. valeris spock ( continue ) you have to shoot . she react . spock ( continue ) if you be logical . Lt. valeris I do not want to . spock I believe you. please ..... she produce a phaser . the other body sit up : kirk . kirk I would just as soon you do not Lt. valeris react . mccoy move out of the shadow , arm fold . mccoy the operation be over 137 int. Enterprise Bridge cu kirk kirk let 's not waste time , Lieutenant . name you co-conspirator and give we the location of the peace conference . in exchange , I will retain the murder charge , and drop the rest of the specification . Commander uhura , make a record of everything say by the prisoner . uhura aye , sir. wide to reveal Lt. valeris under guard . Lt. valeris you can not prove anything kirk yes I can . at my trial , my personal log be introduce as evidence against I . 137a thru 137d omitted 137e Quick flash back to scene 32 Lt. valeris wait outside kirk 's cabin . kirk 's voice over how long do you stand outside my quarter before you cough , lt .? 137f back to scene Lt. valeris trap , turn to spock Lt. valeris you know ? spock say nothing . Lt. valeris ( continue ) I try to tell you .... you would not listen . spock be in as much pain as we will ever see . 137f continue spock neither of we be hearing very well that night , Lieutenant . there be thing I try to tell you , about faith . Lt. valeris you have betrayed the federation - all of you . mccoy what do you think you 've be do ? Lt. valeris save starfleet . klingon can not be trust , Sir , you say so yourself . they kill you son . you would make peace with they ? do you not wish gorkon dead ? " let they die " you say . do I misinterpret you ? kirk can not look at she . Lt. valeris ( continue ) and you be right , they conspire with we to assassinate they own chancellor ! how trustworthy can they be ? kirk who be " we " ? Lt. valeris everyone who stand to lose from peace . the universe be a well - order place . we all know we role . why change that ? kirk name , Lieutenant ....! uhura I can send a message to starfleet Command . Lt. valeris unlikely . Enterprise have dispobey order and harbor two escape convict . all you subspace transmission will be jamme . kirk spock. 137f continue spock approach and put a hand on Lt. valeris ' face the mind meld . she try to avoid it . spock concentrate spock ( finally ) Admiral Donald . 137g Quick flashback to scene 23 Admiral Donald .... to offer the klingon a safe haven within federation space be suicide . 137h back to scene chekov from starfleet ?? kirk who else ... spock concentrate . spock General chang ... 137j Quick flashback to scene 43 chang .... in space , all warrior be cold warrior .... 137k back to scene uhura gorkon 's own man ?? kirk who else ? spock ( concentrate ) the romulan ambassador ... nanclus . 137l Quick flashback to scene 63 nanclus Mr. President , they be vulnerable . 137m back to scene scotty this be incredible ! 137m continue mccoy be she tell we that klingon , and federation member be conspire together ....? kirk ( to spock ) where be the conference ? spock try again . shake he head . remove he hand . spock she do not know . scotty then we be dead ! spock ( to Lt. valeris ) I have be dead before . uhura , raise excelsior . she ought to have the co-ordinate . kirk why would they give they to we ? spock the Commander be a old friend of yours ! mccoy ( can not resist ) what be it like - be dead ? spock , lose in think , do not answer . sulu ( o.s. ) this be Captain sulu , u.s.s. excelsior . kirk sulu ! 138 Main Bridge , u.s.s. excelsior sulu stand by , Captain kirk . kirk you understand that by even talk to we , you be violate regulation , Captain . 138 continue sulu I be sorry , Captain , you message be break up . kirk ( under he breath ) bless you , sulu ( aloud ) where 's the peace conference ? they be go to attempt another assasination . sulu the Conference be at Camp khitomer , near the romulan border . I be send the exact co-ordinate on a code frequency . kirk I be afraid we may need more than that . there 's a Bird of prey on the lookout for we . and she can fire while she 's cloak . sulu surely not ! kirk I be tell you . hang on . ( to Lt. valeris ) how many of that thing be there ? come on , Lieutenant , you want any more of you brain drain ? Lt. valeris just one prototype kirk you hear that ? sulu I be get underway now . but , I be now in Alpha quadrant . the chance of my reach the conference in time be slim . kirk when do this conference start ? sulu accord to my information , today ! 138 continue kirk thank you , Captain sulu sulu do not mention it , Captain kirk . sulu hang up . find himself face he 1st officer first officer Sir ...! you realize you have just commit treason ? sulu put he foot up on the console .... sulu ( serene ) to be candid , I always hope that if the choice ever come down to betray my country , or betray my friend , I would have the gut to betray my country . warp nine , mister ! 139 ext. Space vfx excelsior explode across the starfield . 140 ext. Space vfx from a different direction , Enterprise ditto . 141 int. spock 's quarter the light be dim as kirk knock . he have shave , shower , and put on a fresh uniform . kirk spock ? no answer . kirk make to hit the switch . spock I would prefer it dark . Fair enough . kirk enter . kirk be you dining on worm ? spock ( finally ) you be right . it be arrogant presumption that get we into this situation . you might have die . 141 continue kirk the night be young . anyway , it be logical . ( he must feel he way ) you know , you be a great one for logic . I be a great one for .... ( shrug ) ... rush in where angel fear to tread . we be both extremist . reality be probably somewhere in between we . spock say nothing . kirk run a finger over dust . kirk ( continue ) I be blind . I could not see past the death of my son . I could not trust . spock ( sigh ) I , too be blind . I know about her - and I do nothing . I trust too much . kirk you could not have know she be listen the night I dictate that entry into my log . you be proud of she achievement as a vulcan .... spock I be prejudice by that achievement . kirk ( understand ) gorkon have to die before I understand just how prejudice I be ...... spock look at he for the first time . spock can we two have grow so old and inflexible that we have outlive we usefulness ? ( look at kirk ) would that constitute as a joke ? kirk someone say the difference between comic and cosmic be the letter " S " . you have not outlive you usefulness to I . and you be not responsible just because she be also vulcan ! 141 continue spock I should have be .... kirk not for the action of another . no one be responsible for any action but he own . human being .... spock but I be not human . I be only ... kirk spock , you want to know something ? spock look at he . kirk kneel next to he . kirk ( continue ) everyone 's human . we be too old to play game . we be only human . he hold out he hand . after hesitate , spock take it , press it to he forehead . hard. harder . 142 ext. Camp khitomer , romula - Day vfx the idyllic site of the peace coference . lush green . a huge building on the horizon from within which we can hear music . outside , mass of people and flag .... ( matte Painting ) 142a int. Camp khitomer - Day Inside huge # 1 pod door open , revealing the council chamber . very loud music as we follow the federation delegation ( green ) , lead my Admiral Donald , into the room . reverse on # 2 pod door open , as sarek lead the vulcan delegation ( yellow ) in as they take they place .... 143 int. Bridge . u.s.s. Enterprise everyone at they station . kirk in the Captain 's chair . chekov Captain , when we get to Camp khitomer , how will we defend ourselves ? I mean , if this new Bird of prey can fire while she be invisible .....? 143 continue mccoy now there 's a poser . kirk and spock exchange look . spock I do not think anxiety be call for . ( off they look ) accord to my calculation , we have another five minute and twenty - two second to resolve this dilemma . 144 Space vfx Enterprise thunder by at warp nine . 145 int. Camp khitomer conference site - Day more of the open ceremony . camera pan to reveal pod # 3 with the klingon delegation ( brown ) lead by they ambassador and pod # 4 , Earth ( green ) delegation emerge and take they place ..... the klingon and ufp president , complete with adviser , retinue , entourage and attendant . flag be everywhere .... among they be Colonel worf , brigadier kerla , Admiral Donald , the munition businessman , and a klingon face we have not see before ..... the music thunder to a halt . the place look like the UN security council + the Olympic . all color code ... ufp President madam chancellor , member of the diplomatic corps , honorer guest : the United federation of planet welcome you to Camp khitomer . now that we be assemble , I move we conclude this ceremony and get down to business . madam chancellor ? azetbur agreed . applause ! during the above , we catch the expression on the face of the various conspirator - uneasy . other face .... ... which one ? 145a ext. Enterprise vfx screech out of warp nine and cruise slowly . stalking ...... 146 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise on the main visual display , a starfield . kirk study it , walk over to where spock view he sonar . kirk look over he shoulder . spock be study it intently . kirk Close enough to beam down ? spock not yet ..... section 4236 ..... 146 nothing on the scanner . vfxb spock section 4237 ..... nothing . there 's a lot of tension on the bridge . 147 omitted . 148 int. Camp khitomer conference site - day the pod door be close , and the delegation seat . ufp President we be gather here today in high hope , believe that differ civilization of good will can work together to overcome intolerance . we believe that with understanding , and patience , it will be possible to resolve what separate we . let we redefine progress to mean that just because we can do a thing , it do not necessarily follow that we must do that thing ! applause . ufp President ( continue ) we believe that the responsibility for destiny rest squarely on we own shoulder ..... there 's that klingon face again , look around . he 's carry some sort of suitcase ..... 149 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise kirk she 's here .... somewhere . chekov but if she 's cloak ....? kirk then all we have get be a neutron radiation surge ... and by the time we be close enough to record it , we be ash .... spock Captain , perhaps we be go about this the wrong way ! we job be to get to the conference . her job will be to stop we . kirk make ourselves a target ? spock look at he . kirk ( continue ) shield . Battle station . chekov ( read the display ) shield up . Battle station . they be bath in emergency red light . alarm sound . kirk Mr. chekov , take we forward , thruster only , one half impulse power ..... chekov aye , sir ; thruster ..... it feel like walk on egg . kirk uhura ? uhura nothing , Captain . if they be here , they be rig for silent run . spock if she fire , she have a perfectly valid excuse . 149 continue spock ( continue ) we be a renegade ship , come dangerously close to two head of state during a vital interstellar conference ..... mccoy thanks for share that , spock . Dead slilence , then a crash of noise ! 150 int. Camp khitomer conference site - day applause for the President 's sppech ! now chancellor azetbur rise to make she open remark . the klingon face make eye contact with Admiral Donald who nod discreetly . the suitcase start move .... 151 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise , engine room , etc. as before . closeup on various face , sweat ... suddenly a explosion ! the ship shudder , hit ! claxon ! 152 ext. view of Enterprise , widen to reveal vfxa int. cload Bird of prey feature the Enterprise onscreen . they be rig for silent runnig - no one be make a sound . they bridge be bath in green light ..... chang stand next to the gunner . he point towards Enterprise , nudge the man , who nod , hit control ..... another torpedo sail off , and explode against the shield of the Enterprise ... 153 int. entprise bridge . kirk and he crew grab ahold of thing , tight lipped ... mccoy this be fun ... chekov Captain , shall we attempt to return fire ? 153 continue kirk at what , Mr. chekov ? wham ! hit again . everyone go fly .... instinctively , kirk look at the main display - see nothing . kirk scotty , reverse engine . all astern one half impulse power . back off . back off ! 154 ext. Space vfx the batter Enterprise reverse field , back away from nothing . 155 int. Bird of prey bridge chang ( watch this maneuver ) what 's she do ? the helmsman shrug . chang nudge he to follow .... 156 int. Enterprise bridge the empty starfield kirk what 's she wait for ? spock probably try to figure out why we be reversing , wonder if we detect she . on the main visual display , where everyone 's attention be rivete . a flare from black space . chekov incoming ! 157 omitted 158 int. engine room the " Shield " light flicker as the room recoil .... scotty she canna take much more of this , Captain .... 159 int. Enterprise Bridge Close on kirk reacting . do not I know it . kirk sulu , where the hell be you ? 160 ext. Space vfx excelsior warping as fast as she can ..... int. excelsior bridge , shaaaaaknninng sulu in range ? helmsman not yet , Captain ... sulu come on , come on ....! helmsman she will fly apart ....! sulu fly she apart , then !!! 162 int. Camp khitomer conference site - Day azetbur .... many people speculate about my father 's motive . there be that who say he be a idealist , drive by " visionary " notion ; other say he have no choice , that he be a pragmatic technocrat , make the best of a devastating situation . great man be seldom good man . the truth be , my father be both : a pragmatist and a idealist . if praxis have not explode , then quite possibly he idealism would not have find expression . nor would mine . we be a proud race . we be here because we intend to go on be proud .... ( grim ) .... if we can not make war , ( pause ) .... we will make peace .... 163 cu the suitcase on the move through people listen ... 164 int. Bird of prey , bridge . vfx all watch Enterprise . chang signal and the torpedo officer fire off another one . 165 int. Enterprise bridge kirk ahead full impulse ! 166 ext. space vfx Enterprise buzze off ! the torpedo miss .... 167 int. Enterprise Bridge kirk smile ruefully ... score one for the home team . 168 int. Bird of prey Bridge . reaction . chang be startle , then smile .... chang after she .... ( beat ) poor thing . do not know which way to go . shake he head , amused ..... 169 ext. Space vfx Enterprise , scream through the void ... follow by another scream sound in full pursuit .... 170 int. Enterprise Bridge uhura Captain , we can not see she , but she give off heat ..... kirk not from a distance . she will not show up on any type of scan . mccoy too bad we can not smell she . kirk it 's a pity starship be never equip with bloodhound .... wham ! hit again ! everybody grab onto something , steam hiss down from the ceiling ..... 170 continue spock I do not think starfleet could have envision we current predicament . uhura maybe we should write they a letter ? scotty 's voice better post date it ! wham ! even harder this time .... spock think .... spock under impulse power , she expend fuel like any other ship . we call it " plasma " - I do not know its klingon name , but by any designation it be merely ionize gas . uhura well , what about all that equipment we be carry to catalogue gaseous anomaly ? ( beat ) the thing 's gotta have a tailpipe . they look at each other like she 's crazy . then - mccoy ( start out ) I be go to perform surgery on a torpedo - you never know .... spock ( go with he ) you may need assistance , Doctor .... mccoy ( he 's be wait all he life ) fascinating ..... they race out as the ship be hit again ..... kirk Mr. chekov , slow down . take we forward , thruster only , one quarter impulse power .... chekov aye , Sir , thruster ..... 171 int . khitomer conference site - day 171 continue applause for azetbur 's speech . Donald look around . see the face , nod discreetly ... the ufp President applaud .... he 's vulnerable . the face move off . Commander in Chief starfleet rise to speak , block the President ... 172 ext. Space vfx Enterprise move slowly , alone . beat . wham ! hit again . 173 int. Enterprise corridor , outside the lab mccoy and spock emerge with a bulky heat sensor and run down the tremble corridor .... mccoy Bet you wish you would stand in bed .... spock I see no profit in stand in bed , Doctor - vulcan sleep lie down ..... for a moment mccoy busy it , then , on they back ... mccoy spock , that be actually funny . spock we do sleep lie down . wham ! they almost fall over . 174 int. Engineering , Enterprise scotty and he man have obviously feel the impact as well . some " Shield " light be blink off . scotty Captain , she 's pack quite a wallop . shield weaken . 175 ext. Enterprise vfx scar , trace line of torpedo visible . 175a int. excelsior Bridge sulu , et al , watch . 175a continue sulu shield up . tell they that the cavalry 's here ! 175b a torpedo flash out at nothing vfx 176 int. Bird of prey vfx chang watch it go by , see excelsior as well chang so ! he point to excelsior , nudge the gunner , who fire . 177 int. Bridge , u.s.s. Enterprise vfx they see excelsior 's shield take the torpedo hit . kirk hold we steady , Mr. Scott . ready to fire ... Bones ...! reaction from the batter crew ... 178 omitted 179 closeup a hand open a case : inside the disassembled part of a rifle phaser with telescopic mount . we do not know where we be exactly , but we can hear the conference echoing .... 180 int. Enterprise torpedo bay mccoy and spock descend on the torpedo life with a torpedo , frantically try to drill a hole in its nose to accommodate and atmosphere sensor as the whole bay tremble with the hit ..... kirk 's voice over Bones , where 's my torpedo ?? mccoy I and my big mouth .... spock calm yourself Doctor , the operation be almost complete .... 180 continue mccoy ( one final twist ) thank you , nurse ! Jim , she 's ready ! lock and load ! they jump off the lift , and out of the way as the torpedo start forward mccoy pity they be retire we just as I be start to understand you , spock ! spock ( agree ) we be beginning to hit we stride together , Doctor .... 181 int. engine room we can see the Shield light dimming .... scotty ( frantic ) shield collapse .....! 181 even as he speak , the Bird of prey , fire at vfx Enterprise . the photon trajectory be clear .... 182 ext. Space vfx Enterprise take another hit ..... 183 int. Enterprise officer mess no shield this time ! explode ! wow ! autotight bulkhead door close , protect the vessel from space exposure . smoke , liquid squirting everywhere ... thing tumble off shelf , out of overhead ... Doors whoosh close ! 184 int. Bird of prey chang smile ; this be more like it ... he can see the Enterprise be damage ..... 185 int. Camp khitomer - Day the hand assemble the special phaser .... 186 int. Enterprise Bridge kirk Fire ! Close up on a hand push a button ! 187 Close up , another hand on a phaser button ... 188 ext. Space vfx Enterprise 's torpedo track the heat ; it go in a strange trajectory , but then again we can not see what it 's head towards .... 189 int. Bird of prey Bridge as chang watch in fascination , the damn thing circle and head right for they ! he realize .... chang ... " or not to be ...! " 190 ext. Space Enterprise fire a direct hit , and the Bird of prey be illuminate in the firelight . she spin around , try to regain she position , debris fragment ..... 191 int. Bridge , u.s.s. excelsior sulu aim for the center of that explosion , and fire ! 192 ext. Space vfx excelsior and Enterprise , have trap the " Black hole " in a triangle between they , fire . the Bird of prey suddenly blow apart . as she explode , she decloak ..... 193 int. Camp khitomer - Day vfx kirk , et al , materialize and start run through mass of people who be too startle to stop they ... 194 cu , the trigger finger ... tightening as .... .... kirk fight he way to the center of the room !! kirk Mr. President ! he fling he body on the President , push he out of the way , just as the phaser fire .... panic in the room , people scramble . 194 continue Admiral Donald arrest that man ! spock arrest yourself ! he stand aside to reveal vulcan Lt. in handcuffs . mccoy we have get a full confession . 195 the assassin 's niche he turn to run , but scotty whirl and fire ! as all gasp , the assassin sway , fall off the balcony , clutching he face where the phaser hit , and scream , the klingon face come melting off , revealing the starfleet officer , who prepare operation " retrieve " . not a klingon after all !!! the other conspirator race for the exit , only to be block by .... 196 sulu vfx as he materialize , phaser in hand . sulu just a minute ! the conspirator race in another direction , they be block by kerla , and mccoy ! kerla ( slug one ) and you ! 197 presidential guard move in .... the ufp President stand up , stare with disbelief . so do chancellor azetbur . chancellor azetbur what 's the meaning of this ? kirk it 's about the future , madam chancellor . some people thing the future mean the end of history .... kirk walk up to the romulan ambassador , now under guard ! 197 continue kirk ( continue ) ... but we have not run out of history just yet . ( remember ) you father quote hamlet : he call the future " the undiscovered country " . spock I always assume hamlet be be speak of death ! kirk gorkon think the undiscovered country might mean something else - another kind of life . people can be very frighten of change . I know I be . we walk to vulcan Lt. kirk ( continue ) there 's a old expression : it take one to know one . when vulcan Lt. look at kirk , there be tear in she eye . spock stand motionless next to she . kirk turn to face azetbur . azetbur you have restore my father 's faith . kirk you have restore my so n's . he hug she hard . no one say a word .... 198 ext. Space vfx Enterprise , she hull blacken with torpedo scar , idle next to the much larger excelsior . 199 int. Enterprise Bridge they be back ! uhura they might as well arrest I , too ! I feel like the Lieutenant ! spock ( point ) but you do not join a conspiracy . 199 continue mccoy ( half for spock ) they do not arrest people for have feeling ! chekov if they do , we would all have to turn ourselves in . how can we rely on they ? kirk ( look at spock ) the only way to find out if a man 's trustworthy .... spock ... be to trust he ! a wintry smile . sulu 's voice Captain kirk ....? kirk kirk here . 199 sulu appear on the viewscreen vfx kirk ( continue ) as much to the crew of the Enterprise , I owe you my thanks , Captain sulu . sulu Nice to see you in action one more time , Captain kirk . take care . 200 ext. Space vfx excelsior get underway with a roar . 201 int. Enterprise Bridge all watch . mccoy by God , that 's a big ship scotty not so big as she Captain , I think . kirk time we get underway ourselves , gentleman . ( stretch ) once again , we have save civilization as we know it . 201 continue mccoy and the good news be they be not go to prosecute ! kirk ( sigh ) to be - spock or not to be - mccoy that 's the question - chekov course head , Captain ? kirk ( smile ) second star to the right , and straight on till morning ..... 202 ext. Space vfxa the batter Enterprise make way . kirk 's voice over captian 's log , u.s.s. Enterprise , stardate 8769 .24 . this be the final cruise of the starship Enterprise under my command . this ship and she history will shortly become the care of a new generation . to they and they posterity we will commit we future . they will continue the voyage we have begin , and journey to all the undiscovered country , boldly go where no man .... where no one have go before ... 202 vfx the signature William shatner scrawl across the screen , still feature the move starfield . then Leonard nimoy 's , then deforest Kelley 's , James doohan 's , George takei 's , walter koenig 's , nichelle Nichols ' ... one by one the signature grow smaller and smaller as the galaxy race by , and they disappear into the distance . Roll end credit finis !