can '' revise : - | November 5 , 1984 e , '' starcrossed " act one pade in : ext . chicago street - night : 1 mary 4s run for she life , she youthful , exotic . beauty strain but not quite marre by the fear that 's tense the muscle in she face , and stiffen the cord in she neck , and fogge she eye with the shine of tear . she glance back . angle - building 2 across they street - light facade flit the ominous shadow of she pursuer , huge and distort . and , along with this shadow , the echoing SOUND of they racing foot . new angle - mary 3 breathless , gasp , she intensify she effort to outrun they , but it 's hopeless . they be stronger than she , quick than she . angle - men 4 there be two of they , build strong and tall . both wear suit and tie . we be not close enough to see they face but , curiously , chillingly , we can hear they labor breathe and sense not only they determination , but they anger . angle - mary 5 she skid wildly around a corner , almost slip , almost fall . angle - men 6 gain ... gain . ext . neighborhood bar - night T Three young man , all in they early twenty , buddy , come from the bar , laugh , joke with one another , ( continued ) 10 11 12 continued : 7. two of they be engage in a little fancy footwork -- shuffle - jab-jab-hook . Mary , run full out , but look back again , over she shoulder , collide head - on with one of they , joey , not quite knock the two of they to the pavement . joey ( laugh ) hey , hey , hey ! you do not see the stop sign , or what ? shaken , disorient , still press against joey , he hand on she arm , Mary look back . joey and he friend look . long shot - men 8 they run into view from around the corner , then pull up short as they see Mary with the three young man . angle - group 9 joey silently appraise the situation , glance at he pal , then back at the two man . it do not take a genius to put two and two together . he sort of hand Mary to one of he friend , like a package for safekeep . then , step away from they a few foot , he reposition himself and eyeball the two pursuer . joey ( continue ) so ? something you want here ? angle - men 10 unmove , mute . favor joey 11 joey ( continue ) well , come on , come on , you want it , come and get it ! closer angle - men 12 they be twin . same size , same hair , same eye , same restrain , but evident , ferocity . 13 @ 14 15 c e 16 3 . closer - joey and friend 13 they can all feel it , like a iron fist hold back , or maybe a claw , and they be hope like hell that joey 's bravado , alone , will win the night . there 's a pause that , with the tension , seem quite a bit stronger than it really be . angle - men 14 they turn away , walk away , and disappear around the corner . angle - group 15 a collective sigh of profound relief , quickly disguise -- as best they can -- by some satisfied laughter . stewy ( with a slap on joey 's back ) Way to go , champ ! and then the other friend , ralph , raise a megaphone - shape hand to he mouth and issue a loud series of chicken sound in the general direction of the depart enemy . everyone laugh , and even Mary seem to relax a bit and almost smile . favor joey 16 he turn to she , really look at she for the first time . and now stewy and Ralph do the same . there 's a bit of discreet glance between the three pal , as all of they come to the same and obvious decision : Mary be gorgeous . joey you okay ? she nod , smile again -- just slightly . mary yes . thank you . it be just a few word , but enough to detect a accent ; but not a readily identifiable one . what it do , though , be make she even more exotic than she already seem . joey glance at the empty street corner , then back at Mary . ( continued ) 16 continued : 16 ' joey @ Close call , huh ? couple of creep . ralph look like foreigner , if you ask I . stewy ( mockingly serious ) yeah . you would never see two guy in this city act like that . Ralph slap stewy on the head . stewy laugh . joey ( to Mary ) so ... everything 's alright now ? I mean , you will be okay if we leave you alone ? mary ( not too convincingly ) yes . joey and the boy exchange dubious glance . e joey you live around here ? mary I be ... visit . joey oh , yeah ? you be not lose , be you ? mary no . I think I can find my way . joey nod . a bit of a awkward silence . then , obviously reluctant to end it , but not sure how to continue : joey ( to the guy ) what d'tyou think ? stewy and Ralph exchange a glance . stewy ; what d'we think ? we think you would be nut to leave she out here a e@ all by herself . ( continued ) svi m uve 3/08 > 16 : . ( indicate ) . . ' that guy could still be see Tel , for she , just hide . ' out , right around the corner ' there . ; cee joey nod , mull it over . : what d' you say I give you a xide someplace ... put you on a bus or something . 17 . pavor mary . est 17 she hesitates , as if try to read something in * joey 's eye . then she nod . . 7 7 mary : 7 thank you . : 18 favor joey a . 1s an eame eh ' joey well , it 's settle then . my e : - ear 's right over there . * ( then , to stewy : and Ralph ) you guy 's gonna be okay ? = tw : stewy zi think we can handle it . ralph ( nod ; then ) yeah . take it easy . ( continved ) @> 18 19 20 continued ~~ 18 joey right . stewy ( to Mary ) - it be a real pleasure ... run into you . Mary nod , smile shyly . stewy tap joey 's shoulder . stewy see you in the morning . joey nod . stewy and Ralph take off across the street after a final , private grin toward joey and Mary . angle - joey , mary 19 a moment of silence between they . : joey well , you all set ? she nod . he gesture . they head toward he car , a early 70 's chevy convertible with the top down . it 's in mint condition . as they approach it : joey know anything about car ? she shake she head ; again the shy grin . joey too bad . be work on it for two year . ( grin ) it will just about fly . Mary look at the car with new interest as joey open the passenger door for she , then move around to get in behind the wheel . joey so ... be this you first time in Chicago ? ext . various chicago location - night 20 superimpose MAIN title as the chevy cruise through light traffic . we do not hear joey 's conversation but he look like a tour-guide . he 's proud of he city and he car . Mary 's interest be keen . cuUT to : ini got mte 22 23 '' revs Nov. 5/84 — '' 2 , ext . STREET corner - wight bee 21 joey pull the chevy to the curb . ' he 's stop * in front of a bus stop . Mary look at it . it 's 7 @ well - light area , but a lonely one . there 's a lengthy pause , as if both be undecided about what they should do next . then , with some reluctance , she open the car door and step out , close it behind she . se leet . another pause . she look back at joey . he nod , smile just slightly , then sort of salute she with a little wave . Mary return the gesture - almost as if imitate it . eee ) joey shift into gear , spin the wheel , swing a u-turn . wider = scene dose 22 Mary approach the bench and sit neatly . the chevy cruise slowly away . closer - mary - ; 23 she watch the taillight begin to fade away . en 24 25 26 27 8 . angle - joey 24 driving away , he keep one eye on she small image in the rearview mirror . she look vulnerable as hell . he step on the brake . close - mary 25 for the first time we see a sign of hope in she expression . CUT to : ext . all - night diner - night 26 there 's just a few car park beside it . joey 's 1s one of then . int . diner - night 27 the only other customer sit at the counter . joey and - Mary be opposite one another in a booth , the waitress stand beside they , wait with she pencil and order pad . joey what be you gonna have ? Mary do not respond , seem uncertain , or maybe even confuse . joey ( continue ; to waitress ) I will have a bowl of chili ; double side of oysterette . waitress somethin ' to drink ? joey coffee . waitress and you , dear ? mary the same ? waitress it 's up to you , sweetheart . ( continued ) 27 9 . continued : 27 Mary seem at a loss again . joey take charge . joey just make it for two ; huh ? Nice and easy . waitress ( leave ) thanks , hon . there 's a silence between they . joey 's not only charme by she , he 's puzzle . but now , nodd in agreement to he own statement : joey I will tell you what I be think . I be think you be not just from another part of the country ... but from a whole different country , ( tap he ear ) I be hearing a accent . Mary lower she eye . joey ( continue ) give the man a prize . he reposition himself in he seat , really start to enjoy this . joey ( continue ) okay ... let 's see how sherlock holme would do this ... a pause for serious concentration . then , use he finger for emphasis , as he count off he major deduction : joey ( continue ) one : you be on the run . two : like Ralph say , the guy that be after you look like foreigner . Three : you do not talk a lot , maybe because you be try not to give yourself away . which mean ... four : that you have get something to hide . which lead I to ... five : that wherever you be from , you be not suppose to be here . ( continued ) o 27 fa 10 . continued ( 2 ) : ; 27 a silence . he watch she , search she expression for clue . joey ( continue ) what d' you say ? be I get warm ? ( he grin ) maybe even a little " red " around the cheek ? joey glance around , surreptitiously . then , lean forward and lowering he voice : joey ( continue ) do I see a Iron curtain in you not-so-distant past ? Mary merely stare at hin , look like she do not know whether to laugh or cry . joey shrug . joey ( contdnue ) hey , forget it , it 's none of my business , right ? he sit back , pick up he spoon , play with it . Mary watch he curiously . then , terrifically conversational : joey ( continue ) so , tell I , you marry ? get a@ boyfriend ? Mary shake she head " no . " joey ( continue ) I either . I mean , I be not merried either . do not even have a girlfriend . can not afford one . he politely wait for she to pick up the conversation . when she do not : joey ( continue ) any sister ? Brothers ? Mary shake she head again . it 's start to sound like a interview , which mean it 's start to sound like a first date . ( continued ) 11 . 27 continued ( 3 ) : 27 joey ( continue ) I have get one sister , kid sister , go to college in Wisconsin . ( humbly but proudly ) that 's why I be break all the time . I help she out , you know ? ( pause ; then ) 's how about you folk ? still live ? mary no , I have not any parent . joey ( nod sympathetically ) well , you see that ? we have get a couple of thing in common . not be go , too . die when I be sixteen . Annie be only twelve , poor little kid . he seem to momentarily drift off in a melancholy way . Mary appear to be study he . the waitress return . | waitress here you go , kid : two bowl of chili , extra oysterette , two coffee . cream and sugar on the table . after the momentary racket of plate and cup hit the formica , the waitress leave and the silence return . then -- joey go on , dig in , you look hungry . Mary stare at the chili , once again seem uncertain . joey begin prepare he own , practically drown it in oysterette . watch he , Mary do it the same way . joey grin . joey ( continue ) no chili in the u.s.s.r. , huh ? she do not respond . he smile , then laugh a little -- quite proud of he insightful detection . CUT to : er 28 29 30 12 . ext . diner - night 28 the two of they walk out . joey Nice place , huh ? we call that a@ " greasy spoon . " mary greasy ...? joey spoon . first time , right ? I mean , have chili . mary yes . joey well , what would you think ? mary it be ... very good . joey ( smile ) you do not sound too sure . mary it be different . | joey | I bet . be not even on : pumpernickel . he open the car door for she and she slide in . then , just before joey slide in after she , he catch a glimpse of a car park across the street . angle - car 29 it 's a big new mercede four-door , bullet gray , hulk and formidable in the darlmess . pavor joey 30 he slide in behind the wheel of the chevy as if he never see the car . joey ( continue ) I have get to ask you something : that guy -- do they have wheel ? ( continued ) 30 eh 13 . continued : 30 mary I do not understand . joey a car , sense the very subtle edge in he voice , she start to look around . joey ( continue ) : do not turn around . rigid , in fear again , she sit motionless , face front . joey start the engine , act casual as all get-out . mary they have a gray car . joey ( nod ) yeah , and expensive taste . - he pause a moment to think . she watch he . joey ( continue ) tell I something else : be they pack ? mary what ? joey gun . be they carry gun ? I mean , how serious be this guy ? Mary look away . a silence . then , make a decision to trust he : mary they be very serious ... and very dangerous . joey nod , he worst suspicion confirm . joey okay . one more thing : how well do they know this city ? mary they have only be here for two day ... like I . ( continued ) 30 31 32 ern continued ( 2 ) : joey ( mutter under he breath ) be thankful for little favor . now , with determination he shift the car into first gear . he glance at she and smile briefly , as if to reassure both of they . joey ( continue ) hang on . he revs the engine , pop the clutch . the tire screech and spin and smoke . the chevy roar out of the diner 's parking lot . angle - mercede the headlight flash on , the engine fire , and with a powerful lurch , the big car take off after they . ext . various CITY location - night it 's not somuch a chase as it be a game of follow - the - leader ... through a obstacle course . joey 's a native and he know the city inside out and backwards . he also know that the mercede be twice as quick as he old chevy , so the only hope he 's get be to run and hide . specific location will be select which will ultimately allow joey -- with he superior knowledge of the turf -- to escape the pursuer , but not before he and Mary come perilously close , more than once , to disaster . it 's a hair-raise sequence that establish one thing with extreme clarity : the two man who be after Mary -- for whatever reason -- be determine to succeed ; maybe even if it mean they own destruction . regardless of 31 32 how many time joey manage to elude they , they reappear ; the gray mercede rise out of the ash like some terrible beast : push on , come back , unstoppable . through the tinted window of the car they face be obscure , but not they savage tenacity . in the end joey and Mary sit in the park chevy in some dark and unseen crevice and , hold they breath , watch the mercede roar past and fade into the night -- this time , at least , not to return . ( continued ) e- 32 33 34 15 . continued : 32 | joey turn to she , and she to he . it 's too soon to feel the exhilaration of have somehow , miraculously , win this battle . know it or not , wilful or not , he have save she life two time this - evening . she stare at he curiously . for some inexplicable reason , she do not understand why he 's act the way he have . but , as for joey -- up to this point -- he 's merely act out of instinct . joey break the silence for the first time since he and Mary leave the restaurant . it 's a masterpiece of quiet understatement : joey I think we better have a talk . brief pause . CUT to : int . joey' apartment build stairway - night 33 - the two of they be trudging toward the top floor , the fifth floor . right now they be between the third and fourth floor landing . the stairway 1s poorly light and the building look like it 's probably older than the hill . joey I have be climb this stair for eight year . when I first move in , the super say to I : kid , you be go to have leg like iron pipe . then last month this new guy move in . I hear the super tell he : kid , it 's fantastic for the cardio- vascular system . funny how time change , huh ? int . fifth floor stairway - night 34 they be near the top . joey ( continue ) so now I get leg that will outrun the six million dollar man ; a heart like a rocket pump ; and a pair of lung that could blow up a blimp . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : joey ( cont would ) but you know what ? I would give it all up for a extra hundred buck a week and a apartment in a building with a elevator . CUT . to : int . joey' apartment ~ night the door open . and joey step in , stand aside for Mary to enter -- which she do , with great curiosity . joey come in , flip on a light , close the door . favor mary she merely stand there , try to take as much of it in as she can . he watch she in silence . joey May not be much , but it 's home to I . as Mary continue to survey the anterior , joey walk into the kitchen . the apartment be three room ; live room / bedroom , kitchen , and bath . the furniture be in okay condition , even though it have not be change since the 50' . the apartment look pretty clean , actually homey in a way . there be a few poster on the wall , carefully pick . one 's a nice picture of Marilyn Monroe -- just she sad smile face . another one 's a photo of some wild horse gallop through a stream . in a corner 1s a baseball bat , glove and ball ; and beside that , a bowl ball in its bag . Mary pause in front of a couple of frame photograph . joey ( continue ; at the fridge ) my folk , back in ' 74 , and that 's Annie . beautiful , be not she ? mary yes , very beautiful . joey how about a beer ? I know they have get beer where you come from . 7 ( continued ) 36 37 on 17 . continued : 36 joey pull two can from the fridge , pop the tabs , and walk back into the main room , hand she one . joey ( continue ) how d' you say it ? skol ? nyet ? she do not respond . he give up , tap they can together . joey - ( continue ) cheer . he take a slug , slump down onto the couch , seem weary for the first time . she watch he , once again follow he lead , sit down on a chair opposite . new angle - two shot 37 they silently appraise one another . joey ( continue ) how about we start with name . but let 's keep it simple , okay ? first name only . ( pause ; point to himself ) I joey . ( point to she ) you ...? mary ( after a beat ) Mary . joey stare at she , not believe it for a minute . joey Mary ? that 's a Russian name now ? like in Jesus and Mary ? Mary smile shyly . joey take another sip of he beer , never take he eye off she . joey ( continue ) you do not have the slight idea of what I be talk about , do you ? ( continued ) e- 18 . continued : 37 a silence . he lean forward , as if to see she more closely . joey ( continue ) look , I do not want to poke my nose in where it do not belong . but the way I see 1t , you have get a problem . and because we sort of ... get together ... I feel a little responsible , and I figure I ought to try and do | something to help you out . ' Mary continue to listen intently , but to say nothing . on occasion -- usually after he do -- she take a sip of she beer . joey ( continue ) but you have get to give a little , you know ? you have get to tell I 7 what 's go on . just so I be not grop around in the dark , run into wall and thing , stubbing my toe . he 's remarkably earnest , and Mary would have to be from another planet not to sense at least some of that . she stand , walk across the room to one of the window face the street . she pull the curtain aside and look out . he watch she , he eye squinting a bit , he brow furrow , as he brain continue to be severely tax by she mystery . she turn back to face he . mary that man ... joey yeah ? mary they want to capture I . ( pause ; then ) or kill I . joey ( the reality be hard to accept ) kill you ? just because you jumped the wall ? ( continued ) han eat pea cry 38 I do not understand . | be you '' _ some kind of scientist or . @omething ? ...- : os | 44 '' wary they have order , _ '' 2 gory order tokiliz . & somber pause . a : mary = they have order to bring I back ... alive or dead . this be , 80 they can show the other —- prove to the other — that there 's no hope in escape . _ favor joey ; there be no deny the tragic sincerity of she word , or the manner in which she speak they . joey begin to ' boil . he put he can of beer down , stand up , walk across the room , stop , stare at a wall — almost be , he burn a hole in it with he seethe ange : outrage . then , turn back to face she : : joey ; ( quietly , but with chill determination ) you have get my word , right here . @nd now , that even if I be go ‘to die try , there 's no way that bum be go to get what they come for . he be a free country , and I 'ma free man — bear and raise . and so long you want to stay here , with I , you be free . . : ( pause ; then ) ; okay ?. rev : Nov. 5/84_ 29 . 37 @ 7 39 4o 4d 42 43 44 favor mary there be tear in she eye . mary I do not understand why you would be willing to do this . favor joey her question be not unexpected . his eye appear to twinkle . he 's so proud of he thought , he can hardly be any prouder to voice they . joey that 's because where you have come from , freedom 's not a tune you whistle . but believe I when I tell you : once you learn that tune ... nobody , not anybody ... can take it away from you . a beat , and then he extend he hand . she 's hesitant to respond , but then she do . he take she hand in he and shake it . a pause . CuT to : ext . joey' build - night no car move on the street , and only a few light glow from behind curtain window . int . joey' apartment - night joey 's asleep on the couch beneath a blanket . the cover have be pull back on the bed , but Mary 's not in it . instead , she stand , still dress , by the window , stare out . mary p.o.v . - through window to a starry sky and a delicate , crescent moon . angle ~ mary the stillness surround she like a veil of loneliness . she turn to look at joey . 20 . 39 4o 4d 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 4g 50 51 21 , angle - joey 45 he sleep undisturbed , a pure and untrouble soul . angle - mary soe 46 she quietly cross toward a chair . several lamp be on in the room . as she pass they , she glance toward each one , and each one , in turn , go out . new angle - mary 47 she sit down in front of the small black and white television , curling she leg under she . she stare at the set for a second or two . it switch on , by itself . she settles back to watch a old western . she do not bother to turn up the volume . she watch in silenee . CUT to : ext . chicago skyline - dawn 48 the city begin to wake and stretch . ext . joey' build — dawn 4g still quiet . int . joey' apartment - dawn - close - joey 50 he wake to a unexpected aroma , blink he eye , sniff . pavor mary 51 she sit where we last see she , on the chair in front of the mute television . she smile . joey " Morning . mary " Morning . joey what 's that I smell ? mary something for we to eat . ( continued ) 51 52 53 54 continued : joey push the blanket aside and rise from the couch in he boxer short and T-shirt . he walk into the kitchen , Mary trail behind he , appear a little anxious . new angle - two shot : 52 joey follow he nose to the stove . there 's a pot of coffee brewing , and a pot on the stove , cover , he glance at she , quizzically . mary I find thing in there and there . she point to a cupboard and the refrigerator . mary ( continue ) be that alright ? joey look back at the cover pot , then reach out -- a bit tenuously -- and raise the lid . close - pot content 53 favor joey 54 joey chili ? she nod , evidently pleased that he at least recognize joey ( continue ) for breakfast ? her hopeful expression begin to fall . joey ( continue ) no , no , I love chili ! it 's my favorite thing in the world . I just never think of have it first thing in the morning . he grab a spoon , spoon up a mouthful , almost inhale it . Mary watch intently . he savor it , chew , swallow , it 's truly good , ( continued ) 54 55 continued : joey ( continue ) it 's fantastic ! you could win a contest . she nod , very pleased . he nod , happy to make she happy . he take another spoonful , make the - appropriate delighted face . joey ( continue ) you sure you do not defect from Mexico ? Mary stare at he , confuse . he laugh . joey ( continue ) you have get a lot to learn , comrade Mary . CUT to : int . joey' apartment - later that day he come from the bathroom , dress in he mechanic 's uniform . Mary 's watch television again , still without sound , now a particularly silly game show . joey lean down and turn up the volume . joey better , huh ? she nod , but we be leave with the distinct and linger impression that she 's always be hearing the sound . joey ( continue ) I have get to go to work . I want you to stay here , okay ? we have get the weekend come up and we will have time to try and work thing out . you understand ? mary yes . joey promise I ... no tour of the neighborhood , no boat ride , no shopping . okay ? ( continued ) 23 . 54 55 55 56 57 58 59 24 , continued : 55 mary okay . a beat . he glance at the television . joey we have get lot of channel , you know . you can learn all kind of stuff , she nod , smile . he stare at she . joey ( continue ) I think I figure out why they want you back so bad . you have get a face that could launch a thousand missile . she may or may not have understand he . he smile at . she , clearly reluctant to leave . but then , know he have to , he reach out , touch she cheek . joey ( continue ) see you at four-thirty . then he turn , cross the room , and walk out without look back . close - mary 56 she stare after he , after he 's go , warm by he brief touch . CUT to : int . stairway - day 57 joey bound lightly down the stair , whistling a tune , and maybe even ride a banister or two . int . first floor stair ~ day 58 joey round the landing and start down the final flight . angle - front door 59 it open with a glare of sunlight . 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 angle - joey he look . angle - men the twin from last night fill the frame with they massive bulk . ( from this point on , for descriptive purpose , they will be refer to as the Nazis . ) close - joey momentarily immobilize . close - nazis they have see he . angle - joey barely take the time to mutter a indecipherable curse under he breath , he spin around and take off back up the stair . angle - nazis follow . int . stairway - various location - day count he blessing for eight year of develop he iron pipe leg , rocket pump heart , and blimp inflate lung , joey almost fly up the stair . it 's as if he 's jet-propell . — the Nazis jog in unison , one step at a time -- clearly not as quick as joey , but just as clearly unphase by the effort . there 's something almost robot- like in they perfectly even pace . and in they expression , the same frigid coldness we see last night . CUT to : int . joey' bathroom - day Mary stand in front of the open medicine cabinet , a open bottle of cologne in one hand , a open tube of toothpaste in the other , tentatively sniff they . ( continued ) 25 . 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 67 68 69 70 71 t2 26 . continued : 67 but now , sense danger , she look toward the live room , 7 joey ( v.0 . ) ( muffle ; distant ) Mary ?! get out ! run ! CUT to : int . stairway - day 68 joey sail around the fourth floor landing and charge up the final flight . : joey Mary ! Mary ! angle - nazis 69 Machine -like , frighteningly precise , they leg piston up and down on the wooden stair of the third floor . int . 5 th floor landing - day 70 joey , sweat , gasp , hurl he body onto the landing and spin around the corner toward he apartment door . angle - door 71 it open , and Mary 's there . joey do not slow down , just barrel through , take she with he , slamm the door behind then , int . joey' apartment - day 72 joey lurch back around , slam the deadbolt . joey why be you still here ?! do not you hear I ?! I tell you to get out ! not wait for she response , he grab she hand , haul she across the room . in the b.g. , we hear the tromp - tromp - tromp of the Nazis 's foot . @> 73 7a 15 76 17 78 79 new angle - joey , mary he fling open one of the window , leap out onto the fire escape , then reach back to haul she onto it with he . int . 5 th floor landing - day the Nazis take the final few step . ext . build - day Hand in hand , joey in the lead , they clatter noisily down the iron stairway . the fire escape shudder against they weigh int . joey' apartme the door burst open , as if from the blow of a sledge - hammer . the Nazis ext . build - day joey and Mary be on the second flight from the street . Mary glance up . angle - nazis they step out onto the fire escape from joey 's window . one of they reach under he jacket and withdraw a gun . favor mary ( a frighten joey ! he spin , look up . it . not - day enter . mary shout ) CUT to : CUT to : CUT to : 27 . 73 74 75 76 17 78 79 G 80 81 82 83 84 28 . angle - nazis 80 ' the one with the gun fire . it 's a louder explosion and a brighter flash than we be use to see . angle - joey and mary 81 whatever be shot from the gun now strike the iron stairway just a few foot above they , blow a flame hole in it , six foot around . the portion of the stair joey and Mary be on begin to buckle and groan . joey hang ont !!! new angle - scene 82 with both of they cling to the railing , they watch in horror as bolt snap from the ancient concrete side of the building and , slowly , they portion of the stair begin to sag , and then sink , and then fall toward the street . thankfully , though , none of this happen in a - rush . instead , bend under its own weight , the staircase politely arc closer and closer to the ground . angle - nazis 83 the shooter shoot again . angle - joey and mary 84 they jump the last few foot to the alley floor , and not @ second too soon . behind they , the last exist portion of the lower stairway explode like the fourth of July . joey ( shouting to Mary ) be that guy crazy ?! I ask you 1 for they have gun , not canon ! ( then , grab she hand ) come on ! run ! they run toward the street . 85 86° 87 89 es rev . dec . 14/84 29 . % close - nazi with gun . 85 for the first time we see the weapon in close detail , and curiously it do not look ail that different than a streamline 9 mm semi-automatic . what it shoot , though , be clearly another story . and now the Nazi shoot for the third time . tee angle - joey . and mary : 86 Racing toward the street , the impact of the explosion ten yard ahead of they kmock they to the ground . what go sky-high be joey 's car . closer - joey and mary 87 sprawle on the pavement , he whirl around to look back up toward the top of the fire escape . long shot - nazis 88 a beat , and then they disappear back into the apartment . pavor joey 89 he do not understand . his surging adrenalin mix with he anger and definace and massive confusion . he leap to he foot , stare in pain at he destroy car , then turn back to where the Nazis be . joey ( ceontinue ; shouting crazily ) where be you go ?! why do not you try and finish what you start ! ( then , to Mary , and still shouting ) I do not understand this ! I do not understand any of this ! what the hell be go on here ?! a brief , crush silence . cur to : : . a : kev. . Dec. 14/84 29a * / .. 90 . '' int . service garage . 90 * will ; ( : a dozen car in various state of disrepair , four . or five mechanic in uniform - include stewy and e ; Ralph . a telephone be ringing but no one be acknowledge it . stewy slide out from under a car , mutter a curse . then , : ; stewy . aos ( louder ) what 's the matter ? everybody go deaf around here all of a sudden . he cross to the phone , wiping he oily hand on a oily cloth . he lift the receiver . stewy ( on phone ) tony 's . ( pause , then ) yeah , it 's I . where have you be , man ? it 's almost noon . what ? what happen to you . car ? nlook at he . watch ) yeah , yeah , alright , okay , og ; : we will pick you up . lunchtime . : where ? what be you do there ? what ? hiding from who ? joey ? e joey ? a beat and then stewy hang up the phone , confuse and frustrated . Ralph have be watch . ralph what 's go on ? stewy joey 's flipping out . I think it 's that chick from last night . i ralph : what 's wrong with he car ? stewy would not say . but it 's not he car I be worried about . it 's he head . I think she 's fry he brain . or 91 92 93 «rev . dec . 24/84 ... — int . '' pool hall - day 91 there 's no one in the place except joey and Mary . Mary 's stand beside one of the table , quietly intent as she very carefully arrange the red ball on a snooker table into a particular - if unpredictable - pattern . to one side of the table be three white ball . favor joey ~ 92 he 's speak to stewy over a pay phone , he voice 's tow , he manner quietly urgent . joey ( over phone ) never mind what happen to my car . I just need yours , okay ? look no more question , alright ? ( look at he watch ) okay . noon. right . he replace the receiver . omit scene omit 93 " " 30.8 * x : aby = be bie ve ay rev : Nov. 5/84 31 . i 7 sreamgae oee wet . 7 as : : a | wider - scene ) ff S et ; 94 ya tet 7 : ; : i a e ' joey cross the room toward Mary . he glance * _ warily over he shoulder , as if expect another oc | enemy raid . tem a pett 95 . two shot - joey , mary _ ; * 95 ' beside she now , he watch as she finish she * I arrangement of snooker_balls .. then , do , she look 7 at hin , . seat : joey : that 's not exactly how the game * dis play . a ; mary I be not play a game . ' the tone of she voice be one he never hear before . he stare at she , wait . mary 7 I want to explain ... everything . . . . joey ; _ for with good idea . : eee samedaeeaeae L tetetel deal 7 : i : 7 ms a she look back down at the arrangement of ball . ha . mary : you have to be willing to * believe . joey vee I already believe ... that the two . of we be in this way over we head . : : ' : . : ( continued ) es 95 96 97 98 32 . continued : 95 mary . more than that . much more . she look back at hin , steadily ; into he eye . mary ( continue ) I be not from anywhere around here . not five thousand mile . not a hundred thousand mile . not a hundred million mile . he return she stare , not even close to ready to believe she ; but for a number of reason -- some see , some feel -- not ready to object , either . | she return she look to the snooker table . she place | the first white ball near the corner of the table | close to they . | . | mary ( continue ) Earth . he watch she , oblivious to the fact that he 's begin to hold he breath . she place the second white ball just a inch or two away from the first . mary ( continue ) you sun , close = joey 96 it 's too much , too crazy -- but he continue to watch she , almost as if under a spell . | favor mary 97 she walk the length of the snooker table , and there , on the opposite side from where joey stand , she place the third white ball . she look up at he . mary ( continue ) my planet . my home . favor joey 98 he stare at the table . his eye slowly sweep from one end to the other -- the distance suddenly appear as vast as the universe . he look back at Mary . silence . fade out . end of act one 7 fade in : |. a fatale ; : 99°. int . woon hall - pay ee tat tale ] , cee nothing have change . the siience costanue . it : - 100 favor mary =~ ft for a long time , the people of . Planet live in peace ...so0 long '' that we forget war , forget what it mean to have a enemy . but now we do . and because we ko no other way , we have become they slave . '' ... 2 : the - she search he eye for ' understanding . then , ag 4 . fy . . " mary , . : ( continue ) : I escape . I travel for a long time ; I do not know how long . but when I find this planet , you . earth , I think I would be safe . ; ( pause ; she look away , defeat ) I be wrong . : another brief silence . mary ( continue ) they do not kill we this morning , because they want I alive . they want I as a example . but I know this enemy ; I know the . planet they come from ; I know what they have do ; and I know that they will kill I , if I give they no other choice . 33 . ! ' 100 101 102 @-> 34 . closer = mary 101 mary ( continue ) today be a warning ... to you . next time , unless I surrender to they , they will kill both of we . wider angle - scene 102 although Mary do all the talk , joey feel exhaust . he slump back against the table behind he . she watch he . then , shaking he head , grop for word , feel somehow embarrassed and not know why : joey I do not know what to say . mary it 's difficult to accept , I know that . 5 joey ( choke on a laugh ) difficult ? mary but not impossible , I hope . but it be almost hopeless . he turn away , stare at a wall , stare at the other table , then look back at she . joey can you do something ? I mean , ean you ... can you ... ( wave he hand vaguely ) +..- do a trick or something ? work a miracle ? fly around the room . turn invisible ? his desperation 1s steadily increase . joey ( continue ) I mean , you have get to ... you can not just expect ... ( then , almost anguish ) give I some proof ! 35 . 103 . favor mary 103 a silence . understand he need , she slowly turn and begin to look around the billiard 's room . he watch she . then , spot a dozen ball scattered on one of the table , she slowly approach it . 104 intercut - mary , ball , joey - 104 she stare down at the numbered ball . joey watch , have no idea of what to expect . for a moment , nothing . but now one of the ball begin to roll , just slowly , toward one of the pocket . ~ joey 's mouth drop open a bit . a tiny bead of perspira - tion appear on Mary 's forehead . the roll ball , still travel slowly , approach the pocket , cross the lip , drop in . joey move from he position , move like a man under water , he eye never leave the pool table , as he come closer to it . another ball have start to roll , this one just a little faster ; and this one , too , drop into a pocket . joey stare at she . more perspiration have appear on she face , but she seem impossibly calm . then , a SOUND . joey look back down . two balis now , and then three , begin to roll toward different pocket . and then , even before all of they have sink , other start roll . joey 's eye dance around the table , watch first this ball , then that one , then another , then still another , until -- finally -- all be in motion , and all be go , and the table be bare . 105 close - mary 105 she turn to he , she face shimmer with perspiration . 106 favor joey 106 he turn to she ... almost , but not quite entirely , ready to believe . she sense he hesitation , he turmoil , he innocence battle with whatever have jade he , have jade nearly all of we . and she know that what she 's say and what she 's do still be not enough . os ( + the pool table and billiara table '' | maybe even a hundred — color ball come out " of the pocket , shoot straight up into the air , some various angle - scens_ : rte '' again look around the 7 joey stare at she , actually -_ the prospect of what might await hin next . - ous 208 109 spew they content like insane geyser . erupt , spitting and - a 7 8 core — bounce off the ceiling , create a unholy racket . : and , as 4 for this 4s not t enough , there now begin a general . cosmic upheaval within this room . the overhead light : begin flash on and off irregularly , create a strobe _ effect . the jukebox in one corner of the room light up : _ and a rock tune begin to blast from it . . joey stare open-mouthed . ball continue to bounce tl apound the room , off . table , off the floor , off the .. eedling . the room be a storm of color ball , soar up , fall down , shoot back up again . : ; it 's fantastic ! th , ext , pool hall --- pay '' ) ! * 220 ' joey 48 follow Mary into the back seat of stewy 's car . Ralph 4s in the passenger seat , and like joey and - stewy , he also wear the service garage uniform . ee aoc le a@ new urgency in joey 's manner . he slam the or shut . qo : . ' annaeeae : what give ? just drive , okay ? = : 7 drive where ? we have get to punch back in in forty - five minute . ' ( continued ) 110 111 112 113 37 . continued : 110 joey ( brittle ) please , stewy , just do I a favor and drive , will you ? — stewy glance over he shoulder at both joey and Mary , and then at Ralph beside he . Ralph encourage . he with a nod . stewy sure . whatever you say . wider - scene 111 stewy 's car pull forward and begin to wind its way out of the parking lot . CUT to : ext . chicago location ~ day 1212 . it 's a area within the city , but remote in its own way . stewy 's car appear , slow and stop . closer angle - car 113 stewy cut the engine and for a moment the four of they merely sit there in silence , each of they stare straight ahead . stewy ( continue ; still without turn ) so ? be you go to let we in on this or not ? joey 's wrestle with the answer , confuse , almost painfully confuse . Ralph turn to face he . ralph look , since when do any of we start go it alone ? all for one and one for all , right ? be not that how it 's always be ? joey yeah , yeah , but this time ... he trail off into uncertainty . stewy turn around . he look at Mary , then at joey . ( continued ) 38 . 213 = continued : 113 stewy just spit it out , will you ? '' you be in trouble . maybe the ' lady 's in trouble . '' but how bad can it be , huh ? I mean , you just meet she yesterday , so she can not be pregnant , right ? he look from joey to Mary , hope to crack a smile . but no luck . he glance at Ralph . Ralph shrug . stewy ( continue ; to Mary ) pardon I , miss ... ( then , to joey ) you know what you problem be ? it 's the same as it 's always be : you do not know what you want out of life . so when something good happen to you -- like maybe meeting this nice young lady , here -- you get all - erazy and confuse . he pause again , to see if he 's get through . by ' joey 's expression , it seem doubtful . : stewy ( continue ) remember back a couple of week before I get marry ? remember that ? remember how I go a little nut ? all of a sudden I do not know what I ... joey ( cut he off ) Mary 's from another planet . what follow 1s a silence like no other we have hear thus far . so complete , it 's like a vacuum . but then -- stewy what do you say . joey ( disturbingly calm ) she 's from another planet . from another ... galaxy . ( pause ; then ) she 's not a human be . another brief , but excruciate , silence . ( continued ) 113 ais 39 . continued ( 2 ) : 113 ralph ( a simple , straight - forward question ) be you crazy ? I mean , have you completely freak out ? a pause . joey look , forget it , okay ? just let I borrow the car for a couple of day , that 's all I need right now . stewy that 's all you need ? be you kid I ? that 's all you need ? you need a straight - acket , that 's what you et the two of you ! joey - be you go to loan I the ear or not ? stewy for what ?! so you can drive she home ?! give up , joey open the rear door , climb out -- pull Mary after he -- then slam it shut . joey I will see you around , still with Mary in tow , he trudge away . stewy ( call ) hey , wait a second ! just wait @ second ! new angle - scene 114 joey stop , turn back . stewy climb from the car . joey yeah ? stewy well , I want to ask you something . ( continued ) 4o . 114 continued : 114 ( joey e no , I have not be drink . stewy well , let I ask you this , then ... but then he pause , turn to Ralph . stewy ( continue ; awed by himself ) why be I even stand here try to talk to this man ? ralph ( shrug ) beat I . a pause . stewy , obviously a glutton for punishment , turn back to joey . stewy okay . answer I this : if this lady here be from another planet , from another ... galaxy ... ( pause ; then ) C . how come she happen to look exactly like we do ? a silence . joey look at Mary , then back at stewy . he seem stump . stewy wait , now fold he arm across he chest , quite pleased with himself . joey ' well , let I ask you something . stewy . shoot . joey you believe in God ? stewy what ? joey do you believe in God ? stewy what kind of a question be that ? of course I believe in God . you know I believe in God . how many | time have we be to church | e together ? ( continued ) 114 115 116 117 118 119 41 , continued ( 2 ) : 114 joey do you believe we be create in God 's image ? stewy smell a trap but can not quite figure it out . stewy ( haltingly ) yeah . so? joey so how many image do you think he have ? Zapped . joey nod to both stewy and Ralph , take Mary 's hand , start to march away . but Mary resist .. she stop to look back at joey 's friend . joey ( continue ) come on , we be waste we time with this lug . favor mary 115 she seem to be struggle with a decision . but now she make it . closer = mary 116 a glimmer of intensity flicker across she expressian . close - joey 117 he watch she , then turn toward stewy and Ralph . favor stewy and ralph 118 stewy , suddenly sense something , look up . Ralph look up . wider angle - favoring stewy and ralph 119 it 's snow on they . just on they . nowhere else . a lovely , soft and silent snow . 220 221 2122 rev . dec . 17/84 close - joey '' : his mouth drop open , close - mary a tiny amtle . , of _wider - scene it continue to snow , gently , - on stewy and Ralph . Mary reach out and take joey 's hand , and now it 's she , instead of he , who lead they away . joey continue to stare back over he shoulder . stewy and Ralph seem to have turn to stone as they stare up in breathless wonder at the fall snow . . CUT to : 42 . 120 121 122 eee eer et 122a int . chinese restaurant - day 122a ~ — joey and Mary be in the place , joey engage in 7 conversation with thé chinese waiter , Mary watch , @ fascinate by the new language . the waiter speak no English . joey speak no chinese . the problem be that joey be attempt to order a particular dish , , only he can not remember what it 's call . all he can do be try to describe it - in increasingly more elaborate detail . but since the waiter do not understand English , the -situation seem hopeless . joey 's frustration intensify . he begin use he hand in he attempt to communicate visually . it 's beginning to look like a game of charade . the waiter continue to rattle off the name of every single chinese dish he can think of . but not one of they ring joey 's bell . but now , after listen carefully , Mary have catch on to the basic of the chinese vocabulary . she turn to ' joey and speak for the first time in this scene . what 7 | she say , very clearly and very precisely , be the name of the mystery dish . '' the waiter look at she . joey look at she . theré 's a brief , stun silence , and then both man practically explode in enthusiastic affirmation . with immense relief the waiter walk back to the kitchen to place the order . joey stare at Mary , once again awed by she . joey I do not get it . how do you ' do that ? I could not think of it . he do not know what I be talk about . but you figure it out . ; mary ' you be think about it , ! joey . a pause . in a way he understand what she mean , but he 's : not quite ready to accept it . he shake it off , want | to change the subject . joey chopstick . | he pick he up . she look at hers , pick they up | ' similarly . ( continued ) > 122a rev . dec . 17/84 42b * continued : . 122a : joey : you have get to think of they | like a old fork , you know ? like all the tooth fell_out . watch . he demonstart , use he chopstick to pick up a imaginary bite of food and place it into he ' mouth . a dubious hesitation , and now Mary do the same . he watch she carefully , silently encourage she . then , joey crazy , huh ? : mary I like it . he grin , shake he head . joey figure . another silence . then , joey what be I go to do with you ? she stare at he curiously . . joey I do not suppose you bring a map with you so you could show I where you live ... where you come from . she shake she head . another pause , 's and now a think . begin brewing in joey 's head . joey wait a second ... wait a second ... another pause , and now he suddenly jump up , turn toward the kitchen , shout to the waiter : joey can you make that ' to go ' ? CUT to : ( continued ) 223° 124 _ 125 126 . rev . dec . 17/84 42c CUT to : ext . planetarium - day — long shot - joey and mary -- 123 they walk side by side , joey set e@ fast pace , talk to Mary non-stop , gesture . se & ext . observatory — day : 124 they almost jog up the wide stone stair and enter the ~ bulld . ; CUT to : int . observatory build ~ day 125 the hall echoe with they footstep . joey know where he 's go . he lead she down a hall , up some stair , and finally into one room in particular . he quietly close the door behind they . : " int . planetarium room — day 126 the large , dome - ceiling room be empty and dim . in the center , the hulk form of the projector . he take . she hand and lead she to the intricate piece of equipment . the two of they stare down at the vast panel | of switch and dial . cur 10 ; @-> 127 128 129 130 131 132 favor joey he 's at a loss to know what to do , which switch to pull . know he 's get to start somewhere , he reach out —- tentatively -- toward one likely - look switch . favor mary she stop he hand , shake she head . he stare at she . she look down at the panel , obviously try to familiarize herself with it , to understand it . and now , slowly , she go to work . various angle - scene joey watch in awe as Mary manipulate the panel , dim the light in the room , cause a pattern of star to appear on the black ceiling . she change the pattern 43 . 127 128 129 once , then again , then again . the last one to appear on the ceiling be minutely detailed and would seem to include every celestial body in the universe , and all of they magnitude , motion , and constituon . favor mary she stare intensely at this latest map of the universe , then find the control that direct the light arrow along the ceiling . she want to be as precise as possible . she take she time , check , recheck . and then , with great precision , she stop the arrow at one particular point . favor joey he stare at the light arrow , know what it represent , try , somehow , to absorb the wonder of it all , the staggering implication . professor hobb ( 0.s. ) May I help you ? joey whirl around , ready to fight . Mary turn . angle - professor hobb she 's a no - nonsense woman in she mid-forty , briefcase in one hand , a cluster of book in the other . ( continued ) 130 131 132 132 133 134 135 136 137 hy , continued : 132 professor hobb ( continue ) perhaps you would like to offer a explanation ... before I call security . new angle - scene , 133 joey take a few step toward she , step from the shadow . : joey Professor hobb ? it 's I ... joey donizetti . remember I ? I be the guy who always work on you car ? she recognize he , but still seem very uncertain . professor hobb what be you do in here , joey ? joey seem to be at a momentary loss . how can he possibly explain it ? favor mary 134 she 's make a decision . she reach for something in she pocket . joey 's anxious , unsure , maybe even afraid of what she might pull out . close - mary hand 135 she withdraw something from she pocket that 's at first unrecognizable . it 's a piece of flat metal , maybe copper , maybe gold . the edge be uneven , as if it 's part of something larger that 's be break off . close - joey 136 he stare at the object in Mary 's hand . close - professor 137 could 4t be that she know what it be ? her eye narrow as she squint across the distance at it . and now , slowly , she begin to approach they . 138 139 140 45 . new angle - scene 138 we still have not be give a close view of the object in Mary 's hand . the Professor stop advance when she 's come within touch distance . she stare at it '' breathlessly . she raise she eye to Mary . professor ( continue ) May I ? Mary hand the piece of shiny metal to the Professor , who take 1t and hold 1t and stare down at it as if it be a piece of the original ten commandment present to mose . close - object 139 we see it clearly for the first time . etched into the break piece of @old - plate copper be a partial rendering of the human male and female figure , and a simple map-like draw of we solar system , and out planet . favor professor 140 she look back at Mary , then turn to joey . she seem to be have a profound religious experience . professor ; ( continue ) do you know what this 41 ? joey I be not sure , professor it be part of the voyager satellite that we launch eight year ago . then , almost instructionally , to Mary : professor ( continue ) the complete package include a - phonograph record of scientific data ... example of sixty language speak on earth ... microfilm photograph of the human race ... music from all of we major culture ... ( continued ) @ - 5 140 14 . 142 143 continued : she trail off . a dead silence . then , to Mary : professor ( continue ) where do you get this ? favor mary she return the Professor 's probing stare , but say nothing . professor ( continue ) where do you get 1t ? favor joey a slight smile appear on he face . he glance up at the giant chart of the cosmos . 46 , 14o 141 142 joey probably from somewhere in she neighborhood . the Professor stare at he . joey point to the glow arrow . - joey ( continue ) that 's pretty close . new angle - scene the by - now familiar silence enclose all of then . Professor hobb stare at the chart of the universe , then at Mary , then back down at the shiny metal in she hand . camera move into a close angle of the object . 's fade out . end of act two 143 144 145 NOV . 8,1984 act three fade in : oe ext , planetarium - day eae ! light glow from various building . CUT to : int . computer lab ~ day . joey stand alone in the quiet on one side of a glass wall . on the opposite side be Mary and Professor hobb . within the room be a number of computer of various size and description . color light glow . joey can not hear what 's be say on the other side of the glass , but the essence of the scene be apparent . Copying a amazingly complex mathematical question from a small sheet of paper she hold , the Professor 1s write it onto a blackboard . there appear to be more symbol than number . even the majority of we , who will have no idea of what it be that she 's write , will understand that to comprehend such a question take a real measure of brilliance . Mary merely watch , quietly watch . finally finish , the Professor hand the stick of chalk to Mary , give she some brief , last - minute instruction , then check the time on she watch as she walk away , head toward one of the computer . joey stare at Mary , stare at the mass of symbol and number on the blackboard . the Professor sit down at a@ computer , the small sheet of paper beside she , ready to enter the same question . she raise she hand to begin type , but suddenly stop . a SOUND have distract she . she look up . joey look . Mary be write the answer to the question , write steadily , in large and clear number and symbol on the blackboard . Professor hobb stare in speechless awe . joey begin to grin . Mary continue to write . the Professor slowly stand . joey 's grin widen . Mary draw a line under she work , put the chalk in the rack , turn toward the Professor -- without even the smallest trace of superiority in she expression . the Professor , staggered by this display of genius , feel suddenly weak in the kmee and slump back onto she chair . Mary turn to look through the glass wall at joey . he raise a thumb . : CUT to : 47 . 144 145 '' ~ a en ree rs ee ar a na ant be 147 148 149 150 151 : incredulous silence . ... . 2 rno not oey stand '' over acing Mary 's back , face up from a deck . falter , nor do ' Professor 's shoulder as she sit jane Professor 4s turn card __ . Mary 's measure tone never — e' ever make a single mistake . '' Black nine . Red two . Black four . Red seven . Black seven . Black queen . three . ; nme Professor stop eaeaie the sepa a breathless , mary ( continue ) Black eight . the Professor stare at the downturned card . joey : pane . then , reach out with a slightly tremble close - card | : ra7 she turn the next card face up . Black eight . close - mary 148 know now , for certain , that she be right , she allow the barest hint of a smile . CUT to : int . observatory build , haliway = pay .. 149 Silent and desert except for the three of they . Mary stand alone on one side ; joey and the Professor stand side by side fifty foot away . directly between they , lie on the hall floor , be a unabridge dictionary that look like it weigh twenty pound . intercut - mary , joey and professor , dictionary 150 the anticipation be extreme . joey and the Professor stand and stare , they eye darting between Mary and the dictionary . Mary 's face be bath in perspiration . joey seem to be try to help she , he jaw twitching , he muscle tense . for a moment it look hopeless . close - dictionary * 151 sudden as a jack - in- the -box , it pop cesta up off the floor , a three - foot leap , and then immediately flop back down , fall open , approximately around the middle page . * * ena ein al recede bk ane a es ' ky '' professional scripr ~ service e - hank vou ; 3415 fernwood Avenue , Los Angeles , California 90039 '' ( 243 ) 661-94 16 = | 7 e : : ; for a scientist , ' professo pleasure . favour mary she glance down at the open dictionary . ' th quiet precision : ; 1 : mary planetarium . noun . a astro - nomical mechanism which , by the movement of it 's part , represent the motion and orbit of the planet and other heavenly body on a dome ceiling ; the building in which this mechanism be house . 153a reaction ~ joey , professor they stare and listen in awe as Mary continue . mary planetary . from the latin planetarius . of , pertain to , or resembling a planet or the planet ; terrestrial or mundane ; wander or erratic .... eee ee x hobb look like she jus witness a miracl . soey can barely conceal he en , with aya ~152 153 * eee ee ee 153a rm eve wuVe eusor — — — — 154 int . professor's office - night * the Professor sit behind she desk . joey and Mary sit opposite , all around the room be the sign and symbol of the Professor 's world : heavenly globe , lush photograph of celestial body , a kinetic sculpture of the solar system . the atmosphere be scholarly ; the mood portentous . by the Professor 's attitude , it 's apparent that even with all she 's see , and even though she want to accept it fully , the pragmatic side of she will not quite allow total commitment . professor before I ... suggest ... a course *. - of action , I would like to understand 7 a little more . for instance : you * method of space travel . * mary it 's difficult to describe . * professor I see . but would it be possible 7 for I to see ... it ? you ... ship ? * mary ' I will take you there . 7 ( continued ) nos 154 ee : * 50 . 154 continued : : : 154 @ ~ the Professor nod professor this ... man . you ... enemy . 7 you have imply that they be - determine , joey yeah . determined to kill . professor can anything be do to ... neutralize ... this threat ? mary no . but ' you should know that in * another two day the alignment of * E we planet will change , make it * impossible to intercept the necessary * orbit . 7 * ( pause ; then ) * ( a , : none uf we will be able to return . * : 7 : professor e : unti1 ? mary you year , two thousand ninety - eight . professor so , if you stay ? * mary we will live out we life here . " '' professor you be prepare for that ? 7 mary my planet be no longer my home . I have no choice . ( professor ; and the enemy ? do they have a choice ? * ( continued ) 154 continued ( 2 ) : i mary be ) hi they will not return without I . both joey and the Professor can clearly sense the terible finality of she word . then , Professor do you have any idea of what it will be like for you here once you presence be acknowledge ? can you imagine how difficult it will be for you ? a pause . then , simply : G. mane as I say , I have no choice . stung by the reality , joev look away . professor May I ask one more question before we leave ? mary yes . professor how do you explain the fact that physically , you appear identical to human being ? * +e rh joey look up , look at Mary , then to the Professor : joey . May I ask you something , Professor ? professor ( yes . a pause . then , @ joey do you believe in God ? brief , curious pause , e of * * cur to : 155 weve oy avut ' ext . observatory build - pay * joey and Mary stand on the stair , wait for the Professor to join they . for a moment , only the quiet . joey I be sorry . she turn to he , question he with she eye . joey ( continue ) for the last twenty - four hour , all I have be think about be two thing : keep we alive ... and patting myself on the back for be the first man on earth to have find himself a real e.t . ( pause ; then ) I never stop to think about how you must be feel ... be alone . ( pause ; then ) I be sorry . 52 . 155 a beat , and then Mary reach out and touch he lightly on the face -- exactly in the same way he touch she , early this same morning . he take she hand , then slowly raise it to he lip and kiss it very gently . she clearly do not know how to respond . joey ( continue ) do you ... kiss ? a pause . she shake she head , no . then , like a secret admission : mary I see it on you television last night ... for the first time . he nod . joey ( tentatively ) would you like to try ? still another pause , and then she nod , shyly . a beat , and then he place he hand lightly on the side of she arm and slowly draw they body closer together . they kiss , as sweetly as kid on a first date . Mary keep she eye open . they part . ( continued ) 156 157 158 159 . first time , but much longer this time . toward the end joey nod . they kiss again , exactly the same as the of it , perhaps instinctively , Mary lightly shut she eye . : : ret eis ite eee cee et camera boom up , leave they , and pan across the second floor window . Light shine from one of they , and in 4t we can see Professor hobb , speak to someone on the telephone , the break piece of gold - plate copper in she hand . La aoe : 's CUT to : * 156 * 157 * 158 ext . abandoned farm - night — ; : 159 the Professor 's car travel slowly over a rutte path , then stop near a ramshackle barn . the door open and the three of they step out into the night . Mary point toward the large open in the front of the barn that once have door . they begin toward it . ; @-> please note : the follow scene , end on page 61 ( scene 199 ) , will take place in and around a auto wrecking yard within the city , as oppose to a rural farm and abandon barn . dialogue will remain the same . action will be change as necessary to suit the new location , but will remain as much as possible as be . 53 a @- 160 161 162 163 164 165 54 , new angle - group shot 160 with Mary slightly in the lead , the three of they approach the dark entrance . joey glance nervously over he shoulder , always wary . Mary be the first to reach the open . favor mary 7 161 she stop , abruptly . joey ( intensely alert ) what be it ? what 's wrong ? new angle - scene 162 joey and the Professor take the last few step , come up alongside Mary . they look . angle - destruction 163 ° unrecognizable as a space craft -- or , for that matter , anything -- the center of the decrepit structure be a mass of twisted metal , char metal , in the middle of a six - foot deep crater . new angle - group 164 joey ( continue ) that be you ship ? Mary can barely accept it . she shake she head , as if to deny the reality . joey ( continue ) they destroy you ship ? and then , suddenly , the realization . joey whirl around , he eye scan the darkness . angle - farm yard 165 something glint , almost imperceptibly , like shiny steel briefly reflect a moonbeam . e-> 166 167 168 169 55 . favor joey _ 166 he spin back around . 7 joey ( continue ) get down !!! he push both woman hard on they back . both of they lurch forward . joey dive on top of they , as one side of the barn erupt in a roaring fulmination of flame splinter . Professor hobb scream in terror as she start to rise , hysterical , have no idea of what she 's do . joey ( continue ; shouting ) stay down ! he reach out for she , but miss by inch . Professor hobb scream again . and now , a second explosion . 7 angle - professor 167 her body be hurl through the fiercely - glow darkness by the force of the explosion . she die instantly . favor joey 168 he whirl around to face the farm yard and the invisible , deadly enemy . joey ( continue ; shouting insanely ) damn you ! favor mary 169 she pull he down beside she , she face smudge with dirt , she hair fill with ash . mary listen to I , please ! they only want I . do not you understand ? they only want I ! joey be like a crazy man . ( continued ) en 169 170 171 172 173 56 . continued : 169 joey well , they be not go to get you ! no way ! he glance around , feverishly , look for a place to hide . then , remember the crater , he grab she , haul she she to she foot , and yank she after he . - joey ( continue ) run ! run! new angle - scene 170 they race toward the crater and leap into it just as a third explosion rock the barn , blow out another massive piece of wall . chunks of flame wood rain down around they , as they huddle beneath the lip of the crater . closer - joey and mary 171 a momentary silence . he raise he head above the crater 's edge and peer through the darkness . long shot - farm yard 172 the Professor 's car remain where it be , gleam in the moonlight thirty yard away . the two Nazis suddenly appear , dash from one hide place to another -- but this time closer to the barn . angle - joey and mary 173 joey ( continue ) we have get to get to the car . mary it 's impossible . joey ( angry ) it be not impossible ! nothing 's impossible ! we have just get to figure it out . but now still another explosion . joey and Mary duck . ( continued ) @> 173 57 . continued : 173 it 's like the entire world 1s blow up around then , piece by piece . then , when the noise subside , joey leap up again . ieee joey ( continue ; shouting ) where would you guy learn to shoot ? in the r.o.t.c .? he drop back down , feel better . then , the inspiration . he spin around to face she . joey ( continue ) you have get to do it . she do not understand . joey ( continue ) no game now . no parlor trick . I want you to move the car . she stare at he , incredulous . mary I can not . joey you can ! I know you can ! mary even if I could , they will destroy it . joey be you kid I ? that guy hit a move target ? she take he hand , hold it tight . mary ( intense ) you be not listen to I , joey . if they want I dead , I would be dead . they be give we a chance , do not you understand ? they be willing to let you live ... but only if I walk out of here alone . and now he grab Mary , and he intensity 4s even great . ( continued ) 173 174 175 176 177 continued ( 2 ) : joey joey donizetti do not roll over and play dead ! okay ? alright ? and neither will you ... not so long as we be together ! and then , like a grand punctuation to he speech , another section of the barn go up in flame . new angle - favoring mary she rise , tentatively , and peer over the lip of the crater to the car . joey watch she . her face do not betray the effort , but the perspiration immediately begin to form on she face , and mix with the soot and grime , and start to streak . joey look anxiously toward the car . nothing 's happen . he turn back to she . joey ( continue ) one more thing ... ( then , with almost a smile ) try for about thirty mile a hour , will you ? closer - mary the perspiration cover she entire face , she arm , she hand . favor billy he give she all the support he can , silently urging she on , nodd he head , glance back and forth between Mary and the car . then , a horrible think . he shut he eye . joey ( continue ; half - whisper ) please , God , do not let she have set the brake . close - wheel they move , just a bit , and then just a bit more . 58 . 173 174 175 176 177 ex 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 59 . favor joey 178 he 's see it . joey ( continue ; quietly ) it 's move . you be do it . it 's move . close - mary 179 for the first time we see evidence of the strain , see it in she expression . if the Nazis do not kill she , this just might . angle - nazis 180 they be position well ahead of the car , can not see it unless they look back , and evidently have not hear it begin to coast forward yet . closer ~ nazis 181 '' one of they be aim he weapon toward the fragile remain of the barn . angle - joey and mary 182 as another explosion tear a gape hole in the roof , not quite over they head . joey duck instinctively , but not Mary -- so intent in she effort that she may not have even notice it . closer = mary 183 ember and ash and spinter fall onto she hair and . shoulder , but she make no move to rid herself of they . new angle - joey and mary 184 he rise again , see she , see the car -- imperceptibly pick up speed . joey ( continue ; intense ) now , Mary ! you have get to do it now ! 185 @ iss 187 188 189 ern 190 191 192 60 . close - mary 185 she do . angle - car : 186 it lurch forward in a sudden burst of motion , head directly toward the barn , rapidly gain momentun . angle - joey 187 stare , awestruck . angle - nazis 188 hear the motion , they spin around . the car rush past they , quiet as a sailboat . momentarily shake by this unexpected sight , they forget to act . angle - joey and mary : 189 - he leap from the crater , almost explosively . joey ( continue ; a victorious shout ) yeah ! 1 ! he reach down and haul Mary out . angle - nazis 190 both of they fire . angle - car 191 two miss . one of the explosion carve a new crater in the earth , ten foot from the back of the move car . the other miss entirely , even miss the barn . no longer under Mary 's control , the car slow as it approach the entrance to the barn . new angle - scene 192 joey leap for the door handle , fling open the door , shove Mary into the car , then jump in after she . he fire up the engine , cram it into reverse , revs the motor , pop the clutch . 198 - 199 . 197 196 they spin crazily . angle = car 197 it almost rocket away , smash through a rotten fence , and out over a rugge field . : eI ee ee eer ae they get to they foot and stare in silent rage toward the by - now distant car . : angle ~ nazis long shot - car . ge 199 bounce almost merrily over the field , under the moon - light , on toward freedom . camera tilt up , way up , to include a distant helicopter , hover at first , but now beginning to move in the same direction . over this : . radio ( v.0 . ) ( filterea ) Eagle five to roost : subject vehicle under visual surveillance , head north , northeast . will advise progress . Eagle five out . i , 199a '' 1998 muvee ee 4/08 6la * fade in : ext . CITY STREET - night 199a Professor hobb ' car appear from around a corner , drive toward camera , pull to the curb and stop . traffic continue by on the driver side . Beyond the passenger side of the car be a outdoor skate rink , surround by shimmer light . int . car - night . 199 B joey and Mary sit in silence . both be dirty , exhaust , emotionally drain . joey turn to she . he 's at a loss to know what to say , but he know that he have to address the issue . joey : I can not say I know how you feel , because I do not . but if it 's 7 anything even close to what I be feel , then we have get to talk about it . okay ? will you talk to I , Mary ? : a pause . then , mary Professor hobb be dead because of I . joey no ! 7 mary if I have not come here ... if I have not meet you eee joey ocut she off ) wait a minute ! why do not we go back 'a - way . how about if I have not be bear ... or the world do not exist ... mary joey ... joey no ! let 's do it righti you want to toss some blame around ? how the brain on you planet who build the ship that get you here . how about the people that build this car , Professor hobb ' car . ( continued ) eo 199b 199c rev . dec 17/84 continued joey ( continue ) Hell , if they would design it so it could have go ten year without a oil change , she never would have : bring it into the shop , and I never would have think of go to the planetarium in the first place . : she 's dead , joey . joey yes , she 's dead . but not because ef you . you do not ask she to go out there tonight . it be she idea , she decision . ( pause ; then ) look , I do not know how thing work on you planet ... thing like life and death . but here we do not get a choice . death be the only sure thing we have get . everything else ... be up for grab . 618 * 1998 they stare at one another in silence , and then joey make a concerted effort to break the mood . he grin gently , then , . joey tell I the truth : do I look as burn - out as you do ? a pause . she nod . he start the car . joey _ ever take a bath ? she do not respond . ext . STREET - night the car drive away . 199c the 7 : rev . dec . ° 17/84 , - 62 200 ext , rural motel — night : 200 it 's a joint ; just about half a step better than a dive . stewy 's car pull into the lot . 201 int . motel room -. night 201 joey and Mary be stand in the tiny bathroom , stare at the water pour into the tub . she seem a bit uncertain . mary I just ... sit in 1t ? - joey 7 a well yeah , sort of . you can do : @ lot of thing . you can read @ book ; just kind of relax ; wash up ... ; c he trail off . she 's get the picture . she nod . @. joey | ( continue ) | okay ? yes. okay . and without further tadoo , and in complete innocence , she pull she sweater up and off over she head , and then immediately begin to unfasten she bra . joey almost jump . . _ joey no , no , wait ! , hos 7 , Mary stop , stare at he quizzically . he feel | ridiculous . he might actually be blush . he stammer . joey ( continue ) well , it 's just that ... well , we do not ... he 's save by stewy 's knocking on the front door , and ee. then he voice : i ' ( continued ) 63 . 201 continued : 201 ( stewy ( 0.s. ) hey , joey ! you in there ? joey turn back to Mary . joey that 's stewy . I better go let - he in . Mary nod . joey nod . he back out of the bathroom and politely close the door -- with profound relief . he take a beat to compese himself , then cross to the door and open it . 202 + favor stewy 202 he walk in without speak . he 's carry two grocery bag . he glance around the room . he see the light i glow from beneath the bathroom door . stewy the she-creature in there ? joey ci Mary 's in there , if that 's who to you mean . she 's take a bath . e stewy no kid ? they take bath on she planet , too ? he drop : the bag on the bed , point to one of they : stewy ( continue ) pant , shirt , underwear , sock , shave thing . joey thanks . stewy ( point to the other bag ) the only way I get Grace to part with that stuff be by tell she she would be the only woman on she block loaning clothes to a martian . joey make a conscious effort to ignore the cynicism . be ) . ( continued ) 202 continued rev : Nov. 8/84 joey thank Grace for I . stewy do not mention it . he withdraw a plastic zippere bag and display it . ba stewy the makeup be Grace 's idea . hal joey nod he appreciation . stewy put the cosmetic 7 bag aside and pull a couple of beer from one of ‘ad the bag . he offer one to joey . then , eyeball . the room again ; i stewy Nice place . ial he suddenly lash out and slap he hand down on . goue crawl thing . stewy get friendly with the regular ? joey zi only have eighteen buck on I . stewy yeah ? in a place like this , that ought to be good for a week . ( sip ; then ) so , tell I about the goddess : she like take bath ? or maybe she see that movie , you know ? about the mermaid ? splash ? ( glance toward the bathroom door ; nod to himself ) think about it . joey what she like , I think , be try new thing . stewy ( shrug ) when in Rome ... joey ( xzemember ) she start take off she clothes , right in front of I , like it do not mean a thing . I have to tell she we do not do that here . 7 stewy who do not ? 64 202 en7 65 . continued ( 2 ) : 202 joey / you know what I mean . | stewy ' how far do she get ? '' joey not far . stewy so you do not see anything ? i joey what d' you mean , I do not see anything ? what be I suppose to see ? stewy what be you , a cabbage - head all of a sudden ? the girl 's suppose to be from another planet , right ? do not it ever occur to you that something might be different ? a thoughtful pause all around . then , shaking he head : joey forget that . he sip he beer , try to do as he preach , but it 's not easy . he 's get to admit , even if it 's only to himself , that it 's a provocative consideration . then , lowering he voice : stewy I suppose you realize what we have get here . joey what ? stewy I mean , that stunt with the snow ... he make a wavy - hand gesture that he accompany with a slightly musical sound : outer limit . stewy ( continue ) she have Ralph and I talk to ourselves for the rest of the day . I be put a new muffler on this caddy ? weld it in upside - down and backwards ... swear to God . ( continued ) 66 . 202 continued ( 3 ) : 202 ( joey ( nod ) be yeah , it make you wonder , alright . : stewy pull he chair closer to where joey 's sit , then lower he voice yet another notch : true - conspirator . stewy remember all that lottery ticket we buy ? all that sweep ticket ? remember all that dream we use to have ? a pause . he grin as he reach out and pat joey on the knee . stewy ( continue ) well , they be about to come true , my friend ... every last one of they . i joey stare at he . he still be not catch on . stewy ( continue ) we have get ourselves a gold mine , joey . no , strike that . we have get ourselves a diamond mine ! ( pause ; then ) you know what this lady could do for we in Atlantic City ? you kmow what she could do for we at the track ? I be talk million , joey , I be talk million and million . @rx a silence . joey 's finally catch on . he 's so personally offended he can barely speak straight . joey what be you ...? be you say we should ...? stewy , righteously indignant , sit back in he chair . stewy | hey , this be I , stewy . do not go innocent on I , alright ? okay ? we know each other . @ ( continued ) 202 continued ( 4 ) : joey ( shaking he head ) no ... no ... I do not think we do . stewy come on , man , climb down off it . we have be friend for what ... fifteen , sixteen year ? step in front of a truck for each other , right ? be I right ? ( then , almost fiercely emphatic ) I know you , joey . so do not go get holier - than - thou on I all of a sudden , will you , please ? this be the great thing that 's ever happen in any of we life . what be you go to do , toss it away ? a silence . joey ( almost calmly ) there be this friend of mine , this nice lady whose car I use to work on . she say to Mary : do you know what 's go to happen when people find out about you ? do you know how nasty it could get ? ( a pause ; then , really hurt ) I never think she be talk about you , stewy . another silence . joey stand up . joey ( continue ) : do I a favor , will you ? go home and think about it . talk to Ralph . tell he what I say . tell he how I feel . and tell he I be in trouble , stewy . I and Mary both be . stewy what d' you mean ? what kind of trouble ? joey ignore the question ; just continue on : ( continued ) 67 . 202 os 202 203 ewe awe 27 08 68 . continued ( 5 ) : 202 joey and then tomorrow morning ... if . you be with I ... come on back here and the three of we will put we head together , just like we always have , and we will figure a way out of it .- a pause , . joey ( continue ) I need you guy , stewy . I need you help . brief , uncertain silence . cur to : ext . motel ~ night : * 203 stewy exit the room , but even before he can look around , four plain clothes federal agent be literally on top of he , pin he arm , gag he mouth , arid haul he away . one of the agent reach into stewey 's jacket pocket , withdraw he car key , and toss they to another man . as they manhandle stewey away from the area , with stewey struggle helplessly , camera pan to a motel room thats on the opposite side of the parking area , directly opposite joey and Mary 's room . CUT to : ~o 204 Rev. Nov. 9/84 69 . for 's int . 2 nd motel room - night - close shot rs 204 that include a tabletop ; a two - way radio ; a portion of & reel - to-reel tape recorder , reel spin ; a burn ~ ' cigarette in a butt -fill ashtray ; two styrofoam cup of coffee ; and the arm and hand of two man , play from the radio : radio ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) eaglethree to roost . subject 7 apprehend . situation secure . returning to base . out . from the tape recorder , the SOUND of a door open , then : ; joey ( v.0 . ) how be the bath ? mary ( v.0 . ) different . still on a close shot , camera track to follow a cord from the tape recorder 's mike input , across a short distance , then to a partially open window . there , on a black - chrome stand , face out across the parking lot to the opposite wing of the motel , be a long range audio surveillance microphone . joey ( v.0 . ) you look ... fresh . mary ( v.0 . ) be that good ? ( continued ) en~ en e ~ 204 205 Rev. Nov. 9/84 continued : joey ( v.0 . ) yeah . a slow rack focus , and now we can clearly see the exterior of the unit occupy by joey and Mary . CUT to : int . motel room - night Mary stand in the bathroom doorway , wear something stewey bring for 's she . mary be this alright ? joey sure . Grace 's thing fit okay ? mary yes . it be kind of they . joey we go back a long way . 70 . 208 | 205 a silence , and then joey shake he head , sort of laugh . 7 joey ( continue ) : every once in a while I kind of forget who you be . I mean , I find myself talk to you like you be just another ... person . crazy , be not 1t ? mary I be just another person ... in my world . another silence . she cross to the bed and sit . they stare at each other . she smile gently . mary ( continue ) you would like to ask I thing . ( continued ) 205 continued : 72 . 205 joey . I guess I would , yeah . like the big one : what 's it like ... where you come from ? mary that 1s a big question . nevertheless , he wait for she answer . she trail mary ~ before I meet you , before I know the enemy have follow I here , I have two day to try to understand you world . ( pause ; then ) do you remember how quickly I be able to solve the problem Professor hobb give I ? joey - who could forget ? mary it 's because the people of my world be ... off . he help she to the point : joey smarter than we . mary I would rather say ... older than you . joey you mean you have be around longer , mary yes . and we have have time to develop certain ability . but none that human will not also develop , in they time . joey ( grin ) but right now we kind of seem like Planet of the ape , right ? she do not understand . ( continued ) @> 5 205 continued ( 2 ) : a pause . joey ( continue ) forget it . goon . . mary I have two day ... to visit you library , you museum , watch you television . joey and in two day you be able to understand we ? mary ( smile ) no . but I be able to learn you language , and some of you way . ( pause ; then ) one of the book I read be the Bible . joey the whole thing ? mary yes . and I read about ... heaven . joey ( grin ) Nice place to visit , but I be not quite ready to move in . mary what do you think heaven be like ? joey ( shrug ) a lot of lie around on cloud , smile , feel good ... not have to worry about pay the rent , catch cold , go hungry . kind of like go fishing on a summer day , kick back , have fun , dream about the cub win the world series . a pleasant silence . she stare at he level slowly , he seem to understand . his expression change to one of total awe . ly . then , ( continued ) t2. 205 ( 205 206 207 208 209 210 Rev. Nov. 20/84 73 . continued ( 3 ) : : 205 joey ( continue ; quietly ) that 's what you world be like ? Heaven ? a pause . then , look away , perhaps try to hide she grief : ; 7 " +t mary that 's what my world be like ... before the enemy come . _ favor joey 206 the magnitude of she loss settles over he like a suffocating fog . he move beside she , reach out , gently take she into he arm , hold she . cuT to : int . 2 nd motel room - night - close - tape recorder 207 the reel continue to spin even though there 's only silence now . close = man' hand 208 a cigarette be crush out in the overflow ashtray . cuT to : ext . motel - night 209 there be no light from any of the room now . only the neon sign continue to glow , and one small light from the motel 's office . int . motel room - night ° : 210 Mary be still seat on the bed . joey be stand by the window , peek through the blind . he turn toward Mary . joey do you say something ? ( continued ) Rev. Nov. 20/84 for 73a * +> 220s contrnue : * 210° mary no . e@ joey 's confuse . joey be you sure ? mary yes . I be only think . a pause . joey 's still confuse . he shake he head . joey I could have swear I hear you say something . Mary merely watch he . joey move away from the window . then hesitantly : joey there 's something I have be want to ask you . ( pause ; then ) do man and woman in you world ...? ) e~- 210 continued : he do not complete the question , but she understand hin . mary no. joey not at all ? I mean ... never ? mary no. joey I do not understand . how do you have kid ? mary in way not unlike some of that you be beginning to experiment with on earth . ' joey you mean , artificially ? mary except when something 1s do a certain way for so long , it ° be not consider artificial , but natural . joey you do not have parent ? mary we have many parent ... and many child . but no one have only one parent , or one child . joey what about love ? mary yes ... we love ; but not with any great feel toward one , than toward another . joey turn away and lie back on he pillow . joey it 's hard to figure . a silence . ( continued ) ta , 210 210 211 212 213 continued ( 2 ) : 210 will you teach I you way ? a beat , and then joey turn back to face she . he search she eye , perhaps need assurance . mary ( continue ) I be part of you world now . : help I to feel it . i a final hesitation , and then joey begin to do as she 's i ask ... so gently , so purely that it 's as if he 's experience it for the very first time ; aware of , and willing to accept , the profound weight of he responsibility . after a moment , but with the sound of they lovemake continue in the b.g. , camera slowly drift away from they and toward the window . there , it peek through a : crack in the blind , and then -- as it do once before , ! but from the opposite wing of the motel court -- it 7 rack focus to include the darken window across the way . CUT to : ext . motel - day 211 without the cover of night , the motel look even more decrepit . angle - motel door 212 it crack open and joey peer out , check the area . int . motel room - day 213 dress in the fresh clothes stewy bring , he turn to Mary -- who 's still in bed , under the cover , look very much at peace with she new world . joey I will be back in ten minute . do not go out , and do not open the door for anyone -- not even stewy or Ralph , okay ? she nod . ( continued ) a 213 28 215 216 217 rev : ov. 8/84 continued : 213 '' joey '' ( continue ) ; | promise I . | mary yes . I promise . he linger for a moment , stare at she . then , quickly crossing back to the bed , he lean down and kiss she . she respond , eagerly . he reluctantly pull away . joey ( grin ) talk about a fast learner ... she smile . he cross back to the door , peek out again , then set the latch , step out , close the door behind he . we hear the bolt close . ext . motel - day 2 i4 joey walk , then jog around to the back of the motel -- glance more than once over he shoulder . ext . rear of motel - day 215 we see where joey park the Professor 's car , half - hide between a pair of garage . he unlock it , get in , drive off . camera tilt up to include a helicopter , so high above that its engine can not be hear , and barely more than a brief gleam in the sky . cuT to : int . motel bathroom - day - 216 Mary be stand in front of the sink and mirrore * medicine cabinet . from the angle we be shoot we * can not get a direct look at she face . we know , however , * that she 's apply makeup , because lot of it be . scattered all over the sink top . ial new angle - mary * 217 still a teasing shot , we can not quite see what she 's - do . sn 218 218-a 218-b rev : Nov. 8/84 77 . angle - bathroom door * 218 it voilently burst open as two man leap into the room and two other cram the doorway , each armed withan uzi. close ~ mary * 218-a she whirl around , and for the first time we see she face . she 's create a mask of makeup which be at once charming and - surely through the eye of the fed - frightening . new angle - scene * 218-b one of the agent show he identification . man - Federal Agents , miss . please do not try to resist . Mary stare at the four very nervous-look man , and the four seapon aim at she . she look like a young girl who 's be play with she mother 's makeup . either that , or someone from another planet . fade out . end of act four 219 220 221 222 223 224 78. fade in : oan ext . motel - day 219 joey , return , pass it by -- check the area , always on guard . he turn the car anto the alley . ext . rear of motel ~ day 220 joey park the car where it be earlier , hop out with a restaurant - bag of breakfast food . he head toward the motel . ext . motel room - day 221 continue to survey the area , he approach the door , fishing for he key . he unlock the door and step in . int . motel room - day 222 he seem to sense she absence even before he can confirm it . the room be empty ; the bathroom door partially ajar . joey Mary ? he toss the bag onto the bed , run across the room and shove open the bathroom door . find the room empty , he whirl around . joey ( continue ; a craze shout ) Mary ? ext , motel - day 223 he run from the room and out into the parking area . joey ( continue ) Mary ?! Mary ?! int . motel office - day 224 the door fly open as joey burst in , wild - eye . 225 226 79 . pavor manager 225 he 's a tough - look man in he forty , unshaven , wear soile pants and a sleeveless T-shirt . joey ( continue ; in a@ rage ) where 's the girl ?! : manager what girl ? joey I come in here last night with @ girl ! I leave she in the room ten minute ago and now she 's go ! who take she ?! manager sorry , pal . do not see a thing . joey almost launch himself across the counter , grab the man by the shoulder in a vice- like grip . joey if you be lie to I , I will kill you ! the two man glare at each other . then , without give a inch to fear , the manager reach up and yank joey 's hand free . manager what I say be : I do not see a@ thing . a brief , dangerous silence . ext . motel - day 226 joey run back out of the office and into the center of the U -shape court . joey ( bellow ) Mary ?! Mary ?! he 's like a wild animal that 's lose its mate ; like a lion that 's lose its cub . we feel he wrenching pain ; and even more , he deadly anger . CUT to : rev : Nov. 8/84 80/81 . 227 - 230 omitted * 227 : : * 226 7 ; * 229 ° e * 230 a . ; 231 ext . lake michigan shore = day 231 joey and Ralph be alone , sit on some rock , the two of they stare out across the lake , the city loom behind they . the atmosphere be desolate . for a@ moment , just the distant shriek of bird . | - ralph : | . : . suppose I believe you ... what then ? joey . ( shake he head ) cc I do not know . _@ ralph : we could go to the cop ; tell ' they . : joey they would lock we both away . I | for murder ; you for believe | I , ralph then what do we do , huh ? sit around skip stone across the lake ? ( viciously quiet ) where the hell be stewy , man ?! who 's get he ? what be they do to he ? 232 favor joey * , 232 a pause , and then he turn -- suddenly -~ and rivet he gaze at Ralph ... or through Ralph . 233 234 235 236 @>7 favor ralph uneasy , almost scared . ralph ( continue ) what 's wrong with you ? what be you look at I like that for ? close - joey he turn away from Ralph , but he stare actually intensify . close - ralph watch joey , he feel a chill . he shake it off . new angle - scene joey stand up . Ralph do not take he eye off he . ralph . ( continue ) joey ? you okay , man ? joey turn to he . the tension in he face seem to drain away . his normal focus return . he look at Ralph , actually see he now . joey she 's in the Federal Building . ralph what ? joey it be the fed who get she . and now they be hold she there . ralph ( wary ) how d' you know that ? joey stare at he evenly . joey I know . it 's in he voice , in he manner . Ralph sense it : joey do know . 82. 233 234 235 236 @> 237 favor joey 83 . 237 joey ( continue ) there 's a room ... not a office but a room , big room . there 's elght , ten , maybe twelve people in there -- all of they stare at she , jabber at she . ralph what 's she tell they ? joey ( pause ; he shake he head ) nothing . ( grin , proud of she ) she 's not give a inch . ralph what about stewy ? can you see - stewy ? joey pause , try to perceive the answer . then , brighten : joey yeah . he 's in there somewhere . too . and he 's okay . he 's okay . he look back at Ralph . Ralph look away , feel uneasy . a silence . joey ( continue ) she 's in there , Ralph . I will bet my life on it . they both be . Sixth floor . ralph yeah ? well , you life 's not go to be worth two cent , you try and bust in there . it would be easier get into Fort knox . then , quietly , but grimly , intent : joey she 's talk to I , Ralph . she do not have to be here , she do not have to speak ... ( more ) ( continued ) 237 238 239 240 continued : 237 joey ( cont would ) she do not even have to open she mouth . but I can hear she . I can hear she in my head , just as plain as day . a beat , and then joey suddenly turn and begin walk away . ralph hey ! where be you go ? new angle - scene 238 joey keep walk , do not even @lance back . his look of determination be almost ferocious . joey go to get she , Ralph . I be go to spring she . ralph ( shouting now ) you be crazy , man ! you can not just go waltzing into the Federal Building ! joey ( half under he breath ) let them try and stop I . he keep walk . Ralph look frustrated to the point of tear , CUT to : ext . federal build - day 239 a institutional - gray facade . joey walk in . camera pan to include the gray mercede with the tinted window as it pull to the curb , a quarter of a block away . a beat , and then the door open and the two Nazis step out . cur to : int . federal build , lobby - day 240 people move in and out . one security guard man the information desk . ( continued ) 240 241 242 243 244 245 246 at 85 . continued : 240 two other guard monitor a raile passage through which all visitor must pass to gain access to the building 's elevator . it 's immediately evident that no one be admit without a identity card or pass . favor joey of 24 . he stall , stand alongside the large office directory , he tension very apparent as he watch the routine , the display of pass , the guard admission . new angle - joey 242 he move away from the office directory and begin toward the guard , walk casually , slowly , not really clear as to what he will say or try to do . but now , a sudden break : angle - scene 243° a alarm bell go off , a harsh , clanging sound that immediately gather everyone 's attention . then , from one of the two - way radio the guard wear in holster around they wait , a garble communication . favor joey 2aky he stop dead in he track . be 1t he ? have they already spot he ? he look around , scared half to death . angle - guard 245 one of they shout to the security man at the information counter : guard take it over ! now ! he indicate they station , and now both guard immediately turn and race off toward the fire stair , abandon they post . favor joey 246 he turn to look toward the security guard . he 's a older man , a slow - move fellow , who must extricate himself from behind he counter . it will take a few second , precious second , during which the main post will be vulnerable . 248 249 249a 250 251 ~ '' wap image gneniie ater oye . joey keep beara he oboe ' the railing d almost fly toward the elevator . the elevator operator close the door in joey 's face . joey watch in _ anguish as the elevator rise out of sight . .*~ angle - security guard - a * he tug at he gun . angle = joey ut : oe he run for the stair and charge up . new angle .- joey ; * he take the stair two and three at a time . : : joey ce I be come to get you , Mary . . just hang on . int . federal build , 3rd floor hall - day * joey appear at the top of the stair . a number of employee pass here and there . get he rag breathe under control , joey begin down the hall . close tracking shot - joey * his eye flit from one side of the hall to the other . a endless number of door ; the sameness almost stupifying . joey ( muttere ) where be you , Mary ? tell I where you be ? shee 248 249 249 k 250 251 pr tet es fe egc | — — — @ ~ pe 256 oo bt. 252 8 now suddenly open . joey spin around , : pas momentarily frightening the secretary who step out . he . try to force a apologetic smile . the secretary do not seem all that reassure . she walk away , in the opposite direction . ~ W ... v. athe ss : tracking with joey = ms - beet |. 253 he continue down the hall , and again issue the ; whisper plea : ; '' a ; ; =f '' Sony * hi ( continue ) eet come on , Mary . I be here . I be close . give I a clue talk to I ! + ; new angle - scene : . oe 254 another door open unexpectedly , and again joey whirl - - around . a grim -face man in civil servant 's suit step out , glaring briefly at joey as if he be he worst enemy . but now : ; : stewy ( 0.s. ) - ( a shout ) joey ! joey look past the man and into the . room he 's come from . - angle - stewy ae 355 he leap from a chair and try to run toward the open door , but two other man , federal agent , grab he and hold he back . : : stewy ( continue ) get outta here , man ! be you crazy ?! get the hell outta here ! new angle - scene 256 joey immediately start for the open door , but the man who be stand there suddenly duck back into the room and slam the door in he face . joey pound on the door . 7 heke ( continued ) + or nae a sst sit ee the cere ae oe ee ern eat ee a ee 88 .* 256 oey 's ( shouting ) btewy ! ' stewy ?! 257 another angle - scene | 257 , people throughout the hallway have stop ' and 's turn to look . joey step back from the door . all eye be upon '' 258 angle - FIRE door ss et 258 it fly open and several agenta step into view . - 259 close ~- joey - ss at | 7 ; have eee a 259 he whirl around to look the other way . '' ele - 260 angle ~ pire door have 260 on opposite end of hallway . it , too , burst open , and three more agent step into the hall . pe 261 favor joey deet 261 ig trapped . £ = gr - '' 262 new angle - scene coe - 262 pie . the agent begin advance from both end of the hall . the civilian in the hall step aside , step back , clear the way . joey run to the close door , try the knob , find it lock . he race to the next . the agent be close in . joey try the next door ; it , too , be lock . he race back across the hall and throw himself at a third door . this one be not lock . it open . joey leap in . : 263 int . room in federal build - day 263 joey slam the door shut , fumble with the lock , throw he weight against the door , then turn to face the interior of the room . : 2 rome ae reser : sate jay yate ree seh | | | | | | ~ 264 265 266 267 268 rev : Nov. 8/84 89 . angle - mary 264 she sit alone at one end of a mammoth conference table in this stark , cold , windowless room . she look small , * terribly vulnerable . close - joey 265 his heart go out to she . but nowhe sense something , sense danger . he turn . angle - glass wall 266 the wall be as dark as night -- until it slowly begin to brighten , and finally to reveal what 's behind it : which be another room . there be a dozen people in this room , all of they stand behind the glass partition , all of they dress in bureaucratic clothing , wear bureaucratic expression , and stare -- with bureaucratic insincerity -- at joey . favor joey 267 he look away from they and toward Mary , as if for understanding . favor spokesman 268 he 's the major bureaucrat , 7 * when he speak , he voice be not hear * directly , but through a speaker mount on a wall in joey and Mary 's side of the room . : spokesman thank you for come , joey . we have be wait for you . anxiously . ( pause ; then ) I hope they do not make it too hard for you to get in . he smile , gently . a brief , stun silence . fade out . end of act five cc 269 act_six pade in : int . office , federal build - day nothing have change . everyone be still where they be . joey be not like it at all . joey who be you ? spokesman a friend . joey yeah ? why do not I believe you ? he turn , unlock the door , try to open it . it 's securely lock from the hall side . he look back at the spokesman and the dozen other bureaucrat , shield behind the glass wall . spokesman ( he 's never threaten ) we colleague , Professor hobb , a distinguished scientist and a remarkable woman , be dead . with respect to she memory , and so that she will not have die in vain , we be ask for you cooperation . joey turn to Mary , then back to the spokesman . joey ( truthfully ) I do not have the slight idea of what you be talk about , man . a pause . the dozen bureaucrat flanking the spokesman stare at joey like a silent Greek chorus . spokesman we have be aware of ... Mary ... since she arrive on we planet several day ago . joey ( shocked ) what ? ( continued ) 90 . 269 269 270 271 272 273 91 . continued : 269 spokesman it would have be quite easy to have ... detain she .._ but a decision be make -- a good one , I think -- merely to watch and , of course , to monitor , the young lady 's activity . favor joey 270 it 's get through to he tow . we see the dawn in he expression . joey you have be watch we ? favor spokesman 271 if he sense joey 's grow outrage , he do not show it . he continue , cool as a cucumber . spokesman and hope to continue to do the same . with you cooperation , of course . pavor joey 272 he stare at the man , beginning to hate he . joey the same meaning what ? spokesman clinical observation . joey begin walk toward the glass wall . spokesman ( continue ) we be not gather here for we amusement , but in the name of scientific exploration . new angle - scene 273 joey stand at the glass wall , separate from the spokesman only by the two inch of glass between they . his voice 4s unsteady now , he anger extreme . ( continued ) er 273 274 275 92 . continued : 273 joey like watch rat in a cage ... spokesman . that be not fair . joey running around the hoop and the maze ... spokesman I be confident that you be a bright enough young man to see the ... joey no chancel he do not say it loudly , but the emphasis be inescapable . there 's a dead silence . spokesman if you will just let we ... favor joey 274 he explode , beat at the glass wall with he hand , kick it with he foot , bellow at the spokesman and the other : joey no chance ! d' you hear ? not a chance ! he continue to bash at the glass wall , but it do not give a inch . now , though , the light in the room beyond the glass begin to fade . the spokesman and the dozen other -- watch impassively , clinically -- slowly disappear in darkness . joey continue to shout at they , he voice grow hoarse . and then , finally , he stop -- exhaust , sweat -- and turn to face Mary . new angle - scene 275 there be tear in she eye . mary I be sorry . a beat , and then joey suddenly move away from the glass , quickly cross the room , sit down beside she , take she hand in he . e-> 93 . 276 tight two shot - joey , mary 276 joey ( intense , but quiet ) no more apology . okay ? no more . a beat , and then Mary nod . joey glance over he shoulder at the dark glass wall , then turn back to Mary and move even closer to she . joey ( continue ; whisper ; a almost painful urgency this morning , when I come back to the motel and you be go , I know that I would be wait for you all my life . and even if I could never keep you , I have to see you again . I have to touch you again . she search he eye . mary why do you say that ? about not be able to keep I ? joey because I know the future , Mary . just like you do . she look down , tear in she eye again . he hold she hand even more tightly . joey ( continue ; still whisper ) we connect , you and I . I hear you talk to I this afternoon , even though we be mile apart . and I can hear you now ... loud and clear . ( pause ; then ) you be go home . she look up at he through she shimmer eye . he wipe a tear from she cheek . mary do you understand why ? ( continued ) 276 277 278 279 280 281 282 continued : ( nod ) I think so . but I want to hear it from you . only not now . not here . he glance over he shoulder again at the glass .- then , turn back to Mary : joey ( continue ) can you get we out of here ? favor mary a beat . she glance around the room , then back at joey , and she nod . joey stare at she . God only know what she 's plan . a drop of perspiration have appear on she forehead . angle ~ glass wall we see nothing beyond the darkness , but we can sense the watch eye . 94 . 276 277 278 new angle - favoring mary 279 as we have see before , the slight hint of strain in she expression , favor converence table 280 it 's five foot wide and twenty foot long . it begin to tremble . favor joey 281 he would be lean on it , but now , as if he 's be electrically shocked , he jerk away . intercut - mary , joey , table , glass wall 282 the tremble intensify and soon become a genuine rumbling . joey move away from it in awe . Mary continue to apply the energy . ( continued ) 282 283 284 285 286 287 rev : Nov. 8/84 95 . continued : 282 and now , not too gracefully , the massive table begin to vise off the floor : two inch , five , ten ! Mary stand up , but she focus remain on the levitate table . joey 's eye be darting around the room , from Mary to the glass wall . . angle - glass wall 283 it , too , have start to tremble . and now , as the commotion intensify , the huge piece of glass begin to crack , and the SOUND of it be like gunshot . new angle - scene ' 284 the glass do not break apart , but shatter nontheless . the table , however , literally fly across the room , slam into the opposite wall , and explode through it -- . create a gape hole . int . adjacent office . 285 there be several people in this office , all of they now pale and tremble in they seat as they stare at the massive table protrude through the wide hole in they office wall . and now , as if that be not enough , joey and Mary suddenly leap through the open and into they office , do not even bother to glance they way , run for the office door , open it , and leap out into the hallway . : int . room in federal build - day * 286 the door burst open and four agent burst in , each armed with a automatic rifle . they immediately begin to run toward the shattered wall . spokesman' voice no ! the agent stop , turn . angle - spokesman * 287 the light come on behind the shattered glass wall and we see the spokesman , now alone , he face distort through the shade of glass . spokesman no shoot . there 's to be no shoot . brief pause . 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 295 rev : Nov. 8/84 scene omitted scene omitted scene omitted 7 scene omitted scene omitted scene omitted CUT to : 96 . 288 289 290 291 292 293 int , federal bldg . ; staircase - various location - day 294 intercutting between joey and Mary and the federal agent , all of they racing up the concrete stair toward the building 's roof . ext . federal build , roof - day the fire door be flung open and joey and Mary appear , breathless , gasp . ( continued ) 295 297 e g Fe [ 299 fa ' 300 4 301 302 jor a | pe oro '' bfr and , run with she : to - one edge of the roof . new angle | - oey , mary they peer over the edge . joey I do not suppose you can fly ..? , can you ? ; Mary shake she head , seo , joey take she hand . * new angle - scene 7 they run to another side of the roof and look over . it 's a long drop to a lower level of roof . joey can you jump ? Mary do not look happy . joey grin with assurance , climb over the edge . new angle - scene . bal joey lower he body over the side , hesitates , then let go . he drop twenty foot . another angle - scene ae joey 's okay . he look up at Mary . * joey come on . I will catch you . * close - mary * she 's frighten . a sound behind she . she look . * angle - door 7 it open to reveal the fed . : * 1a angle - mary she climb over the edge and drop . joey slam the door shut , look around , grab Mary 's 297 298 299 300 301 302 304a 304b 304c 305 306 306 a they run to ' the edge and look down . angle - joey and act Band in hand they race across the roof . and disappear behind a structure ... angle - feds : pele * they be reluctant to make the twenty foot arop bd the lower roof . angle - joey , mary al * they see a partially open window . joey crawl in , help Mary in . cur to : int . conference room - day ; * the spokesman speak to someone over the phone .. * spokesman I want every man who 's available '' to we ! every vehicle , every piece '' of equipment . do I make myself * clear ? and I want they now ! bal CUT to : int . stair - joey and Mary race down . : 7 ext . fed . build rear exit - day bad the door burst open as joey and Mary leap out . 7 304 304a 304b 304c 305 . 306 306 pele prohe on that a ot mh '' i 307 new angle — scene — 307 the two of they be racing toward a corner and be a | split - second from round it when the Nazis appear . ! Mary cry out . the Nazis be briefly catch off guard . joey 's pace never falter and he plow directly into they , straight - arming the two of they , knock they both flat onto they back . 308 309 310 311 312 100 . favor weapon 308 the gun under one Nazi 's belt be dislodge and clatter across the sidewalk . joey almost dive for it , grab it , spin around and aim it at the two Nazis . agent ( 0.s. ) hold it ! joey look . favor agent 309 they be twenty - five yard away , poise in fire position . favor joey 310 ignoring the Nazis and the agent , he grab Mary 's hand , tug she toward he , and the two of they race around the corner and disappear . new angle - scene 311 the agent start run toward the corner . the Nazis leap to they foot and burst away in the opposite direction . favor agent 312 they arrive at the corner in a mass of confusion , look one way , then the other . joey and Mary have lose themselves in the crowd , as have the Nazis . agent ( profoundly frustrated ) damn ! fade out . end of act six 313 i 328 @ ( 315 Rev. Nov. 12/84 101 . act_seven fade in : ht : omitted : oe 313 . = int . pool room 7 : 314 it 's Friday night and the joint be jump . joey and Mary have just enter and be work they way across the crowded flood to the bar . joey 's a popular fellow and everyone seem to know he and greet he warmly . Mary , of course , be a newcomer , and she exotic beauty do not go unnotice . she smile in she shy way , break heart leave and right . 7 joey call to frankie , the owner . = 7 joey frankie ? can I use the office ? frankie nod . a * joey ( continue ) thanks . how ' bout you car ? frankie how ' bout pay my tax ... while you be at 1t ? =o joey it 's important . so 's my paint job . there 's a brief standoff , and then frankie relent , reach into he pocket , toss joey the key . joey you be a saint . cur to : int . frankie' office - night 315 joey and Mary enter , joey close and lock the door behind then . ( continued ) a ) 315 316 102 . continued : 315 the office be a mad clutter of sport memorabilia : frame glossy , autograph ; press clipping , yellow with age ; bat , ball , ancient leather mitt , a rusty catcher 's mask , and more . Mary take it all in . joey ( understanding ) 7 frankie 's kind of a sport nut . and now he sort of flop down on the crack naugahide couch , he profound weariness suddenly overtake he . a moment , and then Mary sit beside he . she take one of he hand in hers . mary there 's very little time leave . joey nod , know it . favor mary 316 . mary ( continue ) when I come here I be afraid . I would run away from everything and everyone I know ... because I could see no other way . but then I meet you , and see the way you live you life , and see how you be ready to fight and even die for what you believe in , and just as ready to fight for I -- who you barely know . ( pause ; then I feel ashamed . you have so much courage , joey . so much dignity . and I have be a coward : run , hide , pretend I could forget everything I have if I could only get far enough away from it . ( another pause ; then ) what you have show I , what you have teach I , I now have to find a way to teach the people of world . because if I do not ... if I can not ... that world will end ... and I will be as much to blame as we enemy . joey 's make a extraordinary effort to control he emotion . ( continued ) @>5 316 317 318 103 . continued : 316 his heart be be rip to shred , but he will not allow himself to succumb to the pain ... not now , anyway . joey do you know where they ship be ? mary yes . joey can we get there in time ? mary we have to . a pause . joey do we have any time at all ? she stare at he , understanding he meaning . she 7 move back into he arm . they kiss passionately , desperately , as they entwine body slowly sink onto the cushion of the couch . CUT to : ext . road - night 317 frankie 's car , drive by joey , speed down a rural road . int . moving car - night 318 mary what will happen to you , after I be go ? joey you mean with the fed ? mary yes . joey well , I kind of imagine they be just a little upset with I right now . but they ought to cool off ... I guess . after a while , anyway . a pause . ( continued ) 318 319 104 , continued : 318 : mary I want to tell you some thing , about my world , so that you can tell then . joey what kind of thing ? mary Ways of extend life ... of increase the rate of plant growth ... of develop new form of energy ... of control disease ... of space travel ... joey ( awed ) you have answer to all that ? mary yes . and soon you will , too . joey but how ? there be not time . I would never even learn part of it . mary ( patiently ) listen to I : just like we be able to communicate before , without speak , I be go to give you as much of my knowledge as ican . and after I have , it will be the same as if that knowledge have always be within you . it will be you knowledge , joey ... in exchange for all you have give I . he glance at she , still unsure , very uneasy . she smile , reassuringly . he look back through the windshield at the road . close - mary 319 she settles back in she seat , then close she eye . she seem instantly at peace . camera slowly pan to include joey , stare straight ahead , as they speed on through the night . but the transfer of intelligence have already begin . ~e = 320 321 322 323 324 325 awve aw uve 07 of ‘205 - ext . road ~ night 320 the headlight pierce the gloom like beacon of wisdom . cuut to : ext . warehouse - night 7 * 321 a number of dark , angular structure , abandon long ago . int . warehouse - night * 322 frankie 's car drive into one of the hulk , empty building , slow , then stop . joey turn off the light . int . car - night * 323 joey stare straight ahead through the windshield , - confuse , even awed by what he see . joey be that ... the ship ? mary ( nod ) yes . a beat , and then joey exit the car - Mary do the same . new angle - favouring joey * 324 he stare at the outer space ship . clearly , it must be something unlike anything he might have expect . angle ship * 325 forty yard away , it hover motionlessly about eighteen inch off the floor , backlit by moonlight stream in through a row of enormous window . it 's a gloriously simple creation , barely more than ten foot high and five foot wide , a pair of triangular - shape glow glass tube connect at the base by a third tube , this one a oval . it look like a piece of kinetic sculpture , shimmer with it 's neon - like gass in ice-cream colour . e>» kev . NOV . 8/84 105 a favour joey * 326 he remain in quiet awe of this object . joey ( almost whisper ) I do not understand . you travel in that ? : mary yes . joey but it 's ... nothing . it 's open . it do not have any wall , any seat , any engine , any control ... mary no . but we do travel in it ... like light . he stare at she , still very unsure . joey it 's one of you ship ? mary yes . they 's be very primitive . they could not have come this far in one of they own . ( pause ; then ) they have very little compare to we . which be why they want we world ... and take it . ( continued ) 326 106 . continued : * 326 a silence . joey search the surround darkness . joey do you think they be here ? she look at he . then , almost as if it 's a test : mary do you ? a beat . he look around again , this time let himself " sense " the area , as well as see it . then , nodd : joey yeah . but I do not think they be together . a silence , as they both try to pin down the enemy 's location . then , take she by the arm , he gently turn she toward he . joey ( continue ) we do not have the time to play cat and mouse with they . I have get to smoke they out ... draw 7 they fire . | mary no , joey there 's no other way . how long will it take you to get off the Ground , once you be inside ? mary it 's almost immediate . joey alright . then you be go to have to be ready to make a run for 1t . okay ? she do not speak . he pull she against he . she wrap she arm around hin , fiercely . then , grin through he own tear ; . joey ( continue ) will you write ? ( continued ) 326 e > 327 328 ° 329 330 ~ 331 continued reve of of 107 . ha 326 ; mary as long as we live , we will always be together . she lift she face to he and kiss he , and this time it 's as if they will never part . but then , when they do : joey will you come back ? ever ? mary * how long will you wait for I ? joey as long as there 's hope . mary then hope . always hope . they kiss again , even more 4ntensely . and then , in the most selfless act he 's ever make , joey break away from she and run . new angle - scene ; * 327 he 's like a dark streak , racing across the emptiness , have no idea when -- or even 4 for -- a attack will be launch . angle - nazi . 328 he step out from the cover of he hide place . " close - mary * 329 mary ( continue ) joey !!! angle - joey 7 330 he do not take the time to look , just hit the floor * and roll like a tumbler . the night brighten with the explosion from the Nazi 's gun . the wall twenty foot * in front of joey erupt like a volcano . closer - joey 7 331 he continue he roll and come up on one imee , aim and fire . 332 333 334 335 336 337 338 339 . rev . o/ o % 108 . angle - nazi * 332 a direct hit . the Nazi , along with whatever he be stand near , be pulverize in a flame , thunder explosion . angle - joey * 333 he drop back down to the ground . - joey ( shouting ) now , Mary ! run ! run ! angle - mary * 334 she race from the safety of she hide place , run directly for the ship . close - joey : 7 335 he scan the area , desperately look for a clue to the other Nazi 's position . angle — ship * 336 the second Nazi be suddenly there , directly in front of it . close - mary * 337 she stop abruptly , stare in horror . mary joey !!! angle - joey 7 338 he whirl around , prepare to fire . new angle - scene 7 339 the Nazi stand 2 fi front of the ship , . joey 's weapon aim directly at he . joey ( a anguish , frustrated cry ) I can not shoot ! if he go , so will the whole ship ! ee 340 341 342 343. 344 345 Rev. NOV . &/84 109 . close - nazi poe 340 for a instant , he almost seem to smile . but it 's a chill expression , more like the rictus grin ofa corpse . and then he slowly raise he hand , and in it , another weapon , aim not at Mary , but joey . extreme close - up - mary . 341 mary nott ! angle - na2i * 342 as , doubtlessly for the first time in she life , Mary use she power to destroy a live creature , and the Nazi seem to blow apart from the inside out . angle - joey hal 343 he 's momentarily staggered by the sight . angle - mary . . 344 she turn she head away . wider angle - scene * 345 joey run to she , take she into he arm , hold she . she look at the ruin around they . mary ( continue ) be this the price of freedom ? a beat . joey nobody can answer that but you , ( pause ; then ) but you better figure it out before you get home . she look up at he , she face shimmer with tear , then reach out and touch he cheek as she do once before -- as he teach she . in the b.g. , the distant thud of helicopter rotor . she break away and run to the ship , and step into it where she , too , seem to hover eighteen inch above the warehouse floor , surround by the delicate tube of coloured light . * 0d ee ; 346 347 348 349 350 351 352 353 354 355 close - joey 7 we can see the pain in he expression . angle - mary * a beat , and then she slowly disappear . angle - joey * we see he lip form she name , but no sound come out . favour - ship * it 's immerse in new light , laser - like beam , radiant , almost blind . and now the entire shape begin to rise off the floor , the light move with it . close - joey , * there be tear in he eye . various angle - scene 7 the light hover over the floor , float gaily , turn , then suddenly accelerate . close - joey bad he 's terrify . angle - ship bal it speed toward the massive window and smashes directly into they . close - joey - joey ( a horrify shout ) Mary ! angle ~- window * a fantastic explosion as million of bit of glass fly outward into the night , all of they tinted by the colour of the glow ship . 346 347 348 349 350 351 352 353 354 355 109b 356 angle - joey * 356 he race across the warehouse to the destroy window and stare out . 357 close - joey * 357 '' he search the sky . for a beat , there 's nothing . but now ... 358 ext . sky ~ angle ship * 358 the light reappear , shimmer brilliantly , a kaliedescope rainbow of colour against the black sky . : 359 close ~- joey bal 359 he stare up at the light until it 's go from sight . in the b.g. , the roar and thud of the helicopter . joey look . 360 angle - helicopter 7 360 it hover a couple of hundred foot off the ground , it 's searchlight play down over the warehouse . 361 angle - joey * 361 he step back from the window , then turn to look at frankie 's car , forty yard away . ®> 362 363 364 . 365° 366 Rev. Nov. 8/84 angle - car : * it hulk there , motionless . angle - joey * a bead of perspiration appear on he forehead . angle - car * nothing . angle - joey * more sweat . angle - car * it begin to roll . 1210 . 362 363 364 365 366 367 368 369 370 371 372 373 Rev. Nov. 8/84 ill . angle - joey ; * 367 concentrate intensely , try not to smile . angle = car * 368 pick up speed , coast nicely angle - joey * 369 a grin begin to turn up the corner of he mouth . angle - car 7 370 the headlight flash on , almost merrily . angle - joey _# 371 he stand there illuminate by the headlight as the car roll to a polite stop in front of he . in the b.g. , the thunder roar of the helicopter as it set down outside the shattered window and it 's spin rotor make the dust inside the structure swirl around joey and in front of the headlight , twinkle and shimmer like a tiny but active universe . new angle - scene ; * 372 a massive steel door slide open behind joey and a dozen federal agent slowly step into the warehouse , each man armed with a automatic rifle , all of they silhouett by the light behind they . favour - joey * 373 he do not even seem to notice they as they slowly fan out in a wide semi-circle and begin they cautious approach . instead , he gaze be lock on the moon and star beyond the shattered window . and - in he mind , at least - a single pinpoint of light fade into infinity . fade out the end