station west written by Frank fenton &amp ; Winston Miller base on a novel by luke short shoot draft JULY 22 , 1947 ext . OPEN country - day fade in the sky be pure blue , exquisitely blemish by huge cumulus cloud , float lazily . a single bird sail past . from the sky the camera move to earth . here , too , all be tranquil . the tree , bright green in the sunlight , move only to the slight but constant breeze . now the camera move down , revealing a wagon to which be hitched a team of horse beside the road . the wagon be at a awkward angle , but upright . it be wedge between two rock where the horse have pull it as they try to reach some forage . its seat be empty . in the bed of the wagon several sack lie , bear the legend : from : argus mine - rock pass to : U.S. assay Office San Francisco the sack be empty and slashed as by a knife . the rope that bound they be cleanly severe . the disorder in the wagon indicate haste . two horse be hitched to it , munch grass or the high leave of a tree overhead . all that be odd or unnatural be that the rein have fall askew and trail the ground . now the camera move away and along track make by the wagon when it leave the road . on the road two horse stand . this be saddle , but riderless . the rifle holster be empty . camera move to the ground . there on the road lie the rifle . the dust be slightly blow across it , move by the persistent summery little breeze . from the rifle , the camera move on a little and stop abruptly on the sprawle dead figure of a soldier , then another , face down in the road . close shot of the dead soldier , as the camera hold on they . near the hand of one a revolver lie , the fine dust coating it . Dust blow over the uniform , as though seek to hide the shame of a murder . as it blow over they still figure , the SOUND of bird come over : fade out fade in rock pass - night this be a western mining town of the eighties that have mushroom up around a gold strike . on the street prospector and miner mingle with merchant . as the camera pick up the scene , a lumber wagon pass , bear log , a ten team wagon , its trailer fill with ore from the stamp mill and bear the legend : argus mine . a stage coach come in as we : dissolve int . HOTEL - night on the hotel clerk , as he sit behind the desk , play a guitar and sing pensively the ballad of the story . as he sing , JOHN haven , newly arrive on the stagecoach , walk in , gaze at the clerk with a slight smile , find the clerk completely indifferent to the arrival of anybody , at last leave the bag and saunter out . dissolve ext . SALOON - night as Haven leave the hotel and have reach the saloon , a well - light , plush - look spot , illumine by kerosene flare . stick a pipe in he mouth , Haven saunter in . int . charlie' SALOON - evening it be a huge elaborate room , light by overhead chandelier . a long mahogany bar run the length of it . to one side there be a big stove and the gambling table . Beyond can be see pool table in a alcove . to another side , a man grind away at a piano . a stairway near the end of the bar lead to a upper floor . the place be crowded and noisy with people . Haven saunter towards the dice table , pause , watch ; he be look the crowd over carefully -- miss no detail of the place or the people in it . when he turn come , he pick up the dice , bet all over the place -- on the line , on the odd , on the seven , then on the come , the hard way , etc . his point be eight . stickman eight the hard way ! pay the line ! Haven bet again , double all over the table . stickman Seven a winner . player glance at the newcomer . Prince appear from nowhere , stand behind the stickman , watch . Prince be slender , black -haire , handsome and impassive . Haven throw again . stellman , a Army officer , watch curiously . there be a little rise murmur as Haven toss another natural . he do it without enthusiasm or any lose movement . the bettor get down on he . Prince touch the stickman 's arm ; the man stand aside and Prince take he place with the stick . Prince toss the dice back to Haven . Haven 's eye be fix on he . with a little smile , Haven throw the dice to the next man , pick up he winning . haven no , thanks ... his eye meet Prince 's again and then he turn away , Prince 's gaze follow he curiously , stellman look at Prince . stellman know he ? prince no . why ? stellman he just seem kind of free with that money . camera follows Haven , as still smile slightly , he head towards the bar , search the face of the crowd as he go . two miner be square off for a fight and Haven , go he way , walk between they , very indifferent , not even glance back at the SOUND of scuffle behind he . at the bar - Haven alone be not watch the fight . all the other have turn to see it ; even the barman be busy watch . but Haven 's eye be rest on the figure of a woman now at the piano , sing . softly , as if to herself and for she own enjoyment . he be near the end of the bar and near the piano , and since no one else listen to she at this moment , she sing , half smile , directly for he , and then , self - consciously , she stop and turn to sit at a table , as Haven watch she . behind they the fight be be stop and Charlie 's eye follow the huge bouncer , Mick marion , as he drag the offender out to the door and the street . all be as usual . the bartender be back at work . as Haven turn , he find that the place beside he be now occupy by the young Lieutenant ( phil stellman ) . Haven glance at the uniform , then at the pleasant face of the officer , as the barman come up . haven ( to barman ) whiskey -- like you would pour it for yourself . a girl sidle up to he , blonde , brash and pretty . blonde do not you know it 's no fun to drink alone ? haven not till after the first one . he turn he back to she ; she give he a look and saunter off . the barman produce the drink -- a beer for stellman , the young officer . the barman fold he arm . stellman look at Haven . stellman you a stranger here ? haven ( to barman , after gulp it in one gulp ) what kind of whiskey be that ? barman on the bottle it say Rye -- but the way you take it , I do not see what difference it make . Haven smile at he . haven another Rye . the barman turn to get it . stellman be still look at Haven . stellman ( easily ) you do not answer my question . haven I be a stranger everywhere . stellman get a job ? the barman give Haven another Rye . haven listen , soldier . I know that one , too . get a job , stranger ? no ? why do not you join the Army ? Three meal a day , a place to sleep , a nice warm uniform -- stellman it have a little more than that . haven ( deliberately ) yeah , it have one thing more , and that 's what I could never take -- ( look at stellman 's stripe ) it 's get second -lieutenant . the barman , listen , sense trouble and signal with he eye to a big bouncer down the bar . the bouncer move up quietly . stellman if you want to make it a personal matter -- haven ( coldly ) I do not make it anything , soldier . you try to sell something and I do not buy it -- so why do not you just beat it ? they stare at each other for a long second , then stellman speak icily : stellman if I be not in uniform , I might teach you some manners . haven if you could teach I anything , you would not be in a uniform . stellman 's jaw tighten ; then he turn and exit abruptly . the barman sigh with relief ; the bouncer turn away . barman you could not be look for trouble , could you ? haven I could , but I be not . barman that 's fine , because this be one of the best place West of the Atlantic Ocean to find it . haven that be my first impression . barman ( as Haven look at he ) that Lieutenant 's a nice young boy . haven I do not doubt it , but he mouth be too big -- like you ear . he turn away from the bar , after flipping a coin on to it , while the barman stand there not know whether to be angry or philosophical . camera follows Haven , as he thread he way through the table towards the door . his eye catch sight of the girl who sing at the piano , Charlie . she be sit at a table with Prince . Prince murmur to she and she glance at Haven , then look away again . Haven note it . as he come near the table , the blonde who speak to he at the bar , accost he again . blonde how be it now ? haven what ? blonde drink alone ? haven ( flipping she a coin ) it 's all right -- try it . Haven be look at Charlie . she be check a stack of coin the blonde have turn in to she . she glance up with a fleeting smile at Haven . charlie it 's not a good habit if it make you pick fight . haven only with second lieutenant . charlie we like second lieutenant here . they gaze meet and Prince note it with narrowing eye . the gaze hold like a spell , and then Charlie 's smile come back , from nowhere . charlie you see -- here everybody fight , except the Army . Haven look at she , fascinate . she can feel a fascination herself . now Haven smile a little . haven I would not know -- charlie ( still smile ) so anyone who do not like the Army -- haven I know what you mean , but I be afraid I will have to come back . I like the way you sing . she look at he in a second 's silence . Haven turn and leave . she watch he go . Prince study she face , he own grim . a croupier come up and place a paper before she . she hardly notice it . croupier okay , Charlie ? Charlie snap out of it long enough to initial the paper . charlie that 's he limit . croupier there 's a sucker get hot with the dice at Ed 's table . he turn away . Prince sit still , he eye on Charlie , he slim finger at a habitual trick , that of idly stack dice in a little pillar and then pick the pillar aloft by hold the lowest dice pinch between the thumb and forefinger , not by the edge , but by the side . now he do it as he watch Charlie 's face . her eye glance again at the disappear back of Haven . the sense of fascination seem to have get she , too . then she realize the presence of Prince and he shrewd gaze . she look at he coolly . charlie well -- cool he off . Prince flip the dice into he palm and rise ... ext . outskirt of town - night the board sidewalk have give way to a rutty dirt road . now the racket of the saloon street be just a ghost of noise , the road dark and silent . Haven have emerge from the saloon . he glance up the street . fifty yard ahead , stellman be walk slowly . stellman pause , shoot a quick glance backwards , then go on . Haven follow , go leisurely up the street after stellman . angle on a corner as stellman turn it , pause and wait . when Haven reach it , stellman go on in silence . ext . mrs . caslon' mine - cabin - night as stellman reach it , pause and glance behind he . then he ring a bell . Haven come up and wait in silence , glance at the dark interior . a woman 's face now peer through the door window and then the door open . stellman enter quickly and Haven follow . int . mrs . caslon' mine - cabin - night as stellman and Haven follow Mrs. caslon to a rear door . look around , Haven note in the shadow a desk and in a corner the big safe . ( this room be describe in a subsequent scene . ) so as to emit the least light , Mrs. caslon let stellman and Haven go through , then quickly follow they and quickly shut the door . int . mrs . caslon' live room - night it be remarkably neat and elegant inside . as Haven , glance around , pause inside , he find himself face a burly uniform cavalry officer , captain 's bar gleam on the side of he collar . the captain be big and broad and scowling . he be stand by the fireplace and he eye be boring into Haven 's with curiosity and perhaps , suspicion . stellman step forward as Haven and the captain be measure each other . stellman Captain ile -- the command Officer of the Post . Haven give a casual nod . stellman Mr. Haven -- sir . ile look he up and down . Haven hand he a envelope which he slip into he tunic without remove he gaze from Haven . ile I see you finally get here . haven ( pleasantly ) I seem to finally get everywhere . they eye each other , ile scowling , Haven thinly smile . the sense of conflict be already between they . ile ( introduce ) Mrs. caslon , -- Mr. Haven . she nod and smile warmly . ile you have meet Mr. stellman . Haven nod . stellman it come off beautifully . he pick a very good fight . in fact , I think I be still a little sore at he . ile ( grunt ) sit down , Mr. Haven . haven thank you , Captain . he sit down . ile be still study Haven . ile so you be operate under seal order . Haven nod agreeably . ile ( disgruntled ) all this mumbo jumbo be characteristic of the military information Department . haven we use it as sparingly as possible . ile pull out a cigar , light it , size Haven up . ile I have be in this territory for a number of year -- and I think it might be a little rougher here than a suburb of Washington , d.c . haven very possibly . ile then why be m.i.d. send you out here ? haven because two soldier have be murder . ile and they think I can not handle that ? haven they merely know you have not . there be a tight little silence , while ile formulate he dislike for this newcomer . ile I have only ninety - four man on the post , with indian trouble up north . the War Department have refuse to send reinforcement , or be I boring you ? haven ( look bored ) I be not the War Department . ile ( explain ) the two soldier be kill while escort one of the gold stage . haven ( quietly ) be escort gold a function of you command ? ile Young man , the function of my command look very pretty on paper , but they be not very practical in a territory like this . do you have any illusion about that ? haven I have no illusion about anything . Haven take out he pipe and fill it . haven what 's happen to the gold ? ile I have permit it to be store in a warehouse on the post . now everybody be wait to see what I do next . haven what do you do next ? ile ( with sarcasm ) be not you here to tell I ? haven ( lighting the pipe ) Captain , you be in a bad way . ( go over to discard the match ) Wells fargo will not convoy gold . you try and fail and two man be dead . the gold be pile up on the post and you can not move it . you post be under -man . you want the quartermaster at platte to replace seventy uniform send to the freight office at West rim City -- ile the freight building burn down with the uniform ! I be not operate a fire department -- and if I be , West rim City be sixty mile away ! haven that do not concern I either . ile what do ? haven the kill of two soldier . ile they be my man , Haven , and I be try every way I know to find out who murder they . haven so will I . for the first time ile look amicably at he , as though realize that after all the man be not there to criticize he . ile you will find it harder than you think . I do not know how you operate , but it 's a dangerous job that can get you kill . he smile slightly at ile , who give he a slight smile in return , somehow intrigue by this nonchalance . Haven rise from the chair , lighting the dead pipe in vain . haven perhaps I can get some help from the sheriff . ile you can forget he . he 's a miserable man that somebody be use to keep the law a joke . haven you make it sound very difficult . why do not you just wrap up you flag and take it back East with you ? ile ( smart ) tell I , how will I know what you be do ? haven I will let you know from time to time . ile ( coldly ) that 's very obliging of you . haven but I do not want to visit the Army post . ile then report to I through Mrs. caslon here . you can be a friend of she husband 's . he own the argus mine and die last year . if that meet you approval . Haven glance at Mrs. caslon , smile back at ile . haven only if it meet with hers . mrs . caslon I would be delighted to help . ( she smile at Haven ) ile ( grim at the smile ) be that all ? haven I think so . ile march out abruptly , follow by stellman . the door shut . Haven smile after he , then at Mrs. caslon . mrs . caslon he really be not that abrupt -- he -- the door open again , smartly , ile march back in , kiss Mrs. caslon on the cheek . ile goodnight , Mary . mrs . caslon ( warmly ) goodnight , George . then he march out again , shutting the door after he . mrs . caslon you see ? haven I see . mrs . caslon I think he secretly like you . haven he 's a man who can sure keep a secret . mrs . caslon ( smile ) would you like a little sherry ? haven only if you have some too . she go over to a sideboard and pour a little from a decanter into two wine glass . Haven watch she . for the first time he realize she be a very attractive woman . she smile as she bring he the wine . haven thank you . mrs . caslon to you good luck . Haven nod and they sip . haven what mine do the two soldier try to convoy the gold from ? mrs . caslon my mine -- the argus . haven ( smile a little ) that bring I to a question I decide not to ask . mrs . caslon ( smile back at he ) then I will answer it first . Captain ile have ask I to marry he . haven I can understand that . mrs . caslon ( quietly ) but you can not understand why Captain ile should be involved in the gold business . haven ( smile ) I do now . mrs . caslon it be not just mine . you must realize there 's a lot of gold from all over the territory store at the post warehouse . haven how much . mrs . caslon perhaps as much as half a million . ( worried now ) in fact , I have about fifty thousand in my safe now . haven who be do all this ? mrs . caslon I do not know ... that 's the worst part of it ... not know . haven ( put down the glass , pat she shoulder with casual reassurance ) I might find out . he start for the door and she follow he . at the open door he pause . mrs . caslon do not get into trouble -- haven that 's why I be here . mrs . caslon I know , but -- haven do not worry about it . trouble and I be old enemy . we understand each other . ( he grin at she ) goodnight . mrs. caslon ( smile again ) good luck . Haven walk out and she close the door thoughtfully and turn away . in a moment the door open and Haven reenter and cross to she much in the manner that we have see Captain ile do so . Haven stop . haven you do not tell I you husband 's name . mrs . caslon ben. haven ( repeat it ) ben. he turn and go out the door . Mrs. caslon stand smile after he . the smile fade for a moment -- then she dismiss it with a shrug . dissolve ext . MAIN STREET - night as Haven saunter along . he pause , glance up at a sign that read : HOTEL . then he enter the dingy building . int . HOTEL - night as Haven enter the small dismal lobby , and go over to the desk , where a little man , orville weekly sit , sing to himself softly and strumm a accompaniment on a batter guitar . as Haven stand there the clerk finish the verse about the stranger . Haven nod approval . the clerk look at he shrewdly . orville evenin ' stranger . haven you must know everybody in town . orville everybody but one . I do not know you . haven what 's you name ? you seem to be a pretty clever fellow . orville orville weekly , and I can not be a total blank . I be here six year and I be not dead yet . haven have you get a vacant room ? orville Day , week , month ? haven I do not always know . and the way you talk a man could not be very sure . orville then it 's eight buck , cash in advance . Haven put down the money ; the clerk spin the registry to he , watch as Haven sign it . and he can read that way . orville from Arizona , huh ? haven no -- I always put down where I be go next -- so I will not forget . the clerk spit , hand he a key . orville room ten -- end of the hall . make you own bed . furnish you own towel . you bag 's over there . haven ( pick up the key ) thanks a lot for the key . I will be back later . Haven cross to exit into the street . dissolve int . charlie' SALOON - night as Haven enter . it be crowded . Haven pause by a table . he see Charlie at the piano sing . he see Mick cross to Prince and say something , then Prince gaze in he direction . Haven 's eye meet that of Prince suddenly turn to he , cold as glass . Charlie , see that Haven be watch and listen to she impromptu sing , stop and make she way through the crowd towards a booth off the dance floor . Haven 's eye follow she . mo . shot - of booth as Charlie sit down . a sandwich be wait for she . she take a bite of it , then glance up to see Haven stand beside the table . haven how about eat alone ? be that a bad habit too ? charlie just when you have to pay for it . haven it 's only money . ( sit down ) I have change my mind since I leave here awhile ago . I do not want to pick a fight -- or break the bank -- or -- charlie ( evenly ) what change you mind ? haven ( grin ) that 's what I come back to find out . Charlie glance at he , then at the crowd where Mick marion stand beside Prince . both be look coldly towards the booth . Haven 's gaze follow hers towards Mick , as Prince leave the big man . charlie maybe it would be better if you find another girl . haven ( smile ) no , it would not ... I look . she smile slightly back at he , glance away towards Mick . Haven look too , curiously . Mick be still watch , coldly . other glance too , as though this be a unexpected thing . Mick take a drink from a pass waiter ; kill it in one gulp . Haven look back at Charlie 's face and smile . haven that man in ape 's clothing -- could he be Charlie ? charlie no . haven his eye follow you around like a couple of fly . charlie they follow I to see that stranger do not annoy I . haven only stranger ? charlie no one else would be so foolish . haven first , you be beautiful . then I like the way you sing -- and now you be a woman of mystery . ( to a pass waiter ) Champagne ? the waiter nod and leave . Charlie be still gaze at Haven with that slight provocative smile . haven I do not want to be a stranger , so I will have to be foolish . charlie you like to take chance , do not you ? haven if I feel lucky . charlie then I would advise you to try the dice table . haven I would rather get lucky here . charlie ( shrugging ) every man have a right to go to he own funeral . haven ( as the waiter set down the champagne and glass ) I could be you cousin from waxahatchio . I could be cousin John , a missionary on he way to China . the waiter leave , as Charlie still regards Haven with a curious interest . Haven be glance again toward Mick , just as that animal barrel down another whiskey . haven he seem to be a lot of man . charlie the most in town . at this moment Prince come into scene and sit at the table . Haven look at he but Charlie offer no introduction . haven it 's a very small town . ( he sip and gaze around ) you could get it all in this saloon . charlie we usually do . haven so Charlie probably run the town . prince ( toy with he dice ) why do you care ? haven I be go to spend some time here . I want to know who wind the clock . he glance up and a slow smile come over he face as Mick marion be see approach deliberately and with cold menace . her eye follow he , then back to he face . charlie it 's be a nice conversation . I hate to have it end . blank -face and big , Mick arrive at the booth . he stare from Charlie to Haven . Haven look at he then at Charlie . Charlie watch Haven 's face , but the smile remain . it seem to sway she , this little test of expression . mick who 's this ? charlie ( after a taut pause ) Mick -- this be -- cousin John . haven ( relieved ) from waxahatchie . Mick be not quite sure . mick what 's keep he ? prince I think he 's wonder if he could not do more good here . Haven sense now it be a little game they be play together on he . his smile remain . he reach for the bottle , he hand grasp the base of it , just as Mick reach for it too , clenching the top . Mick lift at it ; Haven 's hand hold . they look at each other as this little game of strength go on . mick you be not very friendly , be you , mister ? haven ( quote ) a friend to all be a friend to none . prince you ought to learn not to pick them so easy , like you do you cousin . haven ( indicate Charlie ) ask she ? charlie ( coolly ) I never see he before in my life . that do it . Mick wrench at the bottle , and as he do so , Haven release he grip . the bottle shoot up . the wine spill over Mick 's face and clothes . infuriate , Mick fling the bottle at Haven , but Haven duck as he come out of the chair . the bottle crash against the wall , and Haven 's fist crash against Mick . the big man grunt and stagger back , but he do not drop . as Haven set himself , he be suddenly pin from behind by two bouncer . Mick stand still , stare at he , he cut lip bleed . mick ( icily ) you be too little to make that big a mistake . haven you want to correct I or just bleed at the mouth ? there be a dead silence . at the crap table the dice read seven but no one look at they , all turn toward the scene . a minor rise and the girl on he lap hit the floor . a drunk steal a drink and no one see he . ( Business with glass ) Prince look on coldly . Mark bristow , move up from the dice table , pause and stare . mick ( coldly ) bring he outside . the two bouncer start with Haven toward the door , Mick follow . a rear rise and man begin follow in they silent wake . only the guy at the piano keep on play : he never stop . angle on Charlie as she rise . bristow and Prince have saunter over to she as the place empty , leave only the piano player . bristow what happen ? charlie ( casually ) a misunderstanding . prince do you find out what he want ? charlie ( start out ) he want to be my cousin . ( they follow she ) only I have not any aunt or uncle . ( still casually ) but you never know -- and the least I can do be bury he . Prince let go with one of he rare smile as he look admiringly at Charlie . they reach the door . the crowd open for they a little . ext . SALOON - night as Mick and Haven come out ; the crowd make a noisy clear . there be bet go down . as soon as the crowd have form a open space , Haven wheel and smack Mick across the face hit with the heel of the hand , so that Mick rock back almost go down . there be dead silence . Mick set himself for the kill , as he peel he coat . bristow be shaking with excitement . bristow Mick will kill he . charlie that 's ten to one . bristow ( grin ) I do not like the other fellow 's chance , but I be a sucker for odd . charlie you should always bet on a champion . then you can only lose once . bristow you give ten to one ...? ( she nod ) I will take it . charlie you be down . a thousand to a hundred . as they stare at the fight -- full shot - fight scene . as Mick be slowly advance toward Haven . he suddenly swing a haymaker which Haven easily duck , another and another that Haven evade . haven do not miss so much . you will get tired . Mick miss again , fiercely and Haven crack he one in the midriff . then step out fast and wait . Mick charge and Haven catch he full in the mouth . it stop Mick , and then Haven sock he again , this time with the butt of he hand -- open palm -- on the nose . Mick be surprised , taste the blood on he hurt lip . angle on Charlie , Mark and Prince , as they watch . Charlie 's eye be fix with a kind of admiration on Haven . Prince watch without interest . Mark be tense and excited . bristow he can fight a little . charlie a little will not be enough . but you feel she wish it might ... angle on the fight . mick stand still and fight . as Mick close again , Haven stop quickly to one side , clipping he behind the ear as he go by . but this time Mick keep after Haven and finally connect . it be more of a push than a clean hit , but even so the force of it drive Haven off balance and he sprawl on he back . as Mick , sense victory , charge , Haven know he can not get to he foot in time , so he turn he body and spring at Mick 's knee shoulder first . the impact spill Mick on he face ; before he can recover , Haven dive on he , hand flat on he own chest and palm turn out . his body crash heavily , angle across Mick 's head , and Haven 's savagely push hand mash the other man 's face into the hard ground . then he roll clear and come to he foot , breathe easily , wait . Mick get up , shaking he head to clear it , mad and hurt . as he close ponderously in on Haven , he boot foot suddenly shoot out . Haven twist he knee cap away but take the blow on the inside of he thigh , numb the leg so that he almost go down . and now Mick get to he . his great arm close around Haven 's waist , he hand lock in the small of Haven 's back . Haven brace himself against the crush squeeze , tensing he back muscle and stiffening he spine , but there be nothing he can do against the implacable brute power of the other man . the sweat stand out on Haven 's face as Mick 's great strength bend he over farther and farther . he must do something , and soon , or he back will be crack like a barrel stave . suddenly he bend he knee and lift he foot up from off the ground . Mick , suddenly find Haven 's full weight pull he forward , crash down on top of he . with all the strength leave in he , Haven bring he knee to the pit of Mick 's stomach ; as Mick 's hold break , Haven roll clear . now they be both hurt . Haven 's rib and chest be so bruise that it be agony to take a breath . he know it have to end quickly or he be do for , and he go all out . as Mick try to close with he again , he stand he ground and throw pile - driver punch to Mick 's midsection ; as Mick finally lower he arm to cover he body , Haven shift he attack to the face . this be not Mick 's style of fight , but as he lash back clumsily and angrily , each time he touch Haven it be with punish power . toe to toe , they slug it out , the belt now unwound and dangle from Mick 's fist , both man groggy but both refuse to go down . finally Mick be helpless to protect himself , but Haven have not get power leave to knock he off that sturdy leg . gather himself , Haven hurl he body shoulder first at Mick 's chest but he miscalculculate , glance off and fall flat on he face . as he roll over , dogge and slow with exhaustion , he see that he weight have staggered Mick ; the big man have take a step back , and now he start to walk forward . daze and blind with pain , he pass Haven , stagger forward until the tie-rail stop he . there he stand , he hand on the rail , move he head from side to side like a wounded animal . the crowd be silent now , wait . Haven get to he foot , drunk with weariness . he put a hand on Mick 's shoulder , but have not the strength to whirl he around . he brace himself with one hand against the tie-rail , and almost in slow motion pull Mick around and clip he one last time with he remain strength . Mick go down . mick ( get up very slow ) you can not do this . before he be up he go down again , unable to make it . mick ( in the dirt ) nobody can do this ... to I . the crowd be transfix . they can not even cheer . the two bouncer lean over the fall Mick . bouncer somebody just do . they pick up Mick as Haven stupidly watch . then as Haven turn and go away , sway and weak , the roar rise . he push aside people who try to assist he . they move aside and watch he leave . the crowd go back in the saloon behind the vanquish Mick ... angle on Charlie , bristow and Prince . Prince watch the beat Mick go by with a smile of contempt . Charlie 's eye be fix on the vanish lonely figure of Haven . Mark 's eye be dance . bristow I can not believe it . Mick marion lose a fight and I win a thousand ! charlie ( to Prince ) give it to he , Prince -- in chip . bristow follow Prince , wiping he forehead . Charlie remain , look down the now empty street where Haven vanish , a strange soft look in she eye , a slow smile mount she lip . int . HOTEL - night orville behind he desk be strumm softly on the guitar , he eye follow Haven as the latter slowly and somewhat painfully walk in and across the lobby . all the way to the desk the clerk watch Haven , strumm softly . Haven pause and smile very faintly at he . the clerk put the guitar aside . there be a coffee pot and cup on the desk . orville have some coffee ? haven ( lean on the desk ) thanks . orville pour it quickly . orville ( turn back to pick up a pitcher and a bottle ) they tell I who be fightin' . I be get ready to rent you room . cream or sugar ? haven cream . orville pour the " cream " from a whiskey bottle . Haven sip gingerly . orville ( look with mild curiosity and admiration ) myself , I would rather fight a forest fire . haven ( softly ) so would I ... he finish the coffee , turn and start for he room . orville toss two towel on Haven 's shoulder as the latter go . strumm the guitar again softly , he watch with admiration the retreate form of Haven . int . HOTEL room - night Haven stand in the darkness only light by light of the saloon next door . he stand there look vaguely out the window , suck he knuckle absently as he listen to the piano play . then he go wearily to the bed and fall on it gratefully , shutting he eye , the towel still across he shoulder . there be a moment of silence and then a soft knock at the door . another knock , and painfully Haven lift himself on one elbow and drag out he gun . the door open and Charlie enter . she shut it behind she and stand look at he . he let the gun fall and turn over on he back . Charlie walk across to the bed and stand look down at he . charlie how do you feel ? haven like a million dollar . charlie you just cost I a thousand . you lose you pipe in the fight . I bring it to you . she put it on the table beside the bed . Haven 's eye follow she . she see the towel , take they to the washstand , soak they and bring they back and compress they gently on Haven 's bruise face . when she take the towel away , he pull himself up a little , propped against the pillow , look at she curiously . she sit down on the edge of the bed . haven do you always get sweet with the man who fight over you ? charlie only the winner . he watch she as she wet the towel again , return and wrap he hand in they , sit again on the edge of the bed . haven tell I something -- charlie ( quietly , smile ) what ? haven ( he lie back ) that fellow might have kill I -- ( sleepily ) where do you bury the loser ? he be almost asleep . she take the now unused towel and put it back in the basin , soak it , return with it and tuck it against the side of he face . charlie you talk too much . haven ( bitterly ) what do you want -- the next dance ? charlie I think you would better sit this one out . he be sound asleep the next second . she stare at he ; rise , put the blanket over he and go quietly out . fade out fade in int . HOTEL lobby - day Haven come to the desk from he room . orville be sing another verse of the ballad . the clerk favor Haven with a admire smile . the coffee pot be there . orville have some coffee ? haven thanks . orville strum the string as Haven drink , have a little trouble with he sore hand . haven the way you run this dump I know you must be good at something else . orville some call I the town poet -- and some the village idiot . who be I to question either ? how you feel today ? haven like I crawle here from Kansas City . orville well , it figure to make you pretty famous . fact , people be askin ' for you already . haven who ? orville that gold mine lady -- Mrs. caslon . haven that 's nice . orville could not do better . and Charlie . haven Charlie ? orville no. less . haven you seem impressed . orville why not ? Charlie own a piece of everything , includin ' the undertaker and the sheriff . haven the stage line too ? orville everything but the Wednesday Bible class . even own a piece of I . ( grin ) take you money while you be here , and make you pay to leave . haven ( put down the cup ) when you get the next verse I would like to hear it . orville can not find no word to rhyme with Mick marion . haven ( as he turn away ) carrion . he walk off . orville ponder this , scowling into space . dissolve int . mrs . caslon' mine -cabin ile be pace the floor . Mrs. caslon be occupy with some minor domestic chore . stellman be stand by the door . ile be a ball of fire . ile of all the stupid bonehead play ! what do he fight about -- do not tell I a woman ? stellman that 's what they tell I . ile who start it ? stellman I do not know , but Haven finish it . ile that probably strike you as a very admirable thing . stellman shrug . ile well , I do not think so ! I have man who can use they fist . why do not they send a man who could use he brain ! there be a knock at the door . ile give she a look ; then glare at stellman . ile well -- open it up ! stellman open the door and Haven walk in . he pause , glance around and smile . Mrs. caslon smile at he . haven hello , Mrs. caslon . she smile and nod . iron . Haven can feel the surcharge air . deliberately he assume that casual manner that so burn the Captain . haven Captain ... Lieutenant ... ile ( coldly ) Mr. Haven , we may not have very much around here that please you , but we do have a strict post regulation against brawling in the town . now would you like to explain what happen last night ? haven ( smile ) I come here to return Mrs. caslon 's call . ile glance sharply at Mrs. caslon , and then to Haven . ile ( indicate a chair ) sit down . Haven sit , wince a little . but he beam at ile , who now pick a book off the table . ile this book I have in my hand be the Army Register , 1882 . Haven inspect he knuckle . ile I be now go to read from it . ( find the place ; read ) " Haven , John Martin , bear Ohio 1852 . appoint second Lieutenant . promote first Lieutenant 20th infantry , March 1880 ; reduce in rank to 2nd Lieutenant January 12 , 1881 . " he toss the book on the table , glaring at Haven . ile be that correct ? haven it 's the Army Register . ile Haven , you have lose you rank once . it may very well happen again . haven to almost anybody . mrs . caslon maybe if you would let he explain ... he might have a good reason . ile even a bad reason would delight I . haven what would you like to know ? ile do you pick that fight ? haven that thing can become very vague . ile scowl to he . ile ( shrewdly ) and where do you expect all this to get you ? haven ( rise wearily ) that be a question I prefer not to answer . ile ( snap it ) I think you be try to carry you authority too far . Haven go to the door , gently touch he sore jaw . at the door he turn . haven perhaps , but there 's one thing , Captain ile ... we have a arrangement that we would not meet -- you and I -- except through Mrs. caslon ... I think it 's important to keep it that way ... ( one more glance back ) and I like it better . he smile and leave , close the door as he go . ile stand there freeze with rage a moment . then he face relax in a grim smile . he glance at stellman as he take a cigar out and bite it off . dissolve int . SALOON - day Business be slack . Girls drink coffee and knit at a table . Ernie polish glass at the bar . a color man clean a crap table . all look up with curiosity and esteem as Haven enter ; all but Sam , the piano player , who go on play . Haven go to the bar . Ernie nod at he . haven do not he ever stop play ? ernie Sam ? it do not bother he . he 's deaf . haven where do I find the boss ? ernie first door top of the stair . haven Mick be around ? ernie he 's undispose . Haven go to the stair . the eye of the girl follow he . top of the stair -- as Haven reach the door , wince at the climb . he knock with the heel of he hand , hurt it , then use he boot toe . prince' voice come in . Haven open the door . int . charlie' office - day this be a big corner room , the window of which look out over the main street . the chair be big and there be a roll - top desk in the corner , a big leather sofa , and on the wall some frame picture . at a table Prince sit . he have six dice stack on top of each other and he be lift the column . Charlie be seat behind the desk smile . Haven look from one to the other . haven ( to Prince ) you want to see I ? charlie I do . haven they say Charlie -- charlie yes . she seem to enjoy Haven 's momentary confusion . Prince be indifferent . haven you be Charlie ? charlie that 's right . ( nod toward Prince ) this be Prince . do not ever gamble with he . haven you mean with he equipment ? Prince give he a thin smile and rise . prince she mean either . ( he cross to door ) see you later , Charlie . Prince saunter out . Haven sit in a big chair , very gingerly ; take out he pipe and tobacco . haven you surround yourself with very affable character . charlie it make I feel at home . haven you be not that sinister . last night with the wet towel you be Florence nightingale in silk stocking . ( stretch he leg , look at she ) have you get a match ? she come over with one and light he pipe . haven there 's one in my pocket but I hate to reach for it ... thanks . she take he hand and look at the cut knuckle . charlie sit there . she walk out of the room and he watch she ; then around the room . in a moment she return , pull up a chair in the front of he and sit down . she have bandage and a little jar of ointment . haven ( smile ) now you be Florence nightingale again . she take one of he bruise hand , and as she bandage he hand slowly , carefully and rather expertly , they talk . charlie why do you pick that fight ? haven I think you do . charlie ( smile ) really ? haven you could have insisted I be you cousin . charlie perhaps that be not the way I feel about you . haven ( as he knuckle hurt ) ouch ! she smile at he and then go on . haven where do you get the name of Charlie ? charlie it be my father 's . my name be charlene , but -- he watch she face . haven I like that better ... charlene ... ( she do not answer ) this will be the first time I ever work for a woman . charlie ( give he a glance ) what make you think you be go to work for I ? haven you send for I . charlie ( finish the bandage ) how 's that ? she stand up . Haven look at she and ignore he bandage hand . haven beautiful . charlie ( walk towards the window ) all right , I send for you . I be do a nice quiet business . that be because everybody be afraid of Mick . now every time a man have enough drink in he to feel rugge he will try to do what you do . haven I would not . charlie but they will . haven that 's not the job I want . I do not intend to start at the bottom . I have be there . it 's too crowded . charlie ( coolly ) where do you want to start ? haven with the money . charlie and what will you do for it ? haven anything -- except hang . how do you get -- all this ? charlie I learn one thing from my father . as long as man think they can beat the table , all you have to do be get a table . sometimes they run out of cash and I find myself with new responsibility . haven such as -- charlie a couple of store for one thing . haven I can not see myself behind a counter . charlie a sawmill , and a log camp . the log camp 's a long way from town . Haven get the meaning and shake he head . charlie I own the stage line from here to West rim City , but that 's a dud . haven why ? charlie outlaw . the money be in gold shipment . now the mine will not ship it . haven I will take that job . charlie you mean ride shot - gun ? haven I mean run the line . charlie do not force you luck . you win a fight last night . you could lose one tonight . haven today I would hate to tangle with a butterfly . charlie what do you think you will get out of run the stage line ? haven a commission on all the gold I get through . charlie that should buy you a small beer . haven glad to get it . charlie it 's pretty dangerous . even Wells fargo lock up they station and quit try . haven ( leveling ) who steal the gold ? charlie who do not ? all they have to do be put a mask on and they all look like Black Bart . haven ( rise ) give I a letter of authorization . charlie ( go to the desk ) I can not bet against you twice , can I ? as she write out the authorization , Haven saunter to the window , then over to the desk . Charlie finish and hand he the paper . Haven scan it , pocket it . charlie ( smile at he ) you know I forget to ask you one thing . haven I be work for you now . you can ask I anything . Haven be move to the door and she beside he . they pause . charlie how do I know I can trust you ? haven you do not . charlie can I ? he look at she face , neck and hair . she look pretty good . haven only with money . Haven look squarely at she a moment , then smile . he reach out one bandage hand and pat she shoulder . haven ( quietly ) okay , boss ? he walk out , and Charlie remain stand there , stare after he , just a little hazily . dissolve ext . stage line depot - day as Haven walk through the wide gate into a compound . there be several unhitch stage and freight wagon , one or two in partial disassembly and be service . a color boy be readying a horse and buggy and beside he , overlook the yard activity , be a bespectacle man with rubber sleeve garter . he be the manager . he have eye like armadillo and claw - like hand ; otherwise , he could be you loan agency man . see Haven he cross to he . haven ( look he over ) be you the manager ? manager I be . haven my name 's Haven . manager I have hear about you . you be the fellah who take Mick marion apart . ( look at he ) almost knock I off my foot . but my foot be not be any good since I follow stonewall Jackson . ( keenly ) what business you get with I ? haven ( hand he the note ) I be the new boss . the manager glance at the note , after move he spectacle out of the way . he give it back without a word , and turn toward the rear office door . Haven halt he . haven wait a minute . you be not fire . manager I get to be . there be not enough work around here for one man , let alone two . haven two can loaf as easy as one . Jim Goddard and Jerry enter from the rear office door . Jerry be the young . Goddard walk a little stiffly with the aid of a cane . jerry Mr. Leonard ! they halt and look at Haven . the manager jerk a thumb at Haven . manager talk to he . he just take the rein . ( indicate the two lad ) this be Jim Goddard . he 's a regular stage driver . Jerry here run freight to the sawmill . boy , you new boss . haven hello , boy . jerry ( with a grin of hero worship ) I gotta start out of here for the sawmill before daybreak . be that all right , Mr. Haven ? Haven nod , after a glance at the manager . jerry I see that fight last night . it be sure a beauty . haven glad you enjoy it . jerry what I like be the way you -- haven let 's not talk about it . right now it hurt my hand to listen . jerry yes , sir . he walk out , look back with a awesome smile . Haven look curiously at Goddard , who have be stand in silence , a thin smile on he lip . haven what happen to you ? goddard my last run . I stop a bullet . haven do you get a look at they ? goddard I wish I have . haven I think I be go to need you and not on one leg . so sit down and give it a rest . goddard ( slowly smile ) yes , sir . he obey . Haven watch and then turn to the manager . haven I be come back later and sit behind you desk . I will need the key . manager ( take key from he pocket ) only thing here that work . the manager , give they to he . then look at he . manager Son , I waste my time . I might as well waste some advice . you be full of blood and vinegar , but this whole thing have get something wrong with it . Goddard only get nick in the shin . you might not be so lucky ... haven I might depend on something besides luck . manager like for instance ? haven well the fact that they do not seem to shoot too straight . manager they do not need to when they shoot so often . he turn , take a few step -- and turn back to Haven . manager worry it over . the manager turn to go , shaking he head . ext . officer compound Haven , whistling softly , cross to the color boy who be polish the last speck of dust off the buggy . it be a beautiful buggy attach to a beautiful horse . Haven pause and gaze at it . haven what 's this ? the color boy step back and admire he work . colored boy sumpin ' , be not it ? haven who 's it for ? colored boy miss Charlie , Mr. Haven . haven where do you drive she ? colored boy same place . around the hill , down the river , every afternoon . haven I think I will give you this afternoon off . colored boy I should not let you do this , suh ... ( look Haven over , especially the bandage hand ) but ah be . Haven climb in the buggy , and the color Boy watch he go . dissolve int . charlie' office - day Charlie be dress to go somewhere . she look much nicer in this clothes than in she show garment of the night . she be listen to Prince who sit in a chair , the inevitable dice in he finger , two this time . there be a silence except the rattle of the cube . then Prince speak coldly . prince do this Haven move I out ? be that the plan ? charlie Prince , you know I would not part with you . prince but I always come up empty . charlie not quite empty . I give you what be probably the one honest feel you ever have in you life . prince I keep forget that . pardon I . charlie what 's the matter , Prince ? prince I do not like John Haven or anything about he . charlie you have say that . prince what do you know about he ? charlie you want I to have he look up in the Social Register ? she get up , go to the window testily . Prince look at she coldly as she gaze at the street . prince a man walk in out of nowhere -- charlie ( turn ) and go against you table . do he play like a gambler ? prince he know something . charlie yes -- and he take Mick . prince so he can fight . ( shrewdly ) you like that part , do not you ? he look straight at she and she stare back , stare he down at last . as he eye lower , she turn again to the window . charlie I will tell you one thing , Prince , I do not like this part . she be silent and Prince get up and walk out . she do not turn . down in the street she can see Haven riding up in the buggy , and the hard look on she face soften to a smile as Haven climb out of the buggy . some people pass stare at he , and whisper together . his fame have spread . he walk inside , smile a little . int . SALOON - day as Haven enter . there be no play at the table . some at the bar . the deaf pianist be pound the key softly . Prince have just descend the stair and go to the dice table , where he lean , he cold eye fix on Haven as the latter go to the foot of the stair . at this moment Charlie appear and descend the stair , adjust she hat . Haven stare at she with admiration , as she descend , smile at he . mo . shot - Haven and Charlie , as she reach the last step . haven stand there a second . she look at he . haven every time I see you , you look different , but you always look beautiful . why be that ? charlie I always have somebody to lie to I . haven take my hand -- ( offer it ) but do not squeeze it . she take he arm instead and they walk towards the door . moving shot - Charlie and Haven , as they go . charlie tell I what you be do with my buggy . haven my work . I be the new transportation boss . you hire I . mo . shot of Prince , as he stand at the table , watch they go . ext . charlie' buggy - day as Haven help Charlie into the carriage . haven I presume you be go shopping ? charlie I would not wear anything sell this side of Chicago . I be go to call on a gentleman . haven at this hour ? charlie his name be Mark bristow -- and any hour , it would be strictly business . he glance at she . haven the way you say it -- he may need a lawyer . charlie he 's a lawyer himself , but it will not help he . haven no ? charlie ( with a smile ) what good be a lawyer if he never get in a court ? haven like a doctor in a graveyard . where be this unlucky man ? charlie across the street . as Haven shrug and turn the carriage to front of bristow 's office . ext . bristow' office - day the letter on the window read : Mark bristow , lawyer as Haven pull up in front of it with the carriage . he go around and help Charlie alight , make it a little slow for the sake of add intimacy and cause she to smile as though she do not resent it . haven shall I take the horse back and rub they down ? charlie do you think they have go far enough ? haven I have not . charlie then maybe you better wait and come with I . as Charlie start in , Mrs. caslon come out and they pass . Mrs. caslon pause to smile and Haven tip he hat . Charlie , flash a backward look , see this . ext . bristow' office - day mo . shot of Haven and Mrs. caslon . Haven be talk to she with apparent casualness because he realize that Charlie can see he . haven I wonder if you would do I a favor ? mrs . caslon why , surely . haven it 's a big favor , and I would not blame you if you refuse . mrs . caslon what be it ? haven I want to haul some gold from you mine . mrs . caslon that be a big favor . haven I know it seem impossible to you , but that 's one reason why I be here -- to find cut what make it impossible . mrs . caslon be not that very risky ? haven that 's why I could not go to anyone but you . mrs . caslon ( hesitate ) I be just wonder if we should not speak to Captain ile first . haven you know what he would say . ( she smile grimly and nod ) he would advise against it -- but if it work my way , it may clear everything up -- for all of we -- and for ile too . the War Department do not like all that gold around a Army Post . he watch she face as she think it over . haven ( softly ) we be work too much in the dark . this may be the only way to see something . it 's a risk -- but someone have to take it ... mrs . caslon ( firmly ) who else will know of it ? haven just we . that will be all who know -- and that 's the idea . mrs . caslon ( simply ) I will arrange it . haven ( grin ) do not look so grim . it 's only you gold and my skin . and smile when you walk away as though we would be talk about what a dry summer it 's be . she smile and Haven pat she shoulder . int . office - day as bristow be talk . Charlie , look through the window , see Haven and Mrs. caslon part , Haven patting she shoulder with that familiar gesture of he , then come into the office door . bristow ... you know I will always cooperate -- as much as possible . but I have not the money . Haven have enter in silence , seat himself in a chair . Charlie do not look at he ; she face , hard now , look straight at bristow . he pause as he glance at Haven with a little nod Haven do not return . charlie ( rise and go to the desk with a sheaf of papers , which she place on he desk ) this be i.o.u.s for gambling . they add up to six thousand dollar . do you want to count they ? bristow no . charlie ( return they to she pocket ) you credit 's over , Mark . bristow my luck can turn , can not it ? charlie not on my table . bristow I have see other people fall in this trap -- but I do not think it would get I . he be sweat a little . charlie nobody do . I will have Prince drop in and go over you book . maybe we can work something out . bristow but I tell you -- charlie that 's the way it be , Mark . I pay off on the line and I expect to get pay . give it some think . she whirl and walk out the door . Haven , fumble for he pipe and put it in he tooth , follow she with a parting glance at bristow . for a long minute bristow sit there alone , he eye stare at nothing ; then as he mop the mildew of sweat from he forehead : wipe int . charlie' carriage - day as Charlie and Haven drive in the country . the road wind between hill now and a stream tumble along beside the wind road . the horse be move at a snail 's pace and Charlie be gaze around at the scenery , relaxed and thoughtful . haven you know , you remind I a little -- back there -- of a character I once read in a book . charlie I have a idea you would read a book . what be the character ? haven Simon legree . charlie Mark be mix up . he 's either crooked without be smart , or honest without be lucky . and that 's no good . haven I do not think I would want to owe you money -- even if I be honest . charlie even ? haven when I be seven I rob my own piggy bank . charlie it 's hard to imagine you be seven . haven I be very fat and eat a lot of candy . charlie be that why you rob you bank ? haven no ... I rob it to run away from home . charlie do you do it ? haven yeah , but I have to go back . charlie why ? haven it get dark . she laugh . they stop and get out . dissolve stream bank - day full shot as Haven help she down the bank to the edge of the water . she sit on the edge of a huge flat boulder and Haven stretch out beside she . mo . shot of Haven and Charlie . as she look at the stream and then at he . charlie this be my favorite place in the world ... I always come here to think about it . haven what ? charlie the rook here and the stream . the stream be always run away and the rock be always watch it go . it 's two way to be -- and I always wonder which be the best . haven they probably envy each other . charlie do you suppose any woman could envy I ? haven I know it . charlie but not a good woman ? haven nobody be any good . you mean respectable . charlie maybe . haven respectable people be very useful -- but they bore I . charlie with certain exception . haven ( curiously ) like who ? charlie like Mary caslon ... haven I think we might get to that . charlie how do you happen to know she ? haven I know she husband . charlie that 's curious , consider -- haven consider what ? charlie Ben caslon be a very upright citizen . haven meaning I be not ? charlie ( add thoughtfully ) she 's certainly not hard to look at -- and now she have the money and be -- ( look away ) -- also very respectable . haven then why would she be interested in I ? charlie because you be no good . and good woman like man who be bad for they . haven flattery will get you nowhere . charlie fool with she will get you nowhere too -- except in trouble . haven with whom ? charlie the army . why be it you be always get mix up with the army ? Haven have be idly flipping pebble into the stream . he see a leaf float by . haven ( idly ) what be the odd I hit the leaf ? charlie ( absently ) four to one . haven pass -- ( he flip the pebble , miss ) what 's the army get to do with Mrs. caslon ? charlie she 's engage to Captain ile . haven ile ? charlie he 's the army boss here . haven ( smile ) if you be go to frighten I , the least you can do be hold my hand . he hold out he hand and take hers . abruptly she start to rise , very pique and unable to disguise it . Haven rise too . take she hand to help she from the boulder . then stop and gaze at she , smile . haven this be where you ought to slip -- and I should catch you and kiss you . charlie no chance . she start down ; Haven move too , but it be he who slip and she who have to catch he . her arm go automatically around he . his around she . before he can act himself , she hold he tight and kiss he . it be a long kiss and on it we : fade out fade in int . HOTEL lobby - evening orville be strumm the guitar as Haven enter . he pause as Haven come near on the way to he room . orville hey . Haven halt , walk over . haven you finish that song ? orville never do . haven why not ? orville it 's my fatality . I never finish nothin' . haven maybe it 's just as well . orville maybe so . I think I would tell you . goin ' back to you room will be a waste of time . haven it will ? orville I do not know what happen on that buggy ride , but somebody come and take all you truck . he strum the string . haven and , naturally , you do not do anything about it ? orville what could I do ? haven you could have call the sheriff . orville set a thief to catch a thief , eh ? haven I pay my rent and I think I be entitle to know who steal my clothes . he start to he room . orville ( call after he ) a man could not ask for no prettier thief . int . haven' room Haven enter , glance around , see the bag be miss . he go to the window , see Charlie at saloon window across the areaway . he lean out . haven hey ! Charlie move the window , smile . charlie ( lean out ) hello ... I have be wonder where you be . haven I lose my shirt . charlie you do not imagine that I would let you live in that hotel , do you ? I want you available -- in case of trouble . haven where do I move ? charlie in a very nice room upstairs . haven ( take out he pipe ) when can you get my thing back to the hotel , Charlie ? she stare at he , the smile fade on she face . charlie why do not you take they yourself ? haven ( calmly ) because that 's not how they get here . a slight pause . charlie you be really hard -- be not you ? haven no . charlie you have to play everything alone ? haven this hotel be no good . the service be bad . the clerk 's a poet , and the mattress be not quite as soft as a marble slab . but I be beginning to like it ... and if I open this window , and hear you sing ... charlie be that the way you want it ? haven that 's the way . charlie they will be there . she turn abruptly from the window . Haven smile and turn away . dissolve ext . stage line compound - night Haven be finish preparation for the ride . angle on Goddard as he stand in shadow , watch . he carry a shotgun . as Goddard move from the shadow , Haven whirl , go for he gun -- then relax as he recognize the other man . mo . shot of Haven and Goddard . haven what bring you here ? goddard ( smile ) I have a dream . haven yeah ? goddard that you would be back here tonight . haven why ? goddard maybe because you take the key . haven do not they go with the job ? Haven stare at he a long moment ; Goddard return the stare steadily . goddard you know how it be with dream . I get the crazy idea you be go to try something -- haven how crazy ? goddard like run a shipment . haven then what happen ? goddard I want to be some help with it . haven all right -- you have be some help . now you can go back to sleep and I will finish the dream for you . the coach be ready . Goddard do not move . goddard I be riding with you , Haven . haven you be ? goddard ( grimly ) I be riding . haven ( slowly ) you get more than you leg hurt , do not you ? goddard maybe I just like to ride in the moonlight if nothing happen . haven and if it do ? goddard then I think I get a little better right than you to be there . haven ( gaze at he ) I be just think -- a nice guy like you probably have a nice girl somewhere -- or a wife . goddard what be we gonna do -- have a little chat about woman ? Haven slowly grin at he ; Goddard smile back . haven some other time -- let 's go -- out the back gate . Goddard climb up with he shotgun as Haven clamber up into the driver 's seat . as the coach turn and head for the back of the corral . wipe ext . OPEN country - night full shot - the stagecoach , travel across open flat country , head toward the distant hill . close shot - Haven and Goddard in the driver 's box , keep a eye about he as the team gallop along in the moonlight . haven what make you so anxious to take this chance ? goddard what make you ? haven I be on commission . with I it 's a matter of money . goddard and you think it 's something else with I ? haven I can not think of anything else -- except curiosity . goddard ( gaze out drily ) some moonlight after all ... full shot as the stage rocket off into the darkness . dissolve ext . mountain country - night the stage be now head uphill , the gentle slope at the beginning of the foothills . ext . mountain country - night the road be steeper now , and wind . another angle . the road be cut out of the side of the mountain , leave a sheer slope on one side , and high , thick tree and brush on the other . as the stage follow a bend in the road , a rider leap out and grab the lead horse . the stage lurch crazily and almost overturn as it slow to a stop . before Haven can free he hand from the rein to go for he gun , two shadowy figure , handkerchief help the darkness mask they face , have jump out onto the road ahead and have he cover . bandit all right -- stretch ! Haven and Goddard raise they arm . another bandit , from the hillside , call out : second bandit pile out with the hand up . two shotgun barrel cover the side of the stag . Goddard get off , hand in air . first bandit ( to Haven ) get down . Haven obey , to join Goddard in the road , as the bandit converge on the stage . there be five or six of they . two come up behind Haven and Goddard . first bandit turn around and keep them high . the sack be be load on a pack horse . Haven turn around . haven take it easy . they hang you just the same . second bandit you , Goddard , start walk . he give Goddard a none too gentle shove . Goddard move on up the road in the darkness . a few yard up the road . Mick be wait by he horse , he gun draw . we hear the step of Goddard and the bandit . second bandit voice that 's far enough . the footstep halt . Mick aim and fire . by wagon . there be a half grunt , half groan from Goddard . Haven turn as if to protest and then crumple as a gun fell he . close shot - Haven , lie face down on the ground , unconscious . fade out fade in ext . sky as day break . ext . mountain road - dawn close shot - Haven . Haven come to , gradually clear the cobweb . then suddenly he remember Goddard and the shot . he make he way to where Goddard 's body lie a few foot up the road . Goddard 's right hand be half in he hip pocket , as if in he last die moment he be reach for something . as Haven pull the hand out , he see that Goddard 's finger have close around he wallet . puzzle , Haven open the wallet . there be a stiff - back daguerreotype of he wife , a expire Union Pacific railroad pass , a express receipt , a souvenir bank - note of the confederacy , and a small , closely - fold piece of paper . unfold this , Haven see the top line : " to whom it May concern " he read further : " this certify that the bearer , James Goddard , be operate as a legally deputize detective for Wells fargo stage and Express company . " Haven replace the papers and lift Goddard 's body , carry it to the stage and place it on the floor . he remove Goddard 's gun and shell belt and strap it on , close the stage door . Haven 's face be grim as he study the ground nearby . the sticky mud show clearly the new track of the bandit ' horse . as he start unhitch one of he horse from the wagon trace , we dissolve ext . mountain country - morning a tiny clear on a brush - fill knoll , where the remain of a cooking fire be still visible , the ash scattered over the tamped - down ground . camera pan over to Haven , on horseback , as he study the scene . this be where he evidently make camp for the night . he dismount , sift the ash through he finger to feel they warmth . he can not be far behind . then he turn he attention to the trail load away . inspection reveal that it divide , one group of fresh track head towards town , another smaller group further into the mountain . he decide to follow the latter . as he mount and ride off : dissolve ext . mountain country - morning a high spot from which Haven can get a good view . off in the distance he see : long shot - from he angle . a lone rider , lead a pack horse , barely visible through the timber . he be head away from he . close shot - Haven . he spur he horse forward . full shot - Haven , in pursuit of the man ahead . ext . stream - morning the bandit , unaware of he pursuer , put he horse and the gold - laden pack horse through the stream . he come out into a meadow on the other side . pan shot - with Haven , as he come to the stream . half way across , he horse momentarily lose he foot on the slippery rock . mo . shot - bandit . hear the noise of Haven 's horse , he turn and see he pursuer , take a quick shot back at he , then head for the other side of the meadow where there will be shelter , fire back as he ride . mo . close shot - Haven . he take careful and deliberate aim and fire . full shot - from Haven 's angle . the bandit be almost at the edge of the wood when Haven 's shot get he . he tumble from the saddle . Haven ride forward , gun ready in case it be a trick . ext . meadow - morning it be no trick . the bandit be down where he fall . when Haven turn he over , the man' eye be already glaze . Haven put he lip close to the die man' ear . haven who send you ? the man only glare up at he . Haven try again . haven you be a goner , brother -- you can talk . the man hold Haven 's gaze defiantly and silently as the life go out of he . Haven lower he back to the ground , rifle he pocket . there be no papers on he , no identification . he stand up . he have the gold back , but he be no closer to round up the whole gang than he be before . unless -- he be look at the horse , placidly graze . he go up to they , tie up the loose lead rein , draw he belt off , and give they each a sharp crack on the rump with the buckle . they take off across the meadow at a gallop . Haven let they get a good start before he mount he own horse , and follow after they . dissolve ext . mountain country - day as Haven ride up to the edge of a downslope , gaze over a broad valley , and see : long view of a sawmill , nestle in the valley . it comprise several shed and building , with a long rank of stack log beside the biggest shed , and all this be service by a dirt road along which the two horse canter up to the camp . Haven observe several man come out of the main office and snag the two horse . ext . camp office - day as two man who have snag the horse now take off the gold bag . in front of the office Pete , the camp boss , Ben and Sam , two tough - look accomplice , stand watch and glance up the road down which the horse come . there be a frown on Pete 's face . BEN where 's Joe ? ( as Pete do not answer ) something 's go wrong , Pete . Pete look thoughtfully at Joe 's horse , pat he neck , again lock up the road . pete I know one thing . he be bear on a horse and he do not just fall off this one ... go and take a look . two man mount and start away . close shot of Haven . as he move back out of sight . obviously he can not move into the camp now . glancing off down the valley he see in the distance a work wagon approach . it be still hide from sight of the sawmill by high ground between . he put he horse down the slope towards the approach wagon , at a tangent to the camp . dissolve ext . sawmill road - day as the work wagon lumber along . its marking identify it as belong to the stageline Haven now manage . we recognize Jerry the driver as Haven ride up . Jerry give he a grin and a salute . jerry hello there , Mr. Haven ! haven hello , Jerry . what 's the haul ? jerry this be that load of grub for the sawmill . haven want to ride my horse back to town ? jerry what about the wagon here ? haven I will finish the haul . jerry you be the boss . he climb down as Haven dismount and turn the horse over to Jerry . haven ( throw it away ) any excitement in town ? jerry ( grin ) do not know , Mr. Haven . I leave before daybreak . haven ( relieved ) take he easy . he 's tired . jerry I will give he a good rubdown . ( mount ) Haven watch he ride away , then climb aboard the wagon . pick up the rein , he notice the bandage on he hand and , not want to be identify by they , rip they off . blow on he still sore knuckle , he drive toward the sawmill . dissolve ext . sawmill camp site - day as Haven 's wagon lumber in . he look curiously at the main office . no one be in sight , but as he draw nearer , the swarthy hard - face man , Pete , come out on to the porch . pete hey , you ! Haven look at he . pete you see a rider comin ' up ? haven nope . pete you sure ? haven have not even see a lizard . where do I put this stuff ? pete where do you put it before ? haven I never do . I be a new driver . I think it 's grub . pete take it to the cook shack . Haven flick the rein , move on . Pete watch suspiciously . Haven move on to the cook shack outside of which the cook be busy dump a pail of slop . haven ( pull up ) you the cook ? cook Nah . I just wear this hat to keep the fly out of my hair . haven it do not matter to I , brother . I just haul this grub . I would just as soon haul it back . cook take it next door . Haven pull up by the warehouse next door and get down . there be nobody around , so he start wrestle with the food crate himself , take the first one into the warehouse . ext . warehouse - day it be big , barnlike , pile with provision and equipment . Haven stare around ; carry the crate to where a similar stack of crate be pile . lower the crate he note a shiny object , pick it up . it be a button from a army uniform . he pocket it as he attention be distract by two horseman pass outside . Haven go out to continue unload . ext . MAIN office - day as the two horseman ride up to Pete and dismount . Ben and Sam be stand there . pete ( to the horseman ) any luck ? BEN no sign of Joe . but there 's the track of another horse , circle the mill and come back on the road just north . ( he point ) pete that 's bad . he glance toward the wagon where Haven be work . pete let 's go and look at this guy again . the five man move down to Haven 's wagon . angle on wagon and Haven , as he see they come . his lip tighten ; then he relax and go on lift a crate . he pause as they come up and stand around he , they eye fix on : pete you -- Haven look at he . pete you sure you do not see no rider ? haven look -- you want I to say I see a rider ? I will say it . I will say I see a ghost . it do not make any difference to I . pete when do you get this job ? haven yesterday . pete what for ? haven it 's the system . if I do not work I do not eat . I never be able to find any way to beat it . pete who hire you ? haven ( blandly ) Mr. Haven . pete the guy that have the fight ? haven same fellow . it be a risky little moment ; Haven ease both bruise hand into he coat pocket . pete friend of yours ? haven ( innocently ) who ? pete this Haven . haven any man who give I a job be my friend . look , I be work , I haul this stuff out here . nobody want to tell I where to dump it . everybody want to know what I be doin ' and what I have not see . I do not know . I get thirty cent a hour . how smart do that have to make I ? pete do not get hot . Pete 's face relax ; as do the grim face of the other . haven ( grin ) I be not hot . I be just mix up . pete forget it . I get a load for you to take back when you be do here . haven sure . pete how soon ? haven well , I have not eat anything but dust since sun-up . pete all right -- grab it quick . ( to the other ) work on this stuff . they start unload and Haven go to the cook house . Pete watch he go . Ben note it . BEN what do you think ? pete we risk he , that 's all . BEN he do not look right to I . pete he do not look any worse than the rest of it look right now . ( turn ) come on , get this junk out . he lend a hand with Ben and Sam . int . cookhouse - day a big pot of stew be simmer on the fire . the cook be busy slice french fries . Haven enter . haven how about a handout ? cook help yourself . Haven begin ladling out some stew into a bowl , taste it . haven you cook pretty good . cook I ought to . I use to cook for six hundred man a day . haven where be that ? cook Leavenworth . Haven shrug and take more stew ; the cook go on cut the potato . haven this use to be my mother 's special dish . she make it right out of the world . cook my old woman could not boil a potato . Haven take another gulp in the silence that follow . then he say carelessly : haven who 's boss around here ? cook I be . haven I mean the whole work . cook you talk to the man when you come in . haven Real tough - look fellah . cook ( spit ) they be all tough till they get to Mick marion . haven Mick come out here ? cook last night -- and he look like somebody get to he . haven how 's that ? cook face all beat up -- ( casually ) like you knuckle . haven I have bad luck with a crate of cauliflower . cook that 's what he bring down here -- a cauliflower face . ( casually ) you fight he ? haven ( smile blandly ) Mick ? do I look like I would ? cook ( look at he ) just the knuckle . Ben 's head appear in the doorway . BEN hurry it up , driver ! haven comin ' . Haven take a last mouthful , turn toward the door . haven not many of the hand here , be there ? cook all up at the log camp . haven much oblige . that be real fine mulligan . the cook be not interested ; he spit as he slice a potato . ext . sawmill office - day Pete , Sam and Ben be wait beside the gear box as we see Haven bring the wagon up . BEN maybe this be not such a good idea . pete who say it be ? I just want that gold outa here the easiest and quick way . they watch Haven as he pull up the wagon . Pete look hard at he face . Haven have the pipe in he mouth again , look very blandly at they . pete you see this box ? haven sure . pete it go to Prince . know who Prince be ? haven nope . pete he run thing for Charlie . know who Charlie be ? haven sure . Haven climb aboard . they look hard at he . he have stick he pipe in he mouth . he smile at they and he pick up the rein . pete one thing ... Haven pause . pete that 's a gear box you be haul back and it 's get to be repair . and you tell Charlie that if it be not repair we might have to shut down quick . you get that ? haven I get it . pete all right -- then get out of here ! Haven flick the rein , grin at they and drive off . Ben be still worried and stare after the depart wagon . dissolve ext . mountain - day this be desert country on the way to town . when the land slope steeply from the road down into a kind of wash , Haven halt the wagon . he glance around . no sign of life . he take a hammer and chisel out of the tool box beside the seat , crawl to the crate and pry it open . his cargo be gold . satisfied , he replace the pried board , then push the crate over the side . it topple down the bank , vanish in the brush at the bottom of the wash . with one more glance around , Haven resume he seat in the wagon , put a match to he pipe , and send the horse forward at a faster clip . dissolve long shot of post - day dissolve int . captain ile ' office - post ile be pace up and down as stellman enter quietly . ile promptly face he . ile well -- what have you find out ? stellman Goddard 's body -- shot in the back . ile and no sign of Haven ? stellman one horse be miss . they might have take he away on that . they would not kidnap he if they would kill he . ile why would they kill Goddard ? stellman he be a Wells fargo detective . ile I see ... he be a man they could not handle , so they shot he . but Haven be not kill . stellman he may have follow they on the miss horse . ile and he may be fishing for trout in the Verde River . why do I always learn everything last ? why must everything be common gossip by the time it reach I ? stellman I do not know , sir . ile neither do I , but I will find out . the Army do not banish I out here to set up a listen post . bring the man in , dead or alive . if he 's alive , arrest he . stellman but can you arrest he ? ile no , but I can take any live human be into custody -- or be I mistaken in this too ? stellman no , sir . ile then go and do it ! stellman yes , sir . stellman turn and leave obediently . dissolve ext . mark office - evening shot from Haven 's angle to include street activity . as Mark approach , open the door and enter . int . mark office - evening as Mark enter in the semi-darkness and pause , stiff with fright at the sight of Haven sit in the chair , a gun in he hand . Mark open he mouth but can not speak . haven draw that blind , bristow . numbly , Mark obey ; then turn . haven all right -- light it up . Mark light the lamp . his voice be small and quavering . bristow ( indicate gun ) can not you put that firearm away . haven I can -- but it quiet my nerve . Mark pour a drink shakily from a decanter by he law library . bristow drink ? haven ( flatly ) no. Mark gulp he in a ominous silence . bristow we would give you up for dead -- we -- haven ( idly rotate the cylinder of the gun ) who ? bristow who ? haven yeh . bristow why , everybody . they find Goddard 's boy -- do not you know that ? what happen ? tell I about it . haven ( smile ) I be glad you get you voice back . bristow if you be try to imply that you frighten I , come here like this , you be right . I be neither a hero nor a fool . ( he sit down ) ( shrewdly ) they kill Goddard -- why do not they kill you ? haven somebody must have want I save . bristow what for ? haven I do not know . maybe a rainy day . ( dryly ) only it might never rain . Haven put the gun away ; rise , walk to the desk , pour a drink for himself . Mark watch he shrewdly . bristow ( himself again ) and what do you want from I ? haven I be go to make a statement , which you will write and notarize . bristow be that all ? haven yes -- except that you put it away where it can not be steal or tampere with . bristow I have a safe -- haven I can see you have . bristow meaning you do not trust I . haven I do -- but I do not think you trust yourself . bristow where do you want it ? haven Mrs. caslon have a safe -- a nice fat one . bristow I think I can arrange it . haven all right -- here 's the statement . he saunter to the window -- glance through the crack of the shade . when he turn , he note that Mark have paper and pencil ready . haven I solemnly swear that on Thursday last , about eleven p.m . the stagecoach in which I be riding be hold up by five armed bandit . the gold I be haul be steal and James Goddard , the guard , be murder in cold blood . he pause , look stonily at the face of Mark , who be stare at he curiously and wait . haven I trail the bandit , catch up with one and -- kill he . Mark stare in amazement . haven put it down . ( as Mark obey ) I then follow the horse bear the gold to a sawmill -- ext . charlie' SALOON - evening Mick be stand outside , hold the arm of Jerry as he talk to the kid . beside he stand Pete yore 's man , Ben . mick you sure it be Haven you meet ? jerry do not I know my own boss ? mick ( give he a shove ) go in and get a beer . int . mark office - evening as Haven finish he statement . he be again at the window , glance out . perhaps he have see the incident with Mick and Jerry across the crowded street . haven ... after I leave there , I open the crate . the gold be in it . he turn back into the room . Mark be look at he with puzzle wonder , he face draw and tense . haven that 's all . he smile slightly . the wonder leave Mark 's face . urbane cun replace it . bristow not quite . haven no . bristow what do you do about the gold ? haven I come to the conclusion that I finally have enough money to need a lawyer . Mark smile thinly , lick he lip . bristow ( need a drink again ) have you see the sheriff ? haven I have hear about he , and I still come to you . bristow I see . well , as a lawyer , my advice would be -- haven I do not come here for advice . bristow I be wonder what you get out of this . haven it make I more valuable to somebody alive than dead . bristow who ? haven I do not know ... yet . bristow ( levelly ) now I be wonder what I get out of it . orville they be here lookin ' for you , the man . haven I think they might . orville I tell they you be out . haven I be . I just come in the back way . Haven light the pipe . haven you finish that song ? orville I have she finish , but what good be it ? it be about you death . haven keep it a couple of day -- may be you can still use it . he stroll back towards he room and camera follows he , the strumm of the guitar again sounding in the b.g . int . haven be room - evening Haven shut the door , pull off he boot and gun belt , lie on the bed and stare at the ceiling . his face be sad and he look tired . the music from the saloon come over , Charlie 's song ... he close he eye and in a moment fall asleep ... wipe ext . mrs . caslon' mine - cabin - evening as ile ride up . he be just about to enter , after dismount , when Mark bristow come out of the office . Mark smile and nod at the officer . bristow good evening , Captain . ile ( grimly ) any news about Haven in town ? bristow I just see Haven . ile ( abruptly ) alive ? bristow ( smile ) very much . Mark mount he horse , drive away . int . mrs . caslon' mine cabin - evening as ile open the door and enter . Mrs. caslon be she usual cool self as she sit at she desk . ile cross to she and give she a peck on the cheek as she fondly pat he hand . ile good evening , Mary . mrs . caslon good evening , George . ile I just pass bristow . mrs . caslon ( ignore this ) why do not you sit down . you look tired . ile I should . he sit in a comfortable chair , conscious of the fact that she have ignore he reference to bristow . mrs . caslon I suppose you have hear the news . the holdup and poor Jim Goddard . ile I hear it -- last , as usual . mrs . caslon ( delay ) why do not you smoke ? ile give she a surly look , take a cheroot out of he tunic . mrs . caslon ( take a match and crossing to light he cigar ) I be afraid you be go to be angry with I . ile ( puffing ) why ? mrs . caslon the gold Haven try to run be from the argus , darling ile it be ? ( then reacting ) your ! ile be about to yell something at she , then hold himself in check , while she wipe the spill ash from he uniform . in this interlude he change to a icy man . mrs . caslon now do not excite yourself . ile I be very calm , and I calmly ask you how you could allow that scoundrel to transport gold from you mine when -- mrs . caslon the man you call a scoundrel may be dead at this moment . ile and he may be in town at this moment -- where , in fact , he be . ( look at she ) how you could do this without tell I -- mrs . caslon I only do it for you sake . ile my sake ? mrs . caslon after all , Mr. Haven represent the U.S. government . ile who do you think I represent ? mrs . caslon I tell you , George , I be only try to help you . ile ( contain he fury ) and while we be on the subject , who do Mark bristow represent ? mrs . caslon you know perfectly well that he 's my lawyer . ile I know perfectly well he 's a scoundrel too . ( rise ) be he also try to help I ? he walk to the door . she stand there frigidly . ile ( at the door , a ball of cold fire ) thank you , Mary . he turn and fumble with the knob , but he can not do it . he turn at last and walk meekly back to she . ile I be sorry . I would say that I lose my head if I believe that I have one . mrs . caslon ( kissing he fondly ) it 's my fault george. ( turn ) Mark leave I something . she turn to the desk and hand he the long legal envelope . ile take it and stare at it . he start to open it . mrs . caslon you be not go to open it ? ile to whom it may concern . that 's what it say here . ( go on ) well , it may concern I . he open it , look . ile it do . he hand it to she . she read . ile ( grimly ) my business be not jamme up enough -- so they send this harebrain demote lieutenant pry around in it ... they want to help I too . he take back the paper from she , thrust a blank sheet in the envelope , toss the envelope back on the desk . mrs . caslon George -- you be get to be a hard man to deal with . ile I be get to deal with some hard man . Iron -face , he start out , remember again , soften against he will , come back from the door and kiss she cheek and then leave . camera stay on Mrs. caslon as she watch he go . she smile slightly , put the envelope in the safe , and then from it take a six - gun , look at it and begin dusting it with she handkerchief as we dissolve bristow you certainly be a careful man . haven I have to be . I live a careless life . Haven begin wash he face in the washbowl , and then comb he hair and readjust he somewhat rumple shirt . Mark watch he . haven what about the deposition ? bristow she have it . it 's in she safe . haven good . bristow what do we do now ? haven we call on Charlie . there be a little nervous sweat on Mark 's hand ; he wipe they on he coat . bristow it 's a dangerous play , Haven . haven be it ? bristow what if she do not believe you ? haven then she will have to believe you . bristow that deposition could be a lie . it might not stand up in a court . haven you be sure of that ? bristow well -- not exactly . haven that 's it . you be a lawyer and you be not sure . then how can she gamble on it , either ? bristow because she 's a gambler . haven no , she be not . ( ready to go ) we be the gambler , Mark . lot 's go . a little shake and uncertain , Mark obey . dissolve ext . HOTEL - evening as Haven and Mark come out . they walk towards the saloon . people look at they curiously . suddenly , down the street , the sheriff appear , approach Haven slowly and ominously . sense a gun fight , people vanish . purely from instinct , Mark desert Haven 's side in a hurried walk towards the saloon , eyeing both . Haven come on leisurely . the sheriff have stop in he track and have he gun out . a woman clutches she child to she skirt . Men stand stockstill , watch . a crowd form at the entrance to Charlie 's . Haven walk slowly forward until he reach the wait sheriff . he look he over with a smile of contempt . sheriff you be under arrest ! haven ( pause ) for what ? sheriff for the murder of James Goddard -- and robbery under arm ! haven ( casually ) I have hear about you . you do not appear to understand the function of you office . ( take sheriff 's gun and break it open ) you have miss the whole point of you profession . ( show he ) even you gun be not load . ( Haven load it as it go on ) I suggest that you start all over again , with this point in mind : the duty of a peace officer be to arrest the culprit of a crime -- not the victim . Haven hand he back the now load gun and walk away towards the saloon , leave the sheriff stand there , a completely dumbfounded and bepuzzle man . dissolve int . charlie' SALOON - night the place be roaring . Haven enter , follow by Mark . the guy at the piano be play as always . Haven and Mark go slowly to the bar , eye follow they . the noise soften almost to silence , except the piano , cower , Mark stick close to Haven . at the dice table , Prince stare coldly , hand another man the stick and walk away to the stairway , he eye seek Mick marion who be also stare at Haven . Prince nod to Mick as he go . mo . shot at bar -- as Haven and Mark loan against it . Ernie be look at he curiously ; then towards Mick . Haven do not follow the glance , but Mark do . ernie Rye ? haven two . Ernie get they . Haven glance at the piano . Mick who have stand there have now vanish . Haven smile . the drink arrive . bristow ( gulp he drink ) this be no good . haven the bourbon be just as bad . bristow I do not mean that . haven you want to leave ? bristow I just do not like it . ( take another drink ) I be a nervous man . something 's go to happen . I can feel it . haven that 's right . bristow then why do not we do something . haven we be do something . bristow what ? haven wait for something to happen . ( smile at Mark ) Mark finish off he second . a stickman come up . nudge Haven . stickman Charlie want to see you . upstair . haven ( to Mark ) see ? the stickman move away . Mark look at Haven . bristow do I go with you ? haven can you make it ? Haven turn away towards the stair . Mark hesitates , bite he lip , swallow another drink and then grimly follow . int . charlie' office - night Charlie be behind she desk , as Haven walk in . behind he , sweat now , come Mark . as the two be in the room the door behind they slam shut . Mick be there with a gun . Prince move slightly out of a shadow . Mark back against a wall . Charlie look up from she fingernails . Haven smile and glance around . his eye fix on Mick and the gun . haven I see you find the difference . Mick say nothing , he face a blank hatred . Haven sit down in a big chair . haven look like a board meeting . another door open and Pete , the sawmill foreman , enter , stand silently . Haven glance at he , then at Charlie who smile thinly back . charlie ( indicate Mark ) what 's he do with you ? haven I think I might need a lawyer . charlie I doubt it . haven I can realize how seldom legal technicality annoy you -- but I have one that might . ( take out he pipe ) besides , he know all about it . prince about what ? haven about a gear box I fail to deliver . bristow I do not know anything ! I merely -- prince shut up ! Mark relapse into a perspire silence . haven ( quietly ) Mark be right . he do not know anything . he just know what I dictate to he in a deposition . charlie and what be that ? haven it be just a story . about a man who get murder , a thief who get shot , and a gear box that get lose . probably nobody would believe it -- ( glance up ) ... unless I get kill for it . Charlie stare at he a moment . then she glance at Pete . charlie go downstairs , Pete . watch the stairway . Pete walk out . charlie ( to Haven ) who else have you tell ? haven no one . Mark I have to have . he 's a witness and a notary . he make it stick . he stand it up in court . charlie ( always watch he face ) what keep it from get to a court ? haven a cut . mick he 's run a bluff ! haven I run one on you . Mick burn in silence . Charlie smile . charlie you bring you lawyer . ask he if this do not sound like blackmail . haven he can not think very clearly in the presence of a gun . prince but it do not bother you ? haven ( coldly ) no , it do not . prince what you want be money . Haven nod . charlie I do not see how go to the law will get it for you . haven if you do see how , I would never get there , would I ? charlie I be afraid not . haven so it boil down to this : we can make a deal , and all be happy together . prince not as long as you always have something on we . haven unless you also have something on I . charlie and how would that be ? haven when I deliver the gold to you . charlie you mean the gear box ? haven I can even forget I look inside . so I steal a gear box ... I be still a thief . Charlie be silent a moment . Haven light he pipe . Charlie look at Mark , pale by the wall . prince ( indicate Mark ) what do he get ? haven he get even with you . prince have you lose you mind ! haven it be all right when he lose he money . charlie all right ... I will give he the iou 's ... when the gear box be deliver . prince ( smile ) you do not realize how important it be when a piece of machinery break down . it could close the entire sawmill . haven I guess I do not realize it . she look coolly at Mick and Mark . charlie I think that 's all . Mark glance at Haven who nod and Mark leave in the wake of the grimly depart Mick . Prince linger . charlie ( to Haven ) you can stay . haven ( to Prince ) I think she be talk to I . Prince get up grimly , he lip tight , the dice hold hard in he finger . he stare at Haven . prince you roll nice dice and you bet they jamb up , but some day you will slip . and when you do , I will be around to catch you . he turn and walk out . Haven watch he go . haven you know , I think he will . charlie then you should be more careful . haven the poorhouse be fill with careful man ... ( knock out he pipe ) ... and so be the graveyard . Charlie come around and sit on the arm of he chair . haven you have get a nice perfume . charlie carnation . ( she ruffle he hair with she hand ) I almost have to have you kill . I would have hate it . haven so would I . charlie I would have miss you ... too much . haven and too long . she brushes he cheek with she lip . charlie ( she smile at he ) do you ever tell a woman you love she ? haven all of they . charlie how do you get away ? haven I be always in the doorway when I say it . charlie you never say it to I . haven let 's go over to the doorway . he rise and so do she . she pick up a scarf in silence and anger , cross and go out the door , Haven follow she . int . stairway - night as Haven and Charlie descend . her face be hard . charlie I seem to always end up like this with you . I take you for grant . you like it that way . it go with load dice and crimp card and fix wheel . haven be not that you business . charlie it be not my life . as they descend , stellman can be see in the bar crowd , watch they . mo . shot of Charlie and Haven at foot of stair . Haven be smile at she , but she face be serious and she eye hard . charlie you tell I once you might be a missionary on you way to China . and that 's as much as I have ever find out about you . you be work for I , but for all I know you could be work for somebody else . haven like Goddard ? charlie why not ? Haven smile . he can see stellman approach . haven I think I better bring you that gold . he start away , but stellman halt he . stellman Haven . Haven look at he . Charlie watch . haven do not tell I you be still recruiting ? stellman yes , we still want you . but this be a little different . haven and how 's that ? stellman Captain ile have ask I to take you into custody , Haven . Haven stare at he , then look at Charlie . a slow smile dawns on she face . charlie ( quietly ) you hear the man . stellman best thing for you be to come along , Haven . haven that 's what I like -- the best thing for I . he pat Charlie 's shoulder and then walk out with stellman . Charlie watch they go . Prince appear beside she . prince very friendly with everybody -- be not he ? Wells fargo detective , and now the Army . how far can he go ? charlie exactly where he 's head now -- to jail . she walk away towards the piano . Prince stand there , watch Haven go . dissolve note : pick up two night exterior of the post . int . ile ' office - night there be a sergeant inside face ile who sit behind he desk . stellman and Haven pause at the door . sergeant ( to ile ) the quartermaster at platte want three swear statement before he will replace that seventy uniform , sir . ile Three swear statement ! I tell he all I know . they be in the freight office at West rim City . the building burn down .. . you sure he do not want I to send he the ash too ? ( see stellman ) all right , have stamm fix the papers . the sergeant exit . ile look calmly and with relish at Haven . ile ( pleasantly ) come in . Haven and stellman enter . stellman close the door and stand near it . Haven smile and nod at ile , then sit down unbidden . ile Nice to see you alive . haven Dumb luck . ile you seem to have be live quite a adventurous life . haven be that why I be under arrest ? ile that 's indefinite . I want to talk to you . haven if you consult the Army Blue Book it might enable you to be more definite . ile ( grimly ) curiously enough , you get I into the habit of read myself . you be quite right about the Blue Book -- ( fiercely ) unless that officer should get himself about one - half as far out of line as you have ! haven how far be that ? ile pick up the deposition , extend it . ile right here in you own statement ! Haven glance at he , then at the statement , and then toss it on the desk and inhale . haven I see you do what I expect . ile you have get a man kill and Mrs. caslon 's gold steal . be that far enough ? haven not quite . ile ( rise slowly ) Haven -- as far as I be concerned , this deposition be good enough for I . ( indicate the deposition ) I want this people arrest . this be all the evidence we need . haven I need more . ile for what reason ? haven for the reason I come here ... to get the murderer of two soldier -- not to save somebody 's gold . that 's a mistake you make . I still do not know who kill they , but I be go to find out . and when the net be haul in , they be all go to be in it . ( rise ) that 's my fish -- and you can have the minnow . ile ( demandingly ) when be you return Mrs. caslon 's gold ? haven ( firmly ) that 's a matter between myself and Mrs. caslon . they look hard at each other in silence . ile I do not particularly like you -- but I see no reason why you should get yourself deliberately kill . haven ( smile again ) it will not be deliberate . ile what difference do it make how you get kill ? where do it leave I ? haven where do it leave I ? ile ( meaning it ) understand this , Haven . you be head for bad trouble -- and when it come do not expect any help from I . be that clear ? haven ( smile thinly ) from the beginning . Haven turn and walk out ; the door close behind he . ile slump down into he chair . stellman be smile faintly at he . stellman anything else , Sir ? ile ( glumly ) yes , three cigar , a pint of whiskey , and a copy of that confound Blue Book . as stellman turn away . dissolve int . HOTEL lobby - night as Haven saunter in . orville be , as always , behind the desk . Haven nod at he . haven what 's the good word ? orville for you it 's not good . you be in bad trouble . haven I do not know how you can know so much and move so little . ( turn to go ) I think I will try it myself . orville want to leave a call ? haven that 's very nice of you . orville what time ? haven when you be sure everybody in town be in bed -- call I . and if anybody ask for I -- I go to jail . he go and orville strum a little jail song . fade out fade in ext . country - day Haven , drive a wagon and team of horse , be retrace the road he take back from the sawmill look for the place where he dumped the bullion . closer view of Haven , as he look for the landmark . he be whistling softly the tune that Charlie always sing . at last he stop , alight and make he way down the steep slope , a couple of gunny sack sling across he shoulder . bottom of the gulley as Haven get there and locate the crate at rest in a clump of brush . the crate have break from the fall . Haven load the buckskin bag of gold into the gunny sack and scramble back up the slope . side of slope as Haven scramble to the top , he find himself look into a six - shooter hold in the unwaver hand of Mrs. caslon . her eye be hard and a grim smile play at the corner of she mouth . mrs . caslon Drop it . Haven obey . mrs . caslon turn around with you hand up . Haven turn . she take he gun and toss it in the wagon ; then glance inside the sack , see the gold . she back off a step or two . mrs . caslon all right -- put it in the wagon . Haven turn to obey . he manage a smile at she . haven be this a hold -up ? mrs . caslon you want to put it in the wagon ? haven ( look at she hard eye ) yes . he struggle with the sack , swing it onto the wagon in which he come . then stand back , look at she . mrs . caslon now be there something you want to say ? haven I trail one of the bandit here where they cached it . I could not haul it on horseback , so I come here with the wagon . mrs . caslon I know that 's a lie . haven some of it 's true . mrs . caslon but not nearly enough . haven I will try it again . I cached it here myself . I be go to turn it over to they . I want to buy a membership in they club . this be the initiation fee . mrs . caslon fifty thousand dollar ? haven well , you see , I think it be worth it . mrs . caslon well , you see , I do not . she climb to the seat of the wagon watch he warily . Haven do not move . haven ( quietly ) what you be do may get I into serious trouble . mrs . caslon if you be still in town in twenty - four hour , I promise what I do may get you hang . she grab the rein of she own horse , flick the rein of the wagon team and ride away , leave Haven on the road , horseless and very much discountenanced . he watch grimly as she ride away . at a distance from he she toss he gun beside the road . dissolve int . charlie' SALOON - day as Haven enter . he be dusty and tired from he long walk . the place be moderately busy . mo . shot of Haven as he sit tiredly at a table where Charlie and Prince be sit . she smile at he . charlie I think you be in jail . haven I talk my way out . charlie you be a very glib man . you seem to talk you way out of everything . haven up to a certain point . charlie what 's that ? haven a gun . ( to the waiter ) Champagne . the waiter exit . Charlie look at Haven curiously . prince be we celebrate something ? haven ( to Charlie ) you know , the first time I talk to you we have champagne . ( smile at she ) I think I should have be a missionary and go to China after all . he take out the pipe , twirl it in he finger . the waiter put down the champagne . Charlie be look at Haven with puzzlement and curiosity . the waiter go ... charlie do not you bring I something ? haven no . charlie but you will ? haven no . her face change ; harden . she glance across at Prince . Haven watch Prince with a smile . prince ( quietly ) no -- just like that ? haven it 's easy to explain . it 's just a little hard to believe . charlie make it as credible as you can . haven ( smile grimly ) I can not . ( fill the pipe ) I go to get it , and it be there . but so be somebody else . charlie who ? haven Mrs. caslon . charlie alone ? haven no ... she have a gun with she . prince do you have one too ? haven the one she have be in she hand . there be a silence . Prince stare idly at the dice cube in he hand . Charlie stare straight at Haven . Haven glance at Prince . haven this could be that slip you mention . Prince just stare at he . charlie ( to Haven ) so this nice lady hold you up and take the gold , be that it ? haven it 's like say I get rob at Sunday school . it 's no good , be it ? prince ( look at he ) no , it be not . haven I even have to walk back to town . I think that may be one of the longest walk I ever take . prince and one of the last . Haven take a sip of the champagne , Charlie 's whole manner have now change . it be cold and very quiet . prince Mick might have kill you , but you fight he with you fist . the sheriff have a gun but you take it away from he . Ben have a gun last night but it do not seem to scare you . now this genteol petticoat wave a pistol and you run for you life . haven ( twirling the wineglass , glance at Charlie ) he make it sound very silly . prince or I make it sound like what it be : a lie ! ( he rise ) Haven reach in he pocket for a match . Prince , mistake the gesture , swiftly extract a small pistol from he belt , cover he . prince no . Haven extract the match , with a glance of contempt at Prince ; then light the pipe again . haven ( smile faintly ) my word do not seem very good around here . prince you have only get one thing leave that 's any good here - and that 's some gold . haven ( to Charlie ) be that all I have get ? charlie not quite . you have get some time . you have get two hour to get it here . there be a brief silence that punctuate this statement . it have a air of fatal finality , mark by the idle music of the deaf pianist . Haven put he pipe away , carefully so that Prince will not get any mistaken idea . haven you want I to fatten you up before you kill I ? be that what you mean ? charlie I say what I mean -- two hour . Haven rise . he brushes some dust off he coat , smile thinly at Charlie . haven I once know a guy who steal a dime tip from a lunch counter and parlay it into fifty thousand . I might try that -- but not in two hour . she say nothing ; she face carve out of ice . Prince smile thinly . Haven look at he , shrug . he hesitates ; then pat Charlie 's frigid shoulder . haven ( to Charlie ) you be sweet . he turn and walk slowly out . the dirge of the piano follow he . Prince finger he pistol a little , tempt . at a look from Charlie he put it away . Haven go out . Charlie suddenly leave the table and go quickly up the stair . Prince watch she with a slow smile , pick up Haven 's gun and pocket it ... wipe ext . STREET - day as Haven leave the saloon . he pause , look around , up at the sky , then down the street . he take out he pipe and beginning fill it slowly with tobacco , as Mark bristow come hurry across the street . moving shot of Haven as he walk very slowly , fill the pipe , and Mark come alongside and walk with he . Haven hardly glance at he . bristow I have be look for you . where have you be ? haven I take a walk in the country . bristow do you get it for she ? haven no. ( pause in front of the hotel ) sorry . mo . shot of Haven and Mark outside the hotel . Mark be afraid and puzzle . he keep stare at Haven 's face . bristow but that be the deal . you agree to -- he pause as two man walk by . bristow if you be try to pull something -- haven ( finish with the pipe ) you want to listen ? bristow ( calming himself ) all right . haven ( explicitly ) I can not deliver it because I no longer have it . it be take away from I by Mrs. caslon . I have tell Charlie , and she 's very unhappy . I have two hour to produce the loot . you have not any idea where a man could raise fifty thousand quickly , have you ? Mark 's mouth pop open . haven I think not . Haven light the pipe . Mark stand there , mouth open ; fear drain the blood from he face . his voice be a mere whisper . bristow what be you go to do ...? haven nothing , Mark . the boat just sail . bristow what about I ? haven you will have to think of something very good . Mark stare at he , then look off . his face become grim . he almost glare back at Haven . bristow I can think of something . haven ( patting he shoulder with a slight smile ) go ahead , Mark . go ahead and do it . Mark stare at he , then turn abruptly away . he hurry across the street . Haven watch he as he go off in the direction of Mrs. caslon . Haven smile and walk inside the hotel . wipe int . haven be room - day he enter , lock the door . pull the shade at the window , take off he shoe and coat and lie down on the bed . he gaze towards the wall , thoughtfully . he get up , go to the window , open it softly ; then look out . down the alley , at the corner , a man be loung ; a ugly look character , whose eye watch the alleyway . Haven smile wryly , go back to the bed and lie down . the piano music start next door . int . SALOON - day show the deaf pianist at the piano , play . camera pick up Pete as he enter , follows he as he walk up the stair . int . upper hallway - SALOON as Pete knock on Charlie 's office door , then enter . int . charlie' office - day as Pete enter . he look around . Mick be sit there and Prince . Charlie be stand at the window . by another door another grim character stand in silence . Charlie turn as Peter enter . charlie everything ready ? pete all set . prince get enough man at the sawmill ? pete plenty . prince all right . go back out there and get they into the uniform . we will hit the post just before midnight . Pete turn and walk out , shutting the door behind he . there be silence . Charlie look out the window again . Prince fool with the dice . Mick stand stolidly near the door . at last the silence be break over the tick of the wall clock . prince I do not know what we be wait for . charlie I give he some time . he 's in the hotel . he 's not do anything . I give he some time . I do not care what he do with it . she have not turn from the window . the clock tick . from behind she Mick 's voice come , quiet and deadly . mick and I do not care when , but I will get he . charlie again ? Mick be silent . Charlie smile thinly . ext . STREET - night as Mark hurry into the saloon , a desperate look on he face . int . charlie' office - day as Charlie turn from the window . charlie bristow 's here . prince this should be good . charlie ( to Mick ) let he in . Mick go to the door , open it ; just as Mark arrive a little breathlessly at the door . Mark enter , a little surprised at the door open for he , glance back as Mick quietly shut it . Charlie look coldly at the lawyer who be sweat again . Mark stand there , silent a moment , gather himself together . charlie you want the i.o.u' ? bristow you mean -- she have turn to the safe ; now she turn with they and as Mark reach for they , Charlie drop they at he foot . they scatter . he bend to pick they up . Prince smile at he contemptuously . Mark be pick they up one at a time when suddenly he pause , stand erect , and look at they with fear and suspicion . bristow why ? do Haven -- prince no , he do not . bristow then I do not understand -- prince we do not think they be go to be any good . Mark stand there . the papers slip from he finger . he know what Prince mean . but he mouth harden in a effort . bristow I do not have anything to do with it . all I do be write it . I be not in on this . I can still make they good . ( he put a couple back on the desk ) or I can -- charlie what ? bristow I can do business . ( fumble in he pocket ) I get it somewhere . I -- here -- take a look at this -- the deposition -- ( bring out the deposition ) the only copy . charlie ( coldly ) let 's have it . bristow ( eagerly ) here . hand it to she . prince what do you want ? bristow ( as Charlie open the envelope ) nothing . I just want to get out of it . I never have any part of it . this ought to prove that ! charlie this ? she hand he the paper from the envelope . Marks take it and stare at it . it be absolutely a blank piece of paper . he stand there , bite he lip . he look wearily around at they , fear make he weak , make he unable to hold the piece of paper , so that it float to the carpet . bristow ( at last ) it 's -- it 's a trick . I -- ( try to pull himself together ) I will see about this ! he can not do this to I ! ( move back towards the door ) I will go and see about this ! charlie sure , you see about it . he stop dead in he track as Charlie move towards he with a little pistol , pearl -handle . but she only give it to he . she have to take he hand and put it in he palm . charlie take this along . he back out , the little gun in he hand . Mick open the door . in sudden relief and haste Mark barrel out . they can hear he quick foot on the stair outside . Prince look at Charlie . prince something leave to wait for ? charlie ( slowly ) no. Prince get up and leave , and Mick , with a grim smile of anticipation follow . Charlie sit slowly down in the chair . the music come up the stair and through the door . int . haven' bedroom - day Haven be lie on the bed , he arm under he head , he eye on the ceiling . there be a SOUND in the hallway and then a hurried knock at the door . Haven slowly rise , walk to the door . he stand there . the knock sound again . haven who be it ? mark voice it 's I -- bristow -- let I in . Haven open the door . Mark enter swiftly , the little gun in he hand . Haven shut the door and lock it . he turn and face Mark , now point the gun . without a word Haven walk over to the bed and lie down again , look at the ceiling . Mark follow he with the gun . haven you go to shoot I , Mark ? bristow you double cross I , Haven . haven I do ? bristow I get the deposition back . I take it to they . Haven lean on one elbow , look at he . bristow it be not there ! it be a piece of blank paper ! Haven lie back with a short laugh . Mark stare at he in fury . bristow do not you laugh at I ! I ought to kill you ! haven they want you to , Mark . Haven again lean on one elbow , look at Mark and the tremble hand that hold the gun . haven and it may be you only out , if you do . but I doubt it . you know why ? because even if you take they my scalp , it would not buy you life . you be in debt and you be break and you be scared -- and you know far too much . there be not any way they use you -- alive . can you think of one ? Mark sit slowly back in the chair , beat . bristow they be go to do it . I know it . they be go to kill I -- ( he hand tremble ) why do they have to kill I ? haven we , Mark ... Haven get up slowly , reach over and take the little gun , smile at it . haven this must be hers . bristow ( dully ) yes . haven she 's sweet . he put the gun on the table . Mark 's tooth be chatter . he be almost ready to cry . Haven get a bottle and pour he a drink in a dusty glass . he hand it to Mark . haven there 's one thing , Mark . bristow ( gulp the drink ) there be ? haven you might get out of town . bristow there be not a chance in a thousand . haven if there 's one in a million , it 's the only one you have . Mark get up waveringly . take another hooker . bristow yes -- we might get away with it . we might ... haven I be not go . Mark stare at he . Haven smile grimly back . haven I have to stay . bristow but you can not stay . you say yourself -- haven if you must do this , go straight to you horse . do not stop for anything . bristow -- I have get a lot of important papers -- haven you have not get anything important leave , Mark -- except you life , and very little time to keep it . you do it very fast and you might be lucky . bristow ( try to pull himself together ) yes . I might be . I will try it . Mark hurry out into the hall . go . Haven turn back and look at the room , pick up the little pistol , smile at it . shrug and then slip into he coat and exit , too . int . HOTEL lobby - day as Haven enter . shoot from he angle , we can see , as he do , Mark crossing the street , apparently towards he law office . he be in such a hurry that he fall down , crawl a little , get up , run . just as he reach the office door , just as he hand touch the knob , a shot ring out and he crumple . he still try , then he hand slip from the knob and he lie there dead . the vacant street be empty with he death . Haven stare . he take a match from the counter , apply it to he pipe -- then find the pipe empty , smile thinly and pocket it haven ( softly ; turn to the clerk ) you do not throw away that verse ? orville no . haven you will not have to change it much . he take the little pistol from he pocket and glance at it . the clerk , watch , idly strumm the guitar string . orville you be not go out there with that ? haven not much , be it ? orville you will never get closer to have nothin ' -- haven ( stare out ) no -- I will not . orville say -- haven yeh ? orville I be naturally sentimental , bein ' a sort of poet . haven naturally . orville I keep a bunch of gimerack -- a oldtime sheriff 's gun , a bullet from a dead bandit , a rosary from some guy they hang . haven that 's nice . a hobby ? orville in a way -- want to leave I something ? Haven smile . he feel in he pocket , come out with the army button get at the sawmill . haven this be all I seem to have . orville ( take it ) Army button . ( puzzle ) where 's the uniform that go with it ? haven what do you want for -- ( he pause as the idea hit he ) yeh ? a very good question . the clerk stare at he ; Haven smile grimly . he break the little gun , check it . haven I might even know . I think I will try to go and find out . he start to the door , the little gun in hand ; very slowly . watch he , the clerk twang the string softly . Haven walk very slowly . he open the door and hesitates . just as he be about to step out , look up and down the street , there be a furor and the sheriff ride up outside and dismount . start over to inspect Mark 's body . he turn as Haven walk on to the street , hand hold high . ext . STREET - day as Haven emerge and the sheriff hold a gun on he . angle on Mick as down the street , with disgust , he lower he gun . angle on Prince as from a doorway he watch . stop with a shake of he head the intent of a man beside he to shoot . full shot -- street -- as Haven surrender to the sheriff . sheriff all right , you -- march . Haven obey , walk up the street -- the sheriff and the sheriff 's horse behind he . people watch , appear now in safety . the sheriff be pretty pleased . moving shot -- of Haven and sheriff . as they go , Haven 's hand still aloft . haven you load you gun for this ? sheriff no -- you do . back of they can now be see the figure of Mick and Prince and the other gunman , follow at a little distance . go leisurely , now Haven slow he pace so that the sheriff be closer behind he . sheriff come on , you ! keep move ! Haven suddenly drop to he knee . the sheriff almost walk over he . the sheriff stumble with a oath . Haven grapples with he . Haven snatch he gun , drag he by a headlock to the horse , fling he aside and then mount . a second later he be away . Shots ring out as Mick and Prince and the gunman shoot . Haven ride on , bent low , out of town . the sheriff hide he bulk in the dust as the bullet fly . angle from Charlie 's office -- as she go to the window , stare out at the fly form of Haven . a slow smile come over she face , bitter and grim , yet somehow faintly admire ... she see Mick mount a horse and start after Haven . then she turn abruptly away . wipe ext . country road - day as Haven slow down he horse , but go on at a fair clip after look warily back . he break open the sheriff 's gun , find it load . he react and whistle softly . as he swing he horse off the travel road to head crosscountry for the sawmill . fade out fade in ext . near sawmill - night as Haven sit on he horse at a point in the wood where he can look down on the sawmill . around the mill office there seem to be sign of unusual activity . Haven see Mick marion go by on the road towards the mill . Mick pass not far away and be riding hard . Haven watch as Mick arrive and Pete can be see in conference with he . other man -- too many -- be gather around . at last Haven dismount and make he way carefully on foot towards the warehouse . ext . wood in back of warehouse as Haven leave he horse in the brush and tree and then approach the building . he find a window in back , break it with a stone ; then wait tensely to see if the sound have attract any attention , gun in hand now . it do not . Haven replace the gun in he holster , open the window and crawl inside . int . warehouse - night Haven survey the pile of crate , box and equipment . he start he search methodically and swiftly . suddenly a shaft of light come from the front door open now by two man . Haven shrink back , draw he gun . the man start to enter when Pete 's voice be hear . pete' voice where you guy goin ' ? man you want they uniform out , do not you ? pete' voice I will tell you when . the man turn and leave . Haven relax . he go back to work , pull back a big canvas tarpaulin one of the man have approach , and there before he be reveal the army uniform , stack in neat pile . he look and smile grimly . outside be the SOUND of horse and more man arrive . Haven go slowly around the warehouse now , look for something . at last he find it : a can of kerosene . he take it over to the uniform , pour it liberally on they . at just this moment a figure appear at the door . man what you think you be doin ' ? Haven light a match and toss it on the soak bale of uniform . they blaze up instantly . the man shoot as Haven duck away . ext . warehouse - night as the shot ring out . Pete and Mick , surround by many man , turn swiftly . flame and smoke emerge from the warehouse . they start swiftly across , draw gun . the man at the door shoot again into the smoking interior . a answer shot from Haven fell he . int . warehouse - night as Haven make he way back to the open window . he crawl out swiftly . now the building be in flame . he can hear shouting and , as he move away , the useless attempt of man to put out the blaze , work with bucket of water . ext . warehouse - night as Haven start for the wood . the flame now light the ground around , and Pete appear around the side of the building . Pete fire and Haven draw and shoot . Pete whirl away , hit but still on he foot , drive forward , try to shoot again and this time Haven drill he clean and Pete go down to stay . other man come up as Haven make for the wood , disappear . Mick marion and a dozen man appear , shoot . Mick suddenly change he mind , turn past the body of Pete , get he horse and head back to town full tilt . int . wood - night as Haven watch the flame building . the slowly approach figure of the man be illumine in the big light of the fire . Haven smile , turn to the horse and move slowly through the tree to a place where he can mount ; then mount and ride for it , shot follow he as he break into the clear some hundred yard away and head for the road that Mick marion take back to town . bent low , Haven ride for he life -- and make it ... fade out fade in ext . army post - dawn as Haven ride up , a detachment of man supervise by stellman be form beside mount in the parade ground . Haven dismount and start inside . he glance at he wagon park outside . it be the one Mrs. caslon take from he . he smile slightly as he note it . int . army post - ile ' office - dawn Haven walk in , brushes past the desk sergeant with a cursory nod and enter ile ' sanctum . int . ile ' office - dawn as Haven enter . Mrs. caslon be there , and ile , in full field uniform . they look at he quickly as he enter ; he pause , glance at Mrs. caslon and then face the explosive ile . ile that 's all right . just barge right in ! I be go to tell you something ... haven ( abruptly ) no , you be not . you be go to listen . as ile stare , dumbfounded , at this impertinence : haven you lose some uniform ? you think they be burn ? ile they be . haven no , they be not , but they be now because I just set fire to they . ile ( rise ) what 's this ? haven they be smoulder right now in the warehouse at the sawmill , and there be about seventy man down there who be ready to wear they . ile wear they ? what for ? haven what other reason ? to get in the post and take the gold from you . ile gawk at he . haven you be take a detachment up north on a indian scare ? ile nod vaguely . haven well , that scare be a fake . a ruse . so you know where to send they now . ile look here , Lieutenant -- haven correction . Haven dip into a lining pocket under he arm and toss a paper at ile . ile glance at it , then look , thunderstruck , at Haven . ile Major ? haven you better get down to that sawmill , Captain . they may try it anyway . ile ' expression slowly change . he smile at last . ile I guess I owe you a apology . haven ( extend he hand ) I will take it . he shake hand with ile for second , then ile go out abruptly . outside we can hear abrupt command to the sergeant before the door close . Haven take out he pipe , look at the silent , dumb-struck Mrs caslon . he smile at she slightly . she get she voice at last . mrs . caslon I guess I owe you something too . haven only fifty thousand . outside " to horse " be sounding . Haven glance out the window , hardly aware of Mrs caslon 's presence . mrs . caslon I wish there be something I could say or do . haven there be . you can give I back my gun . she go to the desk , get it and hand it to he . he take the gun from he holster and hand it to she . haven and you can give this one back to the sheriff . she take it . mrs . caslon I will always remember what a fool I make of myself . haven ( smile ) I always try to forget . he put he own gun in holster . glance out the window . mrs . caslon ( watch he face ) be you go too ? haven not with they ... he pat she shoulder in a gesture of goodbye and walk out the door . she stand watch he , then move to the window and look out . ext . post - dawn as Haven walk outside towards he wait horse . he pause , pipe in mouth , lighting the pipe now , he face intensely interested as he watch the man form on the parade ground in front of the mount ile and stellman . full shot of soldier . as they mount to a brisk command , and the color bearer take position . ile bark out a command ; the column form into march order . on the double quick , the cavalry company start out and on the way . close shot of Haven as he watch ; he eye lighting a little , the pipe in hand . we feel that he would like to go too in this moment . another angle from Haven 's view , as the column of cavalry depart . Haven wave he hand , a half salute , a half gesture to ile as ile salute he in pass . then only the dust remain and Haven 's gaze linger . his face change . it become grim . he slowly knock the ash from the pipe , pocket it . he slowly mount the horse . he take out he gun and check it . then slowly he ride away , like a man on a mission he dislike but cannot evade . int . ile office - dawn as Mrs. caslon look out the window . her face , tense , as she watch the lonely figure go ; she hand wave slightly . dissolve int . charlie' office - dawn Charlie be stand by the desk and window . Prince be sit there , talk , the inevitable dice in he finger . prince there 's seventy man ready for any kind of play . I say we can still swing it -- and get out of town . there be SOUND of mass horse outside and Charlie look out . Prince walk to the window . they look in silence . charlie can we ? ext . STREET - dawn as ile ride by at full gallop , follow by a troop of cavalry , head for the sawmill . int . charlie' office - dawn as they watch . Prince turn away . prince you want to give Haven time . well , he take it . charlie you better get out before he take you . prince by that I presume you intend to remain . charlie ( wistfully ) I have be here as long as I remember . Prince cross to the window and stand look at Charlie . prince I ask you once if Haven move I out . ( he smile ) I think he 's move we both out -- together . Charlie look at he but do not answer and then she turn to the window , and smile slightly . Prince follow she gaze to the street . his face be grim . ext . STREET - dawn Haven , mount , be come up the street . slowly and carefully he progress to the front of the saloon . int . charlie' office - dawn as Charlie glance at Prince . prince ( softly ) this be the way I want it ... and when I have finish you will too ... as though Haven have never be here . he turn and go quietly and swiftly from the room . Charlie stand thoughtfully . there be nothing in she look or manner to indicate that what Prince have say have make the slight impression on she . ext . STREET - dawn as Haven come up to the saloon door . int . SALOON dawn as Prince move into a shadowy corner . angle on the door as Haven enter and look around . he see no one . the place seem utterly desert . it be soundless . camera follows Haven as he move slowly . he have replace the gun , but he be alert . angle on Prince as he watch Haven , now a perfect target , not look in he direction . Prince raise the gun a little , but the dice in he over hand click ever so faintly . shot of Haven as he stop dead in he track , hand on the gun again , alert at the slight sound of the dice . now face towards the shadow where Prince be hide . he stand ready and rigid for a long still moment . when there be no further sound or movement , he go on towards the stair . angle on Prince as he move slightly from the shadow as Haven go to the stair . Prince be ready to shoot again , but now the angle on Haven up the stair be no good . he lower the gun with disgust , then move softly out of the shadow . int . charlie' office - dawn she get a gun out of the drawer , look at it , smile , drop it back into the drawer , move around the desk and face the door , compose herself and wait . ext . charlie' door as Haven pause , push it open . then walk slowly in . int . charlie' office - dawn she be stand with she back to the desk , she finger tight on the edge of the desk as Haven walk in . he stop and look around and then at she . there be a slight smile on she face . charlie you cause I a awful lot of trouble . haven yeh ... but I finally bring you something . he hand she the little derringer she have give to Mark . haven you do not really think Mark would use it , do you ? charlie maybe I just want to send you a gun . haven ( thoughtfully ) maybe . charlie be not it a little late to make any difference ? haven it 's pretty late . charlie why ? haven I have to arrest you . charlie for what ? haven murder . charlie I could have kill you from the window -- but I do not . and I do not kill the two man -- or goodard . haven who do ? charlie maybe Mick -- maybe Prince -- who know . haven you know . she put the little gun on the desk . charlie you would almost as soon be kill as arrest I , would not you ? haven almost . charlie which be you -- Wells fargo or Army ? haven Army . he hand she the paper he show ile . she just glance at it without touch it . smile at he . charlie I guess it 's my turn to wish you would go to China . haven I wish I have too . charlie ( quietly ) if you still have that gold , and I think you do , we might make it yet . you see I believe that every man have he price . haven some man do not believe that . charlie but every woman know it . her eye pass he towards the door behind he . haven only there would not be any woman on my jury . ( take out he pipe ) and that 's why you be not as bad off as you might think ... I could find twelve man who might think you capable of almost anything -- but I would not bet they would vote that way after stare at you through a trial . ( he note she eye go past he ) Mick be dead for the murder and Prince can be hang for the rest of it ... at the bare rustle of SOUND behind he ( and the memory of she eye go past he ) Haven whirl , stop aside and draw as he do so . and just as he do so , Prince , in the doorway , fire . Haven shoot so that the shot ring out almost simultaneously . Prince topple forward on he knee and then he face . the dice roll out of he unclench leave hand . mo . shot of Haven and Charlie as they eye read the dice . Haven put away the gun . Charlie be still lean against the desk , but there be a strange look on she face . a thin smile for Haven . now she sag a little and Haven realize she have be hit . he start to she and she turn away towards the couch . he catch she as she sag again , and help she down gently on the couch . angle on couch as Haven kneel beside she . he start to pull away the top of she dress , but the wound be close to the heart . she shake she head . charlie it 's no good ... Haven know it . he take she hand and squeeze it . haven I will get someone -- charlie stay here . Haven stare grimly at she face . she give he a faint smile . charlie tell I something ... haven sure . charlie this get we all . this do not count . haven ( softly ) no ... charlie tell I something -- on the square . she hold herself tight a moment ; then look at he again , the faint smile return . charlie do you ever -- love I ? haven all the time . charlie ( a whisper ) tell it . haven from the first night and the first time of the song . I try to get away from it , but every time it come back . every time I try to get it out of my brain I just push it deeper into my heart . it have to be either you or I . charlie it 's all right . I love you ... ( as he look hard at she ) well -- say it . haven ( softly ) I love you . she start to die . he take she shoulder in he hand as though to kiss she or hold she back to life . her voice be almost a whisper . charlie see you ... in China . she go , slumping back . he sit there , pat she shoulder in a familiar absent - minded way , then slowly rise . grimly , Haven walk out of the room . moving shot as Haven go down the stairway . the deaf pianist be play as always . int . HOTEL orville be at he old seat behind the desk . he be play the last verse of the ballad . Haven enter and cross to he bag , he face blank and grim . he pick up he bag , turn and walk out , as though not hearing the guitar and the ballad . as he go into the street -- fade out the end