stay by David Benioff use for educational purpose only ext . brooklyn bridge -- night a wreck Ford mustang burn in the middle of the empty bridge . empty . no other car , no people in sight .. there be a gape hole in the windshield on the driver 's side . flame consume the backseat . smoke spill out the window . the radio still play , however : the Band 's " I shall be released . " one of the mustang 's front tire have blow out . scrap of black rubber litter the accident scene . as the camera pull in , we see henry letham , twenty , sit in front of the ruin car . his eye be close . he look sick -- pale , skinny , dishevel -- but he have a presence , a magnetism that compel you to look at he . finally Henry open he eye . after a moment he stand and walk away from the burn car , never turn around , head for the illuminate tower of Manhattan . somewhere nearby a baby be howling , though no one be in sight . int . morningside height apartment -- morning Tuesday the baby 's howl continue , faintly , in the background . dr . SAM foster , a psychiatrist in he early forty , wake up in bed , disorient , sunlight shine on the dishevel sheet . for several second Sam look about the apartment , confuse , as if he 's never see the place before . ext . ollie' noodle shop -- 116th and broadway -- morning Sam park he old , batter volvo in front of the chinese noodle shop . he check he watch and curse under he breath . Sam 's hair be beginning to gray , but he 's still build like a college tennis player . he smile readily but there be a brood quality about he , in he dark eye , that suggest he have see thing most of we have not ext . columbia university -- morning the bell be toll . Sam dash through the campus gate . under he tweed blazer he wear a fray navy - blue cable - knit sweater . as he round a corner he check he watch , and before he look up collide with lila culpepper , knock she styrofoam cup of coffee to the sidewalk with she stylish haircut and clothing , lila look more like a young editor of a fashion magazine than a graduate student . only the thick philosophy textbooks she carry and she red - ink stain finger give she away . she shove he . lila watch where you be go , old man . SAM Jesus , kid this day ... he kiss she on the lip . lila I do not have time to stand here flirt with you . I have get to give a test to grunbaum 's undergrad . Sam stoops to pick up the empty cup , stand straight , crumple the cup , toss it into a nearby garbage can . SAM thank God none of the tas look like you when I be a student . I would have flunk every test . lila ( unimpress ) oh , that 's sweet . can I tell you something ? she sidle up next to he and fix the collar of he jacket . SAM what ? lila you owe I a cup of coffee . ext . turner hall -- morning Sam hurry inside the sleek , angular , glass - and -steel building . int . turner hall -- morning Sam get out of the elevator and wave to a receptionist sit behind a desk . a sign on the wall behind she read columbia university counseling and psychological SERVICES . SAM hey , Toni . tont hey , Sam . Henry letham 's wait in Beth 's office . SAM thanks . he walk down the hallway and open the last door on the leave . int . beth levy's office -- continuous Henry , wear paint-spatter army pants and a black long - sleeve tee-shirt , stand at the window of the bookshelf - line office , look out at the sky . he stare at Sam when Sam enter the room . Sam smile and nod . SAM Henry ? henry where 's Dr. levy ? SAM Dr. levy have a appendectomy , she will be go a few week . I be Dr. Foster , I be cover for she . Sam offer he hand and Henry examine it for a moment before shaking . Sam go behind the desk to sit and gesture for Henry to sit inn one of the face chair . Sam pull a manila folder from he suitcase . Henry sit on the edge of a face chair . he look ready to bolt at any second . Henry hold a piece of string which he coil tightly around he index finger , then uncoil , then coil again . henry so you be the substitute shrink ? Sam smile . SAM I guess you could call I that . do it make you uncomfortable that I be fill in for Dr. levy ? Henry think about it , coiling the string tightly . henry be she you girlfriend ? SAM no . we be classmate , actually . so listen , I read you file -- henry oh , really ? May I read you file ? SAM Fair enough . how about you ask I a question for every question I ask you ? henry how about we do not play stupid game . Sam smile and lean back in he chair . Far from be deterr by Henry 's attitude , he 's intrigue . he like challenge . SAM okay . tell I why you be here . henry you read the file . you ought to know . SAM you torch you car . why ? henry I do not know . SAM what do you mean , you do not know ? henry I do not remember . SAM be you drink ? henry I open my eye and I be sit in the car and it be on fire . Henry be quiet for a moment , remember . SAM do you often set fire ? henry no. I be not a pyromaniac or anything . it 's not like I burn fly when I be a kid . ( beat ) maybe a couple time I do . be that bad ? SAM for the fly it be . henry I remember they try to crawl when they be on fire . Henry be silent for a moment . he coil the string so tightly around he finger that the tip of he finger turn bright red . henry ( cont 'd ) maybe Hell be the place where all the bad thing you have do come back to get you . another pause . Sam point at Henry 's finger . SAM you be cut off the circulation . henry I never mean to hurt anyone . SAM you be a kid . kid be cruel . henry I be not talk about the fly . SAM what be you talk about ? abruptly , Henry stand , knock over he chair in the process . he bend down to pick it up . henry sorry . I better go . SAM be you sure ? I feel like we be just get start . henry no , no , I better -- Henry look out the window . henry ( cont 'd ) we will have hail this afternoon . Sam watch he leave and then stare out the window . the sky be bright blue . ext . riverside park -- afternoon the sky be still blue on this beautiful autumn afternoon . Sam and lila , on rollerblade , slowly roll down the promenade overlook the Hudson River . lila hold Sam 's hand , steadying he . lila be obviously skilled ; Sam be obviously a beginner . he wear a helmet , kneepad , and elbow pad over he long - sleeve tee-shirt . lila do not lean forward too much . SAM okay . lila try to relax . you be too tense . try to get the rhythm . you want it to feel natural . SAM I have wheel strapped to my foot there 's nothing natural about it . two kid on rollerblade whiz by the couple . Sam , try to get out of the way , nearly fall . one of the kid begin skate backwards . he nudge he friend and imitate Sam 's spastic motion . both of they laugh and zoom away . SAM ( cont 'd ) ha ha , you little bastard . lila we do not have to do this , you know . it 's suppose to be fun . SAM I be have fun . he let go of lila 's hand and try to skate in the manner of Eric heiden , pump he leg with one hand behind he back go faster and faster . lila Sam ... Sam , now out of control , begin speed downhill . SAM how do I stop ? how do I stop ? ahead of he , the path fork leave and right . he will not be able to make the turn at this speed . at the last second , Sam grab onto a lamppost . he spin around the post and flop into a bush . lila ( catch up ) Sam ? Sam ? Sam lie on the ground , catch he breath . he 's cover with leave and dirt . lila ( cont ’d ) you okay ? lila crouch beside he and begin check he for injury with the practice skill of a nurse . SAM I be fine , I be fine . lila that be impressive . she lie down next to he . SAM maybe I be not ready for this . I be not so coordinate . lila that 's okay . you be a sexy klutz . they kiss . lila pull herself closer , she hand on Sam 's wrist . abruptly , Sam pull he long sleeve down farther , as if to hide something on he wrist . lila release he . for a moment both of they be quiet . lila ( cont 'd ) you do not have to do that . you do not have to hide from I . Sam do not look at she . SAM I be not hide . lila Sam . Sam raise he head . lila ( cont 'd ) do not hide . she kiss he . in the middle of the kiss a loud crack startles both of they . lila ( cont 'd ) what be that ? for a few second nothing happen . and then another crack , and then another , come rapid fire now , grape-size chunks of ice fall from the sky and shatter on the paved walkway . SAM hail . int . car -- night driver' Pov we see the road through the driver 's eye . we be somewhere in Brooklyn , drive fast through a string of green light . everything be very , very quiet . we turn to the right . a green-eyed woman ( 20 ) sit in the passenger seat . she say something , but we can not hear a word . she smile . int . subway car -- afternoon Henry open he eye . he sit in a car that shudder and rattles its way through the underground . on he lap be a book on the artist Tristan réveur . he pull a cigarette from a pack and light it . next to Henry sleep a long-haire teenage boy wear a walkman : from the headphone we hear " I shall be released . " various subway rider glare at Henry and wave away the smoke , obviously annoyed that he 's pollute they airspace . a young woman who wear she blonde hair in dreadlock sit across the car , watch Henry . young woman you go to Columbia , right ? we be both in psych 221 . Professor matthewson ? ( point at he book ) you do you oral presentation on psychosis and Tristan réveur right ? Henry stare at she as if she 's speak a alien language . a businessman stand between they , hold onto the metal pole , wear a gray suit and carry a attache case , shake he head at Henry . businessman no smoking on the train . henry what ? businessman ( point ) look at the sign , fella . no smoking on the train . Henry look at the sign . insert no smoking sign 10 . businessman ( cont 'd ) capeesh ? put it out . henry capeesh ? be you in the mafia ? the businessman lean closer , until he face be inch from Henry 's . businessman put out the fuck cigarette . Henry slowly roll he shirtsleeve back from he forearm . the skin be mottle with fresh burn . he draw on he cigarette until its point be red-hot , then stab it out on the skin of he wrist . he do not flinch . the businessman reel backward . the dreadlock Columbia student 's mouth drop open . the people sit next to Henry stand and move away . Henry offer the cigarette butt to the businessman , who wave he hand at it and move away , mutter : businessman ( cont 'd ) you ought to be lock up . henry I be . when the train pull into the next station , the businessman and the Columbia caucastafarian hastily depart . int . sam' bedroom -- night bookshelve overflow with book dominate the space . the one luxurious feature be a work fireplace where a well - build little fire now burn . lila 's curl up in bed , highlight line in Dante 's purgatorio . Sam , lie beside she , speak on the phone . SAM hey , Beth , this be Sam . hope you be feel better . I meet with you patient Henry letham today , think maybe we could compare note . anyway , give I a call . 11 . he hang up and stare into the fire , he hand fold over he chest . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( to lila ) you do not think it 's a little odd , predict a hailstorm like that ? lila ( not really pay attention ) so he watch the weather Channel . SAM I look in the newspaper . there be nothing about any hail today . lila maybe he 's a shaman and he do a little hail dance . SAM okay , forget it . lila ( finally look up ) how 's Beth levy ? SAM I do not know . she have not return any of my call . lila hm . SAM what do " hm " mean ? lila she always kind of like you do not she ? Sam jab lila in the rib with he finger . SAM what be you , jealous ? Beth 's one of my oldest friend . lila she 's you oldest friend , that 's suppose to make I unjealous ? 12 . SAM unjealous ? lila she 's in love . it 's obvious to everyone but you . and every day you wear that sweater she make you -- she point at the blue sweater , lie fold on top of the dresser . lila ( cont 'd ) -- and all I can think be , damn , I can not even knit . SAM she save my life , sweetheart . lila I know . SAM you be the only one for I , all right ? I know I would find you . and I do . lila ( kissing he on the lip ) it take you long enough . int . beth levy's office -- morning Wednesday Sam sit behind Beth 's desk and Henry sit face he . SAM have you consider a career in meteorology ? Henry say nothing , only stare at the chew - down stub of he fingernails . SAM ( cont ' D ) the weatherman say something about the hail ? henry I can not listen to the weatherman anymore . I do not understand a word he say . 13. SAM you do not understand the weatherman ? henry do you ? SAM sure . he say rain , I bring a umbrella . Henry stare at Sam for a moment , try to gauge the psychiatrist . he seem to come to a decision . henry I do not know what 's real anymore . SAM go on. ( off Henry 's non-response ) give I a chance , Henry . I be good at what I do . henry the voice never stop . SAM voice ? henry in my head . they never stop . SAM why be you so reluctant to tell I that ? henry I do not want to fit into you grid . I do not want you say , " okay , paranoid schizophrenic . two hundred milligram of risperdol should do the trick . " SAM you do not want I make assumption about you , right ? Henry nod . SAM ( cont 'd ) but be not you make assumption about I ? you think I want to fit you into a grid ? ( more ) 14 . SAM ( cont would ) I do not make grid . I want to know the particular about Henry letham . you hear voice . all right , that 's important information . what be the voice say ? Henry shake he head and look out the window . SAM ( cont 'd ) I think it might be helpful if you start write it down . henry write what down ? SAM what the voice be say . write down the exact word when you hear they . okay ? Henry ? Henry have not be listen . henry what ? SAM write down what the voice be say . Henry grab a pen and a pad of paper from the desk and begin write . SAM ( cont 'd ) they be talk to you now ? Henry continue write furiously . when he finish he stare at he own jag cursive SAM ( cont 'd ) can I see ? Henry hand the pad over . Sam study it , strain to read the handwrite . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( read ) " write down what the voice be say ... they be talk to you now ? " ( look at Henry ) that be not a hallucination , that be I talk . 15 . henry you come inside my head , Doctor , and show I how to tell the difference . SAM ( continue to read ) " stay , Henry , stay . stay . stay. stay . " ( look at Henry ) you be hearing this voice now ? Henry nod , rub he palm over he scar forearm . SAM ( cont 'd ) do you recognize the voice ? henry yes . SAM who be it ? henry I do not know . SAM you just say you do . henry it 's a woman . I know she , but I do not know who she be . SAM I do not understand . Henry say nothing , only scratch he forearm . Sam notice the fresh burn on Henry 's arm . he stand , go around the desk , gently take Henry 's arm and inspect it . SAM ( cont 'd ) what 's this from ? henry I burn myself . Sam look closer . he notice the old burn scar that constellate Henry 's forearm . SAM ( more firmly ) what be this scar from ? 16 . absently , Henry look at he forearm . henry cigarettes , I guess . SAM why do you have cigarette scar on you forearm ? henry because I keep burn myself . Sam nod and study Henry for a moment . he release Henry 's arm and sit on the edge of the desk SAM why do you want to hurt yourself ? henry I guess it 's practice . SAM practice for what ? henry for Hell . Sam take a deep breath and exhales . SAM you think you be go to Hell ? Henry nod . SAM ( cont 'd ) why ? henry because of what I do . SAM what do you do ? Henry shake he head , stare out the window . SAM ( cont 'd ) whatever it be , we -- henry I know you be try to help I , Doctor . and thank you . but it 's too late . 17 . SAM why be it too late ? Henry stand and grab he bookbag off the floor . henry Saturday at midnight I be go to kill myself . he rub he arm and smile . henry ( cont 'd ) I need to get ready . he walk out , leave a stunne Sam alone in the room . int . columbia presbyterian hospital -- afternoon Sam walk down the corridor of the mental Health Ward . he knock on a office door mark : mobile crisis unit . no answer . as he 's about to knock again he hear a commotion at the end of the hallway . two strapping paramedics be wrestle a fiercely agitate , heavy - set woman , daisy , toward one of the room . she appear to be homeless , wear layer upon layer of filthy clothing , she hair matte , she skin dirty and bruise . stand beside the paramedics , doctor schlegel , a gaunt man with a sparse goatee , try to calm the woman . dr . schlegel come on , Daisy . we have get you television turn on and everything . take it easy . daisy I am not a nazi ! I am not a nazi goddamn you ! dr . schlegel nobody 's call you a Nazi , Daisy . come on , now . Sam hurry down the corridor toward the disturbance . Daisy fall to the floor and the paramedics , unable to force she into the room , try to hold she still as she thrashes in they arm . Dr. schlegel have prepare a hypodermic and now crouch wait for a opportunity to stick Daisy . 18 . daisy I am not a nazt ! dr . schlegel I know it , Daisy , I know it . daisy ( beginning to sob ) you can not treat I this way . I be not a Nazi ! I do not deserve this . dr . schlegel believe it or not , sweetheart , it 's for you own good . the paramedics hold she tight and schlegel stick the needle in Daisy 's arm . dr . schlegel ( cont ’d ) if you would remember to take you pill , we would not have to go through this every month . daisy I be not a Nazi . I be lovable . dr . schlegel you be . daisy ( already beginning to fade ) I be lovable . the paramedics hoist Daisy to she foot and lead she peacefully into the bedroom . Dr. schlegel see Sam for the first time and smile , a little embarrassed . dr . schlegel hey , Sam . the glamorous world of psychiatry , huh ? they shake hand and schlegel lead Sam back toward the mobile crisis unit office . dr . schlegel ( cont 'd ) so what bring you to Club med ? SAM I want to check the protocol on involuntary committal . ( more ) 19 . SAM ( cont would ) I have get a student threaten to kill himself . dr . schlegel Jesus , tell he to take a number well , the rule be pretty straightforward . if he say he 's gonna hurt himself or someone else , we can take he in . but we can only hold he here for forty - eight hour . SAM forty -eight hour ? what be we go to do in forty - eight hour ? they stop outside the mcu office . dr . schlegel hold he hand , feed he some pill . ( beat ) if we catch he in the actual attempt , that 's different . he 's break the law . but just base on a threat ? without a court order , we can not keep he for long . SAM he want to do it Saturday at midnight . if we take he in now he will be out by then . dr . schlegel what , he 's get a appointment to off himself ? SAM that 's what he tell I . Saturday , midnight . dr . schlegel so maybe we should pick he up Friday , hold he through the weekend . ( shaking he head ) as you just see , it 's not a real fun process . if there 's any way to avoid it , avoid it . what do you have he on ? SAM he will not take any pill . ( beat ) ( more ) 20 . SAM ( cont would ) he want to die , Jeff . I have get three day to convince he not to . ext . twelfth STREET -- dusk Sam be walk home when he stop to watch piano mover at work . use rope and pulley , they hoist a bechstein baby grand toward the open window of a fourth - floor apartment . piano mover 1 act as the foreman , issue command . piano mover 1 easy , easy . a small boy , accompany by he mother , run down the street hold a red balloon . he trip and fall and the balloon begin to float away . boy ( yell at escape balloon ) wait ! wait ! the piano mover hear the boy 's cry and see the balloon . piano mover 1 make a valiant effort to capture the escape balloon ; he run after it and leap ... but he can not quite reach it . everyone watch the red balloon drift skyward . piano mover 1 sorry , kid . it 's go to balloon heaven . Sam smile and enter he building , where the doorman greet he . int . sam' apartment -- dusk lila meet Sam at the door and kiss he on the lip . lila I do not think you be go to make it . I need you to make a fire . you be the only Eagle scout I have ever date . she lead he into the bedroom . 21 . SAM I never make Eagle scout . the troop master catch I drink mad Dog 20 / 20 in my tent with lydia eumanian . lila lydia eumanian ? SAM the horniest thirteen - year-old in Northern New Jersey . lila curl up at the foot of she bed and watch as Sam grab a bundle of twig from beside the fireplace and start lay down the kindling . lila only because I never live in Northern New Jersey . Sam begin stack the log . lila ( cont ' D ) be you okay , baby ? you look a little tense . SAM that student . Henry . he tell I he be go to kill himself Saturday night . lila kid at Columbia be always talk about kill themselves . it 's hip . it 's like wear black . SAM I do not think it 's a front for this one . Saturday at midnight , he say . just like that . like it 's a date he 's make . Sam roll a old newspaper and insert it beneath the stack log . lila why Saturday ? Sam strike a match and light the fire . SAM hm ? 22 . lila why do he want to do it on Saturday ? what 's so special about midnight Saturday ? Sam watch the kindling catch . SAM he leave before I could ask . confident that the fire be in good shape , Sam walk over to the bedside table , pick up the phone and dial a number . he wait for a moment and then shake he head . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) Beth , it 's Sam again . where be you ? you all right ? uh , okay , give I a call when you get this . he hang up and sit on the edge of the bed . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be start to get a little worried about she . lila I be start to get a little worried about you , baby . it 's a hell of a job , listen to this crazy boy and girl all day . SAM at least I get you all night . lila grab Sam by the collar and pull he over to she . they kiss . SAM ( cont 'd ) do not go crazy on I . int . beth levy's office -- morning Thursday Sam sit behind the desk and Henry sit face he . Sam hold a type contract . SAM I want to propose a deal . I have write up a contract . ( more ) 23 . SAM ( cont would ) it say you will not do anything to hurt yourself without contact I first . and here 's my card . it have my home phone and cell phone , so you can call I whenever you want . Henry lean forward and take the contract and business card from Sam . he read the contract quickly , sign he name , and hand it back to Sam . he pocket the card . henry Saturday at midnight I die . consider yourself contact . Sam , bewilder , look at the contract for a moment and then set it aside . SAM why Saturday ? henry it 's my twenty - first birthday . SAM I think the tradition be to go out and get drunk , not blow you brain out . henry have you hear of Tristan réveur ? he be one of the dada artist . when he be eighteen he tell everyone he would live three more year and then go to New York and kill himself . and that 's exactly what he do . he come to New York for he twenty - first birthday , see the sight , and shot himself in the head . both of they be silent for a while . SAM what about you parent ? have you consider what this might do to they ? henry they do not care . SAM how do you know that ? 24 . henry it 's pretty obvious . SAM do they live around here ? henry no . they be over in mahlus garden . SAM mahlus garden ? where 's that ? henry it 's a cemetery in New Jersey . I think you read my file . SAM ( startle ) I do . it do not mention anything about that . henry it 's a little out of date , then . Henry stand , walk over to the office window and look out across the campus . SAM any other family ? Henry shake he head . SAM ( cont 'd ) Friends ? ( off Henry 's silence ) who be you close to ? henry what do you mean , close to ? SAM if you get into trouble and you need someone , who would you go to ? henry I be in trouble . Henry do not say this in a self - pity way . he be simply state a fact . SAM yes , I think you be . 25 . henry then you have get you answer . Sam do not understand . henry ( cont 'd ) I come to you , Doctor . I guess that mean I be close to you . SAM to I ? we meet two day ago . Henry inspect he fingernails . henry there be a girl . SAM ( perk up ) a girlfriend ? henry I barely even talk to she . she be my waitress at this diner I use to go to . on Canal street. ( beat ) she would keep fill my coffee cup . she would say , " be everything okay ? " I mean , I know waitress be always ask that , but ... this be stupid . SAM no , it 's not stupid . this waitress do you ever get she name ? henry Athena . SAM Athena ? really ? ( beat ) all right , that 's a start . henry no , it 's not . she be in my life for a few minute and now she 's go . SAM she 's not go . she 's somewhere else . 26 . henry there be no somewhere else . if you be not in my life , you do not exist . SAM ( smile ) you think I disappear when you be not watch ? henry I be always watch . int . car - night we be back in the driver' Pov again , speed along the Brooklyn - queen Expressway . the Brooklyn Bridge loom in the distance , gothic arch majestically light we look at the green -ey woman , but she 's speak to someone in the backseat . her mouth move but everything be silent . we turn to the road again . the bridge be wait for we . ext . central park zoo -- afternoon montage : Henry enter the Zoo beneath the delacorte clock , the bronze animal play they instrument , mark the hour . Henry watch a lone silverback gorilla who sit on a large rock , stare back at Henry . Henry sit on a park bench , watch a old man throw bread crumb to a horde of squawk pigeon . Henry sit in the last row of the bleacher overlook the seal pool . the front row be fill with scream child . on a island in the middle of the pool , trainers toss fish to the seal as reward for various trick : clap they flipper , jump through hoop , kissing each other balance ball on they nose . int . polar bear tank -- afternoon we see a blurred Henry through the window of a polar bear tank . the bear be swim lap , never pause . 27 . it 's a oddly graceful animal , bulky but elegant , flipping at each end of the pool to kick off the wall ( one wall be the window that Henry stand behind ) . ext . polar bear tank -- afternoon Henry seem mesmerize by the bear 's endless swim . a well - dress englishman and englishwoman approach and watch the bear perform its lap . englishman ( to Henry ) you suppose he 's bored ? henry I think he 's try to forget where he be . the englishman nod and they all watch the bear in silence for a moment . int . polar bear tank the polar bear glide soundlessly through the water , ignore the blurred face beyond the glass . ext . polar bear tank somewhere nearby a baby be howling . Henry look around but there be no baby in sight . englishman and be it work ? Henry look at the englishman . henry it 's hard to forget where you be , be not it ? englishman you tell I . both the man and he wife smile at Henry and walk away . Henry watch they go . the unseen baby continue to howl . 28 . ext . columbia philosophy build -- afternoon lila sit cross -legge in the grass lawn that front the philosophy building , highlight line in a textbook . a few foot away , rodin 's bronze Le penseur sit in permanent contemplation . SAM ( 0.s. ) so what 's he think ? lila look up from she book and see Sam stare at the statue . she smile and study the thinker for a moment . SAM ( cont 'd ) I think therefore I be ? lila it 's not think anything . it 's a statue . SAM you be kind of literal minded , you know that ? she grin and toss aside she book . lila you grade two hundred papers in a week , see how literal minded you get . ( beat ) you meet with that student today ? the suicidal one ? Sam squat down beside lila and pick at the grass . he rest he briefcase on the ground beside he . SAM he come in , yeah . lila and ? why do he want to die ? Sam stare at lila for a while and she look away , flustered . lila ( cont ' D ) I be sorry , be that a stupid question ? Sam shake he head . he take lila 's hand . 29 . SAM no . it 's the question . I just do not have a answer yet . lila and you ... do you ... she 's obviously uncomfortable , not sure how to proceed . he kiss lila see Sam turn Sam walk SAM I need to find something he want to live for . lila how be you go to do that ? SAM he will tell I . that 's why he keep come to see I . ( check he watch ) I have get a meeting to get to . see you at home . she on the lip , stand , and begin walk away . that he 's leave he briefcase lie on the ground . lila Henry ! and stare at she . lila point at the briefcase . lila ( cont 'd ) forgetting something ? back to she , stare at she the whole time . lila ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? SAM what do you just call I ? lila ( confuse ) what ? SAM you just call I Henry . lila baby , I think I know you name by now . 30 . SAM but you call I Henry . lila hold up she hand . lila hey , do not shoot . SAM no , it 's just -- li LA I know who you be , Sam . I promise . SAM okay . okay . he grab he briefcase , kiss she again , and walk away . she watch he go . ext . hungarian cafe -- morning Friday Henry sit on the sidewalk outside the cafe , play cat 's cradle with a string . he 's good , create intricate pattern and undoing they . Sam walk up to he . SAM hey . you be early . henry I skip glee club today . SAM oh. ( beat ) that 's a joke , right ? henry yes , sir . Sam lead Henry inside . int . hungarian cafe -- continuous a small , dark cafe where student and professors drink coffee and eat homemade pastry . bad art line the wall . 31 . Henry and Sam find seat in a corner of the room , far away from everyone else . the song play on the radio end ; the new song be " I shall be released . " Henry sit up straight when he hear the song . he stare at the nearest stereo speaker as if try to figure something out . henry I can not escape this song . ( look at Sam ) why do you want to meet here ? SAM the hungarian Cafe ? sentimental favorite . when I be a undergrad I work here . ( point ) I lose my virginity under that table . henry ( shocked ) you what ? SAM I use to lock up every night . so one time I bring my girlfriend here and we have a bottle of wine , and , you know , one thing lead to another . it be not very comfortable . Henry laugh and shake he head . henry I never have a shrink tell I something like that . SAM ( look up at the artwork ) they still have the same bad art on the wall . henry ( look at the art ) Tristan réveur use to say that bad art be more tragically beautiful than good art , because bad art document human failure . 32 . SAM I do not know about this Tristan réveur guy . I think you ought to choose you role model a little more carefully . ( beat ; very sober now ) you do understand that I be require by law to report anyone who physically threaten himself or other ? Henry laugh . SAM ( cont 'd ) what 's funny ? henry you take all this so seriously . SAM should I not take it seriously ? be that what you be tell I ? be this a joke ? henry I be not talk about Saturday . I be go to die on Saturday . I just mean you role . the psychiatrist . you play it well . Sam consider this for a moment . SAM why do you think I be play a role ? Henry smile but do not answer . SAM ( cont 'd ) be you play a role ? the suicidal romantic ? why would you choose that role ? why do you want to die ? the smile disappear from Henry 's face . he rub he palm over the burn on he forearm . henry I do not want to keep hurt people . SAM who do you hurt ? 33 . henry I do not know . Henry be become more and more distraught . he stare at the floor , pick at he fingernails . but Sam will not let it rest -- he know he 's on to something important . SAM have you do something , Henry ? you have hurt someone ? henry I do not know . maybe . SAM you do know . what have you do ? Henry , still stare at the floor , begin to shake he head violently . SAM ( cont 'd ) be that why you be think about suicide ? be that it ? you need to punish yourself ? what happen ? henry I do not remember . SAM you do not want to remember . but you have to . you can not escape from the truth . whatever it be you have do , you have to face it . suddenly Henry stop shaking he head and look straight at Sam , a strange smile on he face . henry if I can not escape from the truth we be all in serious trouble , Dr. Foster . ext . hamilton lawn -- columbia campus -- afternoon Sam and dr . leon patterson , a middle - age blind man wear dark glass , sit on fold chair , face each other over a fold - away chess table . a small radio on the grass play billy holiday . Sam move he queen . 34 . SAM Queen to g4 . leon billy holiday . I remember she sing at the five Spot , year ago . SAM I wish I could have hear she leon yes . well , I wish I could have see she . SAM here , I want to show you something . give I you hand . Sam pull a small , pale - blue Tiffany 's box from he blazer pocket , open it , pull out a diamond ring and hand it to Leon . Leon rotate the ring between he finger and rub the stone . leon it 's certainly a very hard diamond . SAM that 's what I ask for . I say , " give I the hardest diamond you have get . " Leon hand the ring back to Sam and then clap he on the shoulder . leon congratulation , Sam . I be very happy for you . do she know ? Sam return the ring to he blazer pocket . SAM not yet . I want the mood to be right before I propose . the last few day ... I be have a hard time with one of Beth levy 's patient . he want to kill himself Saturday night . leon Henry letham . 35 . SAM ( surprised ) you know he ? leon Beth tell I about he . he 's be plan this suicide for quite some time . the good news be , he 's still meeting with you . he 's look for help . SAM you have be shrink head for thirty year . I figure you could give I some idea . leon knight to c3 . check . Sam move Leon 's knight for he and study the chess board . leon ( cont 'd ) do you remember the dream of the burn boy that Freud refer to ? SAM vaguely . leon vaguely meaning no ? SAM right . leon he describe a man whose child be die . the father sit by the boy' bed , night after night , mop the sweat from the boy 's forehead bring he water to drink . all for nothing . after the child die , they give he a wake , set up a circle of candle around he body . the father be exhaust , of course . he go to sleep in the next room . and he dream that he boy stand beside he , hold he arm and whisper , " Father , can not you see that I be burn ? " when the man wake up he run into the next room and see that one of the candle have fall onto the shroud and set the dead boy on fire . 36 . SAM he notice the heat or the light and he unconscious figure out a fire have start . leon probably . that 's the logical explanation . but what 's interesting , what interested Freud , be the way the father 's unconscious deal with that knowledge . some part of he know that a fire have start , but rather than waking immediately he create a dream - version of he child , to act asa messenger . SAM he want he boy alive again . the fire could wait a moment , he want he boy to stay with he . what make you think of it ? Leon smile , tapping he cane on the floor in time with the beat . leon I never stop think about it . I hear that story fifty year ago and I still can not get it out of my mind . we imagination want to protect we from everything . a shadow fall over the chess board and Sam turn around . Henry stand behind he , stare at Leon . Henry 's face be even paler than usual , he eye wide in disbelief . Sam stand and grip Henry 's shoulder . SAM Henry ! do not expect to see you . do you know Doctor Patterson ? Leon rise from he chair and extend he hand in Henry 's direction . leon hello , Henry . Henry ignore the offer hand . he can not take he eye off the old man 's face . 37 . SAM ( to Henry ) what 's the matter ? henry ( to Leon , in a daze whisper ) what be you do here ? Leon be confuse , unsure whether he 's be speak to or not . he withdraw he extend hand . leon Excuse I ? henry you be dead . Leon be puzzle for a moment but smile . leon not yet , I be happy to say . Dr. Foster , I will leave you two in peace . we will finish the game later yes ? Leon walk away , tapping the ground before he with he cane . SAM be you all right ? here , take a seat . Henry remain stand . he watch Leon disappear around a corner before turn on Sam . henry you be play game with I . SAM what be you talk about ? nobody 's play game . henry ( furious ) why do you bring he here ? be you torture I ? SAM Henry - - henry what be you do to I ? 38 . SAM what be you talk about ? henry that 's my father , goddamn you . Sam stare at Henry for a moment and then sit . SAM Dr. Patterson never marry . he have no child . henry I know my father . SAM listen -- henry you think I would not recognize my own father ? SAM I think you tell I you father be dead . henry he be dead . he die and they bury he and that be he sit here . SAM Henry , think about it for a minute . Dr. Patterson be alive and well . Henry do not say anything for a while . he rub he scar forearm in silence . finally , gesture at the campus about they , the building and tree and student : henry everything you believe be a lie . SAM then tell I the truth . Henry close he eye for a moment . henry you trouble will cease and fortune will smile upon you . Sam stare at the student , perplex . 39 . SAM where do that come from ? but Henry be already walk away . ext . corning dormitory -- later Sam and a custodian stand by the entrance . a specially - mark mobile crisis unit ambulance pull up . Dr. schlegel step out , follow by the two burly paramedics from before . SAM we can not wait any longer . dr . schlegel let 's do it . all four man enter the building . int . dormitory hallway Sam knock on the door to room 313 . there be no sound from within . the custodian flip through the key on he massive key ring . the other man wait in silence . custodian here we go . he slip the master key into the lock and open the door . int . henry's dorm room the room be very dark . the custodian walk over to a window and pull the shade up . weak sunlight stream in . custodian Jesus . the room be small and almost empty : there be a bare mattress in one corner and a chair by the window . a phone and answer machine be on the chair . every inch of the wall and ceiling be cover with minuscule handwrite , a endless loop of black ink . Sam step closer to the wall and examine it . the phrase forgive I repeat again and again and again . 40 . the paramedics exchange glance . Dr. schlegel study the handwrite carefully . something on the floor catch he eye and he stoops to pick it up . dr . schlegel trouble . Dr. schlegel hand a small box to Sam . insert empty BOX of .38 caliber cartridge Sam walk over to the answer machine . insert phone machine the number 1 be flash in the LED display . Sam look at Dr. schlegel , who nod . Sam push the play button . for a moment there be nothing but static . in the background we hear a murmur of voice and distant siren . after a few second of this a female voice : female voice stay Henry stay stay stay Henry stay stay stay Henry stay stay stay Henry stay stay stay Henry stay stay stay Henry stay stay stay Henry stay . ext . dormitory Sam and Dr. schlegel stand alone on the step while the paramedics stand in front of the ambulance , smoking cigarettes and watch the college girl stroll by . SAM now what ? dr . schlegel not much we can do at this point . we do not have the manpower for a stakeout or anything like that . I will notify the police but they will not do anything . SAM why not ? 41 . dr . schlegel because they be New York City cop , that 's why not . they have get more important thing to do than look for depressed college student . SAM then I will find he . dr . schlegel okay . if you spot he , give I a call and we will pick he up for you . but do I a favor , Sam ? SAM what 's that ? dr . schlegel be careful . a guy this far go 's get nothing to lose . int . car - night driver' Pov we're on the ramp lead up to the Brooklyn Bridge . the gothic tower , massive and impose , rise above we . it 's late , traffic be light , and we be move fast int . cathedral of ST . JOHN the divine -- late afternoon Henry sit , head bow , eye close , in a forward pew of the enormous cathedral . a enthusiastic blonde tour guide be lead a group of midwestern tourist up the nave , point out the sight . tour guide the large stain glass window , above the entry - way -- look like a kaleidoscope , do not it ? -- contain over three thousand separate piece of glass . some of the best craftsman from around the world have work on the Cathedral of St. John the Divine , but it 's a long way from finish . it will not be complete for at least another century . the tour group exit the cathedral , leave Henry alone in the building . he raise he head toward the ceiling . 42 . henry's Pov the roof of the cathedral be so high , and the lighting so poor , that it 's impossible to see the ceiling . from somewhere inside the building a baby be howl echoe . Henry look around , wonder where the sound be come from . he get up and begin to follow the noise . everywhere he go statue of the saint stare down at he , unsmile . no matter where he stand , the baby 's howl seem just as far away . he walk up the nave , toward the entrance . the cathedral be very dark , the nave very long . his footstep echo off the stone wall . finally he reach daylight and exit . ext . cathedral Henry examine the hallucinogenic peace fountain on the cathedral 's grounds . Saint Michael , winge and victorious and sword - wield , have just decapitate Satan , whose headless body be plunging into the abyss . Henry walk over to the fence - off garden behind the peace Fountain . the one peacock in Manhattan life in this garden . Henry , behind the fence , watch it strutting about , fan its gorgeous array of feather . boy ( 0.s. ) mommy , be that man go to die ? Henry wheel about . the small boy we last see hold a red ' balloon stand a few yard away , hold he mother be hand . he have a new red balloon . both mother and child stare at Henry . finally the mother tug she son away , but the child continue to stare over he shoulder at Henry . int . sam' apartment -- night Sam sit at the kitchen table . the document , from Henry 's folder be spread out before he : transcript , application material , etc . 43. Sam study a passport photograph of Henry for a moment then continue to sift through the material while lila , sit on the opposite side of the table , eat take - out chinese food . SAM ( examine a memo ) he refuse to take the mandatory swim test . maybe he 's afraid of water . lila ( chew ) mm. SAM citation for Studio Art . apparently he 's a accomplish painter . lila do you ever hear from Beth levy ? SAM no. listen to this : " of all the student I have encounter at Columbia , Henry letham have the most fertile imagination . if he maintain he concentration he will create new world with he art . " lila clearly that professor want to fuck Henry letham . Sam , still paging through the document , laugh . SAM there 's the graduate student cynicism I know and love . lila what exactly be you do , baby ? Sam look up at she . SAM what do you mean ? lila you be let this kid take over you life . it 's not you job to track down miss student . 44 . Sam be quiet for a moment . SAM whose job be it ? lila I just do not think it 's healthy to be so obsessed with one patient . SAM I do not think it 's healthy , either . but if I do not help he , no one else will . he 's alone in the world . lila maybe you be right . maybe I ama cynic . but it seem to I that he 's use you . ( beat ) you want you fortune cookie ? SAM it 's all yours . lila crack open the cookie and pull out the fortune . lila ( read ) " you trouble will cease and fortune will smile upon you . " Sam slowly look up at she . all the color have drain from he face . lila ( cont 'd ) and not a moment too soon , that 's all I can say . ( notice Sam 's expression ) what 's the matter , baby ? Sam ? int . apartment build hallway -- night Sam stand outside a apartment door , hold the Henry letham folder . he ring the doorbell . no answer . he ring again . he bang on the door . no answer . SAM ( yell ) Beth ? finally the door open , still chain . 45 . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( quieter ) Beth ? it 's Sam . be you okay ? dr . beth levy unchain the door and walk back into the apartment . frizz-haired and overweight , Beth look bad . she obviously have not shower in day , or change she clothes . int . beth' apartment -- continuous Sam follow she inside , close the door behind he . the only light in the apartment be from the streetlight . Beth sit on the floor , she back against a sofa . SAM how you feel ? I be sorry , I should have come earlier Beth be not pay any attention to he . Sam sit down a few foot away from she . SAM ( cont 'd ) Beth ? ( force a laugh ) they have get you doped up on some serious painkiller , huh ? what be you on , vicodin ? percoset ? beth there be no surgery . SAM what do you mean ? the appendectomy - - they decide not to operate ? beth I make it up . SAM you ... why ? beth do you want to play ? can we play a kissing game ? she begin crawl toward he on she hand and knee . beth ( cont ' D ) I always want to kiss you . let 's play a kissing game . okay ? 46 . Sam hold up he hand . SAM Beth ... she stop abruptly and sink back on she haunch . beth no , I be too old for you . I be too fat . you like they young and skinny , do not you ? like that little slut you live with . SAM stop . Beth 's face seem on the verge of collapse . beth do not hate I , Sam . please do not hate I . SAM how could I hate you ? beth not that it matter . not that any of it matter . SAM this have something to do with Henry letham . Beth laugh very hard . it be not a pleasant sound . beth oh , yes , yes , it do ! hurrah , you win ! it do have something to do with Henry letham . you win the grand prize . very good , very good , ten point . thank you for play , Henry . Sam cock he head and look at she more closely . SAM it 's Sam . beth I remember you . sad , sad Sam . Henry 's get quite a imagination do not he ? I remember you . ( more ) 47 . beth ( cont would ) I remember clean you bathroom floor , on my hand and knee between the tile , behind the sink everywhere . Sam be speechless for a moment . SAM that be twenty year ago . what do that have to do with Henry ? beth everything have to do with Henry . SAM you know he 's plan to kill himself this weekend ? beth no more monday , anyway . that 's the good news . I never like monday . we play make-believe . do not we ? we play make - believe for so many year . except it be not we play . SAM do you know where I can find he ? Beth ? beth ask he mother . SAM his mother ? his mother 's dead . beth ask she anyway . int . beth' bedroom -- later Sam have manage to get Beth into bed . she sleep now while Sam sit at the foot of the bed , look through papers from Henry 's folder . he dial a number on he cell phone . SAM hello ? yes , . I be sorry to bother you at this hour . my name be Dr Sam Foster , I be a psychiatrist at Columbia University . yes . I be call about a student name Henry letham . 48 . Sam listen . SAM ( cont 'd ) he 's you son ? he ... I be sorry , this be very strange . he tell I you have die ... hello ? hello ? Sam stare at the cell phone . he dial the number again and listen . nobody answer . beth ( 0.s. ) you have no idea what 's go on do you ? Sam turn and see Beth sit up in bed , watch he . she be calmer now , but she eye be still bloodshot and wild . SAM he lie to I . beth trust I , Sam -- the truth be worse than the lie . ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge -- night we watch the batter old volvo glide over the Hudson beneath the light suspension cable . ext . suburban road -- night Sam drive down dark New Jersey back road . he pull into the driveway of a small , rundown house . no light be on inside . int . sam' volvo -- continuous Sam check the address on the form in Henry 's folder . he look up , see 9625 on the mailbox . he park the car . ext . letham house -- continuous Sam get out of the car and walk to the doorstep . the house be dark . Sam ring the doorbell . no answer . he ring again . mrs . letham ( 0.s. ) I have be wait for you . 49 . Sam spin around . mrs . letham sit in the darkness on a porch swing . she wear a silk kerchief around she head , the kind that chemotherapy patient sometimes wear SAM Mrs. letham ? I be Dr. Sam Foster . I call before ? ( beat ) sorry to bother you at this hour , but it 's a emergency . mrs . letham I think you would never come visit . she stand and approach Sam . she have a limp . she 's a kind - look woman , but weary , with dark circle below she blue eye and wisp of gray hair straying out from under the kerchief . SAM I would have call earlier except ... to be honest , I do not even know you be alive . mrs . letham I guess it 's easy to forget I , all alone out here in the country . SAM you son 's not well .. that 's what I be here about . I be try to find he . he 's ... he 's threaten suicide . Mrs. letham laugh but the laugh turn into a cough . limp to the front door . mrs . letham I know why you come . not because of I . you come to see olive , do not you ? Sam frown . SAM olive ? mrs . letham I know you do . she she open the door , flick on a light and lead he inside . in the light we can see that Mrs. letham have a wine- stain birthmark on she leave cheek . 50 . int . letham foyer -- continuous the house be immaculate . the window be spotless ; the chandelier by the staircase glitter ; the hardwood floor be polished and gleam . but there be no furniture to be see anywhere . Sam and Mrs. letham 's footstep echo in the empty house . a black neapolitan mastiff pad into the room and stare at the newcomer . the dog be massive , at least 160 pound slobber - jaw , its black eye tiny in its huge head . SAM ( under he breath ) Jesus . mrs. letham here she be . she 's be lonely . I and olive keep each other company . it feel like we have be alone in this house for a thousand year . SAM hey , olive . how you do , girl ? the mastiff stare at he impassively . mrs . letham she do not remember you anymore , you have be away so long . ( beat ) let I fix you something to eat . I have some leftover in the fridge . SAM no thank you , I eat . do you know how to contact you son ? any friend or relative he might have go to see ? but Mrs. letham limp into the kitchen anyway and Sam be force to follow she . olive pad in after they . int . letham kitchen -- continuous the kitchen shine like the rest of the house . someone have spend hour scrubbing every surface until it gleam . Mrs. letham open the refrigerator and look through it . 51 . the refrigerator be empty . mrs . letham most day I do not say a single word . I be silent so long sometimes I forget how to speak . it 's so quiet here . SAM Mrs. letham , we have a emergency . Henry 's in danger . suddenly , Mrs. letham seem close to tear . she close the refrigerator and look at Sam . mrs . letham do you hate I ? you must hate I . be that why you do it ? because you hate I ? SAM I do not hate you at all . you son need help . that 's why I be here . Mrs. letham smile and take Sam 's hand . mrs . letham I know you would come back , eventually . it be so quiet without you , so lonely . but now you have come back and you be never go to leave . Sam be quiet for a moment , search Mrs. letham 's smile face . SAM who do you think I be , Mrs. letham ? mrs . letham do not play this game anymore . not anymore . SAM who be i? mrs. letham you think I do not know you , Henry ? you think I do not recognize my only son ? Mrs. letham wrap she arm around Sam and squeeze he to she . 52 . mrs . letham ( cont 'd ) oh Lord , I miss you . I miss you so much . I could never stay angry at you . I know you do not mean to hurt I . Sam nod . he speak very quietly , very carefully . they be still lock in a embrace . SAM Mom ? mrs . letham yes , baby ? SAM how do I hurt you ? mrs . letham it do not matter anymore . let 's not talk about it , please . SAM where do I go on the weekend ? mrs . letham you go the city . you have be go to the city since you be old enough to take the train . SAM and where do I go in the city ? abruptly , Mrs. letham go cool . she break off the hug . mrs . letham you use to go to you class before you meet Athena . SAM Athena ? mrs . letham ( increasingly angry ) now you might not even graduate , you grade be so bad . SAM do you remember where Athena life ? 53 . mrs . letham Athena this , Athena that , always Athena , beautiful Athena . I be sick of Athena ! I be sick of she ! SAM Mrs. letham -- Sam abruptly stop talk , see what we now see . blood trickle down the side of Mrs. letham 's face , leak from underneath she kerchief . a large drop of the blood fall and splatter on the white - tile floor . Mrs. letham see the blood and grab a sponge from the sink . she drop to she knee and begin violently scrubbing at the spot on the floor . mrs . letham how could you ? you own mother , how could you ? meanwhile the blood be beginning to stream down she face . she scrub ferociously but more and more blood spatter on the tile . Sam kneel beside she . SAM let I look at you head . when he reach for she kerchief she slap away he hand and snarl . mrs . letham you do this ! olive leap upon Henry , knock he to the floor , bite viciously at he face and throat . Sam desperately hold the mastiff off , the slobbering jaw inch from he jugular . Mrs. letham watch for a few second before speak . mrs . letham ( cont 'd ) olive ! off ! upon she command the mastiff immediately disengage and retreat . Sam bleed from the hand , neck , and face . 54 . mrs . letham ( cont 'd ) you better leave , Henry . you be not welcome anymore . int . hospital room -- early morning Saturday Sam sit while a intern finish sewing up the gash on he neck . intern the percoset will make you a little drowsy , so -- SAM I know . sheriff kennelly knock on the open door and peek in . sheriff Dr. Foster ? I be sheriff kennelly . could I have a word with you , sir ? the intern drop the needle into the biohazard waste receptacle and exit the room . sheriff ( cont 'd ) you get bit up pretty good . get you raby shot already ? SAM yes . sheriff kennelly page through a notebook . sheriff now , I have be look through the report deputy carlyle give I . and I just want to check on something . you say the assault take place at 9625 rickover Street ? SAM that 's right . sheriff Home belong to the letham family . 55 . SAM right , she dog attack I . she 's -- Mrs. letham -- she 's very sick right now . she 's have some sort of head trauma , and she 's show sign of schizophrenic paranoia . she 's all alone and she need help . she should be in a hospital . sheriff the thing be , Doctor , I know Maureen letham . I go to high school with she . SAM oh. okay , well maybe you know she son , then . Henry . he 's a patient of mine at Columbia University . that 's why I visit she . sheriff sure , I remember Henry . pale , skinny kid . always read . ( laugh uncomfortably ) kind of give I the creep . SAM that 's he . sheriff what 's strange , Doctor , what I be try to figure out , be who you be speak with over at 9625 rickover Street . SAM I be sorry , I think we already establish that . Maureen letham . sheriff there 's a basic problem here I be try to work out . see , I mention I go to high school with Maureen letham . I also go to she funeral . she 's be dead for six month . Sam stare at the sheriff , dumbfounded . 56 . sheriff ( cont 'd ) car wreck . her and she husband . as far as I know , that house be empty still . the family 's try to sell it . SAM I be talk to Maureen letham last night . we be talk about she son . sheriff well , it 's probably just someone 's confuse . how long they keep you here ? SAM I have get to head back to the city as soon as possible . listen , 9625 rickover Street : I be there . Henry 's mother be there . the sheriff stare at Sam . finally he nod and stuff he notebook into he jacket pocket . sheriff all right , Dr. Foster , we will be in touch . I have get you number the sheriff turn to leave . when he 's halfway down the corridor , Sam call out to he . SAM sheriff ? sheriff yep ? SAM Maureen letham . do she have a birthmark right here ? Sam point to he leave cheek . the sheriff squint at Sam . sheriff yes sir , she do . ext . west 44 th STREET -- night Henry walk down one of the few block near Times Square that still look like the old Times Square : erotic bookshop , peep show , adult theater . 57 . everyone else on the street be dress for the cold night , but Henry still wear the same T-shirt he 's have on all day . he do not seem to notice the cold . he look up at the marquee of a porn movie theater . int . porno theater -- night he walk down the aisle and find a seat in the front row . we hear the soundtrack : the usual moan and gasp over the usual cheesy music . close on henry we watch Henry 's face bathe in the flicker light from the screen . Henry look weary . his hair lie flat and wet across he scalp . now , below the synthesize music and the grunt we hear a low and distant thump . the thump slowly get louder -- it 's a heartbeat . louder and louder until all other sound be mask . finally we see the screen . a fetus curl up within its mother 's womb , silently swim in the amniotic fluid . we pull back to see the other viewer in the theater . many of they be asleep , street people who go inside to escape the cold . that still awake stare at the screen as if nothing strange be happen . a grizzle old veteran in a army jacket . two teens from the suburb , wear they varsity jacket . a obese man , peer through coke- bottle lense . and we go back to Henry , who sit silently watch the screen . back on screen , a montage of a life in the form of brief clip from what could have be home movie . a hospital nurse present the baby boy to he mother . the boy rattles the bar of he crib . the boy take he first step . henry ( under he breath ) stop . in each new image the boy be slightly older . sledd down a snowy hill . blow out candle on a cake . Henry turn to look at the projector , lighting the screen with its story . 58 . henry ( cont 'd ) please stop it . on screen : the boy raise he hand in class . down by the shore , throw a tennis ball for olive ( the mastiff look exactly like she do when we first see she ) . kiss a girl for the first time ( judge from he close eye and hesitant pucker ) . reading a novel . stealing second base . drink whiskey with he friend . Henry , torment by what he see on screen , keep look back at the projector 's white light . henry ( cont 'd ) stop ! stop ! turn it off ! on screen : the boy smoking a cigarette ( and now , if we have not before , we recognize that it 's a young Henry on screen ) . arrive for he first day of freshman year at Columbia . shoot pool with friend in a smoky bar . sitting in the bleacher cheer for the New York yankee . henry ( cont 'd ) ( beginning to sob ) stop ! stop ! walk down Broadway with the GREEN - eyed woman , whom we recognize from the driver 's Pov sequence . driving across the Brooklyn Bridge with the green -ey woman and two passenger in back whose face we can not make out . henry ( cont ' D ) ( sobbing ; barely able to speak ) stop ... stop ... a terrible noise fill the theater -- steel collide with steel at high speed . the screen go black . Henry bolt up from he seat and run from the theater . after a few second , two word appear on the bottom of the screen , a subtitle . forgive I . the subtitle do not fade away . the man in the theater stare at the screen . nobody say a word . 59 . ext . twelfth STREET -- dawn Sam park he car down the block from he building and walk toward home . halfway there he stop to watch piano mover at work across the street . they be the same piano mover we see before , and they seem to be haul the same piano into the same apartment piano mover 1 easy , easy . Sam stop in he track . he have be here before . a small boy , accompany by he mother , run down the street hold a red balloon . he trip and fall and the balloon begin to float away . boy wait ! wait ! the workmen hear the boy 's cry and see the balloon . piano mover 1 make a valiant effort to capture the escape balloon : he run after it and leap ... but he can not quite reach it . Sam stare at the rise balloon in disbelief . piano mover 1 sorry , kid . it 's go to balloon heaven . everything but the time of day be the same : the car in the street , the kid 's crestfallen expression , the red balloon disappear into the gray sky . Sam run across the street and confront piano mover 1 . SAM you be here on Thursday . you be move this piano on Thursday , too . the man be engage in the difficult business of hoist a piano into a fourth - floor apartment and do not have time for this kind of banter . he look briefly at Sam and then back to the bechstein . piano mover 1 can I help you with something , pal ? 60 . SAM that kid with the balloon , the exact same thing happen on Thursday . piano mover 1 we be a little busy here . why do not you go bother someone else ? Sam watch the workmen on the fourth floor ease the piano into position . int . sam' apartment -- morning Sam stagger in the front door , exhaust . lila come out of the bedroom . she stop in she track when she see he , all bandage and batter , then hurry over to he . lila what happen to you ? Sam shake he head . how can he possibly explain what have happen to he ? he limp toward the bedroom . lila , nonpluss , follow after he . int . sam' bedroom -- continuous lila I be call people all over the city look for you . I be about to call the police . Sam check the clock : 8:12 a.m . he begin to undress , pull off he sweater . lila ( cont 'd ) what 's go on , Sam ? Sam sit on the edge of the bed , consider the question . SAM I do not know . lila I do not know ? you run out in the middle of the night and do not come back until eight in the morning , no phone call , no explanation , look like someone try to murder you ? do not tell I I do not know . 61 . Sam lie down on the bed , he clothes half - remove . he 's too exhaust to have a real conversation , too bewilder by the event of the last few hour , too numbe from the percoset . SAM you want a better answer , ask someone else . lila Excuse I ? SAM lila , I be see thing that do not make any sense . okay ? I be meeting people that be suppose to be dead , . Beth levy 's have a nervous breakdown and this kid I be suppose to be treat know what 's go to happen before it happen . lila you be at Beth levy 's all night ? Sam groan . lila ( cont 'd ) you be lose I , Sam . I swear to God , you be start to lose I . Sam grunt , already half - asleep . lila ( cont 'd ) ( heavy sarcasm ) I be glad we have this conversation . I think we really clear the air on some important issue . ( jangling the car key ) I be go to the library . sam' first dream the screen go black . and then bright white . the white gradually resolve and we see that we be stare into the glare of a small flashlight . the flashlight disappear and Sam 's face replace it , Sam 's face loom large , stare directly into the camera . SAM can you hear I , Henry ? Henry ? I be a doctor , I be go to help you . can you hear I ? 62 . end of sam' first dream Sam open he eye . he 's lie on he bed , still half - clothed . he look at the clock . 3 p.m . he sit straight up . he 's run out of time . int . sam' apartment -- afternoon Sam prepare to leave , after have shower and change clothes ( though he still wear the sweater he always wear ) he look at himself in the foyer mirror . his eye be haunt . int . hallway -- afternoon Sam push the elevator button and wait . the door slide open . Henry stand there . he sleep on the street and it show . Sam stumble backward . SAM Jesus christ. ( beat ) what be you do here ? how do you know where I live ? the door start to slide shut and Sam get into the elevator . they descend . SAM ( cont 'd ) I have be look all over for you . I see you mother last night . Henry seem uninterested . SAM ( cont 'd ) you tell I she be dead . Henry stare at Sam , never blink . SAM ( cont 'd ) everyone seem to think you mother 's dead . but I be stand in she kitchen talk to she . Sam indicate the bandage on he neck . SAM ( cont 'd ) I meet olive . 63 . henry olive 's dead , too . we put she to sleep when I be twelve . she have a tumor in she liver . SAM olive 's not dead . she be very much not dead . henry she be a good girl . she use to kill the rabbit . Sam grab Henry and press he against the wall of the elevator . SAM quit play with I . henry ( with mock surprise ) Doctor Foster ! SAM I want to know what 's go on . how do you know the future ? henry I make it up . the door open onto the seventh - floor . a muslim woman in full veil look into the elevator . Sam release Henry . the woman decide not to get in . everyone be silent until the door slide shut again . SAM ever since I meet you impossible thing have be happen . I be try to help you but it feel like I be lose my mind . ( beat ) what happen to you parent ? Henry shrug . SAM ( cont 'd ) there 's something you want to tell I . why can not you admit that ? if you just want to kill yourself , you would have already do it . so why do not you ? why do you keep come to I ? 64 . henry because you be the only one who can help I . Henry look down at the cigarette burn mark he forearm . henry ( cont 'd ) you want to know why I keep burn my , arm ? SAM yes. henry I want to see if I will feel any pain . SAM do you ? henry nothing . Sam look up at the floor indicator light . Henry look up as well . 3...2... 1. int . lobby -- continuous they exit the elevator in the lobby and stand in front of a mirrore wall . henry I show you my scar . now let 's see yours . Sam frown and touch the bandage on he neck but Henry shake he head . henry ( cont 'd ) no , you old scar . Sam be silent . henry ( cont 'd ) come on , do not be shy . SAM how do you know about that ? Henry say nothing . finally Sam roll up the cuff of he shirt . he hold he arm in front of he , palm up . 65 . Three narrow scar carve up each wrist . Henry look at they for a moment and then Sam roll the cuff back and button they . SAM ( cont 'd ) first year of medical school . I read somewhere you be suppose to do it in warm water , to make the blood flow quick . I be always a good reader . so I fill the tub and I cut my wrist and I wait . Beth levy find I . she be in the room across the hall , she come over to borrow a textbook . she drag I out of the bath and she put tourniquet on my arm and she call a ambulance . I would lose six pint of blood by then , but they save I . they sew I up and I be good as new . for the first time , Sam have Henry 's complete attention . the young man stare intently at Sam , wait for the rest . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be in the hospital two week . Beth come in every night and sit with I for a few hour . she be my only visitor . I do not feel like talk . not to Beth , not to anyone . so she do not talk . she sit in the corner of the room , knitting . Beth 's not a natural with the knitting needle . I mean , she 's maybe the smartest human be I have ever meet , but this be not one of she skill . she never stop though . she would screw up all the time , she would have to unravel the whole night 's work , but she never stop . do you know how good it feel to have she in there ? not talk , not give I advice , not do anything but be there with I . Henry look at Sam 's navy - blue cable - knit sweater . henry the sweater you always wear 66 . SAM ( nodd ) the morning the hospital release I , she come to give I a ride home . she look exhaust . I guess she stay up the whole night . she hand I the sweater and say , " ta - da ! finish ! " I try it on and it fit , perfectly . and she say - henry " it 's cold outside , Sam . " Sam stare at Henry . SAM she tell you the story ? henry maybe I tell she the story . SAM what the hell do that mean ? henry you be leave something out be not you ? you never tell I why . SAM why I slit my wrist ? Sam think about it for a moment and then shrug . SAM ( cont 'd ) I think everything be a lie . the whole world be a lie . henry what if it be ? Sam shrug again . SAM what if it be ? it 's not worth die over . henry why not ? why live if everything you believe turn out to be a lie ? 67 . SAM because it 's a beautiful lie . ( beat ) and I want to see what come next . Henry shake he head . henry no . you do not . he start to leave but Sam grab he by the arm . SAM I can not let you go , Henry . I be take you to the hospital . Sam begin lead Henry out the door . henry get you hand off I . SAM I can not do that . Henry pull a revolver from he waistband ( the bulk of it have be hide below he T-shirt ) . he press the muzzle against Sam 's neck . henry I think you can . SAM let I help you , Henry . let I try . Henry say nothing but Sam see the look in he eye and release he arm . henry you want to know what happen to my parent ? I kill they . I kill my mother , I kill my father . ( beat ) I be go to Hell . SAM I do not believe in Hell . henry but I do , Dr. Foster . I think we be already there . Henry walk out the building 's front door . 68 . Sam take a deep breath . he stare at he reflection in the mirrore wall . after another moment he steel himself and walk out the door . ext . morningside height -- continuous SAM Henry - - but Henry be nowhere in sight . Sam look around , try to spot he , but he 's go . a taxi wait at a red light . Sam run over to it and climb into the backseat . int . taxi -- continuous SAM Canal Street . a diner . the cabbie , a middle - age filipino wear a Met cap , turn and raise he eyebrow at Sam . cabbie which diner ? there 's maybe twenty -- Sam hand the cabbie two twenty . SAM just keep the meter run . ext . canal STREET diner -- afternoon Sam jump out of the taxi and hurry into the diner . int . canal STREET diner -- continuous Sam approach waitress 1. SAM be there a Athena work here ? waitress 1 yeah . Athena ! Sam raise he eyebrow , amaze that the search be so easy . 69 . a bull - neck butch cook wear a dirty apron , she grey hair shave to the scalp , a buxom mermaid tattooe on she thick forearm , push open the kitchen door , cleaver in she hand . butch cook yeah , what ? SAM Athena ? butch cook what do you want ? SAM be you a waitress ? butch cook do I look like a goddamn waitress ? I be the cook . SAM right , my mistake . I be very sorry . montage Sam and the cabbie work they way east on Canal Street , stop at every diner but find no green -ey Athena . it 's get darker and darker and time be run out . the wind pick up and rain start to fall . ext . diner -- night Sam end up at a rundown old diner on the corner of Canal and Allen . the cabbie drive off . this be the last diner . int . diner Sam seat himself at the counter . outside it 's pour . SAM be there a waitress here name Athena ? waitress 2 Athena ? Nah , never hear of she . 70 . SAM all right . could I just get a cup of coffee , please ? Sam reach into he blazer pocket for he wallet and feel something else . he pull out the engagement ring and turn it in the light watch the diamond sparkle . waitress 3 ( 0.s. ) you plan on propose to Athena ? Sam look up . waitress 3 apparently overhear he previous conversation . he pocket the ring . SAM no , I be - - do you know she ? we be talk about the same Athena ? Green eye ? waitress 3 you a cop ? SAM no , no , nothing like that . more like a matchmaker . I know a guy who really like she but he 's shy . waitress 3 she do not work here anymore . but she 's in my act class . SAM she be ? could you -- waitress 3 what be you , a stalker ? SAM no , honestly , look ... he pull out he wallet , remove a photo i.d. , and show it to she . SAM ( cont 'd ) see , I be a psychiatrist . waitress 3 ( examine i.d. ) you be a psychiatrist , huh ? so you can give valium prescription ? 71 . SAM I could give they to a patient of mine who need they , yes . waitress 3 okay . good luck find Athena . she walk away . Sam stare at she back and then up at the clock on the wall , which read 7:30 . Sam look at waitress 3 and take a deep breath . int . actor' studio -- night a cramped stage in front of several row of seat . athena ( the green -ey woman from the driver' Pov sequence and the life montage ) and devon , a young man with bleach hair , stand on stage , rehearse . Sam enter through a door in back . athena what have you , my good friend deserve at the hand of fortune that she send you to prison hither ? devon prison , my lord ? Sam sit in the back row and watch . his hair be wet from the rain . athena Denmark 's a prison . devon then be the world one . athena a goodly one ; in which there be many confines , ward , and dungeon Denmark be one o'th ' worst . devon we think not so , my lord . athena why , then 'tis none to you . for there be nothing either good or bad but think make it so . to I it be a prison . 72 . devon prison , my lord ? Athena grin and shake she head . athena Denmark 's a prison . we already have this conversation . devon oh , crap . um ... athena ( prompt ) why , then you ambition -- devon why , then you ambition make it one . ' tis too narrow for you mind . athena o God , I could be bound in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space , be it not that I have bad dream . ( normal speak voice ) that 's my favorite line in the whole play . devon good line . I better get home and rest the pipe . I have get a solo in choir tomorrow morning . athena thanks for read with I . you be a good rosencrantz . devon you be a good hamlet . Devon grab he satchel from the side of the stage and walk out . Sam stand and walk down to the stage , where Athena be pack up she thing . SAM I always picture hamlet as a man . athena that 's a bit narrow - minded of you , be not it ? this be the lesbian hamlet . all the part be play by woman . 73. SAM oh. that 's ... new . athena I be joke . I be ophelia . I just get so sick of play she . Lovely , lose ophelia . thing get tough and she jump in the drink . hamlet hog all the good line . SAM yeah , he 's notorious for that . athena we have meet before , have not we ? SAM I do not think so . he offer he hand and they shake . SAM ( cont 'd ) Sam Foster . athena Athena . be you join the class ? it 's good . Kenny 's a bit of a dictator , but you get use to he . Athena pull on she sweater . SAM no . I have be look for you actually . athena that 's flatter . please tell I you be a casting director . SAM a psychiatrist , unfortunately . I ... I have a patient who like you very much . Athena smile , but clearly she 's not thrilled by this conversation . athena this be a unusual way of get a date . what 's he name ? SAM Henry letham . 74 . athena ( shaking she head ) never hear of he . SAM I be hope you might know where to find he . he mention you once . he have a crush on you . you serve he coffee in a diner , you be nice to he . the way he tell it you be the one good thing that ever happen to he . athena Henry . be he very pale ? very thin and very pale ? his arm be scar ? SAM you remember he ? athena he always eat pecan pie with he coffee . I remember that . but we never speak outside the diner . except ... SAM what ? tell I . athena I feel stupid say this stuff to a psychiatrist . you will think I be insane . but I have the strangest feel about he . I mean , he 's this rag - look guy , probably have not bath in month , but something about he ... I would see he before , somewhere . I would know he . what 's wrong with he ? Sam hesitates for a moment . this be privileged information after all , which he be loathe to disclose . but there 's no time leave for play by the rule . SAM he 's go to kill himself at midnight . Athena open she mouth to speak , close it , then open it again . 75 . athena why ? SAM he seem to believe he do something terrible . and he think this be the only way he can make up for it . that 's my guess , anyway . athena I wish there be something I could do . actually ... this probably will not help , but I do run into he one night at A. Smith 's . SAM A. Smith 's ? athena the art bookstore . he be sit in the back , read . I do not know , maybe he hang out there . it 's nearby . come on , I will show you . she lead Sam out the side door ext . back alley -- continuous a very dark , narrow alley pile with trash . somewhere nearby a baby be howling . the storm have die down but a drizzle continue , and rainwater drip from the overhange fire escape . athena I know , it 's gross . Sam step in a puddle and look down . SAM Christ . he step out of the puddle and look up . Athena be nowhere in sight . SAM ( cont 'd ) Athena ? the alley seem to be darker and narrower than before ; the streetlight shine from the head , of the alley seem farther away . 76 . SAM ( cont 'd ) Athena ? he begin jogging forward . after a few step he slip ona wet wrapper and fall backwards onto the trash - strewn pavement , bang he head . for a moment everything be dark sam' second dream Sam 's face suddenly fill the screen . he be stare directly into the camera . SAM come on , kid , you need to stay conscious . come on , come on , stay with I . end of sam' second dream Sam open he eye . he 's lie on he back in the alleyway . he stand , unsteadily , and brushes the dirt from he clothes . he pat he blazer pocket and realize it 's empty . panicked , he look through all he pocket . the ring be go . he bend down and try to find the ring , but there be no light to see anything . he look up . the only light come from beneath the side door into the actor 's studio . Sam open the door and let the light from the studio shine into the alleyway . athena ( 0.s. ) why , then 'tis none to you . int . actor' studio -- continuous Sam frown and lean into the studio . he can not believe what he see . on stage , Athena and Devon be perform the same duologue as last time . athena for there be nothing either good or bad but think make it so . to I it be a prison . 77 . devon prison , my lord ? Athena grin and shake she head . athena Denmark 's a prison . we already have this conversation . Sam leg go weak . he shake he head back and forth . devon oh , crap . um ... SAM ( under he breath ) no. athena ( prompt ) why , then you ambition -- devon why , then you ambition make it one . ' tis too narrow for you mind . athena o God , I could be bound in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space , be it not that I have bad dream . Sam bolt , let the side door close behind he . neither Athena nor Devon seem to notice . athena ( cont 'd ) that 's my favorite line in the whole play . int . car - night driver' Pov we be cruise across the Brooklyn Bridge . the driver 's hand ( a man 's hand ) be on the steering wheel . we turn to the right and see Athena sleep in the passenger seat . the driver 's eye ( and the camera ) return to the road . suddenly , and with no warning , everything change . 78 . the car shake and lurch to the right . we see the hand on the wheel desperately try to control the car , but it 's impossible . through the windshield we see the road spin away from we and then the steel guardrail come at we far too fast . int . leon' apartment -- night Leon sit by a partially - open window , listen to the wind , the rain , the thunder . he sway as he listen , and gesture with he hand , as if he be conduct the storm . henry ( 0.s. ) you always love storm . Leon grab he cane and stand up . leon who 's that ? how do you get in here ? Leon tremble and thrust at the air in front of he with he cane . henry it 's I , dad . Henry . leon what be you do here ? henry what be you do here ? you die . I kiss you cheek at the wake . leon you have get the wrong man . I tell you that before . I never have any child . henry you do not recognize I . he walk over to Leon , who hear he come and raise he cane in fear . Henry grab the cane and pull the older man closer . henry ( cont 'd ) I be not go to hurt you . he remove Leon 's dark glass . Leon 's eye swim in they socket : useless , blind eye . 79 . henry ( cont 'd ) look at I , dad . look at I . close on Leon 's eye . they seem to stabilize , the pupil dilating , beginning to focus , to work . Leon look directly at Henry now . he reach out and touch the young man 's face . Leon can not speak . he look at he own hand , the line crease he palm . he look out the window . a bolt of lightning brighten the night sky and Leon moan . leon lightn . henry do you recognize I now ? Leon turn back to the boy . Leon 's face be transfix with wonder everything he see be a miracle . he touch Henry 's cheek again . leon what be you ? henry I be you son . leon no -- Henry embrace the older man , bury he face in the psychiatrist 's shoulder . henry be this my punishment , dad ? you will not recognize I ? leon I never have a-- henry please , please , dad . forgive I . leon for what ? henry for kill you . Leon push out of the embrace and take a half step backward . 80 . leon I be alive . Henry shake he head sadly . leon ( cont 'd ) what be you ? be you a god ? henry a god ? leon you perform miracle ... henry miracles ? he walk over to the live room wall . one strip of wallpaper have begin to peel slightly and Henry tear the strip off the wall . henry ( cont 'd ) you think it 's a miracle ? word in black ink be scribble on the bare wall beneath the paper . henry ( cont 'd ) can you see now ? Henry tear off a entire sheet of the wallpaper , and then another , and then another , flay the wall . the phrase forgive I be write again and again , the familiar endless loop of minuscule , torture handwrite . henry ( cont 'd ) can you see ? it 's in my head , dad . it 's all in my head . Leon stare at the write for several second , then turn to stare at Henry . leon no -- henry I be dream you . Leon open he mouth to speak but no word come out . 81 . henry ( cont 'd ) I can not get out of it . I try -- I try to wake up , but I can not . I be trap here . leon Henry - - henry but I can not die in a dream , right ? so if I try to kill myself , I will end the dream . leon and what happen to we ? Henry stare at the older man for a moment and then abruptly turn and leave . Leon limp after he . leon ( cont 'd ) what happen to we ?! what happen to we ?! Henry open the apartment door and slam it shut behind he . Leon look at the close door for a moment and then out the window , where the lightning be become more and more frequent . int . the white horse tavern -- night a sprawling old bar in the West Village . Henry , soaking wet from the rain , push open the door and enter . the barroom be nearly empty . he approach the bar . the bartender be a heavily - muscle bruiser paging through a bodybuild magazine . bartender you get i.d .? Henry take he driver 's license out of he wallet and the bartender inspect it carefully . the clock on the wall read 9:05 . bartender ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) happy birthday , kid . first one 's on the house . henry a shot of Jack with a Bud back . 82 . bartender a all - american drinker , that 's what I like to see . come right up . henry be not this where Dylan Thomas have he last drink ? bartender ( serve the shot and beer ) yep . he line up eighteen shot , down they all , and say , " there , I think that 's a record . " then he drop dead . " do not go gentle into that good night . " Henry raise he shot glass to the bartender . henry " rage , rage against the die of the light . " Henry gulp down the shot and pound the glass onto the bar . henry ( cont 'd ) eighteen more for the record . ext . eighth avenue -- night Sam , shell shocked , walk slowly down the block . he look into the face of every person he pass . a light rain continue to fall . sam' Pov every shade of humanity be represent in the quickly pass face . the beautiful and the ugly , the rich and the poor , the thin and the fat , the happy and the agitate and the expressionless . each face come into focus for a second before leave the frame . Sam stop in front of a storefront . A. smith be be write in gold script on the glass . 83. int . A. smith be -- night Sam wander through the aisle . he check the back area , where a few student sit on the window ledge , paging through art book . Henry be not here . a bespectacle clerk approach Sam . clerk can I help you find something ? SAM Henry letham . clerk a book by Henry letham or on Henry letham ? SAM no , he 's ... I think he might be here . I hear he come here sometimes . the clerk call over to smitty , the rumple shop owner , who sit behind the checkout counter paging through a book of photograph . clerk smitty , you know a guy name Henry letham ? smitty sure . ( he look at Sam ) something happen to he ? SAM I need to find he . it 's a emergency . smitty I keep tell the kid to get some sun . it 's not healthy spend all you time in bookstore . ( laugh ) look at I . SAM you have not see he tonight ? 84 . smitty Nah , he have not be by in week . you be he father ? SAM no , I ... I teach up at Columbia . smitty you be he art teacher ? kid 's get talent . I have one of he painting here somewhere . smitty duck below the counter and begin delving through the drawer . smitty ( cont 'd ) ( crouching ) here we go . he stand and spread a unframe canvas over the counter insert painting it 's a very dark , haunt interpretation of the Brooklyn Bridge at night . the perspective be unusual , look straight up the gothic arch -- the view you would have if you be lie flat on you back on the bridge . smitty ( cont 'd ) he do not have any money for the book he want , so he give I this . I think I get a pretty good deal . SAM what book do he get ? smitty Tristan réveur . what else ? the kid be obsessed with Tristan réveur . maybe he get that from you class . SAM I doubt it . do you have any more Tristan réveur book ? smitty Nah , he buy I out . it be all secondhand , out - of - print stuff . so what do you think ? be he gonna make it ? 85 . SAM what ? smitty indicate the painting . smitty you think he 's get what it take ? Sam stare at the painting and nod . int . white horse tavern -- night Henry be drunk . a row of empty shot glass be line up before he . the clock read 10:03 . the Band 's " I shall be released " play over the stereo system . henry could you change the station ? they never quit play this song . the bartender raise he eyebrow . bartender first time I hear it in year . he change the station . henry where be everybody ? bartender I guess the rain scared people away . henry it 's my birthday . I want some company . a crew of soak tourist stumble into the bar . they speak german . hauser , they leader , a tall blonde man with mutton - chop sideburn and a bead necklace , approach the bartender hauser be this the place of death of Dylan Thomas ? bartender yep . hauser ah ! 86 . he turn to he friend and announce the news in german . they all say ah ! and nod happily . int . white horse tavern -- later the Germans and Henry sit in a circle , all of they very drunk . hauser be recite a Thomas poem . he have a strong accent but he get every word right . hauser and death shall have no dominion . Dead man naked they shall be one with the man in the wind and the west moon ... meanwhile , Henry pull the heavy black revolver from the pocket of he overcoat and place it on the bar . the bartender , read he muscle magazine at the far end of the bar , do not notice . nor do the Germans . hauser ( cont 'd ) when they bone be pick clean and the clean bone go , they shall have star at elbow and foot ... Henry reach back into he pocket and dump six bullet onto the bar . hauser ( cont 'd ) though they go mad they shall be sane , though they sink through the sea they shall rise again ... Henry open the gun 's cylinder , load one bullet , spin the cylinder . hauser ( cont 'd ) though lover be lose love shall not ; and death shall have no dominion . the other Germans clap and whistle . henry you want to play a drink game ? the Germans nod and smile at he but it 's clear they have no idea what he 's talk about . he aim the revolver at he own head . 87 . the Germans be suddenly very quiet . he pull the trigger . click . he offer the gun to hauser . henry ( cont 'd ) you sure you do not want to play ? hauser ( refuse the gun ) no , please . this be for drink game ? Henry reopen the cylinder , add another bullet , spin , press the barrel to he head . henry you hear a click , you drink . you hear a bang , I drink . Henry wink at the german and pull the trigger . click . henry ( cont 'd ) drink . hauser smile and nod at he comrade . he grab a full beer mug from the bar and downs half of it in a gulp . the bartender look up , see what 's happen , throw down he magazine . bartender whoa , whoa , whoa , little brother . what be you do ? Henry do not answer . he add another bullet , spin , aim , pull the trigger . click . hauser finish the beer and place the empty mug on the bar . the other Germans , less confident that this be really a game , have slowly begin to back away . bartender ( cont 'd ) put the gun down , kid . come on . 88 . hauser ( to bartender ) this be a drink game . bartender the hell it be . another bullet into the cylinder . there be four now . spin aim , pull . click . henry drink . hauser be nervous now . he stare at he comrade , who can only watch fearfully . henry ( cont 'd ) come on , you be fall behind . hauser grab another beer and swill it down . fifth bullet . the same procedure . the bartender be inching closer to Henry . Henry look at he . the bartender freeze . click . one of the german woman start cry . hauser drink as much as he can but spit some of it up . Henry insert the sixth bullet into the sixth chamber . he close the cylinder , be about to spin it , realize he do not have to , smile at the Germans , press the muzzle against he temple . Henry lower the pistol . the bartender and the Germans release they breath at the same time . hauser it be a joke ? it be a toy , yes ? it be a toy gun ? Henry point the revolver at the bottle of Jack Daniel 's sit on the bar . he pull the trigger . the bottle explode . nobody move . Henry return the revolver to he pocket . he bow to the Germans . henry welcome to America . he walk out of the silent bar . insert clock -- 11:11 ext . eighth avenue -- night 89 . Sam be make a call from a phone booth . he ignore the rain . int . columbia library stack -- continuous lila sit in she study carrel in the desert library . on she desk : stack of book , a laptop computer , and she cell phone , which be ringing . she pick it up . lila hello ? intercut SAM it 's I . lila ( coldly ) I be surprised you remember the number . Sam try to answer but then simply shake he head . SAM be you in the library ? lila where else ? the glamorous life of a graduate student . SAM listen , do I a favor . there be a artist name Tristan réveur -- lila be I you research assistant now ? SAM we do not have time for this . believe I , we do not have time for this . Tristan réveur . ( more ) 90 . SAM ( cont would ) I need you to find he biography and tell I where he kill himself . lila you know - - SAM please , lila . lila all right . it will take I a minute , hold on . Sam wait on the line . someone tap on the side of the phone booth , behind Sam . Sam wave the person away but there 's another tap . impatiently , Sam turn around . Leon stand there , smile in the rain , no longer wear dark glass , look directly into Sam 's eye . Sam stare at Leon for a moment before speak . SAM Leon ? leon I always think you have brown eye . SAM you can see I ? leon I can see everything . for the first time , I can see everything . Sam can not speak for a moment . finally : SAM how ? leon Henry . it 's all because of Henry . Sam shake he head in stunne disbelief . SAM what 's happen to we ? leon the buddhist have it right the whole time . the world be illusion . 91 . SAM you be tell I we be dream ? leon no . Henry 's dream . int . car -- night driver' Pov we watch a terrible accident from the driver 's perspective , through the windshield : the steel guardrail rush toward we and it 's too late to swerve . the collision be utterly , eerily silent . the camera be motion follow the head of the driver , slamm forward and then back , a terrible confusion as the car begin to roll , the windshield shattered . in all this chaos we be throw from the car , but it 's impossible to get any sense of we bearing before the screen goe black . ext . seventh avenue -- night Henry , soak by the rain , stand outside a clothes boutique , well light to attract passer - by . he stare through the plate glass window at the immaculately - attire mannequin . a sign post inside the window read : everything must go . boy ( 0.s. ) mommy , be that man go to die ? Henry , startle , turn and see the same boy and mother we have encounter several time before . the mother pull she son closer . they stare at Henry . the boy hold a red balloon . Henry look down . blood be drip from he shirtsleeve , down he arm , off he fingertip , splattering on the sidewalk , mixing with the rainwater . he stare at he palm . somewhere nearby a baby be howling . when Henry look up again everything on the crowded street have stop . the car and truck and bus have stop , the people on the sidewalk have stop . 92 . everyone stare at Henry . rider on the city bus lean out the window and stare at he . bicycle messenger stare at he . a woman walk she dog stare at he , and so do the dog . the newspaper vendor stare at he . people sit ina restaurant look at he through the window . Henry close he eye . the puddle of blood by he foot grow larger and larger . int . columbia library stack insert leather book spine the gold - lettere title read : " La vie de Tristan réveur . " lila pull the book off the shelf and begin skim through the final page . her cell phone be wedge between she shoulder and she face . lila Sam ? you there ? SAM ( 0 . S. ) do you find it ? lila yeah . my french be a little rusty . let 's see ... oh , he be friend with marcel duchamp ... here it be . she read haltingly , translate as she go . lila ( cont ' D ) " at midnight on the fifteenth of March , réveur stroll calmly to the center of the Brooklyn Bridge , toss a white rise into the East River , and shot himself in the head . he be take to Bellevue Hospital and pronounce dead on arrival . " ext . eighth avenue -- continuous SAM ( on phone ) Jesus , the Brooklyn Bridge . ( beat ) listen to I . lila ? 93 . lila I be listen . SAM I do not know where we be anymore . I do not know -- lila baby - - SAM I love you . you hear ? it 's the one thing I know be real . I be put on this world to find you . lila but what 's -- SAM no matter what happen , we will find each other . int . columbia library stack -- continuous lila baby , I do not understand -- ext . eighth avenue -- continuous SAM ( on phone ) we will find each other . Sam hang up . Leon gaze with wonder at everything : the headlight , the neon , the pedestrian . SAM ( cont 'd ) what time be it ? Leon press a button on a black faceless watch he wear . a synthesize voice speak . voice eleven thirty three . leon if Henry die in he dream , the dream end . and if the dream end -- Leon spread he open hand to indicate the street , the city , the world . 94 . leon ( cont 'd ) all go . Sam pull out he wallet , fish a card from it and hand it to Leon . SAM call the police and tell they Henry 's on the Brooklyn Bridge with a gun . then call Jeff schlegel at the mobile crisis unit . Sam run to the curb and try to hail a taxi . all of they be occupy . leon Saturday night in the rain . you will never find a cab . SAM Jesus ... Sam see the subway station on the corner ( we be on eighth Avenue and fourteenth Street ) . he start run toward it . Leon watch he go and then drop schlegel 's card . it flutter to the sidewalk . Leon walk away , west on fourteenth Street . he be the only person on the sidewalk . as he walk farther from the camera , we see for the first time that hi 's foot be bare . in the middle of the block , the streetlight above he flicker and die . the succeed streetlight , line up parallel on opposite side of the avenue , progressively flicker and die . Leon disappear into the darkness . int . subway car -- night Sam 's riding on the 6 ( he take the L to the 6 ) . he 's alone in the car , except for a muslim woman in full veil . Sam look at she . be she the same woman he see in he building earlier in the day ? she resolutely keep she gaze on the floor . the express train pass by on the inside track . 95 . Sam watch it pass . each fluorescent - light car be empty . except the last car . Henry stand in the last car , hold onto a pole . his eye meet Sam 's . Henry wave goodbye as he train plunge into the tunnel ahead . ext . brooklyn bridge subway station -- night Sam run up the stair of the station and begin sprinting east . the street be slick with rain . ext . south STREET -- night Sam run . ext . east river -- night the light from the Brooklyn Bridge 's suspension cable be reflect in the dark water of the East River . a white rise float beneath the bridge , pelt by the fall rain . ext . brooklyn bridge -- night Sam finally reach the great bridge . he run up the walkway . Henry stand alone on the walkway beneath one of the two stone arch that rise above the bridge . the Manhattan -bound traffic rumble by behind he . he ignore the rain . Henry stare at the giant clockface atop a building in Brooklyn . the clock read 11:57 . SAM Henry ! Henry turn and see Sam run toward he . we now see that Henry hold the revolver in he right hand . the headlight of pass car flicker over both men' face . Henry smile . 96 . henry Dr. Foster . I be glad you come to watch . SAM ( gasp for air ) I do not come to watch . I come to stop you . Henry cock the hammer of he revolver . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( speak rapidly ) I find you waitress tonight . I find Athena . she remember you . the mention of she name seem to make Henry distraught . he shake he head violently . henry I do not mean to hurt she . SAM you have not hurt anyone yet , Henry . just put the gun down . henry I have hurt people . I have . I have do something terrible . SAM just put the gun down , Henry . okay ? put the gun down . let I help you . henry it 's the only way out . do not you see that ? SAM one of the first time I meet you you say you do not know what be real anymore . okay , well I think I do but I be wrong . I do not know what 's real , either . and if you die - henry you be real , Dr. Foster . you try to save I . you be just a little too late . ( beat ) for the longest time I do not understand what be happen to I . but now -- 97 . SAM but you wait . why do not you shoot yourself as soon as you know ? you want I to help you . why ? henry because I be afraid . I do not know what 's on the other side . ( beat ) maybe that 's why I can not wake up . I be afraid to go back there . SAM then do not . do not go back . henry it 's a dream . it 's get to end sometime . SAM listen . listen to I . if you be wrong , you pull the trigger and you be dead . end of story . henry I be not wrong . Sam nod but say nothing for a moment . SAM ( very quiet ) okay . what if you be right ? what if it be you dream ? look around . look around ! Henry take he eye off Sam and look around . the car race by , headlight stream . below the bridge the East River flow . and behind they be the tower of Manhattan . everything shimmer in the rainfall . the skyline look both majestic and fragile . SAM ( cont 'd ) the whole world be in you dream . Athena 's here , I be here , everyone . you kill yourself , you be kill all of we . ( beat ) stay here . stay with we . henry I have to wake up . 98 . the moment he say this word everything go quiet . the bridge be suddenly empty , no traffic at all , nobody in sight but Henry and Sam . the rain stop . the star , normally invisible above the city , now crowd the sky , brighter and more numerous than we have ever see they . then the star begin to fall , all the star rain from the sky , leave burn trail in they wake , the entire sky crisscross with this scar . a apocalyptic howl , the most terrifying noise imaginable , seem to erupt from everywhere and nowhere . the bridge shudder and sway . Henry shove the barrel of the revolver into he mouth . SAM please do not . please -- close on Henry . he pull the trigger . fade to white very bright . people in the theater should be shield they eye . as we fade in we see that the bright light be actually a small flashlight , shine directly into the camera . SAM ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's still alive . the camera pull back to show Henry lie on he back on the walkway , blood stream from he head . Sam be crouch beside he , hold one of he wrist . in he other hand , Sam hold a small flashlight , which he shine in Henry 's eye . Sam be not wear he navy - blue cable - knit sweater , though he be before Henry shot himself . the camera pull back farther . this be the Brooklyn Bridge but this be not the scene we just leave . , a Ford mustang have just be in a terrible collision . there be a gape hole in the windshield on the driver 's side . flame consume the backseat . smoke spill out the window . the radio still play , however : the Band 's " I shall be released . " 99 . one of the mustang 's front tire have blow out . scrap of black rubber litter the accident scene . athena be kneel next to Henry , on the opposite side of Sam , hold Henry 's other hand . Henry 's arm be burn and lacerate from the accident . other car have stop short of the mustang . all Manhattan - bound traffic have come to a halt . from the distance , we hear the blaring of horn . athena ( in shock ) he 's okay , right ? he 's go to be okay ? Sam lean closer to the injure man , so that he face be hover right above Henry 's . Henry 's eye be open . he appear able to see , but he 's lose a tremendous amount of blood . it puddle below he on the asphalt , deep red in the bridge 's incandescent light . SAM ( to the gather crowd ) we need a ambulance ! somebody call a ambulance ! he begin to unbutton he shirt . beth levy get out of a stop car and hurry over . she wear the navy - blue cable - knit sweater , which she now quickly shrug out of and hand to Sam . beth here , use this . Sam bundle the sweater and press it against the deep unseen gash on Henry 's head . beth ( cont 'd ) I just call 911 . they be on the way . henry ( to Athena ) hold this -- he have Athena hold the sweater to staunch the bleed . 100 . athena ( to Henry ) stop bleed , baby . okay ? you have get to stop bleed now . Sam pinch Henry 's nostril and blow into he mouth to make sure the airway be clear . SAM he 's breathe . hold that tight . Sam go to check on the other two casualty . the first , a old man , lie halfway out of one of the rear window . Sam check he pulse . nothing . Sam shake he head and walk around to the other side of the car , but we pull in for a closer look at the old man . it 's leon . blood leak from he nostril and mouth . on the other side of the car lie mrs . letham , face up , eye open . blood stream down she face from a massive head wound . Sam check she pulse as well , but it 's obvious she 's dead . Sam close she eyelid , hurry back to Henry , and crouch beside he . athena his mom and dad ? be they okay ? SAM they be both go . close on henry's eye . we can tell that he have register this news . for a moment the frame project on screen slow from they 24 - per-second clip and then melt away entirely . the white screen be replace by a shot we have see before : Henry , alone on the empty bridge , walk from the burn mustang . the vision disappear as quickly as it appear , and we be back at the accident scene , watch Sam try desperately to save Henry . in the backseat of one of the stop car , a baby , strapped into its baby seat , howl and howl . a crowd have gather around the accident scene . from the nearest car come the driver and they passenger , circle around Henry . the strange thing be that we recognize all of they . 101 . the englishman and he wife . sheriff kennelly ( not in uniform ) . a young woman we last see on the subway , ask Henry about he Spanish Art class , and the businessman who want he to quit smoking . Dr. schlegel and the burly paramedics ( not in uniform ) . a middle - age filipino wear a Met cap . the various waitress and cook we see in the diner . devon. smitty . the Muslim woman in full veil . the bartender from the White horse tavern . a crew of blonde tourist stand together . the piano mover . the boy with the red balloon and he mother . boy mommy , be that man go to die ? lila rush over to Sam , Athena and Henry . lila I be a nurse . SAM all right , keep tabs on he pulse . if it stop we will have to start cpr . lila grab Henry 's wrist and check he pulse against she watch . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( to Athena ) what 's he name ? athena Henry . SAM can you hear I , Henry ? Henry ? I be a doctor , I be go to help you . can you hear I ? Henry 's lip have begin to pale from the loss of blood . when he speak , he mouth barely move , Sam and Athena bend closer to hear . henry hail . Athena look up . no hail be fall , but the light on the suspension cable above look like piece of ice suspend in the air . athena it 's not hail , baby . 102 . lila he 's hallucinate . SAM keep he talk . Henry 's eye be still open but he appear to be fade fast . he be try to speak and he face contort with the effort Athena bend closer to hear he . SAM ( cont 'd ) what do he say ? the blood from Henry 's head wound have seepe through the sweater and onto Athena 's hand . Athena struggle to keep from hysteria . she kiss Henry on the forehead . when she look up we see that she mouth and chin be spot with Henry 's blood . athena " forgive I . " SAM it be not you fault , Henry . I be drive right behind you . you front tire blow out . athena you hear that , baby ? it be not anybody 's fault . close on henry's eye . again , it appear that he understand the message . the word have a calming effect ; he face be no longer contort . SAM we need a ambulance ! Sam stand up and look out over the back - up traffic . we pull back and see that the bridge be jamme with rush-hour commuter . there be no ambulance come . Sam crouch down again and peer into Henry 's eye . he take hold of Henry 's free hand ( Athena hold the other hand ) SAM ( cont 'd ) come on , kid , you need to stay conscious . come on , come on , wake up ! Henry mutter something . Sam lean closer to hear . 103 . henry you be real , Dr. Foster . Sam have no idea what Henry 's talk about . SAM it 's Dr. Williams , Henry . just stay with I . athena Henry , come on . come on . I need you , baby , come on . lila I be lose the pulse , Doctor . Sam begin cpr . athena stay , Henry , stay . stay . stay . stay . close on henry's face the camera show what Henry see . henry's Pov of the crowd of face gather around he . at first they be clear , each face cleanly delineate . but they begin to blur and merge together . the camera pan up , past the blur of face . we see the great gothic arch of the bridge from this angle -- the perspective of a man lie flat on he back . we have see this view before , in Henry 's painting . the camera continue to pan up , past the glitter tower of Manhattan , up and up into the nighttime sky . now the screen be black , but we continue to hear Athena 's word . athena ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) stay . stay . the screen be black for ten second . and we think it 's go to stay black , except now we notice pin-prick of light pierce the darkness . the star be back in the sky , but this be the usual pale New York star , not the hallucinatory fire that scar the air with they fall . 104 . pan down to the bridge . two ambulance have arrive , as well as several police car . the paramedics ( not the same one we have see before ) load three dead body onto stretcher , while the police officer mark the scene and begin question people in the crowd . a female officer sit with a stunne Athena on the trunk of a squad car . meanwhile , a tow truck operator begin attach the hook and chain to the ruin mustang . one lane of westbound traffic have already resume move . the people in the pass car stare out they window at the carnage . Sam and lila , grim - face and exhaust from they ordeal , stand beside one of the ambulance . SAM too much bleed . too much . lila you do everything you could , Doctor . there be never a chance . Sam say nothing . lila touch he on the shoulder , briefly , and walk away . she 's get farther and farther away . soon she will be go . Sam finally look up . SAM hey . lila turn . SAM ( cont 'd ) thanks for help . lila smile sadly . lila I wish we could have do more . she start to walk away again . SAM you want to grab a cup of coffee somewhere ? 105 . lila turn again and look at he . SAM ( cont 'd ) I will not be able to sleep tonight . lila hesitates for a second and then nod . lila I would like that . Sam begin walk toward she and then stop . he notice something lie on the asphalt , something glitter amid the debris of the wreck , the break glass and twisted metal . he kneel and pick it up . lila , curious as to what he 's find , walk over to he . lila ( cont 'd ) what be it ? Sam , stand , show she the diamond ring . it glitter in the light of the bridge . but we be pull back now , farther and farther from the wreck car , the ambulance , the slow - move traffic . we be rise higher and higher , above the suspension cable , above the great arch , above the blink red light that warn airplane pilot . all the commotion on the bridge be silent now , nothing but bead of light trickle over the dark river .