< !-- /* break-out-of-frames script by website abstraction ( http://wsabstract.com) over 400 + free script here ! above notice must stay entact for use */ if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href // --> stepmom < !-- .marginadjust { margin-left : 35.00 % } .marginadjust2 { margin-left : 48.00 % } --> stepmom Ronald bass second revise draft previous draft by : gigi levangie Elizabeth Chandler jessie Nelson & Steven Rogers int . rachel's bedroom - early morning a billowy white screen . a alarm clock blare . as MAIN title begin , the lovely sleep face of rachel kelly roll into frame . then out of it . alarm keep blasting . back she come , pull the sheet over she head . motionless now , as we hear ... ... the deafening silence of the alarm shutting off . a beat . Rachel sit bolt upright . leap out of the room . from the back we see that she 's dress only in a pair of man 's boxer . she make it halfway down the hall , do a U turn back into the bedroom , frantically yank a robe hang from the door , take the wall hook with she . she fling she robe on as she run down the hall , wall hook sticking out of she back . bursting into ... int . ben' room - early morning rachel Ben ! you oversleep again damn it ! the room look like a 6 ( but I be almost 7 ) year old explode . poster of magician on all the wall . Rachel dart about the room mismatch the clothes she forget to arrange the night before . rachel get up get up get up ! the lump under the cover do not move . rachel Ben you be late . I be serious . I be wear a very serious face . do not make I start count one ... no movement . Rachel tug the sleeve of a shirt hang on a chair , and out come a magician 's bouquet of flowers . rachel two . she pull a dirty handkerchief out of the pocket of the shirt -- it 's a endless magician' handkerchief . rachel do not make I say three I be about to say three . ( a beat , then ) Three ! she rip the cover off and a blow - up dinosaur sleep in Ben 's place . rachel Ben I be not kid around . you make yourself appear this instant ! a white bunny saunter across she toe . Rachel scream -- then gather she wit and search under the bed -- under the bureau -- she open the closet door and shove clothes aside . rachel you might think this be funny but this be actually not funny . unseen by Rachel , six - year - old BEN sit , perch on the high closet shelf , knee under he chin , hold he breath . his eye gleeful as Rachel frantically close the closet door . int . hallway - early morning Rachel hop over the Bunny , navigate through strewn toy and book stubbing she baby toe . she limp in agony past a big picture of the kid with they daddy and head towards a door with a keep out everyone ! sign . rachel ( bellow ) annabelle ! wake up ! annabelle's bedroom - early morning annabelle , 10 year old , sit on the edge of she bed , fume , all of she limb cross . she hold up a filthy purple tee shirt . annabelle you forget to wash my purple shirt . I tell you a hundred time it be purple Day at school today . rachel I do not forget . I be up all night think about it and I conclude you be too special to look like everyone else . ( she grab a orangey red tee shirt ) Orange Red . that 's you color . few can carry it off . now please . help I find you brother . annabelle you lose Ben ?! rachel of course not . do he look lose to you ? ( big breath ) bennnnn !!! int . suburban extremely well -stocked kitchen - early morning Rachel , smoking a cigarette and drink a diet coke , fling open pantry door , closet door -- look for Ben -- attempt to put stone hard butter on toast at the same time . she glance at the clock -- 7:55 . oh dear . annabelle sit at the table , in a grumpy orangey red mood . Rachel hand she what be once a piece of toast . annabelle no . I tell you . I like apple butter not butter butter . rachel ( hand she a apple ) here . annabelle never mind . I will just eat my lunch . rachel ( forget ) I be almost do make it . ( to the non-existent Ben ) alright Ben -- you deal with the tardy , you write yourself a note , you daddy tell you he have a important case this morning and he have to leave early and we be aaaagggghhhh ! she have open a cupboard with a lazy Susan that turn revealing BEN sit there . Rachel scream again ! rachel oh my God . that be so not funny . you be late . you be really late . now get out here and have some cereal . BEN no. rachel Fine ! eat in the cupboard . she hand he a bowl of sugare cereal -- put two spoonfuls of instant coffee in barney cup , and stick it under the faucet . BEN no! cocoa puff on top -- fruit loops on the bottom . rachel Fine . Rachel grab the bowl , turn it upside down on the table reversing the order of the cereal . she sweep it back in the bowl and quickly hand it back to he , the phone ring throughout ... BEN you touch it . rachel then have a donut -- BEN no. rachel alright starve . annabelle I be gonna beep daddy at work . rachel he 's badger a witness . eat . BEN but you tell we to starve . rachel ( pick up phone ) hello ?... Duncan ... the ad Agency 's already there ?... I be out the door ... ( Ben fling a fruit loop at she ) Ben ! knock it off ! ( into phone ) it 's gonna go beautifully ... ( another fruit loop ) damn it Ben -- Rachel run around absentmindedly load out leftover pizza , hoho 's , and chip . she glance at the clock again -- 8:00 . annabelle you swore . you owe I a quarter . do you remember my egg carton ? I tell you I need my egg carton for seed plant today . rachel absolutely Duncan I be on top of everything . Rachel take the egg from the fridge , and dump they -- accidentally miss the sink . they shatter onto the floor . she hand the empty carton to annabelle . rachel ... eggzactly . I be put on my coat -- ( she hang up , panicked ) we be late . we be seriously late . which mean mister Ben we have get to get you dress -- BEN no ! Ben race away but Rachel lunge and catch he . he wiggle in she arm as she struggle to change he clothes . just as she get he bottom off she drop he clothes in the pile of gooey egg when we hear a loud knocking at the kitchen door . holding a half naked Ben in she arm , Rachel look up at ... jackie harrison . a immaculately dress , intimidatingly intel - ligent , utterly beautiful woman stare at she with extreme disapproval . annabelle and BEN mommy ! annabelle and Ben race into they mother 's arm like little angel . Jackie shoot a fiercely protective glare at Rachel . they lock eye . enough wattage to light up all of Manhattan . ext . rachel be loft , soho - morning Jackie and the kid exit Rachel 's building , onto a bustling soho street . the kid clamber into the double - park volvo wagon . Jackie , still piss , climb behind the wheel . drive off . int . jackie' volvo station wagon - early morning Jackie drive the child down a tree-line street in Englewood , New Jersey . Ben be bang Jackie 's sunglass case against the window . jackie ... it 's really not so bad annabelle -- Red and Blue make purple . annabelle ( yes she do ) I do not care . jackie I know you do not , but if you have , chrom - atically you be in the purple family . Jackie fish through she purse . find a toy airplane for Ben . he stop bang she glass case , start bang the plane . BEN why do Rachel wear daddy 's underpant ? do not she have underpant of she own ? jackie I notice a whopping pile of laundry sit on the washer -- perhaps Rachel 's underpant be in there -- now where be you lunch ? as if by rote , they hold out they lunch . one be a plastic von bag and the other a crumpled macy 's bag . she collect they and hand Ben and annabelle two brightly color lunch bag . BEN annabelle suck she thumb last night . annabelle I never do that , you always lie ! and slug he . jackie never say ' never ' -- it 's not fair to say ' always ' -- and no name call . use you word . annabelle I hate when you say that . jackie thank you . that be all word . I hate the planet Uranus . terrible name for a planet . annabelle and Ben look up at she curiously . jackie I hate snail and blue cheese . especially together . hate . BEN I have lava . jackie ( reflect ) lava 's hateable . I never think of that . annabelle I hate overly ripe bananas -- they make I want to throw up . jackie excellent point . BEN I hate wax lip and red ant and pretzel without salt ... annabelle I hate the crayon burnt sienna and people who spit when they walk . Jackie nod sagely . pull up next to a school playground . jackie I hate to say goodbye . eskimo kiss. ( they rub nose ) Russian Orthodox wedding kiss . they bump forehead and elbow . Ben run toward the kindergarten playground ; Jackie watch concerned as annabelle climb the step . the only orangey red dot in a sea of purple . ext . photography studio , tribeca - morning taxi pull up to a convert warehouse . Rachel bolt out , sprint for the door . int . photography studio - day Black and white fill the frame . like a checkerboard . we pull back and realize we be see a group of penguin waddling against a black and white backdrop . we see a white waitre'd in a black tuxedo hold glass on a tray . a black model , iman , in a white dress glide through it all . in the center the only dash of color be Rachel -- who have just enter and start expertly direct the action . she call out to she assistant , cooper . perpetually hip . perpetually young . rachel Cooper , back the fill off I do not have enough shadow ... cooper you have get a fruit loop in you hair . rachel you say that like I do not know that . cooper I once throw a entire bowl of jello on my stepmother 's head -- rachel and when do that pass ? cooper actually , never . they will always hate you . there 's a gene for it . duncan samuel -- Rachel 's boss , a elegant , edgy , englishman interrupt they . duncan congratulation . only forty minute late . you be handle this promotion really well Rachel . rachel Duncan . my work be everything to I . this will never happen again . now stand back -- this session 's gonna make you remember why you hire I even though I would not sleep with you -- Cooper let 's get this penguin dance -- Duncan back off , charme by she ballsiness . the music blare just then , and a penguin jut forward and nip the model . the flash of the camera . we freeze for a second , see the photo Rachel just take . a avedonesque portrait of a model be goosed by a penguin colliding with a maitre would who spill he tray and the penguin seem to be pointing and laughing uproariously . it 's a inspire photo . int . school counselor' office - 2:30 that day Jackie and luke harrison -- ruggedly handsome man , mid-forty , charming , disarming , and smart as they come . they sit side by side on a couch across from RUTH franklin , a elementary School counselor mrs . franklin Mr. and Mrs. Harrison , while change be exhilate for adult , it can be quite challenging for a child . luke 's beeper beep . he ignore it ; focus on Mr. Franklin . luke I will not get that ... it 's fine . Change . we be talk about change . mrs . franklin the fact that you two be remarry obviously have annabelle overjoy ... ( they look at she , dumbfounded ) and she 's very excited about you move to Switzerland . jackie she say we be get remarry ? suddenly -- a long bell ring -- Jackie stand up , startle . mrs . franklin only a fire drill . my concern be that annabelle seem apathetic towards she work know she 's leave before the end of the semester . jackie Mrs. Franklin we be not -- luke Planning on get -- jackie remarried . there be no move . mrs . franklin ( try to appear unfaze ) really ? well then my concern for -- luke 's beeper beeps again . they talk right over Mrs. Franklin ... jackie be you here ? luke I be here . jackie because you do not really seem here . luke I be here . I have get a case where they be this close to sequester the jury but have I answer the goddamn thing ?! jackie something 's up wi ... luke you think I do not get that ? she cut a look at Mrs. Franklin . jackie Excuse he . he never learn how to turn the darn thing off . and reach . do it for he . mrs . franklin I be wonder if there 's anything go on at home that could be intensify annabelle 's need to create this fantasy ? Long pause . then suddenly they both start speak at once . luke I have be with someone for quite some time , and do not feel it be appropriate for she to move in too quickly . but after a lot of think and careful discussion with she -- and the kid I might add -- she move in last month . jackie since we divorce luke have see a number of different woman in three short year and without a lot of warning for the kid , he 's now live with a woman half he age -- luke Rachel 's not half my age . jackie we be not discuss you age . luke well , we be not discuss Rachel 's age either . jackie they want to be with you luke , they go to you house to be with they father . luke Jackie , they come to be part of my life . Rachel be part of that life . mrs . franklin Mr. Harrison , I hear you talk about you life , you need , but be you really in touch with what annabelle need ? jackie ( suddenly fierce ) this man would walk through fire for annabelle , gladly , any day of the week . luke napalm . jackie except for last Thursday when Rachel forget to pick they up -- luke Jackie , she be five minute late -- mrs . franklin I be wonder if annabelle be respond to the underlying hostility that exist between Rachel and Mrs. Harrison ... luke of course she 's respond to it . you think it 's easy for any of we ? you think it 's easy for Jackie to watch she kid be look after by someone who have half the experience she do ? of course she 's go to be hostile , irrational , and defensive . jackie thank you luke . Mrs. Franklin do not quite know what to say . the bell ring . luke thank you Mrs. Franklin . Jackie ? ( they get up ) this have be very valuable for we . and I will have a serious talk with annabelle tonight . jackie it 's Wednesday night . she 's at my house . I will talk to she . luke I will call from work . we can have a conference call . jackie you try that last week and we be on hold forty - five minute ... and they be out the door . you can hear the fight as it echoe down the elementary school hallway . ext . school , englewood , new jersey - moment later Jackie and luke exit the pleasant suburban school . head for the parking area ... luke you ask I that counselor 's make a mountain out of a molehill ... jackie I be worried . luke I too . jackie luke , I need to switch next Friday for Thursday , so why do not you take the weekend ... ( pointedly ) ... that way you will be there , and I will pick up Monday , Tuesday , and Wednesday . luke Fine . but I want to take the kid to work with I on Wednesday so I will take Wednesday , and you can pick up that Thursday , Friday after soccer , and Saturday before riding . jackie easy enough . luke good ... well ... take care . as if on automatic pilot they move in to kiss each other goodbye then stop . each take a step back . 15 year of hellos and goodby . a beat . a wave . they head they separate way . ext . jackie' home - night establish shot of Jackie 's lovely home on its lovely street . Old tree . comfortable front lawn . safe and happy . a place to grow kid , dog , probably walruse , even . we push toward the warm glow from within this home ... int . jackie' home - night Jackie set the table . annabelle recording the moment with she omnipresent video camera ... annabelle I do not say that . why would I say that ? jackie well daddy and I be think that sometimes people tell a story about what they wish would happen . annabelle I do not want that to happen . why would I want that to happen ? jackie well you be tell you teacher and you friend -- annabelle mass hysteria . jackie maybe you be upset that Rachel move in . annabelle I be not upset . why would I be upset ? jackie look if the truth be you do not feel like talk about this right now that 's fine . but do not look I in the eye with a big smile on you face and lie to I . Cause there be only so many lie you be allow to tell before it start show on you face . you wind up look like ... she stop . it 's just too horrible . annabelle like who ? jackie well , he 's not president anymore , so why be petty . Ben enter in white glove and Jackie 's scarf . BEN pick a card . any card . Jackie pick a card . annabelle it just slip out . jackie it happen . annabelle ( a beat ) what happen when he love Rachel more than we ? jackie that will never happen . annabelle never say never you always say that . I will bet daddy 's mad at I now . BEN Queen of diamond . jackie Seven of club . nobody 's mad we just want to talk about it . annabelle I be gonna call he . jackie annabelle , daddy and I will always be there . that 's one time always be always . you can call he after dinner but ... annabelle run out of the room . Jackie watch she sadly . Ben hit Jackie hard with he magic wand . BEN poof ! you be happy now . jackie thank you ben. ( unhappily ) annabelle ! Ben find himself alone in the kitchen . he hit himself on the head , hard . poof ! he begin to serve himself dinner . alone . ext . restaurant , soho - night Rachel and luke exit a neighborhood bistro . stroll down the street ... rachel ( irritate ) okay , if they be go to have a sauce , put something in it besides flour and chicken broth ... luke ( quietly ) it be a veal stock , I thi ... rachel well , it be not a reduction like you do it ! boil down half a ton of bone ... luke be think of something . she 's watch that . rachel the way you cook . if you could make love , I would marry you . luke ( softly ) we have to talk . rachel ( happy ) uh-oh . I mention marriage , all of a sudden ... ( ominous Nazi baritone ) ve haff to to ... luke I do not want to spoil we supper ... rachel you would rather spoil we walk home . luke yeh , it 's cheaper . okay , what ? luke I just find out I have to go to Boston to get a deposition . I might not be back until Saturday . rachel ( mock horror ) so I will have to order in ? luke ( drop the other shoe ) we have the kid this weekend , so ... rachel ( softly ) Jesus . he glance over ... rachel I think it be she weekend . do I ever see you alone ? he draw a breath . the concern be behind he eye . luke anyway , I think ... while I be go ... maybe I will hire in some help . rachel for what ? luke just a babysitter -- I mean ... you be work ... rachel I can take they to work with I -- I can shift thing around -- luke you do not need to . I do not expect you to handle they yourself . rachel can not handle they myself be what you mean . can not . maybe she 's right . because he do not say anything . rachel you do not trust I to be alone with they . luke I trust you of course I do but -- rachel but ? but what ? luke but you be not good at this . not yet . I be sorry . rachel I know how responsible , caring adult parent child . I be bribe them . but them a dog or something . maybe a doberman . he love she . but this problem be real . rachel look . I know they hate I . luke they do not hate you -- rachel and what you be tell they be keep hat she -- keep up the good work -- luke nobody 's tell they to hate you -- rachel really ? look in you ex - wife 's eye . luke it 's complicated for Jackie . it 's complicated for I ... you do not have kid -- you do not understand -- rachel ( angry now ) oh right ... so it 's just complicated for you and Jackie -- for I it 's pretty simple cause I just do not understand ... luke no you do not . and I be not gonna screw with my kid head right now -- rachel you know I do not need another person in this family make I feel like a idiot ... you ex-wife 's do a bang up job and I have to face it every Tuesday and Thursday and every other goddamn weekend and I just do not know how the hell you be marry to she for so goddamn long ! Jesus what do you see in she ? I do not get it -- I just do not get it . they have reach they building . as they enter ... luke she 's a great mother . int . rachel be and luke's loft - night the door of the freight elevator clang open . as Rachel and luke step out into they loft , the phone be ringing . she look to luke . then run to snatch it up ... rachel hello ? intercut : int . annabelle's closet - jackie' house annabelle with a phone in she closet . hear Rachel , she hang up . a pink post it creep under the door . can I join you for dessert in the closet ? vanilla or chocolate yogurt . please check one . int . rachel be and luke's loft - friday night the most beautiful little puppy in the world -- sit in a puddle of pee on a hardwood floor . rachel aw George ... not again ... who want to help clean up this time ? ( overly zealous ) annabelle ? she look around -- completely exhaust . it 's late . annabelle be video taping the dog pee . Ben 's in the kitchen talk to himself . he pour and sprinkle , work intently on a magic potion . annabelle why do you make that face when you talk to I ? ( she imitate Rachel ) and that voice you use ... you think I be deaf or something ? Ben zap the magic potion theatrically with he fingertip . rachel ( reach for she ) I be sorry , okay ? let 's not fi ... annabelle do not touch I ! I be allergic to you ! she start sneezing furiously and scratch . Ben come out of the kitchen carry a steaming cup of potion . BEN " that who travel far and near this will make you disappear ! " annabelle I have to work on my video project ! do not follow I ! I can put myself to bed . she race upstairs . Rachel follow . so do ben. and George . BEN ( o.s. ) Excuse I -- rachel ( follow into annabelle 's room ) annabelle let 's get something clear . annabelle I do not have to listen to you ! you be not my mother . rachel thank God for that ! she leave the room slamming the door behind she . take a breath , turn , and walk back in . rachel what I mean and perhaps I do not say it well be you have a great mom . you do not need another one . but when you be at this house -- annabelle this be my daddy 's house -- rachel this be my house too ! annabelle and this be my room so get out ! BEN ( o.s. ) Excuse I . Rachel throw open the door . Ben stand there innocently . BEN I make you some cocoa . see ? rachel thank you Ben . that be so sweet of you . ( pointedly to annabelle ) goodnight annabelle . sweet dream . Rachel lead Ben to he room . with Rachel safe out of sight , annabelle take the puppy into she arm and cuddle it . int . ben' room - rachel be and luke's house - night Rachel , dead on he foot , read " goodnight Moon " to Ben . rachel " in the great green room there be a telephone and a red balloon ... " BEN be not you go to drink you cocoa ? it 's the good kind . rachel ( fake a big sip ) mmmm ! tasty . you be a master chef Ben . just like you dad . Ben point to the book -- she 'read ' skip page , a hundred mile a hour desperate to get to the end of the book . rachel " goodnight moon , goodnight hush , goodnight mush , goodnight goodnight goodnight Gracie -- goodnight Ben ! BEN no ! you be cheating -- you have to start from the beginning and you have to read the whole thing I can not sleep otherwise . Ben 's eye be glue to she . she lay down next to he , yawn . rachel " in the great green room there be a telephone and a red balloon ... " BEN " and a picture of the cow jump over the moon ... " rachel ( lay head down ) that 's nice ben. Ben read until Rachel 's asleep . he look at she in awe . BEN Rachel ! Rachel ! no response . Rachel 's really asleep . he lift she head . it flop down ! in horror he jump off the bed and with a quick look back , race from the room , and ... ... dart down the hallway , bumping into wall -- he leap inside annabelle 's room , slamming the door behind he . annabelle Ben ! what 's wrong ? BEN ( triumphantly ) I kill she ! Ben and annabelle gape at one another , stunne . ext . jackie' house - morning Rachel pull up fast in luke 's Grand Cherokee . as she screech to a stop , the kid pile out with they gear . Rachel take a anxious look toward Jackie 's place . here we go . int . jackie' kitchen - morning the clock read 8:10 . Rachel and the kid enter . annabelle 's hair be brush forward , hide she face . Ben be ebullient . Jackie 's edgy , ready to snap . jackie how do you hold down a job ? it 's 8:10 . you be suppose to be here at 7:00 . she 's miss she sunrise Groom and ride . rachel this be Friday , she riding lesson be on tuesday . ( pull out post it ) I get it right here ... jackie every Tuesday except the 3rd Tuesday of the month when it 's switch to Friday except in April when she ride on Thursday . it 's not that hard . do not you have a mother ? rachel ( flinching ) can I please have a cup of coffee ? jackie we do not have any coffee . rachel what be this ? the Betty Ford Center ? jackie annabelle , how 's you video rep ... annabelle rush past she . Ben saunter off after he sister . Jackie turn to Rachel , accusingly . jackie what happen with annabelle ? have nothing I say get through to you ? rachel maybe you could back off just a little bit -- jackie what do you do ? rachel nothing . look , I want to talk to you about ... well ... luke say to ask you ... Jackie 's edge sharpen by Rachel 's unease . rachel see , the place where I can connect with annabelle be my photography . because she love video and all ... and ...? rachel she 's be talk about this little editing machine , it 's only ... jackie ...a ridiculously expensive and inappropriate item , which she father and I have already tell she she be far too young to own . but you apparently want to buy she forgiveness , with ... rachel ( have enough ) forgiveness ? for what , exactly ? silence . jackie how much time have you get ? let 's start with this morning . why do she run from this room ? Long beat . then , Rachel look dead on at Jackie . rachel luke be in the shower this morning and annabelle sort of walk in without knock . jackie I be sure that do not upset she . everyone in we family take shower . rachel I be in there in he . the air be thick with tension . jackie do you or luke talk to she about it afterwards ? rachel no . I think it might be uncomfortable for she -- jackie you mean for you . a 10 - year-old girl be cope with the fact that she father be never come back to live with he family . she see she father naked with another woman for the first time . and you think it 's best for she if every - one pretend it do not happen ? ( turn away ) this be not go to work out . rachel you be damn right . I be gonna sick of you imperious bullshit . I never say I be Betty Fucking crocker . if every time life hit she in the face you want to have a 12 hour talk every third Friday or the month -- go ahead ! I have a life ! jackie oh and I do not because I have a child ?! the problem be you be too self - involved to ever be a mother . rachel maybe the problem be you kid . maybe they be spoiled , coddle brat ! jackie get out ! rachel ( hold up Post its ) but it 's not on the schedule ! jackie you get to hell ! Jackie turn away , storming out of the room . rachel ah ah ah ! you owe I a quarter -- int . ymca kitchen - day luke stand in a apron before annabelle 's girl scout troop , roll out a large pie dough . they imitate he every move . luke now lady , the secret to a great pie be the crust . and the secret to a great flaky pie crust come from less flour and more ... what ? annabelle Ice cold water . luke ( adoringly ) that 's my girl ... Rachel watch from a corner . luke blueberry pie must be top with vanilla haagan daz and / or creme fraiche ... now the secret to a great creme fraiche be ... all the girl Orange peel ! luke ... which also be the secret to ... all the girl french toast ! luke now do not forget to teach you father that . next week ... apple brown betty ! he take off he apron and walk toward Rachel as the girl file out ... rachel she say no . he do not even know what she 's talk about . rachel the editing machine . I mean , annabelle would have really love it . she look down . rachel it would have be great for we , so obviously , Jackie just ... eye down . choose she word . rachel she 's really a difficult person ... look up . rachel best thing ever happen to you be she throw you out on you butt . a afterthought ... rachel not that I have a personal stake in it . he come and kiss she . luke get ready . to get really mad . rachel uh. annabelle 's video report have be switch again . luke not yet . rachel hey , I sell my body to Satan to clear Friday at two o'clo ... luke we have the kid . next weekend . what ??? luke and it 's my call . I promise they water-skieng , instead of ... rachel ( quiet pain ) we weekend . at that sweet little B & B. he put he arm around she . luke and the evil part be . I be so stoke about the water-skieng . I can not wait . he taste she mouth . and again . a sweet , hot moment . her finger trace up he neck . to he hair . rachel no , this be good . celibacy be healthy . for a guy you age . you will get use to it . from the kiss that follow . he will not have to . int . jackie' kitchen - day close on a answering machine . it click , whirl , and ... rachel ( o.s. ) hi , it 's the trophy bimbo . annabelle 's teacher call , and she video report be be move up to 8:30 tomorrow . sorry to deprive you step aerobics class of they role model . pause . pull back to see ... rachel ( o.s. ) anyway . I be sorry I lose my temper the other day . and I be sure you be , too , so ... ... BEN , loom over the hardware . finger poise above the button , and he ... rachel ( o.s. ) ...no , apology necessa ... ... strike ! play all the key at once . like chord on a baby grand . int . classroom - morning close on a small tv monitor , the angelic face of 10 - year - old tamara , practice for the miss America diplomatic interview , circa 2009 ... tamara well , I I have a million dollar ... I would use it to ... feed all the precious hungry child of the world . and bring about total world peace . pull back to see the class and teacher watch raptly . filmmaker annabelle in the seat of honor next to she proud father . Rachel in the back of the room , anxiously look at the back door . while on screen ... ... another face . jare , bad as he wanna be ... jare a million big one . oh. I would buy about a thousand babe . not to do anything bad , I mean . just to hang with . near the monitor , annabelle 's eye be also furtively cut to the classroom 's back door . on screen now ... ... the handsomest 10 - year- old since dicaprio . brad the dreamboat . stare soulfully at the camera . murmur ... brad well , first off , annabelle . I would give half of it . to you . the class ooooos , whistle . annabelle flush , but she clearly like it . Brad grin a redford grin she way . and through the back door burst ... ...a harry , dishevel jackie . still in workout clothes . as on screen ... annabelle there you have it . now ask yourself ... what would you do ? the screen go black . the class , teacher and especially luke erupt with applause . so do Jackie , who have lock eye across the room with she mortally - wounded abandon daughter . then Jackie 's eye CUT to ... ... Rachel , a deer in headlight . death by Army ant would be too kind . int . school hallway annabelle , luke and Jackie glaring at Rachel , who look awkwardly at she foot . kide stream past , unaware of the gravity of the moment . jackie machine do not eat message . rachel look , I ... jackie of all the cheap excuse . to break a child 's heart . the jury be in . there be no appeal . Jackie take she daughter 's hand . jackie do not worry , sweetie , there 's still the harvest pageant . and you be the lead vegetable ... Said with bottomless pride . jackie and nothing . and no one . can keep I away . one laser look at luke . this bitch be you responsibility . and she lead she baby off . ext . jackie' house - day a park van , pack with snowboard and ski gear . no people . pan across the suburban lawn to ... ... luke , deject , at Jackie 's door . Rachel nearby , still peer into the window of a unlit , empty house . a cellular phone ring . luke whip it out , like the Governor 's pardon hang in the balance ... jackie ( o.s. , from carphone ) you page we ? luke ( distraught ) where be you ? intercut throughout ... Jackie on she cellular , herding the kid toward a circus tent ... jackie just outside the big top , we be almo ... luke you be where ? jackie at the Big Apple Circus , it 's the only big top I know . I say I would get them back tonight ... luke Jackie , we be take they water - ski for the whole weekend ! jackie ( innocent ) ... until the plan change , when jessie 's mom give we this ticket . what , Rachel . ' forget ' I tell she ? luke 's eye dart to a uncomprehend Rachel . she 's never see he this angry . jackie do not tell I . another machine eat another message ? Boy , there 's a lot of that go around ! put she on , huh ? a beat . he hand the phone to Rachel . she bring it to she ear ... rachel yeh ? jackie think twice . before you ever pull that again . click . the line be dead . and so be Rachel . ext . central park castle - day a glum annabelle and Ben sit on a bench watch Rachel at she photo shoot , George between they . a beautiful woman appear in the turret -- she let down she hair -- a modern day rapunzel -- she golden lock fall 17 foot -- now a burst of yellow -- as a hundred yellow canary fly out from she mane ! a beautiful man begin to climb the hair . flash ! the man dangling in mid air surround by canary . Rachel work with intense concentration . it 's be hour . annabelle and Ben be completely bored . rachel ( to Cooper ) the timing be off -- I need this light . annabelle ( to herself ) just where I wanna be all saturd ... rachel ( to everyone ) hold lunch ! annabelle but we be hungry -- and I have to pick up my costume for the pageant ! it start at seven ! rachel it 's only one o'clock ... why do not you get another fudgesicle -- I will be do soon -- really soon . annabelle and Ben . Rolling they eye . later ... annabelle asleep on the bench . Rachel stand over she , a canary on she finger . rachel lunch time sleep beauty . where 's Ben ? be he in the bathroom ? annabelle I do not know ... I feel like I be gonna throw up . ext . park men' room annabelle stand with Rachel by a line of empty urinal . annabelle what if he 's kidnap ? rachel he 's not kidnap he 's -- he 's just hide -- he 's just -- bennnn ? goddammit ! panicked , she grab annabelle 's hand . annabelle do not touch I ! you bring bad luck ! Rachel . start to believe it . int . castle tower - moment later breathless , annabelle and Rachel climb the castle stair when they hear whimpering -- Rachel follow the whimper -- running -- rachel Ben ! Ben we be here ! BEN ! in the corner of the tower we see GEORGE stare up at she . but Ben be nowhere to be find . annabelle he 's go forever and I be gonna miss the pageant . Rachel once more . her life flash before she eye . ext . police station , central park - later Jackie blast up in the volvo , slam to a stop in a non-spot , race into ... int . police station - day Jackie run through the police station move down corridor past desk until she see BEN sit with two policemen on a bench . she hold he to she chest , shaking . jackie Ben ! oh my Ben ! be you alright ? BEN I know where I be all the time . int . auditorium - that evening Ben sit between Jackie and luke hold each of they hand . Rachel sit on the other side of luke ; all wait for the harvest pageant to begin . it 's horribly tense . rachel ( sincerely ) Jackie ? I be so sorry about today I really fuck up royalty . when you call luke I be so goddamn relieved -- luke elbow she with a " we be in a elementary School " elbow . rachel no I do -- I know I do -- I screw up . I feel like such a asshole ... Jackie lift Ben onto she lap , hold he tightly . she turn and face Rachel , claw bare . jackie shhhhhh ! the light go down . they sit pretend the other be not there . on stage -- the class be dress as the harvest produce . annabelle be the corn . each food dish step forward and introduce itself . annabelle rehearing she line over and over . annabelle " hello ! I be maze . but you can call I corn . hello ! I be ... " Inside she costume , she breathe be sharp . she stand very straight , very bold . a brazen ear of corn . she step forward . annabelle " hello ! I be ... Rachel pop up next to the stage with she huge professional camera and giant flash . her camera flash three time , quickly . after each flash , we see the picture for a split second , annabelle . a terrified ear of corn . a lost ear of corn . annabelle ( blink , disorient ) um ...i be ... I be ... oh ... in the audience , Jackie be willing she daughter a recovery . see instead , a completely devastate ear of corn . annabelle ( explode in tear ) oh forget it ! she run offstage amidst laughter and applause . luke look over at Jackie but she and Ben have already leave they seat . ext . auditorium foyer - night Jackie comfort annabelle . Ben watch closely , get catch up in he sister 's sadness . luke and Rachel approach . annabelle I hate she . I really hate she . luke there you be ! annabelle ( cover she face ) do not take my picture ! she start to cry . Ben 's lip quiver , he eye well up . jackie annabelle do not really want to talk to you right now . rachel I be sorry I do not mean to break you concentration . I think it would be a nice moment to rememb ... annabelle I do not ever want to remember this ! a turkey approach . turkey they be take a picture of the produce , we need the corn. c'mon annabelle . jackie see ? no one 's laugh at you . you friend want you to join they , Anna - belle . corn be a very important part of the harvest produce . now Ben , walk you sister over to the yam . Ben take annabelle 's hand . when they be go ... rachel Jackie , if I think for one moment ... jackie ( lighting into luke ) you listen carefully because I be only go to say this once . that woman have nothing more to do with my child . luke we child . jackie do you realize what could have hap - pene to you son today ? how lucky we be the police find he before some lunatic do ? he could have be ... luke but he have not . he wander off . I know it 's terrifying . I can imagine how you feel when that call come -- but it happen . jackie not to I . luke ( soft , reasonable ) Jackie , you have make mistake -- we all make mistake -- jackie I be not gonna wait around to see the next one . I be not gonna watch my kid fall through the crack of this arrangement . I be see a lawyer . luke Jackie stop . we promise we never go there . jackie we have break a lot of promise , have not we luke ? rachel why be you take this out on he ? luke rache , get out of th ... rachel ( still to Jackie ) you have not do one goddam thing to make any of this easier ... jackie I be not here to make it easier for you . this be my child . they do not want to be with you . rachel well , maybe they would if they think it be okay , with y... jackie ( poke luke 's chest ) a court order be gonna say that woman be never alone with my child ! ever again ! do you hear that ? all of New Jersey hear that . on the silence that follow , she stalk off . the mother lion . do what she have to do . ext . NORTH vale stable - day Jackie and she child ride horse side by side through a perfect fall afternoon . we rider look about alertly , as if patrol enemy territory . annabelle guinevere , Godiva , I sense enemy sol ... BEN I do not want to be Lady Godiva anymore , no matter how much I like chocolate . I want to be a stud . in distance , a gaggle of groundskeepers . Jackie point this out to Ben , without miss a beat ... jackie Lord Nelson , napoleon 's troops . I fear for the woman and the property value . annabelle I will ride ahead . Nelson , protect the Queen ... and she canter off , blood in she eye . alone now with he mom , Ben have something serious on he mind . BEN mommy ? it 's not Rachel 's fault I run away . jackie ( do not turn ) no , that 's you fault . it 's she fault for not watch over my precious son , as if it be she priority . which mean , the most important job . BEN ( think about this ) Rachel 's job be she work . jackie Ben , mommy work too . they work very hard . mommy work harder as a mom than she do when she be work . I just do not get pay . BEN do Rachel make a lot of money ? jackie people like Rachel who only think about themselves often do make a lot of money . BEN I think she 's pretty , mommy . jackie yes ... if you like big hair ... BEN mommy ? jackie what honey ? BEN if you want I to hate she I will . on Jackie . stun . her lip part for a answer . but she have not get one . ext . jackie' house - night luke pace around on the path through Jackie 's front lawn . Jackie exit the house , alone . stands on the porch . and they stare at each other . jackie you know , you can come inside the house . he look at the end of he rope . she walk down to he . luke ( quietly ) do you see the lawyer ? oh. well ... jackie call he . we set a ap ... luke ( almost a whisper ) do not do this . so vulnerable . the air come out of she . we see how much she still care for this man . jackie you be say , do not make the kid a football , do not put they through a war . but I be do this for they well - be . luke partly . but partly , you be mad . stare . at each other . luke you know the kid be not really in danger . this be about Rachel , and you be right , I be disappointed in she learn curve , and ... jackie slug . have faster learn curve . tree , even . he take a breath . luke ( here it be ) I be afraid she 's go to walk . jackie and I be suppose to care . he reach out . take she hand . luke ( softly ) about I , yeh . like I care about you . she look in he eye . jackie like you care about I three year ago ? he shrug . look sadden by that . luke ( softly ) hey . you kick I out . and just this once . with all that 's happen . Jackie need to say ... jackie maybe you should talk to you daughter , about why . she seem to have miss that part . now he look ashamed . and sorry from he heart . jackie ( softly ) forget I say that . he have to tell she ... luke this thing with rache . I need this . I do not want to lose she . and I will see to it that the kid do not suffer . help I , huh ? help I . luke I would do it for you . yes , he would . despite everything , she know that . jackie one last chance , do not make I regret it ... her voice try to be tough . but the tension show through . jackie ... or you will , too . a last look . she walk slowly . back toward the house . ext . car pool line , elementary school - afternoon the last car be pull away . no kid leave , except the one shoot hoop . except . on the low brick ledge by the flag pole ... ... annabelle sit . alone . quietly freaking . int . rachel's studio - afternoon Rachel and Cooper sit on a bare floor surrounded by countless proofs of flying canary . a assistant bring a cell phone to Rachel , who hold it in place with she shoulder , as she frantically sort through the print ... rachel ( into phone ) ...no , no , that be not possible . you must have the wrong little gir ... stop . rachel ( into phone ) ... because annabelle 's mother never forget , be never late , be never imperfect . so that 's some other kid sit on the curb by the car pool li ... listen . all the air come out . she look around , sadly , at all the work surround she . cooper May I remind you that Duncan have the client arrive at exac ... rachel ( into phone ) sure . I be just doin ' my nail . int . radiology lab - afternoon a cavernous sterile room . a horrible metallic hammering sound . pan to see that it come from ... ...a white cylindrical tube . bare foot protrude . a mri be in progress . the sound stop . the body slide from the tube , a woman in a hospital gown . she be Jackie . she blink at the light . her eye be draw , a million mile away . a lot on she mind . a technician enter the room ... technician you paper go off during the procedure . do you want the number ? Jackie turn , suddenly focus ... jackie wait ... what time be it ? int . principal be office - afternoon annabelle sit glumly , refuse to eat some chip from the bag in Rachel 's hand . Rachel 's voice be low , soothing . dare we say , maternal ... rachel hey , sea salt and vinegar , I know this be you fave . annabelle keep she eye down . this be more than a sulk . she seem fairly unglue . rachel c'mon , this be the bomb , I prom ... annabelle now could she just ... forget I ! look up . eye desperate . annabelle I mean , that 's something you would do ! Rachel stare back . eat a chip . decide ... rachel ( softly ) tell ya the truth ? I do . the kid blink . a non-compute . rachel you mom have to ... help a friend with this ... emergency ? and she call I . and we switch day . then , I get stick on my shoot , and ... annabelle mommy ! Rachel whirl to see jackie fill the doorway , annabelle fly to she mother 's arm . the woman 's eye meet . how much do she hear ? int . jackie' bathroom - night Jackie brush out annabelle 's hair . Jackie 's eye be distant . annabelle watch in the mirror . annabelle be you worried about you friend ? with the emergency ? Jackie 's eye come back to focus . hmmn ? jackie oh , I be wait on some news , that 's all . say . can I ask you why you never ask I something you probably ask daddy anyway ? and she smile . Real carefree . so annabelle smile back . annabelle you can try . more brush . gentler , slower stroke . jackie daddy be wash Rachel . in the shower . what do you think that be about ? annabelle sex . of course . oh . jackie well , not exactly s... annabelle why do Rachel scream ? do she mean what Jackie think she mean ? jackie scream . annabelle during sex . oh. again . jackie how would you know sh ... annabelle I live . in the same country . her mother laugh . encourage ... annabelle ( imitate ) oh God oh God oh God oh God oh God oh ... jackie ... why do you think ? annabelle because it feel really incredibly good . Jackie move around . leans to stare in she eye . jackie so why be you ask I ? annabelle I like talk about it . at least , to you . the look hold . almost a bittersweet smile play on Jackie 's lip . she lean to kiss she daughter 's head . jackie ( a murmur ) same here , huh ? int . rachel's darkroom - morning total darkness -- slowly a image appear -- float in a pool of water . it 's a photo of a child 's feet . only the wrong shoe be on the wrong foot . suddenly , knocking ... rachel hold on ! do not let the light ... Jackie enter , leave the door wide OPEN . rachel ...in. jackie I be sorry . look , I be not real comfortable be here , but ... rachel I do not recall invite you . silence . jackie I overhead what you tell annabelle . the lie . unreadable face . what be they feel ? rachel I have a snoop . jackie I do not need you to take the blame for I , I be quite ... rachel ( simply ) I do not do it for you . believe I . and Jackie . find that interesting . rachel ( shrug ) she already hate I . you have see to that . jackie you be not terribly good at take care of h... rachel I need practice . jackie that be my child you be practice on . they deserve first - rate care . every minute . of every night . and every day . more silence . jackie so why do y... rachel I do it for she . straight to she eye . rachel poor kid have to believe in someone . even if it 's you . nothing friendly about it . but Jackie have not come seek friendship . jackie I have a appointment this after - noon . I need someone to take they to the park . rachel what ? and have Federal agent jump out of the bush with court order ? how many year do you get in this state for give second - rate care to minor ? hard look . all around . jackie however many . it 's not enough . rachel I be already on thin ice . yesterday , I actually think my boss be go to fire I . jackie Fine , forget it . but neither of they want she to . a mexican standoff . until Jackie empty she huge purse on the counter . jackie bandaid for cut . bandaid for new shoe blister . packet of wash n dri' . kleenex . sugar free lollipop , potty seat cover for public restroom ... rachel why not just bring the whole toilet ? jackie Ben like to be read to . do you know Dr. seuss ...? rachel not personally . jackie do you have a word limit you need to hit every day or can I finish ? this silence Rachel . Jackie hand she a Post it . jackie here 's they schedule for this after - noon . I will meet you at the park at five . all I ask be that they be alive when I get there . a beat . rachel ( dry ) thank you . and scoops up the parent paraphernalia . jackie ( drier ) thank you . and walk out the door . int . studio corridor - morning Jackie stand outside a door . decide . she knock and enter ... ... Duncan 's office . he sit behind he desk , across from a client . both man look up at this stranger . jackie Mr. samuel ? forgive the intrusion , I be jacqueline Harrison , and ... the sweetest smile she 's get . which be pretty good . jackie ... well , I just want to thank you . for you generosity . duncan ( a beat ) gener ... jackie ... my daughter have a terrible emergency yesterday . my husband and I could not be reach , and ... you Ms. Kelly come to annabelle 's rescue . confide ... jackie I would hate to think what might have happen . shake she hand . jackie she tell I that you be so suppor - tive , even at great inconvenience to you business , and ... a amazing smile . jackie it 's wonderful to see a successful man . with that sense of priority . duncan ( longer beat ) well ... under the circumstance ... jackie if I can ever repay you kindness . it would be my great pleasure . back out the door ... jackie ... and you Ms. Kelly ? a remarkable young woman . the client be beam . duncan ( clear he throat ) we think so . int . doctor' office - afternoon close on Jackie , look down . she seem to be stare at something in she lap ... jackie ( quiet anger ) I do not even know what that mean . spread . that be very unclear . ... but there be nothing there . her lap be empty . except for she unnaturally still hand . female voice ( o.s. , gently ) I mean we find some cell . in you lymph node . in three of they . the hand come together . slowly , deliberately . stating to anyone who would watch that there be no panic here . jackie but the other time . you say you get it all . so you could be wrong again . one time , you say one thing , then ... female voice ( o.s. ) the other time . be a year ago . the air come out of Jackie . in a thin , slow , precise stream . everything , she very breath . under complete control . female voice ( o.s. ) that be a tiny lump in the breast . we radiate , we think we have it all . we be hopeful . but there be no guarantee . silence . Jackie 's eye stay on she fold , still , hand . jackie but we can beat it . pull back to see the small , neatly keep office . dr . sweikert be 50 , slender , elegant , kind . the doctor you want when you be die . Jackie look up to she . jackie people beat it , do not they ? all the time . dr . sweikert ( straight ) every day . more and more . Jackie swallow . the confirmation of hope have allow some of the fear to show . jackie so we will ... radiate some more ? dr . sweikert at first . then , after awhile , some chemo . a blow . Jackie absorb this . jackie that 's necessary , huh ? dr . sweikert let 's take we best shot . Jackie nod . stare at the woman . then , to break the spell ... jackie I guess a no-hair day beat a bad-hair day . the doctor smile . Jackie look at she watch ... jackie I have to get dress . my ex-husband have ask I to dinner . God know why , he be very mysteri ... dr . sweikert have you still never tell he ? a flash of the anger flicker . jackie why would he worry ? or my child 's worry . or anyone 's worry . help the sit ... dr . sweikert ( very soft ) sooner than later . you really need to . that bring a silence . a shading of defiance to Jackie 's feature . jackie you do not burden other needlessly . that 's how I be raise , Doctor . hold the look . mr. sweikert maybe at dinner tonight . think about it . int . jackie' bathroom - dusk Jackie be get dress in front of the mirror , she eye distant , in spite of she attempt at control . annabelle be watch she like a hawk . we see Ben in the background -- saw the babysitter alise in half . annabelle why be you go to a french restaurant ? throughout , annabelle be try on Jackie 's jewelry , make a pest of herself . Jackie fight against rise irritation . jackie because it 's quiet . and he want to talk . alise -- once he saw you in half , it 's bedtime ... annabelle what be you gonna talk about ? jackie ( apply mascara ) probably you -- you brother -- school -- the solar system ... the usual ... annabelle then why be you put on mascara ? jackie ( a beat ) I be a little tired and it 's just a pick - me-up . annabelle but you only wear mascara when you and daddy go on romantic date ... jackie well daddy and I be just friend now , and that 's no reason not to wear mascara ... annabelle or blush . you look pale . ext . restaurant - night a country french place on the West side . classy , but invite . int . french restaurant - night Jackie and luke sit across from each other in the lovely restaurant . Jackie look beautiful in the warm candlelight . luke ... maybe you do not think three year be enough for a person to change but ... thing be different now Jackie . I be different . Jackie feel she heart beginning to race . they lock eye for a moment . he unconsciously begin to eat off she plate . he eat she chicken , and in the dance they have do a thousand time -- she reach for he uneaten vegetable . the waiter approach . waiter would you and you wife prefer still or sparkling water ? he do not correct the waiter . luke still , please . jackie ( when the waiter leave ) annabelle show I the new dress . she 's amazing in it . luke get so beautiful ... she look more like you every day . ( luke downs Jackie 's wine ) Jackie ... I have really give this a lot of think . a great deal of think ... they eye lock for a moment . here it come ... luke I be gonna marry Rachel . I know you do not think much of she but she 's a special person -- she really be . and I love she . this be a bridge we never want to cross but it 's not help she or the kid if I do not really commit to that . Jackie stare at he stoneface . luke I do not think a phone call be appropriate ... jackie tell I exactly how you be different from three year ago ? the music sound kind of the same from where I be sit . he shift in he chair . want this to sound as authentic as he feel it ... luke I grow up , a little . I be ready for a life that 's build around commitm ... jackie just not to I . the waiter return with a bottle of red wine . it 's horribly quiet as he pour . wait , obtrusively . luke thank you , it 's fine ... waiter would you like to taste it ? luke can we please have less service , here ? the waiter leave , take he attitude with he . luke sigh ... luke it 's go to be hard for the kid when I tell they ... I would like you to be there . jackie to make it easier for they or you ? luke it 's a huge moment in they life -- jackie you can not be a ' we ' just when you want to . you can not play that card when it 's convenient . luke we ... jackie we be over . luke we're still they parent for the next hundred year . on this , Jackie look down at she hand . luke you be still go to have to be deal with I -- with we . we should tell they together . jackie no . you think this be go to help the kid then you do it . you be on you own . int . rachel be and luke's live room - that night Jackie sit next to luke on the couch -- look lovingly towards the child , who sit across from they . annabelle be taping this ... jackie the great thing about life be that thing keep change . luke remember when mommy and daddy get divorced ? jackie and we all go through that together ? on ben. oh my GOD . he know it ! on annabelle -- behind the video camera -- where 's this head ? luke well thing be go to change again ... Ben leap up from the couch and fly into Jackie 's arm . BEN I know it ! I know it ! I know you guy be get back together ! Jackie look at luke . annabelle zoom in on they face . annabelle no they be not . luke annabelle put down that camera . she zoom in on he face . luke put down that goddamn camera ! annabelle you owe I a quarter . jackie look she 's upset -- annabelle no I be not . I do not care . why should I care ? I mean nobody ask I when you get divorced . nobody ask I if I want a new mother . nobody even ask I if I like she . if you guy do not care about we family stay together , why sh ... jackie daddy and I try hard . we really do . BEN no you do not ! all you guy do be name call ! I hear you ! you do not even try and use you word ! Ben run out of the room . luke follow he . int . ben' room - continuous Ben pull he cape over he head and hide in a bundle in the corner . BEN I be disappear . I be almost invisible ... luke ( hold he ) I will find you wherever you go ... my magic boy ... I be still you daddy ... nothing will ever change that . int . live room - continuous Jackie move to annabelle who will not put down the camera . jackie annabelle ... Rachel 's not take my place as you mother -- it 's just daddy 's chance to be happy again . be not that what we all want for each other ? no answer . Jackie look at this daughter she love so much . pat the seat beside she ... jackie come . sit. something in the soften of the tone change the atmosphere in the room . more real . more like equal . jackie life be full of hard thing . and we can not always have what we want , you know that . do not you ? annabelle nod , cautiously . jackie but we do have a choice . to make it better . instead of worse . annabelle like how ? jackie like see the good side of Rachel . so she will see the good side of we . annabelle 's stare be hard and question . she do not expect this . jackie because I be look ahead . and you know what I see ...? annabelle do not . but she sure be listen . jackie time will come . when we all need to be there . for each other . stroke she baby 's hair . jackie that happen . to family . annabelle ( straight back ) I will be there for you . her mother 's eye cloud with feel . a murmured ... jackie I be count on it . int . rachel be and luke's kitchen - late afternoon barely any light in the empty kitchen . pan to see Ben , alone , in he cape . carefully , he set a cup of saucer atop a cloth napkin that lie across the butcher block table . he grasp the corner of the napkin . he look scared . we get what 's about to happen . as he ... ... yank the napkin , as fast as he can , the cup and saucer , rattle and ... ... stay put . Ben . be astound . and then he look up . to a cabinet fill . with glassware and china . int . rachel be and luke's bedroom - late afternoon ... Rachel 's hand as a beautiful antique ring be slip on she finger . she be asleep . then , she ... ... stir , wake . stare at she hand in shock and delight . rachel oh my God . be you serious ? luke ( tenderly ) I think so ... what do you think ? rachel I think so too ... they hold each other for a long time . luke it 's forever you know . rachel ( try to read he ) okay ... be that the good thing or the bad thing ? luke because I can not hurt anyone like this ever again . she grin . rachel how do you hurt someone ? she throw you out , remember ? he do . she hug he tight . rachel everything 's gonna work out . the kid and I ... we be go to love each other . luke rache , it may take time . rachel what 's eight , ten year ? Hell , you will still be ambulatory . I think . she 's count on she finger . he kiss she . rachel it 's inevitable . look , I be defensive , I be insecure . I be afraid to love first . her incredible smile . fill even luke with confidence . rachel but I be not anymore . a sudden horrific crashing sound . the breakage of the breakable . they look hold . rachel I will get this . a quick kiss . and she 's go . hold on luke 's light smile . maybe this will all work out . int . ben' room - late night Ben be cuddle up in he coverlet . almost as if he 's hide . she pick up some stray underpant . actually , three of they . BEN be you real mad ? rachel how could I be ? we learn some magic ... she go to he bed . sit down . rachel I make all the piece disappear . oh . she lean toward he ... rachel and you learn ... she kiss he forehead . very sweetly . rachel ... to make that trick disappear , huh ? he nod . Big time . she stand , smile ... rachel ( softly ) a night . of learn . they share the smile . and Rachel leave , into the darken hall . down it now , only to ... ...stop . open a door , so quietly . silently enter ... int . annabelle's room - late night ... the room of a sleep child . Rachel move soundlessly to annabelle 's side . stare down . listen to the soft breathe . she straighten the cover slightly , in a maternal way . then , on impulse , reach down ... ... tenderly smooth back a strand of hair . one last look . and she ... ... leave frame . hold on annabelle , as we hear the knob turn . the door close . alone , now ... annabelle open she eye . she be think . ext . jackie' house - day Rachel drop off annabelle at Jackie 's door . they must be late , because Rachel be look anxiously at she watch . not even notice that annabelle have pull out a tube of lip gloss , turn the shaft to reveal a glitter golden - color gloss . then ... rachel uh. put that away , hon , you mom w... the door open . Jackie be dress for riding . rachel ( sincere ) sorry I be late , I get lose drop Ben off at kevin' . jackie it 's okay , it 's twenty minute . the horse will be there . Rachel blink . be she on the right planet ? annabelle Mom , look what rache get I ! uh-oh . the kid hold it up . annabelle it 's not to wear around , or any - thing , I be way too young . it 's just for play . rachel see , I ... jackie ( take it ) that be so pretty . you usually only see that color in people 's tooth . annabelle have enter the house , to see on a table by the door a huge , brightly - wrap package . annabelle wow . who 's that for ? jackie ( quietly ) well . it 's for you . the kid whirl around . really ? jackie just because . just because I love you . go ahead ... annabelle start to unwrap the present with Christmas -morn - care . Jackie look at the glitter gloss ... rachel I be sorry , I just ... jackie hey . at least it 's not a editing machine . rachel no way . I tell she two , three year , maybe , for such a expen ... and stop . because the paper have come off . a giant deluxe model beginner 's video editor . annabelle be stunned silent . so 's Rachel . annabelle ( tear in she eye ) oh , mommy ... and jump into Jackie 's arm , crushing she with the hug mother live for . jackie I hope it 's the right kind . annabelle be you kid ? it be so much better than the one Rachel show I ! Jackie stroke she baby 's head . jackie well , I think . you know , why wait ? the child turn to Rachel , freeze in the doorwary . annabelle I tell you I be big enough ! be my mom the great , or what ? Rachel swallow . rachel the great . hold on the look . the woman share . ext . NORTH vale stable - day Jackie and annabelle riding . the kid be still on cloud nine . Jackie 's eye be on she . annabelle ... I mean , she know all the music , and pop star , and clothes and stuff . she 's like still a kid , herself . jackie like a big sister . annabelle she know every neat junk food place . look to see if she mom be okay hearing ... annabelle actually . she 's kind of cool , when you get to know she . jackie I bet . annabelle study she mom 's profile . annabelle and do not tell she I tell you . jackie secret 's safe with I . int . luke and rachel's bedroom closet - night Rachel sit cross -legge on the floor of the walk - in closet . next to she , a glass and a botle of stolie , get toward the bottom . a ashtray fill with butt , and ... ...a card board box . dragge out of somewhere . photo album , loose snapshot . vintage stuff . from she face , this be not a carefree romp down memory Lane . she take another hit on the stolie . more than slightly intoxicate , weaving , squinting at ... ... the next photo . luke , young , straddle a kawasaki . Jackie , just as young , hold he from behind . she wear a halter and short , and look simply terrific . Rachel look drunk and jealous . with a overlay of self - pity . bring the photo closer . squint harder . rachel what the fuck be that ? her worst fear confirm ... rachel ...a tattoo ? int . hospital room - new york - dusk the light be come on in the City . Jackie sit stare out the window , as a iv drip into she arm . she be alone , and down . and fight the fear of what may come to pass . her pager go off . Jesus . she pull a cell phone from she purse . Works it with one hand . bring up ... the smile . showtime . jackie ( softly ) hey , good -lookin ' , I be just think about call y... intercut throughout : Ben on the phone in Rachel 's and luke 's kitchen . he be alone . stare through the glass window of the oven ... BEN rache say I have to eat lamb . I tell she you be make I spaghetti ! jackie honey , this be Thursday . I pick you up tomorrow , and we do big spaghetti . BEN and many meatball . a nurse enter , and Jackie shoot she with a wave of she finger . jackie you will be up to you armpit in meatball , I be fly they in from Sweden . BEN be that like luigi' ? she love this kid so much . jackie not a lot , sweetie . it 's a country . like Canada . only smaller . BEN where be you , anyway ? and the feel come straight to she eye . she can not fight it . jackie I be somewhere , think of you . and meatball . and you know what ? BEN yes . jackie of course , you do . be magic . then you know I have get a flu bug , and I turn green and barf profusely when I even think about food . so , all the more meatball for you . but you know what . BEN I do . do I have to eat lamb ? daddy do not cook it , she do . jackie do I a favor ? eat it , and then give I a secret report , okay ? pay particular attention to whether it 's chewy and if it taste more like chocolate or soup . he laugh . and she can hear that . and she eye fill . and she murmur ... jackie hey , that 's a world - class laugh you get there . can I all you sometime ? if I fall blue . a silence . and for a heartbeat , the fear . do he hear it in my voice ? but no ... BEN sure . you get my number . and now she 's cry . but she can not . she can not . gain control for a whisper ... jackie that I do . always will . BEN Mom ...? she sniffles ... jackie I be fine , ba ... BEN tomorrow ? can I have one butterscotch pudding for dessert ? see she relief . secret still safe . jackie nope . he 's crestfallen . jackie we can only have two . int . supermarket - day Jackie be push she cart . Ben sit in it , pull thing off the shelf . on automatic she 's put they back . BEN mommy , if you real name 's Jackie and I call you mommy ; and Rachel 's real name 's Rachel ... then when I see she do I say hi stepmommy ? and if my name 's Ben , how come you do not call I son ? jackie ( lose in think ) Thursday 's fine ... frustrate , Ben climb out of the cart and trail behind Jackie . he reach for a apple off the bottom of a huge display of Red delicious , and the whole thing come tumbling down . shaken , she look around for Ben . he 's go . int . supermarket manager' station - day Jackie with a store manager and a policeman stand at the front of the store near the bakery . Jackie be totally distraught . jackie I look away for one second ... just one second ... he 's ...he 's ... policeman how would you describe he ? jackie he 's my son ! he look like he father ! his name be Ben -- he answer to Harry -- manager be he wear a red shirt ? the manager point to the freeze food bin . there , lie on he back atop dwindling store of Breyer 's ice cream ... be ben. hand and beam face pressed to the underside of the glass . Jackie do the only reasonable thing ... jackie yyyaaaaaaahhh ! ... and fling OPEN snow White 's glass coffin . jackie be you crazy , you could suffocate in there !!! BEN nope . I get my warm t-shirt . enough of a non-sequitur to make everybody blink , before Jackie yank he , roughly and tenderly , from the bin . she crush he in a violent , desperate hug ... BEN you find I cause I be you priority , huh ? she kiss he fiercely . at the edge of tear . whisper ... jackie you get that right . ext . soccer field - 3 o'clock practice luke coach the girl team . annabelle one of many who surround he for that final word of wisdom ... luke alright my Little Warrior , remain calm ; trust that the ball will find you ; remember they be you opponent not you enemy -- not kick major butt ! in the bleacher , Jackie sit alone with Rachel . they be have a coach session of they own . Rachel point down to the field , where ... ... annabelle push she hair over she eye . rachel she 's gonna trip over she own foot , if she do not get she hair out of she eye . Jackie cast a sidelong glance at Rachel . decide to tell she ... jackie push she hair over she eye . means she 's avoid a confrontation . Rachel look over . really ? Jackie decide to share more . reading Rachel 's reaction to ... jackie if she 's twirling it , she 's play something out in she mind . if she 's stop comb it , she might be depressed ... as Rachel listen she 's unconsciously twist she hair . rachel what about obsessively pick she split end ? jackie anxiety . rachel last week when she chop she barbie 's bang all to hell -- jackie she be angry at herself . rachel Jackie ? jackie yes ? rachel when I twisted hair like this it mean I be intimidate by you ... Jackie give she the trace of a smile . jackie I will keep it in mind , and use it against you . she look back down at the game . Rachel watch she profile . finally ... rachel you feel all right ? jackie ( do not turn ) not great . plus , I have get thing on my mind . you know . thing . Rachel do not know . blurt ... rachel be you ... see someone ? Jackie snort a laugh . in spite of herself . jackie yeh , that do tend to make I sick to my stomach . actually , I be , uh ... think . decide if this be the time to say ... jackie ... think of go back to random House . on a part- time basis . rachel wowie . how wonderful ! but Jackie still have not turn . eye glue to annabelle , racing around with determination . jackie well , I could do most of it from home . but , while I be work it out with the head editor , I would need to ... sigh . Boy , this be tough . tries for matter -of-fact ... jackie ... make some trip into the city . sometimes , overnight . rachel hey , any help you need , we will cover . Jackie nod . appreciate that . but she still have not turn to look Rachel in the eye . rachel uh. have you tell luke and the ki ... jackie let 's ... hold up for a bit . it may not happen . we secret , okay ? a little strange . particularly the hardness of Jackie 's eye . Rachel watch she . something 's up . rachel ( softly ) sure , if you like . Jackie look away now . to the playground just beyond the bleacher . kid rise swing , clamber over a jungle gym . but she eye be routinely , automatically , zeroing in on one single kid ... ... who be climb he way up a tall slide . crouched over as he inch up the shiny metal surface , use the side rail . Rachel follow Jackie 's eye , just as ... ... Ben reach the top and stand up , hand over he head , Jackie 's breath catch , Ben totter once and ... ... fall fast , hit the grass with a thump we can hear , lie crumpled , motionless , as we two woman ... ... spring up as one , scrambling down the bleacher , running toward the playground , Jackie initially in the lead , but Rachel out - sprint she , close on the child , as he roll over grasp he leg , and reach he first ... ... some instinct make she hold back , let Jackie rush past she , to kneel at Ben 's side . she lift she baby in she arm . his pants be tear , he leg be bleed . his own concern ... BEN I can still go to tucker 's party , right ? int . emergency room - day a full house of walk - in with assort need , none of which appear to require George clooney on a urgent basis . across the room , a irritate Jackie finish the last of the paperwork at the nurse station . exchange a less - than - pleasantry with the less - than - helpful duty nurse , and ... ... head off through the crowd , down a hallway , turn a corner , to see ... luke stand by a doorway . smiling , as he gaze into a hospital room . Jackie come to he side , look in ... Ben do not see they . his back be turn , as he talk to Rachel , who sit on the side of he bed , feed he the pudding she get from a vend machine . BEN ... for Christmas , okay ? every magician need a white dove , a real one , they do ! rachel well , that 's a long way off , sweetie . we will talk to Mom and dad ... BEN dad ! you can talk he into anything ! unseen by the two , luke grin . then , Ben snuggle into Rachel 's arm and kiss she . Jackie stare . rachel ( sing softly ) ' in the still ... still of the ni-ight ... I hold you ... hold you so ti-ight ' ... take it , man ... BEN ( sing softly ) doo-wop-doo-doo , doo-wop-doo-doo ... Jackie stand there . her eye be difficult to read . but she sure be watch . luke ( softly ) Nice , huh ? she step back . look he in the eye . jackie it be . it 's about time . he give she a goofy give - mex a-break face . she twist the corner of a smile . luke she 's a charmer , you will see . in fifty year , the kid will love she ten percent as much as they love you . jackie stop . you be make I insecure . now they be smile at each other . in the old way . a nice moment for they . luke you change you hair . and we notice . it do look different . jackie it 's temporary . luke ( grin ) it 's good . you be not pull a mid-life crisis on we , be you ? her look hold . a odd extra beat . jackie not the term I would use . he glance back through the doorway ... luke you want we to take he tonight ? give you some private time with annab .... jackie never stand between that kid and a meatball . luke yet another spaghetti night . jackie yeh , better I should forcefeed he burnt lamb and ... couscous , be it she make he ? Boy , kid go wild for that . she pat he on the shoulder ... jackie I will drop he at tucker 's party Saturday , if one of you guy can pick he up . I have to go into the City . and breeze by he into the room . Ben wheel to see she ... jackie you know what happen to spaghetti when it wait around for you too long ? he really think . actually ... BEN no. jackie pray . we never find out . ext . a perfectly manicured two story home - day a door with balloon open -- stacy , the birthday boy 's mom , stand there -- child run behind she in party hat , all with they conservatively dress suburban mom . Rachel 's attire a sharp contrast . rachel hi , I be here to pick up Ben . stacy do Jackie know this ? rachel no . I be do it behind she back . stacy in seven year Jackie 's never miss one of tucker 's party . where be she ? rachel something come up . c'mon Ben ! I have get a shoot at three ... stacy tucker have not pen Ben 's present yet -- it will not be too much longer . Rachel eye the mound of present yet to be open . dissolve to ... forty -five minute later ... Rachel , in a point party hat , sit schmush on the couch in between all the other mother . a black jeans stranger in a strange peach land . she eye that mound of present . not even a dent . she pull out she cell phone , move towards the hallway . rachel hey Cooper ... pull a number 64 steel blue gel on the back light ... yeah I be on my way but ... a piece of cake fly through the air and land on Rachel . stacy now Ben , let tucker play with he batcave ... Ben will not let go of tucker 's present . tucker try to take it . Ben be adamant . Rachel reach for he , tousle he hair . rachel hey benjy boy -- chill . ( he shimmy away from she ) he 's there already ? no I do not want to talk to he -- Duncan ? how be you ... the mother be all too aware of Rachel on the phone . two kid shoot water gun -- Rachel get drench . Ben pull at the toy ... BEN I want it ! stacy Ben I know you be angry and confuse but it 's tucker 's birthday party . Ben and tucker fight for it -- the mother all look to rachel . rachel Ben -- ( into phone ) Duncan I be aware of that - goddamn it Ben ! let go of it . now ! he stare at she . it look like he 's gonna let go -- on the mother -- impressed , not to mention surprised . when Ben suddenly hurl the toy onto the floor shatter it ! a horrible silence fall over the room . Broken only by the sound of Duncan scream from inside the phone . duncan in phone Rachel ... this be a big bloody account -- if you do not show up in five minute ... Rachel take Ben and lead he into another room . rachel Ben I be sorry . it 's be a hard day . now would you do we both a favor and take this phone and ... she slam the phone shut . hand it to ben. rachel ... make it disappear . okay . he shove it down the front of he pants . the peach mom be take aback . Rachel nod , you get it . delighted , Ben turn , scamper off , as ... ...his pants start ringing . he stop dead . look down at they . still ringing . he turn around and waddle delicately back to Rachel , as if he 's carry nitro in he short . she hold out she hand ... rachel break out the geiger counter , the man be radio-active ! he pull the ringing phone from he pants . she grasp it without hesitation , while peach mom wince in disgust . snap it open ... rachel get over it , dunc ... ( stop ) ... whoa , whoa , annab ... listen . while everybody watch . rachel could it be , maybe ... anywhere else ? like ... another galaxy would be more convenient . listen , listen . everybody really watch . even ben. Rachel oblivious ... rachel ( gently ) okay , do not cry . flunk science be not happen . on my watch . ext . stacy yard - later all the kid be run around crazily in a hypersugared frenzy . Peach mom drink diet soda and chat . Rachel make a call by the phony little carp pond ... rachel ... just that she daughter leave a science book somewhere at she house , and I need t... intercut throughout : a starchy , powerful , crisply intellectual senior editor , in she early fifty and she jil sander outfit . the East side below she window . senior editor I be sorry , Ms. Harrison be not here . I think I mention that . twice . Rachel nodd . rachel well , she 's be meeting with the head editor for the last few w... senior editor miss , I be senior editor . Ms. Harrison leave random House eleven year ago . we have not have the plea - ure of a visit from she in that time . Rachel blink . rachel actually , she 's go back to work with you company on a part - time basis . senior editor Excuse I . if Jackie Harrison be come back to the editorial staff , I would be frankly delighted . and i. would be the first . to know . silence . in the midst of hysterical child . rachel thank you for you time . senior editor do not mention it . and Rachel 's line . be dead . ext . jackie' house - day Rachel alone at Jackie 's front door . stare at the key in she hand . one last chance to back out . rachel ( mutter ) what the hell . open the door . enter the empty home . walk slowly , self - consciously , down the hallway . Kitchen , kid ' room ... rachel now , if I be a science book , where would I ... and stop . at the doorway of the master bedroom . rachel who be I kid . and go straight to Jackie 's desk . start rummage through the incredibly neat stack of papers ... rachel great , I be leave print . the open appointment book . today 's date . just say , new york . nothing more . open a drawer . stapler , clip , neatly - stack stationery . open the bottom drawer , and ... ...stop . she pull out ... airline ticket . open the folder . Continental Airlines . Newark to San Francisco . and tuck inside ... ...a fax , neatly fold . Rachel open it . the letterhead say , NORTH point PRESS , 134 sutter Street , San Francisco , California . charlene drummond , editor . rachel ( read ) Jackie . can not wait to see you here . I know you be anxious . but it 's go to work out wonderfully , I promise . til then . Charlie . hold on Rachel . try to put this together . int . jackie' kitchen - night Jackie take a kettle from the stove . pour the water into a tea cup . then , fill a second cup . drop a tea bag into each . carry both cup to ... ... the kitchen table . where Rachel be wait . she look more than tense . actually , scared . Jackie take this in , as she set down the tea . jackie okay , what be this ? if you want to dump luke on I , no sale . you be stick with he . and before she can sit ... rachel I know you secret . Jackie freeze . to stone . no one say anything . two heart beat at red-line . jackie I do not know wh ... rachel I be look for annabelle 's book , and I find you ticket . and the note . from you new boss . my what ? Jackie lean forward . her hand rest on the back of the chair she never sit in . jackie my boss . rachel you be not work at random House , I talk to they . jackie you what ? rachel you be take the kid . and move to San Francisco . and Jackie have to laugh . cold. bitter . rachel look , you have never like I ... jackie do not flatter yourself . rachel and I know check into you life be inexcusable ... jackie nobody like a snoop . rachel but I come here to ... all the air come out of this young woman . so vulnerable , so real . rachel ...to beg you . not to do it . and at this . a look of intense interest cross Jackie 's face . really ? jackie I would have think this be the answer to you prayer . lose the witch , and she two brat , in one swoop . problem solve . Rachel be clearly distraught . this be no act . rachel you can not take luke 's child away from he . Jackie think . reading this girl 's face . jackie bi-coastal parent . happens every day . luke get the kid every other summer , every other holiday , it 's not ideal , but people make it work , and ... rachel ( blurt ) we can not live like that . and Jackie straighten . cock she head . jackie do I hear the word ... rachel luke . can not live like that . ah . jackie then let he talk to I . we do not need you to solve we prob ... rachel ( quietly ) ... it 's my problem , too . and Rachel 's eye . fill with tear . she hate that . Jackie will not take she off the hook . stands wait , until ... rachel I get use to ... think of they . as ...my kid too . jackie really . by what right ? six month of part-time screw -up ? Rachel lift she chin . defiant and tender at once . rachel no right at all . I just love they . now it 's Jackie 's eye . that begin to fill . and she hate that even more . rachel ( plead ) there 's so many publishing house in New York . surely , you could find a good one ? Jackie take a step back . shake she head . goddammit , life be full of surprise . she walk around in a little circle . turn back ... jackie sure , I could . if I be look for one . Rachel 's turn to be surprised . confused . jackie you be a moron , kid . you guess the wrong secret . a odd , almost defiant look . Jackie reach up to she own head , and ... ... slowly , hold eye contact all the way , she slip the wig from she head . her scalp cover by the partial regrowth that chemo - therapy have leave she . you can hear Rachel 's gasp clear to Kansas . jackie ( calmly ) Charlie drummond use to be a colleague at random House . I be crash at she place , while I take some new protein injection my oncologist recommend . I can only get they in San Francisco . Rachel 's lip part . but no sound come . jackie life 's a trade - off . you get cancer , you hair fall out , but you do get to smoke dope . rachel ( please ) you be not die . the kid so painfully sincere . jackie no such luck . I be beat the shit out of this . pardon my french . Rachel can not find she breath . she be clearly the worse off of the two , in this moment . then she start to nod ... rachel you bet you be . jackie how the hell would you know ? rachel I do not , but ... jackie how would you know anything ? that be sharp . Rachel startles slightly . jackie I exercise , I eat the healthiest food , you live on pork rind and Ho - Ho 's , and I have get cancer ! that leave a silence . rachel and cigarettes . I smoke , too . jackie you be marrying the great guy who walk this earth . who I have love from my heart for twelveyear ! listen ? jackie and you walk in . you smile that smile . you move that boy . and he 's yours for free . she sag back against the counter . jackie and you . Love my kid . how fuck touch . come forward . stalk she . jackie they come out of my body ! rachel see , I know that . jackie I have give they morelove and more care every fifteen minute of they life , than you could manage in the next fifty year ! leans over the table . Rachel look scared to death . rachel okay , I be undeserve . jackie ironic , huh ? and stare in Rachel 's eye , Jackie 's fierceness fade . jackie ironic , that I be gonna need you . all the air come out . her heart as naked as she skull . jackie to be a little less . undeserve . the look hold . and hold . jackie ( quietly ) drink you tea while I go vomit . and turn , go to the door . turn back . jackie you love my kid , that 's a start . ( nod ) we will work on it . and go . hear she footstep . climb stair . Rachel lift she cup . look at it . rachel ( call out ) this be very good tea ! then taste it . make a face . ext . bar - evening a graceful stone building with arched window . Gas lantern on the exterior wall and burn dimly inside . Stone gargoyle smile down on that who enter the heavy , bright red wooden door . int . bar - evening drink hour . upscale crowd . dim light , clink of glass , the hum of private conversation side - by-side . civilized as hell . and at the deuce by the window ... ... the man 's head be down . we can not see luke 's expression , as he stare at he clench hand . we do not need to . jackie I think a phone call be inappropriate . no one smile at the irony . not much to smile about . jackie I could have take you to that restaurant , but it would have be a waste of money . he loos up . she study the pain . jackie ( softly ) I know . I would not know what to say . if it be you . luke we be go to win this . jackie ( straight back ) walk in the park . and thanks for the ' we ' . tear fill he eye . none in hers . luke you be not alone in this . you be not alone . Jesus , you be not alone , okay ? Jackie swallow . tries a smile that do not get halfway there . look down . luke what happen next ? jackie I live or I die . look straight in he eye . we do not need the bullshit . not we . luke tell the kid together ? she think . a barely perceptible nod . luke want rache someplace else ? on that one . she have to smile . jackie my compliment . on you learn curve . int . jackie' kitchen - night Jackie carry two steaming mug from she stove . this have marshmallow float in they . she set they down in front of she child . Ben start pluck the marshmallow out of annabelle 's mug . annabelle do not care , too busy video taping ... ...her father . who sit with this tender , compassionate , and therefore rather ominous smile . do not take a smart kid like he daughter to guess ... annabelle so what 's up ? who 's marrying who this time ? BEN mommy 's marrying rache ! he 's happy . Jackie reach and shut off annabelle 's camera . and the directness in she gaze keep the child from complain . jackie ( simply ) mommy 's sick , guy . BEN you have the worst flu since ... jackie I have cancer . do you know what that be ? he do not . someone else do . annabelle ( real quiet ) it 's what grammy lil die from . Ben 's eye whip over to he sister . he see the cold fear in she face . back to Mom . she seem fine , calm , smile even . jackie grammy have a different kind . there be lot of kind . hers be very bad . BEN be you bad ? annabelle shut up . she 's go to die . but the anger in she eye be not for Ben . she be glaring . at she mom . jackie actually , I be get better already . straight . as if to a equal , a adult . jackie I have a lot of treatment , and they be not any fun , but the test show the cancer get smaller . luke a lot smaller . annabelle cut he a angry look . he 's on she shit list , too . BEN so you be okay . jackie I be still sick , but I be better . annabelle you lie to we when you nevertold we ! Ben have not think of that . nod now , yeh . jackie that 's right . and you be mad . annabelle just glare with all the hatred she can turn she fear into . jackie I know how scared I get when you be sick . so I wait to tell you . until it be get smaller . I think that be best , maybe I be wr ... annabelle you lie . if you lie then , maybe you be lie now . I can never belive you again ! luke annabelle , never say ' nev ... ' but Jackie 's raise she hand . jump back , Jack . the eye contact with she daughter never break . jackie we make mistake . and we forgive each other . because we love each other , very m ... annabelle where 's rache ? it 's Thursday , we get to be with rache ! BEN ( the diplomat ) I would rather be with mommy . annabelle she 's die and rache be you mother now ! she jump up from the table . hiss at she brother ... annabelle you be so stupid ! and she run , halfway to the door ... luke annabelle ! she turn , startled at the anger in that . luke you do not run out on you moth ... annabelle you're worse than she be ! why don't you just die , too ? and bolt from the room . in the silence she 's leave behind . BEN annabelle 's worse than everybody . int . luke and rachel's bedroom - night Rachel and luke cuddle in bed , watch a video in the darkness . at least , she be . just now , he 's watch she . luke well , I think you should tell he you change you mis ... rachel ( softly ) it 's no biggie . she 's still watch . it 's a french - language comedy . she can feel he eye on she . never turn ... rachel it 's just a assignment . luke it 's Anna sui , you should be do it . rachel be you hungry ? you could make we something ? she 's still never look at he . he can see she 's get irritat - ed . he say nothing . rachel it 's two solid month , around the clock , Jackie need some cover - age , you be in a trial , what be we talk about ? there will be other assignment . he kiss she hair and flinch slightly . tries to pretend it 's because she 's concentrate on the movie . luke they be my kid . rachel great , wallow in guilt , you sure you be not jewish ? a long beat . he snuggle closer . they watch together . luke she 's not gonna die . rachel I know that . int . jackie' bedroom - night Jackie and Ben cuddle in bed , watch a video in the darken room . it be not a french Comedy . they be , however , eat popcorn . the door open . annabelle stand motionless , compose . her face look like she 's be cry . she clear she throat ... annabelle I be sorry you be sick . from across the room . Jackie stare at she . jackie I can not hear you . annabelle then turn off the cartoon ! Jackie cup she hand to she ear . shake she head , can not hear a thing . wave , come on over . and slowly ... ... annabelle do . crawl up into the bed , on the opposite side from Ben . into she mother 's arm . Jackie kiss she head , strong . Big smile . annabelle I say ... jackie ... I be not deaf , y'know . they grin at each other . like equal . Jackie pick up the remote , cut off the sound . and when Ben turn to she ... jackie ( sing ) in the still ... still of the ni-ight ... I hold you ... hold you so ti-ight ... BEN that 's rache 's song ! jackie sugar . I be slow dance to that song before Rachel be even bear . wow ? really ? you bet . annabelle chuckle . jackie you think she 's the Queen of cool ? Jackie shake she head . pull down the cover , pull up she t-shirt ... jackie do she have a tattoo ? the butterfly . just below she navel . Ben have see this before , of course . touches it , with he small hand . annabelle he would not know . I see she in the shower ! jackie and ...? Ben look to he sister . for the verdict . annabelle shake she head . nope . annabelle she be only the princess of cool . mommy be the Queen ! jackie she be but a arriviste . a new word , apparently . jackie a newcomer . she 's still get a thing or two to learn . annabelle nod . you betcha . jackie ( resume sing ) I hold you ... hold you so ti-ight ... ( to annabelle ) you sing lead , you have get the voice ... she bump head gently with ben. jackie the stud and I will doo-wop . and as they doo - wop the back -up ... annabelle ( sing ) for I love ... lo- ove you soooo ... promise I will never ... let you go ... annabelle / jackie ( sing ) in the still of the ni-ight . ext . elementary school - night Parents stream slowly in for a pta night . they be chatty , tired , preoccupy . and 95 % female . int . elementary school common room - night fold chair set in row . Parents take they seat with coffee and cookie . up front , a table where a panel of speaker be beginning to gather . a fade banner say pta -- tenafly day school . Jackie be nibble at a single cookie , when ... ...a figure slip into the seat beside she . Rachel be juggling a coffee and maybe nine cookie . drop one . pick it up . dust it off . Jackie be repell , but have to smile . jackie small world . rachel luke 's depo run late . I promise I would take note . to prove it , she balance the cookie on she thigh , and produce a notebook . look around , and in a conspiratorial near-whisper ... rachel so I have to tell you something in confidence ... jackie you be a cross-dresser . rachel that . and . annabelle be over she head . with Brad ' the dreamboat ' kovitsky . do a groucho eyebrow move . jackie she have not mention this . rachel she be afraid you would make a big deal out of it . Jackie be hurt . cover ... jackie moi ? rachel toi . they have be ' go out ' for two week . Rachel breathless and happy . Jackie attentive . rachel as you may know , ' go out ' in the six grade do not mean shit . they do not actually go to a movie or anywhere , they do not even eat lunch together , it 's just a declaration to the world that they be ... jackie ... go out , yeh . I have kid of my own , once . rachel anyway . he walk up to she on lunch yard today . and tell she ... publicly ... that they be ' break up . ' Jackie 's mouth drop . jackie oh , my God . rachel right . which be the whole point of this ' go out ' thing , so one of they can dump the other one , and they can imitate the whole passionate adult soap opera tragedy , without ever have to actually date . jackie she 's devastate . rachel do not begin to describe it . I mean , you have get cancer , this be serious . Rachel grip Jackie 's arm . rachel she spend a hour in the girl ' bath - room , cry with eight of she close friend , who be send the message to every boy in the grade that Brad kovitsky be yesterday 's toast . devour a entire cookie in one gulp . rachel so here 's the point . I pick she up from soccer , she tell I the whole mess , and ask I what to do . how about that ? jackie and you say ...? rachel beat I . ask you mom . oh . rachel so she 's gonna . tomorrow . leans closer . whisper ... rachel do not fuck this up . int . jackie' kitchen - day Jackie and annabelle be sit at the kitchen counter with maybe twenty hardboil egg . they be crack the shell gently , and carefully peel they . jackie well , do you really think you would meet someone at eleven that you would spend the rest of you life with ? annabelle keep she eye on she egg . a craftswoman . annabelle no , but I think till Thursday . oh . jackie what 's thursd ... annabelle a debate . man 's inhumanity to woman . he 's pro woman . I be con . Ms. flannery be twisted . jackie I could help with the debate . annabelle ( glum ) great . jackie ( think it over ) actually . I could only help he . annabelle every time I be on the lunch yard , and he 's with twelve of he retarded dorkface little ador out - crowd henchmen ... jackie you do not like he friend . annabelle ... they all yell ' there go the virgin Queen ' or the ' Ice princess ' , or some really clever cut like that . like it hurt my feeling . they keep peel egg . jackie you would not kiss he , huh ? annabelle not with my mouth open . jackie ( softly ) good girl . annabelle 's eye well up . she cover by concentrate all the harder . jackie and what do you do wh ... annabelle I call he a fartface or a pervert , or something equally lame . jackie you have to ignore he . and on this . annabelle look up . jackie he 's not even there . you do not see he , you do not hear he , you be just too much of a woman to bother with little boy . annabelle this be a joke , right ? Jackie shake she head . nope . jackie all he want be the attention . when he can not get to you , he will try harder for a little while . then , he will give up . it will be no fun . the kid blink . annabelle you think rache would do that ? take Mom back a bit . enough for she daughter to notice . annabelle it 's just she 's young . maybe she remember how to do this . Jackie shrug . maybe . annabelle study she . annabelle this will work , huh ? jackie oh , yeh . annabelle take heart from she mom 's confidence . nod , with she trademark determination . jackie how many devill egg can you eat ? annabelle maybe twenty . Jackie survey the table . jackie we can always go to the store , if w... a sudden banging on the screen door . they turn to see ... ...a breathless six - year- old tucker through the screen . the birthday boy at the recent party . tucker Mrs. Harrison ...? jackie tucker , be something wr ... tucker how tall be you tree ? the really , really , really , really big ... jackie ( shrug ) why ? uh . tucker how bad would it hurt ? if you fall off the top ? ext . yard - day aerial view of Jackie , annabelle , tucker and assort neighborhood looky - loo kid from seventy feet in the air . everyone look like tiny dot run around the lawn . we realize that we be almost at the top of a giant evergreen tree . we see a patch of red . and now a blue stripe . the wind reveal more -- it 's BEN climbing to the very top of the tree . the call of he name become more and more faint in the distance -- his leg miss a branch -- cause a cluster of pine cone to fall in front of Jackie -- she look up scream -- jackie beeeennnnnn ! Jackie 's Pov -- Ben crouch at the top of the evergreen -- as the wind sway the tree perilously back and forth . jackie do not move ! smash CUT to later , as ... a enormous crane move through the sky . Jackie hold tightly onto jessica , a diminutive five- foot-tall firewoman , as they soar skyward towards Ben . a slightly condescending tone to ... jessica that 's quite a grip you have there ma'am . do we have a issue with height ? patronize the wrong gal . in a crisis . jackie ( look she up and down ) I do not care if you be a dwarf , so long as you do you job . BEN ! i'm coming ! stay there ! mommy'' coming ! jessica ma'am , my arm 's go numb , maybe you could loosen you grip just a little . jackie that 's absolutely out of the question . BEN ! i'm here ! the crane stop . Ben have climb to the top branch of the tree ; they sway from side to side like a metronome . jessica hello Ben . you mother say you be real good at disappear -- Ben try to climb a little higher -- branch SNAP . jackie Ben ! mommy 's so glad to see you -- now stop climb ! ( he keep climb ) Ben listen to I ... BEN no ! I have to get there . jackie where Ben ? BEN before you . jackie Ben where do you have to get to ? BEN Heaven . I have to tell he he 's make a mistake . he should take grammy martha first . or grandpa norman . Jackie 's heart break , unable to speak . jackie Ben . God do not like visitor . BEN how do you know ? jackie ask she , she 's a heroic fireperson . she do this twenty time a day . BEN oh. jessica begin to crawl out to he on the limb . jessica oh yeh . it 's in we official manual . jackie that 's right , Ben . that 's why firemen have giant ladder and climb up and down pole . they be like ... messenger ... carrier pigeon ... between heaven and earth . BEN that 's good cause we need to hurry . my mom do not have very much time leave . jessica then you know what we should do ? we should go to the Fire Station together and ring the firebell to get God 's attention . BEN Cause it 's a emergency . Ben open he arm , teeter , and jessica have he . she reach he out , and ... ... hand he to Jackie , alone in the cherry - picker . Jackie grasp Ben , pull he fiercely to she arm in a death grip . from down below , the kid cheer . the worst be over . hold on Jackie , clutching she baby for dear life . know it be not . int . ben' bedroom - night Jackie stand in the doorway watch she son -- she baby boy -- sleep . she look draw , but even if she body would let she sleep she could not . jackie ( a whisper ) God ... I will do anything ... I will go through any amount of pain you give I . if you will just let I see they grow up . a slow rag breath . jackie be that ask so damn much ? she leave the room soundlessly . Ben stir . annabelle's bedroom - later that night annabelle sleep soundly in the glow of a night light . Jackie appear , lean down to rouse she gently . jackie annabelle ... wake up honey ... annabelle ( sleepy ) Mom ? what 's wrong ? jackie nothing sweetheart . Jackie sit on the edge of the bed , stroking annabelle 's head . jackie I get Ginny weintraub to come stay with Ben . annabelle 's puzzle look . why would you do that ? jackie how would you like to go someplace special with I ? right now . ext . NORTH vale stable - night the light of the full moon illuminate the night and we see Jackie and annabelle sit on a horse . annabelle in front , Jackie with a strong hold on she . both have they nightgown tuck into they jeans , coat over they . jackie hold tight , sweetheart . she kick the horse forward and they head off toward the roll hill in the distance . Jackie and annabelle ride faster and faster along the trail . Jackie have one arm firmly around annabelle 's waist and control the horse with the other . Jackie close she eye for a moment , allow the wind to wash over she . the smell and sound of the night seem to free she , give she strength . annabelle relax against she mother and giggle with delight . Jackie soon join she , and the sound of they laughter break the silence of the night . they come to a stop at the crest of a small hill and we now see the tear on Jackie 's face . annabelle can not see , and stare out at the moonlit valley before they . jackie I be never , never go to forget this . annabelle snuggle back . happy . annabelle never say never . Jackie kiss the top of she baby 's head . jackie you be old enough to learn the loophole . you can say ' never , never ' . if you mean it enough . to say it twice . annabelle yawn . so content in she mother 's arm . annabelle I will remember . always , always . so Jackie grip a little tighter . breathes a single word , just loud enough to hear ... jackie promise . ext . jackie' house - dusk Rachel and luke head up the path to Jackie 's door . it be early winter . Stark tree , a light snow on the ground . Rachel pull she coat tighter around she . int . jackie' front door - dusk Ben rumbling down the hall to the door . stands in front of it , as the bell ring again . BEN be that you ? rachel ( o.s. ) it's you girlfriend , big guy , OPEN up . so he do . give she a sweet hug . luke ( o.s. ) hey. remember I ? he enter behind she . scoops he body in the air . luke ( John Wayne ) listen up . that 's a pretty big love you be givin ' my best girl , pard . BEN ( clint ) listen sideways . I love she and you love she . now what be we gonna do about it ? they follow Rachel down the hall ... luke ( mister Rogers ) we will share . like good neighbor . they enter the live room . annabelle sit sullenly in front of the tv . her overnight duffle and book bag and coat pile beside she . rachel hey , gorgeous , where 's Big mama ? no answer . annabelle worried about something . rachel she still pack for she trip ? annabelle I kill my math quiz , a-minus . they slap five . go through the ritual of a three - step black guy handshake . rachel and ... other thing ? at school ? annabelle cut a look in luke and Ben 's direction . please not in front of the menfolk . rachel we will talk . I will go check on Mom . annabelle frown at Mom 's name . Rachel stroke she . head down the hall ... knock at the open door to Jackie 's bedroom , where Jackie be calmly , meticulously , lay out thing beside she large open suitcase . she wave Rachel in , and keep work . rachel ( check out the stuff ) it 's gonna be cool , huh ? bulky sweater . wool thing . jackie I can never figure weather . last trip , I make all the wrong choice . Rachel and we have a better angle now . Jackie look awful . drawn , weak , mask pain with obvious courage . rachel bad day ? Rachel sit on the edge of the bed . Jackie turn away , go to she open chest of drawer . jackie can not complain . even she voice be carefully under control . awkward , Rachel look around the room . a stack of photo album , scrapbook , open . Works in progress . rachel can I look at the picture ? jackie it 's a mess , right now . that 's my project when I get back . so quiet , we can hear a clock ticking nearby . Rachel 's gaze return to the bulky sweater . hold there . jackie see , I be not go to Houston , after all . like you obviously figure out . jackie there 's this clinic in montreal . we have study they process , we like they success rate ... two woman nodd , in a calm , matter - of - fact way . as if discuss recipe . jackie they combine some compound that have be get result in France , with vitamin injection . seem to activate the chemo ... silence . rachel so. hopeful . jackie it 's promise , this one . we be upbeat . Rachel swallow . she 's out of word . jackie I really look like shit . rachel you look sick . but you look ... together . mentally tough . jackie yeh , that 's bull . I be go for serene , they say some actually get there . a shrug . the first bitterness to seep through . jackie prob 'ly low percentage on mother . she sit , unceremoniously , right on the floor . pantomime a smoke . Rachel go into she bag . jackie you try to center on the big issue , y'know . what it 's all about . what this whole trip have mean . but then , the really big issue keep swamp y... rachel Brad kovitsky . toss Jackie a pack . match next . jackie you do not have any pot , I s'pose ? Rachel 's eyebrow head north . jackie the primo stuff be great for pain . rachel I think my ' primo shit ' get leave in my ' bellbottom . ' Jackie lighting up . deep soulful drag . jackie so . she ignore this little kovitsky punk , take the high moral ground ... reading Rachel 's face . who be already wince . jackie ( yeh ) he 's relentless . a major asshole . rachel ( nodd ) and you say ... jackie what else ? keep on keepin ' on . oh. Rachel try to hide she disappointment . jackie she have to stick with it . have the patience , the gut , to ignore the pain . you disagree ? half a beat . Rachel shake she head , nope . rachel ( softly ) hey . you oughta know . int . luke and rachel be den - night luke sit with Ben , building a gigantic magic castle from a million leggos . I 's architecturally interesting . through the window behind they , a cold winter rain . rachel ( o.s. ) God , sorry I be so late ... she be enter , peel off she jacket . tire as hell . rachel Duncan be do he himmler imitation on this gig . I get yell at for quit at eight . under luke 's patient exterior , the stress be show . as Ben watch , he replace a key piece of the turret ... luke yeh , well , I will be up all night on this brief . and then ... he shoot she a really sorry look ... luke I have get a morning plane to Boston for the depo . back Sunday night . wow . they lock eye in the bond of ' what be we gonna do ?' rachel no problem . luke I make that paella you like . it 's on the stove . she kiss Ben 's head , luke 's mouth , that one linger a little . then , down the hall to ... ... the kitchen . annabelle sit with she homework stack , untouched . stare out the dark window . clearly , this be worse than death . rachel lemme guess . a bad hair day . annabelle turn like a hunt animal ... annabelle she tell I to keep ignore he ! so I do it ! not a good result , huh ? annabelle you know what that creep and he frogface footmen be call I now ? in front of the whole world ? frosty , the snow bitch !! rachel that 's so weak . annabelle here 's weak ... Mom say she be gonna talk to the teacher and Brad 's parent !! can you believe the humiliation ??? rachel honey , she will not d ... rachel I tell she if she pull that , I would kill myself , and she could go to my funeral for a change ! for a change . that 's where this be come from . Rachel reach she arm around she ... rachel ( murmur ) hey . hey . I have personally never go to a funeral . and I be not start anytime soon . the phone begin to ring ... rachel ( a whisper ) specially not in this family . keep ringing . Rachel check she watch . shit . rachel nine o'clock . that could be you mom from montreal . now you need t... but annabelle break loose from Rachel 's arm and bolt out of the room . Rachel watch in despair . lift the phone on the sixth ring ... jackie ( bright and soft ) hi. how 's the vitamin up there ? have big fun ? intercut throughout : Jackie in a hospital gown . at the window of she room , rain pour down on montreal . jackie eat you heart out . be annabelle there ? rachel yeh , she 's ... I will get you Ben first , it 's past he bedti ... jackie how 's she do with Brad ? a beat . rachel can I say one thing ? I mean , the last thing I want to do be inter - fere on the Brad thing , b ... jackie thanks , but it 's under control . a short beat . rachel yah ? well , even the best mom in the world , the smartest , the wisest , whatever . need to know when to find a plan B. cos plan a be not and will n... jackie ( tired , short ) it 's cover , okay ? I appreciate you concern . can I talk to she ? and real quiet ... rachel I will get Ben . int . annabelle's room - moment later annabelle lie on she bed in darkness . clutch she pillow . light stream in as Rachel enter . sit on the bed , next to this furious child . put the cordless phone by the pillow . rachel annabelle , I know you miss you mother . so why do not you say hello . annabelle why do not you say hello ? rachel annabelle pick up the phone . annabelle annabelle pick up the phone . rachel that do not bother I . annabelle that do not bother I . rachel you think this be funny ? annabelle you think this be funny ? rachel no . I think it 's ugly . annabelle you be just a stepmother . so stop boss , cos nobody 's listen ! rachel ( even , in control ) June 3rd , God willing , I will marry you dad . and then I will be you stepmom . and right now , I be not look forward to th ... annabelle suit I fine ! Rachel cook she head to one side , like she 's see Jackie do . rachel stepmother . you think that mean you can step on I ? over I ? that you be one step ahead of I ? well , you be not . strong voice . no smile at all . rachel you know when girl grow into woman ? when they have to . and this be you moment , kid . ready or not . pick up the phone . rachel ( low ) you mama be in a hospital , far away . she need you , right now . she need you to be big . to put the kid aside , and help she get well . now. Fucking . do it ! click the phone on . hand it to she . annabelle ( tear on she face ) hi , Mom . how be you feel ? as Rachel leave , silently , we ... intercut throughout : Jackie at she clinic window . cellular at she ear . jackie darling , I have be think about we little Brad problem ? and I think it 's time we move to plan B ... annabelle you can not believe what he say , it be the worst instant of my total life on Earth !! jackie I know . I know how rough life can be . and how unfair . so here 's what we do . tomorrow , on the lunch yard , you walk straight up to that little jerk ... annabelle and bring my knee up , real hard , yeh ? jackie no , that never solve anything . you talk like the big girl you be . about what you feel . and how he 's hurt you . you know ? you tell the truth . nodding to herself . know this be right . jackie you use you word . ext . subway car - day a actual subway car fill with payr of animal , cat , rabbit , dog , two horse peek out a window , peacock . noah 's Subway , so to speak . Duncan and he client watch as Cooper assist Rachel , who shoot the menagerie from low angle . at last , she lower she camera . check she watch . shoot Cooper a know look . and hand he the camera . wave to she subject ... rachel I love you guy . you be animal ! and start walking off down the tunnel . Duncan look at he watch , then jump up , tear after Rachel , grabbing she arm , spinning she around , he face ... ... someone ready for this . rachel it 's 1:45 , I tell you there 's no one to pick up annab ... duncan but you be not do ! she lick she lip . stands she ground . rachel I have get it . it 's in the can , Cooper can wrap th ... duncan we do not know if you have get it , we have not see it yet ! now go back and finish ! her glare say do not fuck with I . the mother lion look we have see on Jackie . rachel which part of no do not you understand ? duncan look , I will send a p.a. to pick up the child . there be agency that supply sitter , nanny ... rachel they be lose one mother . they can not lose two . the bottom line . he look as freak as she be determine . duncan you be make a career decision here , I would strongly sugg ... rachel Duncan . I have get a even better idea ... she lean forward . in he face . so she barely have to murmur . rachel i. quit . a beat . duncan you can not do that , I will not let you ! rachel no , no , no , this be a job that 's hard to keep , not a job that 's hard to lose , can not be both . duncan Rachel , do not do this , you will never forgive yourself ! she think that over . for half a second . rachel actually . I just do . and without further fond farewell ... she be go . ext . car pool line , elementary school - day the last car be pull away . some kid be still play sport . and sit on the ledge by the flag pole ... ... two child . the little boy be read he garfield book for the three hundredth time . his big sister be simply cry , openly , for a disinterested world to see . a car screech up . the driver blast out the door , run to we ... then crouch slowly . at annabelle 's foot . rachel oh , baby , I be so sor ... annabelle it's not you fault !! Rachel be die inside . reaches to brush at annabelle 's tear , but the child smack she head away . rachel Ben , go sit in my car right now , and I will bribe you big time . excite , he run off . annabelle I do what she say . I use my word , I tell he what I feel , and they ... rachel ... laugh , yeh . they laugh real hard . annabelle nodd big , gulp back tear . rachel that 's because man can be scum , you precious father except , may you live to find one like he , it be damn hard . and wrap she arm around the girl ... rachel ( look around ) now be that little prick still here , because if he be , I be gonna rip he fuck heart out ! annabelle no , he mother 's always on time . great . annabelle and Mom say anger never , never solve anything . it make every - thing worse . rachel that 's because you mother be a fine person , finer than I will ever be . now , just this once ... just this once . rachel if I tell you what to do . can we cut a deal ? annabelle stop cry . this be what she have pray for . rachel tomorrow be Friday , you mom come home . you tell she you do what she say . it do not work yet . but you be gonna talk to Brad again on Monday . leans close ... rachel and youdo not tell she . what you be go to say . annabelle not use my word , please ! rachel ( smile ) no , baby . you be gonna use my word . the sun dawns . on a child 's face . Rachel brushes the tear away . they will not need they anymore . rachel okay , let 's start with look . I know he 's handsome , but the best - look people be so vain , there 's always something they be insecure about . annabelle shake she head . nothing . rachel do he have zitz ? we can call he pizza face . nope. none . rachel help I here ... annabelle uh. he think he nose be too big . but it 's not . rachel great . Big ear , too ? annabelle no . but they stand out , a little . like this . show how . rachel done . he 's a dead man . Rachel stand up . walk in circle , think . come back . strike a pose . rachel Monday lunch , you walk up with attitude , you hear I ? finger stab out ... rachel ( as annabelle ) hey , ear Boy ! ( do the ear ) listen up , Rhino face , because I be say this one time ! so you pathetic , no -life , ass -kiss little groupy here , better take note ! annabelle be swoon with joy . rachel ( as annabelle ) I dumped you , limp dick , when I get a peek at you deform unit , which be sadly microscopic ! annabelle laugh , applaud . rachel ( as annabelle ) as for you pitiful knowledge of sex ? I be not waste my time with some loser who do not even know what snowball be ! annabelle raise she hand . annabelle uh. what be it ? rachel oh . it 's a incredibly disgusting , and not remotely sexy thing , that they describe in a movie I would never let you go to . but it 's real . do he have a older brother ? annabelle in high school . rachel he will be impressed . the clincher be , you walk away , then whip around ... like this . rachel the guy I see be in the eighth grade at prep School , and he laugh he ass off every time we talk about you . annabelle but rache ... rachel a suitable boy , will be at this flagpole , on Monday , with a very expensive bike , and he will be a stone fox if I have to call a escort service ! the kid . be breathless . rachel now let 's go stuff you full of junk food . wrap a arm around she . rachel I have have the worst day . till now . int . newark airport - day arrive passengers be fill through the gate . last , be a female flight attendant , wheeling a gray - face Jackie in a collapsible wheelchair . the woman lean to she ... flight attendant we will get you bag , and the taxi be just ... Jackie grip the wheel , stopping they . stare , freeze , as across the way ... three face stare back . rachel ( sheepish ) surprise ? and Jackie leap out of the wheelchair , run across the distance , run to scoop she baby in she arm ... jackie it 's a miracle ! I can walk ! annabelle laugh . Ben cover Jackie with kiss . Rachel watch . from the crowd . int . jackie' home - day Rachel carry the suitcase , Jackie have each kid by the hand , as they troop through the house to arrive at ... ... Jackie 's bedroom . where Jackie freeze . her mouth OPEN . for Rachel have ... ... hung strike black and white photo of the child all over the room . one be of Ben 's feet , leave shoe on right foot and vice - versa . another glimpsis annabelle 's beautiful face hide in she hair . Ben sit in a cupboard . annabelle a bold ear of corn . Ben sit on the bottom limb of the huge evergreen . annabelle kissing she horse 's muzzle . Jackie just stand . try not to cry . jackie okay . this be good . BEN I help . she know he do . look across the room at Rachel . no more word . BEN let 's go to the park ! Jackie sigh . smile down at he . jackie I have get a lot of medicine in I , sweetie . and I be a little wobbly for drive or run be ... BEN rache can do that part . Jackie absorb that . and all it portend . rachel ( softly ) hon , maybe you mom would like t... jackie ... go to the park . in the worst way . silence . annabelle ( grin ) well , with Rachel drive . that 's how we will go . ext . park - day long angle ... five swing in use . in four , the kid be push by mom or nanny . in the fifth , Ben be push by annabelle . guess who 's go the high . pull back to ... ... two woman on a bench . under a starkly bare tree . Jackie be drink in the air , the cold , the day . Rachel watch that . rachel serene . you be get the hang of it . Jackie do not answer for a beat . almost as if she have not hear . jackie serene mean you accept . shake she head . jackie part of I have not quit yet . and the other part be still pretty outrage . ( calmly ) when it 's not terrify . watch the world of mom and kid . who be not terrify . jackie I be think . do I know you well enough to really chew you out ? rachel no . Jackie turn to she . diamond laser glare ... jackie have you lose you mind ?! you fight year for that job ! and you quit ?? oh. that . rachel it 's just not the right time t... jackie do what you have work you whole life to do ? rachel it be just a job , there will be plenty of other . jackie you mean , after I be dead ? do you ? rachel hey , you have not quit on you , I be sure as hell not gonna . I just mean , I be juggling a lot right n... jackie juggle it ! move the darkroom into you house . you have get that room downstairs with the treadmill luke never use anyway . do not lose you confidence . do not lose you edge . rachel it 's the same choice you make . jackie yes . I make the choice that be right for I . and I do not regret it . but even for I , there be day when I feel so lose , so invis - ible . and then I would hate myself for the kid not be enough . reading Rachel 's face . jackie ( softer ) I know you , huh ? the car pool , he measle , the pta . it 's not gonna be enough for you in the long run . you have to think long term . rachel I just want to spend time with they when I be not rush or on the phone or tired or ... jackie that 's motherhood . that 's the job , with or without a career . I be tell you the biggest gift you can give they be you happiness . they need you to be happy . can you hear I ? jackie Cause if you be not , the easiest person to blame be the guy sleep next to you . and you will push he away , and then hate he even more when he go , until finally you have no choice but to leave . and that can not happen . Rachel 's turn to wonder . she start to say something , think better of it . ask instead ... rachel that 's the bottom line , be not it ? I can not make a mistake . because it will screw you kid . glance over . rachel my advice to you ? do not die . jackie feeling the pressure ? Rachel 's eye move across Jackie 's face . then , out to Ben , on the distant swing . rachel last time I push he ? he say , ' Higher , rache . it make my penis sting . ' thin smile . now it 's Jackie watch Rachel 's profile . rachel I be gonna buy he that white dove for Christmas . if I do not , you will get he a fuck eagle ! Jackie keep watch she . and in a quiet voice ... jackie Ben be bear in two hour , go right to my breast and campe there for three day . always with this ... mischievous look ... watch Rachel nodd , absorb . jackie somehow , he blanket always look like a cape , even the nurse say that . he love to hear that story , over and over . how he be bear a magician . rachel ( softly , never turn ) and she ...? jackie take 28 hour . she just be not sure about enter this world . watch the feel well in Rachel 's eye . jackie the doctor want to go in and get she , but I know she would come in she own time . Rachel nod . it fit . jackie that 's who she be . do not let anybody rush she . silence . a murmur ... rachel I will keep that in mind . Rachel settles back . her eye now lock away somewhere private . jackie ( quietly ) what ? rache smile . that Jackie sense something . rachel it 's not about the kid . look over . decide whether to ask ... rachel that thing you say before . push the guy sleep next to you away . because of what you give up for motherhood ... jackie be that what he tell you ? rachel he will not discuss it . just call it history . a trace of edge to Jackie 's smile . but no real anger . jackie well , he get that part right . look . look . rachel so what 's the part he get wrong ? a urgency in that . rachel I get all day . ext . courthouse step - twilight luke and he bulky briefcase , come down the stone step two at a time , until ... ...he see she . in she winter coat . smoke as if it could keep she warm . and despite she tension , he grin , head over . luke what a great surpri ... rachel hold you applause . we be not have fun , here . and from she face . she mean every word . luke ( concerned ) be Jack okay ? great . just what she want to hear . rachel oh yeh , she be crack I up . dish detail of she sordid little divorce . ah. a beat . to assess the damage . luke and you freak . a little . hey ... rachel just like to make sure . that you past . and my future . be real different . luke ( quietly ) well , they will be . rachel ( hard and low ) imagine my relief . so what 's for dinner ? he sigh . Jesus . luke why in the world would she t... rachel you take a fishing trip with the boy . like it so much , you take another . luke I need some time away . rachel ... while she watch the kid . then , you book this flat in Paris for you family 's summer . but she say ... luke ( weary ) ' ... the kid have camp . they friend be here . over there , I will just be shopping in a language I do not even know . my life , and the kid ' life , be not here to service you mid-life crisis . ' do it go like that ? it do . people be pass they . they do not notice . luke she call it a fight . the fight . rachel what do you call it ? you tell she you have doubt . he look around . people be move on . toward they drink , they dinner , they life . luke can we go sit somewhere ? rachel let I put it this way . Hell , no . and take out she cigarettes . her finger fumble slightly . it be not the cold . luke I tell she I love she . rachel by way of say you be unhappy . luke restless . rachel Excuse I . ' thing be so confusing for I , Jack . we life feel too comfortable , too safe , too predict - able . it 's a partnership , it 's juggling schedule . when I think of play that out , every day , for the rest of my life ... ' Dead at he eye . and he nod . once . luke ( softly ) '... I do not know if I can make it . ' that 's what I say . but I do not leave . rachel no , she throw you out . what a difficult woman . pull out she box of match . rachel so now I get to wait ... a single match ... rachel for the first sign . the first fishing trip ... strike it . shield it from the wind . rachel what do you figure , luke ? when be I too old to be exciting ? when you daughter bring home she college roommate ? light she cigarette . as he watch . luke ( softly ) that 's a pretty ugly thing you just say . rachel no , here 's ugly . ' I love you , babe . it 's just we life together I be not so sure about ... ' Big draw . never waver from he eye . rachel ' but keep dance , and if you be lucky , I might just never leave , who know ? ' luke that 's not we . rachel because you have change so much . he put he hand on she , gently . but she flinch . so the hand come away . luke you want I to show you the future . well , I can not darlin' . I can not . she search the lovelight in he eye . as if she could weigh it . luke we make we life , one step at a time . we do the best we can . the truth about the future ? a promise . be only a hope . rachel how about the promise we make to we kid ? about they future . do we shrug that off , just that easily ? that slow he down . rachel maybe annabelle deserve to find out who really break up she family . while she mom be still around . stop he . cold . rachel ( quiet ) hey . just a think . flip she cigarette to the gutter . shrug ... rachel you get one less for dinner . take a step back . only one . but it register . luke where you goin ' ? rachel I be gonna get I a drink . nod , to herself . rachel and I be gonna drink it alone . and she walk off . slow . ext . car pool line , elementary school - day Ben alone in the back seat . reading he beloved garfield book . shift angle to see ... ... the woman stand by the car . Rachel look a little anxious ... rachel you really do not have to come , you know . I would have bring they straight t... jackie ( stare at something ) who in the world be he ? see now , across the way . a gorgeous boy , dress cool , stand hold a expensive bike . and chat happily with annabelle . in the distance , other kid pretend they be not watch . rachel look nice enough to m ... jackie he look familiar . do he do a calvin klein ad ? across the way , the boy lean , kiss annabelle sweetly on the cheek . wave to she . peddle off . in distance , kid be die . annabelle pretend not to know that . just walk casually toward we , but as she approach , she can not help break into a run , straight ... ... into rachel's arm . annabelle ( breathless ) it workeditworkeditworked ! omigod , you can not believe the look on he face !!! squeezing Rachel tight enough to crush she bone . and although Rachel hug back , although she kiss annabelle 's hair ... her eye be lock to Jackie 's . Houston . we have a problem . ext . jackie be yard - day Rachel alone by the weathered redwood swing and slide set . she be pace in a circle , look like a kid wait to see the principal . suck she cigarette like smoke be oxygen . she pick a bottle of beer off the grass . twist the top . settles awkwardly on the seat of the taller swing . hear the screen door open . bang shut . Rachel take a sip . before she look up ... jackie ( low , calm ) now we be go to have a fight , you and I . rachel ( barely audible ) be we . jackie and I be go to win . rachel ( straight to she eye ) do not be too sure . no anger in Jackie at this moment . the ferocity of that mother lion . the strongest face we will ever see . jackie now , ' limp dick ' , I know . what . be ' snowball ' ? rachel it do not matter , I do not tell h... jackie because there will be , oh , 20 or 30 mother phone I in the next hour or so . and they will b... rachel give them my number . Jackie on the prowl around this swing . stalk she prey . jackie actually . they will want annabelle 's mother . rachel be that what you be worried about ? look bad at the pta ? jackie you be defend what you do ? rachel right down to the ground . let 's get to it . not quite what Jackie expect . jackie you put filth in my child 's mouth . rachel aw . jackie you have she lie about that ... that fancy - boy model ! rachel worked . like a charm . Jackie can not even believe this . rachel she be beat , and bloody , and it be go to go on , uni ... jackie so you become the hero . and I become the schmuck . straighten she spine ... jackie you teach my child that I be some limp dick loser . who do not care about she pain . rachel that 's not wh ... jackie you think I do not have some dirty word for that little putz ? you think I could not figure out some low blow ? rachel you be not pass them out . jackie well , maybe you version of grow up be ' just win , baby ' . stalk . closer . fierce . jackie mine . be a little different . right there . at the swing . in she face . jackie see , in that crisis , I see a opportunity . for some real growth . rachel oh please . jackie shut the fuck up . I do not go behind you back . the one score . Rachel sip she beer . jackie do the right thing . know who you be , inside . not cave to peer pressure , or lowering yourself to that level , steering you own course ... rachel she be not steering she own course , she be steering yours . jackie well , that 's what parent be about , little girl . they be plead to know how they be suppose to do it . and you sure as hell show she . silence . jackie and there will come another moment . when the stake be really there . and she will look back on this . and remember how good it feel . how easy it be . rachel and she will fight back again . God help I , what have I do . Jackie 's voice drop . the softness make it somehow more menace ... jackie you have turn she into you . and I may not get another chance . to turn she back . rachel ( suddenly fierce ) that 's what it be . and that 's all it be . the hand with its cigarette stab out ... rachel you will not get the chance . Jackie back on she heel . think . a mile a minute . jackie you have get a point there , for a change . oh , yes you do . her finger stabbing out . jackie you do not get morning sickness for seven month , you do not breast feed till you nipple fall off , you do not spend every minute of every day think and plan and know that you decision be shaping the people they be go to be ... and now Rachel . have nothing to say . jackie you be gonna be take Ben 's training wheel off . you be the one my little girl will confess she first love to . you will see they marry , you will play with they baby , you fuck bitch , I hate you gut ! the blast wash over Rachel . and in the silence ... rachel now you be talk sense . she look down at she beer . rachel all year long , I have be watch how you do this . the worry , the sacri - fice , the signal you give they ... thinks . really think . want so much to say this right . rachel and I admire you . more than you will ever believe . and yet ... this ... thing ... have be grow . Inside I . look up . straight to she eye . rachel for better or worse . I be not you . and so she stand up . the swing shimmy in she wake . rachel I can not live my life channele the one true Mom after you be go . I can not do it . I can not do it . I can not . do it . set the beer down . stabs out she smoke . rachel we have to deal with that . and walk off , slowly . across the yard . int . indoor riding ring - twilight huge indoor space . Wood-side wall , dirt floor . High corrugate metal roof , with bird fly , roosting in rafter . a little girl , under the keen eye of she trainer , put she mount through its pace . in the cold air , steam rise from the horse 's body . it 's late , no one else around . track now ... ... down a walkway . toward the stable . a barn cat be crouch , stalking prey . we hear a soft voice , speak . one we know ... luke ( o.s. ) it be like tell she ... see he now . stand awkwardly , against the side of a stall . luke ... that I do not love she anymore ... see the horse , still steaming . stand patiently . luke ... if I could be sure I would always stay . circle the horse now , we see annabelle 's back . she be slowly brush out the sweat mark . where the saddle use to be . her movement be stiff , mechanical . the soft voice continue ... luke ( o.s. ) she say , ' this thing you call a partnership . the schedule , the chore , all the thing we have to work out ... ' we angle circle to see at last annabelle 's face ... luke ( o.s. ) ( softer ) ' ... for the kid . ' the tear that stand in she eye . the set line of she small mouth . luke ( o.s. ) ' ... that 's the life I dream of . and it 's all I ever want it to be . ' she swallow . because she will not cry . luke ( o.s. ) that 's the kind of person you mom be . she 's the best . annabelle say nothing . she drop to she knee . begins to clean out one of she horse 's hoof with a metal pick . the only sound against the stillness . and she father watch . his heart pound . luke I complain a lot , baby . we could not travel , we would lose we privacy , we chance to do thing on the spur of the moment . to live for ... ourselves . the way we would start out . he go to she . the sound of he foot on the straw . luke and she say . sound like you would be happier . if the kid be not around . crouches down . very close to he child . luke I say . I love they more than anything . but sometimes ... I do miss what I have lose . annabelle stop work . turn she face away . luke she say she could never feel that way , not for one single second . so he lean closer . luke she do not want to be with someone . who could . silence . he 's stare at the back of she head . luke you know , this horse smell really bad . annabelle there 's worse thing . at least she can talk . if only just above a whisper . luke do you know why I never tell you all this before ? a beat . she do not look at he . annabelle sure . you want I to blame she . instead of you . wait to hear ... luke ( very softly ) that 's right . she hear honesty . and heartbreak . it make she turn ... annabelle how come you be tell I now ? he get lose . look in that eye . luke I do not want to be wrong anymore . I do not . luke I want to say I be sorry , because I be . and let you hate I . if you have to . she swallow hard . her eye move over he face . luke see that feel ? where you feel two different thing at once ? that 's a grow - up thing . it 's not a lot of fun . she shake she head very slightly . and she eye water . luke know why you mom never tell you ? she do not . luke she know that you and she be so ... solid . nothing could rock that . but she do not want to risk ... the hardest thing . he 's ever have to say ... luke ... you hat I . annabelle cos she love you . luke cos she love you . she want you to have a daddy to love . even if he do not ... completely ... deserve it . now the tear in he eye . and she 's watch that . luke you know how much love that be ? that she have for you . do you . luke there 's go to come a moment . when she will really need you to give that back . and you be just the girl that can do it . the way he say this . make she ask ... annabelle now do I know when ? he reach . first time . stroke she hair . luke that moment will come . and you heart be go to whisper , 'here it be ' wind he finger . around she hand . luke and you will come through . she stare in he eye . and dead straight . annabelle if I miss it , daddy ? you clue I in . okay , he nod . that 's a plan . int . bar - night the dimly chic bar . with its soft upscale buzz . where Jackie tell luke she have cancer . tonight , she wait alone . watch the entrance . nursing she drink . and then ... ... Rachel come into the place . spot Jackie across the room . weave she way through the table . and she be there . slip into she seat . not know what to say . jackie thanks for come out . rachel neutral ground . what 's up ? Jackie stare evenly . her chin rest across the back of she knuckle . she look tired , but okay . fuele by adrenaline . jackie luke call . he say you be check out . of the heartbreak Hotel . the waitress appear . Rachel too lock into the moment to notice . so ... jackie she like a stolie , no ice . rachel ( softly ) double . as the woman leave ... jackie what 's this about ? because we fight ? rachel do not flatter yourself . ( beat ) I always like that line . Signs . rachel I love luke , I love the child . but there be more to life than even love ... jackie no , there be not . rachel and I have look down the road . at what my life will be . and I can not handle it . Jackie unblink . focus , strong . jackie what do you see ? down that road . no answer . then ... rachel I never want to be a mom . then , share it with you be one thing . carry it alone , the rest of my life ... jackie be scary . but you want it . gimme some truth here . the stolie arrive . they wait a beat . the waitress disappear . rachel well , it 's the Jack Kennedy syndrome , huh ? you die young , you always look golden . perfect . the memory kind of burnish the image , and ... jackie come on , a wuss like I ? the stiff who would not help she own daughter fight back ? rachel maybe I be wrong on that one . that sit there . in its sincerity . jackie well , maybe you be not . and so do that . tear be form in Rachel 's eye . here , in this public place . rachel look , when I say I could not channel you . that do not mean I would not give my right arm to do just that . shake she head . rachel maybe I do not want to be look over my shoulder . every day for twenty year . know someone else would have do it right . the way I can not . Jackie wait . thinks . jackie Trade you a smoke . for a secret . the way she say that . something weighty behind it . so Rachel reach into she purse . jackie you know , I lose Ben awhile back ? in a supermarket . Rachel 's hand freeze . in mid-course . rachel you be lie . jackie I lose he . I be panicked . rachel you be lie , you never lose that kid for 4 second , you could find he from a coma , there be no way ! jackie ( smile ) I be run around like a chicken with my head chop off . do my imitation of you . Rachel still not buy ... rachel Ben never mention it . jackie he only remember I find he . my point be , tell you this story would have be the kindest , most helpful thing I could ever have do for you . the smile fade . jackie why do not I ? rachel uh. you hate my gut ? pass the cigarettes over . jackie we be compete . even then . yes we be . jackie instead of be partner . watch - ing each other 's back . see thing be cover . pull out a smoke . offer the pack ... jackie you be not scared you will think you do not measure up . you be scared they will think it . that 's the JFK thing , yeh ? Rachel take one . Eye contact hold . rachel with good reason . they fuck worship you as it be . jackie what do I have that you do not ? rachel everything . you be ... the Earth mother incarnate ... jackie you be the hip and fresh . rachel you ride with annabelle ... jackie you will learn . rachel you know every story , every wound , every memory , they whole life 's happiness have be wrap up in you , every moment ... jackie I have they past . strike the match . jackie you . have they future . Rachel stunne . by the simplicity of it all . slowly , she lean to accept Jackie 's flame . jackie do not you get it ? you look down the road to she wedding . you be in the room alone with she , fitting she veil , fluffing she dress . telling she no woman be ever that beautiful . tear now . stand in two pair of eye . jackie and you fear be . she will be think . I wish Mom be here . Jackie light she own . jackie and mine be . she will not . her hand tremble as she take a drag . jackie now that 's enough fear for either one of we to kill the other . and no jury in the world would convict . Jackie raise she glass . jackie we be guilty , girl . of be human . and we can not forgive ourselves . hold it forward . in a toast . jackie but I forgive you . and slowly , Rachel lift she own glass . click it with Jackie 's . rachel do not rush I . I be decide . slow dissolve to ... int . jackie' live room - christmas morning White Christmas outside the window . richly trim tree , present everywhere , carol softly play . the whole nine yard . luke and Ben stand at a wrap bird cage , where a dove be coo inside . annabelle be set out the cocoa with a uniform nurse . Rachel enter . kiss annabelle 's head . rachel I be gonna check on Mom . go down the hall , every emotion in the world be play across she face . into ... int . jackie' bedroom Jackie lie on she death bed . she be beautiful and near the end . despite the iv tube , the monitor , she 's get to serenity after all . as close as any of we will ever get . rachel hey , gorgeous . time for the present ? Jackie lick she lip . pretty dry . Rachel take a cotton lemon swab from the nightstand . tenderly , clean Jackie 's mouth . rachel now edna say you short - change you last med . you can do present and be comfortable at the same time , y'know . jackie ( clear she throat ) just want to be a little sharper . for a few minute . a few minute . jackie some thing to say . to the kid , huh ? smile . jackie then , bring in the present . we will have big fun . Rachel can not really bear this . rachel you know , there 's nothing you have to say . because they know you heart . you do not have t... jackie just sit I up . Nice and tall . bring Benjamin first . stare at each other . then Rachel reach she arm around Jackie , and as gently as she can manage , lift she to a full sit position . jackie scrapbook . Rachel bring the big book . lay it on the bed . and go . Jackie begin to turn the page . her life with this child pass before she eye . no tear . no smile . just full attention . fingertip touch the one she be look for , as ... the door open . Ben , hesitant , enter alone . his mother 's face be fine and strong and smile . jackie find the bird cage ? BEN ( stand there ) rache say it 's from you . jackie well , do not make he disappear before I see he . Ben nod . okay , I will not . she glance to the scrapbook ... jackie oh , look at this . and forget he uneasiness , he run over , climb onto the bed . Jackie do not wince , do not even blink . nothing for he memory bank but smile . he look at the photo ... ... Jackie hold a spunky newborn . jackie that 's you and I . we first photo as a couple . he nod . really stare at it . BEN do you know I be good - look right away ? she reach to hold he face in she hand . stare in he eye . jackie this good-look . be beyond my imagination . she lean . kiss he lip lightly . how many more time will she get to do this ? jackie ( a murmur ) so what do you think we be gonna talk about ? BEN ( straight back ) you die . she nod . her smile be right there . jackie the secret of it . that only magician . can ever understand . his eye brighten . the sadness push aside . jackie see , when we die . we body go away . we body . but we ... we be not we body , be we ? he do not know . maybe he think we be . jackie if a soldier lose he leg in a war . be he the same guy ? sure he be . BEN but you can still see he . jackie half . of he . this be so fuck hard . but she eye stay dry . jackie dying . be where the whole body go away . so you can not see any of it . but ... rest she hand tenderly . on he hair . jackie what do magician know ? leans forward . here 's the secret ... jackie just because you can not see it . do not . mean . it 's go . do it ? and Ben smile . he be inside the secret . jackie the world . thinks I be go . but only the magician . know better . BEN so where be you ? she be wait for this . for a long time . she wrap she hand around he fist . and put they hand against he heart . jackie ( a whisper ) right here . right here . Inside the magician . shhhh . BEN can I talk to you ? when you be there . jackie always . always . and you will not hear a voice . but in here . you will know . what I be say . yes , you will . BEN it 's not good enough . jackie no , it be not . because it be not everything . and we want every - thing , do not we ? he nod . they do . jackie but God do let we keep the one best thing we have together . the one best thing we have always have . know what it be ? he do not . but he want to . jackie I love you . and you love I . come closer . nose to nose . jackie it 's worth a lot . will you keep it ? he answer . with a kiss . int . live room - moment later luke and annabelle be do a hugely complex jigsaw puzzle . Ben run in , fall on he knee by the puzzle . without look at annabelle , he tell she ... BEN you turn . it be not bad . annabelle look straight to she dad . there be a moment , a silence , that no one else could ever understand . she lean to he and whisper ... annabelle here it be ? his eye water . he take she in he arm . whisper close to she ear , only the word ... luke here it be . she smile at hi . fear go , fill with resolve . give he a kiss . rise , to ... ... follow Rachel down the hall . rache wrap a arm around she big girl . no word , except a murmured ... rachel you can do this . Voice crack . she 's not as good at it as this girl 's mother . rachel you can do anything . at the door . open it , and ... int . jackie' bedroom ... annabelle enter alone . the door close behind she . her eye lock with she mother 's . no word . annabelle 's eye fill with tear , and Jackie 's arm ... ... reach out , and annabelle run to they . they hold each other . for a forever moment . annabelle I do not want to say goodbye . jackie do not . take I with you . and annabelle look up . tear on she face . jackie thank God . I get to see you . grown up . annabelle I be not . jackie ( very softly ) let I be the judge of that . and annabelle climb onto the bed . they hand never stop touch each other . say I love you . jackie there 's a amazing thing when a woman have a daughter . one day you look up , and you see ... a sister . someone . you can say . anything to . anything . jackie I write a whole lot of letter . to each of you . and the envelope say when to open it . like , which birthday . or ... when you get you driver 's permit . first time you see Rome . thing like that . thing like that . annabelle be beginning to lose it now . so Jackie say only ... jackie keep Ben 's for awhile , okay ? until he 's old enough to not open they all at once . annabelle until he 's old enough to read . tear on annabelle 's face . her mom wonder ... jackie be you afraid for I ? where I be go . annabelle yes . jackie do not be . I be go . where we all go . now how can that be bad . annabelle I will miss you so much . jackie good . that 's very good . she nod , yes it be . jackie what you be grow - up enough to know . be that people . can do two thing at once . okay ? she brushes at she baby 's tear . then taste she wet fingertip . mmmn , surprisingly good . annabelle sort of smile . jackie you can miss I . and . take I with you . hold the child 's face . in she hand . jackie when you be in trouble . have I there . when you fall in love . have I there . you can . Said with such absolute assurance . jackie that 's how we go on , you know . forever . because someone take we along . annabelle swallow hard . jackie on you wedding night . when you baby be bear . I want to be there . will you take I ? a straight question . it need a answer . annabelle always , always . always . a sigh . a share smile . jackie you make my life wonderful . you . jackie take that with you , too . hold . on annabelle . int . jackie' bedroom - later that morning the present be here now , they fill up the room , spill over the bed , where both child sprawl . ... Ben ripping the shit out of wrapping like a wolverine , annabelle carefully save she gift paper as if she be go to hang it in the Louvre . she hold a tank top up to she chest , for she Mom 's approval . Jackie 's not sure . Rachel hand up more box , luke in charge of bag trash ... Ben 's white dove , fly free around the room , zipping and diving . no one care . it 's Christmas . hold . hold . and crossfade to ... ext . chapel - night family and friend be leave the wake , exite the softly - light chapel into a snowy night . they be say goodby , kissing one another , go to they car . and say she last goodbye ... ... Rachel turn to luke . whisper , close to he ear . he look at she for a beat , then lead annabelle and Ben toward the car , as ... Rachel go back into the chapel . alone . int . funeral parlor the room be nearly dark . one soft spot play on a simple casket . no can organ music , no sound at all . as Rachel enter . she go to the casket . stare down at it for a beat . and just above a whisper ... rachel see , I tell you I would do this . only ... rachel only . now I do not know what to say . her hand reach out . a finger absently trace the edge of the wood . it seem a gesture of unconscious affection . rachel you would have write it down , so you would not blow it . a slight smile . here 's where the love show . rachel maybe we should change place . nod slightly . maybe we should . she take a step back now , to a wait chair . sit . her hand fold in she lap . thinks . rachel well . we be less than friend , I guess . and more . more . rachel we be never ... girlfriend , we never dish . that be not . what we have . no apology there . it 's just the truth . rachel we have some battle , man , they be ... world class , huh ? ( beat ) and I do not regret a one of they . sad little shrug . rachel I miss they . think . of how much more she will miss . rachel we have get we secret , we have . and I will keep them if you will . cross she arm . lose in the moment . rachel but I wish we have one more night . in that little bar , remember ? remember that toast ? sure , you do . her voice waver . but the eye be dry . rachel know what ? I forgive I , too . see ? you be the magician . a murmur ... rachel do not worry , partner , I have get you back . we be cover . it 's what she come to say . crossfade to ... int . ballroom - night light and music and laughter . they be in black tie tonight . it 's a wedding party . up on the stage , at the head table , some guy be finish a toast , and as everyone roar and clap ... best man ...so to the bride ! thank GOD she 's more than he deserve ! everybody shout the bride . everybody drink champagne . and the bride stand up . in she white gown . in she hand , a envelope . she go to the mike , and wait for the raucous cheer , the call of speech ! , to die down . leans to the mike . flushed and happy . and , oddly , nervous . rachel now I know the tradition , so this be not a toast . at least ... not for I . rachel the guest list be 114 . but we all know there 's one more here , tonight . because ... look down the table at she child . dress to kill . enjoy the party . rachel ...my two sidekick there always bring she along . wherever they go . right ? right . rachel so Jackie and I be sit around . on New Year 's Eve . and she say , ' you be not gonna talk at my funeral , be you ? ' and now . it be quiet indeed . rachel and I say , ' I have never be to a funeral . I be not sure I will know how to act ... ' her sweet smile . keeps the mood right . rachel '... but I will prob'ly sneak into where you be . just before it 's over ... ' nod to herself . fights back the feel of that moment . rachel '... say something . just to you . get the last word in , when you can not talk back . ' there be laughter in this room . Gentle , loving . rachel so she say , ' no way . ' hold up the envelope . hold it tight . rachel she write this . she seal it up , I do not see it . she make I promise to read it . at the wedding . and slowly , luke begin to clap . and other join . and when it stop ... rachel I tell she she would better make it dirty , or make it funny . because ... no way ... on my wedding ... no way in hell . rachel ... could she make I cry . applause . they be loving it . rachel she say , ' it 's a deal ' . the band play a impromptu flourish . Rachel begin to carefully tear open the envelope ... rachel now , if it 's too raunchy , we may have to excuse the kid ... shout from everyone , especially the child . she have it open . she look at it . and everything . stop . the world watch she sway , watch she eye fill as she stare at the small card in she hand . she can not believe this ... rachel ( mouth to herself ) you promise . the tear be welling . everyone scream for she to read it . she lean to the mike , shaking she head ... rachel it 's ... no big thing , really ... it 's just ... five word , it 's ... the place go happily up for grab . a joyful riot of demand . tear streaming now , Rachel fumble to pull up she white bead bag . as she put the card inside , we alone can read the word ... my baby . be so lucky . hold on this . and ... fade to black . roll end credit .