steve job screenplay by Aaron sorkin base on the Book by walter isaacson shoot script 03/19/15 from a black screen -- we be in the middle of a confidential conversation . andy ( v.o. ) the screen say it 's a unimplemented trap but the dialogue box be wrong , it 's a system error . joanna ( v.o. ) when do it happen ? andy ( v.o. ) about 10 minute ago , we have be work it . joanna ( v.o. ) a unimplemented trap ? andy ( v.o. ) it 's a system error . fade in : int . auditorium - morning / continuous 1 we will get we bearing in a moment but right now we be in the middle of a conversation take place on a stage between steve job , joanna hoffman and andy hertzfeld -- all late - 20' / early 30' . joanna so what 's the upshot ? andy it 's not gonna say '' hello . '' steve it absolutely be gonna say '' hello . '' andy it 's nobody 's fault , ( it 's a system error ) . steve ( over ) you build the voice demo . andy look -- steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : joanna keep you voice down . andy the voice demo be flaky . I have be tell you that for -- this thing be overbuilt . title : 1984 flint auditorium deanza Community College steve it work last night , it work the night before that , it work three hour ago . andy it 's not work now so just skip ( over the ) -- steve ( over ) fuck you . joanna shh . andy skip over -- everything else be work . skip over the voice demo . steve we need it to say '' hello . '' andy you be not hearing I , it 's ( not gonna ) -- steve ( over ) fix it . andy fix it ? steve yeah . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 3 . continued : andy ( be you serious ? ) in 40 minute . steve fix it . andy I can not . steve who 's the person who can ? andy I be the person who can and I can not . steve how bad be you say ? andy it 's pretty bad . steve I do not know what that mean . andy it mean ( the demo be more than likely gonna crash ) . joanna ( over ) you have to keep you voice down , Joel pforzheimer be sit out in the house . steve I do not care if -- who 's Joel pforzheimer ? joanna gq . he 's be shadow you for a week , do you notice ? steve alright . joanna just look like everything 's fine , he 's sit out in the house . we reveal the 2,600 seat house which in 40 minute will be fill to capacity . we be at the launch of the mac. steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 4 . continued : 1 there be hundred of seat with '' reserved for '' sign on they for the various Apple team - - " macintosh '' , '' Apple ii '' , '' Lisa '' -- as well as hundred of member of the press - - " New York Times '' , '' Newsweek '' , '' Wall Street Journal '' , '' Financial Times of London '' , '' Le monde '' , etc . joel pforzheimer be out there , credential around he neck , and he give a small wave to Steve and so be 50 or 60 engineer , designer and marketer who be observe the rehearsal from various vantage point . Way in the back be chrisann brennan , 31 , and she daughter , lisa brennan , 5 , who 's tuck in a big coat . steve , joanna and andy be stand in front of a giant screen show a slide of the Mac . joanna be a beautiful , brilliant , dryly - funny Polish immigrant who speak with a slight trace of a accent . andy be a sweet , cherubic young guy -- if you put a bow and arrow in he hand he have look like cupid . nobody have sleep for day . steve ( to andy ) alright , what be you guy say ? andy some kind of race condition but we have not be able to track it down yet . steve be the synthesizer sampling fast enough ? andy no , so the rate be off and it keep crash . joanna ( to steve ) it 's 20 second out of a two - hour launch , why not just cut it ? steve we can not cut it . joanna yeah , you just ( cut it ) . steve ( over ) two day ago we run a Super bowl ad that could have win the oscar for best short Film . ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 5 . continued : steve ( cont 'd ) there be more people who can tell you about the ad than can tell you who win the game . joanna I understand , but the ad say the Mac be gonna save the world , it do not say it be gonna say hello . andrea cunningham , a 26 - year - old publicist for Apple , call from the back -- andrea we be gonna open the house in five . steve ( call back to andrea ) do not open the house . ( to the house ) we be take a quick break . andy part of the problem be -- steve -- what ? andy we can recompile but if it 's a hardware problem we can not get into the back . joanna why not ? andy ( to steve ) you want to tell she or should I ? steve ( to andy ) do not start with I , man . joanna why can not he get into the machine ? andy ( to joanna ) you need special tool . joanna what kind of special tool , just take a screwdriver . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : andy he do not want user to be able to open it , you need special tool . joanna ( to steve ) be this for real ? steve there be a hundred engineer walk around here , none of they have the tool ? andy in fairness , not many of they be issue the tool . steve what about you ? andy shrug -- andy I leave they at the office , it be 3 a.m and -- joanna oh Jesus Christ - - cut '' hello . '' steve no. joanna what 's the first rule of a launch ? steve it 's not gonna crash . andy it just do . steve ( call out to the house ) Andy ! andy which one ? steve the other Andy , you be right there , why would I ( be call out into - - ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 7 . continued : joanna he need to talk to you . andrea cunningham , the 26 - year- old publicist , call back -- andrea yeah . steve ( to andrea ) the exit sign have to be off or we be not gonna get a full blackout . andrea we have speak to the building manager and the fire marshal . steve and ? andrea there 's absolutely no way they be let we turn the exit sign off . steve I ' 1ll pay whatever the fine be . andrea the fine be they be gonna come in and tell everyone to leave . steve you explain to the fire marshal that we be in here change the world ? andrea I do , but unless we can also change the property of fire he do not care . joanna Steve - — steve if a fire cause a stampede to the unmark exit it will have be well worth it for that who survive . for that who do not , less so but still pretty good . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 8. continued : 1 andrea listen -- steve ( still to andrea ) I need it to go to black , real black , get rid of the exit sign and do not let I know how you do it . ( to andy ) fix the voice demo . steve leave the stage , follow by joanna and head -- int . backstage - continuous joanna you need special tool to open the Mac ? steve you know it be a close system . joanna I do not know literally , Jesus . joanna open a door mark '' steve job '' and give steve a push into -- int . steve 's dressing room - continuous the room 's be set aside as a place for Steve to chill , be alone and prepare during rehearsals and before the big presentation . there 's a Mac ( the original Mac ) on a small table . there 's also a large , unopen carton that be recently deliver . joanna and if you keep alienate people for no reason there 's gonna be no one leave for it to say hello to . steve it 's not for no reason . we blow this and IBM will own the next 50 year like a batman villain . remember the phone company ? ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve ( cont 'd ) that 's what Bell be call , the phone company . IBM will be the computer company and in 10 year they will be the information company and that 's very bad for the human race so we do not have time to be polite or realistic ' cause if we be , this company 's next product launch will be hold in front of 26 people and a stringer from the alameda County shopper 's guide . joanna we--listen - - we have not advertise the voice software . we could pull it out of the demo and no one would be disappointed . do you want to try be reasonable just , you know , to see what it feel like ? steve okay , pull the voice demo . joanna thank you . steve and then cancel the launch . joanna I see , you just ( trick I a little ) . steve ( over ) you can tell I how unimportant it be but if the computer do not say hello then neither will John sculley who , I promise you , agree with I . joanna sculley 's not gonna cancel the launch ' cause he 's not insane . steve he 's also not a hack and when it come to the macintosh he 's gonna do what I ask he to do . what be in this box ? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 10 . continued : 3 joanna nothing you need to worry about , do not even open it . steve open the flap on the box and pull out a issue of time magazine . '' Machine of the Year '' be on the cover with a picture of a computer . it 's a carton full of copy of time . steve ( pause ) what the fuck be -- why be there a carton of -- who do this ? joanna somebody think -- steve who ? joanna -- do not matter -- think it would be a good idea to have copy of that time cover available at everyone 's seat . it be nip in the bud and all the copy be be take out of the building -- they be probably already out of the building so ... problem solve . steve this be not a macintosh . joanna I understand . steve somebody think it would be a good idea to , like , enthusiastically hand over copy of time with a not - a-macintosh on the cover at the launch of the macintosh ? what be they hand out at Hewlett - Packard , a bushel of apple with my face on they ? joanna I be sure the think be -- steve yeah ? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : joanna -- that since the computer be man of the Year that that 's good for we business but like I say I be have they remove from the building . steve what I would like you to do with they be to take they , all 2600 copy , and stack they on kottke 's desk and tell he Steve say , '' happy New Year to you . '' joanna okay . steve I give Michael Moritz full access , the whole campus . bandley , Apple ii , Lisa , I give he sculley , markkula , I give he woz , I give he everybody . betrayal , thy name be Michael Moritz and bozo , thy name be Daniel kottke . what should I call the person who think it would be a good idea to hand this out ? joanna I be not tell you who it be , it be do without malice , it 's be take care of , you have a half - hour and we have thing to talk about . steve like what ? joanna like a million in the first 90 day -- steve joanna -— joanna twenty thousand a month after that . steve look -- joanna I be begging you -- 11 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve that be the forecast . joanna -- because this be my field . I be begging you to manage expectation out there . steve I be fan ( expectation ) . joanna ( over ) we be not gonna sell a million in the first 90 day . steve everyone , everyone , everyone . everyone be wait for the Mac . joanna maybe , but what happen when they find out that for twenty - four ninety - five there 's nothing you can do with it ? steve stare at she ... joanna ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) we be competitive at 1500 but once you replace the Motorola 6809 with the 68000 -- steve -- which be what support menus , window , point and click , high re graphic --— joanna yeah , ' cause everyone need rectangle with round corner . steve coach land on the runway at the exact same time as first class . joanna ( beat ) I do not have the first fuck idea what that mean but this be how it get to $ 2500 . 12 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve okay -- joanna which be the price point on the PC which can do a lot more . steve who 's gonna want a PC once -- what idiot be gonna want -- if I need to tell you there 's a spot on you shirt I point to the spot , I do not say there 's a spot 14 centimeter down from the collar and 3 centimeter to the right of the second button while I try to remember what the command be for club soda , that 's not how a person 's mind work . joanna if the goal be ease of use , maybe you should have give it some memory . steve you can complain about memory or you can complain about price but you can not do both at the same time . memory be what cost money . and I be glad you be tell I you feeling about the Mac now because we have a half - hour leave , we can redesign it . joanna I be just ask you to ( manage expectation ) . steve ( over ) look at they face when they see what it be . they will not know what they be look at or why they like it but they 'il know they want it . joanna not instantly . when people hear '' rite of spring '' they tore the chair out of the theater , they do not buy the record . 13 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve '' rite of spring " happen to be the most revolutionary and provocative symphony of the last century . joanna yes , exactly , but igor stravinsky do not say he be gonna sell 20,000 unit a month . steve it be 1913 , there be not -- I do not know why we be talk about stravinsky when -- ( hold up time ) -- I have be properly sodomize by Dan kottke in time magazine . joanna look , obviously -- let I say this -- obviously Daniel do not think he be do anything wrong . steve by talk to Moritz about it ? joanna yeah . steve what do that mean ? joanna you say -- when you tell I the story , you say , '' Dan , do Michael Moritz ask you if I have a daughter name Lisa ? '' and Dan say , '' yeah '' and you say , '' what do you tell he ? '' and Dan say , '' yes . '' my point be that he answer you simply and honestly because he do not think he have do anything wrong . steve ( pause ) except , joanna , except -- I do not have a daughter name Lisa ! ( beat -- pick up the magazine ) and this story be now about how I be deny paternity and take a blood test ! ( more ) 14 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve ( cont 'd ) and that 's why there 's a picture of a -- I do not know what the fuck that be -- that ''s why there 's a picture of a PC on the cover instead of a picture of I and the mac. ( beat ) I do not know what to tell you . I be suppose to be time magazine 's man of the Year and then Dan kottke be bear . joanna ( beat ) well ... steve what . joanna she 's wait for you . steve who ? joanna chrisann . steve brennan ? joanna they be out in the hall . they have be sit in the back of the auditorium since seven this morning , she want to talk to you . steve how do she get in ? joanna who be gonna stop she ? steve I be not have a session with she right now . joanna we issue 335 press credential for the launch , Steve , you piss off chrisann and she 's gonna stand in the lobby and give 335 interview and you , pal , will be long for the halcyon day of Dan kottke . 15 . steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 steve ( pause ) lemme get this over with . but do not leave , you be gonna stay here . joanna I be not . steve no , there 's less chance of a scene if you stay here , she 's 1ll be cool . joanna I find this all excruciatingly personal and I be not stay . steve I do not want to be in a room alone with chrisann . come on , this be I and you . joanna Fine . steve go to the door , open it and step out int . hallway - continuous -- where chrisann brennan and lisa be wait . steve hey . chrisann Steve . steve this be a surprise , why do not you come on in . chrisann thank you . chrisann take lisa 's hand to lead she -- steve ( to lisa ) you come too ? chrisann yes , I be not go to leave she in the hallway . into -- 16 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve okay . it 's a safe hallway , but ... anyway -- they walk back into -- int . steve 's dressing room - continuous steve -- you remember joanna hoffman , she 's the head of marketing for the Mac . chrisann good to see you . joanna Nice to see you . hello , Lisa . we have meet before and you tell I you like the way I talk and that be my favorite thing anyone 's ever say to I . lisa you be from Poland . joanna yes I be . do you know where that be ? lisa ( point to the top of a imaginary globe ) the top of the Earth . joanna I think you be think of the North pole . steve well we be a little press for time , so -- joanna ( head for the door ) I will leave you guy alone . steve why ?... do you want to leave when ( you just say ) -- 17 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : joanna ( over ) I be go to check in with hertzfeld . ( to lisa ) we be try to get a computer to say hello but right now it 's be very shy . would you come help I ? ( to chrisann ) be it okay ? chrisann sure . steve ( to joanna ) thank you . lisa ( to joanna ) my dad name a computer after I . steve I be not you -- steve stop himself and see the look come from both chrisann and joanna . steve ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) that , actually -- do you know what a coincidence be , Lisa ? like if you meet someone , if you make a new friend and she name be Lisa too , that would be a coincidence . Lisa stand for '' local integrate system Architecture '' . l-i-s- a . it 's a coincidence . joanna ( pause ) you about do ? steve yeah . joanna ( to lisa ) come . let 's make that computer say hi . lisa 's still absorb the '' Lisa '' information ... steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : chrisann go ahead , Lisa . lisa so it be the other way around -- I be name after the computer ? steve nothing be name after anybody , it 's a coincidence . joanna come on , hon . joanna and lisa exit . chrisann what 's the matter with you ?! steve what 's the matter with you ?! why be you tell she this thing ? why be you still tell she I be she father ? chrisann a judge tell she you be she father -- steve no he do not . chrisann -- and where the hell do you get off tell time magazine that I have sleep with 28 % of the man in America . steve that 's not remote -- chrisann where do you get off ?! steve that 's not remotely what I say . chrisann ( pick up the magazine ) it 's right here . steve first of all , can I tell you something about time magazine ? ( more ) 19 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve ( cont 'd ) I believe it 's a training facility for pay assassin . chrisann '' Jobs insist '' -- I be quote -- steve I do not invent math . chrisann " ' 28 % of the male population of the United States could be the father . ' 's '' steve I be not say you have sleep with 28 % of american man , I be use a algorithm base on the blood test which say there be a 94.1 % chance that I be the father . chrisann you be try to publicly paint I as a slut and a whore . steve believe I , I be not try to publicly do anything with you . chrisann two-million people read time , how be ( I suppose to --) steve ( over ) it would have be more if they have put I on the cover but Dan kottke ( decide to kidney punch I and --) chrisann ( over --stopp he ) I apply for welfare yesterday . steve I be sorry ? chrisann I say I apply for welfare yesterday . the time article say you Apple stock be worth 441 million dollar . and I want to ask you how you feel about that . 20 . steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 21. steve well ... I feel like Apple stock be be dramatically undervalue . this would be a good time to get in . chrisann you daughter and she mother be on welfare . steve chrisann -- chrisann we be live in a hovel in menlo Park . we can not pay the heating bill , she sleep in a parka . you daughter be ( live ina neighborhood ) -- steve she 's not my daughter . chrisann because as report by time magazine I have sleep with 28 % of the man in America - - steve no . chrisann -- all of they exactly nine month before Lisa be bear . there 's a knock at the door and joanna open it -- joanna I have get Andy here . steve ( to chrisann ) Excuse I . steve step out into -- int . hallway - continuous 6 -- where andy hertzfeld be wait along with some member of he team . lisa slip into the dress room from the hallway without steve much notice . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 22 . continued : 6 steve we be there ? andy ( call into the dress room ) hey Chris . chrisann hey Andy . andy how're you doin 's ? chrisann terrible . steve you guy catch up now ? chrisann Excuse I for say hello to my friend who think you be a dick . andy ( to steve ) I do not think you be a -- steve we be there ? andy no . it 's get a one in six chance of work . steve goddammit ! it should be note there be a number of people -- young engineer --stand around and witness Steve beat up Andy . andy we be not a pit crew at daytona , this can not be fix in second . steve you do not have second , you have three week . the universe be create in a third of that time . andy well someday you will have to tell we how you do it . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 23 . continued : 6 joanna can not help a smile and small laugh . steve look at she ... steve here 's what I be go to do . I be go to announce the name of everyone who design the launch demo -- I be gonna introduce everyone and ask they to stand up . the bag be design by Susan kare , the macintosh font that 's scrolling across the screen be design by Steve capp , the starry night and the skywrite be Bruce horn , macpaint , macwrite , Alice , down to the calculator and then I be go to say the voice demo that do not work be design by Andy hertzfeld . andy laugh a little for a moment but steve stare at he and andy realize he 's serious . the other be look down and try to make themselves look busy but there 's no save Andy here . andy Steve - — steve five in six be you chance of survive first round of Russian roulette and you have reverse that odd so unless you want to be disgrace in front of you friend , family , colleague , stockholder and the press , I would not stand here argue , I would go try to get some more bullet out of the gun . ( beat ) do it , Andy . andy nod to he team that they should come with he and get back to work . as the team start to walk away , steve see one of the engineer take a diskette out of he shirt pocket and a light bulb go off in he head . steve ( cont 'd ) stop. you . what size shirt do you wear ? engineer me? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 24 . continued : 6 steve what size -- do anyone know what size shirt he wear ? do anyone know what size shirt I wear ? joanna do anyone know where the close psychiatrist be ? steve the disk fit in you pocket -- I need a shirt with a breast pocket , I can take it out on stage . engineer a shirt ? steve the disk ! ( to joanna ) I need a white shirt in my size with a breast pocket . joanna yes . which one of the no store that be open at 8:45 do you want I to have someone run to and return from in 15 minute ? steve go out in the lobby , find someone my size who 's wear a white shirt and tell they I 'il trade they for a free computer and they get to keep my shirt . joanna do it have to be a white shirt , be blue okay ? steve no , the Mac be beige , I be beige , the disk be blue and the shirt have to be white . Andy ? steve look at andy and mime roll the cartridge of a revolver and stick it to he own head along with sound effect . andy and he team take off as steve head back into -- steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 25 . int . steve 's dressing room - continuous 7 lisa I try to get it to say hello but it 's shy . steve do not even notice she be there . he take a breath and smile ... steve yeah . chrisann point to the Mac that 's sit on a table -- chrisann so that 's it ? steve that 's it . chrisann ( pause ) I do not get it . steve I know . chrisann what be people go to do with it ? steve ( for chrisann 's benefit ) Lisa , how old be you now ? chrisann you know how old ( she be ) . steve ( over ) how old be you , Lisa ? lisa five . steve come sit here for a minute . you know what this be ? lisa sit at the table in front of the Mac -- lisa it 's a computer . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 26 . continued : 7 steve it 's a computer . can I borrow you hand for a second ? steve put he hand on top of lisa 's and demonstrate the mouse . steve ( cont 'd ) Point that arrow ... and click . you do not have to but if you want you can play with it . nothing you can do will break it so just do whatever you want with it . chrisann what be you do ? while steve and chrisann continue , lisa become engage with the computer . she can hear she parent of course , but the computer and what she 's do with it become a welcome distraction . steve I be pay you exactly what the court order I to pay you . chrisann $ 385 a month . steve I be not the one who decide on that amount . chrisann and I be ask you how you feel -- if you feel alright , if it feel alright to you -- that you daughter and she mother -- steve she 's not -- chrisann -- you daughter , who 's sit right there -- and she mother be on welfare while you be worth 441 million dollar for make that ? steve ( pause ) I be proud to say that Apple donate free computer to underfunded school and we will be do more of -- steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 27 . continued : chrisann what ? steve Apple donate million of dollar worth of computer to school . chrisann what do that ( have to do with - -) steve ( over ) imagine a underprivileged kid who have they favorite teacher with they 24 hour . we be minute away from be able to do that . chrisann in you head be that a answer to my question ? steve tell I the question again . chrisann I be not the one who sue you for child support , San mateo County sue you . steve no let I explain what happen , ' cause I have plenty of time right now . there 's a knock on the door and andrea open it -- andrea Excuse I , you have a visitor . steve ( woz ) wozniak stick he head in the door . woz be amiable . he 's not look for trouble and while he 's a undisputed genius , he do not have Steve 's anger or Steve 's polish . woz I just want to say good luck . hey chrisann . chrisann hello . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve ( to chrisann ) hang on . steve go out into -- int . hallway - continuous woz I just want to say good luck . steve thanks -- you too. woz Big morning . steve yeah . woz you should see the crowd outside . it 's like ... the crowd be like , you know ... steve wait patiently until he can not anymore -- steve ( pause ) I can not really wait for you to come up with the metaphor , man . woz yeah so listen , I want to ask you a favor . steve yeah . woz can you acknowledge the Apple ii team in you remark ? steve ( pause ) I can not . woz just a acknowledgement , have they stand up . 28 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 29 . continued : steve we be launching the Mac . woz it would be a morale booster . just a mention so they can get a round of applause . steve woz -- woz just a mention . steve can we stick a pin in this for a minute -- woz sure , yeah . steve thanks . woz I be just talk about a acknowledgement for the team . steve I have get chrisann in there , I will see you in just a second . woz sure . steve go back into -- int . steve 's dressing room - continuous steve ( to chrisann ) I do not take the DNA test voluntarily , I take it because the board be worried you be go to sue I . chrisann what be you talk about ? steve the board . be worried you be go to sue I before the ipo . ( more ) steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 steve ( cont 'd ) the member of the board , individually , believe that you be derange , Chris . they be worried that you be go to sue I before the ipo and endanger the stock price . fourteen of the great mind in business be literally weigh the possibility that you could affect the economy . so I take a blood test , which I obviously would not have do if I do not think it would prove conclusively and for all time that I be not -- ( he mouth - - '' she father '' . ) -- and frankly I think tell she otherwise be child abuse . chrisann you skip over the part where the test prove ( that you be the ) -- steve ( over ) the test do not prove ( anything ) . chrisann ( over ) a 94.1 % chance that -- steve would you like to be put ina casket and bury if there 's a 94.1 % chance that you be dead ? chrisann ( pause -- smile ) Steve , let 's not be ridiculous . and if I want to embarrass you , if I want to embarrass Apple and if I want to extort money from you it 's not like I have have to invent anything . humiliate I all you want but you do not need to look far to see live reminder that I be in you life and you be in mine and neither of we be disappear . ( more ) 30 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 31 . continued : 9 chrisann ( cont 'd ) check out who be not on the cover of time because one reporter -- one -- find out a fraction of one thing , a small fraction of one symptom of you progress narcissistic personality disorder . the board 's right to be scared of I . steve , without look at it , take the Mac that Lisa 's be work on by the handle and turn it around so chrisann can see the screen and put it forcefully back on the table . Lisa 's make a painting . the kind of thing only a parent could love , but a painting . steve ( without have to look at it ) that . chrisann what ? steve you ask I what people be go to do with it . they be gonna do that . there 's a knock on the door and joanna enter with a white shirt . joanna one of the engineer . steve thank you . steve start to take off he shirt ... lisa do you like it ? steve sorry ? then steve look at Lisa 's painting which he have not see when he turn it around for chrisann ... he 's see it for the first time and he almost involuntarily stop unbuttone he shirt . lisa ( pause ) it 's a abstract . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 32 . continued : 9 steve can not help but let out a laugh and smile at that . there 's a emotion happen inside of he he do not quite understand ... steve ( pause ) you use macpaint . steve keep look at the screen , then glance at Lisa ... steve ( cont 'd ) push that key and the '' '' S '' at the same time . lisa do as she 's tell as the '' save '' box come up . steve ( cont 'd ) now type you name . she do . '' l-i - s-a b-r-e-n-n-a-n . '' steve ( cont 'd ) do you know which box say '' save '' ? lisa point to the right box . steve ( cont 'd ) right . go ahead and click on it . she do . after a moment , steve continue change he shirt ... steve ( cont 'd ) ( pause -- then to chrisann ) I ' 1l1 put some money in you account . and i’1ll buy you a new house , someplace near a decent school . chrisann thank you . joanna ( to steve ) woz want a minute . steve I know . joanna and sculley 's ask for you . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 33 . continued : 9 steve ( to chrisann ) we be do ? lisa can you teach I more thing ? this hit steve and chrisann in two different way but it hit they both . lisa ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) on the computer ? chrisann Lisa , wait for I in the hall please . lisa start to put on she coat , which be a little bulky and tough for a kid -- chrisann ( cont 'd ) you can put on you coat in the hall . steve bye , Lisa . lisa bye . chrisann in the hall , Lisa , now . steve I do like you painting . but lisa do not hear he -- she 's already out the door . steve ( cont 'd ) ( call after she ) Lisa ? chrisann I just want to know , when you say you be go to put money in my account , how much we be talk about ? ( to joanna ) you do not mind if we discuss this in front of you ? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 34 . continued : joanna I be deeply uncomfortable . steve it 's a school day . she need to be in school . ( beat ) I be gonna give you whatever you need . chrisann ( to joanna ) it be good to see you again . I be sorry , I do not remember you name . joanna joanna hoffman . chrisann be you and Steve together now ? steve Chris -- joanna as Steve say , I run marketing for the macintosh team . chrisann you seem like a very capable woman . joanna thank you . chrisann you be well educate ? joanna no , I go to MIT . chrisann and you have a good sense of humor . why do you choose to work for a asshole ? joanna the health and dental . chrisann do not laugh . joanna ( cont 'd ) ( pause --smile ) he 's not so bad . ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 35 . continued : joanna ( cont 'd ) and if I spend every hour of every day with people who be dumber than I be I bet I would be a asshole too . chrisann nod ... chrisann yeah , I guess you would be . chrisann exit . joanna you two be so good together , I do not know why you could not make it work . steve 's tie he tie . steve woz want I to acknowledge the Apple ii team . joanna ( pause ) you must be able to see that she look like you . steve I do not want to insult woz , I just think it 's backward - look at exactly the wrong moment . joanna I know you hear ( what I say ) . steve ( over - - he mean this ) I hear what you say , joanna . we be about to do this thing - - at 9:41 the planet 's gonna shift on its axis , nigh and forever . the two most significant event of the 20th century -- the ally win the War and this . this . so maybe right now be not the very best time to scold I for not be a better father to a kid who 's not my kid . the test -- joanna I do not care what the test say -- 10 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 36 . steve the test -- joanna I do not care about 94.1 % or the insane algorithm you use to get to 28 % of american man - - steve I be buy she a new house , I be ( give she money ) . joanna ( over ) there 's a small girl who believe you be she father , that 's all , that 's all the math there be . she believe it . what be you go to do about that ? steve 's do with he tie . he put a disk in he shirt pocket and try take it in and out . then he grab he jacket -- steve God send his only son on a suicide mission but we like him anyway ' cause he make tree . we be gonna sell a million unit in the first 90 day , twenty thousand a month after that , so maybe you could gimme a break , Ms. hoffman . they look at each a moment before steve exit out into -- int . corridor - continuous 10 on the other side of the wall be a full auditorium - - 2,600 people -- and the energy be like a rock concert about to start . staff and well - wisher ( everybody 's young ) line the hallway . woz be wait and steve motion to walk with he -- steve woz . woz hey . steve there 's nothing in that vend machine that will not kill you . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 37 . 10 continued : 10 woz I be just browsing . steve let 's take a walk . I have not be outside since Friday . woz it 's pretty cold out there . steve Nah . woz I do not think I ask for a lot . they head out the door and onto -- all ext . lawn - continuous all steve I agree . woz so all I be look for -- steve I know and I could say I be gonna do it and then just not do it but I do not wanna lie to you . woz right , and I appreciate that , but you could also say you be gonna do it and then do it , could not you ? steve I think the best thing would be for I to say I be not gonna do it and then not do it , you good with that ? woz can I tell you something ? steve I have nothing but free time right now . woz after the meeting in maui the Apple ii team be upset and angry and down and you know why ? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 38 . all continued : all steve because the Apple ii be not mention even once . woz the Apple ii be not mention even - - yes , that 's , you have it , that 's right . steve it be not a oversight . woz they know that , they know it be not . look , I do not want to make a big deal out of this -- steve that 's entirely within you power . woz the Apple ii -- steve the Apple ii be what be , my friend . woz the Apple ii be what pay the bill around here and have for seven year and when you disrespect this people you be do something wrong . it 's bad business but it 's also , you know , it 's just , it 's you know -- steve get there . woz -- wrong . steve okay , first , if we be gonna talk about this , this , in the last remain minute before the launch which by itself be blow my fuckin ' mind -- if we be gonna talk about this could you not frame yourself as a friend of the work man , most of whom I make into millionaire ? ' ( more ) all 11 12 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 39 . continued : all steve ( cont 'd ) Cause you be not talk about they , you be talk about you . woz I have never , Steve , I have never care about -- I take issue with that . I have never care about credit and you know it . I be talk about they and I give away stock option to people whose name you can not remember . steve they need to make I remember they name . woz if you embarrass this people you be gonna see a brain drain at this company , my brother . markkula take you off the Lisa , not they and not I , so ( do not take it out on --) steve markkula take I off the Lisa because of he strong religious objection to make it good . quick CUT to : int . garage - night ( 1976 ) will it 's the garage . it 's completely trick out with all the crude but cool - look thing a group of young geniuse would have while invent a new computer . the only light be come from a couple of tensor lamp on a workbench . a young steve and woz be stand in front of a huge diagram show several part of the Apple ii from different angle . woz what be you talk about ? CUT back to : ext . lawn - same time 12 steve now I give you everything you want on the Apple ii . ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 40 . 12 continued : 12 steve ( cont 'd ) you do not ask for a lot ? there be not a single fight you lose . woz do you concede that the slot ( be the reason for the success of ) -- steve ( over ) we can not possibly still be talk about the slot , man , it 's be seven year and -- woz I have a point . the eight slot on ( the Apple ii be what ) -- steve ( over ) you be still do it , you be talk about the slot , there 's something wrong ( with you ) . woz ( over ) the slot -- steve this argument start in the garage ! quick CUT to : 13 int . garage - night 13 woz why would you only want two slot ? steve a printer and a modem . woz with eight slot you can -- this be a huge deal that we be able to put in eight slot . steve I appreciate the engineering but it 's not what we be do . CUT back to : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 41. 14 ext . lawn - same time 14 woz and thank God I win that argument ' cause - — steve woz -- woz -- the open system be what people love about the machine and it 's why it sell and still sell . quick CUT to : 15 int . garage - night 15 steve a open system , we be not do a open system . woz of course we be . that 's what people want and the breakthrough on the Apple ii be -- steve people do not know what they want until you show it to they . Edison do not do market research on the light bulb versus the candle . woz I think it go without say that people would rather flip a switch than , you know , burn whale oil . let I explain this world to you . serious user -- steve which world be you explain ? woz my world . steve you live on the Planet wozniak . 15 16 17 steve job -— continued : ext . lawn shoot script 03/19/15 woz serious user want to customize and modify , they want to jack it up , 42 . 15 they want hardware engineer like I to expand its capability , okay ? keyboard for music , better sound board , better display board -- - same time woz and it 's why there be 3000 people here today . CUT back to : 16 quick CUT to : int . garage - same time woz -- improve memory card , they want port ! steve they do not get a vote . when Dylan write '' shelter from the Storm '' he do not ask people to contribute to the lyric . Plays do not stop so the playwright can ask the audience what scene they have like to see next . a painter -- woz hobbyist -- steve we be on the verge of a tectonic - - hobbyist ?!-- a printer and a modem , two slot . 17 CUT back to : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 43. 18 ext . lawn - same time 18 woz the slot be what allow the Apple ii to run , for just one example , visicalc , which my guess single - handedly sell between two and three - hundred thousand machine . steve the Apple ii team have my affection but I be not loving up a seven year old product at the Mac launch . quick CUT to : 19 int . garage - same time 19 woz Computers be not painting . steve fuck you . I be gonna say fuck you every time you say that until you either die or stop . try it . woz Steve - — steve say it . woz Computers be not ( painting ) . steve ( over ) fuck you . yes they be and what I want be a close system . end to end control . completely incompatible with anything . woz Computers be not suppose to have human flaw . why would we want to incept this one with yours ? the two friend look at each other silently ... steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 44 . 19 continued : 19 steve ( pause ) this should not ruin we friendship . woz nothing 's gonna ruin we friendship but if something do it would not be the number of slot on a machine , right ? CUT back to : 20 ext . lawn - same time 20 some straggler be make they way into the building and one of they spot the two steve -- straggler ( shouting ) hey ! Steve and Steve ! they give a wave -- steve the Apple ii be yours , I give you full credit . woz thank you . but they need credit on this occasion and it 's 1ll take 30 second , two minute top -- they head back through the door and into -- a21 int . corridor - continuous a21 steve today be about the macintosh and the Mac be mine . woz I give you that . steve thank you . woz I give you that . just publicly acknowledge the Apple ii team because it 's the right thing to do . ( more ) a21 steve job -— continued : woz head shoot script 03/19/15 45 . a21 woz ( cont 'd ) we will know soon enough if you be Leonardo Da vinci or just think you be but in the meantime -- steve -- in the meantime the Apple ii 's do . 7 year . it be a great run . you should go out in the house and take you seat . woz ( pause ) alright . back up the hallway and call over he shoulder -- woz ( cont 'd ) the Mac be Jeff raskin 's . steve look at woz ... woz take they both steve ( pause ) say it for I . woz a computer 's not a ( painting ) . steve ( over ) fuck you . woz ( laugh a little ) alright . off as andrea cunningham come up to steve -- andrea ( whisper ) hey ! Joel pforzheimer 's on the other side of that door . keep they voice down . steve ( pause ) gq ? andrea ( over ) gq . Steve , he 's ask for some clarification on xerox parc . a21 21 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 46 . continued : a21 steve he 's ask about parc ? andrea you need to go in there . I want he to hear it from you ( and not someone else . ) steve ( over ) how do he know about ( parc ) ? andrea ( over ) I do not know but he do . be there something I need to know ? steve shake he head '' no , '' open the door to a VIP room and walk into -- int . VIP room - continuous 21 -- where the dozen or so people give steve a round of applause . steve thanks guy . we be gonna start , why do not you go take you seat . Joel , stick around a second ? the VIP 's file out , shaking steve 's hand or patting he shoulder or give he a hug - - " good luck , '' '' knock ‘em dead , '' '' here we go , '' etc . as soon as the room be empty -- joel I have be try to get a answer on -- steve parc stand for palo Alto Research Center -- xerox parc . in the ' 70 they come up with something call '' gooey '' --g-u-i -- graphical user interface . instead of type command they use the metaphor of a desktop and roughly the same idea as a McDonald 's cash register . you press a button with a picture of a cheeseburger . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 47 . 21 continued : 21 joel and you be show the technology . steve yes . joel and use it in the macintosh . steve you can draw a line from xerox parc to the mac. joel what would you say -- Steve , I be not say this but what would you say to someone who say you steal the macintosh from xerox ? steve do you know who invent the piano ? joel no . steve do you know who write '' moonlight sonata '' ? joel Beethoven . steve that 's what I have say . I will see you after . steve head out of the room and back into -- 22 int . corridor - continuous 22 -- where andy hertzfeld and joanna be wait for he . andy I need more time . steve you can not have it . they begin walk toward the door that lead to the stage -- andy twenty minute . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 48 . 22 continued : 22 steve it 's 8:58 . andy we can start late . steve hear I , we be a computer company , we can not start late . andy then I have another idea . they walk through a door and be -- 23 int . backstage - continuous 23 they be behind the giant screen on which the whole presentation will be project . several mac and they operator be at table . we can hear the audience 's energy . and we can see a engineer with a small crowbar try to find a spot to open the back of another Mac while a couple of other engineer stand around it with screwdriver . steve what ? andy it 's deceptive and borderline unethical . steve I be listen . andy it ‘’1l run on the five -twelve . steve you test it ? andy yeah . joanna wait , you be gonna demo a 128 computer on a 512 ? steve nobody 's gonna know . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 49 . 23 continued : 23 joanna ( to andy ) and you think that 's borderline unethical ? andy name my other choice please . joanna please -- you have to tell I why it 's so important for it to say hello . steve Hollywood . they make computer scary thing . ( point to a Mac ) you see how this remind you of a friendly face ? that the disk slot be a goofy grin ? it 's warm and it 's playful and invite and it need to say hello . it need to say hello because it can . we hear a few dozen member of the audience -- seat up in the balcony -- start to stamp they foot and clap they hand in rhythm , rock concert style . the few dozen turn into a few hundred . steve , joanna and andy silently take it in ... steve ( cont 'd ) we be not commit fraud . the 512 be gonna ship in under a year . will you absolve I of you Eastern european disapproval ? joanna ( pause -- resign ) the computer in 2001 say hello all the time and it still scared the shit out of -- steve absolve I . joanna just for this . and just for now . the house light go out and we hear the audience break into thunderous applause . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 50 . 23 continued : 23 we hear a woman 's voice over the PA system and see she speak into a mic backstage -- woman ( vo ) lady and gentleman , please welcome founding board member , Mike markkula . we see the silhouette of markkula walk to the podium and we will be able to hear he open remark without pay much attention to they . joanna alright . okay . go make a dent in the universe , Steven . steve see you in a couple of hour . joanna head off and disappear as markkula 's open remark continue . steve wait ... steve ( cont 'd ) ( to andy ) the last three run-throughs we have introduce the Mac exactly 41 minute into the -- andy yeah . steve the clock on the Mac need to read 9:41 . andy the clock 's gonna read whatever the time be , it 's a clock . steve take a moment , nod , and turn to go head to where he 's suppose to wait backstage . he see a welcoming sight -- the first one of the day . it 's JOHN sculley . sculley 's a handsome and easygoing man about 20 year older than Steve . he 's get a bottle of wine and two glass . steve smile and walk over to he as the open remark continue in the background . steve hug sculley and they speak quietly -- steve thank merciful God , the cavalry 's show up . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 51 . 23 continued : 23 sculley ' Cause I hear you have be worse than usual this morning and I do not think that be possible . so I have be dispatch to be the Steve whisperer . this be a ' 55 margaux . steve it 's nine in the morning . sculley this be a ' 55 margaux . sculley start pour two glass -- sculley ( cont ’d ) be it my imagination or have you start to dress like I ? steve it be a bad idea to have markkula open with quarterly report . instead of have markkula open we could have just drop water on the audience . sculley laugh a little -- steve ( cont 'd ) you know , just big 10,000 gallon tank of cold water drop from the ceiling , save Mike some money on index card . sculley just relax . steve why ? sculley ( pause ) I do not know , no one 's ever ask that question . steve laugh a little . sculley ( cont ’d ) there you go . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 52 . 23 continued : 23 steve you be the only person who see the world the same way I do . sculley no one see the world the same way you do . steve I be like julius caesar , John , I be surround by enemy . sculley you be not . steve the board -- sculley the board 's behind you . steve only because you see to it they be . sculley I think it 's a good board but if you want I to push ‘em out one by one we can talk about that . steve I want you to push ‘em out all at once . through a window if it 's the nearest exit . the look on they face when we show ‘em the spot ? sculley I could not see they face ' cause they be bang they head on the table . steve some of they be freeze like they have just see '' springtime for Hitler . " sculley my highlight be the silence that be break by , '' it 's suppose to be a play on the Orwell book , right ? '' yeah , the spot 's call '' 1984 . '' steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 53 . 23 continued : 23 steve yesterday , the day after it air -- once -- the publisher of ad week call it the best commercial of all time . of all time . and it be and if anyone ever do one better it 's gonna be chiat / Day who the board want to replace and it 's gonna be Lee clow who the board think be out of he mind . now listen to this , you ready ? the '' 1984 '' ad start play on the screen - - we be see it from behind -- and as soon as it start the crowd roar . sculley yeah speak of the ad -- steve they want to fire Lee clow . sculley do we use skinhead as extras ? a couple of people have tell I that . steve yeah . sculley we pay skinhead ? I have skinhead on my payroll ? steve ( beat ) not currently I do not think , but -- sculley why ? steve they have a look he want . sculley the skinhead . steve yeah . sculley ' Kay let 's keep that to ourselves ' cause it might offend some of we customer . 23 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 54 . 23 steve which one ? sculley all the one who be not skinhead . steve my point be they do not get it . sculley they do not . steve they do not get it , they do not like it , they try to pull it , they be wrong , we be right and that boardroom be a big bowl of scare - the-live - shit-outta-me . sculley I be run you pass block on the board . who else know ? steve who else know what ? sculley that we pay terrorist to be in we tv commercial . steve John -- sculley they be wrong about the ad but it 's a good board , they be good people . steve they only problem , they problem be that they be people . people ... the nature of people ... be something to be overcome . sculley ( pause ) when I be run pepsi we have a lot of success focus on 18 - to - 55 year old who be not member of violent hate ( group ) . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 55 . 23 continued : 23 steve ( over ) I get it . sculley you be not surround by enemy . ( beat ) we be almost there . about two more minute of quarterly report . they listen to markkula 's remark a moment ... steve ( pause ) chrisann come and she bring Lisa . sculley I have a hunch . steve I be go back and forth on the Dylan . I might quote a different verse . sculley what be the choice ? steve '' for the loser now will be later to win , '' which be what we have now . sculley or ? steve '' it 'il soon shake you window and rattle you wall '' . sculley no. steve why ? sculley we be lead a geek revolution and not the french Revolution , what else ? steve '' come mother and father throughout the land . ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 56 . 23 continued : 23 steve ( cont 'd ) and do not criticize what you can not understand . you son and you daughter - - '' sculley '' -- be beyond you command '' , I just lose a hundred buck to Andy hertzfeld . he say you would change it to that verse . we have get 45 second leave and I want to use it to ask you a question . why do people who be adopt feel like they be reject instead of select ? steve that come out of nowhere . sculley '' you son and you daughter be beyond you command . you old road be rapidly aging . so go fuck yourself ' cause my name be Steve Jobs and the time , they be a - changin 's '' . steve I do not feel reject . sculley you sure ? steve very sure . sculley ' Cause it 's not like the baby be bear and the parent look and say , '' Nah , we be not interested in this one . '' on the other hand , someone do choose you . steve it 's a song about progress . sculley it 's about destroy the past . steve as long as clock work the past will destroy itself by be the past . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 57 . 23 continued : 23 sculley no , you have to consciously get rid of it or the past will be the present as well . and steve 's so happy that someone 's articulate this -- steve yes ! yes ! I be ( testing you ) -- sculley ( over ) yeah . steve that 's exactly -- see ? -- that 's exactly what -- you '’re the only one -- God -- that 's what I mean . you be the only one who see the world the way I do . ( beat ) what inspire hertzfeld to make that bet ? sculley he be warning I that be you father figure could be dangerous . I can start replace the board with more Steve -friendly member . steve ( pause ) it 's have no control . sculley you be the company , you have control . steve I be not talk about the company . ( beat ) you find out that you be out of the loop when the most crucial event in you life be set in motion . as long as you have control ... I do not understand people who give it up . ( beat ) he say be a father figure to I be dangerous ? sculley he do not mean anything by it . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 58 . 23 continued : 23 steve keep you hundred buck , I be stick with the first verse . sculley good . steve what the hell do he ( mean by that ? ) sculley ( over ) nothing . ( beat ) I be proud of you . he do not get weepy but that always mean a lot to steve . steve thank you , boss . markkula ( 0.s. ) it 's my pleasure to introduce my friend and the ceo of Apple , John sculley . steve John ? sculley ( turn back ) yeah . steve Lisa make a painting on the mac. hard CUT to : black -- and '' the Times they be a - changin 's '' crash in . but this be not Bob Dylan 's version - - it 's a woman sing and instead of a acoustic guitar it 's a slightly fuller and slightly more up - tempo arrangement . it 's not a Vietnam - era protest song but a more contemporary and literal statement . we listen to the beginning of the song with the screen in black before we -- fade in : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 59 . 24 peter jenning - ABC news 24 as the song continue -- peter jenning we turn to '' money matter '' and Barry Peterson . barry peterson the macintosh , Apple 's near - mythological home computer , have get off to a rocky start in its battle with industry - titan IBM . with sale originally project to be a million in the first quarter , Apple have sell only 35,000 of the user- friendly machine in the month since it 's be available to consumer . 25 dan rather - CBS news 25 dan rather Apple Computers close two of its factory today in the wake of disappoint sale for what be to be its new flagship computer , the macintosh . 26 local news - a computer expo 26 local news reporter Industry expert sight the lack of available software for the Mac as a reason for its failure to catch on with the public . bill tahill ( industry expert ) the insistence by Steve Jobs that it have what 's call end to end control , which be a way of say that it 's not compatible with most outside software or hardware , be the shakespearian flaw in a machine that have potential . 27 28 29 30 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 60 . wall STREET week - panel discussion 27 tech expert you know how many mac be sell last month ? five hundred . peter jenning - ABC news 28 peter jenning Apple announce today that it will close down another one of its factory , this one in Dallas . for more on that we go to Barry Peterson and '' money matter . '' dan rather - CBS news 29 dan rather in a move that surprised some but not all on Wall Street and in the high tech corridor of Northern California , the board of director of Apple Computer vote today to fire its cofounder , Steve Jobs . ext . opera house / san francisco - day 30 '' the Times they be a - changin 's '' continue - -— title : 1988 San Francisco Opera House the Opera House hold twice as many people as the flint auditorium do and the crowd to get in this morning seem three time as large as for the Mac launch . there be local news van park in front , photographer and press with credential around they neck and of course the giant crowd wait to get into the lobby , which be already jamme . huge banner hang from flagpole tell we we be here for the launch of next and it 's first product -- the cube . ( v.0 . ) come writer and critics who prophesize with you pen and keep you eye wide the chance won't come again ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 61 . 30 continued : 30 ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and don't speak too soon for the wheel still in spin and there's no tellin 's who that it's namin 's for the loser now will be later to win for the time they be a- changin ' CUT to : 31 int . auditorium - day 31 steve 's alone on stage in a pool of light . his hair 's a little short now and he haircut cost a few hundred buck . but the real difference be a lighthearted air -- a easy sense of humor . on a beautifully light table sit a black cube shroud in a black cloth and next to it sit a vase of flower . slide change on the screen in back of Steve to accompany what he 's say . steve Three thousand college and university in the United States alone . over 45 thousand department , over 600 thousand faculty member , over 12 million student . Stanford 's annual budget 's 750 million dollar and grow . the University of Michigan - - over a billion dollar and grow . Ohio State , Cal , Colorado , ucla , Georgia tech -- this be fortune 500 company disguise as George ? steve 's call out to GEORGE coate , the creative director of the presentation . GEORGE ( call ) yeah ! steve the focus seem kind of sharp . GEORGE on the slide ? steve the floor , the pin spot . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 62 . 31 continued : 31 GEORGE I think we want sharp focus . steve it look like I be Steve the magnificent . GEORGE you can not see it from you angle . steve I have see it from every seat in the building and from too many of they do it look like I be about to produce a silk scarf . do not take it personally , I be just not a fan of the circus aesthetic . GEORGE ( call out ) alright , let 's hold here . ( to steve ) we be gonna have to go up and be - focus the instrument . steve ( point up ) just one -- the 30 's fine . joanna 's walk on stage and be , of course , four year older . joanna while we be hold there be well - wisher in the VIP room . they start head off stage -- steve I like the circus , I love the circus , but why do it still look like that ? joanna and woz be here . steve that performer be unbelievable . they have master incredibly hard albeit not very useful skill -- I do not know what the hell go on in the Ukraine - - and it should be present in a more -- I be gonna revolutionize the circus . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 63 . 31 continued : 31 joanna why be you in a good mood ? steve I be always in a good mood . joanna John sculley 's here too . steve do not like hearing that and he take he frustration out on the door as he push it open and they walk into -- 32 int . catacomb of opera house - continuous 32 joanna it 's nice that he 's here . steve no more blue tent with yellow star , no more costume and transvestite make - up --a black stage , white light , and I will be perfectly honest I be back and forth on clown , you know why ? joanna and Andy hertzfeld . you have to see they , they want to pay they respects . steve not one of they have ever make I laugh . joanna you have to see they anyway . steve I be talk about clown , you unassimilated commie . joanna look -- steve if they really wish I well they would keep it to themselves . joanna can I tell you something ? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 64 . 32 continued : 32 steve I do not think they do wish I well but I be alright with that . I be over Apple . I get over the Mac and woz and sculley the same way you get over you high school sweetheart . build a new one . joanna can I tell you something ? steve yes . joanna you say you would not compete with they and you design a computer specifically for the education market which they putatively own so I think it 's cool they be here . steve they be suing I . joanna still it be nice they come . steve they be not be magnanimous , they want it to look like a amicable divorce . History do not remember Joe dimaggio kindly for dump Marilyn . joanna make a suppress but loud sound while shutting she eye and shaking she fist at God . steve ( cont 'd ) what 's you problem ? joanna I do not know but I be sure it can be trace back to you . you know I be the one who have to explain you to people . $ 100,000 to Paul rand for a corporate logo when we do not even know what we company make . a $ 650,000 mold for the cube because God forbid the angle be 90.1 instead of 90 . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 65 . 32 continued : 32 steve I forbid the angle be 90.1 instead of 90 . that box could be on display at the guggenheim and you be forget about the number of coat of paint . joanna on the cube or the factory ? as if customer be out there think , '' you know I would buy that thing except I be not sure I like the color of the wall at they plant in Fort Worth . '' steve you be very funny for someone with no imagination . joanna do not give they a reason to say to the press you have a chip on you shoulder , will you do that for I ? steve I do not have a chip on my shoulder . joanna ( try not to laugh ) okay , but do not give they a reason to say you do . steve I do not . joanna that 's the right attitude . steve it 's not a att -- ( beat ) they be gonna call I back in a minute to look at the light . joanna get one out of the way . steve Fine . joanna yeah ? 32 33 steve job -— continued : joanna 's start to try to figure something out . shoot script 03/19/15 steve one more thing . joanna sure . steve no question from the press after . joanna no -- why ? steve until I have better answer . no press avail . somebody ask where I be , you just see I and I will be right back . joanna how long do you think that 's go to work ? steve I do not know , how good be you at you job ? joanna tell I what I do not know . I mean it , tell I . steve trust I . joanna ( pause ) okay . who do you want first ? steve bring I the face of Steve wozniak . steve walk into -- int . steve 's opera house dressing room - continuous -- where he walk to a small refrigerator bottle of water . he turn around and -- steve aagh ! and take out a 66 . 32 33 33 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 67 . continued : 33 --react to the sight of lisa , now nine year old , who he clearly do not know be in the room . lisa be studiously measure the side of the next Computer , the black cube , with a plastic ruler . she have a Sony walkman on she waist with the headphone around she neck . lisa hang on . steve I think you go to school ? lisa hang on . steve you be suppose to go to school a hour ago , I think you leave . lisa I do not wake up my mom on time this morning . it 's happen before too . I wake up with the alarm and then I get dress and eat breakfast but then sometimes I forget to see what time it be after that . steve ( pause ) why do not you mom just set she own alarm clock ? lisa it 's one of my chore . steve hate hearing this but do not want to get into it . steve ( pause ) well I do not understand what that have to do with why you be still -- where 's you mother ? lisa she go to find a pay phone . steve a hour ago she say -- lisa raise she hand . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 68. 33 continued : 33 steve ( cont 'd ) you do not have to raise you hand . lisa you say it be off by a little . steve it be . lisa I just measure it . steve look at she a second and then go to the door and pop he head out , look for help -- steve ( call ) joanna ! lisa exactly a foot on all four side . steve there be six side but you be not suppose to be here right now . lisa we know if four side be equal to each other the other two be equal as well . steve what grade be you in ? lisa fourth . steve you be nowhere near take geometry . lisa it 's just logic . steve the top , bottom , right and leave be about a millimeter short than the front and back . lisa they be not , I measure they . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 69 . 33 continued : 33 steve Lisa , I be kind of a expert in design and that 's a 20 cent ruler , you think there 's a chance it could be off ? lisa think about it a moment ... lisa ( pause ) if I have another ruler I could measure the ruler but I really doubt ( it 's off ) . steve when you mother -- lisa ' Cause it 's a ruler . steve ( beat ) -- come back , you have to go to school . lisa why be it off ? steve do you hear what I just say ? lisa yes. steve ' Cause sometimes it seem like you just keep say what you want without listen . lisa I be listen . there 's a silence for a moment ... steve be there something you need ? lisa no . another uncomfortable silence ... steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 70 . 33 continued : 33 lisa ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) why be not it a perfect cube ? steve you have ask I before . lisa I forget what it be . steve it 's a optical anomaly . to the human eye a perfect cube do not look like a cube so we make it roughly a millimeter short than a foot on two side . lisa what 's a anomaly ? steve you have ask I that before too , I do not know why you do that . lisa do not really know what to say ... because she 's nine . steve ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) it 's a exception , something that do not fit a pattern . there 's a knock on the door -- steve ( cont 'd ) you have to go to school . ( call ) come in . joanna open the door and she and woz enter -- joanna I think you two have meet . steve hey man . woz hello old friend . steve you look well . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 71 . 33 continued : 33 woz so do you , so do you . joanna and they be tell I George be ready for you to look at the focus . steve ( to woz ) take a walk with I . woz be this Lisa ? steve yeah . woz this can not be Lisa . steve it be . woz ( indicate small ) Lisa 's this big . steve they get taller . come on . woz do you remember I ? steve she do not . woz I be you dad 's friend , Steve wozniak . lisa I apologize , I do not remember you . woz ( pause ) you be very polite . steve woz ? woz yeah . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 72 . 33 continued : 33 woz head out the door -- steve ( to joanna ) chrisann 's at a pay phone . ( quietly meaning lisa ) would you watch Lisa until -- joanna yeah . steve join woz out in -- 34 int . opera house catacomb - continuous 34 -- where they make they way to the stage . woz it 's a madhouse out there . steve good turnout . woz great turnout . steve yeah . woz '' insanely great . '' steve insanely great . woz you know this be the first time ever we have not play for the same team . it 's like you be release you first solo album . I appreciate you invite I to the launch . steve I just want to wipe the slate clean . woz that 's exactly what I want . that 's why I come backstage . I want you to know I 'il be out there with you . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 73 . 34 continued : 34 steve any chance I could get you to go out there instead of I ? woz I love you , Steve . steve I love you too , woz . woz you know -- some thing be say -- steve they be . woz they be . ( pause ) I be clumsy at this . I guess -- steve they be say in public . woz ( beat ) yeah . steve they be publish . you know you be talk to a reporter from fortune , right ? you be not trick ? woz no. steve ( point ) watch you step . woz look , I do not even remember exactly what I say . I know it be -- steve ( no problem ) '' Steve can be a insulting and hurtful guy . '' woz yeah . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 74 . 34 continued : 34 steve ( no problem ) '' I look forward to a great product and I wish he success -- woz yeah . steve ( problem ) '' -- but he integrity I can not trust . '' wait here a second . they be backstage now and steve walk onto the stage where there 's a new pool of light wait for he . we stay on woz backstage for a moment , who now understand that Steve 's version of wiping the slate clean and he be two different thing . GEORGE coate call from out in the house -- GEORGE good ? steve look at the floor , at the edge of the pool of light -- steve good . where do you want to pick it up ? GEORGE the thesaurus . steve a word that 's sometimes use to describe I -- GEORGE hold please , they be not cue up . steve we have get about 10 minute before we have to clear the house . GEORGE I doubt we be start on time . steve I promise you we be . GEORGE we still have to get through -- steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 75 . 34 continued : 34 steve we make computer , we be -- I have have this conversation before - - we '’re start on time . the giant screen behind Steve be show the next desktop as steve demonstrate the thesaurus feature . GEORGE go ahead . steve a word that 's sometimes use to describe I be '' mercurial . '' GEORGE hold for laugh . steve let 's look at the dictionary definition . ( scrolling to it ) '' of or relate to or bear under the planet mercury . '' ( scrolling down ) I think the third one be what they mean . steve glance offstage where he see that lisa be now watch a few foot from woz . steve ( cont 'd ) '' characterize by unpredictable changeableness of mood . '' GEORGE hold for laugh . steve if we scroll down the thesaurus , though , we see the antonym be '' saturnine . '' by simply double - click on it we immediately look that up in the dictionary and here it be : '' cold and steady in mood . slow to act or change . of a gloomy or surly disposition . '' GEORGE hold for laugh . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 76 . 34 continued : 34 steve so I do not think '' mercurial '' be so bad after all . GEORGE let 's jump to 141 . steve gimme just a second . steve walk to the wing -- steve ( cont 'd ) ( to lisa ) it 's against the law for you not to be in school . lisa my mom say I could watch . steve where be she ? steve lead lisa and woz back into -- 35 int . catacomb - continuous 35 lisa why do mercurial end up not be a bad word ? steve do you remember ask I that the night before last when you be have dinner at my house ? lisa I forget the answer . steve the word that be the opposite of mercurial be bad , which mean mercurial be good . lisa I do not get it . steve I think you do get it . lisa I do not . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 77 . 35 continued : 35 steve ' Cause we also talk about it when you come to the rehearsal last week . lisa why be not the angle straight ? steve the angle ? lisa on the cube . steve the angle be straight . lisa I mean why be not they straight on other thing ? steve why do it feel like you be work I ? lisa I be not . steve woz ? why be not the angle straight on other thing ? woz ( to lisa ) when the manufacturer make thing with 90 degree angle , they cheat the angle a little bit - - 89 , 91 - - so that it 's easier to get the object out of the mold . like get a cake out of a pan . but on you dad 's new computer he insisted the angle be exactly 90 degree . lisa why ? woz he 's a perfectionist . lisa cool . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 78 . 35 continued : 35 steve some people do not mean cool when they use that word . woz ( to lisa ) I do . steve open the door to -- 36 int . steve 's dressing room - continuous 36 -- where chrisann be wait . steve I think you guy leave a hour ago . chrisann she want to watch she father 's presentation . steve ( to lisa ) wait in here , I will be right back . lisa ( to chrisann ) I see the thesaurus . steve close the door behind she and stand alone in the hall with woz -- steve be you pressured to do it ? woz ( pause ) what do you mean ? steve look around ... then woz follow he through a double - door mark '' authorize personnel only '' and into - - 37 int . orchestra pit - continuous 37 empty chair and empty music stand be arrange in a semi - circle face a empty conductor 's podium . steve look around at it for a moment ... woz do not really know what they be do there . steve begin walk around slowly ... steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 79 . 37 continued : 37 steve check it out . it 's the orchestra pit for the San Francisco Opera . woz be I pressured to do it ? steve I once meet seiji ozawa at Tanglewood . thunderous conductor . ungodly artfulness and nuance . and I ask he what exactly a conductor do that a metronome can not do . surprisingly -- woz -- he do not beat the shit out of you ? steve ( laugh at woz 's joke ) that 's right . no , he say , '' the musician play they instrument . I play the orchestra . '' woz that feel like something that sound good but do not mean anything . steve markkula , sculley , do they ask you to slag I off in the press ? woz I have reason ( to be angry ) . steve ( over ) do they ? woz absolutely not . steve but they ask you to talk . woz Apple be under siege , you have just leave the company , somebody have to talk to the press . 37 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 80 . continued : 37 steve ( old time producer ) I be right here , woz , the company leave I . woz I begge you , I begge you . the Apple ii account for 70 % of revenue , what have you think be gonna happen ? you do not care enough about the Apple ii or the Lisa . steve let 's be really clear , I do not care at all about the Apple ii or the Lisa . woz I be not pressured to do it . what I say to the press be a honest if tempere reflection of what I believe . steve woz ? woz yeah . steve what the fuck be on you wrist ? woz you want to know ? steve I literally can not wait . woz everyone 's go to be wear this in 10 year . it 's a nixie watch make use nixie tube . woz be show steve he watch . it 's a chunky thing that give a large digital read - out of the time . the thing be that the number look exactly like the kind of number that be on a time - bomb when it count down in the movie . woz ( cont 'd ) this be actually 40 - year - old technology - - cold cathode tube and they be run on 140 volt . ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 81 . 37 continued : 37 woz ( cont 'd ) I tilt my wrist 45 degree and it 's right there - - hour and minute -- the way we mind work . steve do I a favor - - set the watch ahead like you be on a plane and change time zone . woz not a problem . woz unscrew the face of the watch , the MacGyver - bomb number look even worse as woz start to press tiny button with the tip of he pen . steve Excuse I , flight attendant ? the man next to I would appear to be detonate a bomb . woz stop ... woz ( pause ) you think it look like a bomb ? steve even right now I be not a hundred percent sure it be not . woz ( pause ) maybe once people get use to -- steve nope . they sit in silence a moment ... woz ( pause ) I be angry . you be say thing about the Apple ii and the way you be treat the ( team ) -- steve ( over ) woz -- you get a free pass for life , okay ? ( beat --stand ) ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 82 . 37 continued : 37 steve ( cont 'd ) I have gotta get back onstage , we have get like two minute of rehearsal time leave . steve head for the door but he 's stop by -- woz do you understand how condescending that just be ? maybe you ( do not , maybe ) -- steve ( over ) I do not want to see you drag off a airplane in plastic handcuffs , how be that -- woz I get a free pass for life ? from you ? you be the one who give out the pass ?! you give ‘em to I ?!! steve you be gonna have a stroke , li 'o buddy . woz what do you do ?! what do you do ?! why have Lisa not hear of I ? steve shit , man , how many fourth - grader have hear of you ? woz you can not write code . you be not a engineer , you be not a designer , you can not put a hammer to a nail . I build the circuit board , the graphical interface be steal from xerox parc , Jeff raskin be the leader of the Mac team before you throw he off he own project ... everything ! somebody else design the box ! so how come 10 time ina day I read Steve Jobs be a genius ? what do you do ? steve I play the orchestra . and you be a good musician . ( point ) ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 83 . 37 continued : 37 steve ( cont 'd ) you sit right there . you be the best in you row . woz I come here to clear the air . you know why I come here ? steve do not you just ( answer that ? ) woz ( over ) I come here ' cause you be gonna get kill . you computer be go to fail . you have a college and university advisory board tell you they need a powerful workstation for 2 to 3 thousand , you have priced next at 6500 , which do not include the optional three thousand - dollar hard drive which people will discover be not optional because the optical disk be too weak to do anything and the twenty five hundred dollar laser printer bring the total to twelve- thousand dollar and in the entire world , you be the only person who care that it 's house in a perfect cube . you be gonna get kill and I come here to stand next to you while that happen because that 's what friend do , that 's what man do , I do not need you pass . we go back so do not talk to I like I be other people . I be the only one who know that this guy here be someone you invent . I be stand by you ' cause that perfect cube that do nothing be about to be the single biggest failure in the history of personal computing . steve want to tear into woz and he consider it for a quick moment but instead of do that he say this ... steve ( pause ) tell I something else I do not know . steve open the door and walk out into -- steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 84 . 38 int . corridor - continuous 38 joanna 's wait . steve back on stage ? joanna we be out of time . they have get to mop the stage and open the house . steve look at she ... steve ( pause ) if it crash it crash , right ? joanna you will make a joke . steve I ' 1l make a joke . joanna if it crash it crash . steve it 's a good slogan . '' next : if it crashes it crashes . '' joanna ( quietly ) I be not just talk about the demo . Steve ? if it tank we do not swallow cyanide , we go back to the draw board . steve no more draw board . you invent the edsel twice and you do not get anymore draw board . so let 's not -- joanna tell I what the plan be . you have to tell I the plan because I do not know . you be walk around like you have get can not - lose card . steve the plan will reveal itself to you when you be ready to see it . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 85 . 38 continued : 38 joanna will I have to drop acid ? steve could not hurt . joanna be there a plan ? steve have I ever let you down ? joanna every single goddamn time . steve then I be due . joanna be there ? steve joanna , there be a plan . but I do not want to put you in a position where you be lie to people . joanna consider this a moment ... joanna ( pause ) start 15 minute late so avie ( can recompile and try to give we a fight ) -- steve Jesus Christ , how many time -- joanna Fine . steve -- be we gonna have this con -- we be not start late . ever . we be not ever start late . joanna but where do you come down on start late ? steve take a moment ... steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 86 . 38 continued : 38 steve Lisa 's be do this thing where she ask I about stuff I have already tell she . she ask I question and I know she already know the answer . what 's that about ? joanna kid do that when they be scared one of they parent be in a bad mood . they try to get you talk about something you like . it 's very common and can be treat by talk to she about thing she like . steve ( pause ) do have any training or experience in this field ? joanna no . steve tell ‘em to open the house . steve head down the hall a little , open the door and walk into -- 39 int . he dressing room - continuous 39 -- where chrisann be wait . steve where 's Lisa ? chrisann she 's around . steve what do that mean ? chrisann she 's run around the building . steve a hour ago you say you be take she to school . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 87 . 39 continued : 39 chrisann she begge I to let she stay . there be father who would so love -- steve it be wrong , okay ? it be morally wrong , it be parentally wrong , it be wrong for you to use Lisa as a way of get money from I . she will know if she do not already that that be you primary use for she and ( she will hate you for it for the rest of you life ) . chrisann ( over ) she will see , if she do not already , that she mother be a woman who stand up to man . steve by live off of they . chrisann by not let myself be imprison and degrade by they . steve imprison ? I can not get rid of you ! chrisann I need a doctor and I need a dentist . steve I drop out of college after a semester but okay , let 's have a look . chrisann you will support you daughter and she mother . steve do you pay someone fifteen hundred dollar to bless you house ? chrisann do you hear what I say ? steve do you ? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 88. 39 continued : 39 chrisann I do not remember how much it be , Steve . steve it be fifteen hundred dollar . chrisann they do not do it for free . steve they do not , they charge fifteen - hundred dollar . chrisann how I spend -- fuck , you know , I be ( not even gonna - - ) steve ( over ) be you about to say , '' how I spend my money be none of you business ? '' chrisann I have a sinus infection and I need to see a dentist too . steve so you can see how you bless budget could have be better spend . chrisann like on a perfect cube ? steve look at I , chrisann . chrisann what ? steve look at I . you know who I be , right ? chrisann yes . steve and you know I know people . chrisann what be you talk about ? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 89 . 39 continued : 39 steve look at I . and you know the people I know , they know people . chrisann what be this ? steve if I ever hear again that you have throw a cereal bowl at Lisa 's head -- chrisann what ?! steve -- my private line be gonna ring and a voice on the other end be gonna say , '' we be all set . '' and that 's how I ‘’11 learn that you be dead . chrisann be you cra -- I throw the bowl on the floor ! I do not throw it at she head , she be not even in the room ! she be nowhere near -- I throw it on the floor ! steve she 's a little girl , you be scare she . I be a grow man , you be scare I . take out the garbage be a chore , clear the table be a chore , waking you up in the morning be just fuckin’ creepy . chrisann please teach I more about be a parent . it mean --— steve we be do here , Chris . chrisann it mean so much come from someone who will not admit he be one . steve we be all set . stop scream at Lisa . chrisann I give she responsibility -- 39 40 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 steve get it . chrisann -- and one day she 's go to thank I for it . steve probably in you sleep . chrisann fuck off . steve okay . chrisann I never throw anything at she head . I never -- I never would . ( break ) thing do not become so because you say so . steve there 'il be more money in you account by the end of business . steve open the door and walk out into -- int . corridor - continuous -- where joanna 's still wait . joanna be you be nice ? steve oh yeah . joanna Andy 's next . steve hertzfeld or cunningham ? joanna hertzfeld . he 's play with avie tevanian and the computer backstage . joel pforzheimer , the reporter we meet briefly in act , run and catch up with steve and joanna . 90 . the first 39 40 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 91 . 40 continued : 40 joel Steve ?! steve turn to see he come but keep walk with joanna -- joanna can he do it later , Joel , we go in 8 minute . joel can I just get a quick reaction to the press this morning ? steve what about it ? joel the size of it , the volume . joanna I ’1l1 tell you on background -- joel I be hope for a quote from Steve . joanna I x11 tell you on background that I have never see anything like it in the tech industry . I call the Wall Street Journal to take out a full page ad for today and you know what they sale guy say ? '' why bother ? it would be like notify macy 's that tomorrow be Christmas . '' joel you see the Stewart alsop newsletter ? joanna I do . joel I be sorry , joanna , I need to get Steve on the record . joanna the headline be '' dear next : when can I get my Machine ? '' joel when can he ? steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 92. 40 continued : 40 joanna we 'il announce the ship date in the next 8 - 10 week . joel alsop 's not talk about the ship date , he want to know when he can get one to play with . joanna we have a lot of respect for Stewart alsop and we want to get a machine into he hand so he can tell he subscriber about it . joel and when will that be ? joanna very soon . joel a couple of day , a week ? off the record . joanna off the record ? joel completely . joanna we think -- steve he will get it when it 's finish . joel stop walk . steve and joanna stop too . joel ( pause ) it 's not finish ? steve it 's almost finish . joel I have be watch you rehearse the demo for three week . steve yes . 40 4l steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 93 . 40 joel what 's leave ? steve a little thing . joel what ? joanna I think that 's enough . steve we be off the record and Joel 's always be good at understanding nuance . joel what 's leave to finish ? steve I guess in layman 's term you would have to say we do not have a os . joel ( pause ) a operate system . steve yeah . joel what do you mean ? steve well the os be what run the computer . in fact it sort of be the computer . joel how have it be run , how be it gonna run this morning ? what do you mean you do not have a os ? they walk into -- int . backstage - continuous 41 andy hertzfeld be huddle over the shoulder of avie tevanian and some engineer who be busy with last minute check . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 94 . 41 continued : 41 steve ( quietly ) avie tevanian be we chief software designer and he write a demo program . it 's like this , we build a great car , we have not build the engine , so we put a golf cart battery in there to make it go for a little bit . all this computer know how to do right now be demonstrate itself . joel ( quietly ) you be tell I the only thing you have build be a black cube ? steve ( pause ) yes. ( beat ) yeah , but be not it the coolest black cube you have ever see ? joel be this -- we be off the record -- be this a strategy or a problem because if it 's a problem -- steve interrupt this and point to andy -- steve do not share proprietary knowledge with that man . joanna ( confidentially to joel ) it 's not a problem . steve 's walk over to andy and avie , who be busy on the computer . andy I would not understand it anyway . steve I do not understand it either and my name 's on the patent . andy it 's get email . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 95 . 41 continued : 41 steve email 's not just for tech specialist anymore . well it be , but it will not be . andy and I assume a email send on a next computer can only be receive by a next computer ? steve close end to end . ( to avie ) the new trash can be wrong . I want to tell you I appreciate all the hour you put into it but I can not because of how terrible it be . avie we will go back to the other one . steve and why be we still give three option on the clock ? avie how many option do you want to give ? steve two . buy it or do not . andy ( to steve ) can I talk to you a second ? steve absofruitly . andy lead steve away to talk to he privately -- andy look , man , avie 's be recompile but he say there may be some glitches this morning . steve if all there be be some glitches it anll be a triumph of a miraculous magnitude . why be you translate for avie ? 4l steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : andy I do not want he to find out the hard way you position on glitches in a demo but it sound like you have mellow . steve I have be grow , Andy , I have be learn to love myself . andy I would not have ever dream that be a problem . steve fantastic burn . you need to go to you seat . andy and how ' bout Lisa ? get into a school for gift kid ? steve yeah , she be test and it turn out she can fly . andy want steve to treat this like it 's a big deal . andy seriously , it 's a big deal . steve I know it 's a big deal . that 's why I build the school a building . andy I be sure that 's not why she get in . steve really ? andy can I show you something funny from macworld ? steve I can not think of anything I have to do right now . andy it all make you feel good . ( call ) joanna , look at this . 96 . 4l steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 97 . 41 continued : 41 joanna come over -- andy 's take a fold - up page from a magazine out of he pocket . joanna Andy , he 's only get a few minute . andy it 's guy kawasaki write in macworld , you be gonna like this . joanna can we all enjoy it later ? andy he write a parody press release about Apple buy next for you os . he imagine a near- future where Apple need you os and have to buy next and you come back as ceo . he have Gates say there would now be more innovation from Jobs that Microsoft could copy . you can read it later . steve ( take the article ) thanks . andy she would have get in without you donate a building . ( beat ) she 's a very bright girl , Steve . steve ( beat ) still , it be something to talk about in the interview . andy alright , good luck . andy exit backstage to head out into the house ... joanna give it to I , I 'il throw it out for you . steve I be gonna hang on to it . steve fold the article and put it in he pocket . joanna stare at he , try to puzzle through what 's happen ... steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 98 . 41 continued : 41 steve ( cont 'd ) what ? ( beat ) what ? joanna you ready for sculley ? steve mm-hm . but steve 's see something up in the lighting grid . she 's sit in she coat and scarf and listen to music on she walkman . steve ( cont 'd ) Excuse me.t ( call ) Lisa ? joanna you can not shout . steve head up the metal stair and onto -- 42 int . catwalk - continuous 42 lisa see she father and smile as he walk toward she . steve you have to go . she either can not hear he or be pretend she can not . steve ( cont 'd ) it 's dangerous up here , that 's why I make other people do it . lisa point to she headphone . steve kneel down and push the headphone down around she neck . steve ( cont 'd ) who be you hide from , I or you mom ? lisa I be not hide . steve let 's go . lisa get up and follow she father to the stair -- steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 99 . 42 continued : 42 steve ( cont 'd ) what be you listen to ? lisa I be listen to two version of the same song . and then when I get to the end I rewind and listen to they again . it 's the same song but the version be different . steve hold a moment ... then see a open . steve ( pause ) what 's the song ? lisa okay , so it 's a really old song and it 's call '' both side now . '' steve '' both side now . '' lisa yeah . that go alright so steve try it again . steve ( beat ) what 's it about ? lisa ( think ) it 's about -- there be three verse . Cloud , love and life . and the person sing be sing that they use to think of , that they use to think about , you know -- steve -- cloud , love and life . lisa -- right , one way , yeah , but now they look at they another way and now they be , you know , they have ... steve ( beat ) -- they have come to the conclusion that they really do not know cloud , love or life at all ? 42 43 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 lisa that be the exact word . steve yeah joni Mitchell , ' cause it 's not a really old song unless I ’ma really old guy . you have to go to school now . they have come down the metal stair and land -- int . backstage - continuous lisa you want I to tell you the difference between the two version ? steve right now . lisa the first version be the kind of thing you have call girlish . steve I do not mean that I want to know the difference right now , I mean you have to go to school right now . lisa I can stay and watch . steve you be truant , you be commit a crime . lisa I be not gonna miss anything important . steve how do you know ? lisa I read ahead . the pilgrim make it to the New World . joanna open the door and step into the backstage the corridor -- 100 . 42 43 area from steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 101 . 43 continued : 43 joanna Steve ? lisa then the declaration of Independence . steve ( pay attention to joanna now instead ) yeah you skip over a couple of century . joanna chrisann 's out here . steve and lisa be quiet for a moment ...we hear the sound of the giant sell - out house . steve ( pause ) let 's go . lisa can I make my case for stay ? steve no . steve walk lisa out into -- 44 int . corridor - continuous 44 -- where chrisann be wait . steve she be with I . chrisann come on . you dad do not want we to stay . steve hey that 's not true , that 's not -- steve give chrisann a look that say '' what the hell ? '' -- steve ( cont 'd ) ( to lisa ) you have to be in school be all . 44 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 102 . continued : 44 lisa ( to chrisann ) I be commit a crime right now , I do not want to get in trouble . steve you be not in trouble , I be kid . lisa ( nodd ) okay . steve 's feel the pull of not really want she to go . steve ( pause ) hey what be the second version ? you say the first version be girlish , what be the second version ? lisa ( pause -- think ) I can not really think of the word . steve ( beat ) okay , well have a good day at ( school ) . lisa ( over '' school '' ) regretful . steve what ? lisa like wishing you could go back and do thing over again . steve ( pause ) you be too young to be regretful . lisa not I , the person sing the song . steve ( beat -- nod ) get it . regretful . ( more ) 44 a45 45 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 103. continued : 44 steve ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) that make sense because of -- she put she arm around she father 's waist and hug he -- lisa good luck . chrisann and lisa head off as steve stand there with joanna look on . steve turn and look at joanna and she look at a spot on the floor and shake she head . steve 's think about a lot of thing but all that come out of he mouth be -- steve Cloud . joanna ( pause ) six minute . you want to see sculley ? steve no . joanna that be not a question . steve it sound exactly like a question to I . I will see he after . Steve walk down the corridor alone . int . balcony day a45 Steve survey the crowd for a moment then walk out into -- int . balcony lobby - continuous 45 -- Steve stop when he hear the voice of John sculley sculley you know all that time I tell you you need security ? here 's why . steve 's look at sculley . sculley 's a swear enemy now but steve 's not go to show he that . he have bigger plan . 45 46 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 104 . continued : 45 steve ( pause ) I do not know how it be I have get older and you have not . some deal with the devil I be never offer . sculley so you know what I have be think for the last four year ? steve as it turn out I have never know what you be think . sculley no newborn baby have control , do you know what I be talk about ? in ' 84 , before the Mac launch , you say -- steve yeah . sculley you say that be adopt mean you do not have control . steve ( pause ) we be start in a minute so -- sculley why do people think I fire you ? steve it 's fine , John , it 's all behind we . quick CUT to : int . steve 's live room - night 46 it 's a beautiful house but it 's almost entirely unfurnish . there 's a very nice floor lamp , a frame photograph of Einstein on the wall ... and that 's about it . except for a Mac that sit in the middle of the floor . the doorbell ring --steve look at the door -- CUT back to : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 105 . 47 int . balcony lobby - same time 47 sculley be it ? steve hm ? sculley do not play stupid , you can not pull it off . steve you come here to ask I -- quick CUT to : 48 steve 's foyer - night 48 steve open the door and sculley be stand there . sculley sorry to come by unannounced . CUT back to : 49 int . balcony lobby - same time 49 steve -- why people think you fire I ? sculley yeah . steve seriously ? sculley yeah . steve I have not see or speak to you in three year . sculley why do people think I fire you ? steve ( pause ) just confirm something for I , okay ? you like the ad , right ? ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 106 . 49 continued : 49 steve ( cont 'd ) the commercial . '' 1984 . '' you like it ? quick CUT to : 50 int . steve 's live room - night 50 sculley when be you gonna get furniture ? steve it 's not a easy process . sculley it be , you buy a couch and take it from there . steve I have be think a lot about couch . what do we use they for ? sculley Steve - — steve I would be really surprised if you come here to talk about interior decorate . CUT back to : 51 int . balcony lobby - same time 51 sculley I like the ad very much . steve you do . sculley you know I do , now please answer my question . steve you be lie , son of a bitch , you try to kill it . quick CUT to : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 107 . 52 int . steve 's live room - night 52 sculley it 's time to take a hard look at the Mac . steve it 's past time . it 's overpriced , we need to drop it to nineteen ninety - five . we need to double the marketing budget , put more body on a internal hard drive and invest in fileserver . sculley where would that money come from ? steve it would come from finally get rid of the Apple ii . CUT back to : 53 int . balcony lobby - same time 53 sculley where the hell do you get the idea I try ( to kill the ad ? ) steve Lee clow . sculley Lee 's wrong . steve he 's lie ? sculley he 's mistaken . steve you agree with the board . sculley I understand the board 's concern but I certainly do not ( try to kill - - ) steve the board 's concern that we do not show the product . 53 54 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 108 . continued : 53 sculley among other thing , but my ( question be - - ) steve ( over ) what other thing ? you say among other thing . quick CUT to : int . steve 's live room - night 54 sculley the Apple ii be the only thing make money . steve that 's because we keep sell it . sculley ( pause -- this be awkward and hard ) I can not diagram that logic but -- steve we keep make it so people keep -- the Mac need to sell for $ 1995 . sculley there be no market research tell we the Mac be fail because it 's overpriced . it 's tell we that people do not like it because they think it do not do anything , it 's close end to end . we do not know it be not what people want but it be not , they want slot , they want choice , they want option . the way we buy stereo , mix and match component . steve John , listen to I . whoever say the customer be always right be , I promise you , a customer . sculley my job be to make a recommendation to the board . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 109 . 54 continued : 54 steve recommend that we drop the price , double the marketing -- sculley I can not . steve well what be you gonna do , recommend that we kill the Mac ? sculley I already have , Steve . steve ( pause ) what ? CUT back to : 55 int . balcony lobby - same time 55 sculley among other thing , it be set ina dystopian galaxy , it take place on a planet where we do not live , it be dark and the opposite of we brand . and we do not show the product . people talk about the ad but most of they do not know what we be sell . quick CUT to : 56 int . steve 's live room - night 56 steve when ? sculley just now . a hour ago . I be come from markkula 's house . steve and what do he say ? ( beat ) what do he say ? 56 57 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 110 . 56 sculley what do you want the headache for ? move money around , figure out what -- invent something new . I ’‘1l give you a team , you can sit in maui , the resort come with couch . steve ( beat ) wait a minute - - be you say you recommend terminate the Mac or you recommend take I off the Mac team ? sculley ( pause ) figure out what 's next . CUT back to : int . balcony lobby - same time 57 steve you think it be dark ? sculley ( beat ) they think it be -- it have skinhead in it but that 's ( not the point ) . steve ( over ) she be liberate they . sculley liberate the skinhead . steve the ad do not have anything to do with fuck skinhead ! we use they as fuck extras ! nobody even know they be skinhead ! sculley I be say the board -- steve you invent lifestyle advertising and '' we brand '' be my brand . 57 58 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 111 . continued : 57 sculley we show a lot of happy people drink pepsi , we do not say the world be gonna come to a end if you buy a Dr. pepper . and we show the product ! we show it be open , we show it be pour , be consume -- steve you think the secret to you success be not assume people know what they be suppose to do with a can of soda ? sculley I do not kill the ad , Steve ! I be the only reason it make it on the air ! quick CUT to : int . steve 's live room - night 58 steve if we drop the price and ( double the budget ) -- sculley Steve ! you can not drop the price and double a budget ! the only way to do that be to take money out of the Apple ii and -- steve the Apple ii should embarrass you . it embarrass I . if you have any pride at all -- sculley it do not embarrass the shareholder , Steve , ( the share ) -- steve ( over ) I do not give a shit about -- the shareholder be you problem , that 's why I hire you , so I do not ever have to hear about -- 58 59 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 112 . 58 sculley the shareholder be my problem and the board represent the shareholder . that 's how it work . steve ( figure it out ) you be do both . you be move I off the Mac and phase it out . sculley yes . CUT back to : int . balcony lobby - same time 59 steve woz and I offer to put up we own money and you be the only reason the ad be on the air ? sculley yes . steve how do you figure ? sculley we would buy three spot in the Super bowl -- two 30 's and a 60 - - for six - hundred thousand and after we screen it the board want that money back and they ask I to sell off the spot . chiat / Day sell off the two 30 's but not the 60 and I let it be know to Lee clow that if he do not try very hard to sell the last spot I would not be unhappy . and that 's how the ad get on the air . maybe remember that the next time someone tell you you be brilliant to only run the ad once . quick CUT to : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 113. 60 int . steve 's live room - night 60 steve you be really talk about kill the mac. sculley I be euthanize the Mac , it 's a mercy kill . steve I be gonna take this to the board myself . sculley do not do that . steve I be do that . sculley you can not . CUT back to : 61 int . balcony lobby - same time 61 steve you sure it be not Lee clow who drag he foot sell the 60 ? sculley at my direction , Steve , you think he would have do that on he own ?! taken it on himself ?! steve yes , I think he would have do what it take to save it from you ! sculley I be the only thing protect it ! steve you do not want the ad because you be try to kill the Mac two month before it launch ! sculley you be fuck delusional ! steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 114 . 61 continued : 61 and now it 's like two boxer unclench after a furious series of punch , move apart and take a breath ... steve can I mention something to you ? I have no earthly idea why you be here . sculley the story ...of why and how you leave Apple ... which be quickly become mythologize ... be not true . quick CUT to : 62 int . steve 's live room - night 62 steve I be go to the board . sculley do not press it with the board , Steve . I be implore you . steve why ? sculley they believe you be no longer necessary to this company . we stay with steve be silent for a long moment before we -- CUT back to : 63 int . balcony lobby - same time 63 steve I be not you publicist . sculley I get hate mail . death threat . steve and I be not you employee . sculley I get death threat . my kid get taunt . why do people think I fire you ? steve job -— 63 continued : shoot script 03/19/15 115 . 63 steve ( pause ) joanna 's gonna call my name ina second . joanna ( 0.s. ) Steve ? steve that be unrehearse . ( call out ) yeah , I will be just a second . sculley I give you you day in court . steve you give I -- sculley I give the board a clear choice . I say do you want to invest in the Apple ii or the Mac and they choose the Apple ii -- steve the same people who want to dump the Super bowl spot -- sculley ( ride over steve ) -- and then I get on a plane to China . quick CUT to : 64 int . cathay pacific airline first CLASS lounge - night 64 rain beat against the window as we see sculley sit at the bar . a concierge step up -- concierge Mr. sculley ? CUT back to : 65 int . balcony lobby - same time 65 sculley or I almost get on but I get a call in the lounge . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 116 . 65 continued : 65 steve who make that call ? sculley it do not matter . steve it matter to I . who make the call ? quick CUT to : 66 int . cathay pacific airline first CLASS lounge - night 66 sculley be on the phone at the desk , listen to the voice at the other end . male voice ( v.o. ) if you get on that plane you 's 1ll have lose you job by the time you land . he 's start a civil war . CUT back to : 67 int . balcony lobby - same time 67 sculley I leave my bag on the plane -- my shit 's still somewhere in Beijing -- I take a car back to cupertino in the middle of the fuck -- quick CUT to : 68 int . sculley 's office - night 68 rain beat against the office window as sculley speak on the phone -- sculley I know what time it be , I needa quorum here in one hour . and I want Steve here too . CUT back to : 69 70 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 117 . int . balcony lobby - same time 69 steve you take I off the Mac and it be bad business . the quorum call be a homicide . sculley right there be the part that 's bullshit , my friend , it be a suicide , because you know you card and I show you mine , I show you mine and you do it anyway . quick CUT to : int . chrisann 's kitchen - night 70 chrisann be argue with steve while six - year - old lisa have she face bury in she homework at the kitchen table . rain be beat against the window . chrisann everything 's about she all of a sudden . all the time . all she do be come home and do homework and study and ask to see you . everything 's about she . everything 's about you . and I be the may . steve I do not think you be the may and I guarantee you be the only parent in America who 's complain about she kid spend too much time study . the doorbell ring -- steve ( cont 'd ) who come over to you house this late ? chrisann exit the kitchen to get the door . steve look at lisa ... steve ( cont 'd ) ( quietly -- confidentially ) it 's almost 10 . ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 118. 70 continued : 70 steve ( cont 'd ) when you finish with that you should get ready for bed , okay ? lisa can I live with you ? what ? steve 's stunne by the question that be heartbreakingly sincere and simple and come out of nowhere ... he 's about to say something -- anything -- when chrisann come back in with andy hertzfeld . andy I try you house first . sculley 's call a emergency meeting of the board . steve 's still think about what lisa just ask -- steve ( pause ) wait , what ? andy sculley 's get the board together . steve when ? andy right now . steve he 's suppose to be on he way to China . andy shake he head '' no '' -- steve ( cont 'd ) somebody tell he . ( to chrisann ) I have to go to -- she should get ready for bed when she 's do with this . chrisann good tip . steve ( to lisa ) I be sorry . lee ?... I have to go . 70 71 72 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve and andy head out as we -- int . balcony lobby - same time sculley what have you think I be gonna do ? I be okay lose but I be not gonna forfeit . steve I be not okay lose . 119 . 70 CUT back to : 71 quick CUT to : int . apple board room - night 72 rain be beat against the window . board member be there in various different dress -- some from a evening out . steve stand to the side while sculley address the board -- sculley we be lose market share and the Mac be lose money . we only hope be the Apple ii which be stagnating because of it 's soon - to- be-obsolete dos . user be already rigging they machine to run with the cp / m operate system that 's be build to run on Intel . I can not put it more simply than this -- we need to put we resource into update the Apple ii . steve by take resource from the mac. sculley it 's fail , that 's a fact . steve it 's overpriced . sculley there be no evidence -- steve I be the evidence ! I be the world 's lead expert on the Mac , John , what 's you resume ?! 72 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : 120 . 72 sculley you be issue contradictory instruction , you be insubordinate , you make people miserable , we top engineer be flee to Sun , dell , hp -- Wall Street do not know who 's drive the bus , we have lose hundred of million in value and I be the ceo of Apple , Steve , that 's my resume ! steve but before that you sell carbonate sugar water , right ? I sit ina fuckin’ garage with wozniak and invent the future because artist lead and hack ask for a show of hand . the board be tense ... even a little bit scared ... except sculley , who just take a breath , take a beat and say -- sculley ( pause ) alright , well ... this guy 's outta control . I be perfectly willing to hand in my resignation tonight . but if you want I to stay you can not have Steve . he will have to sever any connection to Apple . settle he out . he can keep a share of stock so he get we newsletter . ( pause ) I be dead serious , I would like the secretary to call for a vote . the board member look at steve , who lean against the wall .. steve ( pause - - then evenly to the board ) I fuck dare you . CUT back to : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 121. 73 int . balcony lobby - same time 73 sculley you have do a outstanding job over the year of cultivate the press and by that I mean manipulate it ' cause none of they , and none of they editor , and none of the editor 's publisher , to this day , have any idea that you force it . that you force the board even after I tell you exactly what they would do . which be exactly what they do . unanimously . steve I do not have any trouble remember that , John , because of it be the worst night of my life and I force a vote because I believe I be right , I still believe I be right ... and I be right . I ble that night and I do not bleed . but time 's do its thing and I really have not think about it in a while . I absolutely understand why you be upset and I want people to know the truth too . sculley look at steve ... he 's lie . joanna ( 0.s. ) it 's time . steve ( call to joanna ) get it . sculley ( pause ) you be gonna end I , be not you . steve smile ... steve ( smile - - almost laugh ) you be be ridiculous . I be gonna sit center court and watch you do it yourself . then I be gonna order a nice meal with a ' 55 margaux and sign some autograph . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 122. 73 continued : 73 sculley Jesus ( Christ ) . steve ( over ) you want my help , pepsi generation ? do not send woz out to slap I around in the press . anybody else . you , markkula , Arthur rock , anyone but rainman . do not manipulate he like that . whatever you may think I be always gonna protect he . joanna ( 0.s. ) come on , Steve . steve that 's what man do . I can not start late . steve exit out into -- 74 int . corridor - continuous 74 -- where joanna 's wait . they walk down the corridor in silence for a few moment before -- steve I do not think there be any way to detect a chip on my shoulder . joanna do you know back at bandley , the Mac team give a award every year to the person who could stand up to you ? steve no . joanna I win three year in a row . steve cool . they walk through a door and be -- 75 int . backstage - continuous 75 -- where joanna push steve up against the close wall . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 123. 75 continued : 75 steve what the hell -- joanna reach into he pocket and pull out the fold macworld article . joanna this -- guy kawasaki in macworld - - he accidentally get it right , do not he ? you have be drag you foot on the next os until you can figure out what Apple 's gonna need . again we can hear the rock concert energy of the audience wait for Steve ... steve even if that be true it do not sound diabolical to I . steve nod to the stage manager -- stage manager ( into headset ) House to half . we hear the audience cheer . we also hear a synthesizer introduction to a piece of music that will crash in in just a moment -- joanna I be you close confidant , you best friend , you thing -- what do you call it -- work wife . this whole time , the last three year -- stage manager ( into headset ) House out . stand -by vo 1. joanna -- when do you change you mind and start building the Steve Jobs revenge Machine ? steve ( pause ) you remember skylab ? it be a unmanned satellite NASA send up in the early ' 70 on a eight year data gather mission . ( more ) 75 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 124. continued : 75 steve ( cont 'd ) the thing be , when they send it up they do not know yet how they be gonna get it back but they feel like they be close enough that in the eight year it be gonna be up there they would figure it out . they do not . so after eight year it lose its orbit and come crash down in a thousand - mile swath across the indian Ocean . Little to the leave , little to the right and somebody coulda get hurt . ( beat ) I really want to build a computer for college . the technology just do not catch up as fast as I need it to . and you know we be outta money . but then Apple stop innovate and I see something better . joanna , I know school be not gonna buy a $ 13,000 dictionary with good speaker , you know I know that . but Apple will ' cause avie tevanian be gonna build exactly the os they need . and they be gonna have to buy I too . for half a billion dollar in stock and end - to - end control on every product . steve give a nod to the stage manager -- stage manager go vo l. a woman with a script open on a music stand speak into a microphone -- woman ( into mic ) lady and gentleman , please welcome -- hard CUT to : black -- and the synthesizer intro become '' for unto we a child be bear , '' the beautiful choral piece from handel 's '' messiah , '' only it 's a contemporary version be sung semi-acappella by the roches . with '' for unto we a child be bear '' as the score we go through a series of scene . 76 77 78 79 80 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 ABC news - peter jenning peter jenning more than a year after it be first unveil to industry insider , the next Computer be now available in retail store . for more we go to ABC News senior Technology correspondent Martin rath . the song continue ... wall STREET week - panel analyst and meanwhile Apple be continue to lose market share with no new innovation in the pipeline except the Newton , which be a pet project of ceo John sculley . cnbc — panel panelist so much for the black cube . next just sell its factory to Canon and laid off half its employee . CBS - dan rather dan rather the former tech giant , Apple , and for more on that -- wall STREET week - panel analyst with a operate system that can not compete with window and no new innovation in the pipeline except Newton , a product no one seem excited about except John sculley -- 125 . 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 money matter - panel Apple stock 's fall from $ 70 a share when Steve Jobs be the heartbeat of the company to $ 14 today and no one think the Newton be gonna turn it around . the song continue .. analyst ABC news - martin rath gil amelio , formerly of National semiconductor be install as the new ceo of Apple today and he 's inherite a sink ship . cnbc — panel gil amelio 's gonna discover that copland 's a bust . when that happen he will have to mollify Wall Street and publicly promise to find a martin rath panelist alternative . money matter under the direction of Steve Jobs , next 's chief software designer , avie tevanian , have develop a object-oriented , UNIX - like operate system that 's catch the attention of big player in silicon Valley -- cnbc — panel be the prodigal son return ? Bet on it . martin rath panelist panelist # 2 126 . 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 127. wall STREET week - panel 86 analyst he 's come back . CBS news - dan rather 87 dan rather with a buzz reserve for rock star , Steve Jobs -- ABC news - peter jenning 88 peter jenning Steve Jobs -- cnbc - anchor 89 anchor buy Apple stock . buy it now . sell the kid , buy the stock . wall STREET week - panel 90 panelist Steve Jobs be return to Apple . CBS news - dan rather 91 dan rather take the '' interim '' off he title , Steve Jobs be now the ceo of the company he found in he garage and fan of Apple be count the day until he first new product . '' for unto we a child be bear '' continue as we -- CUT to : ext . symphony hall - morning 92 a giant crowd wait outside to be let in . the place be festoon with banner with the now - famous '' think different '' campaign . 93 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 128. int . symphony hall - same time 93 in the audience we see some familiar face among the dozen of apple staffer work the rehearsal . joanna , woz , andy hertzfeld and the reporter joel pforzheimer be there too . everyone be 10 year older than the last time we see they . steve ( 0.s. ) this thing have 100 mb ethernet as standard , and why ? because we be see this high speed network in home now . ten percent of the home in silicon Valley now have class five wiring in they . title : 1998 Davies symphony Hall steve 's on stage in front of a giant screen show change slide that reflect whatever he 's mention at the moment . he 's dress in dark jeans , a white shirt buttone up to the neck and a black sport jacket . on a small table , which be in the dark at the moment , sit a computer under a dark silk sheet . steve 's loose and have a good time with the hundred or so employee in the audience who be revve up for the big morning . steve ( cont 'd ) a fast modem and also a 4mb irda build in . you wanna beam you digital photograph from you digital camera ? it 's build in to every product . ( to he employee ) check it out -- no note , no note card -- ready ? ( back to it and faster now to play with the employee in the house ) we be go to the new generation of io -- 12 mb usb , two port -- we be leave the old Apple io behind . stereo surround sound build in to every product , a great keyboard and the coolest mouse you have ever see . this time we use real mouse . 93 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 129 . continued : 93 joanna ( call to the stage ) we be open the house in 10 minute , Steven , you want to stop horsing around ? steve bless my eye , that 's Steve wozniak sit out there . the apple employee give he a cheer and woz give a sheepish wave . steve ( cont 'd ) give yourselves a treat and ask woz if he happen to have the correct time . joanna I have the correct time and we be run out of it . '' a great keyboard . '' steve a great keyboard and the coolest mouse you have ever see . this be what that thing look like today . on the screen flash a picture of a bulky PC . some people in the rehearsal audience who be see the full production for the first time laugh . steve ( cont 'd ) and now I have like to show you what they be go to look like tomorrow . this be the imac . steve yank the dark silk sheet off a imac as a pool of perfect light come up on the table . cheer and applause from the apple employees . steve click the mouse and the screen show a lightning fast succession of application complete with a heart - racing percussion score -- -- after which the screen fill with the word '' hello ( again ) . '' the hundred or so people sit and stand around out in the house clap and cheer . 93 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 130 . 93 steve ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) that be cool . why do I like that better than I usually do ? joanna I do not know . steve something be different . andrea cunningham , the publicist from the Mac launch , be stand at the foot of the stage -- andrea hey stupid . steve look at she -- steve ( pause ) I think she 's talk to one of you guy . andrea do you notice a difference ? steve that 's what I be -- the exit sign be off ! andrea full blackout . steve you do it . andrea we wire all the exit light to we board , they go out for seven second with the cue and come back on again in theory . steve we think that 's legal ? andrea no , we be very certain it 's not . you want to see some quote ? joanna let 's hold off on that . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 131. 93 continued : 93 andrea he will like ‘em . joanna shake she head '' no . '' andrea ( cont 'd ) ( to steve ) I will give ‘em to you later . steve I ' 1ll take ‘em now . steve take a couple of staple piece of paper from andrea and as andrea turn around she mouth '' I be sorry '' to joanna while joanna say -- joanna pick it up from there please , we only have a couple of minute so let 's just do the 360 . stage manager it 's cue 84 , right where we be , you be bring out the camera . steve ( present again ) we be gonna bring out a wireless camera we steal from panasonic and show you what this look like . a camera operator with a camera on he shoulder come out from the wing and circle the imac , show a 360 degree picture on the big screen as steve describe and point to what we be look at . steve ( cont 'd ) the whole thing be translucent , you can see into it . ( call out ) how 's that for a compromise , woz ? you still can not get into it but you can see into it . woz ( call back ) Fair enough . 93 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 132. 93 steve we have put stereo speaker in front , infra red right up here , CD - rom drive right in the middle , dual stereo headphone jack and all the connector be inside one beautiful little door here -- ethernet , usb . the Apple employee cheer . obviously they be not see the computer for the first time but it 's a proud and exciting day . steve ( cont 'd ) even though this be a full - blooded macintosh , we be target it for the number one use that consumer tell we they want a computer for , which be -- stage manager let 's hold please . steve the answer be '' the Internet . '' ( motion she over ) joanna ? joanna come down to meet he at the edge of the stage . joanna yeah . steve ( quietly ) just stand in front of I . I want to look at this quote but I do not want Joel to know . joanna they be all great . steve ( read ) '' a piece of hardware that blend sci-fi shimmer with the kitsch whimsy of a cocktail umbrella , '' say Steven levy in Newsweek . '' it be not only the coolest look computer introduce in year , but a chest - thumping statement that silicon Valley 's original dream company be no longer somnambulant . '' steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 133. 93 continued : 93 steve take a moment for himself ... steve ( cont 'd ) ( pause - - then to joanna ) it 's a word , it mean sleepwalk . stage manager Steve , I be sorry , we have to clear the house if we be gonna start on time . steve joanna we be gonna start on time . we be start on time . steve ( hand joanna the quote ) take this . ( call out ) everybody , that 's it . they have get to mop the stage , reset and open the house . I love you guy . everyone cheer -— steve ( cont 'd ) Andy , come on back a minute ? andrea which one ? steve hertzfeld . ( to joanna ) walk with I . joanna walk up the step unit to the stage just as the step unit be be take away . steve take the paper from she as they head -- 94 int . backstage - continuous 94 steve alright . joanna hand back the quote -- steve ( cont 'd ) forbe call it '' ... a industry - alter success . '' 94 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 134. 94 joanna ( point ) look here . steve why have not we ever sleep together ? joanna we be not in love . look here . steve where ? joanna here . steve ( pause--steve 's surprised but keep even ) sculley . joanna nobody 's hear from he in five year but he do this . steve sculley talk to forbe ... joanna look what he say . steve '' he have implement the same simple strategy that make Apple so successful 15 year ago : make hit product and promote they with terrific marketing . '' ( pause -- nod ) that be nice of he . joanna it be . steve I mean it . joanna sighting of j.d. salinger be more common than John sculley . steve I be not be sarcastic , it be nice of he . 94 95 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 135 . continued : 94 steve ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) do you ever talk to he ? joanna no. steve you have not talk to he since '' 88 ? joanna I would have tell you if I do . steve ( pause ) it do not matter , I do not want people think that they can cross I and then boom 15 year later I be okay with it . ( beat ) I be kid , what 's wrong with you this morning ? joanna let 's get off the stage . steve and joanna open the heavy door that lead out into -- int . corridor - continuous 95 -- where they start head down toward Steve 's dress room . we can hear the crowd in the lobby around the corner . joanna you see how this door look like this door ? if you go through this door you be backstage , if you go through this door you be ina parking lot . steve ( look at the page of quote ) oh man , look at this . joanna do you hear what I just say ? 95 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 136 . 95 steve I be not worried I be gonna accidentally walk into a parking lot . joanna I want to talk to you . steve '' the only thing Apple 's provide now be leadership in color . '' joanna do not worry about it . steve what do Bill Gates have against I ? joanna I do not know , you be both out of you mind . listen to I -- steve he drop out of a better school than I drop out of -- they walk into -- int . steve 's dressing room - continuous 96 steve -- but he be a tool bag and I ’11l tell you why . joanna make everything alright with Lisa . steve you know --joanna --boundary . joanna you have come to my apartment at 1 am and clean it so tell I where the boundary be . steve there , let 's say it 's there . 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 137 . 96 joanna if I give you some real projection will you promise not to repeat they from the stage ? steve what do you mean real projection , what have you be give I ? joanna Conservative projection . steve Marketing 's be lie to I ? joanna we have be manage expectation so that you do not not . steve what be the real projection ? joanna we be go to sell a million unit in the first 90 day , 20,000 a month after that . steve look at she for a moment and then smile ... steve ( pause ) ho-ly -- joanna yeah . steve see ? you wait long enough and -- joanna what 's more , 32 % of the sale be go to go to people buy a computer for the first time and 12 % be go to people use some kind of window machine -- that 's what Bill Gates have against you -- and it will be the fastest sell computer in history . ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 138. 96 continued : 96 joanna ( cont 'd ) you bring the company back from life support after go through the misery of lay off 3,000 people and cut 70 % of the product line so Steven ... it 's over ... you be go to win . it would be criminal not to enjoy this moment . steve I be enjoy it . joanna make thing alright with Lisa . steve you know -- joanna come on . steve -- I do not like have less privacy than other people have . joanna do be a multi-billionaire take some of the sting off that ? steve no . joanna all Lisa ( do ) -- steve ( over ) all Lisa do be give she bless . chrisann sell the house and -- joanna and Lisa could have do what ? file a complaint with the Department of house and urban development ? how 's Lisa suppose to stop she mother from sell she own house ? steve that I buy for the two of they . joanna how 's she ( suppose to stop she - - ) 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 139 . 96 steve ( over ) voice a objection would have be a step in the right direction . joanna you do not think you be have a bizarre overreaction to a 19 - year old girl allow she mother to list she own house ? steve she could have try . joanna you be say this be really because -- how 's she suppose to stop she mother -- that particular mother -- from ( live wherever - - ) steve ( over ) she give chrisann she bless to sell the house and she do it to spite I . joanna I do not care if she put a pipe bomb in the water heater , you be gonna fix it now . steve she 's be act weird for month . she 's turn on I . and joanna shove steve -- joanna fix it . steve what the -- joanna fix it , Steve . steve take it easy . joanna fix it or I quit , how ' bout that ? I quit and you never see I again , how ' bout that ? 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 140 . 96 steve this be I , tell I what 's wrong with you this morning . joanna what 's be wrong with I for 19 year ?! I have be a witness and I tell you I have be complicit . I love you , Steven , you know how much . I love that you do not care how much money a person make , you care what they make . but what you make be not suppose to be the best part of you . when you be a father , that 's what 's suppose to be the best part of you and it 's cause I two decade of agony , Steve , that it be , for you , the worst . it isa little thing , a very small thing , it 's not a big deal , fix it , fix it now or you can contact I at my new job work anywhere I want . steve ( pause ) I do not happen to think it be a little deal . she know -- joanna no. steve I buy the house for -- joanna no. steve what do you mean '' no . '' joanna I mean '' no , '' the house have nothing to do with why you be angry at Lisa . steve I assure you , the house have everything to do with ( why I be - - ) joanna ( over ) have you ever hear the phrase '' reality distortion field '' ? 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 141. 96 steve come home from school , put she bag down , go straight to she friend 's . joanna have you ? steve yes . joanna as it apply to you ? as in '' Steve 's reality distortion field '' ? steve you be get a little prosecutorial and you be crossing some line . joanna I will cross whatever I please . you have hear it ? steve I have hear it , I have read it , it 's be sung to I by Joan baez . what you call a reality distortion field -- and I be pretty sure you be the one who coin the phrase - - be the reason we be here . joanna I know that . steve if I trade in my bank account for a dollar on every time someone tell I something be impossible I would come out ahead . joanna I know that too . steve what 's the problem ? joanna my problem ? it sure be not the house . steve jo - — 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 142. 96 joanna it 's that you tell she you be not go to pay for Harvard . that child -- that earnest , unironic kid -- steve she tell you I be not pay she tuition ? joanna I should have hit you with something heavy a long time ago . steve Lisa tell you I be not pay she tuition ? joanna Andy tell I that . steve which one ? joanna hertzfeld . steve ( pause ) how would hertzfeld know ? joanna he write Harvard a check for twenty - five thousand to cover the semester . be not that why -- steve be you fuck -- ( pause ) he pay she tuition ? joanna be not that why you just ask to see he ? steve no I ask to see he about -- this be un -- joanna do you tell she you be not pay for college ? 96 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve yes , because -- joanna how could you ( do that ? ) steve ( over ) -- because she mother , who be also she landlord -- hertzfeld -- I be ranting ! I be , you know , I be just talk ! you think I would -- I be piss off because Lisa be try to piss I off , joanna ! that be she intent ! I do not know how I end up the bad -- joanna you obviously scared the ( hell out of she ) . steve hertzfeld write a check to har - - to pay for - - be she here yet ? joanna I be sure she be . steve 's get himself together . steve can you have someone bring she back ? joanna yes . thank you . ( beat ) you know , my grandmother use to -- steve I do not give a shit , yentl ! joanna I ' will have someone get Lisa . steve thank you . and if you see hertzfeld -- there 's a knock at the door -- 143 . 96 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 144. 96 steve ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) speak of the devil 's chief engineer . andy ( 0.s. ) it 's Andy . steve ( to joanna ) go. ( call ) come on in . andy come in as joanna 's leave -- andy ( to joanna ) you look great today . joanna thank you . andy ( to steve ) do not she ? steve she look fantastic , always do . ( to joanna ) get out . joanna exit and close the door behind she . andy I think I know why I be here . steve do ya ? andy Steve -- steve do you send the check yet ? andy yes . steve so Harvard get a tuition check from Andy hertzfeld to pay for Lisa ? 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 145 . 96 andy I do not think they look that carefully , I do not think they would notice the check do not come from you . steve Close one . this be almost embarrassing for I . andy I understand how -- steve I ' 1l wire you the money today . andy I understand how you feel and I do apologize , I do , but let I tell you my think . steve I can not even think of a appropriate analogy to describe ( what you do ) . andy I know you guy would fix thing , you always do , but in the meantime if the money be not there she would miss a semester of school . steve yeah . andy and she would have to tell she friend why . and she need thing , she need sock . steve ( beat ) what ? andy it 's cold in Cambridge , she need warm sock . steve you give she sock . andy well I give she money for sock . 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 146 . 96 steve you do not get to deputize yourself as she interim -- ( beat ) -- you do not get to override my decision . do you understand ? you do not get to act like you be she father . andy somebody have to . steve the fuck do you just say to I ?! andy I have know she since she be six . I also consider -- chrisann 's a friend outside of what you and I -- outside of we ( relationship ) . steve so you be like a family advisor . andy I be a family friend . steve then you probably know Lisa 's be see a therapist . andy yeah . steve for many year . andy yeah . steve without my knowledge . andy that really be not my business . steve I be fascinate by what you think be and be not you business . 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 147 . 96 andy Lisa 's be go to a therapist and she like it and would love for you and chrisann to go with she . steve and the reason you know that be that you be the one who recommend the therapist . andy I know a guy , he specialize in -- steve no , I mean , you be the one who recommend that she see a therapist . andy I - - you know what , it be a while ago and I do not remember how the whole -- who say what to -- steve you tell chrisann that Lisa should see a therapist . andy Steve , you be stigmatize -- it 's not -- my thing be how can it hurt ? steve let 's find out . andy chrisann be my friend . steve what be the reason you give ? andy ( pause ) you mean -- steve what be the reason you give chrisann why Lisa should see a therapist ? 96 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 148. 96 andy I do not remember . we be talk and I say -- it be pretty much what I just say , that it certainly could not hurt . steve you do not say Lisa need a strong male role model ? andy ( pause ) I do . ( pause ) I think it 's a miracle she 's not robbing bank with the symbionese Liberation Army . there be no reason in the world why she should be nice . but she be . so I help . because somebody have to . steve ( pause ) I will wire the money to you this afternoon . andy get up and head to the door ... andy you threaten I a long time ago . steve I be sorry ? andy a long time ago . you threaten I once . steve people be attract to people with talent and people without it find that threaten . maybe you should see a therapist . it certainly could not hurt . andy ( pause ) I mean you literally threaten I . at flint , right before the Mac launch . ( more ) 96 steve job -— continued : andy exit shoot script 03/19/15 149 . 96 andy ( cont 'd ) I be recompile , I be try to debug the voice demo and you say if I could not find a solution you have call I out in front of the audience . steve do it say '' hello '' ? andy it do . steve no need to thank I . andy ( beat ) why do you want people to dislike you ? steve I do not want people to dislike I . I be indifferent to whether they dislike I . andy well ... since it do not matter ? I always have . steve ( pause ) really ? I have always like you a lot . that 's too bad . andy knock ‘em dead . steve thank you . steve stand there a moment ... then launch into a practice run of a section of the presentation so he can wipe away what just happen . steve ( cont 'd ) what be remarkable , what 's hard to fathom but true be that for a give clock rate a power PC chip be twice as fast as a pentium ii chip . ( more ) 96 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 150. continued : 96 steve ( cont 'd ) in other word a 266 megahertz g3 be twice as fast as a 266 megahertz pentium ii or a 266 g3 be equal to about 500 megahertz . take a look at byte Magazine 's byte Marks , the gold standard for -- there 's a knock at the door -- steve ( cont 'd ) come in . joanna enter . joanna I send someone into the lobby . they find she and -- steve where be she ? joanna she say she have rather not come back . steve why ? joanna that be it . steve ( head for the door ) I be go out there myself . joanna you can not . you can not , you can not . it will be a scene out of hard Day 's night . steve ( pause ) will you -- joel pforzheimer knock on the open door -- joel Excuse I . steve hey Joel . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 96 continued : joel Andy say it be okay to come back . steve which one ? joel Andy cunningham . steve ( to joanna ) I need one of they to change they name , I can not do this forever . joanna you call Andy cunningham andrea . steve it do not matter what I call they . I know who I be talk about when I be talk . I need everyone else to call they different name . ( to joel ) gimme one second . steve take joanna out into -- 97 int . corridor - continuous -- and out of hearing distance where he speak quietly . steve ( whisper ) go get she for I please . I just talk to Andy ... hertzfeld ... and I be just try to scrub this out of my brain with drano but I do want to talk to Lisa . joanna ( whisper ) yeah , just stay cool . 151 . 96 97 joanna head down the corridor and steve watch she go . without turn around , joanna point to the two door as she pass they -- joanna ( cont 'd ) ( point ) stage . parking lot . 97 98 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 152. continued : 97 steve thank you . he go back into -- int . steve 's dressing room - continuous 98 joel how be you feel ? steve I be feel good , Joel , how about you ? joel I do not think I could be in you business . it change too quickly . steve well I have hang on ' cause yours be about to start change pretty quickly too . joel this be the third time in 14 year I be write about you . steve ( pause ) what do you think so far ? andrea cunningham stick she head in the door -- andrea Excuse I . avie 's ask for you , he have a new shark slide . steve okay . ( to joel ) you want to come backstage for a second ? joel sure . they head out into -- 99 100 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 153. int . corridor - continuous 99 the hall be line with blow up photograph of ghandi , John Lennon , Louis armstrong , etc .-- all from the '' think different '' campaign . joel ( point to a photo ) who 's this one ? steve Alan turing . he single handedly win World War ii and for a encore invent the computer but he will not be part of the campaign . joel why not ? steve ' Cause you just have to ask I who he be . steve open the door and they walk into -- int . backstage area — continuous 100 -- where avie and he engineer be do last minute run and adjustment on the imac that will be run the demo in a few minute . and we can hear the crowd out in the house ... steve ( to avie ) can I see a new shark ? avie hit a key and the screen fill with a picture of a powerbook g3 laptop and a great white shark with its tooth bare . steve ( cont 'd ) I like it better than the old shark . avie shark . steve shark . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 154. 100 continued : 100 joel how many shark do you go through ? steve a couple . avie this be the 39th . steve ( point to joel ) we be on the record . avie 39 shark . steve okay . avie you know what 's special about this shark ? joel what ? avie no , I be really ask ' cause it look exactly like the other 38 shark to I . steve let I see it with the cue . from the profile . stage manager this be cue 92b . steve ( recite ) this be a side profile here . and this be what it look like from the back . and one more thing : it eat pentium notebook as a light snack . ( good ) this be the shark , I really like it . nobody get it right the first time but I should have be show this shark 15 , 20 fish ago . avie you probably be . 100 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 155 . 100 steve lock it in . stage manager ten minute . joel he kill himself by take a bite of a poison Apple . Alan turing . steve yeah . there should be statue of that man . his name should be on the lip of schoolchild . joel the rainbow flag Apple with a bite take out , that 's where it come from ? steve no , we pick it off a list of friendly sounding word . but would not it be great if that have be the story behind it ? ( beat ) anyway , I can not use he in the campaign . woz , sit out in the house , call up to the stage -- woz ( call ) Steve . steve look out ... woz ( cont 'd ) I kind of like the last shark . avie ( without look up ) fuck you . woz I want to ask you a favor . steve my friend , a long time ago you ask I a favor before a product launch and I say no . you want I to acknowledge the Apple ii and I -- 100 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 156 . 100 woz hang on . if you be about to say you be wrong I want to prepare this reporter . steve I be one hundred percent right and you be spectacularly wrong but I still owe you a favor so name it . woz Steve ? steve but it can not be about acknowledge the Apple ii team . woz acknowledge the Apple ii team . steve ( pause ) how about in private ? woz no. steve be this a prank ( ' cause ) -- woz ( over ) no. steve -- I be try to remember that a 300 megahertz g3 chip be equal to a ( 600 megahertz pentium ii and ) -- woz ( over ) just the top guy . steve search he mind a moment for the path of least resistance when he see joanna come backstage -- steve Excuse I . okay ? woz yeah . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 157 . 100 continued : 100 steve one second . steve go over to joanna -- joanna ( quietly ) she say she have rather not . steve what do you mean ? joanna she 's sit with she friend and she say she have rather not come back . steve okay , tell she -- take she aside , I do not want to embarrass she in front of she friend , but tell she I just scared the shit out of Andy and this time nobody 's pay she fuckin 's -- joanna give he a look -- steve ( cont 'd ) alright , do not say that . but do you thing where you sound old and wise because of the broad , tragic european canvas of you life . joanna you know I be not bear in a 19th century shtetl , right ? steve please tell she it 's important . steve go back to woz as joanna head out the door . joel everything alright ? steve yeah . steve continue to woz -- steve ( cont 'd ) there be people around ( here , man , include - - ) 100 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : woz ( over ) I know . steve a member of ( the press ) woz ( over ) I see he . steve woz -- woz just the top guy . the one who be get laid off . steve listen . okay ? last year Apple lose one billion dollar . I do not even know how that 's possible . you be less than 90 day from be insolvent . I have three different accountant try to explain it to I . the whole place have to be streamline . woz start with two of the accountant . steve I start -- andrea Joel , come with I , we be gonna -- steve leave he right there . ( back to woz ) I start with the Apple ii team , because we do not , you know , make that anymore . woz just acknowledge the top guy . steve have a mimosa and ( relax ) . woz you will not blow I off right now ! the top ( guy - - ) 158 . 100 100 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 159 . 100 steve ( over ) there be no top guy ! on the Apple ii team there be no top guy . they be B player and B player discourage the a player and I want the a player at Apple and not dell . woz they be not B player and I ’ma better judge of ( that than you be ) . steve ( over ) less than 90 day to insolvency . in part because somebody think the Newton be not a box of garbage . andrea Joel -- steve leave he ! woz I be talk about -- steve you guy design and ship a little box of garbage while I be go . woz -- I be talk about the Apple ii which be not just a crucial part of this company 's history , it 's a crucial part of the history of personal computing -- steve for a time . woz -- and the least you can do if you be gonna downsize this people -- steve they be gonna live in the biggest house of anyone on the unemployment line . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 160 . 100 continued : 100 woz -- be to acknowledge they , just acknowledge they and the -- steve there be no god. woz -- and the Apple ii during this launch . steve ( resolute ) this be a new animal . woz this whole place be build by the Apple ii . you be build by the Apple ii . steve as a matter of fact I be destroy by the Apple ii and its open system so that hacker and hobbyist could build ham radio or something and then it nearly destroy Apple when you spend all you money on it and develop a grand total of no new product . woz the ( Newton ) . steve ( over ) the little box of garbage ? you guy come up with the Newton and you , like , want people to know that ? this be a product launch , it 's not a luncheon , and the last thing I want to do be connect the imac -- woz -- to the only successful product this company 's ever make ? I be sorry to be blunt it happen to be the truth . the Lisa be a failure . the macintosh be a failure . I do not like talk like this but I be tired of be ringo when I know I be John . 100 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 161. 100 steve everybody love ringo ! woz and I be tired of be patronize by you . steve you think John become John by win a raffle , woz ? you think he trick somebody or hit George Harrison over the head ? he be John because he be John . woz he be John because he write '' ticket to ride '' and I write the Apple ii . andrea ( call out ) everybody , I want to clear the -- steve nobody move ! you make a beautiful board which , by the way , you be willing to give out for free so do not tell I how you build Apple . if it be not for I you would be the easiest '' a '' at homestead High School . woz this people live and die by you praise and here 's you chance . acknowledge that something good happen that you be not in the room for . steve ( pause ) no. woz Steve , do it . it 's right . it 's just ... it 's right . steve sorry but no . woz ( pause ) then let I put it another way . ( more ) 100 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 162. 100 woz ( cont 'd ) I do not believe there 's a man who 's do more to advance the democratization that come with personal computing than I have but you have never have any respect for I , now why be that ? steve I would at least consider the possibility that it 's because you have never have any for I . joanna 's come out in the house and see what 's happen -- joanna what the hell be go on ? woz nothing . thanks for you time . joanna ( to steve ) it 's do . she 's come back . steve nod ... then turn back to woz -- steve ( to woz ) you come a half - inch from put this company out of business , now who do I see about that ? I be let you keep you job . you get a pass . woz when people use to ask I what the difference be between I and Steve Jobs I would say Steve be the big picture guy and I like a solid workbench . when people ask I what the difference be now I just say Steve 's a asshole . the thing you make be better than you be , brother . steve that 's the idea , brother . and know that ?... that ' 's the difference . woz ( the end of this friendship ) ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 163. 100 continued : 100 woz ( cont 'd ) it 's not binary . you can be decent and gift at the same time . steve start to walk away from woz but then turn around -- steve woz. ( beat ) I once ask Paul McCartney what make the Beatles sound like the Beatles and you know what he say ? the drum . woz do you believe that ? steve ( pause ) no , it be John . woz have wait year to say this and for all that year he hope he would not have to . woz maybe one day you 'il make something and know for sure . ' Cause the little box of garbage ? be one little box of garbage more than you have ever make in you life . steve hold a moment , nod and head over to joanna , who 's clocked this whole last exchange . joanna he do not mean it . steve yeah he do . joanna he 's a temperamental guy . steve no he 's not . ( pause ) it 's like 5 minute before every launch everyone go to a bar , get drunk and tell I what they really think . joanna ( pause ) she 's come to you dress room . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 164. 100 continued : 100 they head out into -- 101 int . corridor - continuous 101 joanna I tell you to make up with Lisa , I do not say you have to settle every blood feud you have . who life that long ? steve the last time blood feud be not settle I lose the cover of time . though for the life of I I still do not know what the hell Dan kottke be mad at I about . joanna kottke do not lose you the cover of time . steve of course he do . joanna would you like I to demonstrate you capacity to be wrong when you be certain you be right ? steve Dan kottke tell Michael Moritz that I be deny -- they walk into -- 102 int . steve 's dressing room - continuous 102 joanna do you remember the cover ? steve of time ? joanna yes . steve yes . joanna what be it ? 102 steve job -— continued : steve take steve 's a shoot script 03/19/15 165 . 102 steve what be you talk about ? joanna what be on the cover ? steve a computer . joanna no , it be a sculpture of a computer . it be a sculpture . time would have have to have commission it month in advance . ( beat ) you be never in the conversation for man of the Year . nobody lose you anything . so what else be you sure about ? steve ( pause ) I do not know how I could have miss that . joanna reality distortion . 's this in ... it 's really rock he world ... steve ( pause ) no seriously . joanna seriously . little shake up ... steve ( pause ) I do not know how I could have miss that . joanna look at steve silently . she 's not go to help he this time . then -- joanna do not try to win a argument with Lisa . just say you be wrong . a kid should hear they dad say , '' I be wrong '' once in a while . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 166 . 102 continued : 102 there 's a knock on the door ... steve ( pause - - then call ) come on in , honey . the door open a little and sculley stick he head in -- sculley it 's not honey . there 's a moment of shock as steve and sculley take in the sight of each other . sculley 's always be a handsome man - - a healthy , well - scrubbed , Connecticut guy -- but he be send to Florida much too young . and he 's be live a secluded life as the guy who trade Babe Ruth . steve can see that . joanna ( pause ) John , get in , get out of the hall . sculley I be take in a side entrance . i’1ll go out the same way , no one 'il see I . ( beat ) how be you , joanna ? joanna I be good , John . I be just surprised to see you . sculley I know . you look well . joanna I look better 20 hour ago . sculley we all do . joanna everyone here really appreciate the quote you give forbe , you do not have to do that . sculley my pleasure . joanna if you want I can slip you in the back once the house light go out . 102 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : sculley I be just here to say good luck . joanna okay . ( to steve ) you have just get a couple of minute . steve would you try to find -- joanna yeah . joanna give sculley a kiss on the cheek , then wipe off any lipstick mark . she love that he come . joanna ( cont 'd ) you be a good man , John . she exit . sculley so I bring you a present . sculley hand steve a box ... steve smile ... steve a Newton . sculley do not take it out of the box . you will be able to sell it . which be more than I can say . ( pause ) everything alright there ? steve ( beat ) what ? yeah . no , it 's just something joanna point out to I . I miss something so obvious about -- it do not matter . sculley ( pause ) look , Wall Street 's gonna sit back and wait to see how you do as ceo , do not let any fluctuation bother you for the first 12 month . Day trader be gonna respond to every -- I do not need to school you . 102 103 104 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 168. 102 steve ( meaning the Newton ) be this you way of tell I I should not have kill the Newton ? sculley well you should not have kill it for spite . that 's bad business , do not do that . quick CUT to : int . espresso roma cafe - night ( 1983 ) 103 a unimpressive - look Mediterranean restaurant in Berkeley . steve and sculley sit at a booth . steve alright 1957 , and IBM pass up the chance to buy a young company that 's just develop a technology call xerography . sculley yes . CUT back to : int . steve’s dressing room - day 104 steve ( pause ) I be give back . sculley I be sorry ? steve I do not know why you have always be interested in my adoption history but you say it 's not like someone look at I and give I back but that be what happen . sculley ( pause ) yeah ? quick CUT to : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 169 . 105 int . espresso roma cafe - night 105 steve then 10 year later , dec invent the mini-computer and IBM dismiss it as too small to do serious computing . sculley they be not close enough to the future to see it by then ? steve dec become a billion dollar corporation and IBM decide they should maybe get into the computer business . the owner of the restaurant , a bald syrian - american name jandali come over to the table . jandali Mr. Steve Jobs . steve jandali , say hello to John sculley . jandali own this place and John 's the ceo of pepsi but I be try to get he to move to cupertino and put a dent in the universe . CUT back to : 106 int . steve's dressing room - same time 106 sculley you never tell I that . steve a lawyer couple adopt I first and then give I back after a month . they change they mind . quick CUT to : 107 int . espresso roma cafe - night 107 jandali ( to sculley ) do you eat vegan as well ? 107 108 109 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 170 . 107 sculley no , I ‘’1l eat anything . steve why do not you start we off with a Mediterranean lettuce salad with purslane , mint , cucumber -- jandali and the sumac-lemon vinaigrette ? steve thanks . jandali head away as steve continue -- steve ( cont 'd ) ten year later , 1977 , and another young company call Apple invent the first personal computer -- sculley -- and IBM dismiss it as unimportant to they business . CUT back to : int . steve's dressing room - same time 108 steve then my parent adopt I . my biological mother have stipulate that whoever take I have to be college educate , wealthy and Catholic . Paul and Clara Jobs be none of that thing so my biological mother would not sign the adoption papers . quick CUT to : int . espresso roma cafe - night 109 sculley in ' 81 the Apple ii become the world 's most popular computer and now IBM get into the game with the PC . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 171. 109 continued : 109 steve Apple and IBM each invest upwards of 50 million in R&D and another 50 million in advertising . sculley it 's a shake down . they want to get rid of the weaker company . steve the weaker company be go bankrupt . IBM want it all . CUT back to : 110 int . steve's dressing room - same time 110 sculley what happen ? steve there be a legal battle that go on for a while and my mother say she refuse to love I for the first year , you know in case they have to give I back . sculley you can not refuse to love someone , Steve . steve yeah it turn out you can . quick CUT to : 111 int . espresso roma cafe - night 111 sculley and now IBM 's get its gun train on you . steve Apple be the only thing stand between Blue and industry domination . sculley you say you be go to tell I what you have in the testing stage . 111 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 172 . 111 steve the most efficient animal on the planet be a condor . the most inefficient animal on the planet be human . but a human with a bicycle become the most efficient animal . and the right computer - - a friendly , easy computer that be not a eyesore but rather sit on you desk with the beauty of a tensor lamp -- the right computer will be a bicycle for the mind . a beautiful object -- perfect geometry , perfect finish , something you want to look at and have in you home . flawless . and then a personal computer become a interpersonal computer . and what if instead of it be in the right hand , it be in everyone 's hand ? everyone in the world . sculley ( pause ) we would be talk about the most tectonic shift in the status quo since -- steve ever . sculley ( pause ) and you be tell I you have the right computer ? steve it 's call the macintosh . you and I can see to it that IBM do not control the information age . we can see to it that Orwell be wrong . jandali come over and set down some food . sculley there 's the spot . '' 1984 do not have to be like ' 1984 . ' '' steve come be we ceo . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 173 . 111 continued : 111 sculley ( pause ) yeah okay . steve and sculley look at each other ... the beginning of a great adventure . CUT back to : 112 int . steve's dressing room - same time 112 steve ( pause ) what the hell can a one month old do that 's so bad he parent give he back ? sculley nothing . there 's nothing a one month old can do . ( beat ) have you ever think about try to find you biological father ? steve I have meet my biological father . for that matter , so have you . quick CUT to : 113 int . espresso roma cafe - night 113 and we see a earlier moment all over again -- jandali Mr. Steve Jobs . steve jandali , say hello to John sculley . CUT back to : 114 int . steve 's dressing room - same time 114 sculley 's go white ... sculley ( long pause ) you be kid I . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 174. 114 continued : 114 steve I know . the odd be beyond astronomical . quick CUT to : 115 int . espresso roma cafe - night 115 jandali do you eat vegan as well ? CUT back to : 116 int . steve 's dressing room - same time 116 steve my sister find he . sculley do he know ? steve no . in fact he bragge to mona that Steve Jobs come in the restaurant all the time . sculley ( pause ) you do not want to -- steve no. sculley do you go to he rest -- steve no. terrible food . quick CUT to : 117 int . espresso roma cafe - night 117 steve and a group of guest be have a boisterous conversation with steve joyfully eat something off someone else 's plate -- loving the food . CUT back to : steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 175 . 118 int . steve 's dressing room - same time 118 sculley do not you think you should talk to he ? steve he have probably find a reason to sue I . sculley see steve clearly ... maybe for the first time . sculley ah ... Steve . steve ( beat ) John , if you be here about you legacy you need to form a line behind wozniak . sculley woz be gonna be fine . I be the guy who fire Steve jobs. ( beat ) Rich , college - educate and Catholic . there 's a knock at the door -- joanna ( 0.s. ) Steve ? it 's time . steve I have gotta go . steve stop at the door -- steve ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) do I do this ? screw it up ? sculley take a moment and then say something he 's not sure he mean -- sculley let 's let it go now . it have to be time . steve ( pause ) it be the stylus , John . 118 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 176. continued : 118 sculley what ? steve I kill the Newton because of the stylus . if you be hold a stylus you can not use the other five that be attach to you wrist . ( pause ) the thing we could have do together . sculley ( pause ) God , the thing we could have do . steve open the door and walk out into -- int . corridor - continuous 119 the hallway 's a little crowded now with Apple employee lining the wall include joanna . they 'il serve as a escort backstage but right now , come down the hall toward steve -- -- be lisa . at 19 she 's a beautiful young woman with a strike resemblance to she father . she 's wear a coat and have the same headphone around she neck that we see she in when she be nine . she 's nothing like a stereotypical teenager -- she 's without affect and only use irony in very small dose . we be aware that she 's ill at ease and self - protective and uncomfortable . she walk down the hallway which be line with '' think different '' poster that have a picture of the imac . steve watch she walk toward he -- he 's too wear out now to have a real confrontation with she but he will be slowly force into it . he take he arm to move she to the side of the corridor and he do he best to speak privately while almost surround by people . steve ( speak quietly in Lisa 's ear ) I be pay you tuition . be you crazy ? of course I be pay you tuition . lisa ( quietly in he ear ) I must have misunderstand when you say you be not pay my tuition . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 177 . 119 continued : 119 steve you and you mom sell the house be a hostile thing to do and you ( know it ) . lisa ( over ) she need the money . steve she always need the money . lisa she need a doctor , she have a sinus infection . steve she 's have the same sinus infection since 1988 . lisa I be gonna take care of my mother , I be sorry if that anger you . steve it do anger I ' cause you be a kid and it 's not you job to take care of you mother . lisa be that how yours die ? this just go to the next level and joanna 's just see that ... joanna guy step away please and give they some room . everyone create a little more space but total privacy be really impossible right now . steve ( pause ) when you mom be 90 and can not feed herself you can take care of she . but right now she 's 45 , perfectly healthy and can not feed herself . you be suppose to work hard in school and be 19 and that 's it . I will take care of you mother . 119 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 178 . 119 lisa keep up the good work . steve what the hell do you want from I ? lisa I be send for . steve look , I buy she a house for seven-hund thousand dollar , it 's worth twice that much today and she sell it for two magic rock and a bowl of soup ! lisa it be she house . steve she use that money to travel through Europe -- lisa it be she money which you make she beg for . joanna ( it 's time ) Steve ? steve oh do not talk to I about -- go to Andy and ask he for the money . that be so off - the-chart over ( the line , I can not even ) -- lisa ( over - - calmly ) I do not do that . Andy come to I . steve look around at the dozen or so people that be too nearby for comfort -- steve everybody have a opinion on this ? joanna I be sorry guy -- ( to steve ) -- in 30 second you be go to be late . 119 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 179 . 119 steve I be callous ' cause I be not send a Gulf stream to the pasteur Institute to fetch the finest sinus specialist in all the land ?! lisa do I call you callous ? steve she spend the money on antique . and then sell they for a fraction of what she pay . and she do it with money I give to she for you -- joanna Steve ? steve you come to I hysterical when you be ( 13 , ask if you could live with I ) -- lisa ( over - - calmly ) I be not hysterical . steve -- because you mom be irrationally - lisa thirteen be the second time I ask you . steve --scream at you every day or not speak to you for week at a time -- the stress of she life as a spiritual healer -- lisa I do not believe I say you be a bad guy but if I do I be sorry . steve something happen to you at school . some first semester core class that all freshman be require to take , some - — lisa I read time . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 180. 119 continued : 119 steve what ? this have stop steve in he track ... lisa I have internet access at school , I read a old copy of time and I ask my mom some question about my family history . steve be freeze for a moment ... steve ( pause ) that be ... time write a mangle piece of journal -- you be never suppose to read that -- lisa I have two different Harvard statistician try to reverse engineer the equation you come up with to prove that 28 % of american man could be my father . steve honey -- lisa can not help but raise she voice a little . she 's not someone who like dramatics but she 's upset now . there 's no way the other be go to be able to avoid hearing this . lisa my mother may be a troubled woman but what 's you excuse ? ( beat ) that 's why I be not impressed with you story , dad . it 's that you know and you do not do anything about it and that make you a unconscionable coward . and not for nothin 's but '' think '' be a verb make '' different '' a adverb . you be ask people to '' think differently '' . and you can talk about the bauhaus movement and braun and simplicity be sophistication and issey miyake uniform and Bob Dylan lyric all you want , but that thing -- ( point at one of the poster of the imac ) ( more ) steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 181. 119 continued : 119 lisa ( cont 'd ) -- look like Judy jetson 's easy bake oven ! lisa walk away and out the side door that go to the parking lot . there 's a freeze silence for a moment before -- steve ( pause ) there be no way in the world that 's not my kid . steve look at joanna who look kindly back . after a moment , andrea interrupt with -- andrea ( beat ) alright , here we go . everyone begin to head to the door lead to the stage . we see steve 's hand grab the door handle and turn it as we -- CUT to : 120 ext . parking lot - same time 120 steve 's walk out the parking lot door to go after Lisa . we can see joanna and andrea cunningham and the other . we be on the side of the auditorium and while the lot be fill there be no people except lisa who 's make she way to she car . steve watch she go and then make a decision -- steve ( shouting ) hey ! lisa turn around . lisa ( call back ) you be gonna start late ! steve you know what Lisa stand for ? lisa what ? 120 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 182 . 120 steve the computer , the Lisa , you know what it stand for ? lisa I be sorry I say that about the imac , it 's not what I really think . steve behind my back , at the office , you know what it stand for ? lisa local integrate system Architecture . I be five , why could not you just lie ? steve I do . it stand for '' Lisa . colon. invent stupid acronym . '' ( beat ) of course it be name after you , be you daffy ! local integrate system Architecture do not even mean anything , of course it be name after you . lisa ( pause ) why do you say it be not all that year ? steve ( totally upfront and without hesitation ) I do not know . lisa why do you say you be not my father ? steve ( not back off it ) honey ... I honestly do not know . lisa that 's a child 's answer . steve ( own it ) I be poorly make . lisa stand there a moment , then check she watch -- 120 steve job -— continued : shoot script 03/19/15 183. 120 lisa you can not start late . it 's after nine . steve yeah I do not care . lisa I do not get it . steve I know I do not want to be yoke to you mom but -- lisa that 's just lame . steve I know . lisa and you can belittle my mother all you want but she always make dinner for I and she always take I to school . steve feed you and take you to school be kind of the baseline of parent , Lisa , it 's actually a legal obligation . do not devalue yourself like that , do not do that . ( beat -- finally ) but you be right , she do . and I do not . ( pause ) I '' use '' different '' as a noun , smartass . like '' think Victory . '' or '' vote freedom . '' lisa vote freedom ? steve I do not know . ( pause ) you be write for the crimson ? lisa what ? 120 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 continued : steve the Apple chapter of the Harvard alumni Association tell I you be write for the crimson . lisa yeah , a little bit . essays . steve I would like to read one . lisa sure . steve no , I mean now , I would like to read one of you essay now . lisa that 's -- c’mon , you have get to go on stage . steve suit yourself but the imac will not be launch until you give I one of you essay so the world be wait for you . lisa ( pause ) it 's not like I have one on I . steve somewhere in that backpack be one of you essay . dump the content on the ground and if I be wrong I will buy you a cabriolet . 184 . 120 lisa look at he , not believe this ... she unzip one of the pocket of she backpack and thing start fall out and as she try to collect they more thing start fall out until everything 's on the ground . steve watch as lisa , unhurriedly , collect she thing and put they back . it 's go to take a while . steve just watch this , smile and shake he head ... lisa ( without look up ) I just spill some ... do not laugh at I . steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 185 . 120 continued : 120 steve I be not . she find the essay and hold it out . all she want be for she dad to be proud of she . lisa it have not be publish yet , I just finish but it 's a first draft and it read like one . joanna ( call ) guy , I be really sorry . steve take the essay , crumpled and coffee-staine ... steve see the byline on the essay -- " lisa brennan -job . '' steve can not help but take in the sight of she use he name . he have stare at it forever if he be not interrupt by -- lisa dad . he look up at she ... steve yeah . lisa why do not you just read it after . you can give it you full attention . steve okay . but you should know that the Bay Area be strewn with the break spirit of people who could not handle my full attention . and this make lisa crack up . she really have a good laugh and that make she father smile . she pick up she backpack -- lisa good luck . steve okay . lisa start to walk off -- steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 186 . 120 continued : 120 steve ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) I be gonna put music in you pocket . lisa turn around -- lisa what ? steve a hundred song . a thousand song . five hundred song . somewhere between five hundred and a thousand song . right in you pocket . because I can not stand look at that inexplicable walkman anymore . you be carry around a brick play a cassette tape . we be not savage . so I be gonna put a thousand song in you pocket . and now we hear the musical intro to '' both side now , " but it 's not the version we be use to . this be the one Lisa be describe when she be nine . it 's a beautiful male / female duet with heartbreaking harmony , more mature , wiser and haunt . lisa you can do that ? steve mm-hm . all I have to do really be wipe out the record business as we know it and we will be all set . ( pause ) you want to watch from backstage ? lisa yeah . lisa join she father and the two of they walk to the side entrance of the building . steve this be the last semester you get to take dumb class . lisa I do not take dumb class . steve '' History of food '' ? 120 121 122 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 187. continued : 120 lisa ( laugh ) I do not take '' History of food . '' and you give I my walkman , I like it . steve well cherish it ' cause it 's not gonna be around much longer . they walk into -- int . corridor - continuous 121 -- where everyone 's wait . we can hear the rock concert- like stomping and clap from the audience . '' both side now '' continue - -— joanna you ready ? steve yeah . joanna walk steve and lisa -- int . backstage - continuous 122 -- where the energy of the audience be louder . the stage manager be wait as be the woman at the PA microphone . steve and lisa stand there a moment ... stage manager on you cue , Steve . lisa be you nervous ? steve shake he head '' no . '' he take a moment and then nod a little to the stage manager -- " I be ready , let 's go . '' stage manager House to half , go . the audience begin clapping in anticipation -- stage manager ( cont ’d ) House out , go . the theater go dark and the clapping get louder -- steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 188. 122 continued : 122 stage manager ( cont ’d ) go cue l. on the giant screen the '' think different '' commercial start play to thunderous cheer from the audience . we will hear it but never see it . we hear the audio as '' both side now '' continue . the famous audio only serve as background . what we be watch be everyone - - everyone but steve -- take by the ad . steve 's take by other thing he 's remember . one of they 's Lisa . voice over here 's to the crazy one . the misfit . the rebel . the troublemaker . steve 's stand in the dark next to lisa listen to this word . we move in slowly on he face as he prepare to go on . voice over ( cont ’d ) the round peg in the square hole . the one who see thing differently . and we start to intercut with various people out in the house , which be pack with 2,600 eager people -- andy hertzfeld ... woz take he seat ... voice over ( cont ’d ) they be not fond of rule . and they have no respect for the status quo . you can quote they , disagree with they , glorify or vilify they . avie tevanian ... andrea cunningham ... voice over ( cont ’d ) about the only thing you can not do be ignore they . because they change thing . they push the human race forward . joanna slip in the back ... with sculley ... voice over ( cont ’d ) and while some may see they as the crazy one , we see genius . and we be backstage on steve and lisa again as '' both side now '' continue over . be the song regretful like Lisa say , or do Steve still have a chance to fix himself ? 122 steve job - shoot script 03/19/15 189 . continued : 122 voice over ( cont ’d ) because the people who think they be crazy enough to change the world be the one who do . steve ( whisper to lisa ) you remember that painting you do here on the original Mac ? lisa think ... and then shake she head '' no . '' steve ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I do . and lisa hear this and then wipe a tear from she eye with she sleeve . the audience go crazy as the PA woman say into the microphone -- PA woman lady and gentleman , Steve Jobs . hard CUT to : black