stick it jessica bendinger o 2/11/2005 int . black void indecipherable , secret symbol be write onto the screen , morph into we alphabet ( and credit ) . this seemingly ancient petroglyphs write over the letter , etching onto the back of a cave ... ext . suburb - ecu gameboy screen - day ».. in a videogame . two fighter option spin on the split - screen : a ninjess with weapon ; and a jujitsess with nothing but skill . the player select the jujitsess . voice ( 0.s. ) Graham cracker / Graham cracker ! cracker ! wider reveal the gameboy and the player , graham cracker . hood in a too-big sweatshirt and black Chuck connor astride a bmx , hard to tell but probably 16 or 17 . a empty mcmansion dwarf he silhouette , he pocket the device like a cloak gremlin and roll down , join he two friend . ext . plano , TEXAS - mcdevelopment spoke , tire and feet be fly down pavement , racing a well - wear path with urgency . rock fly . wheel jump curb and catch air with the exuberant ease of bmx -er . the road become a construction site : equipment , dirt and material . the three boy bike the uninhabited mcmansion development towards a near-completed construction and into ... ext . empty 's swimming pool ..- a giant , empty swim pool . tire skid across the surface and mark the newly - pour concrete . Graham cracker watch at the pool ' 's edge . frank and poot taunt playfuily . frank ( be : gc ) what 's the point of a new horse if ya not gonna ride it ? poot come on - let 's dent that shit . in the distance , skateboard wheel arrive . poot be piss . @ stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 2. poot this casa be not su casa . no way . gc n's Pov : as a group of older skateboarders arrive at the pool near the giant water slide . it 's a stand off . stussy , head skater , be unmove . stussy Way way . get out . poot there be six other empty pool . stussy that be not as deep ! poot this spot 's a bust , cause it 's totally my boob . stussy off the roof , onto the slide and into the pool stay . wider reveal the proposition . it 's fuck insane . poot we do not have helmet . a cohort 's helmet be toss to stussy . stussy we get a extra . nobody move . from nowhere , Graham cracker grab the helmet . lot i/e. mcmansion /mcmansion pool - siumltaneous move with gc and stussy : racing inside the empty mchouse . follow they up the stair through the incomplete second floor , out to a terrace and up onto the roof . on the boarder and x-er clear the pool , cat - calling and positioning for a view . frank lemme use you phone . poot reluctantly hand Frank he phone . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 as boot it all be do by the time anyone get here . frank I '' not call anyone . ( open phone ) . I want to take shot . of the blood . on top of the roof , stussy and gc as they pause before they descent . stussy I first . they share a competitor stare . stussy skate off the roof . onto the water slide and into the pool for a mild hematoma wipe . scary , but pull off . from the pool , on gc look impossibly tiny on the roof . gc 's Pov : look down on they . it 's a nauseate angle even without the height . we see Frank hold up the camera phone eagerly . slowly gc roll back and forth , get he wheel in position . and . time plays trick as we fly through the air with gc.. who pull a full before landing on the water slide ... the kide freaking out and whooping encouragement . upropel the bike into a catapult off the board , add a unrequired ' back - flip before landing ... clear over the pool and straight towards ... the new home .... and into --.a brand new cathedral - height , slide - glass door that lead from house to pool . on poot ready to vomit from anxiety . Frank shoot it ... on phone camera , the image flicker on the little screen . behind sliding glass window as the bike sail towards this showpiece of the mcmansion . on some kide hustling for cover . slo -mo on Graham cracker shatter the plate glass , careen towards , then into , then through , the dry wall . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 4 . on gc hit the ground and roll like it 's second nature . on gc bike embed in the drywall . stuck . graham cracker woop . . gc try pull it out , it 's stick . scream , hoot , and hollers in b.g. as Frank and poot peek through what use to be slide glass . Frank be laugh hysterically . poor ( be : bike ) got to go -- leave it . poot run to the front door . Frank try pull the bike out of the drywall . it be not move . on poot open the front door and , now the alarm go ape shit ? prank yanking at gc 's bike again and fall on he ass , poot 's phone fly . poot daaaaaaamn !!! now , they be scared . poot scramble for he phone as Frank and gc scatter at warp speed . overhead shot of the mcmansion clear : kide on board , bike and foot scatter out in every direction like a explode teenage firecracker . ext . mcdevelopment - moment later human bopy 's hip - hop audio # 1 : audio up of heartbeat , feet and mumbling woven into a rhythm ( like the nike b-ball commercial ) . mayhem as the trio split up . the sound of panting and hustling slowly include the sound of five - 0 , yo . siren . hang with gc run , run from behind we be follow foot fly furiously . the thumping of dirt and heartbeat . tighter , pull off hood and sweatshirt . toss excess clothes in some bush and rush out into the street , revealing a cop car cruise slowly behind . cop ( 0.8 . ) ( bullhorn ) you be push it , Haley . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 5 . pan up the body , revealing Graham cracker in a brand new light . a twinkle in the eye . some joy at get catch . we be up close and unhood for the first time , and he be actually a very adorable , avril lavigne -esque , 17 - year - old she . meet haley graham . freeze frame on haley running . suddenly the screen click down like a film strip to black . haley ( v.0 . ) okay , this be not the first time I have make out with the law . we have have kind of a ongoing flirtation . film strip freeze frame of Haley run and get tackle in amall , outside a toy R US . haley ( v.0 . ) we have be on some date . Broken up and get back together . film -strip stutter frame of : - Haley slinking around a corner , hide something under she hoodie . - Haley pull a gameboy out of she hoodie : success ! haley ( v.0o . ) and I be not make any excuse for the fact that thing have not work out between we . - Haley sneaking around another corner and ... return the unopen gameboy to its spot on the shelf , and pull she own out of 'her back pocket . haley and - do not get I wrong - it 's be great know it 's there if I need it . - security guard lecture a mournfully nodd Haley . they let she go , and as soon as she turn the corner she 's roll she eye like ' what dork . 's film strip freeze frame of Haley hold up she book number , face forward , cover in dirt and wreckage . haley ( v.0 . ) but , honestly ? until now , I have not be ready for anything steady . stick it ~ 2b 02/11/2005 a C ) - and profile right . follow by profile leave . flash . int . police station , today - continuous Haley hand female officer ferguson she book number . haley that 's a long number for a girl my height . officer ferguson Seven be a charm , huh , Haley ? haley you nre not count the three time you let I go , I guess . officer ferguson you dad say hello , by the way . ( worried ) he want I to tell you he 's not come . Haley gamely cover she startle reaction . @ haley ( v.0 . ) but people change . and I feel like maybe I be really ready to commit to a more serious ... courtship . the SOUND of a gavel take we to black . int . juvenile court a reveal Haley sit before judge westreich , who be casually study the file . judge westreich Haley Graham , Haley Graham , Haley Graham . Seven incident in two month . you nre in it to win it , eh , Haley ? da , lauren power rise . ms . power look to be about fourteen thousand in property damage . that 's a estimate , you honor . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 Te a Haley 's father , brice graham - standard - variety repress , entitle , big -buckle Texan contractor - cough . haley {off he cough ) like he can not afford it . Haley 's exhaust mother , alice defrank , look like she have not sleep in year as she struggle with a two - year old and five -month old twins . alice Jesus , Haley , quit it . haley you first , mom. brice save it . haley you could nve save all of we and give a shit . everyone hear that . the judge restrain a smile . oo judge westreich or that . ( distract ) where do this happen ? ms . power the crestlake . the judge pause . judge westreich ( 2 +2 = ) the Graham development ? I do not suppose she have permission to run amok amongst the bulldozer ? ( to brice ) Mr. Graham ? brice permission be not a word Haley 's find a use for , you honor . the judge snort . he be a bit confound by the follow : @ stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 8. judge westreich Haley . be you aware that despite the fact that you father sue you mother for custody and win , he be petition to have you place outside he care ? haley when do he care ? I miss that part . ( defiant ) trust I , you honor . it 's mutual . alice we will take she , you honor . brice over my dead body . judge westreich you attorney can familiarize you with the remedy available to you , Mrs ... ( scan ) defrank . Haley 's parent get uncomfortable . Haley 's mom scoff , juggling the twin . the judge be sympathetic to Haley . judge westreich so '' you people '' here have come up with two option , and I be go to let you decide . ( scan ) Texas military Academy be one joption . or a facility call ( squinting at paper ) vga . Haley sit right up with a jolt . haley Texas military Academy , you honor . tma have be just perfect , thanks . the judge nod and write something down before pick up he gavel . judge westreich ( smile ) then vga it be . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 3 . Haley react and look at she parent who be ... -. already go . int . car - next morning a dishevel Haley drive in a car with susie mack , a case worker . they pull up to a development monstrosity that can only be describe as devoid of heart , soul , spirit and any sense of taste . they sit in the driveway . susie mack it 's a three hour drive . take as much time as you need . a monster-truck with a calvin & hobbes decal on the rear window pull into the driveway . metallica can be hear blaring dully from inside the cab . Haley 's father sit at the wheel , let the song finish . Haley ignore he as she get out and head inside . ext . / int . graham house - continuous Haley saunter up to she room upstair , we hang on the wall ... which be line with gymnastics trophies , ribbons and yearly family photo of better day ... Haley , she mom and she dad ; a unit . the photo stop when Haley be around 12 . int . haley' room a thrasher pit . bmx poster . gear. crap , more trophy and ribbon bury under skaterat paraphernalia . Haley pull a skateboard off the wall , revealing a poster-size image of a young Haley as a gymnast .. complete with devil horn , a devil tail , pitchfork , etc . the text read : Haley Graham , junior National Champion . however , she have cross out the '' h '' so it read '' crampion '' another be six girl in US color wave . it read , US national team . a moustache and soul patch have be sharpied onto she face . tricia skilken , the oldest of the athlete , smile broadly . door open . her father slowly walk in , close the door . haley I be sorry . I be sorry I break the window . I do not mean to do it . brice yes , you do . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 10 % haley no , I do not . and I be sorry you have to see Mom today . brice this have nothing to do with she and everything to do with you . . haley why do you go through a custody thing when you do not even want I ? he can not take it . he raise he hand and stop himself . haley ( hold back tear ) newsflash : hit I do not hurt Mom . it hurt I . brice I think we might make this work , but I be mistaken . haley why can not you just say it ? you think it 's my fault Mom leave you . brice since you know exactly what be go on and you do nothing to stop it -- haley dad . I do not know . I swear . her father 's start throw she stuff in she bag . brice I work my ass off so you could train two thousand mile away with the best in the world , and you repay I how ? haley and if we would be here , none of this ever would have happen , right ? brice you mother be out of control and so be you . I give up , Haley . '' stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 11 . haley you have to try before you can give up . it 's in the manual . you should read it sometime . Haley 's father smack she on the head . . Haley stumble , refuse to register any pain - and you almost believe she . susie mack ( 0.s. ) everything okay ? Haley answer quietly ; to herself , to she father . haley no . her father walk out . Haley open she jaw . that hurt . Haley sadly shove stuff in she bag and head out . int . susie mack car - street of plano , TEXAS - day they be drive as poot and Frank start chase they on they bike . they cruise alongside the move car . pooot yo , cracker ! what happen ? where you go ? Haley roll down she window . susie shake she head , but relent ... they pause at a stoplight . haley juvey . outside Houston . I '11 be yout soon . susie give a curious look . poot can we visit ? haley when you bust I out . susie give she another look . Haley 's fight something . poot and Frank be completely bum , but try not to be . poot you know how I feel about the bust . consider it do . frank well do . charre to a crisp . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 12 . Haley start welling up . the stoplight change color . haley ( cover tear ) Green mean go . poot shove he phone / text messager through the window . Haley catch it awkwardly . poot use it if they do not take it . haley but what will you -- pooot I will steal my brother 's . frank and I get some really good shot of you jump on there -- susie hit the gas as Haley throw she friend the metal salute through the window . on frank and poot in the rearview mirror , just sit there , unable to wave goodbye . on haley , remember something and roll down window . haley get my horse back ! on frank and poot 4 pooot do you catch that ? frank what ? that she 's totally obsessed with I ? poot why you always gotta bite my moment ? do it taste good ? frank delicious . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 73 ; ext . somewhere outside houston - morning the building look like it be give off toxic ray . troops of feet run by with synchronize precision to scary military fife and drum corp music . int . vga dorm - various a caretaker open the door to a grim cinderblock cell . Haley enter , drop she stuff . this place blow . int . vga drill facility tight shot of warden pace as detainee do push - ups and rope climbing to beasties '' look down the barrel of a gun . '' int . vga residential area - various on haley in communal bathroom , brush she tooth , rinsing she mouth . re-apply toothpaste to toothbrush and start over . foam at the mouth . on haley in dorm , wrapping she unbrush hair haphazardly into a bandanna and trucker cap . tube -socked foot into shower sandal . her regulation shirt and short on the bed . tight on haley' gameboy , as she stashes it into the back pocket of she chollo wader like a pistol . ext . vga = old facility ( old gym ) - moment later on haley' feet , open the door with a groan and a kick . int . vga - old facility ( old gym ) - continuous from inside , we see she figure backlit by sun and dust , in dramatic silhouette like a teenage gunslinger . she reach for some light , and ... haley anybody home ? anybody care ? bam . bam . bam . bam . overhead light flicker to life above four worthy opponent : vault , uneven bar , floorex and beam . Sun stream through older window , dust float through the air as big , old ceiling fan turn on . Haley be alone . — stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 14 . int . vga elite training facility ( new gym ) ecu : weapon check . a symphony t-shirt and short get pull off . athletic tape , dowel grip , and chalk dust explode into the air like gun powder . , close on finger , wrist , toe , ankle , feet , calve and thighs of warrior wrapping on they protection for battle . tight shot of EIGHT elite gymnast ( 12 - 19 ) on vault , bar , beam and floor , work the equipment . from above we see the whole space : white wall , blue floor , all business . a state-of- the -art , elite gymnastics training facility . reverse Pov reveal a plexiglass viewing booth where a few mother and some sullen sibling scrutinize the proceedings . downstair , the alpha male of the operation , burt vickerman , be pace and surveying he elite . around he swirl ivan ( Russian , 30' ) and dorrie ( 50' ) , the Assistant coaches . inside , the entrance door open . head turn . Haley stand in the doorway , motionless . haley ( v.0 . ) there be only one thing worse than have no control over you life . three older elite - joanne , devon and lacey - share blatant look of disgust before return to they workout . the five younger elite share whisper and look of excitement . slo -motion check out as she enter .... on the assistant coach , note she arrival with disdain . haley ( v.0 . ) it 's be force to live it with people who hate you . and I be suddenly the fill in the middle of a ' I hate you 's sandwich . Haley enter and plop down . she immediately start play she gameboy . haley ( v.0 . ) meet the bread . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 15 . sfx : suddenly , the screen of the gameboy be superimposed over the gymnast , telescoping in and introducing each gymnast as if she be a videogame character . haley ( v.0 . ) joanne charis . four-time national champion . five-time national Haley hater . freeze -frame on : a whitebread white girl make the bitchiest priss face you nve ever see . the follow stat type over she puss . name : joanne charis . age : 18 , hometown : wichita , KS ; title : a crazy amount of gymnastics title scroll onto screen include four - time national team member ; two - time world team member ; injuries : insane number of injury scroll on ; favorite event : complaining ; zodiac sign : bitch . the freeze -frame stop , and we watch joanne in action , put on she grip and stare at Haley like bullet be go to fly out of she eye . haley ( v.0 . ) you know when you stop be friend with a kid because they be a total jerk to you ? freeze -frame on : a muscular midget who look twelve and way more boy than girl . name : lacey monahan . age : 17 , hometown : undecide . title : 15th in the World ; 5th in World on bar ; 2nd in US on bar . injuries : a explosion of minor and major gymnastics related symptom take up the entire screen . favorite event : sighing . zodiac sign : lame . we unfreeze on lacey in time for she to sigh . joanne sidle up and the duo throw Haley some shade . haley ( v.0 . ) gymnastics be that kid to I . and lacey and joanne be its ' best friend . freeze -frame on : wei wei and mina , 14 and 15 respectively . name : unknown . age : unknown ; title : unknown ; injuries : unknown ; favorite event : unknown ; zodiac sign : fresh meat . haley ( v.0 . ) and a kid like gymnastics do not care if you be hurt . do not care if you be tired . do not care if you be sad . it just move on , and find someone new to be best friend with . C ) ch stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 16 . other young elite get telescoping videogame treatment . haley ( v.0 . ) gymnastics be probably the most two - face friend you could ever have . back with haley on she gameboy . over it all . assistant coach ivan and dorrie eyeing Haley suspiciously . haley ( v.0 . } and the hungriest . it eat kid for breakfast , lunch and dinner . tight on : purple track suite legs of burt vickerman stride through the gym with authority , gymnast sit up straight and look serious as he figure pass they by . angle on : various parent in viewing gallery craning they neck to see gymnastics personify . haley ( v.0 . ) and for the parent who want they daughter to be grill gymnast ? there be only one chef in town . reveal burt vickerman , where charm and belligerence collide . the bad mood can not conceal he beguile je not sais quoi , as burt scratch he head with a well - rehearse incredulity . freeze -frame on : burt vickerman . stat type over he signature glare . name : burt vickerman . age : 42 . title : collegiate gymnastics 1982-1983 ; NCAA pommel horse all - american 1982-83 ; plano pontiac mid-size salesman of the Year 1987 - 1989 ; head coach , vickerman gymnastics academy , 1991 - present . injuries : dislocate shoulder and tear bicep 1983 . favorite event : winning ; zodiac sign : olympic ring . vickerman nyell to gym ) lady . read . my. mind . haley ( v.0 . ) burt vickerman cook up the best barbecue gymnast West of the Mississippi . on burt , surveying he domain , point to he head . vickerman do my mind say ' relax 's ? maybe my mind be say : ' slow down , 's or ' take it easy . ( more ) ad stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 17 . vickerman ( cont would ) ' I mean , maybe you can read my mind and it 's completely lose . have I lose my mind ? be that why you be stare off into space ? bam . the terrify gymnast go from half - speed to high -speed . haley ( v.0 . ) personally ? I be not a fan of he sauce . coach vickerman stride over , loom large , extend he hand , pull Haley up . the furious joanne stir the pot . joanne what be she do here ? vickerman everyone . Haley Graham have very graciously come out of ... retirement to train with we . be out of shape be not funny , so do not make fun of she . get dress , Haley . haley I accidentally burn all my leotard last year . ( xe : outfit ) hope this be okay . it be not . vick pause , decide he 's go to play along . vickerman Fine . you warm up ? 4 haley to you ? no. vickerman stretch and join vault rotation . let 's see where you be at . Haley begin a series of fluid and familiar leg stretch in the corner , still play with she gameboy . she easily but lazily demonstrate impressive flexibility . joanne bail-ey , bail -ey , bail-ey . Haley use she gameboy as a mic . haley ( do elfie schlagel announcer voice ) ( more ) stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 18. haley ( cont would ) she 's not of drink age , but joanne charis be still drunk on power . how be that possible , Tim , and when will she go to rehab ? ( do Tim daggett ) well , elfie , with all that national championship under she belt , joanne charis think she rule the world . joanne have you not bail on world , we may have rule the world , but now we will never know . haley if the team have be any good they would not have need my score , now would they ? Haley leave joanne and meander up to the vault . the girl look at she , like , be she really vaulting in chollo culottes and a hoodie ? Haley give the girl the same look in return . haley you guy be really underdressed . Haley chalk up and do a exaggerated will ferrell - esque preparation at the head of the vault runway . mina we be warming up yurchenkos . around the gym , the Elite gymnast be maintain they workout while grab glance at Haley 's pre-vault ritual . i haley I prefer tsukaharas . how bout we get this party start with a full - twist butt -a-hara ? vault rotation girl share a huh ? mix with some awe . parent on the viewing deck , crane they neck to look . on haley , a stern , focus stare down the runway and a peculiar bounce / skip step combo before she sprint . on the elite , now fully stop to watch . on haley , throw a round - off onto the beat board and fly backwards onto the vault , sit on the vault tongue like a chair , spin and jump off with a exaggerated finish . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 19 . on the girl , in shock at the flagrant rebellion and nervously return to they workout with the knowledge that shit and fan be millisecond from a collision . on vickerman , head with scary calm in Haley 's direction . haley I know . my landing be a little off . vickerman Nah . you just need to pick up you run a bit . Haley smile . vickerman lean in smile , study she ... then pick she up , throw she over he shoulder and carry she out of he gym . she wriggle . the old elite stifle laugh as joanne squeal with force , bitchy laughter behind vick 's back . vickerman whip around , piss ... still carry Haley on he shoulder . vickerman have a attitude and be out of shape be not funny . who think that be funny ? joanne - the culprit - point to wei wei and shrug . vickerman gimme 100 v-up . wei wei. wei wei suck it up , drop and do one hundred v-up . on haley , ishoot joanne a look of disgust from vick 's shoulder . on joanne , smile contentedly right back at she . a audible ripple of relief float through the gym . vickerman shut it . all of you . down . now . the girl all drop and robotically join the V - up madness as vickerman grab Haley 's knapsack and carry she outta there . ext . new gym - continuous vickerman carry she down the path towards ... the Old gym. stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 20 . haley put I down , shrek . vickerman this be not the real world . this be my world . you do not have to like I or like it here , but you do have to respect it . ext . old gym - continuous vickerman sit she down on a beam . Haley 's bristle . haley respect ? be that how you respect people ? throw they over you shoulder and violate they personal space ? vickerman oh , goody , I hear you be like this , I be so glad it 's true . haley like what ? and what be it you have do to earn my respect exactly ? I miss that part . Haley nod , rifling through she knapsack for something . vickerman we have rule . we have rule for training , and the reason we have jrule and coaches be because it 's gymnastics . and because it 's gymnastics , you could die . you could break you neck , back , a arm , a leg or the whole kit and caboodle . Haley fake yawn and check she nonexistent watch . vickerman and while danger and risk be the reality of what we do ? it 's calculate , and it can not be calculate if you do not respect the law . the law of gravity , for instance . vickerman take Haley off the beam and drop she on the mat . sticck it - 2b 02/11/2005 21 . haley I be confuse . and you point ? vickerman I get that you do not value you life . I mean , let 's face it ;. how could you appreciate rule that be mean to protect what you do not value ? it 's not possible . haley oh , it 's possible . it 's just not likely . vickerman nod with flourish . vickerman I do not particularly care if you like I or not . Haley stand up . they face off on either side of the beam . haley and I do not particularly care if you like I or not . @ vickerman you do not have to like I or like it here , but try and respect it . haley I do not do one - way street . vickerman y how bout cul - de-sac ? do you do that ? Haley 's startle . be humor in the house ? vickerman avenue ? back alley ? boulevard , byway , highway , lane or parkway ? ( beat ) thoroughfare ? haley not if they be one - way . vickerman get some rest and be here ready to a , work out at ten be tomorrow . or we can call the judge . you decide . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 22 %: ext . running path - morning the elite sprint by . after a beat , Haley meander past and towards the old gym . int . old gym - moment later Haley enter the parent 's view deck as many younger gymnast of various level take class behind the plexi . Haley approach vick 's office door , listen as he talk to a parent . she 's hide , but he see she . vickerman madison be very gift . we have like to fast track she towards become a Elite . it 's a big commitment -- madison be mom but twenty hour a week ? she 's six . I have two other child . vickerman we will have she into the top program by the time she 's ten . junior Elite by age 13 . that 's the goid . madison be mom you mean goal ? vickerman jright . I guess when I look at madison , I see gold . Olympic gold . Haley be gag as vick seamlessly escort madison 's Mom out and ashley' mom in without miss a beat . ashley 's mom hey , burt . I talk to my husband and if Carly devote 20 hour a week at seven , so will Ashley . vickerman it 's a good gold , it really be . ( catch himself ) do I say gold ? I guess Ashley and gold be become synonymous for I . do not tell the other parent . I do not want they to feel -- stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 23 % Ashley 's Mom smile and seal she lip and wink . ashley' mom say no more . thanks , burt . disgust , Haley exit . vick catch it . and smile . vickerman ( to another mother ) Mrs. ledain ? come on in . int . elite training facility ecu clock read 9:48 be . silence . on haleyn foot fill the frame , surround by the entrance door to the gym . with a bang and blast of light , the door burst open as the elite race into the gym . the Pov make Haley 's foot look like Gulliver 's , surround by lilliputian . joanne vick ! when can we scrap the old @ long -sleeve leotard ? we need new one for national . every college will be scout I . ( to Haley ) not that you have to worry about any of that . haley a new leotard might distract the ' judge and scout from you lack of talent . it 's a solid strategy . joanne gee , pariah carey ! wonder why no one 's scout you for college . oh , I forget ! you do not matter . joanne leave . vick hand Haley a rag and a scraper . they start wiping the chalk bowl and scraping the bar down . haley that she can even say the word college be a indictment against the whole institution . vickerman — hey , fillibuster ? no one care . 7 stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 24 . handing she a empty magnesia wrapper . vickerman more chalk , please . storage closet . haley . be that where you hide the candy ? all the elite turn around longingly on the word ' candy . 's vickerman back to work , lady . if you be '' not go to work out , you be go to work . now . Big pack . at the storage closet the elite workout , joanne on beam . Devon and lacey work flip -flops with consecutive layout step -out . dorrie , the unfeminine and angry assistant coach , moan . dorrie pretty foot , pretty foot , point they hard and win the meet ! Haley hold up the wrapper to dorrie who point to the storage room . Haley pull the handle . lock . Haley sit . on wei wei and mina , do oversplit on stack mat . dorrie adjust hip as necessary while eagle - eyeing joanne . on joanne do she routine , and Haley watch . joanne dismount a simple single - tuck with cowboy leg . 4 joanne deja jealous , Haley ? bring back memory ? we train together with Chris for - how long ? haley that would be too long . joanne and he no give I so much attention that you could not take it ? so rather than deal with it , you decide to take matter into you own hand , do not ya ? haley you be get a lot of attention because you suck , joanne . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 25 . } joanne if memory serve , suck be you specialty , Bailey . some of we do not need to sleep with the coach to get attention . dorrie lady ! pointy foot , not pointy word . pointy word be mouth turd ! the elite all have they mouth open . Haley turn to the girl . haley do not believe everything you hear . the truth be actually much , much worse . ( head to the beam ) but not as bad as joanne ' 's pre- school beam routine . joanne scoff . dorrie try to calm Haley . dorrie oo easy . I choreograph that routine . Haley start jump around and stretch . haley you secret 's safe with I . ( adjust beat board ) since I be so jealous of joanne , I memorize she routine already . i joanne I do not think you be in shape . haley and I do not think you can think . I be two year out - of - shape and I can do this in my sleep . without blink , Haley mount the beam like joanne . haley why do a risky flight mount when you can get on safely ? Haley mimic joanne 's safe routine throughout : it be the paragon of lame gymnastics choreography . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 26 . haley ( to lame hand move ) then we have some finger - flick good choreography . ( into butt stick - out ) the classic butt shelf , follow by some choreographic dust bunny - useless bit of fluff that get we from Point a to Point B and induce the urge to vacuum . Haley launch easily into the move she describe . joanne be look around , like , be anyone go to do anything ? haley then - the standard D connection acro series : flip flop layout step out layout step out , into some dance , dance revolution , a full turn on one leg , and at least one leap with a 180 degree split ! Haley leap and fake bobble , dramatically cover it . haley that be for you , joanne. {into front tuck / jump ) } woohoo - punch front , wolf jump - ever since they raise the value of that we have be boring audience with it for year ! coach ivan , mina and wei wei gape with they mouth open . i haley watch as I set up my unspectacular dismount : it 's the most point I can get for the least amount of work , so rather than show you what I can really do - which , let 's face it , be not much - let I phone it feso Haley pretend to dial on a telephone . she point to mina who be so entrance , she pick up the pretend phone . haley hello ? what 's you name ? mina mina . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 27 . haley hi , mina , it 's Haley . listen , could you tell joanne I be go to take over and do a real dismount ? gasp ! everyone run from around the gym . mina pretend to cover the mouthpiece on the phone . mina joanne ? Haley 's on the phone . she 's go to do a real dismount . joanne I hear she ! what 's with all the close caption ? I be not mute ! joanne give mina a scary '' I will kill you , '' look as Haley keep talk on the phone . haley how about a triple back ? I '11 probably cowboy my leg apart , but , that 's what joanne would do . and , after all , it be hard to keep my leg together after sleep with we old coach for so long . you understand . Haley hang up . then she turn the pretend phone into a fake microphone , cover she ear and whisper into it . haley she 's really go to have to stick the landing ... + 9 Haley " toss " the fake mic , spot the end of the beam and -- vickerman Haley !!! you be not do a triple back without training it first ! on vickerman stride towards she , every intention of pull she off the beam . trick time as Haley launch so high off the beam it 's as if she 's on tramp , then slow down into she one , two , three back somersault . leg cowboy , as promise . vickerman no triple back ! stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 28 . Haley approach the mat and real time catch up . Haley severely under-rotate and crash hard onto she knee and elbow . she smile . look up at he , she 's delighted . vickerman you will not throw triple in . this gym without training for they first . over my dead body . haley you kinda look like you need cpr . vickerman ( hold back ) since you know it all , you know what I be go to say , right ? haley do not know . do not care . vickerman you do not care . you do not care . for someone who do not care , you sure lecture a lot , Professor . ( consider ) you gonna workout or work I up ? haley but I '' so good at both . vickerman get out . do not come back till you nre ready to train . i int . elite gym ecu clock : 5:00 pm , wider in gym as the elite finish workout . Haley plop down and take out the gameboy . dorrie and Ivan loom over she . ivan ( Russian accent ) put away zee abacus . Haley do not move . give they a ' get lose 's look . they walk away . vick enter , quickly assess the continue pattern . vickerman okay , lady ... grab some mat . elite what ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 29 . vickerman grab some mat . you be gonna start pull they back and forth until Haley participate . moan . cries of the injustice . vickerman now . the EIGHT elite grab the mat and begin pull they back and forth across the gym . scowl at Haley the entire time . clock 7:30 pm the girl be still dutifully drag the mat ( and they butt ) across the gym . in the viewing deck , angry mother be stand and watch with they arm cross . joanne this be , like , globally unfair . haley do not bitch at I . you be the one choose to do this . get some free will . they keep pull . Haley do not move . the girl be obey , but glaring at Haley . in the viewing window , cute-as-a-button soccer Mom , mrs . charis , be get ready to do something . . a vickerman clock the income Mom and make a call . vickerman okay , lady . that 's it . good job . grab some dinner . Haley rise . coach look at she quizzically . vickerman not for you . Mrs. charis walk in , look sweet and really shy . mrs . charis hey , Big burt . May I have a word ? versus stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 30 . vickerman you know parent be not allow in the gym , Mrs. charis . charm as you be . mrs . charis . I will not have my daughter 's training sacrifice for some little crack - khorkina . haley I do not sleep with my coach for crack , I sleep with he because it feel good . jeez , Mrs. c. the gym empty , each elite stare Haley down or refuse to look at she as they exit . joanne throw a fit . joanne if she do not leave , I will ! Mrs. charis grab joanne protectively and hustle she away from Haley . ext . dorm - night Haley trudge to the building and pull on the doorknob . it 's lock . she knock , peek inside . nothing . on the second floor , a window open . a duffle bag be drop , almost hit Haley on she head . it 's lacey and Devon , who close the window and turn off the light . mina pop she head out a window . wei wei join she . 4 mina be there candy in that closet ? Haley shake she head no . wei wei do you know boy ? Haley nod . mina have you ever be to a concert ? Haley nod as mina and wei wei be blow away . get yelled at from inside . they shrug apologetically and mouth ' sorry , 's shutting the window . it 's a lock out . ad stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 sic int . old gym - night Haley walk in with she knapsack . plop down . Haley pull out the text messager , type : hate it here . hate everyone . hate my life . save I . . Haley curl up on the floor , use she duffle as a pillow . the text messager ring to life , read : we got you horse ! stay tune . suddenly , vickerman stroll in with car key . vickerman c’mon Haley , let 's talk . ext . sonic burger - night Haley 's lay on a bench outside , stare at the sky . vickerman arrive with a tray of food . haley you be totally leeching off people . vickerman leech deserve retirement , too , you know . it 's not polite to eavesdrop , Haley . haley you get a lot of girl go to the Olympic . what country they gonna represent ? the State of delusion ? vick chuckle before diving into he burger with joy . vickerman I be on you side , you know . haley oh , really ? and what 's my side ? vickerman I know what happen to you at world really suck . haley you know ? what do you know ? you just punish a bunch of girl for something they could not control ! that 's not knowledge , that 's a abuse of power . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 32 . vickerman and you cost the US gold at world , so we be even . it 's my gym and I could not let they think I no let anyone get away with that kind of behavior . : haley whatever . I be hungry and over it . vickerman you think I be full of crap , do not you ? haley look what you be eat . the coach continue eat . it 's good . he do not offer any . vickerman mmmmm . I talk to judge westreich . told she you be be a jackass and all . haley I be pretty sure she know that already , but thanks . vickerman she suggest that if you be to make some restitution financially , it might help she poor opinion of you . Haley be seally eyeing he food . vick pull it closer . vickerman be I correct in assume that college gymnastics be not on you to - do list ? haley correct . College gymnastics be one big , fat to - do not . vick savor some fries with excessive appreciation . vickerman great . so in addition to spare innocent collegiate gymnastics coaches everywhere , that mean you can take any purse money you win free and clear . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 33 . C ) haley and you get to look like a hero for the comeback story of the year ? tf do not think so . vickerman . you forget my cut . the part where I get twenty - five percent of you winning . ( eat ) you be here . and I '' run a business . haley and you business be none of my business . this be choose for I . so do not expect I to cooperate or behave . I do not want to be here . vickerman so you piss off the judge and kiss eighteen goodbye for a while ? you dad 's business partner can press charge , you know . they have a year to do whatever they want . @ Haley be silent . it 's true . vickerman I fight to have you here , you know . we both know you can do this . why not make it work ? haley sbecause it do not matter ! this sport be a joke . we have to be accurate and the judge do not ! the judge be lame , the rule be lame and the outcome be lame . vickerman and you point be --? vick munch thoughtfully . Haley throw rock at the trash . haley I could be the best gymnast in the world and if I be off for one second ? it 's over . I do not want to work so hard for so little upside when judge be not hold to ) the same standard . ( more ) wy stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 34 . haley ( cont would ) sorry to diss you life 's work and all . no offense . vickerman be not unimpress by she logic . vickerman none take . you might find this hard to believe , but I do not grow up want to work on a leotard ranch . ( solemn ) but my dream of a life at the leotard aquarium be not realistic . so I settle . this get a smile out of Haley . vickerman you be incredibly smart , Haley . and if you want to go to Texas military Academy that badly , we can ask the judge to reconsider . I can not have you here if we can not make it work . haley right . vickerman the friendship Cup be in a few week . maybe if you apply yourself , you would win some cash and we would have a case . haley iI really do not see the point . vickerman how about the fact that you be one of the great natural talent this sport have ever see ? you be great once ! haley I be great once ? you nre not actually push the ' you be great once ' speech . vickerman you be great once . it be only for a minute , but it be a really good minute . * stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 35 . haley you nre like a total cliche . you realize that , right ? vickerman okay , miss original recipe . give it you best shot . vickerman lean back . Haley get into character . haley talent out the ass , natural ability that half the world 's gymnast would kill for and you be flush it ! do not flush you life away , kid ! step away from the bowl . vickerman that be terrible . ( frustrated ) come on ! do not you want to be great again ? you be great once ! haley I be not great . I be obedient . ( over it ) I be sick and tired of be judge . I do not need it . vickerman interesting . haley what ? i vickerman for someone who hate be judge , you be one of the most judgemental people I nve ever meet . haley and they say I learn nothing from this sport ! vickerman friendship Cup be three week away . you compete , you win , you earn the money , and you be out . it 's you choice . no one will be surprised if you do not do it , so do not waste you energy rebel , Haley . he gather he trash and rise to leave . ed stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 36 . vickerman nobody care what you do , Haley . no one care . vick 's head towards he car . after a beat , she follow . haley be not we go back ? vickerman okay , miss rebel -without -applause . if you want to come back , you can walk . Haley 's incredulous . vick get in he car and start it . vickerman relax . it 's only five mile . Long enough to help you make up that inquire mind of yours , right ? ext . TEXAS road - night dark. Starry . Lonely . Haley walk along the road , hungry , tired and miserable . her misery become tear , all toughness vanish . she stop and stare at the moon , mouth '' help , '' before continue back . change . int . elite gym Morning conditioning . Pan over to Haley who gameboy as the other gymnast do they workout . the assistant coaches be all look at vick like he 's lose it for tolerate this . vick sit down next to she . vickerman be you in .or out ? Haley keep play , think . vickerman you nre make I look bad , you know . and I be quite handsome . they stare each other down . Parents watch from the view booth . Haley whisper . haley be you be straight with I ? Cause I have have enough of lunatic adult for a while . for real . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 37 . people be watch this exchange . vick be under he breath on this one . vickerman I will do what I say I would do . haley do you really fight to have I here ? vickerman nod solemnly . Haley need that . haley so you will call the judge and get I out of here and look into all the restitution stuff ? no bull ? vickerman I will . haley then here 's the deal : I will compete for the money so I can get out . but I train on my own until I be ready . so , just scream at I to get out of the gym . Haley look at he like she 's not move unless he scream , haley we both get face to save , vick . I be not struggle in front of that robot -- ' vickerman c'mon , Haley . please . on a dime , vick turn into a scream monster . vickerman Haley grab you pointy ear , tail and pitchfork and get up on you hoof and get the hell out ! now ! he wink at she as she run out of the gym . int . old gym - later speed training : Haley lining up she grip-lade wrist and launching into back handsprings on the mat . five in a row . ten in a row . twenty in a row . she stop , panting ... look . yl stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 38 . haley eating . haley ‘s Pov : the beam stare at she . positioning : Haley hold pike pose on the floor . holding layout . twist . holding they for count and release . she eye the beam again ... groan . bar : Haley 's face pop in and out of frame . reveal she 's kipping up and down on bar . planch . l-hollow . hang by she knee . face and body cover in chalk . finishing for the day : Haley gather she stuff , look back one last time : the beam . she hit the light and leave . int . mess hall - 7 pm Haley 's eat dinner in a corner , she hoodie up , gameboy on . mina and wei wei approach she when they be do eat . mina we just want you to know that we do not believe joanne 's storey about you , Haley . haley what ? and have a mind of you own ? this be gymnastics ! that 's crazy ! they stand there for a second , look at each other and leave . Haley finish and loiter on she gameboy until everyone else leave . after the last girl get up , Haley wait . rise . and can barely walk , limping out of the mess Hall . i int . dorm - later everyone 's asleep . Haley limp past a room , carry something . int . bathroom Haley add ice to a tub fill with ice and water . wincing and exhaling , gingerly lowering herself into the freezing water . she shiver and grit she tooth . haley shtinka minka funk funk shtoodle berry ! outside the bathroom stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 39 . haley ( 0.5 . ) shtid-rotten kukamonga pusspot ! mina 's grab something and hear Haley 's pseudo-swearing and smile . i/e - various run / workout / eat /ice / sleep /run / workout / eat /ice /sleep . int . old gym trampoline training sequence : Haley 's foot bounce . go higher and higher . just get she body position and landing . int . parent -viewing deck - simultaneous mina and weiwei be peek from the dark view deck . mina can you imagine make it all the way to world and walk out ? it 's totally insane . wei wei I think she just , like , chicken out . mina no . no way . I 'ma chicken . she 's ; no chicken . maybe she be hurt . wei wei she be on floor , about to do a new routine with huge skill . I hear she be tanking she double pike in warm -up . I think she just freak out , plain and simple . Haley throw a triple back . wei wei whoa . she just do a triple . mina chicken do not do triple . lo stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 40 . int . old gym - next night Haley 's still on the tramp . her bounce more confident . double layout . double pike . no problem . vickerman pop in . vickerman can I help ? haley nope . vickerman you almost ready ? haley nope . vickerman you gonna be ready ? haley yup . vickerman you gonna hurt yourself ? haley probably . vickerman do not get blood on the equipment . haley i ( smile ) too late . int . old gym - various vanquishing the beam sequence : on floor ~ Haley really chalk she hand up and do a tumble pass . or at least it look like a tumble pass , until she run back with a broom handle . tumble one way ; broom handle the other ; chalk ; repeat . reveal overhead : she 's create a fake beam with black gaffer 's tape on the floor . make huge white hand and foot mark where she 's landing . a visual map of where she 's off . the broom be actually a Swiffer . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 41 . on beam , Haley do a balance move . decent . Haley do a leap . good . Haley do a backhandspring - layout - layout - step - out combination ... and she wipe out , fall out of frame . haley ( 0.s. ) turtle crap . on haley , drag foam across the gym and pile it up . haley falling sequence : Haley do the same combination and fall ; once. dragging foam . twice . dragging foam . Three time . more foam . wider reveal : Haley have build up monster pile of foam on each side of the beam as she practice . six time . eight time . get more and more determine with each fall . haley ( 0.s. ) poodle fart . int . dorm - haley 's room - night the clock read 2 am . Haley climb into bed , exhaust . she go for some ibuprofen . it 's empty . she grab she gameboy for comfort , wince as she play . int . drug - store ~ next morning the fluorescent light be blind and loud . Haley hold she empty bottie and push a empty cart up the empty aisle , look for she stuff . she pause , look at the selection . she reach for a bottle . ' haley' Pov : a prescription bottle . she pull it down , confuse , look around . she read , squinting to read the label . ecu label ( exact replica of a rx ) : graham , haley - tsukahara ; start value : Super E ; take 2x's DAILY with food . warning sticker : may cause broken neck . Haley pull another bottle off the shelf . ecu bottle : graham , haley - hindorf : full-twist double back in the pike position . take five time DAILY . warning : may cause torn hamstrings . ecu bottle : graham , haley - full - twisting ono , endo full into khorkina , sv : super E warning : do not attempt this move or you will die a out-of - shape have - be . poison symbol . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 42 . haley 's Pov : the entire shelf wall of the store be fill prescription bottle in she name . Haley 's frantic , pull bottle after bottle off the shelf , put they in she basket .... which be now overflow . the store 's alarm sound ... . int . haley' room - night it 's Haley 's gameboy make noise . Haley bolt up , panting . she flip on the light as mina rush to the door . mina be you alright ? haley yeah , fine . why ? mina Cause you be scream ? wei wei rush behind mina , curious . haley ( cover ) I be dream I be at a concert . wei wei ( cause she 's never be to a concert ... ) what be it like ? be it fun ? haley ; go back to sleep . mina and wei wei head back to bed , share a look . i/e - old gym - various bar sequence . beam sequence . floor sequence . vault . Haley be finally satisfied . int . dorm - dinnertime - evening Girls come home for dinner . Haley 's still out . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 43. int . elite gym - next morning - haley 's real debut Haley show up for practice , which be already well in session . she 's in a leotard and ready to show she stuff . joanne , woohoo , Bailey 's back . Haley walk right past joanne to the bar , dorrie and joanne wander over with she , pretend not to be curious . dorrie Nice set yesterday , joanne . joanne {false humility ) just try to hit my routine . haley do not be so humble . you be not that great . around the gym , everyone pretty much stop what they be do to watch Haley . on haley sing to herself as she drag a beat board towards the bar and be put on she grip , ignore the focus . on vickerman and mina watch she chalk up . mina she 's practice a gurova mount . i vickerman what 's that ? mina one of the only Super E mount there be ? have you even read the code of point ? vickerman go do a sit up . on haley , nail a round -off , backwards one and a haif tuck onto the bar and launching into a kick - ass routine . human body hip - hop audio # 2 : as every SOUND made by a gymnast on uneven parallel bar create a trance - like percussion . the squeak of the bar mix with breathing , releasing , catch sound . Haley singing to herself to tight shot of exciting element , jump CUT to the rhythm . she dismount . ad stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 44 . around the gym , as everyone be kind of stunne , mouth open , joanne stomp she foot . haley what ? dorrie ( 0.s. ) time for school , people ! the group of girl who go to school , rush out to leave . joanne 's notice Haley not leave . and be annoyed . joanne ( to lacey ) why do not she have to go to school ? haley lacey ? please tell joanne I get my ged when I be fifteen . lacey sigh at the enormous inconvenience . lacey joanne . Haley get she ged when -- joanne I hear she ! and what do drunk drive have to do with school ? off joanne 's miff departure and Haley 's sigh we CUT to int . elite gym - floor exercise - later mina 's rehearse floor , tumble like a badass to bad '' stripper jazz " music . mina ' 's dance , however , be stiff . dorrie imitate a dance move like a kindergarten teacher . dorrie ( more rote sing - song ) not like a duck ! what the cluck ? Flow like a river , be a smile - giver ! ( give up ) you ‘’re too mechanical during you dance element . mina keep try in earnest . it 's not that she 's not graceful , but she 's about power , not the other corny stuff . dorrie turn mina 's ' wah - wah ' trumpet music off . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 45 . dorrie just because you be fourteen do not mean you have to look like you be fourteen . mina . how be I suppose to look ? dorrie like you be talented . Haley catch that . and do not like it one bit . dorrie every tenth count . you be not try hard enough . they want pretty ! elegant ! feminine ! mina ( on the verge of tear ) I be try ! dorrie be that a real try or a quitter 's try ? Haley 's chalking up nearby , decide to get into it . haley do not squish she kick - ass tumble into you lame - ass style . dorrie swallow something unkind . i dorrie I ' 11 do my job and you do yours . haley I '' not pay to be here . and I do not think it 's you job to make cookie cutter routine for gymnast who be completely different . it 's lazy coach . Haley begin mimick the horrible cliches of floor Exercise choreography as she speak . haley that 's because it 's not choreography , it 's flooreography ! {faux excitement ) pointless bounce . flappy , fluffy arm . ( more ) stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 46 . haley ( cont would ) let 's be really sassy and add some vava-voom hip with a wah wah trumpet ! mina ( to dorrie , concerned ) you say the judge eat that . trumpet stuff up . haley ( still faux excited ) why do not we just put a pole in the middle of the floor and score some tip while we be out there ? ( to dorrie , dead calm ) I mean , I understand if you can not be original , but do not be lame . dorrie lose it , and be on the verge of cry . dorrie I can not and will not work like this ! I know what judge want ! it 's a rich tradition . ( shaking ) I have never be so insulted in my entire life . haley well , then we have get something to look forward to ... cause I have be hold back . dorrie vick ! 4 vickerman what ? I have get two rhythmic girl in the old gym clebber each other with club . dorrie I need to be guarantee a environment where Haley keep she observation to herself . vickerman Haley , we get a meet next door . will you say you nre sorry ? haley because she can not handle one opinion ? if I be so wrong why be she so mad ? ae stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 47 . this send dorrie over the edge into hyperventilation land . vickerman dorrie . relax . dorrie I be try to choreograph a routine here ! haley that 's not choreography . it 's homicide . ( sigh ) I be just try to help . dorrie I do not need you help ! mina yes , you do ! mina cover she mouth . dorrie nod and wipe off the tear with the wounded entitlement of someone gravely harme . vickerman dorrie . there 's a advil bottle in my top drawer . it 's not advil inside . help yourself . Haley ? c’mere . Haley come over , look like she 's go to burst out laugh . vick be sympathetic . ; vickerman do not do that . the hysterical nursery rhyme she will leave on voicemail be a hundred time worse , so just steer clear . haley I know you very busy milk the cash cow next door , but fix mina 's floor routine . she 's a badass and dorrie 's sissifying she into a ballet dork . vickerman what 's wrong with mina ' 's floor routine ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 48 . haley for someone who 's so into the Olympic , you do not pay much attention to you thoroughbred . she study he . he 's clueless . haley . I do not want to get in the way of you gold medal factory next door , but dorrie 's not a world class coach . Ivan yell in Russian about the rhythmics off -camera . vickerman Haley . worry about you own routine . Ivan rush into the elite gym . he be tangle in a ribbon . ivan Zee rhythmics go peanut -- int . old gym - moment later vick , Haley and mina rush into the gym and see ... haley this be so leotard . rhythmic mayhem : the rail - thin rhythmic gymnast be in a full scale battle with they equipment : ball , club , ring , ribbon fly everywhere . it 's a flurry of sequin and frustration ... none of the adult can break it up , so vickerman stand on a beam and start shouting . vickerman lady , drop you ball ! Drop you ball this instant ! the balis ! the rhythmics stop , look up at vickerman . a pee wee rhythmic with too much eye-makeup on look like she want to keep fight . suddenly , a rhythmic club pelt she from nowhere and she fight back with a scream ... mayhem start all over again . haley ( v.0 . ) every freak have they freak . and while gymnast be freak , rhythmic gymnast be like we circus freak . they be insane . ( more ) stick it ~- 2b 02/11/2005 49 . haley ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) but if you have to jump through hoop and twirl ribbon without trip or eat , you would be insane , too . mina be study they with Haley . mina they nre from outer space . haley be not it genius ? you should see Sports acro or power tumble . mina huh ? haley oh , do I have thing to show you . Haley head back to the Elite gym as mina - desperate for more - follow she like a puppy . mina what 's 's that ? wait ! be that a new band ? tell I ! int . elite gym - later lacey , joanne and other gymnast from school return for evening workout . at unevens , Haley 's work release move on a set : a comaneci salto into a hindorff . wei wei study the combination . Haley jump down to re-chalk and adjust she grip . wei wei clear her throat . and again . Haley look up . on wei wei , do the exact same combination Haley just do . on haley , impressed . haley how long have you be do that ? wei wei shrug . haley show I more . time plays trick - fast and slow for beauty - as wei wei launch into this flight series on the uneven . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 50 . on haley , mouth agape in what might be she very first moment of genuine surprise and wonder as wei wei dismount . haley you could go to world , you know , wei wei no way . haley Way way , wei wei . wei wei get all wide - eye and puppy dog , nodd eagerly . wei wel vick win not even pick I for friendship Cup . I do not exist to he . mina appear , want to be a part of it . mina be she tell you about power tumble ? I wanna listen ! haley you know you guy be way better than joanne or lacey . or I . wei wei shake she head and look down all shy and blushy . haley but you gotta want it want it . 1 wel wei I totally want it want it ! haley then you be go to the friendship cup . off wei wei and mina 's shocked look , we CUT to int . elite gym - day later vick stand in front of everyone . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 St. vickerman base on result at the Pan be classic and progress and consistency in workout , I have select the four athlete compete at the friendship Cup . haley you already decide ? gee , it 's just like national . vick smirk indulgently . vickerman do not worry Haley , you be on the list . Haley 's confuse . groan from some other girl . vickerman along with lacey , Devon , and - of course , joanne . I need one of you who be not go to loan Haley a club warm - up and leotard . joanne unsanitary ! the long sleeve be so tired ! I have a constitutional right to bare arm . the other elite - particularly mina and wei wei - droop . Haley 's hand shoot up . vickerman ' since when have you need permission to speak ? haley at what point do what we can do now count ? vickerman it always count . that 's why you be go . haley do not you think we should earn we spot ? and not have they hand to we ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 joanne I nve totally earn my spot , ntry to be cool ) I be practically a dalmation . lacey woof . haley dalmation be bear with spot , they do not earn they . which be my point . lacey dog be people , too , Haley . Haley do not even know how to respond to this . haley if I be go , I want to know it earn my spot ... not that it 's be hand to I base on some subjective , opinion - base , reputation crap . joanne Haley . gymnastics be subjective , opinion - base , reputation crap ! stop be a sore sport and deal with it . haley I be not a sore sport . it 's the sport that 's sore . {to vickerman , goad ) ; take whoever . nobody care what you do , vick . no one care . ivan they all lazy . put zee fire under zee gluteous . competition . the coach resent it , but take thef bait . vickerman Haley have a good point . why not do a in -house competition ? it ’1ll be good practice . joanne because we no lo needo ! 52 . * '' stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 sis vickerman let 's do it . lacey and joanne want to kill Haley . vickerman . no kill Haley in she sleep , people . int . elite gym - a few day later judge arrive for in-house competition with clipboard , chat casually with dorrie , Ivan and vick . the EIGHT elite warm up as parent gather in special bleacher seat . two judge prepare and take place . vickerman judge . lady . since this be in - house , I nve ask the judge to score you all regardless of order . joanne that be so unfair !! why would you do that ? later ~- Haley 's adjust the beat board for bar . vickerman be help she . vickerman I want you to do well . the last thing I need be you hurt yourself , I do not know , on a triple twist you can not stick ? how would he know ? vickerman I '' self - involved , I be not blind . haley I acknowledge you concern and will take they into consideration . as I light the bar on fire . vickerman actually , that remind I : you toe point suck . haley my toe drill oil . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 54 . vickerman okay then exxon , let 's see it . oh , it 's on . Haley and vick share a smile . i/e - elite gym - various in -house competition montage to high ENERGY music on vault : high -speed intercut each phase of each competitor vault , creating one continuous vault . on bar : high -speed intercut of bar routine to great music . it 's old school versus new school : joanne and company versus Haley , wei wei and mina . on beam : boring versus exciting in one continuous routine . on floorex : continuous tumbling that hang in the air . end of inhouse competition montage int . bleacher area - later dorrie review the result . Parents be overly nervous . vickerman confer with the four judge in the background . dorrie winner today be wei wei . Haley be second , follow by mina and then ... lacey . ( small ) joanne will be we alternate . gasp from ' the parent at the result . joanne what ? I '' nationally rank ! I be not a alternate . vickerman hear this . vickerman and if you do well at national , you will still be rank . the friendship Cup will not affect you . Fair 's fair . haley now who 's jelly of who ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 55 . mina and wei wei be high -five and settle down when joanne look at they , then notch it up after she 's pass by . ext . elite gym parking lot - later judge kissing vick 's ass . he 's loving it . judge turescheva what be you , actually spend time in the gym , vick ? you be gonna have half the national team this year with that young one . vickerman they do not have the experience yet . judge postma Haley look great . I hear Chris defrank expect she back at he gym as soon as she 's eighteen . vickerman be put-off , even a bit miff at this news . vickerman hey , Haley ! Chris defrank think you be go to end up back at he gym . whaddya think ? Haley jog over , join they . vickerman high road it . vickerman if Haley want to go back and train with Chris eventually , that 's up to sher . Haley look at Vic with respect . gratitude . haley I think if Chris defrank have want I to keep training with he , he should have think about that before he start bone my Mom . Haley walk away , leave a stunne group of judge . ext . dorm - night Haley be at the pay phone , alone . it 's dark . she 's nervous . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 56 . haley {into phone , leave a message ) hey , dad . sorry to bother you . I just want you to know I be work hard here , and I be go to try and pay you back for the window and stuff . I be compete at this thing , and if I win , I will give you all the money . ( long pause ) okay . that 's it . I just want you to know I be not goof around . okay , then . bye . Haley look at the phone , and hang up . determined . int . elite gym - next day Devon hand Haley a neatly fold warm - up and leo ... and then drop it on the floor at she foot before walk away . Haley pick it up as lacey work beam behind she . haley thanks . lacey 's on beam , throw a full - twist back to a straddle - through and '' crotch the beam . '' hard . instinctively , lacey grab onto the beam , circle around and hang by she knee before fall flat to the floor . lacey ( 0.8 . ) owowowowowowowowow . 2 vickerman appear . assess the situation . get it . vickerman ( call out ) joanne ! pack you stuff . joanne do a ecstatic riverdance with no care for lacey 's feeling . ext . SAM houston arena entry - day as dorrie and girl unload the mini-van , a car pull up and start honking . the vga crew turn to see od stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 57 . a convertible with four college hotties cramme inside . two cute guy head out of the Arena , run towards the car and kissing two of the girl and hopping in . the car peal out in a fun blare of music and laughter . on joanne , mina , wei wei and haley , watch the life they be miss with more than a little angst . joanne I would kill for a boyfriend . the girl look at she , like , whoa -- haley that 's a strategy . boy love violence . dorrie chin up , walk tall , point you toe and do not fall ! we hang behind the vga girl , walk in match gear towards the double door of a small arena . on haley , glance back with a long look at the car and its 's occupant - before head inside . int . SAM houston arena - continuous on signage : '' welcome to the friendship cup , '' underneath it be two additional sign with opposing arrow for '' artistic gymnastics " and " t&t . '' vick and crew follow the AG arrow . ' mina what 's t&t ? Haley assess the timing before pull mina the other way . haley trampoline and tumble . power tumble . come on . int . t&t division - moment later a women 's synchro duo practice on side - by-side trampoline as other synchro team wait they turn . tight on hi - tech spring rod get secure into a eighty - foot long runway . on mina and haley , rush over to watch this strange world . o stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 58 . on power tumbling girl sprinting into a explosion of consecutive tumbling skill that whiz and thump by with awesome speed , power and velocity . on mina , as if she 's see God and home all at once . haley can she try it ? the pt girl nod . mina race like a banshee to the runway . mina ( pull off sweat ) what should I do ? pt girl you can do eight of whatever you want . whipback feel awesome . mina waste no time , launching into a power tumble pass like she be bear to do it . she land , explode into giddy ecstasy . pt girl 's impressed . mina it 's like nascar for girl ! int . friendship cup - artistic gymnastics - various spectator take they seat ; judge get orient behind they table ; gymnast warming up in pair and trio . on joanne , signing program and get ton of attention . young fan , be scream she name from the stand . tight on : a row of feet , in ped and barefoot ... lining up for what an know as the March - in . new angle as the feet march onto the diagonal of the floor - ex mat for they presentation to the judge and the crowd . one of this pair of foot in black chuck connor . vickerman ( shout -whisper ) Haley ! take that off !! on haley , roll she eye and kicking off she CC 's without miss a step . on the perfect line of competitor , back straight and in position . except for Haley , with hand on hip and she hip jutting out , one of this girl be not like the other . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 59 . int . warm - up area on mina , now totally pump . and wei wei , look completely overwhelm . Haley join they . focus . haley do not be nervous . wei wei look at she like she want to vomit . wei wet Carly janiga and tia Orlando . here . haley trust I : they be not think about you . concentrate on the judge . make they look . do not ask they to look at you in a sweet tone of voice as if they be do you a favor . make they look . and if you eat mat ? eat mat hard . but make they look . wei wei seem to pump up . haley this be you chance to make a noise . so show they what you can do . poot ( 0.s. ) yo , Graham cracker ! on poot and frank in the stand , wave furiously . '' on the girl , doe -ey . Haley know boy !!! int . vault podium and waiting area - later Haley be warming up she tough stuff on vault . incredulous , vick watch she a beat , and move in for a chat . vickerman hi , crazy . how 's crazy - land ? what be you do ? money or funny ? haley I be do what I practice . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 60 . vickerman if you want the money ? I no back off a hair . haley I want the money and I want to throw what I can throw . vickerman you be landing you double fifty percent at best . if that . so why not just do a one and a half ? haley it 's not about hit , it 's about express something . and I have not be practice my one and a half . I do not think I even remember how to do it . vickerman Haley . I want you to get what you come for . the purse . haley you just do not want to look bad . vickerman of course I do not want the club to look bad . but you be not here to impress the judge . you be here to place top three , win some money and get out . so stick it , alright ? Haley 's - not sure , but she shake she head anyway . remember . she do not want to be a gymnast , right ? haley you stick it , you gross old man . Haley smile . vick smile . he 's get through to she . vickerman accuracy count , Haley . I 'ma gross , middle - age man . vick leave the girl by the vault . wei wei 's nervous . on judge , give wei wei the GREEN light . on wel wei , salute and sing with ferocity as she race down the runway and nail it but for a tiny step back . 7 stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 61 . on mina and haley and joanne and vick , stunne . wei wei jump into vick 's arm . the crowd go crazy . mina I be in for the one and a half and the double . . vickerman be busy congratulate ww . Haley see this and walk mina to the vault podium . they adjust she beat board at the vault before head to the head of the runway . haley ( whisper ) double it . you can do the one and a half as you second if you screw up , right ? vault 's the one place you get do - over . nascar it up . mina nod confidently . Haley change she vault number and head back down to the wait area as mina chalk up . vickerman she alright ? haley fuel-injected . on judge , give the green light . on mina , salute and stare down the runway with intensity . her run be thunderous . her face contort . she throw a double-twisting yurchenko . her power and distance from the horse be palpable . and she stick it . the crowd roar . on haley and vickerman , blow away . vickerman that girl can vault . who change she number ? Haley sheepishly raise she hand , vickerman would kill she but pick up the elate mina . Haley 's up . vick go to set Haley 's number for the judge . at vault runway , Haley look really nervous all of a sudden . the crowd start booing . on score : 9.375 on mina , disappointed . Haley 's furious . joanne be shocked . joanne even I think that 's low . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 62 . on haley , chalking up and look super annoyed . vickerman adjust the beat board . Haley wave he back over . haley you know what ? put I down for a one and a half . it 's pointless . I be not chance get screw by they again . I want the money . vickerman be stunne , shocked and relieved . vickerman really ? no double ? seriously ? Haley shake she head , no . vick change she vault number quickly . Haley prep she body . she get the GREEN light . Haley salute . breathes . mumbling to herself . on haley , run and vaulting a water - down , one and a half yurchenko . stuck cold . on mina and wei wei , share a ' huh ? 's look . applause . as Haley exit the vault podium , vick pat she on the back . Haley walk past mina and ww , who be totally confuse . mina that be weird . wei wei where 's the double ? do something happen ? haley iI chicken at the last minute . that do not ring completely true to mina or wei wei . or Haley . Haley shrug . vickerman 's happy . vickerman you do the right thing , Haley . Way to go . mina and ww trade look ; what do that mean ? on joanne 's vault : clean , with a much bigger step than ww . haley if you foot move , it 's not a stick . we will see how the judge score that . on scoreboard : 9.415 stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 63. wei wei ( to mina ) that suck . her step be so bigger than mine . mina and ww can not believe it . joanne gloat as they gather they stuff for the bar rotation . joanne bigger reputation plus bigger step equal higher score . get it ? haley stop be nasty , joanne . joanne it 's not call gym-nicestics . suddenly , a competitor wipe out on she vault right in front of they . joanne give she a look , like , '' see ? '' haley ( v.0 . ) and like a sneeze , one really bad wipeout can give a entire meet the flu . int . various apparatus as gymnast after gymnast wipe out : a fall off the beam ; a butt -land on floor ; step out of bound on vault ; and three consecutive miss release move on bar . Girls be tanking . i haley ( v.0 . ) and all you can do be hope like hell you do not catch it . int . uneven parallel bar waiting area / podium - later vickerman and crew and cheer mina on from the sideline . wei wei come on , mina ! hit the release , you can do it ! eat mat hard ! mid - routine , on mina , miss the bar on a release move -~ on vick , spot and miss she . on mina , eat mat . it be a spread - eagle stomach slam . chalk dust blow everywhere . — stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 64 . on poot , frank and some spectator , wince and groaning . on wei wei , cover she mouth as if she cause it . on judge , scribbling they heiroglyphics on she score card . on haley and wei wei , cheer she on as she remount and hit the rest of she routine . haley s‘alright , mina ! shake it off ! on mina , dismount and disappointed and sneeze . twice . on haley , clocking the sneeze with a worried look . int . uneven parallel bar podium - later on wei wei salute , shake from mina 's fall . she mount the bar with a difficult series of stalder and hit she release move , include two hop full and a kovac . wei wei dismount but put her hand down on the landing . the crowd groans . Haley cheer she on , but wei wei ' 's upset as she descend the stair to the wait area . haley no worry , wei wei ! good job . on wei wei ‘s score : 9.2 on joanne , get ready and walk by ww , smug . i joanne Nice stick . joanneas routine be steady and boring . joanne dismount . on joannens score : 9.512 on haley consol wei wei , who 's distraught . vickerman exxon , you be up . you good ? haley I have no idea . as Haley ascend the podium , mina give she a fist pump . mina nascar it up , Haley ! sd stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 65 . on haley on bar , execute a very standard routine . on wei wei and mina , confuse . joanne sidle up . joanne that routine be so old it fart dust . it 's from junior national . like three year ago . mina where be she release move ? what she 's do ? that 's so easy ! joanne be smug , taunting . joanne I hope you guy get that Haley be a total phony . the only reason she 's encourage you guy to go for the harder trick be so you will mess up and she win the prize money . ( goad ) } you do not really buy all that ' go for it 's crap , do you ? you want a team sport ? try soccer . Haley do a easy dismount and stick it . she look humiliate and embarrassed as she descend the podium . vickerman you get nothing to be ashamed of . haley easy for you to say . you have no ' shame . on haley 's score : 9.612 on wei wei and mina , totally gross out by she result . Haley watch coach duane marvin talk to a very upset competitor , leslie russo . Leslie be look straight ahead , ery as she coach talk at she , rub she elbow . coach marvin suck it up . just go out there and do you routine . leslie the doctor say to stop if it hurt . can not Julie go ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 66 . coach marvin ( irritate ) Julie do not have you start value . ( back pat ) you want more tape ? . Leslie shake she head no , clearly know she pain be fall on deaf ear . on haley , watch Leslie with some mild concern . on leslie , close she eye and breathe , terrify . team-mate ( 0.s. ) C ’mon , Leslie ! wider on leslie look impossibly tiny in the arena . on the judge , give Leslie the green light . on leslie , step up to the bar , touch the low bar , salute and step off . and walk off the podium . on the judge , look at she to be sure she know what she 's do , then mark she as a scratch . coach marvin 's yell as she march off the podium . coach marvin you do not scratch unless I tell you to scratch ! I can not even look at you . on leslien score : flash a 0.00 announcer ( 0.s. ) the score for Leslie russo be a zero point of . on leslie , sit down as Haley approach she . Leslie put she head on she knee . Haley exhales sympathetically , follow she club-mate to the beam . int . backstage dressing area - moment later the girl be reapplying make -up . chilly environment . haley mina hoyt . first gymnast to stick a layout - layout full on balance beam . you nre about to go down in history . we stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 67 . mina and wei wei say nothing , and go about they business . haley what 's wrong ? do not bum on the fall . it suck you fall , but you make they look . . mina oh , I see how it be . you tell we to take a risk , but then you play it safe and get a huge score ? how convenient . Haley 's silent . they be right . wei wei you want to win the purse . we get it . Drop the act . haley wait - it 's not that simple , you guy - let I explain ! they be be corral back out to beam before Haley have a chance to explain . Haley look guilt-ridd and can not argue : she be sell out and she know it . alice ( 0.s. ) Haley ! Haley , honey ! over here ! in the corridor , Haley 's mother Alice be wave furiously . Haley make she way over as Alice over - eagerly hug she . alice ; oh , sweetheart ! I miss you , sweetie . haley hi , Mom . how be you ? alice you ‘’re do a great job . Nice set so far . ( motion up to stand ) I be here with Chris . we want to talk to you . Haley ' 's old coach , CHRIS defrank , wave from a distance . haley about what ? 4 stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 alice about you come back and training with he . it do not look good to have you training with someone else . we need you back with we . Haley look at she mother , stunne . haley and until I be eighteen you be not allow to see I without a court - appoint guardian present . alice and after that , you will come back to Chris 's gym . especially since you be perform so well -- we need a united front again . ( piss ) and I really do not appreciate you mouth off to judge when it come to family business . it be all over the message board . haley United front ? I be do front for you . or anyone . alice you should be thanking you lucky star that judge give you the shot to be this good again . you should be grateful you nre be give a second chance after throw you ieareer away like a crazy person . all the year I slave , chauffer you back and forth for you training . who 's the crazy person ? haley it 's safe to say you be get a little more out of it than a long drive . alice ( disgust ) we be this close to the Olympic . this close . 68 . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 69 . haley we ? what event be you compete on ? boxspring ? Alice take a deep breath . there 's that stage mother thing . haley ( cont 'd ) Mom . six girl go to the Olympic . I be not go to be one of they . alice no respect for you talent . for Chris . me. for anything . haley I do not respect people who do not respect I . alice oh , and I suppose you think burt vickerman respects you . . haley in he way . yeah , I do , actually . alice the only thing burt vickerman respects be money . he care about cash and cash in . and if you father have not pay he off you would be sit at Texas military Academy right now . what ? Haley 's hit hard . this do not compute . i haley paid he off ? what do you mean pay he off ? everyone there pay . alice not as much as you ! you daddy 's pay four time what every other girl there be pay . Haley blink , grab a railing . grip it . her eye wide , take it in . she 's stunne . she try to swallow but can not . it hurt too much . alice do you think he be on you side ? he 's a coach , Haley . he only have one side : he . ++ +t tt stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 70 . in the b.g. , vickerman yell from the balance beam podium , irritate . vickerman Haley , come warm up ! c‘mon ! Haley 's floor , ali of she faith in vick and he kindness go . vick wave more urgently , point to he wrist . vickerman Haley ! let 's warm up beam . let 's go , go , go ! Haley be furious . stung with betrayal . Fighting tear . alice ( clueless ) you be doin ' good hon , keep it up ! horrify , Haley swallow it and run out and up onto the -- int . balance beam podium - continuous -- beam podium to do she warm - up with the rest of she club . immediately , Haley 's throw she hardest trick . vickerman clock the reckless intensity immediately . vickerman what 's wrong ? haley everything . 74 int . balance beam rotation waiting area - moment later ecu : a finger hit a switch ; a GREEN light illuminate . tight on haley , fiercer than we have ever see she , salute . the head beam judge salute back . all SOUND vanish , and only Haley 's breathing , heartbeat and sound of she body on the equipment remain . wider reveal the intensity of she approach to the beam , this be the athlete who make the World team . nothing will distract she . she be go to show everything she 's get . on haley , charge into she mount with a rock -solid landing . a dull crowd cheer can be hear through haley nos sfx . @) stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 71 . Haley press into a handstand . then raise one arm into a perfect one - armed handstand . she look like a star . the blood rushing into she ear , increasing she heartbeat . haley ‘s Pov : on the naugahyde , she hand grip the beam as she raise one hand . in slo - mo , a single teardrop hit the top of the beam . then another . reverse Pov : Haley be cry in a handstand . Haley press down into a straddle - V strength balance . she hold it despite the tear , before she transition into a leap series . she bobble badly . mascara streaking down she placid face . all sound in the arena return , get louder . on the judge , not register any emotion . pencil form the petroglyphs from the open ; the code of point . back with haley , any remain composure go . she punch - front with both feet , slo - mo into the air , fall badly . on vick , wave tell she to calm down . mina and wei wei watch , shocked , from the sideline . even joanne be stunne . on haley , wiping she eye with she sleeve , get back up on beam , cartwheel into a simple back tuck . and take a million step back on the landing . the crowd groans . on haley , sit on the mat . in a alter state . Haley get back up , tear stream down she face . she salute the judge , who tally she rampant deduction . int . beam ; rotation waiting area calmly , Haley descend the podium and grab she bag . she scan the stand , find poot and Frank . give a metal salute and point to the exit . they see she need they . vickerman corral dorrie , who go to the team . he follow Haley out of the arena . int . arena exit tunnel tear of humiliation and betrayal stream down Haley 's cheek . vick be chase after she . announcer ( 0ls . ) and the score for Haley Graham be a eight point three two . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 72 . vickerman Haley , do not do this ! haley let I guess : be this you fight for I to be here ? . vickerman let 's go back in there and finish this meet . haley blah blah blah . do not I sound like I really care , Haley ? do not I ? Cause I care , I really care , he lie . vickerman stop it . do not bail again , Haley . finish this meet . finish it for yourself . haley for I ? yeah , you say something about the fact this be about I . about my freedom . helping I . you forget to tell I the part where you be cash in on it . be that what you be fight for ? how much you would get pay ? vickerman know exactly what she 's talk about . haley ; oooh - brilliant coach reform troubled teen and save he ail reputation . it be a long tunnel . the light be back in the arena . this exit be dark . vickerman I mean everything I say to you , Haley , everything . I never lie to you . haley everything you say to I be a insurance policy to get that fat check from my father . you word be buy and pay for . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 73 . vickerman I do not have to say that stuff , Haley . I say it because it make sense . haley dollar and cent . vickerman you be not go to leave like this . you be go to finish the meet and we will deal with this afterwards . like adult . haley I be not a adult ! I 'ma kid ! when do I get to be the kid ? when do I get to screw up and have somebody say , '' it 's okay , you nre a kid , you screw up , it happen . '' why do the adult get to . screw up all the time but we have to be perfect ? vickerman we do not get to pick when we grow up , Haley . that 's life . ( sympathetic ) you get deal a lame hand . and anyone who tell you otherwise be lie . but come back inside and play you hand . do not run away . haley ' you know what ? you do not owe it to I to be a decent coach . you owed it to I to be a decent human be . Haley run towards the exit . vickerman watch she , turn and head back towards the fake , bright light . i/ E. prank' truck - moment later frank you tank like a rock star ! that be insane . Haley climb in sit in between poot and Frank . she be cry pretty hard and they do not know what to do . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 74 . poot can you tell I something ? and I be be serious , here . Haley nod . they try to cheer she up . poot , why on earth do the girl wear so much glippety gloppety goop in they hair ? Haley and Frank laugh . Haley wipe snot on she sleeve . frank and how do that leotard not ride up they butt ? haley tuff skin . frank they have ass callouse ? haley no , it 's sticky stuff you spray on you butt so the leotard will not move . poot can I get that job ? I want to be tuff skin . Haley laugh . and start cry really hard again . i frank people be stupid , Haley . people be just stupid . Haley nod , cry more . poot be comforting , but serious . poot that people seem really fake , Haley . and you be not fake . frank they nre like glitter - dip , smiley robot ! that girl terrify I . poot ( conspiratorial ) they poop glitter , do not they ? you can tell I . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 75 . Haley curl up and put she head on poot 's shoulder and close she eye . haley yes , they poop glitter and they fart shimmer . 5 poot sparkly fart ? I take it all back . I love robot . frank if you huffed on tuff skin do you think it would stick you nostril together ? poot no . but if I shove it up you butt it would . frank why would my nostril stick together from put something up my butt ? poooot because you head be already there . haley do not worry , Frank . my head 's up my butt , too . Far . they all face forward in silence . know it 's kinda true . ext . poot 's house - plano a cop car sit outside . Haley and poot jump out of Frank 's 's truck , pull she bike out of the trunk . frank you gonna be okay , hale ? Haley laugh . haley of course not . frank that 's my girl . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 76 . int . poot' house Haley and poot enter . Officer Ferguson be sit on the couch . wait for she . officer ferguson hello , Haley . haley hi . they stand there a beat , wait to see what happen . and then ... poot hey , Mom , what 's up ? Officer Ferguson beckon Haley and give she a hug . Haley do not want to let go . officer ferguson it 's go to be alright . poot do not be lame , Mom . officer ferguson shut it , poot . Haley melt . officer ferguson if you need a place , we all talk to ithe judge about you stay here , okay ? Haley look at she like the she 's life raft she do not think she have . officer ferguson you get a place to stay . now go to sleep . int . judge westreich '’s chamber - day Haley be be lead to a chair , and stand in front of the judge 's desk . judge westreich ( 0.s. ) have a seat . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 the Haley sit down . she be sad but serene . judge westreich I want you to read this . out loud , please . second paragraph . the judge pull a piece of paper off a file , adjust he glass . hand it to Haley . haley ( read ) ' Haley Graham be not only one of the most talented gymnast I have ever work with , she be one of the most inspiring . while the situation surround Haley 's arrival at my facility be not ideal , she have earn my respect and admiration . she be welcome to return , but Haley be quite capable of decide what be best for she , and I would encourage the court to include she perspective in its decision . sincerely , burt vickerman . ' ( to judge ) but I be just a kid . judge westreich and a good one , apparently . despite you best attempt to prove otherwise . the judge wink . Haley be stunne and move . somebody , finally , get she . judge westreich Officer Ferguson call and let I know they would love to have you . and Mr. vickerman would not mind see you again if that 's what you want . haley I '' not sure what I want . judge westreich there be quite a few college that would be willing to help you find out , free of charge . in exchange for a flip or two . Haley nod , then stare at the judge . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 78 . judge westreich that 's it . you be free . haley but I be not eighteen yet -- judge westreich I say go to college . get a scholarship . be good . it sound like you might be build for it . Haley walk out of the judge 's Chambers , relieved . she 's stare at the fax when the judge open the door again . judge westreich some of the great people I know have jerk for parent . ( winking ) we ' have get to stick together . off Haley 's look of gratitude and smile , we CUT to int . front door - later a front door open . Haley be stand behind it . she take deep breath . haley I want you to know , that you be allow to be mad at I for all the stuff I do - crash through the window , stunt I pull or the time we fight , or whatever - you ican hate I for that . reverse reveal Haley 's father , stand there , stunne . haley and if you do hate I for all that , I be apologize and say I '' sorry for that stuff . I be so sorry . but you can not be mad at I for something I do not do . it 's not fair . I do not know what Mom be do . okay ? brice nod slightly . grateful . haley I just want you to know that . a stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 79 . and with that , Haley walk away . no hug , no tear ... leave she father stand there in the doorway , watch she leave . he give a look that say in he own shut - down way , he appreciate it . brice . Haley ? I be sorry you do not come with a manual . ( he smile sadly ) do not be a stranger , okay ? he watch she before shutting the door . int . franks truck - moment later Haley open the door and climb into the truck , poot and Frank look sheepish . Haley smell something and stop . haley ohmigod , that 's inhuman . they burst out laugh . she get in the truck and roll down the window , stick she head out like a dog . poot what do he say ? haley not much . poot not much ? you dad 's a jerk . ; haley ' Nah . he just hurt . poot yeah , what 's you Mom 's excuse ? haley her , too , I guess . frank ( very sad ) what about I ? I hurt . and with that a sbdf send poot and Haley 's head out the window like dog for air . Frank be pleased with himself . haley / poot nasty ! / rude , dude ! stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 80 . and the truck take off out of the suburban development , Haley 's hair fly in the wind . int . vga dorm - tv room ecu tv screen : espn present : 2005 friendship cup a announcer do v.o. to baby footage of Haley compete . espn announcer Haley Graham 's last appearance at world be two year ago , where a very private malt - down precipitate a notorious downfall that be not just personal . it be national . footage of haley scream at coach CHRIS defrank and official . her scream become cry . it be ugly . espn announcer after a technical committee ban she floor exercise music , Haley Graham scratch , leave team USA in the lurch and without the gold they be one rotation away from claim as they own . no one will forget the image of veteran tricia skilken ; cry as she dream of gold ... disappear . footage of a distraught tricia skilken throw she grip and ery at world , be comfort by she stunned teammate . i espn announcer at 22 , tricia will attempt to make one last World team and win the international medal that have elude she . footage of haley walk out of the friendship Cup , sobbing . espn announcer will the former junior national champion and gymnastics wild child call it quit for good ? or will this rival settle the score once and for all ? footage of haley' beam routine , complete with cry . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 81 . reverse Pov : mina , wei wei , lacey and joanne all glue to the set . reveal Haley behind they , listen , and tiptoeing off before they see she . int . elite gym . Haley walk in . vickerman be work with Devon , really work with she on tramp . vickerman - tighter on the second twist , dev , you be open up too soon . that 's it , snap and glue you arm . Nice . Devon keep bounce and throw beautiful two and a half as Haley approach . vick look up from the trampoline , resist the urge to sigh or show relief . a long beat of unspoken understanding . haley you get through a entire letter without use the word ' gold . 's they share a long look of understanding . forgiveness . vickerman it be tough . I be really sorry you find out about we deal the way you do . I figure if you be go to be a loose cannon , the cash would cover the repair . i haley I '' almost eighteen , and I can not be here if you be take he money . vickerman we will figure it out . you spot be more than cover if you still want to train here . haley what 's the catch ? vickerman no catch . maybe work some summer camp . and I would not hate it if you come to national with we . haley what ? so you can go to world ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 82. oo vickerman we all know you will bail before world . ( smile ) besides , no one think you can make the world team . no one but I . haley you be high on chalk . vickerman I '' serious . the other elite enter the gym for workout in the b.g. , they rush up to Haley to hug she . mina / wei wei Haley ! / Haley I '' sorry ! haley i‘1l stay on one condition . vickerman oh , goody ! I can not wait to hear this . do it involve you @ and ... self - impose silence ? haley you have to get back on the tramp . that 's not gonna happen . haley do not you guy wanna see vick do a ; layout ? they look at Haley like she 's crazy . so do vick . mina he 's way too , like , old . wei wei he will , like , break a hip . haley I all stay for national if you get up there and do a layout . it 's you call . vickerman be consider it . Haley wave the girl over . wa * stick it -— 2b 02/11/2005 83. haley / girl ( chant ) vick , vick , vick , vick , vick , vick , vick , vick ! vickerman climb on the tramp , get he bearing . after a beat , he start jump up and down , gain confidence . on the girl , cheer he on and laugh . haley / girl layout ! layout ! layout ! layout ! cue chariot of FIRE - esque music as time slow down with vick joyfully move through the air , higher and higher , liberated and remember why he love this sport . on the girl , giddy with this uncharacteristic act . on vick , set himself up for he layout and fly beautifully , gracefully into the air ... and completely out of frame , accompany by a disturbing crunch . on the girl , cover they mouth in horror ( and secret delight ! ) . on vick , pop he head up from a adjacent foam pit . vickerman call 911 . on mina run towards a phone as the rest of the girl run to vick and we cut to -- ext . elite 's gym ambulance light dot the horizon . the girl regroup . mina Haley , I be so sorry I yell at you ! we do not know you life suck so hard ! haley no worry . I want you to meet the anti-suck . poot and Frank stroll in . stick tt - 2b 02/11/2005 84 , poot lady . this be Frank and I '' poot , and we will be you host for the evening . the girl all perk up and get excitedly - self - conscious by the intrusion of poot and Frank . they be amaze and slack -jaw . frank scrape up you penny and puil up you panty , we be go out ! they race out , leave lacey and Devon stand there . frank come on . they stare at he , wide - eye . shake they head , no way . frank can you speak ? they shake they head , no . frank can you do anything besides gymnastics ? lacey and Devon share a long look with each other . they turn back to Frank and shake they head , emphatically ...no. int . mall - food court - later Haley , joanne , mina and wei wei be pig out on bad food : ice cream , fast food , junk food . they be in heaven . int . mall ~ arcade on dance dance revolution poot and Frank spaz it out . joanne kind of moon nearby , delicately nibble on a french fry . poot playfully shove they in she face . she like it . Haley trade place with Frank and jump on the game . poot loser get a make-over . haley deal . they start wail on ddr as we cut to stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 85 . int . department store - make - up counter poot be sit on a chair . haley . loser get a make-over . Haley whisper to the make - up lady . time-lapse as the chair spin around : poot have a ton of hair clip in he hair , and be cover in glitter eye makeup . poot check he look and turn seriously to the make - up lady . poot two of everything , please . poot rise , and get serious . poot I be just kid . four of everything . int . department store - prom dress section joanne grab a prom dress and go to the dress room . Haley , mina and wei wei also grab dress . moment later joanne be modeling she dress . out of nowhere , Haley , mina and wei wei start flip flopping through frame - tumble in they big poofy dress . minute later , poot and Frank , now in dress , cartwheel badly through frame . joanne 's buy she dress , apologize to the apathetic sale associate . joanne sorry about they . sale associate ( monotone ) why ? it 's hilarious . poot jump up and sit on the counter in he dress . poot why be you buy a dress ? joanne ( smile ) Cause you be take I to you prom . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 86 . poot eww . ext . highway - night Frank 's truck blow through frame , a arm thrust joanne 's new prom dress out the window . a real scream from joanne before it 's quickly pull back inside . kid . for once . int . dorm - night Haley sleep . poot and Frank on the floor , snore . int . elite gym - next day workout . elite do they training ritual , vickerman focus on Devon and lacey , while fidget with he sling . the other girl seem goofy . they be not focus , and should be prepping for national . vick be displease . vickerman I should not have to remind you that only the top three earn automatic berth for world . ( beat ) read . my. mind. lady . the girl try and look serious . joanne be in lala land . vickerman joanne . get over here . lot joanne laze over , giggle at something . poot be make face and do comedy behind vick , hide in a-foam pit . then he take off . joanne 's eye follow he . vickerman do not get cocky on I , joanne . you be not guarantee a spot . joanne I know . I will be ready for prom , do not worry . vickerman what be you talk about ? joanne I all be ready . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 87 . joanne run past a stunne vick and up to the view deck . int . viewing deck some parent sit upstairs . poot and Frank wave goodbye to the girl ... from the deck . ext . gym parking lot joanne rush Haley escort poot and Frank to the truck . joanne poot ! we have a lot to review ! poot we do ? haley ( roll she eye ) bye , guy . I be out . Haley bail leave poot 's flummox , a little embarrassed about what 's go on . joanne when be you pick I up ? and you better get I a corsage . frank ( to poot ) be you kid I ? she 's a bitch . joanne isistunn . this be shocking news . joanne what ? frank you hear I . I do not like how you act around Haley be all . poot what Frank be say be , it would be my honor . joanne you think I '' a bitch ? poot yeah , but I do not have the problem with it that Frank do . ( more ) stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 ge. poot ( cont would ) a ( to Frank ) ' J what 's a corsage ? int . viewing deck - moment later joanne waltze in , happier than we nve see she . Haley 's grab some water . vick be signing for a delivery . joanne I be go to pro-om , I be go to pro-om . joanne 's mother be smile with the glee of a sadist . mrs . charis honey , we do not move from wichita so you could go to prom . we move 50 you could go to the Olympic . Haley make a face of repulsion . vickerman Mrs. charis -- mrs . charis @ ( wait finger in he face ) not yet . mrs. charis ( to joanne ) you be a twenty - four-hour gymnast . not part-time . full-time . and we have a agreement that you have agree to honor . you be not go sto prom . end of discussion . joanne be visibly upset . vickerman joanne 's a lovely gymnast , but she 's never go to make the Olympic team . mrs . charis the only reason we be here be because we agree she would be go to the Olympic . on haley , curious to see vick 's reaction . on vick , look at Haley . on joanne , look at vick . on other mom in the ea b.g. , wait to see what vick will say . on mrs . charis , ial annoyed . vick take a deep breath . it 's time to come clean . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 89 . y C ) vickerman I lie . vickerman survey the room . from the look on parent face , he 's go to lose some business . vickerman and lie to you so they can keep do what they love have just be part of the deal . you want to hear that you kid be special . and they be . and maybe they will go to the Olympic . maybe they will . but not tell you '' maybe '' be kill I . and I guess I get so sick of the chalk and so sick of the white lie that I forget I be a human be and not a human chalk outline . vickerman so , I be do . TI will not appeal to you vanity so you can tan in they reflect glory . ( to Mrs. charis ) @ if you want joanne to make the Olympic team ? move to Finland . Mrs. charis officially explode . a ten point 0 . mrs . charis we will take she somewhere else . vickerman ifine . joanne national be a minute away ! where we gonna go ? mrs . charis I ' 1l train you . haley I think you want she to win . joannne look horrify . Mrs. charis calmly collect she bag and look at joanne as if to say , '' we be leave . '' vickerman > ( to joanne ) = joanne . you be more than welcome to stay . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 90 . joanne hold she ground refuse to move . Mrs. charis leave , furious . int . elite gym - vault runway mina and wei wei be work tumble pass side by side on the vault runway . joanne return , piss . joanne why be you do that ? mina because it 's fun ? let 's do round - off , whipback , handspring into a double - pi. on joanne watch the duo tumble in sync . joanne you toe be not point . you look like power tumble freak . mina do not hate on my fuel - injection . joanne you can not go to the Olympic for power tumble , mina . mina you can not go to the Olympic for rude and that 's not stop you . ' joanne apparently , I can not go to the Olympic . period . haley if you be bum at vick , fine . but do not take it out on they . joanne this be not about what vick say ! he 's right . ( still reeling ) you friend Frank call I a bitch . haley joanne . if you do not want people to think you be a bitch , do not be a bitch . it 's kinda straightforward . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 91 . for ) wy joanne ( freaking out ) I just want to go to prom ! they do not give out tiaras at national ! haley . joanne . if you act normal around poot , he will take you out . joanne what 's that suppose to mean ? haley life be not a routine you have to do perfectly for a audience . joanne roll she eye at Haley , aghast and serious . joanne yes . it. is. dorrie enter with a big box . dorrie New leo and sweat be here . o ( interrupt ) Haley , what floor music be you use ? something pretty , I hope . haley I be consider perform to silence . it will be super pretty . joanne be freaking out look in the box . cn joanne this do not match ! vickerman that 's the point . joanne what ? what be happen ? ( sit down ) I need to sit down . dorrie Music , Haley . need to know . haley ) I know . do not worry about it . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 . 92 . Haley look at vickerman , who be not listen , but be watch Devon and lacey , who be rock they trick . vickerman ( really pleased ) yeah , dorrie , we be good . do not worry . we be really , really good . Haley smile at vick . push in on vick , smile and nodd . he be content . the background speed up and we morph into ... int . national - anaheim convention CENTER high -speed cam : the podium assemble in the arena , equipment load into place . the signage lowering from the scaffold , announce the U.S. national gymnastics championship . high-speed continuing into podium workout as all the competitor get they shot to warm - up in the space without a audience . time slow down , as the judge , the audience and the media file in , take they place . at the arena floor entrance , we file past dozen of gymnast in they club sweatsuit wait to march into competition . we land on Haley . haleyn Pov : the brightly lit arena . haley ( v.0 . ) I always think it would be way better if competitor wear they i feeling on they jacket instead of the name of they club . angle on gymnast , filing in . close on back of jacket . haley ( v.0 . ) hungry . suck on bar . hate my coach . miss my family . that 's what I want to see . who care what club you train at , but what be you about ? that 's useful . Haley 's now walk towards we , the camera hinge on she revealing the back of she jacket , read : conflicted haley ( v.0 . ) I know my jacket would have a lot to say . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 93 . and then the word change : rebellious ; nervous ; homesick ; skeptical ; irritate ; excite . Haley turn around , smile to herself about be there . when she smile slo - moas into a ' oh-shit-not - this 's look . reverse Pov : the legendary tricia skilken ( 22 ) walk towards Haley , slice past she like a razor . on tricia' jacket as she blow by Haley . the word flash into a sentence : haley graham screwed I over at world and all I got be this crappy jacket . back with haley as time and jacket return to normal . on vickerman , who clocked the exchange . he check she forhead for fever before give she a reassure nod as we CUT to int . PRESS desk - arena bart connor make the call for espn . bart connor the favorite have get to be four - time national and world team member , tricia skilken . tricia have yet to medal on international soil , and be hope to make she fifth World team at this championship . pan to tim daggett and elfie schlagel . tim daggett fi two year hiatus be a fantasy in the short career of a gymnast . but Haley Graham be look to turn that fantasy into reality at this championship , elfie . elfie .schlagel we have some exciting newcomer debute some unprecedented difficulty here tonight , Tim . int . vault waiting area tricia be intentionally psyching Haley out . Haley take a deep breath . tricia cross she arm . — stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 94 , haley look , tricia . I do not mean to wreck you world . ( really try ) my family be ... disintegrate ... and I want you to know I be really sorry it affect you . I send you a note . apologize . ( know it sound lame ) I do not know if you get it or not . tricia stare at she with hatred and walk away . Haley 's flustered , return to she bag and plopping on the floor in the athlete 's area , nervously taping she ankle , look at something between she foot . haley ‘s Pov : her gameboy be between she tape foot , she big toe press the button . we zoom into the screen , which morph into a image of Haley salute for she bar routine . haley ( v.0 . ) when I get nervous , I have a ritual . I just look at the judge . ( beat ) and I picture they , in that ugly blazer , try to do what T can do . a middle - aged female judge salutes on the floor exercise and begin a routine . she 's go for it when she pants rip . she stop , horrify , and tiptoe off , cover she rear end . on bar , another judge slap on some chalk , cover she blue blazer in white dust . a older judge help she prep the bar , spraying bar with the water sprayer . % the judge salutes , run to do a springboard mount onto the unevens . she catch she shoe - clad foot on the bottom bar , do a colossal face plant into the mat . reverse on gymnast , calculate and write down she score . tight on a male judge cry . the camera spin , revealing the terrify judge hang under the balance beam , leg and arm clutching for dear life . letting go , he fall out of frame with a thud and a ow . on vault , a really old judge run down the vault runway , do a nice round - off entry . jump CUT and the judge 's body be now a dummy , which fly violently off the vault , over the landing foam , and into the bleacher . @ stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 95 . haley ( v.0 . ) whatever you do do not picture they naked . it 's really gross . int . vault rotation judge panel . a irate vickerman be protest mina 's score . vickerman where 's this deduction come from ? head vault judge her bra strap pop out . it 's a automatic deduction if a undergarment be show . vickerman she be twist through the air at high speed - of course she bra pop out ! that rule be ancient ! head vault judge just like she bra . Haley overhear this as she 's prepping for vault . vickerman ( to gymnast ) you bra be stick out . ( disbely , to anyone ) one tenth off because she bra be stick out ! mina nlook down ) but I do not even have boob ! all the competitor frantically check bra strap . Haley shake she head , enraged . vickerman adjust she beat-board . haley I have never even hear of that ! on haley , go up to the vault runway . furious . GREEN light . she salute , before pull she bra strap out so it show . on vickerman , enjoy she spunk with a big nod of approval . on haley , pause before pull the other strap out . on the judge , look at she and mark it down . stick it - 28 02/11/2005 96 . haley ( be : strap ) it 's part of my routine . on haleyn scorecard , the stenography for the deduction get mark on each of the four card . on haley , who do she vault . perfectly . stuck landing . as she raise she arm , she do something unusual . on young audience member , register shock and then delight . on haley' hand , do the heavy metal salute as she salute . wider as Haley smile , vick meet she as she exit . vickerman Nice stick . next time you should stick out you tongue , too . haley good idea . you should consider coach . the next competitor head up to vault . she thumb out she bra strap at Haley in solidarity before tucking it back in . int . uneven parallel bar podium / waiting area montage of grip bag : the innard of each competitor grip ritual break down to it 's various , peculiar part . montage of routine : the symphony of chalk and air . emotional montage : the face of competitor reacting to they score - happy , cry , hurt , ecstatic ... and as we land on wei wei ... shocked . Haley throw she grip . on wei wei be score : 9.375 boos can be hear throughout the arena . vick be livid . haley vick ! do not let they do this . stand up . vickerman smack down be more like it . vick stomp over to the head unevens judge at the table . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 97 . vickerman what be you do ? her routine have a ten point 0 start value ! where no you find that deduction ? on the floor ? head unevens judge we have decide the release be a D value , not a E . her start value be nine point eight . not a ten . vickerman but it already be a E . it already be a E in you code of point ! head unevens judge in the Men 's code of point . vickerman the strength require for that move from a young woman should increase its 's difficulty , not decrease it . head unevens judge this be woman 's gymnastics . vickerman this be totally scrunch up . head unevens judge maybe you should not have assume anything . perhaps you should have clear this with a official before the competition . . att dorrie pull vickerman away before he 's ban . tim daggett ( 0.s. ) ( indignant ) due to a controversial devalue , wei wei yong - one of America 's brightest newcomer - May not see international competition for another year . on haley and wei wei , as Haley 's do some consol . haley I be sorry , wei wei . if you do not go to world this year , you will next year . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 98 . o wei wei I love you , Haley . wei wei hug Haley so hard she be catch off guard . wei wei . at least I qualified for event final . maybe I can medal on bar tomorrow . on haley , nodd , think of something . haley do mina make event final ? wei wei yeah , on vault and floor . joanne on bar and vault . haley tricia skilken ? wei wei she qualified as a alternate , TI think . Devon and lacey place top o five all - around . on devon and lacey , get hug from they family . haley what about I ? wel wei you do not know ? 4 haley what ? wei wei yeah , you qualified for event final . {unreal ) on everything . as the girl MARCH out , we hang on tim daggett interview vickerman . a line of media want quote and interview . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 99 . int . banquet hall - night National championship Elite banquet . the all - around decide , the tough stuff be over and the banquet . feature official , coach and parent get drunk . the.girls be bored , and still have to compete tomorrow . Haley be fume . vickerman be get lot of prop from fellow coaches and parent , but Haley can not get past it . stare down the judge and official . vickerman hey , grindy , how 's that axe ? Haley 's distract . Ivan and dorrie dance drunkenly . haley it 's like today never happen . it 's like gross and vomit get marry . JI can not take it ! on haley find and tapping wei wei on the shoulder . jump cut of certain gymnast get shoulder - tapped . int . HOTEL restroom - moment later fifteen gymnast - joanne , wei wei and mina amongst they - be cramme into a hotel lady room with two stall . Haley pull a chair in front of the door . fun with size contrast : there size versus the paper towel ; everything look bigger ; there voice be squeaky and high . - at haley be all the girl from tomorrow 's event final here ? block the door and sit on it . tiny mina squat on the chair like a fu Dog . haley be anybody else completely over the scoring today ? the girl moan slightly . haley be anyone else over people who can not do forward roll tell we how to do trick they will never be able to do ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 100 . this get some reaction . haley tomorrow do not matter . event final will not affect the World team selection at all . and I just think we should use it . joanne Haley . some of we need to rest . what 's you point ? haley I think it 's time to make a point . it 's time for we to control the result . rita how ? haley we choose the winner on each event . rita that 's like fix . joanne it 's like break ! it 's not break ! why be we break it ? haley it be break . it 's totally break ! we could decide who be the best and most innovative on each apparatus . v joanne we be never go to be able to agree on that ! haley who here see wei wei on bar today ? or gloria javier ? hand up . haley can anybody here say they be not the two best ? by far ? joanne hey , I be suppose to compete on bar , Haley ! my parent be expect I to medal . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 101. od gloria Big deal . so be mine . haley and Beth holtan be the best on beam and we have never see she on * broadcast cause she get deduct for do original stuff and never place top three . she have to water down she routine just to make event final , right ? beth true . haley who 's best on floor ? group you/mina/mina/you. mina smile . joanne I do not know about you guy , but I '' do not want to tee anyone off . and this will tee everyone off . the girl be not so sure . haley good ! who on vault ? girl irita . haley be I bananas or do anyone else agree with I ? mina and wei wei and gloria raise they hand . the other girl look scared . joanne take this as a good sign . rita I have gotta ask my coach . I can not -- I do not know what would happen . mina you can not ask you coach ! you can not tell anyone we nre do this , it have to be a surprise . the girl seem very unsure . pounding on door . {i wy stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 102. joanne guy ? no one have to do this . haley if you be in , follow my lead at March - in tomorrow . . wei wei what be you gonna do ? Haley give this some think and bite she lip . haley T do not know yet . int . arena - national event final - various music up : '' light , camera , action '' by Mr , cheek . the stage be be set : judge take they place , fan take they seat , and media get into position with they camera . on tim daggett and elfie schlagel , get mike and run through they open . off-stage , a official call out each finalist 's name as they get into a single file line for March - in . each gymnast stoically take she place in line , barely hide nerve . on haley , nervously fidget with she sweatsuit zipper . arena announcer lady and gentleman , please jwelcome this year 's National championship event finalist . each girl walk out , salutes the audience after her intro , and wait in line , waving to the crowd . uncertain look flash over they face . coach surveying the proceedings , and parent applaud . pan down line of gymnast , on mina , bite she lip , on wei wei , blink nervously , and on joanne , struggle . joanne this will permanently mark we , do not you think ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 103. haley it do not matter what I think , joanne . you gotta do what you think be right . as they turn to head towards the floorex mat , Haley stop . she take off she warm up jacket , throw it onto the floor . in the audience , quizzical look . in the judge panel , this be weird . between tim and elfie , a shrug . one by one , each finalist throw down she jacket until it get to joanne . on joanne , pause , see she mother in the stand . joanne throw hers in as well . int . vault rotation waiting area / podium - moment later Amy chalk up . prepping for she vault , she coach talk to she . tim daggett Amy be last year 's National Champion and current world bronze medalist on this event . Amy walk onto the podium , salute the judge and run . on haley and wei wei with a look : why be she vaulting ? 4 on the judge assess the run , pencil poise . on amy , assault the beatboard . time plays trick as she foot spring and she hand move towards the vault tongue . close on her hand as they lightly touch the vault , and she do a simple squat vault . on amy coach and parent , confuse then ballistic . on amy , try not to smile too hard . she descend the stair , the other event finalist cheer wildly . on scoreboard : 0.0 Amy move to Haley , whisper . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 104. amy vaulter if we be get zeroe , we might as well give they a show ? vault rotation montage : - annie , do a straddle vault and laugh hysterically . - mina do a super intense run , then stop short of the vault , touch the vault lightly and kick up she foot . vickerman what be that ? mina that be that . - haley prepping she vault . really lay it on . a round - off handspring back tuck that land on the beat board . she shrug with a '' what have I do ? '' look , touch the vault and exit . - on a meet director , rush vickerman . meet director be you behind this ? vickerman I '' not this smart . - joanne , look at her mom , who be piss . smiling , joanne do a modeling catwalk strut down the runway . tim daggett ( 0.s. ) she 's not chalking up , either . she ii walk down the runway . there be something very weird go on here today , elfie . elfie ( 0.8 . ) you can say that again . tim daggett ( 0.s. ) there be something very weird go on here today , elfie . on PRESS , act chaotic , try to figure out what 's go on . pan to tim daggett , realize the gymnast be implement the riskiest skill yet -- make a statement . joanneas score : 0.0 stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 105 . elfie five zeroe . this have never happen before . the crowd be buz with coach and parent freaking ! on rita , chalking up . spit in she hand with the nervous smile of someone who cannot believe what she 's about to do . rita 's coach appear flummox . all the event finalist be line up , cheering rita on . the coach step away , dismay . rita salute with deep calm and a genuine expression of pleasure . it 's the first time we have see anything like it on a competitor face . ; girl come on , rita ! stick it , rita ! {the audience be look down . on the edge of they seat , not sure what be happen . official scramble and yelling . tim daggett she be vaulting a tsukahara with a double pike . it have a 10.0 start value . elfie and she could do a simple handspring and win . interesting rotation . on haley & CO - bite they lip , so nervous for she . on judge , signal . 4 anatomy . vi 2 time and perspective shift ; inside , outside and around this impossible skill . in the floor , rita's feet pound over we . low angle floor , run with she . inside the beatboard , she foot slamm onto the spring . overhead on the vault tongue as she body spring off . ecu on her hand hit the vault and wider profile as hand impact and wider as she 's spinning through AIR . pure poetry . low angle as she foot near the floor , and high frame rate as she foot stick to the mat . like qlue . C ) stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 106 . on rita she face register the unbelievable suprise and relief that come with stick a insanely dangerous vault . on the gymnast , go bananas . on rita , pause that last second to shew the judge she get it , then raise she arm and hold she stick for a glorious moment . she turn and salute , wave to the crowd and shriek as she bop off the podium . tim daggett if she do not get a ten on this , there be no justice . on the judge , not look at each other . they feel the pressure , and be not quite sure of what just happen . on there pad , four glyph for a perfect tsuk pike . on the vaulting finalist , nervously await rita 's score . on the score : 10.0 on the finalist , hugging rita ecstatically ! the crowd and announcers go nut ! int . uneven parallel bar waiting area / podium - later on joanne salute . she touch the lower bar , salute again and walk away , thumbing she bra out in solidarity . three more scratch from gloria , rebecca and haley . i on the meet director , confer nervously with a group . rebecca and her coach be talk to they . on haley and wei wei , concerned . another scratch : from leslie . on wei wei , at the chalk bowl . vickerman be smirk . vickerman hey , wei wei . wei wei hey , vick . vickerman look like you be go to actually do a routine . imagine that ! ( more ) stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 107 . vickerman ( cont would ) we be at National championship in the event final and someone be actually go to compete ! it 's crazy ! wei weil since when have you care what I be up to ? vickerman since you make I look . wei wei chalk up . mrs . charis scream at joanne in b.g. vick be intercept by the angry meet director . meet director you wanna explain what 's go on ? be you plan on get control of you athlete ? vickerman with what , a remote ? if you be operate under the impression that we have any control over they , they might be dedicate this song to you , Tiger . meet director I have corporate sponsor down my throat and a network to answer to . and congratulation . you be about to have the new National bar champ . on judge , give wei wei the green light . on wei wei , salute as a kick ass track kick in . anatomy of a bar routine : a editorial philharmonic : atomic chalk dust ; trick time ; apparatus cam ; Pov 's and ecu' of every which wei wei . a festival of facial expression , hand , leg , speed , grace , amplitude and effort on this bitch of a apparatus . the routine be full of high - fly , full - twist release move . before she dismount she stop , stand on the high bar , pump she fist twice , then giant -swing into a double twist double back dismount . stuck cold . on the jumbotron , wei wei show ton of emotion . on tim and elfie , speechless . with stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 108. tim daggett I '' speechless , elfie . elfie we will re-record something later , Tim . : off they stunne and impressed expression we CUT to the waiting area as wei wei rush down to hug and goodwill from she competitor . on the scoreboard : 9.4 on vickerman , outrage . boos be hear from the audience . vick goad the head bar judge just for the hell of it . vickerman tell I something : how can you judge originality when you do not even know what it look like ? off the head bar judge 's tight smile we CUT to int . balance beam rotation waiting area the meet director 's block the stairwell to the podium . the six balance beam finalist stand there . meet director be you go to tell I who be go to compete and who be not ? a ) one by one , we pan across each of the six girl , as they cross they arm in defiance , refuse to speak . meet director you be not go to tell I , be you ? each girl give a emphatic ' no 's with she head . meet director because there be alternate who would like to compete . reverse reveal tricia skilken and two other gymnast , arm cross , stare down the girl . on the girl , look uneasy . especially Rebecca blank . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 109 . haley there 's nothing they can do . he 's cover he butt . the meet director look like he might cry , but think better of it . Rebecca bite she lip . int . beam podium - during warm - up - switch . on mina : GREEN light / salute / touch beam / salutes/0.0 on haley : GREEN light / salute / touch beam / salutes/0.0 int . beam podium waiting area - moment later as Haley descend the podium , mina frantically point to ... rebecca who be drop out , and switch place with tricia skilken . haley monkey bugger . beth what 's up ? tricia shoot Haley a evil smile and warm up . . haley tricia 's gonna compete . int . beam podium GREEN light go on . on tricia , salute . smiling beautifully . time plays trick through a classic , solid beam routine . there be no mistake . no bobble . no excitement . on beth and haley , confer on this change of plan . beth I do not have to go . I can scratch and we can still make we point . if I do the full - on routine she score will beat mine , for sure . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 110 . haley it 's you call . I wanna see you routine . on tricia 's dismount , there 's applause .. she salute like she 's get it in the bag . . on the judge , scribbling . on tricia , blow by the girl before stop , turn , and smirk at Beth and Haley . beth ( off smirk ) oh , I be so go . on tricia' score : 9.312 int . beam podium finalist be cheering in the b.g. , as a pump Beth ascend . anatomy of a beam routine : on beth , salute at the GREEN light . and like a missy Elliott video , she launch the most amazing hybrid of all time : a pop and lock , hip - hop beam routine . her breathing , heartbeat and body sound create she own personal soundtrack . use the circumference of the four-inch beam and go in direction that be unusual for this apparatus , Beth throw a dismount that 's more crouch Tiger than Carly Patterson . i on the judge , look uneasy . they be not sure how to evaluate this , but they be not allow to confer . a technical judge raise she hand , signal the head beam judge , who come over . they confer very animatedly . on beth , wave to a nutso crowd who be scream they head off . on tim and elfie , still flummox . elfie we can be - tim daggett - re-record it later , I know . on haley and finalist , wait for the score . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 1li. on the scoreboard : 8.8 on the crowd go ape shit , booing and hissing . ecu : jump cut of two consecutive hand touching the beam . int . floor exercise podium - warm up mina , Haley and the other floor finalist warming up tumble pass on floor . have fun . High - five all the way . Haley do a head -count . there be only five gymnast . mina someone scratch so tricia could go . again . here come tricia skilken , enter the floorex like a villain , step onto a corner of the mat for warm - up . on the girl , outrage . f- you , tricia ! tricia do a warm - up pass . so do Haley . vickerman move some landing mat onto the floor for Haley 's warm - up . vickerman I do not suppose this be you idea . haley it be more like a group effort . vickerman well , congratulation . you revolution will be televise . 4 {re : tricia ) I hope you be lock and load , cause it be show - down at the floor - ex corral . int . floor exercise podium brooke salute . step on the floor . and off . her music start anyway . she re-salute and march off with fierce determination within millisecond . scratch . jump cut of two more girl repeat the drill . three consecutive score of 0.0 stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 112. int . floor exercise waiting area - podium stair Haley shake she head to mina . haley . do not worry , you can totally beat whatever score tricia get . mina stop Haley as she be about to go on . the other three finalist stand behind she . mina no , I can not . do not scratch . haley what do you mean ? mina we all want you to go . haley but you be go . mina we wanna see the routine . I give they the metallica song . it 's cue up . we all vote . we want you . please ? on mina and company , nodd at she . on haley , nodd back ... touch . i haley if you say so . mina we say so , we say so ! Haley blow it out and shake it off , and go up the podium . as she 's head up , vickerman storm up to she . haley hey . be you mad at I ? vickerman shake he head as they turn and look to ... tricia , arm fold , hat on Haley big time . and vick stare tricia down before turn to Haley . vickerman she make I mad . you ? stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 113 . tight on vick , so proud of she , he 's choke up . can not speak . tight on haley , who feel how much he care ... fight tear . haley do not ! vickerman nod , barely contain the emotion . vickerman remember that time I say you be great once ? Haley nod , vickerman you really , really be . opull it together ) now , go kick she ass . vick give she a thumb up as she walk onto the podium with a last glance at tricia . and behind tricia , haley' mother , in the stand , stand , jump up and down and wave frantically with both arm . alice stick it , honey ! stick it ! on haley , who have to shake she head and grin as she step onto the podium and wait for she green light . and with it , she step onto a corner of the floor Exercise Mat . wide on the arena , everyone on the edge of they seat . Haley but a dot on the big , blue surface . 74 on judge , pencil poise . on haley , smile as the unmistakeable note of metallica 's ' enter sandman 's begin . close on haley' mom , alice , and CHRIS defrank in the stand . CHRIS defrank ucchh , not this music again . what be the deal with this song ? alice I think you know . Chris shake he head . alice it 's she father 's favorite song . stick if - 2b 02/11/2005 114. int . floor exercise podium - continuous anatomy _o. floor . rcise routine : back with haley , set up for she first tumble pass : a round - off , whipback , whipback , double - layout into a punch - front layout . insane . the crowd go crazy . tight on haley , do a series of flare across the diameter . in the waiting area , the other gymnast be stand on the chair to watch . vickerman look on proudly . Haley 's hit everything one hundred percent . it be hard - core tumble and innovation without the girly crap . she set up for she fourth and final tumble pass : a round - off , X -out , X - out , double -twist - double -back . and stick it . the music stop . haley 's breathing and heartbeat be thumping so loud it 's all we can hear . be the crowd silent ? haley ‘s Pov : the crowd be not respond . and then ... on its foot erupting into applause . Haley wave to the crowd in amazement and delight . int . floor exercise waiting area - moment later Haley rush off the podium and into the congratulation and arm of she fellow athlete . mina and wei wei be giddy . mina wang on , I have to go scratch ! mina rush ‘up onto the podium as the finalist congratulate Haley , wait for she score . on haley nos score : 9.1 boos from the arena . smile from Haley . High fives from mina , wei wei and the other event finalist . on tricia , walk up to the podium . on the judge , give the green light . on tricia , salute and step onto the mat and get into position . on the other , sighing from disappointment . C stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 115. mina maybe she 'il eat mat . on the crowd , wait for tricia 's music . on tricia , as the music start . she smile . salute . and step off the mat . on the girl , shocked !!! she 's play along !! music stop . on the judge , scribbling . on tricia , exite the podium , pass the girl with a smile before thumbing she bra strap out in solidarity - on trician score : 0.0 on tim and elfie , stunne . int . winners podium montage - various - later on rita , alone on the podium , receive gold . on wei wei , receive she gold medal and wave . on beth , receive she silver medal and watch tricia as she receive she gold medal . after a beat , tricia remove she medal , put it on Beth and walk off the podium with a thumb up . on Beth , delighted with she double necklace , wave animatedly to the crowd . on haley , receive she gold with she trouble - maker grin , loving every moment of it , look at she medal in disbelief . a ) haley ( v.0 . ) as I get my totally fake first - place medal , I realize that gymnastics be not there to judge I or diss I . only I could do that . it be not even about the judge or the parent or the coaches at all . it be about we . and for we . and that feel totally first - place real to I . as Haley wave , a group of girl wave back at she . one of that girl be tricia . stick it - 2b 02/11/2005 116. int . PRESS area - later as the athlete finish give comment , haleyn phone come to life . she answer and look at it , find joanne . haley it 's for you . on haley n's phone : a photo of poot hold a corsage for joanne . joanne grab the phone , excited . joanne poot . I want a pink corsage . ( off Haley 's look ) but white will work ! joanne give Haley a smile and a thumb - up while go to talk to poot in private . vick pull Haley away from media . vickerman Haley . I get some really bad news . haley what ? vickerman how much do you hate college gymnastics ? vickerman be hoid a stack of card from all the top NCAA school in the country -- ucla , Georgia , Stanford , Alabama . haley iI have decide not to hate thing I have not try . ( beat ) or I could just tell they to stick it . vickerman like you know how to stick it . haley my foot be glue ! vickerman to a high -speed bus -- on Haley and vickerman walk towards a throng of young fan with program wait for they new hero 's autograph . the end 4 % +e 4 of + 4 *