stigmata transcription by Barry shanley Jr. base upon the screenplay by Tom lazarus and Rick ramage a mgm release fade in : ext . belo quinto -- night set in : belo quinto -- southeast brazil the sun be set low over the long , curving river beside the church in belo Quinto . nearby , in the dark , we see a old Priest kneel , transcribe some hide document . he whisper the word in hushed tone as he transcribe they . call he father pablo alameida . he gently take a break and pray with he rosary , and press it against he forehead , close he eye . we see he wrist be bandage .... as he prayer echo , distort , we ... dissolve to : ext . church -- belo quinto -- day a large mob of devout religious native , some carry crucifix , some cry . as we move into the crowd we see numerous people carry a huge , lifelike size of the crucifixion . they chant eerily . we move swiftly through the crowd until we pick up pace with father andrew kiernan , late thirty , dark , attractive , as he move in and around the mob in a light windbreaker and a hand -held camera . he furrow he brow ... we see deform , invalid move through the crowd praying to Jesus , some beckone , kneel , almost delirious . we rise into the air as Father kiernan make he way into the church ..... int . church -- day kiernan walk in and see another large mass , not quite as large , gather around a coffin in the middle of the church . he move through the crowd up to a young priest . they speak in hushed tone , in Spanish . priest ( subtitled ) be you the investigator ? kiernan ( subtitled ) yes . priest ( subtitled ; sighing ) thank God you have come . kiernan ( subtitled ; look around ) who 's in charge ? priest ( subtitled ) Father alameida be ... he motion to the casket ...... swift pan over the casket of the eerie-look , decease corpse of father alameida . we recognize he from open shot , he eye close , he bandage arm cross over he chest . he be hold a black and white photo , he Bible , and he rosary . wwhoooooossssh . as Father kiernan look on , all the candle around he begin to thump out , a strong wind blow in . it 's immensely religious , all the member of the church knowingly cross themselves , chant under they breath . Father kiernan turn and see the main tourist attraction : stand only a matter of foot away from the casket of alameida , a strike white , arm in the air desperately , be the statue of the virgin of guadalupe . expressionless face , blank , albino eye , stand before the church like its savior . only one thing be strange and eerie ..... its eye be crying tear of blood , drip down the cheek and drip onto its dress . suddenly dove scatter , feather fly . kiernan set down a recorder . man ( o.s. ) ( subtitled ) look ! how much proof do you need ? flash ! kiernan be hold the camera up , snap a photo . a few mourner cross themselves , mindful of what he be do , shaking they head . the young Priest watch in confusion as Father kiernan move to the statue and take out a knife , press it against the indentation of the statue 's base , check for fraud . it 's solid stone . close up : a q-tip dip into a puddle of the wet blood . he place it in a small container for later examination . the young Priest step up beside kiernan . kiernan ( subtitled ) have the statue be remove from the church for any reason ? priest ( subtitled ) no . the people of the village love Father alameida . the statue only start cry on the day Father alameida die -- the day the dove come back . mourner ( o.s. ) ( subtitled ) that tear of the mother be the blood of Christ . kiernan turn and look into the mass . then turn as a wind sweep through the church again , blow the hood of he windbreaker up against the back of he head . he turn and see ..... more candle thump out as one . whoooosssh ! a flock of dove spring up out of nowhere behind the statue of the virgin , fly in all direction into the air . kiernan watch in surprise . kiernan ( subtitled ) I suggest you clear the church . I have to crate the statue up . a beat . priest ( subtitled ) crate it up ? kiernan ( subtitled ) yes . priest ( subtitled ) no , no . Father alameida would never have allow it .... kiernan glance back up at the statue . snap photo . tear continue to drip down the angelic cheek of the statue . the corpse of Father alameida rest in he casket , look haunt .... ........ a young peasant boy race up swiftly and grasp the rosary , scoops it into the palm of he little hand and race out .... ext . marketplace -- belo quinto -- day a american woman in she forty in shopping . the young boy with the rosary come up behind she , tap she . she turn and smile . boy ( subtitled ) ma'am ? this be Father alameida 's own rosary . the woman be in awe . she smile . she like it . a nearby seller shake he fist at the boy . man ( subtitled ) Lady , you really should not buy that . woman ( subtitled ) no , I like it . how much ? it 's a swift exchange . she hand he the money and he throw the rosary into she hand , race off . the seller shake he fist after the boy ... man ( subtitled ) you should not do that ! you be steal from the dead !! CUT to : close up of father kiernan in the church stare at something with a haunt look .... father alameida rest in he coffin , but something 's be shift . a force . suddenly the shot be beginning to cloud with thick , dillute blood . it begin to cover the shot and eventually envelope we as we .... CUT to : our film title : stigmata main title begin CUT to : various hyper insert of skyscraper to a rapid techno beat --- rapid descent onto a apartment building exit . a woman walk out , blonde , early twenty , frankie paige . she smoke a cigarette . in front of she as she stroll down the street full of pedestrian ... with she as she hand over a beer bottle to a thankful bum . she move on ..... with she as she be cut someone 's hair in a salon entitle othe cut ' . she laugh in conversation and turn to see : she friend , donna chadway , african -american , frankie 's age , also cut hair , laugh with she . with frankie now as she be in front of mirror , apply makeup and clothes . hyper insert on picture of holy cross , saint , praying lord , etc . we sweep toward frankie as main title continue and she lean forward , take one last look at herself in the mirror . she be beautiful . she step away from the mirror and we cut to : int . club -- night Strobe light dart back and forth as we approach the wall - to - wall mob of dancer and drinker . Quick - cut motion as frankie and donna move with they friend to a table and , laugh , sit down , smoking cigarettes and chugge down drink . frankie 's boyfriend , Steve , twenty , buff , lean forward and attempt to speak to frankie among the chaos . steven frankie , sweetheart . hey , frankie , let 's get out of here . I get work in the morning . I be trash . frankie ( lean forward ) you too tired to go home with I ?? steven hey , I might be tired but I be not dead . CUT to : a door open and the figure of frankie and steven walk into the doorway , sloppy drunk , collapse against the side of the doorway , laugh all the time . they move into the apartment building ... ....... into the elevator .... ..... frankie rise into shot and slip off she clothes , revealing she bra underneath . she and steven begin to make love . as they make love , hyper inster on the picture and painting of holy lord , praying saint , crucifixion , etc . the last credit roll as we move above the now sleep figure of frankie and steven . she be deep asleep , she eye and expression angelic , content . main title end . fade down fade in : int . frankie' apartment -- morning a thick silence in the air . we see the lone sleep figure of frankie . close up : she lip part gently as she slowly begin to stir . we roam through she apartment and then zoom toward she bed as -- --- the phone ring . she be startle awake , then look around for any sign of Steven : none . of course . she grab the phone on the bed table and lie back in bed . frankie hi mom . mother' voice how do you do that ? how do you know it be I ?? frankie of course it 's you . you be the most persistant ring I know ... mother' voice I just want to say hi while I be near a phone ... frankie where be you anyway ? mother' voice belo Quinto , near reo . it 's beautiful - bbzzz . a call on the other line . frankie Mom , hang on . I be get another call . she reach over and click to the other line . frankie hello ? steven' voice Bout time . where you be , baby ? frankie ( exasperate ) ha ha . I hate it when you do that . you could have at least say good - bye . steven' voice why ? frankie why ??? ( stun ) forget it . look , I get my mom on the other line . Long distance . I will see you tonight . steven' voice alright , see ya later . she click back over . frankie what ? mother' voice yeah . frankie hi , I be back . so how do you like reo ? mother' voice well , it be great . do you get my package ? frankie yeah , I get it yesterday . mother' voice what do you think ? do you like it ? do you open it yet ? frankie hang on . I be gonna switch phone . CUT to : int . kitchen -- moment later we see the foot of frankie wear large sandle as she make she way , whistling , to the table where the package read frankie paige sit . she pick it up , speak into the phone . frankie I be open it right now .. she open it at a table . be unamuse at a few little trinket . finally she come across the rosary . hold it up and then just as soon , she drop it back onto the table . frankie a necklace ... oh cool . mother' voice well , actually , it 's not a necklace . it 's a rosary . frankie where would you get it ? mother' voice a little village call belo Quinto . frankie reach into she microwave and remove a heat cup of coffee . frankie I do not even know you go there .. mother' voice I take a little side trip . what do you think of the present ? do you love they ? I be so glad I get a chance to talk to you . but I be go on my cruise and I will not get to talk to you for a month . frankie have fun . I love you . mother' voice I love you , sweety . click . frankie hang up and move back to the table with the rosary , glance down and see the minute detail of the cross . Christ stretch across with the nail drive through the palm and foot . she lift the cup of coffee to she lip and then back away . whoa . she begin to gag . she cover she mouth , as if sicken by a stench . she set down the cup and race out of the room -- ext . coffee joint -- day frankie move up to the outside bar with donna . donna ( order ) can I get two lottais . low fat . frankie no . just one , you know , I be ok . donna let I get a bacon and egg sandwich too . to go . the waiter nod and move off . donna turn to frankie . donna what 's up ? you be not eat today ? frankie I throw up this morning at the smell of tea . donna ( a beat ) you late ? frankie like a week . donna a week ? frankie I do not know . a few day . I feel weird . donna you be so dramatic . I think you be just psyching yourself out . frankie no , I feel like my heart want to go live in my stomach ..... she look at donna with a wide smile . they laugh . frankie no , really , what if I be bring a person into this world ? donna owhat if '?? you get option . donna bite into a bagel at a side basket and the waiter bring up she lattai . they continue to jive each other as they leave . frankie you know what ? I do not wanna talk about it . it 's make I cranky . let 's get we ass to work cause we be late . donna you be always late . there 's nothing new . ext . rome -- the vatican -- day a wide pan over the strike image of the vatican . ext . rome -- STREET -- day Father kiernan move down the street . nearby a flock of bird spread in a million direction . he move on .... ...... pass three prostitute , who notice he and approach he , flash some thigh and ass . prostitute ( subtitled ) have some fun ! ciao , bello . be you look for a good time ? kiernan ( subtitled ) that 's very kind of you . but no , thank you . prostitute ( subtitled ; in Spanish ) come on ! be a man ! Father kiernan pause and turn around to they , bare he Priest collar . the prostitute howl with laughter . prostitute ( subtitled ) no problem ! we will give you the vatican discount ! he smile widely and move on .... ....... into the traffic in front of the vatican . set in : vatican CITY CUT to : int . cardinal houseman' chamber -- day dull light , thick carpet . a dim environment . Father kiernan emerge into the room , walk up to the desk of cardinal houseman , who sit behind it . late fifty , eye pierce , gray hair . a bold cross necklace hang from he neck . a devout Catholic . cardinal houseman Father kiernan ! welcome back . kiernan smile and sit down in front of cardinal houseman 's desk . Father dario stand nearby , watch everything in silence . cardinal houseman open a file to reveal black and white photo of the bleeding statue of guadalupe . cardinal houseman this be interesting . what 's the trick ? kiernan to be honest , I do not know . cardinal houseman they probably make a fortune out of this . and what ... be this ? he hold up a photo of the statue . the color be different , almost reverse . kiernan that be infra-re photograph of tear . the statue be stone , therefore room temperature . and the tear show up as white because , well , because they be warm .... cardinal houseman ( dismissively ) warm tear ... kiernan yes . uh , my lab report and analysis confirm that the tear from the statue be not only warm but , human . cardinal houseman glance up at he . kiernan I know what you be think . but with all due respect Daniel , this be not a fake . it 's a free-stand mass of solid stone , and there be no scientific explanation . cardinal houseman Andrew , it 's my understanding you be send to Brazil to investigate the appearance of a virgin Mary on the side of a building . kiernan yes , well , while I be in San paelo I hear of this statue so I decide to go and investigate .. cardinal houseman and ...? kiernan and what ? cardinal houseman the face of the virgin Mary on the building ? kiernan it 's a oxidation stain . cause by rain water run down untreated side wall . cause a optical illusion of a veile woman ... cardinal houseman good . we will consider the matter close then . Father dario have you next assignment . kiernan I be hope you would send I back to , uh ....to belo Quinto . cardinal houseman why ? kiernan because I need to do some more test on the statue . cardinal houseman ( a beat ) you be tell I you leave the statue in belo Quinto ? kiernan yes . I be go to bring it back , obviously , but when I see the effect it have on the people , it 's amazing . it 's almost like it 's become a cornerstone of they faith . cardinal houseman ( exasperate ) Andrew , cornerstone of they faith be the Church . not a cry statue . when you be in the field you be a representative of the Catholic church . and the congregation of the cause of the Saints . kiernan yes , I be very well aware of that . but I be also a scientist and I observe the fact . and the fact be that this statue have tear of blood . cardinal houseman rise and pace around the room . cardinal houseman in that case , you know the policy . the statue be bring back to the vatican and we conduct expert test . geologist , engineer , medical examiner . we have examine 50 to 60 cry statue in the last twelve month . not a single one of they have turn out ... kiernan yes , I be very well aware of that . but I just want you to know that in my opinion , I think , that this be different . cardinal houseman move to a huge map on the wall and stare with he hand behind he back . cardinal houseman I be not go to allow you to go back to Brazil . we will get a geologist down there and if he see fit we will get the statue send back for further test . brother dario , get I all the information you can on this church in belo Quinto , would you ? thank you , Andrew . kiernan thank you . seat , Father kiernan look unwillingly defeat . he rise and leave in a funk . dario I have never see he this way before . cardinal houseman move to the desk and sit down . cardinal houseman Andrew 's problem be he can not decide whether he 's a scientist or a priest . ext . CITY STREET -- pennsylvania -- night donna 's car zoom to the side of the street , in front of the apartment . donna' voice frankie , come on . you be gonna drive yourself crazy . if you be worried about be pregnant why do not we go to the store right now and get a test . frankie' voice no . let 's give it a couple day . the car stop and frankie step out . donna' voice be you sure ? frankie stop mother I . yes . I be fine . donna' voice alright girlfriend . I will call you later . frankie ok . bye. drive safe ... she slam the door and donna drive off . above and descending on frankie as she walk into she apartment building .... int . frankie' apartment -- bathroom -- night she be in the bathtub , candle all around . she stare off , deep in troubled think . she reach over and grab a apple . bite into it and set it back down . stare off . she doze and let herself sink down into the calm , soothing water . her face slowly sink .... ....... her image blur and split in two , the water slightly tremble with a force ... a pan underwater of she body ..... close up : her belly button as she hand appear and gently touch it ... donna ( v.o. ) late ? frankie ( v.o. ) like a week . donna ( v.o. ) you be always late . there 's nothing new . close up : her face as she hair drift out around she and she be relaxed .... frankie ( v.o. ) what if I be bring a person into this world ? donna ( v.o. ) frankie , you get option . she sink down into the water .... ...... wwhhooossshh !!! a powerful noise make she jolt out of the water with a start : a dove fly across the small bathroom , gracefully landing above she , look down at she .... frankie sit up in the tub , confuse and startle . she continue to stare at the dove , who stare back and then flitter off ..... a single feather fall into the water in front of frankie . she furrow she brow and pick it up , examine it .... bang ! a stronger and more malevolent force knock she back into the water with a throttle yelp ! blurred , frantic image of frankie struggle -- --- she foot smashes into the faucet of the tub , send it smashing to the floor , water spraying out of the open tube . frankie continue to flail against the unseen force ... image of a nail be drive through a wrist ca-chang ! frankie wince , scream ! another image of the nail be drive through another wrist with a metallic ca-chank ! frankie wince again , she scream muffle by the water . we notice drop of blood spill out and cloud into the water . image of a nail be drive deeper into flesh -- ca-chank ! chank ! finally frankie sit up in the tub , she wrist hold out in front of she : a gash in each wrist , bloody . Gore drip down she arm . she be too horrify even to scream . smash cut to : ext . CITY STREET -- night as the ambulance drive wildly through the drizzle and traffic -- int . hospital -- night frankie be wheeled in on a gurney by a mob of doctor , frantically racing to a er room . frankie be lie on the gurney , blood cover she clothes . her eye stare unflinch above she , she 's numb to everything . in shock . we hear donna try to get in to see frankie . a doctor restrain she . donna' voice somebody need to tell I what 's go on . frankie , can you hear I ? I be right here with you . I do not understand why there 's so much blood ... the doctor try frantically to pump some life into frankie . her vital sign be wild , thump - thumping to different degree . suddenly frankie paige sit bolt upright and let out a wailed scream that echoe through the er room . donna turn . doctor and nurse turn . frankie stop and then go limp again , fall back down onto the support of the gurney . nurse .... blood pressure be back to normal ... frankie 's vital sign be calm . she blink , as if something have pass ; leave she . she sit up , startle , hand out in defense . Dr. reston , thirty , pretty , console she . frankie who be you ? reston I be Dr. reston . do you know what you name be ? frankie ( look around ) what happen ? reston you be in the emergency room . you be find unconscious in you apartment . do you remember anything ? Dr. reston reach forward and take the bandage off of one of frankie 's wrist . blood flow out way too easily , gush all over everything . frankie just stare curiously . reston oh jesus. ( Calling ) can I get some help over here ? we have a very deep laceration here ! oh my God , it 's go right through . frankie just watch she blood flow out . nearby , donna be restrain by a doctor . doctor you can not go in there . donna please , Doctor . I just want to know what 's ... go on ... with she ... doctor please have a seat . thank you . CUT to : int . er room -- later frankie 's wrist be bandage and she be sit up in bed . Dr. reston be sit beside she , deeply engross in study the wound . reston this be puncture wound , frankie . cause by the entry of a sharp object . be you in any pain ? frankie no . that 's weird , be not it ? reston ( be the wound ) wow , will you look at that ? it only bleed when I touch it . frankie then maybe you should not touch it . reston ( astounded ) this wound be identical ; same size , same shape . she miss the main artery by less than a centimeter . frankie you keep say oshe ' , but I do not do this . Dr. reston smile and say cheerily , almost as if to a mental patient , reston what 's happen in you life , frankie ? you have a lot of stress at work ? frankie ( Rye ) I cut hair . reston any trouble with a significant other ? frankie ye-e . reston and that be ? frankie ( a beat ) I be not very significant . look , how long be this gonna take ? I wanna go home . reston oh , I think you should stay here for at least twenty four hour . we need to get a handle on this . frankie ( sharp ) there 's nothing to get a handle on . reston frankie , I be not gonna kid you . with wound like this it 's pretty obvious that they be self - inflicted . a stunne beat . frankie look at she . frankie you think I do this ?? Dr. reston give she a look . yes . frankie it would never happen . I love be I . ask anyone . int . frankie' apartment -- bathroom -- night it 's a mess . object topple over , the floor flood with bloody water . we move to the tub that be now filled to the brim with water . frankie watch helplessly , tear come to she eye . donna' voice frankie , turn the light off , honey , and come to bed . frankie turn to donna who be in the bedroom . frankie stand in the open doorway . finally she turn off the light and move to the bedroom . in the bedroom frankie curl under the cover , next to donna . they lie in silence . donna do you smell flower in here or something ? frankie no . donna like jasmine or hyacinth or something .... frankie ( shake she head ) I do not smell anything .... a beat . they lie in silence . donna look at she , concerned . donna mmmm , do you need anything ? frankie no . donna good-night . frankie roll over on she side . frankie good-night . water continue to drip down onto the table beside the bed . drip. drip . splashes in a tiny puddle . suddenly one of the drop reverse in a swift , blink - of - the - eye moment . frankie do not notice . CUT to : ext . rome -- the vatican -- sunset a strike building against the gold set sun ... int . vatican -- office -- sunset a guard look up from he desk as the door open and Father kiernan step in . they nod in greeting . kiernan ( subtitled ) hello . I be here to see brother delmonico . guard ( subtitled ) you have get to sign in . kiernan ( subtitled ) I will only be five minute . guard ( subtitled ) everyone have to sign in . kiernan sign the book on the desk and move on ... ..... into the main office full of desk , lamp , book . a large wooden staircase behind the floor full of desk , lead to another level . kiernan walk up to a nearby desk and greet the elderly priest who be sit before a volume of page . call he brother delmonico , late sixty , gray , naturally friendly . brother delmonico ( heavy accent ) welcome back , Andrew . he stand , shaking kiernan 's hand . CUT to : close up : wine be pour into a wine glass brother delmonico's voice God be good ... back to scene brother delmonico be seat and Father kiernan move around to the side of the desk as they speak . brother delmonico so how be belo Quinto ? kiernan how do you know about belo Quinto ? I be send to San pailo ... brother delmonico ( smiling ) God life here , remember . we know everything . kiernan chuckle . kiernan yes , I forget . brother delmonico how be you do , Andrew ? kiernan shake he head , close he eye . kiernan I do not know , I do not know ...... I travel around the world investigate miracle , and then I disprove they . the real miracle be that anyone believe anything . I do not know what I be do , to tell you the truth . brother delmonico none of we know what we be do . kiernan 's eye drift down to the volume of page before brother delmonico . he be curious . kiernan so what be you work on ? brother delmonico I have no idea . kiernan how can you translate something if you have no idea ? he close the book as kiernan stroll around the desk . brother delmonico I be a linguist , Andrew . I translate word , not they relevance . but this one be a second century gospel . kiernan how many be that you be up to ? brother delmonico I help translate about fifteen . that only leave twenty still to go . kiernan so there be what , thirty - five gospel ? brother delmonico everyone have a different experience of Jesus . so they all write different storey . see , all the gospel , they be , interpretation . memories , dream , reflection . kiernan and there 's no one gospel in Jesus ' actual word ? brother delmonico we be all blind man in a cave . look for a candle that be light two thousand year ago . kiernan so what 's in the text ? brother delmonico I be only give every third page . kiernan why ? brother delmonico the most sensitive document be always divide into three among we . one third to the dominican , one third to the fransiscan , and one third to we jesuit . the truth of any document be only know to ... a very powerful few . kiernan that 's typical of this place , be not it ? brother delmonico we live in a highly competitive world , Andrew . the church be no exception . thoughtful , kiernan move to a nearby door which be block off and lock tight with a heavy metal lock . kiernan reach up and hold it , then let it go , banging against the metal . it clang and echoes through the vast room . nearby , the guard look up . at the lock door , kiernan stare off . behind he , brother delmonico watch . kiernan nothing ever get out of here , do it ? unless , of course , they want to . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET -- pennsylvania -- day walk among the mob of pedestrian with a umbrella to shield herself from the heavy rain , frankie paige be deep in think with a furrow brow . her hand go to she forehead and she wipe some loose hair out of she face as she continue on .... reston ( v.o. ) this wound be identical , same size , same shape . she miss the main artery by less than a centimeter .. frankie ( v.o. ) you think I do this ....? int . the CUT -- day the barber shop where frankie and donna cut hair , give people earring and nipple piercing . nearby another young woman name jennifer , 20 , long lock of blonde hair and nipple ear , lip , nose , sit filing someone 's nail . in the b.g. bjork 's oall be full of Love ' remix be on . donna so , jenn , tell we about you date . jennifer it be with a tax lawyer . the door open with a chime and they all look up to see frankie walk in . donna hey , frankie ! jennifer hey frankie . frankie hey guy . donna how you feel ? frankie Fine . she smile and walk to she section of the room . donna approach she . donna really ok ? or just ok ? frankie I be fine . so how 's my day lookin' ? donna ( r.e. a woman nearby ) I start you first client . and you be book solid until seven . frankie thanks . they share a smile . donna go back to she work . frankie ( to woman ) wanna come over here ? ok , well , go back to Jen and dish the dirt . frankie gather she thing . she begin to cut the woman 's hair . Jennifer continue talk about she date from last night . frankie be not pay attention .... she be distract by a noise . look up . stop cut hair . see nothing and reluctantly continue cut hair .... again she hear something and abruplty stop , step away and look out the window . turn to donna , who frown at she . you ok ? she nod . but she 's not . something be bother she . finally she walk to the window and look out . see it : stand on the curb across the busy street , cloak in a bright blue raincoat , a woman be stare at frankie , and she be hold a wrap up baby in she outstretch hand . at the window , look out , frankie frown .... outside , the woman continue to stare at frankie . tear roll down she cheek quickly . CUT to : flashback of frankie 's belly button as she touch it CUT back to : ext . STREET -- day the woman hold the baby out toward the blur rush of traffic -- at the CUT , frankie see what she be go to do . scream . the woman hold the baby , and drop it . at the window , frankie 's scream be muffle by the glass . she pound against the glass , scream . we see the baby drop onto the concrete in between the chaos of traffic ! the door to the CUT open and frankie race out , scream , charge into traffic . frankie shit .... horn blare as car screech to a stop and just avoid hit she . she race across the street to the woman whose face be cover by the bright blue hood of the raincoat . at the CUT , donna race out after frankie , completely confuse . frankie approach the side of the road where the baby be drop and search frantically . no baby . she do find the red blanket it be wrap up in . pick it up , sobbing , hopeless . the woman stand on the curb , expressionless , unmove . people walk by seem to only notice frankie and they stare . frankie ( to nobody in particular ) stop ! there 's a baby !!! there 's a baby ! donna rush up behind she and grab she into a embrace . frankie sob into she arm . donna frankie ! what be you do ? frankie there be a lady . she drop she baby .... I see she . she drop the baby ... I swear ! I swear . donna no . there 's no lady and there 's no baby ... frankie helplessly collapse into donna 's arm again and sob . as pedestrian continue to stare , donna help she sobbing friend back inside the CUT . CUT to : ext . subway track -- night the huge piece of machinery roar by .... int . subway train -- night we see frankie seat nervously , donna beside she . frankie bite she lip . donna glance at she . donna you alright ? frankie force a nod . donna we will be home in a minute .... donna sit back in silence . a long moment pass . frankie lean forward and scan the surround subway box . a few pedestrian sit around she . two nun and a priest sit nearby , engage in a conversation . frankie think a beat , then sit back . Silent . we can hear the sound of the subway on the track outside . donna glance at frankie , who look back . they look off . frankie lean forward again and this time focus on the priest sit a few people down from she , talk with the nun . we can not hear what he be say . a beat . frankie think . abruptly she stand and walk over to the priest ... donna' voice ( worried ) frankie ?? frankie ignore donna and approach the priest . frankie hey you . the priest look up . priest be you speak to I ? frankie be you Andrew kiernan ? priest Andrew kiernan ? no. my name 's Father dern . May I help you ? a beat . she give he a rude look . frankie no one can help I now . I be fuck . with that she turn swiftly to the nun seat across from Father dern . reaches forward and grab a silver cross necklace off of one of the nun and throws it down the aisle , let it skitter to the grimey floor of the train . all chaos break loose . the light flicker on and off in a blur of confusion and noise as the subway jerk to the right and leave , send people scatter to the floor in fright . frankie slide down the middle of the train , reach out for anything to stop she . she grab a nearby rail and try to get to she foot . the train lurch to the right and leave again , send people all around again . frankie quickly reach out with she other hand to the railing across from the other one , now she be stretch across the train , hold on desperately -- lashing mark echoe through the air . frankie shriek . image of whip mark across flesh ; frankie 's back frankie scream and sob . more lashing mark sound through the air and she wince , lose she handle on one of the railing and grunt , falter .... image of more whip mark across flesh as more whipping sound break out . one after another . frankie be sobbing desperately from pain . something be badly damaging she back .... more lash sound .... her eye roll back in she head ... image of the subway train racing through the track back to frankie , in the subway train ..... she have lose the energy to sob now . she can only let out a moan .... more lash mark sound out she drop to the floor in a heap of blood and pain . sob desperately , reach for something to grab onto in the middle of the chaos . finally the train slow and it 's over . people get to they foot , but frankie remain in the middle of the train , on the floor , reach out aimlessly for something or someone to help she . donna race to frankie , not believe she eye : frankie 's back be cover in blood and whip mark . donna somebody help ! nearby , father derning watch , wide - eye . CUT to : int . hospital -- day frankie on she stomach on a bed , the whip mark plainly visible , angry across she back . they be be tend to by a doctor . frankie wince as the doctor place stitches into the cut . tear roll down she cheek . dissolve to : int . hospital room -- later a Doctor be talk to frankie , who lie in a hospital bed . donna sit to the side . doctor frankie paige ? we be gonna schedule some more test for this afternoon . frankie do you run a pregnancy test ? doctor uh... ( consult note ) yes . frankie ... be I pregnant ? doctor no . frankie be I ? doctor I do not know . int . room -- day frankie sit upright as a device slide closer to she pupil and a thin tube blows AIR into she eye . clamp ! she back up and flinch . CUT to : int . glassed -in room -- day frankie with headphone on . a hearing test . we hear a high -pitch whining noise . so do she . she press a button in response . finally she turn to the glass , take off the headphone . tap on the glass . point to she ear . her hearing 's fine . CUT to : int . church -- night with Father kiernan now as he give communion , hold out the host for people to drink . kiernan he say , otake this , all of you , and drink from it . for this be the cup of my blood ... ' he move down a row of kneele people .. CUT to : int . room press against a wall , frankie grimace and turn away as a nurse take she blood through a needle injected in she arm ... CUT to : int . church Father Andrew give communion ... CUT to : int . hospital room frankie be roll into the tunnel - like magnetic resonance imager . she clamp she eye shut nervously . ratattattatt . close up : brain scan of frankie a Doctor hold it up to the light . int . hospital room -- later day frankie sit up in bed . she be speak to the same doctor from before . frankie well , be I psychotic or die , or both ? doctor ( smiling ) well , none of the above . actually , I think that you be quite rational . and despite the wound you have suffer you be in very good health . there be another possibility that be of concern .. epilepsy . a shocked beat . frankie epilepsy ? doctor we have run some preliminary test . all thing consider , I think it might explain a lot . frankie but that 's impossible . how can you just wake up one day and have that ? doctor well , you can not . you have describe blood trauma to the head . disturb hallucination . you be hearing voice . this could all indicate epilepsy . frankie so what do we do now ? doctor we be go to insert some electrode into the upper neo cortex ... frankie wait a minute , wait .... you want to put wire inside my head ? doctor frankie , we be go to do whatever we can to find out what cause this . you hang in there . he leave . frankie sit in shock . she go to lie down on she back -- wince at the pain -- and roll over to the side . she 's a mess . dissolve to : int . hospital -- entrance / exit -- evening donna escort a weak frankie to the door . donna epilepsy ? they do not know what they be talk about , frankie . I think you should get a second opinion . voice Ms. paige ? they turn to see father derning . he smile warmly . father derning I be Father dern . you speak to I on the train . frankie oh. yeah ? father derning I would like to talk to you about what happen . donna why ? father derning ( to frankie ) do you know what the stigmata be ? donna Father , I gotta get frankie home . thanks . father derning I understand how you feel . but please call I if you change you mind . he hold out a card to frankie , who take it and look he in the eye . nod , sincere . frankie ok . donna and frankie leave . Father dern sigh . ext . rome -- vatican -- day above Father kiernan as he make he way to the building , and go inside ... cardinal houseman ( v.o. ) ah , Andrew , come in . int . vatican -- cardinal houseman' chamber -- day Father kiernan walk in and we see cardinal houseman and Father dario . Father dario be watch a tape . cardinal houseman I think we have find you next assignment . kiernan I be hope you would change you mind about send I to belo Quinto . father dario we have no record of a church in Bell cinto .... a beat . kiernan stop and look at he . kiernan what ? that 's impossible . there must be some mistake . father dario no mistake , Father . I have check into it myself . if there be a church in belo Quinto , it be not one of ours . cardinal houseman move over to they . cardinal houseman we have no record of a priest assign to that village , either . ( be the television ) this be send to we from Father dern in Pittsburgh . from the train security camera . kiernan move to the television , squint . kiernan what , uh , what be we suppose to be look for ? cardinal houseman watch . on the video screen we see the image of the lurching subway and in the middle of the shot , the outstretch figure of frankie . we see she bandage wrist . back to scene kiernan watch with a furrow brow . kiernan stop . dario hit pause . the image freeze . father dario obviously it be some sort of attack . maybe posession ? cardinal houseman and kiernan move closer to the image . kiernan ( indicating ) the wrist be bandage . cardinal houseman move to he desk and sit down . kiernan follow , stand in front of he . cardinal houseman accord to Father dern , she be whipped repeatedly by a unseen force . kiernan how important be this , really , Daniel ? cardinal houseman we do not know yet . kiernan then why be you send I ? cardinal houseman because of this clipping from the Pittsburgh Globe . cardinal houseman slide over a copy of a newspaper article . kiernan pick it up and read . the bold headline read : freak subway attack . kiernan well , the publicity be unfortunate , but I be sure by the time I get there it will be completely blow over . cardinal houseman we be investigate this one . ext . CITY STREET -- day we be behind a hood figure as they make they way away from we through the crowd of pedestrian . another rainy day . we know this hood figure be frankie . int . the CUT -- day donna and Jennifer look up in pleasant surprise as frankie walk in , a chime echoing off . donna hey ! frankie ! jennifer hi frankie ! customer hi frankie . customer hi frankie . frankie stop and hang up she coat . smile widely . frankie hey ! I feel like I should do a monologue or somethin' . donna laugh and return to she work . frankie walk over to she section of the salon and turn to a woman sit nearby . frankie hey sheryl . come on over here and have a seat . I will just be a second . customer I think I be just gonna wait for donna . a beat . frankie look at donna . they eye meet . donna give she a osorry ' look . frankie nod , a little hurt . frankie ok . she turn and walk into the back room . Jennifer look up at donna . jennifer ( hushed ) be she alright ? donna ( hushed ) I do not know . jennifer ( hushed ) she do not look too good .... in the back frankie be tenderly massage she head . she hear the whisper . donna' voice ( hushed ) she might have epilepsy ... jennifer' voice ( hushed ) epilepsy ? she have have enough . as she walk back to the salon .... frankie hey would you guy stop whisper like this be ..... in the salon she move into the room ... frankie .... a goddamn Church ! a chime as the door open . they look up : father kiernan stand there , look right at frankie . the whole place pause awkwardly . frankie can not help but smile . she look at the priest . frankie do you have a appointment ? kiernan no ... I do not . frankie well , would you like a haircut , or a manicure , or maybe you would like to have you nipple pierce ? kiernan ( smiling ) or maybe if we just start with a trim , could go from there ? frankie smile and take he coat , hang it up . frankie have a seat . he follow she to the chair and sit down . she grab a cover and drape it over he . frankie alright , I be gonna put this cape on so you do not get you scratchy neck ... she cover he neck . kiernan oh , thank you . frankie so where be you from ? kiernan I live in Rome , actually . frankie oh , cool . kiernan and you ? frankie I be from naple . kiernan ahh. naple .... ( name someplace in rapid Spanish ) frankie ( correct ) naple , Florida . kiernan ah . frankie I move here to go to school . kiernan which school ? nearby , Jennifer watch with a smile ... frankie reach with she leave arm and point to the certificate above the mirror . when she do , kiernan notice she thick bandage . frankie Claudia 's University of cosmotology . see , I be acredite . kiernan oh. ocool '. she continue to trim he hair . nearby , donna and Jennifer watch the amusin exchange between frankie and Father kiernan . jennifer be I go crazy , or be frankie hit on a priest ? frankie trim he hair . frankie what do I call you ? I feel kind of weird call a guy I could date ofather ' .... a awkward beat . kiernan look up . frankie I mean ..... I could not date you , but , you know ... kiernan no , you just make my day , actually . thank you . you can call I Andrew . Andrew kiernan . that 's my name . a beat . frankie stop trimming he hair . stare at he in the mirror . turn to donna . frankie ( under she breath ) donna .... donna ( mouthing it ) I hear . donna watch with equal shock . a beat . frankie turn to he . frankie I know this be gonna sound kinda strange , but .... I have sort of be expect you . CUT to : int . diner -- day drizzle splatter against the exterior of the window next to the booth where frankie and Father kiernan be seat . frankie so , you live in Rome ? kiernan yes , but I travel a great deal , so I be rarely there . ( to waitress ) thank you . a waitress have come up . pour kiernan some coffee . turn to frankie . waitress coffee , honey ? frankie no thanks . waitress walk off . kiernan and frankie discuss . frankie so , what bring you to Pennsylvania ? kiernan well , Father dern ask we to come and speak to you , Ms. paige . frankie ous ' ? what 's we , I think you be a priest ? andrew I be a priest , but I be also a investigator . I work for a division of the vatican call the congregation of the cause of the Saints . he reveal a small tape recorder and set it on the table between they . click record . kiernan do you mind if I switch this on ? frankie no , go ahead . kiernan what 's you full name ? frankie ( lean forward ) frankie paige . kiernan ok ...... you age ? frankie twenty -three . kiernan ok , which church do you attend ? frankie I do not attend church . a beat . he look up at she . kiernan you be Catholic ? frankie no . I do not go to church because I do not believe in God .... a beat . kiernan nod . kiernan well , that 's really it for I . that 's all I need to know , Ms. paige . he begin to pack up . take the recorder away . frankie 's confuse . frankie that 's it ? kiernan afraid so . see , stigmatics be deeply religious people . frankie and there 's no exception ? kiernan no . frankie well why do they get stigmata ? kiernan when Christ die on the cross , he die with five wound . ( hold out photo of crucifixion ) his back be scorched by whip . there be gashes on he forehead from the crown of thorns . there be nail drive through he hand and foot . finally , a spear , drive through he side . frankie listen , and we move to she hand and wrist , which she keep hide below the table , mindful of as he describe the wound that she herself possess . kiernan throughout history , only deeply devote people have be .... afflict of this wound . frankie why ? kiernan there really be no satisfactory scientific explanation . all stigmatics be haunt by such intense spiritual pain . in some way it effect they physically . they be assault by they own vision of evil . and they manifest this battle in they body . the church regards it as a gift . a gift from God . frankie a gift ? ( laugh ) can I give it back ? kiernan barely smile . frankie grow serious . look down at she wound . frankie ( softly ) listen , Father , could I show you this and ... you tell I what you think ? kiernan yes . yes , of course . she hold out she bandage wrist to he . gently he reach over and lift up the bandage one by one , look at the blood underneath and the stitched wound . finally he sigh and look away . frankie now turn she wrist over to reveal yet another set of blood stain . the wound go through the wrist bone . he turn back to she : see it . he be absolutely stunne . a beat . he reach over again and gently lift up the bandage . see the blood and stitched wound . he be speechless . he look up to frankie , who stare back with plead eye . they be interrupt by the waitress who come back with another pot of coffee . waitress coffee honey ? frankie sigh and look off . the waitress leave and they be leave alone . Father kiernan be still stunne . frankie well , what do you think ? kiernan do not really matter what I think , Ms. paige . frankie what 's that mean ? kiernan it mean officially this be not a case for the church . to say that a self - confess athiest exhibit the wound of Christ be a contradiction of term . frankie look , you know what ... here .. exasperate , frankie reach into she purse and throw a crumpled piece of paper across the table to he . frankie read that . kiernan do . frankie I find that on my kitchen table the other morning . now I do not know what that say . but that handwrite be mine . kiernan it 's italian . it say osplit a piece of wood and I be there . lift a stone and you will find I . ' he look up at she and smile . kiernan it 's beautiful . she take the paper and crumple it angrily . frankie this be not beautiful . this be a warning ! it mean that no matter what I do , no matter where I go , I can not escape this ! kiernan Ms. paige , I would really like to help you -- frankie ( stand up ) you know what ? this be not go anywhere . you do not know what this be . you can not give I any kind of answer . coffee 's on I . she throw some crumpled bill onto the table and rush out . kiernan sit , sighing . a few moment later he look out the window and see frankie walk down the street in the downpour , and she turn and look back at he with a glare . int . frankie' apartment -- night drip . drip . Water plop out of the ceiling into numerous bowl that be fill to the brim with rainwater . sitting among mass of light candle and book , frankie leaf through book label : epilepsy , the study of stigmata , etc . we see numerous picture of Christ with the crown of thorns , whip mark , nail through he palm and foot . kiernan ( v.o. ) there really be no satisfactory scientific explanation . stigmatics be deeply religious people . doctor ( v.o. ) we be go to do whatever we can to find out what cause this .. but all thing consider , I think it might explain a lot . frankie continue to flip through book with painful , haunt photo . a tear roll down she cheek . kiernan ( v.o. ) throughout history only people who believe in God have be afflict . the nearer they come to God , the more open they be to the torment of they demon . the church regards it as a gift . a gift from God . we see on one page the definition of stigmata . she quickly turn the page . she stop and slam a book shut . CUT to : int . club -- night frantic strobe light again pound to a equally pounding beat . dancer on the stage lead the show as mob of people dance with abandon and get hammer at the bar . donna , Jennifer and another friend clink ! in a toast . jennifer / donna here 's to Friday night ! donna look up as she see frankie walk in among the crowd and go to a table , alone . jennifer frankie ! Jennifer turn to donna . donna do not worry about it . just order another drink . I will be right back . I will go check it out . donna move to the table that frankie be stand by nervously , smoking a cigarette . she smile . donna hey girlfriend ... frankie hey ! donna what 's up ? think you be stay home to get some rest ? frankie have you see Steven ? they sit down among the loudness and chaotic strobe light . donna man , forget about Steven . what 's up with that Priest ? frankie believe I , he 's all business . ( order ) hey , could we get two double ? a waiter pour they a couple round of drink . frankie you know what 's scarier than not believe in God ? a beat . donna just watch she . frankie believe in he . I mean , really believe in he . it 's a fuck terrifying think . donna it 's Friday night . I think you be take thing a little too seriously . frankie Cause if there be a God , he hate I . he 's ruin my life . donna come on , frankie . it 's gonne be alright , man , relax ... frankie ( suddenly sharp ) you do not get it do you ? donna stare . frankie I have fuck hole through my wrist ! I have slashes across my back !! donna continue to stare . frankie if it be not God do this to I , than who be !? donna ( a beat ) I think you be lose it , man . frankie set she drink down and stand , walk away . donna where be you go ? ca-chank ! a pierce , blind pain in frankie 's forehead . her hand go desperately to she face and she cover she eye , faltering . donna ( o.s. ) frankie !!! a couple bloody gashes rip open on she forehead ! stun , she stand and press a finger against the wetness . look at it : blood . ca-chank ! hyper insert a image of thorns poking into flesh frankie scream and drop to the floor . donna stand in shock . donna frankie !! frankie ...! ca-chank ca-chank ! image of thorns into flesh -- we see frankie' head wearing a crown of thorns , reaching out desperately toward US back to scene frankie be on the floor , not wear a crown of thorns , but feel its pain . blood seep down she forehead as she scream and shriek in pain , stumble out of the club as onlooker either make fun or just stare in horror . donna don't just fucking stand there ! somebody call a ambulance ! she rush out of the club after frankie . nearby , Steven be at the bar , look behind he . steven damn .. ext . club -- night the door open and a bleed frankie race out into the rain , into crowd of people and push she way out into the STREET -- it 's all a blur of traffic and horn blaring as she race out into the maze of car , dodging some and crying out ! blood ooze down she head . donna race out , look around frantically . in the STREET frankie hop up onto the hood of a car , then slide off the other side , racing through the street in a daze of pain . she stand still and whip she head back and forth , she face cover in wet blood and rain . her hair matte against she head . she groan and sob . donna finally gather the nerve to race out into the street and search around . horn continue to blare . donna look around : frankie be nowhere to be find . ext . frankie' apartment complex -- night Father kiernan move to the door and buzy the name paige . wait . no answer . something catch he eye . he look up -- frankie be move down the street toward he . she stop when she see he . he notice the blood drip down she face . frown . kiernan Ms. paige ?? she gasp and cry , she hand go to she head and she immediately turn and race down the street , away from he . he quickly follow -- kiernan Ms. paige !! ext . back alley -- night kiernan race through the grime and muck of a back alley , follow frankie , who be nowhere to be find . he finally reach the clear in the alley and stop , look all around . kiernan Ms. paige ? ms. paige !! nearby , we see the tremble frankie hide behind a flight of metal stair , she face cover in wet gore , shiver against the cold . with kiernan , look around . his voice echoe . nearby , a flock of bird scatter out of nowhere into a million different direction . wwwhooooossh ! a pipe burst nearby and send cloud of smoke shoot out into the air . Father kiernan be startle . a wind start and blow newspaper and various garbage everywhere , all around Father kiernan . he look up as nearby a window shatter and glass shoot into a million piece . he dodge it and move deeper into the alley -- frankie stand and race away . kiernan continue look around ... close on a glass bottle as it be smashed -- nearby donna stop , turn . kierna stop when he see she . frankie be only yard away , sit hunch on the hood of a car , digging into the metal . Father kiernan furrow he brow and move closer to see what she be do . above frankie now , we see what she be do : with a chunk of a break bottle , she be write a message into the metal . it 's in foreign letter . we hear the scrape of metal against metal . we also hear frankie 's voice , speak what she be write . but it 's in another language . we do not understand she . among the wind and rain , kiernan move closer . cautious . kiernan Ms. paige ? silence . she stop and look at he . stands on the hood and we realize she eye be a strike orange , she expression change , almost demonic . it look like a standoff . they stare at each other , neither say a word . finally , frankie return to she work , digging into the metal of the car . wwhoooossh ! a pipe burst again and more smoke be send out into the air . kiernan move closer , hold out a hand . we see the tape recorder from earlier : he press record . kiernan Ms. paige .....? she stand and scream angrily , point at he sharply with the break bottle , furious -- frankie aalla shatteeen man beesha !! he stare at she , stunne . frankie aalla shatteeen man beesha !! she sigh heavily , exhaust . donna frankie !!??? kiernan turn and we see donna rush up to they , also exhaust . stand on the car , frankie drop the break bottle and collapse onto the hood of the car , sobbing . kiernan and donna move to she , and help she off the car , escort she away . donna be overcome with concern , as be Father kiernan . dissolve to : ext . church -- night we see the cross at the top of the building , stand out against the night sky . we pan down to see the entrance , and Father kiernan approach the concrete flight of step , carry a unconscious frankie ... int . church -- father derning be room -- night Father dern stand to the side as kiernan adjust frankie under the cover , get she comfortable . she stir . waken . kiernan welcome back . frankie where be I ? kiernan you're in Father dern 's church . donna walk in and go over to frankie , sit down beside she . donna hey ... kiernan ( aside to donna ) I think she should get some rest . kiernan leave with Father dern . alone , donna reach over and softly stroke frankie 's hair out of she face . she smile gently . we see the red scar across frankie 's forehead , now clean up . frankie look up at donna , half asleep . donna ( softly ) you alright ? you look like shit . she smile . frankie smell like ... flower . donna you get some stuff all in you hair ... she reach over and pick out some scrap of something , smile at a now sleep frankie . CUT to : int . church -- father derning's quarter -- night Father kiernan play back the recording from earlier : frankie' voice aalla shatteeen man beesha !! he click rewind and pick up the phone . dial . wait . int . rome -- vatican office -- night brother delmonico be alone in the darken office . his figure illuminate by the lone lamp on he desk . the phone ring . he pick it up . brother delmonico pronto . intercut kiernan johnny ? como esta . brother delmonico Andrew , how be you ? kiernan johnny , listen , could you help I with a translation ? brother delmonico do you have it there ? kiernan y-y , I have it here . brother delmonico play it to I . kiernan I will play it for you now . he click play and hold the recorder up to the phone : frankie' voice aalla shatteeen man beesha !! brother delmonico listen intently . thinks . kiernan what be it ? be it gibberish ? brother delmonico no , no . it 's not gibberish at all . Andrew , who 's speak this word ? CUT to : int . church -- morning with frankie as she walk into the church , wrap in a huge blanket . she move down the aisle , toward a huge crucifix at the head of the altar . she stare up at the crucifix : we see a lifelike replica of jesus , nail to the cross . nail through he palm and feet . blood drip down he forehead from the crown of thorns . observe it , frankie frown . Father kiernan walk into the church , move to she . kiernan good morning , Ms. paige . you be up early . frankie hey , I think you make a mistake . kiernan what do you mean ? frankie I can not have stigmata . Jesus be crucify through the palm of he hand , not he wrist . look at my wound , they be through the wrist . so , you be wrong . kiernan actually , scientist have discover that in Roman time people be crucify through the wrist , not the palm . there 's no way the hand could have support the weight of the body . so they do crucify they through the wrist . frankie 's fascinate . frankie wait , wait . you be tell I that every painting , every statue of Christ , and every single crucifix in the whole world be wrong ? kiernan ( shake he head ) no. just .... inacurate . they be all impression of the truth . icon be mean to be inspirational . frankie move away , toward the exit of the church . kiernan stop she . kiernan Ms. paige , there 's something else you should know . the word you keep repeat that you think be nonsense . well it 's not . she stop and watch he . wait for what 's to come . kiernan it 's actually a very specific language . frankie what ? kiernan it 's a form of aramaic that have not be use for 1900 year . it 's a dialect that be use in galalei around the time of Jesus . frankie look at he . shit . ext . apartment complex -- roof -- night a quiet night . we find frankie sit in solitude on the roof , she leg dangle over the side , she hand cradling she face . she be contemplate something . her hair blow around she as she look down at the traffic below . she take out a small crumpled piece of paper and reread it . frankie ( vo ) Split a piece of wood and I be there . lift a stone and you will find I . she look off and think . place the paper back inside a pocket and then slowly get to she foot . hop across the edge of the roof , and then disappear out of shot .... CUT to : int . room Andrew kiernan sit , deep in pensive think . int . the CUT -- morning donna dial a number on the phone . wait . look concerned . Jennifer come up , concern in she eye as well . jennifer do you get through ? donna no . her machine do not even pick up . Jennifer nod and walk off . donna sigh , concerned . ext . frankie' apartment complex -- morning Father kiernan move to the buzzer and hit the nameplate paige . he wait . nothing . the door to the apartment complex open and a young woman step out . he slide inside .... int . frankie' apartment -- morning a knock at the door . knock knock . silence . the door open and Father kiernan enter . look around for any sign of frankie . she 's nowhere . kiernan Ms. paige ??? he walk through the apartment and into the bedroom / live room ..... in the bedroom / live room he look and see frankie stand by a far wall , she back to he . she be write in deep concentration on a large , strike blue wall . Black lettering all across the wall . we recognize it from when frankie be grind the same letter into the hood of the car . kiernan move into the center of the room , watch frankie . kiernan Ms. paige ??? she do not acknowledge he , but keep write . work like a woman possess ..... kiernan frankie ? frankie ? kiernan take out he hand -held camera and hold it up to the sight . flash ! he snap a picture . at the wall , frankie flinch , pause , then resume write . flash ! flash ! this obviously disturb frankie . she pause and turn halfway to kiernan , but then turn back to she mission . we notice something be different about she . her hair be frizzle , she face a sickly pale . her skin on she hand and face be wrinkle , like a old woman . her eye roll back into she head . a gutteral groan roll out of she mouth as she scribbles the foreign word . move closer , kiernan hold the camera up and flash ! another photo . lower the camera and watch frankie with the same haunt look he watch the corpse of father alameida .... kiernan who be you ? a long beat . frankie struggle to turn around and look at he . we notice for the first time the full effect of frankie 's state . her eye be in the back of she head , she entire face pale and wrinkle , she lip crack . frankie / alameida's voice ( subtitled ) the messenger be not important . we be shocked . the voice be not frankie 's . it be a deep , heavily - accented man 's voice . Father alameida 's .... with that she turn back to she write , scribbling the letter over and over . kiernan move to she and flash more picture . she flinch after each flash , but resume write . flash ! flash ! flash ! she stop , drop the marker and swiftly turn on she heel , stare across the room at a spook Father kiernan . her eye roll in the back of she head . her head bob weakly , a gutteral groan come out of she mouth .... ...... she slowly begin to walk toward Father kiernan . as she do so , we notice she have a limp , as if it 's a effort to move she leg . she be also hunched over , grunt with each painful step . Father kiernan do not flinch as she move toward he , and then past he ..... ....... over to she bed where she drop down onto the cover and sprawl out ..... kiernan watch as water drip drip down from the ceiling onto she face , cleanse she wound . her hand go to she face as the water drip down she fragile skin , over she wound .... ...... and she be back to normal vitality . she gasp , she own voice come out of she now . kiernan watch as she open she eye . frankie I feel like my heart be break . why be I so sad ?? she sob desperately . then slowly she sit up , look around . frankie it smell like flower in here .... like jasmine or rise or something .... can you smell that ? kiernan yes I can . she stand and walk to the center of the room . look up and see the wall full of write . she be puzzle . frankie who write that ? kiernan you do . frankie I write that ? kiernan yes . they both stand and gaze at the wall . frankie be truly puzzle . she do not remember any of it . ext . rome -- vatican -- day we move over religious statue and we find cardinal houseman and Father dario walk along a cement path in the background . cardinal houseman have you hear from Father Andrew ? dario no , you eminence . cardinal houseman what be this ? dario this be newspaper clipping from we office in New York . the first one be from Pennsylvania . the other be from New York and Washington . cardinal houseman this be even more damaging . this one mention the stigmata . he do not seem to be confusing the situation . dario shall I call he home ? cardinal houseman have he conclude he investigation immediately . present he report to I in New York at the end of next week . dario nod and walk off . cardinal houseman shake some hand . int . frankie' apartment -- day frankie sit by the window , in awe as a couple dove fly onto she hand and eat out of she palm . nearby , kiernan have he camera set up on a tripod , flashing photo after photo of the write on the blue wall . he pause and turn to she . kiernan frankie , would you please come over here and have a look at this ? she do not answer . she stare at the dove , captivate by they essence . flash ! flash ! kiernan I just can not believe that none of this mean anything to you ... frankie ? frankie . frankie . can you please ... can you please look at this ? flash ! flash ! the noise and flash bother the dove and they flitter away , leave a annoyed frankie . she sigh and turn to kiernan , glaring at he . kiernan sometimes subject contain fragment or image that can be transmit subconsciously - frankie move to she bed and pick up a coat . frankie this subject do not contain ofragment of image ' . you do not get it , do you Father kiernan ? I do not know what the hell that mean ! she thrust she hand toward the blue wall . frankie ( r.e. the bandage wrist ) I do not know what the hell this mean . I just want my life back , ok !? she storm out . kiernan sigh . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET -- day with frankie as she stroll down the sidewalk among mass of people . she walk to the side and give a coin to a homeless man , who thanks she . she move on .... ....... walk not far behind she be Father kiernan . he try to catch up . ext . flower shop -- day a wide variety of flower arrange in row . frankie move around they , a few in she hand . she lean forward and smell the pollen , close she eye in pleasure . kiernan be there behind she , apologetic . kiernan Ms. paige , I be sorry ... frankie ( smiling ) do not om . paige ' I just because you mess up . I be not gonna let you off the hook . she hold up a flower for he to smell . he do . smile . kiernan ok . but I ... I am sorry . frankie you know , for a priest you be pretty relentless . he nod . kiernan yeah , I guess I stop be a priest and slip back into be a scientist . it 's a habit . frankie hey , what kind of a scientist be a priest , anyway ? kiernan you do not want to know ... she smile . frankie oh , yes I do . CUT to : ext . flower shop -- table -- day frankie sit across from kiernan . they be in mid-conversation . frankie ( laugh ) you be a organic chemist ?? ok , do you walk around with that glass with the scotch tape around the side and pocket protector ? kiernan I do , actually . ( laugh ) anyway , one day I just decide I be gonna become a priest . frankie well , why ? kiernan the hole . frankie the hole ? frankie listen as she unwrap a fresh pack of cigarettes and light one up . kiernan the hole in the theory . frankie what theory ? kiernan the world be six billion year old , right ? there 's be life on this planet for three billion year , but for three billion year before that there be nothing . no life . just a bunch of element swirl around . frankie watch he . kiernan and then one day , for no apparent reason whatsoever , all this element come together in perfect harmony . and there be suddenly life . live thing . like lilac and ... hedgehog .. frankie beer , and cheesecake . kiernan ( smiling ) beer and cheesecake . do you know that monk invent alcohol ? frankie yeah , everybody know that . ( laugh ) kiernan you know that ? well , anyways , to get back to the hole , there really ... there really be not any explanation . and I figure that there be something more than , well , more important than organic chemistry go on . and I figure that it be God . and that God be responsible for all this life . frankie I really can not get a line on you . kiernan why not ? frankie first of all , I can not understand a man who 's never , you know ... kiernan never make love to a woman ? she nod . he can not help but smile . kiernan well this may come as a great surprise to you , but , I be not bear a priest . frankie but you do not like it ? kiernan what 's not to like ? frankie but you do not miss it ? kiernan of course I miss it . I mean I be human . I struggle with it . but I have make a choice . basically , what I have do be I have exchange one set of complication for another ... a beat . frankie understand what he mean and smile . they continue to carry on the conversation as we watch they . kiernan smile at something say , and frankie reach over and grab he ear playfully . a intimate moment , almost . they be become close . frankie smile -- hyper insert image of a nail be drive through a foot -- ca-chank ! frankie shriek and falter out of she chair at the pain , fall to the floor . people look up -- ca-chank ! chank ! another image of a nail be drive through a foot . frankie grasp onto the side of the table to try and get up , but the pain be immense . blood seep through both sock on she foot . it spew to the ground . kiernan stand and rush to help she -- she stumble up and over to a patch of flower when suddenly -- she relive all the wound : image of nail be drive through a wrist , another wrist . image of slash mark across she back . image of crown of thorns in she head -- frankie fall back into the patch of flower , eye go in the back of she head , numb with blind pain . ca-chank ! chank ! blood spew around she , and a weak groan rise out of she mouth . kiernan rush to she as people continue to stare on . CUT to : int . frankie' apartment -- night she lie on she bed , watch in pain as kiernan dab a wet cloth on she foot , which be soak with blood . we see visible wound on she foot , round and deep . frankie so this be the fourth ? kiernan what do you mean ? frankie when I meet you , do not you say there be five wound ? well this be the fourth . what 's the fifth ? kiernan a spear . frankie .... the one that kill he . kiernan do not worry , frankie . no stigmatic have ever receive the full five wound . frankie ( as he dab at she foot ) have you ever meet another person who have stigmata ? kiernan I do make a pilgrimage to a small village in the mountain of Southern Italy . there I meet a priest call padre pio . he first receive the wound when he be 23 year of age . the same age as St. Francis of assisi . frankie who be St. Francis of assisi ? kiernan St. Francis be the first person to receive the stigmata . in the 13th century . he be a wild young man who suddenly change he way after he have a vision of be crucify alongside Christ . when he wake up , he hand and foot be ... be bleed . frankie this priest , be he wound as bad as mine ? kiernan padre pio ? sometimes he lose a pint of blood a day . and he suffer terrible demonic attack . frankie a priest ? kiernan all stigmatics suffer the most intense spiritual conflict . frankie well , what happen to he ? how many wound do he receive ? a long beat . kiernan sigh . kiernan he .... live to old age . frankie how many wound do he receive ? another long beat . he look up at she . kiernan two . frankie look at he closely . frankie I be die be not I ? this thing be kill I . he do not know what to say . she turn away and attempt to sleep . kiernan stand and move to a side table . we see a few film roll . he pick up he camera .. CUT to : int . church -- father derning's quarter -- night Father dern stand beside kiernan as he wire over photo of the wall in frankie 's room through the computer . he be speak on the phone . kiernan ( into phone ) here 's a closer shot . my guess be it 's probably aramaic ... CUT to : int . rome -- vatican office -- night brother delmonico at he desk . he watch he computer screen as a photo of the blue wall scan down onto he screen . he trace with he finger read it , translate it . brother delmonico I be look at it . kiernan' voice be there .... be there a problem ? brother delmonico turn nervously as a Priest walk across the upper level , pause and look at delmonico , then move on . brother delmonico turn back to the screen and to Father kiernan . brother delmonico yes . do not send I any more of this picture . how many do you send ? intercut kiernan on the phone . kiernan six . why ? brother delmonico the problem be what it say . kiernan well what do it say ? brother kiernan ( trace a finger on screen ) it say othe kingdom of God be inside you and all about you .. ' int . church -- father derning's quarter -- night Father kiernan on the phone . brother delmonico's voice Andrew , forget you see this . Drop it immediately . do not send I any more . kiernan johnny ? what be the problem ? intercut brother delmonico . brother delmonico do you remember the gospel he turn as a guard walk in to the room , watch he . kiernan' voice johnny ? the Guard leave . delmonico turn and talk quietly into the phone . brother delmonico do you remember the Gospel Commission ? it be close down suddenly by you friend cardinal houseman . intercut kiernan sigh . kiernan yes . a few year ago , yes . brother delmonico we discover a document that look like it be a completely new gospel . kiernan well what 's the significance of that ? brother delmonico I be one of the three translator of the gospel . it be write entirely in aramaic ... the language of Jesus and he disciple . it may be Jesus ' actual word ... he turn and see Father dario at the top of the stair , study delmonico with suspicion . kiernan' voice what be it ? brother delmonico click the photo off the screen and change he demeanor . brother delmonico pronto ..... ( speak in italian ) kiernan johnny ?? brother delmonico click some button , get rid of the information ... kiernan' voice johnny , what 's go on ? be you there ? johnny ? brother delmonico hang up on kiernan and click out of the file . stands and leave . he walk up the stair , pass Father dario and nod , walk quickly past . dario stare after he and then look down at brother delmonico 's glow monitor . move to it .. ..... he click a few button and suddenly the photo of frankie' wall come up again . dario 's finger press print . the paper slide out of the laserjet printer . he pick it up and walk off ... CUT to : int . father derning's quarter -- night Father dern move to kiernan , show he a picture of the wall . father derning what be this ? be that a painting ? on the photo we see what look like a picture frame to the side of the wall . a elderly man 's face visible . kiernan no . it 's a mirror . father derning well , who else be in the room ? kiernan I do not know . father derning I think you say it be just you two . kiernan ( check photo ) 16 - a . do you have the negative ? he search for the negative and find they , hold they up to the light . we zoom up to they and see the same thing ; a elderly man 's face reflect in the mirror . we recognize it as Father alameida 's face . father derning who be that ? kiernan ( rushing out ) I will be back as soon as I can . on the photo .... int . vatican -- stairway -- night cardinal houseman be make he way down a long flight of stair . Father dario rush up beside he , a folder in hand . dario cardinal houseman .. cardinal houseman ( stop ) I be late for a meeting with the curator . dario at you discretion . but I think this might be of interest . he hand a copy of the photo of frankie 's wall to cardinal houseman , who look it over . cardinal houseman where do you get this ? dario it be e-mail to Father delmonico . cardinal houseman by who ? dario Father kiernan in Pittsburgh . cardinal do you know what it mean ? dario no . be it important ? cardinal houseman do not answer . he rush back to the top of the stair . cardinal houseman will you tell the meeting I will be with they in a few minute ... CUT to : ext . new york CITY apartment -- night the building be dark against the blue sky . set in : new york CITY CUT to : int . marion petrocelli's apartment -- bedroom -- night rrrrriiing ! the sleep marion petrocelli stir and wake up . reaches for the phone . he be in he late fifty , long , white beard and gray hair . a gentle , religious man with a thick accent . petrocelli ( into phone ) ( subtitled ) what be it ? brother delmonico's voice ( subtitled ) do not hang up . do not hang up . petrocelli ( subtitled ) who be this ? brother delmonico's voice ( subtitled ) a old friend . petrocelli ( subtitled ) delmonico . what 's happen ? brother delmonico's voice ( subtitled ) the miss Jesus gospel . it 's turn up . petrocelli ( subtitled ) that 's impossible . brother delmonico's voice ( subtitled ) alameida . petrocelli ( subtitled ) alameida ? brother delmonico's voice ( subtitled ) in the United States . Pittsburgh . petrocelli send I something . brother delmonico's voice no , no . I can not . houseman will kill I . click . brother delmonico hang up . a beat . petrocelli look off , stunne . hang up the phone .... ..... he move to a desk and grab a frame photo of he , brother delmonico and father alameida . we recognize this photo from the beginning , in Father alameida 's hand in he casket . petrocelli quickly place it in a drawer and close the drawer .... CUT to : int . vatican -- dark hallway -- night the hurried figure of brother delmonico move past a priest and bow , then walk into the light doorway of another room , move swiftly on . ext . frankie' apartment complex -- night kiernan walk up . Hit the buzzer . frankie ( v.o. ) hey come in . the door 's open . he walk in . int . frankie' apartment -- night ..... he step into she apartment . kiernan frankie ? frankie' voice hey . I be in here . she walk into the room and right past he , smile . frankie how you do ? want a beer ? he stare after she . kiernan sure . frankie reach into refrigerator and grab a beer -- turn and hand it to he . he thanks she . frankie ( holding out wrist ) check this out . it look like they be get better . he reach out and lift up the bandage . look at the stitches which seem to be smaller . the wound be almost completely inconspicuous . he nod , smile . kiernan that 's great . really good . you will be able to get that stitches out soon . that 's great . let I see you forehead . he gently push the hair out of frankie 's forehead , examine the scar . kiernan do this ... do this hurt ? frankie ( unfocus ) it 's good .... his hand slide down she cheek and she lip catch it , kissing he palm . a intimate , forward gesture . he look at she . she look at he . he step away ... together they walk into the bedroom / live room , and kiernan be stunne at what he see : frankie have cover the blue wall at the far end of the room in red paint , smear all across the message . kiernan why do you paint over the wall ? frankie well , I get bored and I get sick of look at that thing ... her hand slide into he . they move closer , they lip meet in a kiss . finally he push away and turn , go to the window . frankie I really wish you be not wear that uniform right now ... kiernan it 's get nothing to do with the uniform , believe I . she sit and look at he . frankie well what be it , you vow ? you take a vow to be dead from the neck down ? he give she a look and shake he head . frankie ( stand , walk over to he ) come on . I see the way you look at I . you know the way that I feel about you .... come on . I be not blind . it 's ok . she walk to he , touch he . he grab she arm and force she back away from he . kiernan no . she 's piss . frankie why ? because I paint the wall out , be that it ? so now I be no use to you , right ? be that it ?? in a swift , blink - of - the - eye movement , she shove he to the floor -- frankie / alameida's voice answer I ! kiernan fall to the floor , stunne . frankie walk over to he and pick he up with abnormal strength . frankie / alameida's voice you be so proud of you holy abstinance --! she hurl he across the room , send he slamm into cabinet , knock object over , send they toppling to the floor -- frankie / alameida's voice like touch a woman would kill you ! woman be join the ... now a swift wind blow through the room , throw papers and furniture and other object sliding and flying around . frankie 's hair billow around she face as she continue to assault kiernan . frankie / alameida's voice so that 's why you become a priest ... kneel over , pick he up , hurl he into a mirror , send glass shatter into a million piece . he slide to the wall , she kneel and grab he -- frankie / alameida's voice it have nothing to do with you convenient little storey !! she throw he across the room . everything be blow about in the almost supernatural wind . she go to he and pick he up . frankie / alameida's voice you be so proud of you church ! of virgin ... --- and hurl he into the nearby bathroom -- in the bathroom kiernan fall to the floor beside the bathtub , look up as frankie stalk in and kneel down in front of he . stare at he , she eye the fierce orange as they be before that night in the alley . again , she just stare at he . he stare back . eerie . she grab he by the collar and hoist he through the glass of the shower , send shard of glass everywhere . kiernan sit up , blood drip down he nose . close up : a drawer as frankie open it and grab a sharp knife -- kiernan be kneel against a wall , try to stand . she walk over to he and level the knife under he chin . look at he with the gleam of the devil in she eye . frankie / alameida's voice how 's you faith this day , Father ? he stare at she .... frankie / alameida's voice how 's you faith this day !? he continue to stare . frankie / alameida's voice this be what you fuck call God !? kiernan watch in horror as the possess frankie dig the knife into she wrist wound , send fresh blood spilling out of it , soaking the tissue , drip down she arm . he turn away , ill at the sight . frankie / alameida's voice blood of Christ ! he can not watch as she sly the skin of she lower arm , create new wound , more blood spilling down she arm , drip onto the floor . scream echoe out of she , she sob and turn away , digging into both wrist , the blood spew out . her blouse be soak with gore . she drop , exhaust , onto she bed in front of kiernan , and for a silent moment she lie still . suddenly the bed slide out from under she , move by a unseen force ..... kiernan stand , not able to take he eye off the spectacle . stun ..... frankie remain lie down , levitate in the air ... wwhooosh ! she rise further into the air , she arm outstretch at she side , the blood drip down she arm .... she be thrown forward and hang in the air , she arm up at she side . she be be crucify in the air , she head hang , hair blow all around she ... kiernan cautiously move forward ..... her head rise and she look at he . blood pour out of she eye , tear of blood ... hyper insert image of the tear of blood drip down the angelic face of the virgin of guadalupe back to scene frankie 's tear of blood drip down she cheek , and she gaze at kiernan , suspend in the air , arm at she side . finally kiernan move to she and gently take she in he arm , lower she to the ground . as she lie there , unmove , she face blood - streak , he check she pulse . int . marion petrocelli's apartment -- night close up : a fax be send through . we recognize the photo of frankie 's wall , with the mysterious handwrite . a hand pick up the paper -- now we see the hand belong to a worried marion petrocelli . he look at the fax , study it , then walk off ... CUT to : int . frankie' apartment -- night we see frankie be asleep on she bed , envelop in she cover . kiernan stand over she . he have try the best he can to put object back the way they be . row of candle be set up beside the bed . we hear the constant drip dripping of water from the ceiling . outside it rain . kiernan sit down in front of frankie 's bed and reveal the rosary frankie 's mom send she -- Father alameida 's rosary . he close he eye and , press it to he lip , pray . lying on the bed , frankie 's eye open and she watch he a beat . frankie I have never see you pray before . kiernan I have not pray for a very long time . frankie ( reaching out ; softly ) come here . a beat . he hesitates . frankie it 's ok . come on . she reach out to he and he stand , walk over to the bed and lie down next to she . she roll over to face he . they lie in the bed look into each other 's eye . he gently stroke the hair out of she eye . her face be still streak in dry blood . from she eye , forehead ..... she look at he with sad eye . a long moment pass between they . it 's sweet . CUT to : ext . frankie' apartment complex -- night as the rain continue to pour , someone step out of a car , follow by another man , and another . as they step into some light we recognize : cardinal houseman , father dario , & father derning . they walk into the apartment building .... int . frankie' apartment -- night in the bed , frankie and kiernan be deep asleep , hand in hand . int . hallway outside frankie' apartment -- night the three priest stand there , Father dern knock on the door . nobody answer . cardinal houseman go in . Father dern hesitates , then kick the door in -- int . frankie' apartment -- night the three man walk in ..... in the bedroom / live room kiernan hear the sound of multiple footstep . sit up and see cardinal houseman walk into the room , follow by Father dario and Father dern . cardinal houseman just look at he . the situation seem uncomfortable , he lie in the bed next to frankie . kiernan Daniel ... cardinal houseman we have come to help . kiernan remain sit up . cardinal houseman ( to Father dario ) take she to the arch D. straight away . cardinal houseman and Father dario look up and see the large blue wall , smear with red paint , distorting the message , rendering it illegible . Father dario have a copy of the wall with the message , hold it up to cardinal houseman for comparison . cardinal houseman frown in concern . turn to Father dern . CUT to : ext . church -- night rainy . a car pull up to the entrance . int . church -- bedroom -- night frankie be lie down under thick blanket , surround by two nun who finish tidy . Father kiernan sit down beside frankie , and when she doze off , he turn to the nun . kiernan I will be downstairs if you need I , sister . the sister nod and he leave . frankie remain asleep . int . church -- office -- night cardinal houseman slide a photo of the wall toward a seat Father kiernan . he look at kiernan . cardinal houseman where do you get this from ? what do it mean ? kiernan the girl write it . I do not know what it mean . neither do she . cardinal houseman why be it paint over ? what language be it in ? kiernan it 's aramaic . cardinal houseman how do you know that ? kiernan that 's .... completely irrelevent - cardinal houseman what I do not understand be , why you would send this to anyone other than I ? what be you hide from I ? kiernan ( sigh ) look , all I know be , the girl be fight for she life . if she receive another wound she be go to die unless we help she . cardinal houseman I be take over this case . go back to Father dern 's , get some rest - kiernan ( firm ) I be not leave she alone ! cardinal houseman you be not leave she alone . you be leave she in the care of the sister .. kiernan have have it . kiernan look . you send I here . I do not want to come . you tell I to deal with she . that 's what I be do ! he stand and storm out of the room , cardinal houseman follow . kiernan she 's in no condition to take on you or the church ... cardinal houseman this be not about a girl take on I , or take on the church -- int . church -- office -- night they move through the desk up to the staircase . kiernan why be you so concerned about that photograph ? why be that more important than a girl bleed to death ? cardinal houseman Andrew , what 's happen to you ? where 's you loyalty ? kiernan do not you lecture I about loyalty , Daniel ! cardinal houseman the only reason you have be tolerate by the congregation for so long be because you be a good scientist . because of you objectivity . but you have lose that . the last thing I expect to see when I walk into that girl 's apartment be the two of you lie on a bed together -- kiernan oh come on -! cardinal houseman look , I know you think you be help she , but you be not . if anything , she 's get worse . Andrew , you be in no state to help anyone right now . you be exhaust . look at you . go to Father dern 's . get some rest . we will talk about it tomorrow . a beat . they move further up the stair . kiernan why be you so concerned about that photograph ? cardinal houseman Father delmonico show they to we . he seem to think they be important . kiernan what do they mean ? cardinal houseman we have no idea . but we be work on it . kiernan do it have anything to do with the gospel commission ? cardinal houseman we do not know . good-night Andrew . he sigh and pause . then he step to the door and leave . CUT to : ext . STREET -- night we see Father kiernan 's car move past camera , under the pour rain .... ext . father derning's church -- night the bold cross against the night sky . Father kiernan move to the entrance and walk inside .... int . church -- night the lonely figure of Father kiernan sit in a pew , with he back to we . suddenly marion petrocelli appear in the pew , watch kiernan . petrocelli Andrew kiernan ? kiernan I be kiernan . petrocelli I want to see alameida ? kiernan ( sigh ) I do not know any alameida . petrocelli move to kiernan 's side and sit down . petrocelli delmonico fax I this copy of he document . kiernan ( look at the fax ) the girl write this . I see she do it . what be this ? petrocelli it 's maybe the most significant Christian relic ever find . kiernan why ? petrocelli it 's a aramaic scroll from the 1st century , discover near the cave of the dead sea scroll outside jeruselum . alameida and I conclude that it be a gospel of Jesus Christ . in he own word : aramaic . there be some from the vatican who believe that this document could destroy the authority of the modern church . kiernan how ? petrocelli it be Jesus ' word to he disciple on the night of he last Supper . his instruction to they on how to continue he church after he death . kiernan why would that be so threaten ? petrocelli when we give we initial conclusion to the gospel commission , houseman order we to stop we work immediately . alameida refuse . he steal the document and disappear . houseman excommunicate we in we absense . kiernan you have no idea where he be ? petrocelli he do not want to be catch until he finish the translation . he reveal the photo of himself , Father pabloe alameida , and Father dern . petrocelli that 's delmonico , I and alameida . we be all translate the new gospel together . kiernan look at it . point to alameida . kiernan I have see this man . Three week ago . in Brazil . petrocelli yeah ? kiernan he 's dead . petrocelli look at he . petrocelli how do you know this ? kiernan because I see he in he coffin in the church in belo Quinto . I be sorry . petrocelli sigh and look off . hopeless . petrocelli then it be all over . it 's go forever . kiernan why be you work stop ? what be so threaten about this gospel ? kiernan be confuse . petrocelli stand and walk down the aisle . petrocelli look around , Father . what do you see ? kiernan I see a church . petrocelli ( shrug ) it 's a building . the true church of Jesus Christ be so much more . not in building make of wood and stone . I love Jesus . I do not need a institution between he and I . you see , just God . up at the altar , on the large wall loom in front of the rest of the church , be a gold replica of the cross and Jesus , surround by he disciple . Nails through palm , foot . Crown of thorns . spear through he side . petrocelli no priest , no church . the first word in Jesus ' goispel be : " the kingdom of God be inside you . and all around you . not in building make from wood and stone . Split a piece of wood and I be there . lift a stone ... kiernan ( pick up ) ... and you will find I . petrocelli yes , brother . kiernan ( r.e. alameida 's photo ) why be Father alameida wear glove ? petrocelli alameida be a torment man . a holy man . a very holy man . he wear the glove to cover the mark of the stigmata . petrocelli move back and sit down beside kiernan . run a hand through he hair . kiernan stare off . kiernan she have the stigmata . that 's why ... she 's just he messenger .... petrocelli houseman will never let this Gospel get out . CUT to : int . church -- room -- night cardinal houseman kneel before a small crucifix , praying . Father dario prepare holy water in a tiny bowl . int . church -- frankie' room -- night frankie be hold alameida 's rosary against she chest as she sleep . suddenly hand appear and lift up hers , take away the rosary . this stir she and she awaken , sit up . the two nun surround she , and cardinal houseman step up to the bed with the Bible , follow by Father dario who hold out the bowl of holy water . frankie stare around she , confuse . cardinal houseman Lord , do not remember we sin . or that of we forefather ... frankie where 's Andrew ? cardinal houseman begin to recite from the Bible . dario do not punish we for we offense .. cardinal houseman lead we not into temptation ... we realize they be perform a exorcism on frankie ! she sit up , frighten . cardinal houseman continue to recite . ext . STREET -- night kiernan drive past camera , speed toward the church with determination . int . church -- frankie' room -- night as cardinal houseman recite , frankie 's body begin to convulse as she be hold down by the nun . groan and grunt escape she lip as she writhes under the cover . cardinal houseman by the power of Christ I command you , come out of she body now and for always ... she writhes and groan ... frankie / alameida's voice you be blind man ! you eye be open , but you see nothing ! she writhes and thrashes as the nun attempt to hold she down . Father dario echoe the recitation as cardinal houseman continue . cardinal houseman give she heavenly protection -- frankie sit up and stare at the ceiling , scream , a gale of powerful voice . frankie / alameida's voice behold ! you devil drip with blood ! CUT to : ext . STREET -- night kiernan speed around sharp corner and race down the street . int . church -- frankie' room -- night the exorcism continue . frankie lash out and writhes and thrashes . cardinal houseman embrace I , my child . I be the church ! frankie / alameida's voice you be the true enemy of the church , houseman ! suddenly cardinal houseman rush forward to frankie . cardinal houseman out ! get out ! the nun quickly do as they be tell . Father dario walk to the door , linger , watch cardinal houseman . cardinal houseman get out !! Father dario race out . cardinal houseman save this woman , Lord , and let the enemy have no victory over she ! now alone with frankie / alameida , cardinal houseman reach for she and grab her by the neck , and proceed to suffocate she . frankie fight for she life , grunt as he squeeze she neck , a wild flare in he eye . ext . church -- night kiernan 's car race up and he park it , race inside . int . church -- frankie' room -- night cardinal houseman continue to strangle frankie ... cardinal houseman you will not destroy my church . she groan for air ... int . church -- night he fly through the room , up the flight of stair . kiernan frankie !! frankie ! int . church -- hallway -- night Father kiernan fly down the hallway , call out for frankie . he approach she door and be stop by Father dario . he quickly throws Father dario out of the way and open the door , racing inside -- int . frankie' room -- night he see cardinal houseman bent over frankie , strangling she . he race to the bed . kiernan what be you do !? get away from she ! he grab cardinal houseman and throw he off of frankie , use all the strength he can . he turn to frankie and make sure she 's alright . she be gasp for air . cardinal houseman Andrew , get away from she ! you do not know what 's go on ! now he turn to cardinal houseman and grab he , shove he out of the room . kiernan you lie to I ! you try to silence she . you lie to I --! he throw he out of the room -- int . hallway outside frankie' room -- night Father dario watch helplessly as kiernan shove cardinal houseman against the wall . kiernan you try to kill she ! I know everything . I know why you close down the gospel commission . I know why you have petrocelli and alameida excommunicate . I know all that lie you have be tell for year ! there be no way you will get away with what you do to she ! cardinal houseman I will not let you destroy the church . he throw cardinal houseman against another wall . kiernan I promise you . you have spend you last day in the Church . cardinal houseman be defeat . kiernan let he out of he grip and turn back to frankie 's room , walk in . int . frankie' room -- night a bright , raging fire in the fire place . suddenly it shoot out to blanket in the room and spread like wildfire , over a statue of the virgin Mary . in bed , frankie suddenly sit up , she head lean back , she mouth open , fresh blood trickle down she face . kiernan walk into the room cautiously , see the fire , then look at frankie . pause . kiernan be you Pablo alameida ? wwhooossh ! the blanket around the bed erupt in spot of fire , unite into one cloud of fierce flame , surround the calm figure of frankie , who now sit stare at Father kiernan as he move closer . he reach out he hand . kiernan give I you wisdom . let I be you messenger . wwhoooosshh ! Fire continue to spread . now the entire room be engulf in angry flame . through the fire , we see frankie 's serene face stare at Father kiernan . when she speak she voice echoe . frankie / kiernan' voice the messenger believe . the messenger have faith . you have only doubt . kiernan move closer to the bed . frankie Jesus say othe Kingdom of God be inside you . and all around you . not in mansion of wood and stone . Split a piece of wood and I be there . FIRE flare around she ... frankie ... lift a stone , and you will find I . ca-chank ! frankie scream as she feel the pain of nail -- slashing mark break out into the air , blood shoot frankie fall back onto the bed , groan from pain . kiernan Father alameida , I call upon you to release this woman . give she grace and let she not come into the way of harm . ca-chank ! Crown of thorns be beat into she flesh . blood pour down she face as she scream desperately . ca-chank ! chank ! slash ! ca-chank ! she relive every wound , wince and stiffening at the pain on she wrist , foot , back , and forehead . hyper insert father alameida 's face , stare at we through the haze of fire , alive . hyper insert image of the weep statue of the virgin of guadalupe . the tear of blood down she face kiernan God bless you soul , Father alameida . and go in peace . crying out , frankie fall back onto the bed . the pain be go . the fire remain thriving as kiernan step up to the bed and gently take the weak frankie in he arm , carry she out of bed ..... ..... as they make they way to the doorway , the flame envelope they but they walk through the brightness , unharme . slowly the fire begin to weaken and gradually all pull back toward the fireplace . we see the flame disappear from the virgin Mary statue . CUT to : ext . church -- courtyard -- sunrise Father kiernan walk into the courtyard and up to a bench , cradling the wrap - up frankie , who sleep in he arm . the morning sun be bright and the breeze soothing over frankie 's face . kiernan sit down on the bench and watch frankie . she stir and she eye open . she watch he . look weak . she groan . kiernan stay with I ... she reach out weakly with she hand and touch he mouth with she finger lovingly . leans forward and kiss he lip . he give in and they share a long kiss . a beat . she pull away -- --- and out of he arm , walk across the grass . suddenly a dove descend the air and land on she hand . she stand with the dove , gently stroking it . smile and turn back to kiernan , who remain seat on the bench . he watch and smile . the dove fly out of frankie 's hand and she watch as it disappear back up into the air ... ... we ascend the air with the dove , the figure of frankie and kiernan become smaller and smaller ... dissolve to : ext . belo quinto -- church -- day we see the modest , small church . empty . int . church -- day we see again the strike statue of the cry virgin of guadalupe . the blood remain drip down she face . we see Father kiernan move down the aisle toward the altar . the rest of the church be empty besides a clean lady . he walk up to the statue and gaze at it . turn and move to the floor beside the statue . kneel down . reveal a knife and begin to dig at the floor ... .... unearth a loose floorboard , remove it , and we see scroll on papyrus in the earth . he take they out and unravel they . we see the same lettering on the scroll as in frankie 's apartment . he also find the small book Father alameida write the translation in . he open it , read it as : frankie ( vo ) Jesus say , ' the kingdom of God be inside you and all around you .... petrocelli ( vo ) .... not in mansion make from wood and stone . Split a piece of wood and I be there . lift a stone and you will fine I .... ' zoom into a lifelike replica of christ on the christ , surrounded by he disciple kiernan ( vo ) this be the hide say that the live Jesus speak . whoever discover the meaning of this say will not taste death . CUT to : ext . belo quinto -- sunset we rise from the poverty - stricken city of Bell cinto into the air ..... across the red sky .... up to the blaze hot sun , and as it burn into we , we ... fade down in 1945 a scroll be discover in nag hamadi , which be describe as " the secret say of the live jesus " . this scroll , the gospel of st . thoma , have be claim by scholar around the world to be the close record we have of the word of the historical jesus . the vatican refuse to recognize this gospel and have describe it as heresy . the end