T h E S T I N G second draft screenplay by david S. ward the sting fade in : a white on black title appear in the lower leave hand corner of the screen : august , 1936 fade out . fade in : ext . a slum area of joliet - day it 's a bleak , windy morning , the kind that clear the street of all but the wino ( who carry they own heater ) , and the point-men for juvenile gang . we pick up a solitary figure , Joe mottola , come down the street and enter what appear to be a abandon tenement . he pause a second to dust he white - winge alligator shoe on the back of he pants leg . sharply dress and surround by the aura of one who be make money for the first time and broadcasting it on all band , he seem a incongruity in this part of town . we follow he up a flight of rickety stair to a second floor flat . he knock on the door , be admit by a cautious doorman . int . number spot - day suddenly we be plunge into a room of chatter , clamoring people . this be a spot for the number racket , a place immune from legal interference , where any sucker can bet on a number between 1 and 1000 in the hope of get the 600 to 1 payoff that go to that few who guess right . the bettor be queue up in several line before a long table , where they place they bet and be give receipt in return . other wait at a cashier 's window to pick up previous earning or to ask for credit . mottola move through the crowd to a back room where betting slip be be sort and money count under the watchful and somewhat impatient gaze of a supervisor , a older man name Mr. Granger . the yankee - White Sox game be hear on the radio in the background . mottola , notice that he entrance have arouse little interest , saunter over to the phone girl and give she a little pinch on the cheek . the girl slap he hand away , obviously have be through this before . phone girl beat it , mottola . Granger glance up and exchange a token nod with mottola , who plop down in a fold chair next to the radio . the phone ring . phone girl 8720 ... yes , hold on a second . ( call over to the supervisor ) Mr. Granger , Chicago on the line . Granger be a little apprehensive about talk to Chicago , but take the phone anyway . granger yeh ? CUT to : int . a waterfront processing plant - chicago - day a flabby , bald man name comb be on the other end of the line . visible beyond the door and interior window of he office be a large room , cluttere with table , typewriter , clerk and add machine . this room be the clearinghouse for all the transaction of the number game . all the betting slip and income from the spot be bring in here and process . comb Granger , this be comb . why have not we hear from ya ? everybody else be in . granger we have a few problem with the Law this morning . the Mayor promise the jayce to get tough on the racket again , so he shut everybody down for a couple hour to make it look good . nothing serious , it just put we a little behind for the day . comb you be make you payoff , have not ya ? granger Hell yes . he do this every year . there 's nothing to worry about . comb okay , finish you count and get it up here as soon as you can . I do not wanta be here all night . granger believe I , the man 's gonna be real happy . look like we clear over ten grand this week . comb ( not impressed ) we clear 22 here . granger well , hell , you get the whole Chicago south side . how do ya expect the eight lousy spot I have get to compete with that ? comb ( read off a sheet of paper on he desk ) they do 14 grand in Evanston , 16.5 be Gary , and 20 in cicero . look like you be bring up the rear , Granger . int . number spot - day Granger burn inside . one of the girl who 's be sorting and count hand he a slip of paper . granger I just get the count . we will put the take on the 4:15 . comb we will be waitin' . comb hang up , smile to himself , proud of the way he give the needle to Granger . CUT to : int . number spot - day Granger storming over to a safe and jerk open the door . granger ( snap ) mottola . mottola hustle out of he chair . granger ( hand he a bundle of bill ) take this up to the city on the 4:15 . they will be waitin ' for it at the clear house . and do not stop for no drink . you can get a cab down the street . mottola take the money and slip it into he inside coat pocket with all the dramatic flair of the true flunky . no one would ever guess that he be just a overdress messenger boy . ext . of the tenement again mottola emerge from a side entrance into a narrow alley . he walk briskly down to the end and turn leave into a large alleyway ; this one connect two street . the alley be desert save for one scruffy , slovenly dress young stranger come toward he from the opposite direction . the man carry a batter suitcase and seem to be in a hurry . suddenly , mottola hear shouting come from somewhere behind he . he turn around to see a small , weathered look thief come racing around the corner and down the alley toward he , frantically pursue by a gray-haire black man . limp noticeably , the black man manage a few cry for help and then stumble and fall . the stranger yell at mottola to cover he side of the alley , and then ready himself for the arrival of the thief . mottola just stand there , not the least interested in the exercise of justice . just as the thief be about to run on by , the stranger throw he suitcase at the little man' leg , send he sprawling and separate he from the wallet he 's be carry in he leave hand . the stranger make a dash for the wallet and kick it back to where mottola be stand . almost by reflex , mottola pick it up . the thief scramble to he foot and start back toward he new - find enemy , brandish a knife . both the stranger and mottola brace themselves for a attack . the thief , realize that there be two people to fight , begin to think better of it . he be not a young man , nor particularly strong . thief ( shaking he fist at the stranger ) you fuckin ' nigger - lover . I will get you for this someday , sucker egg . mottola and the stranger exchange glance of relief as the thief flee out onto the street and disappear . the black man , meanwhile , have struggle to he foot and be staggering toward they . he collapse against the alley wall after a few step . the stranger rush over to he , follow somewhat absently by mottola . black man the wallet . you gotta go after he . he 's get all the money . stranger do not worry , we get the wallet . what happen ? he get ya with the knife ? the stranger open the Black man 's coat to reveal a bloody wound at the top of he leg . black man ( try to move ) give it to I ! please . I gotta know it 's all there ! stranger you just sit tight , old man . we be gonna have to get you to a doctor . ( start to leave ) I will call a cop . black man no , no cop ! mottola have give he he wallet , which the black man now open , disclose a fat bundle of bill tie by a rubber band . mottola and the stranger be amaze by the amount of money . stranger ( a little uneasy ) you want by the law or something ' ? black man naw , it 's okay . stranger you be crazy carryin' that kinda money in this neighborhood . no wonder you get hit . black man ( try to get to he foot ) thanks . I be oblige to ya , but I gotta get goin' . ( he leg give way under he ) stranger you be not goin ' nowhere on that leg . black man I gotta ! look , I run some slot down in West Bend for a mob here . I get a little behind on my payoff so they figure I be holdin ' out on them . they give I to 4:00 to come up with the cash . I do not get it there I be dead . stranger it do not look good , gramp , it 's ten of now . black man I get a hundred buck for you and you friend if you deliver the money for I . stranger ( hesitates ) I dunno . that little mug that get ya be mad enough at I already -- what if he 's out there waitin ' around a corner with some friend . black man he will not know you be carryin ' it . c'mon , you gotta help I out . stranger ( make up he mind ) sorry , pal . I will fix you up , call you a doc , but I be not gonna walk into a bunch of knife for ya . black man ( desperate to mottola ) how bout you ? I will give you the whole hundred ! stranger what make you think you can trust he ? he do not do shit . mottola hey , butt out , chicken liver . I give he back he wallet , do not I ? ( to black man ) how far be this place ? black man 1811 mason . put it in box 3c . you will not have no trouble . there 's five thousand dollar there and here 's a hundred for you . mottola ( take the bundle of bill from the black man , plus the $ 100 bill ) all right . I will make you drop for you , old man . and do not worry , you can trust I . mottola put the bill in he inside coat pocket , right next to the number money . the stranger , who have now finish bandage , watch he do it . stranger if that punk and he pal decide to search ya , you will never fool them carryin ' it there . black man ( suddenly afraid again ) what do we do ? stranger you get a bag or something ? black man no . stranger how ' bout a handkerchief ? black man here . the stranger go into the right coat pocket and pull out a wrinkle handkerchief . stranger let I have the money . mottola take out the Black man 's five grand and hand it to the Stranger . he put it in the handkerchief . stranger you better stick that other in here too , if you wanta keep it . black man ( plead ) just hurry , will ya . mottola pull out the number money and put it in the handkerchief too . the stranger tie it all up . stranger ( demonstrate by slip the bundle down into crotch ) all right . carry it down in you pants here . ( pull it back out and tucking it in mottola 's pants ) ai not no hard guy in the world gonna frisk ya there . mottola thanks . ( to the black man ) so long , partner . do not worry , everything 's gonna be all right . the Black man nod gratefully , but there 's still a trace of worry on he face . mottola trot off down the alley and out onto the street , glance around cautiously for sign of trouble . he walk hurriedly down the sidewalk toward the cab stand in the distance . suddenly the little man with the knife appear out of a doorway about 15 yard behind he . mottola notice he and quicken he pace , finally break into a dead run . we follow he as he dash headlong down the street , open a big lead on the guy with the knife . he reach the taxi zone . he hop in a cab and slam the door . int . taxi - day he jump in , close the door , and breathes a sigh of relief . cabbie where to ? mottola which way be mason ? cabbie about 20 block south . mottola okay , go north . the joliet Station -- fast . mottola settles back in he seat and start to laugh . cabbie what 's so funny ? mottola I just make the world 's easiest five grand . he take the bundle out from inside he pants in order to gaze upon he new - find fortune . he unty the handkerchief . it 's full of toilet paper . mottola look like he 's just be shot . CUT to : ext . alley - day - the stranger and black man hightail it down the street , two newly solvent con artist on the lam . it 's hard to run they be laugh so hard . the stranger chuck he suitcase in a trash can and pull the real handkerchief out of he pants . black man Jesus , what a bundle . do you know he be that load ? stranger Hell no , I just cut into he . I woulda settle for pawn one of they shoe . as they split off , music begin , and we go into a title sequence done to a drive Chicago blue , the sequence be design to establish somewhat the milieu of the stranger , know to friend and enemy alike as hooker . we see the follow : ext . pawnshop - looking inside - day hooker be get a radio and well - wear suit out of hook . it 's like see old friend again . all pantomime . int . hooker be room - day a shabby little place he rent above a cigar store . we pick he up in a jerry - build outdoor shower , which he 's rig up on the fire escape . the rinse water drip down through the landing into the grimy alley below . hooker ( sing ) ' with plenty of money and you - oo - oo , oh baby , what I would not do - oo - oo ... ' on the STREET again jauntily carry a magnum of champagne and some flower , obviously on he way to see someone special . in a burlesque house hooker stand in the wing hold the flower and champagne , watch he date for the evening , a 6 '3 " stripper name Crystal , do she routine . Crystal finish up and come off the stage . crystal ( tired ) hi , hooker , you gettin ' marry or something ' ? hooker come into a little dough . you wanna get outa here tonight ? crystal can not . I get a 10 o'clock show . I need the five buck . hooker I will spend fifty on ya . Crystal look at he a second and start to giggle . we be pretty sure she 's gonna get outa here tonight . coming into a poor man' gambling joint Little more than a reconvert brick basement , the place contain three shoddy , homemade roulette table . hooker , accompany now by Crystal , nod a greeting to the doorman and proceed to a table where there be already several other people lay they bet for the next spin . hooker know the wheel man , a old - timer name Jimmy . jimmy ( glad to see he ) hooker ! hooker how ya doin ' , Jimmy . jimmy ( collect bet and pay off the winner ) ai not see you in month , boy . think maybe you take a fall . hooker naw , just a little hard time , that 's all . it 's all over now . jimmy you gonna have a go here ? ( point to the betting board ) how ' bout a ten spot on the line here . the 4 - 9 be lookin ' good today . lotsa action on 28th Street down there , too . pay ya 10 - 1 . as Jimmy finish he spiel , he start the wheel spin and drop in the ball . betting be allow to continue until the ball drop from the outer ring into the center . hooker ( take out he wallet ) Three grand on the black . Jimmy be stunne . the other at the table , use to dollar bet , look at hooker like he 's some kind of foreign dignitary . jimmy ( worried ) you sure you wanna start off that big ? Bet like that could put a real dent in we . hooker I feel lucky tonight . jimmy aw , come on , hooker , why do not you just ... hooker Three grand on the black , Jimmy . Jimmy want to argue some more , but the ball be get ready to drop into the center . we see Jimmy quickly press a hide lever under the table with he foot . the ball fall and settles into red 27 with a motion that be not quite right . the other at the table fail to notice , but hooker be not fool . he stare venomously at Jimmy , who know that hooker be on to he . jimmy sorry , hooker . ( make a attempt at levity , in order to explain ) good thing that ball come up red . guy could get in trouble around here , losin ' a bet that big . Jimmy reach for hooker 's money . hooker stop he by put he hand on it . hooker spin it again . Jimmy do not know what the hell to do . he give hooker a little head motion to indicate a small window high up in one of the wall . behind it , we see a pair of eye . suddenly , hooker understand why Jimmy have to cheat he , but it do not change he demand . hooker spin it anyway , Jimmy . Jimmy be beside himself . if he do not spin again , hooker may expose he . if he do spin , and lose , he management will fire he . he plead to hooker with he eye , but it 's no use . Jimmy spin the wheel and reluctantly drop in the ball . this time there be no foot on the lever , and it settles into black 15 . hooker stare at the ball a second and then look up at he terrify friend . hooker do not worry , pal . I know it be my night . hooker push the money over to Jimmy and walk out of the room . he 's lose $ 3,000 , but he 's still work on a lucky night . CUT to : ext . gambling joint hooker and Crystal out on the street . crystal ( irritate ) thanks for the evening , hooker . I can still make the 10 o'clock . if you wanna spend 50 buck on I again , mail it . she walk off down the street . hooker ( go into he pocket for more money ) hey wait a minute . ( he come up with 30 '' ) aw , the hell with ya . CUT to : ext . the waterfront processing plant - late afternoon a late model Ford roar up and screech to a stop in front of the plant . out burst a carefully - groom , tight - lipped young man name greer , who hustle into the plant . we follow he through a maze of machinery to the service elevator and up to the third floor where we find ourselves in the clearinghouse room we see earlier . int . plant - afternoon - late the work day be over now , and everyone have go , except for comb , who sit somberly in he office . greer they find mottola . he be drunk in a dive in joliet . never get on the train . comb ( aggravate ) I do not wanta hear about he day , greer . what happen to the money ? greer he lose it to a coupla con artist on he way outa the spot . comb how much ? greer twelve thousand . comb sit in quiet think for a second . finally : comb all right . better get on the phone to New York . see what the big mick want to do about it . ( pause ) I gotta pretty good idea , though . CUT to : int . a exclusive new york gambling club - late afternoon a agitate young man , floyd , weave he way through the crap and roulette table , and hustle up a staircase to a second floor room with a draw of a snarling tiger on the door . below the tiger , the word " faro " appear . there be a large man , of thuggish demeanor , guard the door , but floyd give he a small hand signal and walk right by he . CUT to : inside the faro room in the center be a beautifully - carve wooden table , on which sit a faro board and a deal box , tend by a stone - face Dealer , who call the progress of the game in a continuous abacus-like device that keep track of the card which have already be play . on the opposite side of the table , completely absorb in the rhythmic appearance of the card from the deal box , sit doyle lonnegan . although be clothes and accessory be that of a wealthy man , there be a coarseness to both he movement and speech which bespeak lower class origin , for which he now have nothing but contempt . floyd enter the room and approach he cautiously , try hard to make as little noise as possible . floyd doyle , can I see you a minute ? lonnegan ( not look up from the table ) I be busy , floyd . floyd it 's important . we have a little trouble in Chicago today . one of we runner get hit for 12 grand . lonnegan ( calmly ) which one ? floyd mottola . lonnegan you sure he do not just pocket it ? floyd no , we check he story with a tipster . he be clean by two grifter on 47th . lonnegan they workin ' for anybody ? floyd I do not know . could be . we be runnin ' that down now . lonnegan all right , mark mottola up a little and put he on a bus . nothin ' fancy , just enough to keep he from come back . get some local people to take care of the other two . ( impassively ) we gotta discourage this kinda thing . CUT to : int . a old brownstone - night hooker , still in he suit , but look a little worse for wear , knock on the door of one of the apartment . a young black woman , Louise , answer the door , hold a baby . hooker howdy , Louise . louise ( admire hooker in he suit ) goddamn , johnny hooker , you be a sharp hunky in they linen . if you be not so pale , I 'da swear you have class . hooker step inside and walk right into a big hug from a older black woman , alva . alva have a hat on , obviously just about to go out . Beyond she we see the eirie kid and the Black man ( know from here on as luther coleman ) play a game of mah jong on the dining table with a man whose back be to we . a 11 - year- old boy be listen to the radio . coleman turn that down , leroy . alva oh , johnny , luther say you be something ' to see today . hooker I will never be as good as that mark , alva . alva well , we gonna hear all about it when we get back from church . leroy , get you jacket on , boy . leroy go to get he jacket . Louise be finish put the baby to bed . hooker you goin ' to church now ? alva they be havin ' late bingo down there . I be gonna call on the Lord for a little cash , while he 's still payin ' off . luther , you look in on that child from time to time , will ya ? luther nod that he will . alva , leroy and Louise leave for church as hooker stroll over and toss two packet on the table . luther do not pick he up , but the other man do . we now see that he be the thief in the open sequence . he be call the eirie kid and he be delighted at he share . eirie kid hey , luther tell I he be carry a wad , but I do not figure this much . hooker which way do he do , eirie ? eirie kid straight north . he be gonna take it all and run . hooker ( laugh ) the bastard . he can blow he nose all the way . they laugh again , but luther do not share they enthusiasm . he watch hooker who become uncomfortable under he gaze . coleman you be late . where you be ? hooker ( flopping into a chair ) I have some appointment . coleman ( not fool ) how much do ya lose ? hooker ( after a pause ) all of it . coleman ( piss ) in one goddamn night ? what be ya sprayin ' money around like that for ? you coulda be nail . hooker I check the place out . there be not no dick in there . coleman you be a con man , and you blow it like a pimp . I do not teach ya to be no pimp . hooker what 's eatin ' you ? I have blow money before . coleman no class grifter woulda ' do it , that 's all . hooker you think my play be bad ? coleman I think it 's the best ... hooker sink back , embarrassed that he misread coleman 's intention . coleman ... it 's the only reason I be not quit before now . hooker ( bewilder ) what ? coleman I be gettin ' too slow for this racket . I do the best I be gonna do . you hang on too long , you start embarrassin ' yourself . hooker what be you talkin ' about ? we just take off the biggest score we have ever have . we can do anything we want now . coleman it 's nothin ' compare to what you could be makin ' on the Big con . you be wastin ' you time workin ' street mark . hooker hey look . you think I be gonna run out on ya or something ' ? just cause we hit it big . luther , I owe you everything . if you have not teach I con , I would not know nothin ' . coleman ( a little embarrassed ) aw hell , you sound like some goddamn sucker . you know everything I know . you get nothin ' more to learn from I . hooker but you play the Big con . you say it be nothin' . a game for flake and mama 's boy . coleman and I be tellin ' ya now , you be a fool if you do not get into it . a bigger fool than I be . ( pause , hold up the money ) I be lookin ' for this one all my life , johnny . now I get a chance to step out at the top . hooker know it 's no use . hooker ( after a long silence ) what the hell you gonna do with yourself ? coleman aw , I get a brother down in K.C. , run a freight outlet . I can go halfsies with them ! it be not too exciting , but it 's mostly legal . hooker just nod . coleman straighten up , kid . I would not turn ya out if ya be not ready . ( flipping hooker a piece of paper ) I get a guy name Henry gondorff I want you to look up . there be not a better insideman alive . he will teach ya everything ya gotta know . hooker you will take a cut of what I make , will not ya ? coleman I be out , johnny . hooker if that 's the way you want it . coleman that 's the way I want it . CUT to : ext . a dimly lit STREET - night it 's late at night now . hooker and eirie wander along the street together , not really ready to go home , but with no other idea either . hooker , obviously preoccupy , idly strike a match on a street lamp as he pass and let it burn out . he do this several time . hooker how do you like that coleman , huh ? after three year . eirie kid aw come on , it be the only thing to do . he know he be holdin ' ya back . hooker we be partner . if it be not for luther I would still be hustlin ' pinball down at gianelli 's . I do not need anything more than I get . hooker you be not gonna have nothin ' if you do not lay off they game of chance . there 's a depression on ya know . hooker there 's always a depression on . eirie kid if you save a little , you would not have to grift so much . hooker I like griftin' . eirie kid you could buy yourself some thing . clothes , or a nice car ... hooker I do not look any good in clothes and I do not know how to drive . what else ya get to sell , eirie ? eirie kid forget it . they walk on a few more foot , when suddenly a police car pull up alongside they and two man jump out . the first , a uniform policeman , grab eirie around the neck . hooker make a break for it , but the second figure , a burly detective name Snyder , tackle he in the middle of the street , drag he back into the alley and plaster he up against a brick wall . the two have meet before . hooker hi there , Snyder . thing a little slow down at the bunco Department tonight , eh ? somebody lose the domino ? snyder you score blood money today , hooker . you need a friend . hooker ( knock Snyder 's hand away ) aw , find yourself a shoplifter to roll . Snyder give hooker a swift knee in the thigh and follow it with a elbow across the head . hooker fly into a row of box and garbage can . hooker ( get up slowly ) you get the wrong guy , pal . I be home with the flu all day . ( rise to a fuller height ) you can stake out my toilet if you want . bang . Snyder , infuriate by hooker 's irreverence , slam he to the ground again . the policeman be no longer hold eirie but be almost dare he to make a move . eirie want to go to hooker 's aid , but he know the policeman will beat he to a pulp . snyder ( pull hooker out of the heap and smash he against the wall again ) I will tell ya what you do , smart boy . you tie into a load mark on 47th across from maxie . you and coleman play the switch for he and blow he off to a cab on 49th . if he have not be a number runner for doyle lonnegan , it woulda be perfect . hooker ( startle by the information ) you be crazy . I be not stupid enough to play for racket money . snyder not intentionally maybe , but that do not make no difference to lonnegan . he will swat you like any fly . hooker I will square it with the fixer . snyder nobody can buy you a prayer , if I put the finger on ya . Snyder let go . hooker sink back against the wall . he say nothing ; he 's wait for the price . snyder I figure you end of the score be at least 3 gee . I want 2 no matter what it be . hooker ( lie ) my end be only one . snyder ( not take the fake ) then you will have to come up with another grand somewhere . hooker be beat and he know it . hooker all right . he reach into he coat , pull out a stack of bill and count out $ 2000 to Snyder . eirie look on in amazement ; he do not think hooker have it . snyder ( pockete the money and motion he partner to put he gun away ) you be a smart egg , hooker . no use dyin ' for 2 grand . Snyder and he policeman friend get in they car and start down the street . hooker and eirie walk nonchalantly in the other direction . eirie kid I think you blow all you money . hooker I do . that stuff I give he be counterfeit . they will pinch he the first place he try to spend it . Snyder and he partner disappear around a corner . hooker suddenly take off like a shot . int . drugstore - night he run into a drugstore and go to the phone booth . there 's already a woman in it . hooker rip open the door and throw she out . hurriedly , he begin to dial . eirie kid ( stand outside the booth ) what the hell you gonna do when Snyder rush he finger right to lonnegan ? you be committin ' suicide , kid . hooker ( wait for the ring ) aw Christ , it do not make no difference now . if Snyder know about it so do everybody else . he never get anything first ... damn , there 's no answer at luther 's . eirie kid listen to I , hooker . what ever you do , do not go back to you place tonight , do not go anyplace you usually go , ya hear I ? get outa town or somethin' , but ... hooker , still get no answer , slam the phone down and blast out of the booth . ext . STREET - night eirie chase he frantically , call he to come back , but he 's give away too many year and there 's no stop hooker at this point . CUT to : ext . STREET - night - shot of hooker pump down the street . ext . luther' brownstone - night hooker race into luther 's brownstone , charge up to the third floor . int . luther' brownstone - night hooker run up through a small group of people on the stair . he burst into luther 's room , the door of which be already open . the room show sign of a struggle , a turn - over chair , a break lamp , but there be no coleman . hooker go slowly to the window . he look down into the courtyard and then suddenly sprint back out the door . as we hear he scramble down the stair , the camera dolly to the window and look out . ext . courtyard - night there on the concrete below , face down , be the body of luther coleman . hooker race out to it and kneel down . hooker ( shaking the body ) c'mon luther , get up . you gotta get up , luther . in the distance , siren be hear . head be out of the window and some people be start to gather in the courtyard . hooker ( cont 'd ) goddamn you , luther , will you get up ? ( pound on the body ) I be not waitin ' for you , luther . I be not waitin ' anymore . get up , you son of a bitch . goddamn you , luther , goddamn . the siren be close now , and hooker tear himself away from luther and run . the other gather to look at the body . fade out . fade in : the set -up fade out . fade in : int . the train station - day we open on hooker sleep in some remote corner of the station , cover with newspaper for warmth , and barely distinguishable from the clutter of junk surround he . a station security officer , on he morning sweep , wander by and deliver a terrific blow to the sole of hooker 's foot with a nightstick . hooker jolt awake with a cry of pain , as the officer diffidently move on toward another sleep victim . tire and sore from he night in the station , hooker struggle to he foot and attempt to take stock of the situation . he try to smooth the wrinkle out of he suit , but it 's futile . a quick check of he wallet find it as empty as he would remember it . CUT to : the station - gift shop - day hooker walk in and go to the toy section . he look through several small novelty , till he find what he 's look for -- a little tin replica of a policeman 's badge . he look around for station detective , and see none , slip the badge into he pocket . CUT to : the station - washroom - day hooker rinse out he mouth , towel off he face and slick he hair back with water . it 's a drop in the bucket , but it seem to revitalize he a little . CUT to : station - hallway - day we see hooker remove a sign from a door , but the angle prohibit we from read it . int . station - day he drop the sign in a waste can and walk out into the crowded passenger lobby . after scan the area carefully for a minute , he go up to a conservative young business man , who 's busy read the schedule board . hooker ( flash open he wallet to reveal the little tin badge and then close it again quickly ) Excuse I , sir . treasury dept ... I would like to ask you a few question . man ( flustered ) what for ? I have not do anything . hooker we do not doubt that , but there 's a counterfeit operation pass bad money in the station . have you make any purchase here today ? man ( reluctantly ) yes , a ticket to Chicago . hooker then I be afraid we will have to impound you money until we be sure that it 's all good . can I see you wallet and you ticket , please ? man ( hand they over ) but I get a train to make . hooker ( take out the money and return the wallet ) it will only take 20 minute or so . you can pick it up at the window down the hall . man but what about all this other people ? hooker ( blow up ) we will get them ! give we a chance . I be not the only agent in here , ya know . we go around advertising ourselves , how many counterfeiter do you think we would catch , huh ? ( point to he suit ) you think I be wearin ' this rag here ' cause I like it ? Christ , everybody think life 's a holiday or something ' when you get a badge . ( pour it on ) I be here since three this morning , Charlie , and I never know there be so much ugliness in people . you try to help them and they spit on you . I shoulda let ya go and get yourself arrest for passin ' false note . the businessman be totally shame . man I be sorry , really I be , but my train leave in ten minute . hooker all right , I will give ya a break . ( point to a hall ) down that hall there , there 's a unmark door on the leave . go on in there and wait at the window . I will take this ... ( he hold up the money ) ... in the back and run it through right away . we will have you outta there in a couple minute . man thank you . you do not know how much I appreciate this . hooker ( with a little wave ) think nothin ' of it . the man go off down the hall , more than grateful to be give a break like this . hooker head for the " back " . we follow the man down the hall to the unmark door . he stride on through to find himself face to face with a wall of busily flush urinal . CUT to : ext . station - day - hooker board the 8:10 for Chicago . CUT to : int . station - day the man wander up and down the hall , wonder how he could have miss that room . ext . chicago STREET - day the street run along side a elevate train track . we pick up hooker come down the street , eat a hot dog he buy with the money he just earn in the train station . he appear to be look for a address , refer every now and then to the piece of paper luther give he the night before . finally he stop in front of a old three - story building which contain a carousel on the bottom 2 floor and what appear to be apartment on the third floor . he peer inside the big , slide glass door and see no sign of life , go around to the side to look for a way in . a 35 year - old woman , billie , appear in she bathrobe on the second floor landing and descend the stair to get the morning paper . she 's eat a apple . although she have just get up and look it , she have the presence of one who be probably quite strike at other hour . the sight of hooker faze she not at all . hooker Excuse I , I be look for a guy name Henry gondorff . you know he ? billie ( start back up the stair ) no . hooker luther coleman send I . billie stop and come back down the stair . it 's the first time she 's stop chew . billie ( check he out ) you hooker ? hooker yeh . billie why do not you say so . I think maybe you be a copper or somethin' . she go to a side door and unlock it . billie it 's the room in the back . he be not expect you so soon though . hooker 's not quite sure what that mean , but there 's something about billie that make he know that you do not ask . int . carousel - day hooker walk past the now motionless carousel to the room in the back and knock on the door . no answer . he give the door a little push and it swing open . int . gondorff' room - day the room inside if small and cluttere , consist of a bed , a sink , and a bathroom , all cover by a layer of book , dirty clothes and beer bottle . draped over a chair , fully dress , but completely pass out be the one and only Henry gondorff . hooker ( to himself ) the great Henry gondorff . CUT to : int . a shower - day Water blast out of the fixture . we see gondorff , still fully clothed , sit in the bottom of the shower , the spray stream off he face . a impose figure , with deep set eye and full beard , he just sit there stoically , look like a soggy lumberjack . hooker , sit on the floor between the toilet and the sink , watch listlessly . finally -- gondorff turn the goddamn thing off , will ya . hooker you sober ? gondorff I can talk , can not I ? hooker make no move to get up . gondorff struggle to he knee , turn off the water , and slump back against the wall . the two man just look past each other a second . down in the bottom . gondorff glad to meet ya , kid . you be a real horse 's ass . hooker yeh , luther say you could teach I something . I already know how to drink . gondorff wipe he face with he hand . his mood soften a little . gondorff ( quietly ) I be sorry about luther . he be the best street worker I ever see . hooker he have you down as a big-timer . what happen ? gondorff aw , I con a Senator from Florida on a stock deal . a real lop -ear . he think he be gonna take over General electric . some chantoozie wake he up , though , and he put the fed on I . hooker you mean you blow it . gondorff ( pause ) luther do not tell I you have a big mouth . hooker he do not tell I you be a fuck - up , either . ( gondorff look at he coldly ) you play the Big con since then . gondorff no , I lam it around for a while while thing cool off . Philly , Denver , Baltimore , nuthin ' town . hooker 's disappointment be obvious . gondorff but do not kid yourself , friend , I still know how . hooker nod , unconvince . gondorff ( get up from the floor and empty the water out of he pocket ) you gonna stay for breakfast , or do you already know how to eat ? hooker ( tired ) I pick something up on the way . gondorff ( sense something ) lonnegan after you , too ? hooker I do not know . have not see anybody . gondorff you never do , kid . we go to hooker . he have not think of that . ext . a beautiful old colonial country club - long island - day lonnegan , in plus four and argyle sit on a bench as other member of he foursome tee off . floyd come up to he . floyd we get word from Chicago . they get one of the grifter last night . the nigger . lonnegan what about the other one ? floyd they be still look for he . lonnegan who 's get the contract ? floyd comb give it to Reilly and Cole . lonnegan hacker . floyd they stake out the other guy 's place last night , but he never show . they figure maybe he skip town . you wanna follow them up ? lonnegan regards floyd patiently and then pat the bench beside he . floyd sit gingerly . lonnegan you see the guy in the red sweater over there ? we cut to one of lonnegan 's foursome , a short , squat little irishman in a red sweater . he be a good -time , friendly manner and a win irish smile . we like he immediately . lonnegan name 's Danny mccoy . no neck mccoy we call he . run a few protection racket for carnello while he 's wait for something bigger to come along . I and Danny be friend since we be six . take a good look at that face , floyd , cause if he ever find out we let one lousy grifter beat we , you will have to kill he and every other hood in Chicago who would like to do the same thing . you understand what I be sayin ' ? floyd yes sir . lonnegan good lad . lonnegan be call to the tee by one of he foursome . he exchange a friendly smile with mccoy and belt the ball down the fairway . CUT to : int . the carousel again - day gondorff , dry off now and in a new set of clothes , be pull up the shade of the large face window of the carousel building . the morning light pour in , illuminate fully for the first time the ornate merry - go-round and its massive oaken horse . hooker watch he go about he business . billie call down from the mezzanine which surround the carousel . billie you feel all right this morning , Henry ? gondorff Fine , billie . billie you mind open the round a little early today ? we get some business come in before hour . gondorff wave okay . gondorff ( to hooker ) great little countess , that billie . run a good house up there , too . one of the few leave that luciano do not own . gondorff walk around on the carousel , check strap , bear and pole . hooker follow he . hooker ( get impatient ) gondorff , you gonna teach I the Big con or not ? gondorff ( on he back , check underneath one of the horse ) you do not act much like you want to learn it . hooker I wanna play for lonnegan . gondorff ( get up ) you know anything about he ? hooker ( explode ) yeh , he croak luther . what else do I gotta know . gondorff just sit tight and wait for he to cool off . hooker ( wave gondorff off , embarrassed at he own outburst ) aw right , he run the number outta the south side . gondorff ( go over to start the machinery ) and a pack company , a chain of saving and loan and half the politician in Chicago and New York . there be not a fix in the world gonna cool he out if he blow on ya . hooker I will take he anyway . gondorff ( whirling on he ) why ? hooker ( like steel ) ' Cause I do not know enough about killin ' to kill he . it 's the right answer . gondorff do not know it himself until now . gondorff you can not do it alone , ya know . it take a mob of guy like you and enough money to make them look good . hooker we will get by without them . gondorff this be not like playin ' wino on the street . you gotta do more than outrun the guy . hooker ( incense ) I never play for wino . gondorff ( go right on , ignore hooker 's remark ) you gotta keep lonnegan 's con , even after you spend he money . and no matter how much you take from he , he will get more . hooker you be sacred of them , be not ya ? gondorff right down to my sock , turkey . if I 'da be half as scared a that lop -ear , I would not a fall asleep on them . lonnegan might kill I , but at least he will not bore I to death . hooker then you will do it ? gondorff if I can find a mob that will risk it . but no matter what happen , I do not want you comin ' back to I halfway through and sayin ' it 's not enough ... cause it 's all you get . hooker nod . gondorff switch on the carousel and step back to admire he handiwork . the carousel make a grind sound , do a few lurch and stop cold . CUT to : Music begin and we be into a short : montage sequence detail the arrival of the other three member of gondorff 's " mob . " throughout , gondorff wear the fedora hat which be he trademark . we begin with -- a tall , good-look man , kid twist , make he way through the railway station . impeccably dress and carry a small suitcase , he comb the terrain carefully with he eye . finally he catch a glimpse of the thing he 's be look for . it 's gondorff , stand by a newsstand . gondorff make a quick snubbing motion on he nose as if flick off a gnat . this be know among con man as the " office . " twist return the sign with a barely discernible smile as he walk on by . con man rarely acknowledge each other openly in public , but it 's obvious that this two be glad to see each other . CUT to : int . barber shop - day hooker in , have he hair cut and he nail manicure . gondorff give instruction to the barber . CUT to : int . haberdashery - day hooker be modeling a new suit in front of a mirror . he do not look too pleased , but gondorff peel out a bankroll anyway . CUT to : ext . HOTEL - day a pair of white spat step off a bus . we follow they into a : int . HOTEL lobby where we tilt up to reveal j.j. singleton , the most flamboyant of the bunch . on he way to the check - in desk , he silently exchange the " office " with gondorff , who be sit on a lounge read the paper . CUT to : int . apartment - day hooker be show into a small apartment room by a old woman . it consist of a bed , a table and a sink . hooker nod he acceptance to the woman and give she a bill . he take another look around the room and decide to go out somewhere , but first he wedge a small piece of paper between the door and the jamb , about a inch off the floor . CUT to : int . a big metropolitan bank - day we hold on a slight , bespectacle teller , Eddie nile , in the process of count a large deposit . nile be all business ; if he 's ever smile , no one know about it . he glance up for a second and see gondorff " office " he from across the bank . without a word he shove the money he 's be count back into the hand of a startle customer , abruptly close up he window , flip he identification tag on the manager 's desk and walk out of the bank . CUT to : int . a upstair room of the carousel build - night this room have obviously be relegate to the status of the storage room . it contain the water heater , mop and broom , old bed spring , etc . in the middle of the room a space have be clear for a table , around which be seat hooker , gondorff , nile , singleton and twist . gondorff be in he T-shirt , but still wear he hat . kid twist be in a suit as usual . the room be illuminate by a single bare bulb hang from the ceiling . twist ( show hooker photograph of three man ) this be comb ' favorite torpedoe . riley and Cole . we recognize riley and Cole as the two guy who get into mottola 's cab . twist they do most of the small job , but lonnegan might not wanna use them on you ' cause they be kinda messy . no class . we go to hooker . he 's real grateful . billie , wear a evening dress , enter the room and begin gather up the empty beer mug on the table . twist we get reason to believe riley be the guy who hit luther . but if you see either one of this two , find yourself a crowd , or take them someplace you know you can handle them . gondorff but most of all let we know . if they get a hit on you , we gotta fold up the con . you be too expose . you get that ? hooker nod , but we know he have not really get that . hooker you sure it will be one of this two ? twist no . they be just the only one we know of . billie have finish gather the mug , and leave the room with they . we follow she down the hall and into the : receiving room of her brothel carousel music filter up from the arcade below . the room have a bar along one wall and the rest of the space be take up by table and couch . it 's a comfortable place , but not opulent . some of the girl sit patiently on the couch , other play canasta at the table . most of the man be at the bar , fortifying themselves for the task at hand . billie come over to the bar . billie ( to the bartender ) set I up five more beer , will ya Danny . as Danny go to fill the mug , billie 's eye fix on a man at the end of the bar . we move to reveal Snyder , intently scan the room , as if he would lose a dance partner in the crush . not find what he want , he come down the bar to billie . snyder you the owner here ? billie that 's right . snyder ( flipping out he badge ) Lieutenant Snyder . bunco . billie joliet badge , Snyder . do not cut much up here . snyder ( try to ignore she remark ) I be lookin ' for a guy on the lam from a counterfeit rap . think he mighta come in here . billie do not think so . I know everybody in the place and I always bounce the lamster . snyder all right if I look around you lobby ? billie no , but you be welcome to a free beer before you go . billie grab a bottle of beer , pour some in a shot glass and push it over to Snyder . he ignore the gesture . snyder ( with control force ) I do not really need you permission . we go to billie . she know that when he come in . CUT to : the storage room again the discussion continue . hooker , a bit out of he depth here , listen and stay silent . singleton lonnegan 's a fast egg , Henry . he 's not gonna sit still for a standard play . gondorff everybody will sit still for somethin' . what do ya find out about the train , Eddie ? nile he 's be take the 8:10 century Limited outa New York on Friday and get in here early Saturday morning . he usually stay a day to check on he policy operation , and then fly back . gondorff wonder why he do not fly both way . nile the porter say he run a brace card game in one of the car . $ 100 minimum , straight poker . last time he pull in here ten grand heavier than he leave New York . gondorff fancy himself a gambler , huh ? twist lotta plunger ride that train just to play he . gondorff ( break into a smile ) see j.j. , he 's slowly down already . CUT to : the receiving room again Snyder have complete he inspection of the " lobby " and find nothing . Danny , meanwhile , have set up the five beer on a tray . snyder which way be the room ? billie who tell ya this guy be in here ? snyder nobody . I just know what kinda woman he like . I be gonna check all the joyhouse till I find he . billie maybe I could help ya if ya tell I he name . snyder I think I will keep that to myself . which way be the room ? billie right through there . but I would not go in there if I be you . ( pick up the tray ) snyder ( snidely ) what be ya gonna do , call the cop ? billie I do not have to . you will be bustin ' in on the Chief of Police just up the hall . ( she exit with the drink ) Snyder be stop cold . he call after she . snyder keep you nose clean , lady . he can not spend all he time here . CUT to : the storage room again billie come over to gondorff and whisper in he ear , while the other talk . his eye flick momentarily to hooker . singleton I think we ought to play he on the rag . it 's the tightest game we get , and it 's not all over the papers yet . nile no good , j.j . you be not gonna con stock to a banker . lonnegan 's too smart for that . twist what be you go to do , con the payoff to a gambler ? snyder twist be right . it will not work . gondorff have nodd to billie and now rejoin the conversation . she serve the other beer . gondorff we will use the wire . never know a gambler who would not like to beat the pony . nile the wire be ten year outa date . gondorff that 's why he will not know it . singleton I be not sure I know it . gondorff we will give he the hook on the train , and play he here . you think I can get in that poker game , Eddie ? nile all you gotta do be show up with some money and look like a fool . gondorff I also gotta win . he look at hooker . there be a challenge in they book . gondorff smile broadly , then casually , to they all . gondorff by the way , any of you guy be pass off any green goods lately ? we go around the table . no reply . gondorff billie , if that Dick come in again , stall he till I can get a look at he . and let I pay ya for this beer . billie what be you talk about ? it 's on the house . gondorff ( pull out a $ 5 bill ) naw , I want ya to have this . he hitches up billie 's skirt , and put the bill in she garter . gondorff do not look at it till ya go to bed though or it will turn to paper . billie smile and leave the room . int . hallway she walk halfway down the hall and stop . she can not wait . lift up she skirt , she find that the five have indeed turn to paper . as she break into laughter and continue on down the hall , we : fade out . fade in : the hook fade out . fade in : ext . a sunken alley - day actually little more than a service area between two apartment building . nile , kid twist , and a middle - age black man , name benny garfield , enter the alley with a old man and follow he down a stairwell to a subterranean basement . a fade sign above the door say stenner 's billiard . we follow they inside to a : int . a large barren room - day a office come off it at one end . judge from the fluorescent light overhead and the scattered cue rack which still hang tenuously on the wall , the place , indeed , use to be a pool hall . nile and garfield go all the way to the back , while twist stay near the front with the old man . nile look all right . it 's big enough and off the street . garfield I do not know . this be kinda short notice . I be not sure we can get it all do by Saturday . nile get to . gondorff 's ridin ' the mark in from New York on the century . garfield think it over a little . he 's take another look at the place . we go to twist and the old man by the door . twist we will take it . ( point through the door ) you manage the building at the end of the alley ? old man ( with pride ) for fifteen year . twist I will need a room over there that face this way . how much a week ? old man only rent by the month . two hundred and fifty for the two of they . twist ( pull out he wallet ) this be the last time I expect to see you down here . old man ( watch the bill be count into he hand ) never hear of the place . we go back to nile and garfield . garfield be a while since I stock a wire store . not many mob play that anymore . nile all we need be the bookie setup for now . we will worry about the telegraph office later . garfield all right , I will rent ya everything I get in the warehouse for two grand . that will give ya phone , cage , blackboard and ticker gear . you supply the guy to move them . if you want a counter and bar , that 's another grand . I do not know where the hell I be gonna get them though . nile c'mon , you can do better than that . we be not no heel grifter . garfield you want the stuff tomorrow or do not ya ? it 's gonna take hour just to clean it up . ( pause ) besides , gondorff 's still a hot item . where be I gonna be if he get hit ? nile just give we what ya can , benny . we will send a truck down . twist have rejoin they by now . twist ( to garfield ) you wanna work flat rate or percentage ? garfield who 's the mark ? twist doyle lonnegan . garfield flat rate . CUT to : int . a new york train station - day we pick up doyle lonnegan , accompany by two bodyguard and floyd , make he way through the station . he stop at a cigar counter to buy some cigarettes , and we reveal gondorff and hooker sit on they suitcase on the other side of the room . gondorff ( eye fix on lonnegan ) guy in the blue pinstripe and grey fedora . hooker look and finally spot he in the crowd . we go back to lonnegan , as he move off from the cigar counter , toward he train . hooker watch he with the intensity of one gaze on a religious object . hooker he 's not as tough as he would like to think . gondorff ( pick up he suitcase ) neither be we . CUT to : ext . train lonnegan and he retainer get on the train . two car down the line , we see hooker and gondorff board also . on he way in , gordorff take the conductor aside . gondorff I hear there 's a friendly poker game on this train tonight . you know anything about that ? conductor a little . gondorff you think you could get I in that game ? conductor I do not know . there 's usually a wait list . gondorff flash a $ 50 bill . conductor ( loosen up a bit ) that will get you first alternate , sir . gondorff pull out another fifty . conductor ( take the money ) I will see what I can do . CUT to : int . a basement bar - early evening kid twist enter and thread he way through the maze of table to a door at the back of the building . a large bull of a man be station there , obviously to discourage that who do not have credential to enter . twist be not such a man . twist ( go right on through ) how ya doin ' , lacey . lacey ( innocently pleased for one so menace ) good to see ya again , twist . int . another room - early evening Inside be another room , this one much better light than the outer one . there be only three table in here , around which be seat the elite of the con World . twist be enthusiastically greet by Duke boudreau , a large , rotund man whose stylish dress and authoritative manner mark he as a powerful figure in this group . boudreau twist ! when do you get back in town ? twist coupla day ago . I be workin ' a big one with gondorff on the North side . the two man sit down together , apart from the other . twist listen Duke , we be set up a wire store . I need a twenty man boost right away . boudreau I get twenty or so in here tonight . take you pick . twist this guy have gotta be the quill , duky . we can not afford to rank the joint . boudreau ( to one of he assistant ) get I the sheet , Jake . let 's see who 's in town . CUT to : the outer part of the bar again a silhouett figure appear in the entrance doorway . the word " chill " race from table to table and the place fall still . the bartender push a button behind the bar and a buzzer go off in the back room . boudreau get up from he table and open a small view port in the door . the silhouett figure be now walk slowly past the silent table . it 's Snyder and he 's check out every face in the place . boudreau twist , you know this guy ? twist ( take a look through the view port ) no. never see he before . he 's a dick , though . Snyder walk all the way to the back , and then retrace he route . about halfway back , he stop at one of the table , recognize a grifter he know . it 's the eirie kid . eirie kid hello , Snyder . what be you doin ' up here ? snyder I be on vacation . you see you friend lately ? eirie kid yeh , he pack it in and enrol in detective school . Snyder , in no mood for joke , grab eirie by the hair and slam he face into the table . eirie just stay there ; he know it do not pay to assault a detective . twist be watch all this intently from the view port . snyder you see he , you tell he to pay he debt before I get he . eirie raise he head slowly , but say nothing . there be a slight trickle of blood from he nose . Snyder turn and walk slowly out of the bar . when he be a safe distance down the street , the chatter and drink resume . CUT to : the inside room again twist give a all clear signal and return to the table where he and boudreau be talk . boudreau read from a list of name . twist listen with a certain preoccupation . he 's still think about the little confrontation he just witness . boudreau paltrow , sterling , furey , and the Big Alabama be in from New Orleans . fiskin and the boone kid from Denver , and Phillips , barnett and limehouse chappie from New York . that and the guy outside should give ya 30 or so to choose from . twist good , have them down at stenner 's old Pool Hall before 3:00 . we be gonna run through the route tonight . boudreau okay , twist , but you know if this blow up , I can not do ya no good downtown . gondorff be Federal . twist do not worry about it , pal . CUT to : ext . speed passenger train - night ripping through a open stretch between New York and Chicago . CUT to : int . train - night singleton be walk down a passageway and stop at a door and go in . int . gondorff' compartment - night gondorff be rapidly shuffle card to four empty place . he be alone . he look up as singleton enter . singleton you in ? gondorff yeh , I think so . I give the kay - ducer a C -note . you find out the deck ? singleton he usually play with a Royal or a cadenza . ( hand he two seal deck ) I get you one of each . he like to cold deck low , 8 's or 9' . gondorff Nice work , j.j. singleton slip out as gondorff unpeel the pack . int . train - night we pick up lonnegan come out of he compartment , flanke by only one bodyguard and floyd . he start through the passenger section toward the compartment where the poker game will be hold . suddenly a drunken woman come staggering around the corner and bump into he . they grapple a moment and lonnegan push she away in disgust . woman ( sloppy drunk ) keep you mitt off I , ya big lug . if I 'da want you handlin ' I I woulda ask ya . lonnegan ignore she and proceed down the passageway . as the woman proceed in the other direction between passenger , we see it be billie . she drop something on a seat beside a passenger . a hand reach to pick it up . it be lonnegan 's wallet and it be hooker who pick it up . hooker wait a moment , then stand and go in the direction lonnegan have take . he pass by the open door to the card room , hesitate only slightly to hear the greeting exchange inside before the door be shut . then he continue on into the next car . he turn into gondorff 's compartment . CUT to : int . gondorff' compartment - night gondorff be still practice . he look up as hooker enter and toss he the wallet . hooker she get he clean . he have not miss it . gondorff nod , take the money out , count it . gondorff Fifteen grand . look like he 's expect a big night . he take out he own wallet and put the money in it , and toss the empty wallet back to hooker , and resume he shuffle and deal . hooker sit back silently and watch he . hooker he 's waitin ' for you in the card room . gondorff let he wait . as he deal , on the second pass he attempt to cut from the bottom , muff it completely and spray half the deck on the table . hooker regards he steadily as he gather they back up . gondorff finally meet he gaze . gondorff you just worry about you end , kid . hooker if we ever get to it . CUT to : int . the poker room - night a specially outfit compartment with a table and chair in the middle and leather cushion around the outside for kibitzer . lonnegan and 3 other player be already there and seat . they be get slightly impatient . lonnegan ( to the conductor ) where the hell be this guy ? conductor I do not know . he say he would be here . CUT to : gondorff' cabin again gondorff be stand in front of the mirror dress . he grab up a clean white shirt and rumple it up in he hand . he then pick up a half - full bottle of bourbon . hooker give he a disapprove look . gondorff smile and pat some on he face . CUT to : the poker room again everybody 's itchy now . lonnegan all right , let 's start without he . Mr. clemen , give I the card . the conductor hand he a seal deck . as he begin to open it , gordoff come into the room , coatless , rumple , unshaven and look slightly tipsy . the other at the table , all man of high school or financial stand , be somewhat put off . gondorff sorry I be late boy . I be takin ' a crap . this bit of grossness do little to improve he image . conductor ( make the introduction ; refer first to gondorff ) Mr. Shaw be a bookmaker from Chicago . Mr. Shaw , meet Mr. Clayton from Pittsburgh , Mr. jameson , Chicago , Mr. lonnegan , New York and Mr. lombard , Philadelphia . gondorff nod and take a seat , none too gracefully . conductor straight poker , gentleman . 100 dollar minimum , table stake . we assume you be good for you debt . lonnegan ( shuffle the card ) Mr. Shaw , we usually require a tie at this table . if you do not have one , we can get ya one . gondorff yeh , that would be real nice of ya , Mr. lonneman . lonnegan ( irritate ) lonnegan . he begin to deal , obviously not pleased that he evening seem to be people with drunk . CUT to : ext . the sunken alley - night a truck be now park at the end of the alley , and several workmen be busy unload it . one group carry a large blackboard ; other have box of glass , ash tray stand , furniture , etc . take several cut . CUT to : inside the once - vacant pool hall now a blaze of activity . we take several cut of workmen paper the wall , tack down carpet , put in new light fixture , painting sign , all under the supervision of nile . from now on , we will refer to the pool hall as the store . back in the office , kid twist be " interview " one by one , a group of con man line up outside the office door . a gray-haire old buzzard , curly Jackson , approach the table which be serve twist as a desk . curly be practically in rag and have several day growth on he face . he wear a little beret which he take off to address twist . curly name 's curly Jackson . I work for gad bryan outa Baltimore . twist you ever play the Wire , curly ? curly use to rope for it long ago . I can shill , mark board , anything you want . I do not run with riffraff and I only drink on weekend . ( affect a English accent ) I specialty be a englishman . twist be take with the man , despite he appearance . twist all right , curly , you be in . we get a rack of suit over there . get yourself a nice tweed one . curly ( exite ) that 's all right . I get all my own stuff . CUT to : the card game again gondorff and lonnegan have most of the chip . lonnegan be slightly ahead . gondorff have make a token attempt to wear the provide tie , have tie it in a knot around he neck , but not have bother to put it under he collar . he have a shot glass and a bottle next to he , from which he have be drink heavily . he and lonnegan be the only one leave in this hand . lonnegan ( throw chip in ) raise 500 . gondorff ( likewise ) see ya and raise three . lonnegan ( more chip ) see and raise five . gondorff five and call . lonnegan lay down he hand , a solid two pair . gondoroff turn out three ten . lonnegan be beat . gondorff tough luck , lonnihan , but that 's what you get for playin ' with you head up you ass . couple more like that and we can all go to bed early , huh boy . lonnegan burn , and the " boy " have no comment . CUT to : int . the store - night the work be still progress . we see two workmen install a ticket tape machine in a secluded area of the store . garfield we buy ya a tap into moe anenberg 's wire . he 's get eye at every track in the country . you will get race result , odd , scratch , pole position , everything ; and just as fast as western Union get them . nile do j.j. know how to use this thing ? garfield all he 's gotta do be read . we go to kid twist , still conduct interview in the office . a young , rather sullen man , Buck duff , step to the table . duff Buck duff . I be in maxwell 's boost in Troy . twist you the duff that do not come up with he end when Little Jeff be send up ? duff be not no problem a mine . twist he be a con man , be not he ? duff he be a tear - off rat . he get what he deserve . no sense helpin ' pay he bill . twist ( like ice ) shove off , duff . duff stand there a second and then slouches away from the table . he stop however , by the door . the next man up be the eirie kid . twist know he 's see he somewhere before . eirie kid ( nervous as hell ) name 's Joe eirie . twist wait for more , but it 's not come . twist you play for any particular mob ? eirie kid no . twist you know the Wire at all ? eirie kid no ... I never play no Big con before . but luther coleman be a friend a mine . I think maybe there be something I could do . twist ( point to eirie slightly swollen nose ) you get that nose in Duke boudreau 's tonight ? eirie nod a reluctant " yes . " twist you get moxie , eirie . get yourself a suit . eirie be so happy , he can barely blurt out a thank you . Buck duff , enraged that twist would hire a total amateur , turn in disgust and stride vengefully out of the store . CUT to : the card game again the room be dense with smoke now , and the player be feel the heat . gondorff have he white shirt open , revealing a stain T-shirt underneath . the bottle next to he be almost empty . he sneeze and wipe he nose with the tie lonnegan give he . the chip be now about equally divide between gondorff and lonnegan . the other be lose badly . gondorff raise 300 . lonnegan pass . jameson ( throw in he last few chip ) raise 200 . gondorff two and call . jameson lay down two pair . gondorff have a flush . gondorff rake in the chip , which now put he ahead of lonnegan . jameson well , I be out . gondorff do not worry about it , pal . lemongan here would n'ta let you in the game if you be not a chump . lonnegan ( get to he foot ) I have have enough of you lip , Shaw . gondorff grab the whiskey bottle next to he , break it against the table and wave the jag end in lonnegan 's face . gondorff ( barely able to stand up ) just take it easy there , larrabee . jameson and the conductor step in between . jameson let 's take a break for a couple minute and cool off . lonnegan storm out of the room , follow by floyd and bodyguard . int . smoking room we pick up lonnegan come down the passageway to enter the smoking room . lonnegan ( to he assistant ) I have have it with that bum , floyd . stack I a cooler . floyd ( try to settle he down ) you have only be playin three hour , doyle . lonnegan ( not to be pacify ) I do not care . load I a deck . set it up for three and nine . I will cut it in on he deal . floyd ( take a deck and beginning to sort it ) what do ya want the other to get ? lonnegan nothin ' . they gotta be outa there early . I be gonna bust that bastard in one play . CUT to : int . the poker room again - night a pair of hand shuffle . we pull back to reveal that they be gondorff 's . he pass the deck to lonnegan to be cut and turn to pen a new whiskey bottle . lonnegan take the deck and in one lightning motion substitute a new deck , while make it look like he 's cut the old one . gondorff pick up the deck and begin to deal . as the hand be pick up , we see that gondorff have four three , lonnegan four nine , and everybody else have nothing . clayton ( open the bid ) fold . lonnegan 250 . gondorff raise 1,000 . lonnegan raise 500 . gondorff look at lonnegan very carefully for a second . lonnegan meet he stare . gondorff ( slowly ) raise 2,000 . the spectator shift a little . it 's the biggest bet of the night . lonnegan see and raise 1,000 . gondorff ( take it to he ) raise 5,000 . lonnegan finger he remain chip . he know he 's win , but he want to bleed it for every bit of suspense . lonnegan ( go for break ) see , and raise the rest . lonnegan push in the rest of he chip . gondorff , who be only require to match lonnegan 's total , throw in all he too . it 's a showdown . gondorff call . lonnegan put down he four nine . gondorff just stare at they a second , let out a deep sigh and lay down four jack . lonnegan be aghast . this just can not be . he glance at floyd , who can do nothing but sit there with he mouth open . gondorff ( rake in the chip ) well that 's all for I tonight , boy . I be gonna leave ya some cab fare . the other player look at each other in disgust , and reach for they wallet , all of which be well stock . gondorff ( to lonnegan ) you owe I 15 grand , pal . lonnegan , with a stare that could kill , reach for he wallet . suddenly the stare go soft . he try a few more pocket . no soap . lonnegan ( get up to get it ) I guess I leave it in my room . gondorff ( blow up ) what ! do not give I that crap you little weenie . how do I know you be not gonna take a powder . ( wave he wallter , which be full of lonnegan 's money ) you come to a game like this , you bring you money . lonnegan , have have all he can take , go for gondorff , but be restrain by the conductor . gondorff all right , buddy , I be gonna send a boy by you room in five minute , and you better have that jack , or it 's gonna be all over Chicago that you name be not worth a dime . gondorff stalk out of the room . we pick he up come down the passageway to he compartment . int . gondorff' compartment the drunkenness have vanish . we follow he into he cabin , where hooker be wait anxiously . hooker how would ya do ? gondorff ( modestly ) well we get some workin ' money anyway . gondorff toss he winning on the table . gondorff ( big smile ) okay , kid , you be on . but I gotta tell ya , its a hard act to follow . CUT to : int . lonnegan' cabin - night lonnegan sit in a chair smoking , obviously still upset . floyd pace in front of he . floyd I know I give he four three . we can not let he get away with that . lonnegan what be I suppose to do ? call he for cheating better than I ? there 's a knock at the door . floyd go and open it . it 's hooker . hooker my name 's carver . Mr. Shaw send I . floyd motion he in without a word . lonnegan you boss be quite a card player , carver . how do he do it ? hooker ( very matter - of - factly ) he cheat . lonnegan say nothing . he do not like smart ass . he look hooker over a second , as if consider whether to have he waste or not . lonnegan ( reach into he coat pocket ) he will have to take a check . ( pull out a check ) I could not find my wallet . hooker yeh , he know that . lonnegan ( startle ) what do you mean ? hooker ( pull out lonnegan 's wallet and toss it to he ) he hire a dame to take it from ya . lonnegan just hold the wallet . he can not believe it . hooker you be set up , lonnegan . Shaw 's be plan to beat you game for month . he be just wait for you to cheat he so he could clip ya . lonnegan ( the heat rise ) I could have you put under this train for this , errand boy . hooker ( cool as hell ) so could Shaw . lonnegan then why the rat ? hooker Cause I be tired of bein ' he nigger . ( pause ) I want you to help I break he . lonnegan look at hooker long and hard , as if the intensity of he gaze could separate truth from fiction . lonnegan have not expect this , but now that it 's here , it better be on the level . the silence be suddenly break by the noise of the train brake into the station . lonnegan ( to hooker ) c'mon , I will give ya a lift home . hooker hesitates , not sure whether to accept or not . lonnegan what 's the matter ? you gotta get back to Shaw ? hooker naw , he pick up some jane in the bar . can not see he till morning anyway . lonnegan all right , then . CUT to : int . lonnegan be car - night driving through the city , the driver and floyd in front , hooker and lonnegan in back . hooker glance out the window from time to time , just to make sure they be really go to he place . lonnegan why I ? Shaw probably have lotsa enemy to choose from . hooker I need somebody respectable ... but not completely legit . what I be gonna do be not very legal . lonnegan ( insulted ) I be a banker , friend . that 's legit in this state . hooker all you gotta do be place a bet for I at Shaw 's place . I will supply all the money and the information . lonnegan be listen , but you would never know it . hooker if you help I out , I will pay ya back the money you owe Shaw , myself . lonnegan that 's worth fifteen grand to ya ? hooker maybe a couple million . we go to lonnegan . he 's still not talk , but that last phrase have register . ext . hooker' place the car pull up in front of hooker 's place . lonnegan you be dreamin ' , kid . hooker ( get out ) 660 Marshall Street . tomorrow at 12:30 , if you be interested . lonnegan ( diffidently ) if I be not there by quarter of , I be not come . hooker nod and walk up the step to he apartment building . lonnegan 's car speed away from the curb and on out of sight . hooker breathes a sigh of relief . he 's pass he first test ; or have he ? we follow he up the stair to he room . int . hooker' apartment he 's just about to unlock the door , when he notice the little piece of paper he leave in the door be on the floor . without the slight hesitation , hooker leap over the bannister and race back down the stair . two gunman , riley and Cole , burst out of he room and fire at he over the railing , but he 's already too far down . riley and Cole give chase . CUT to : the front of the build riley and Cole barrel out of the building and onto the sidewalk . there be a empty bus stop at a light , but they find no sign of hooker . as the light change , we cut to the other side of the bus , where we see hooker crouch on the rear wheel housing , hang on to a vent . he 's a little shake , but most of all , he 's still alive . we hold on he , as the bus move off . gondorff ( v.o. ) everything go all right ? hooker ( v.o. ) ( lie ) yeh , it be easy . CUT to : int . the store - night hooker and gondorff be sit alone in the back office while the work go on outside . they conversation continue . gondorff no sign of trouble ? hooker what do ya mean ? gondorff you know , somebody tailin ' ya . a torpedo or somethin' . hooker ( want to get off the subject ) no , not a thing . gondorff have he doubt , but let they ride . CUT to : other part of the store we concentrate on some of the fine detail , i.e. garfield explain how the ticker will read out to singleton and billie ; curly Jackson show a young con man how to mark the odd board properly . gondorff ( v.o. ) how ' bout lonnegan ? hooker ( v.o. ) I give he the breakdown just like ya tell I to . gondorff ( v.o. ) and ? hooker ( v.o. ) he threaten to kill I . gondorff ( v.o. ) Hell , they do not do that and you know you be not gettin' through to them . we concentrate on nile , who 's make up the " boodle " or fake bankrolll . he put a real $ 100 bill on the bottom , then two inch of cut green paper on top , and then another $ 100 bill on top of that , so that it look like he have a whole stack of $ 100 bill . the bundle be then bound with a seal label , like that use in bank , that say $ 10,000 . we see that he have already make several of this bundle . hooker ( v.o. ) then he drive I home . he try to put himself away as legit , so I go right into the pitch . gondorff ( v.o. ) do he hold you up on anything ? hooker ( v.o. ) naw , he just sit there and listen . I do not know if he buy it or not . CUT to : int . the store twist in the middle of the room give a route to the eirie kid . he show he where to get he drink at the bar , where to sit and finally how to leap up and throw he racing form down in disgust . gondorff ( v.o. ) that 's all right . once they start listen , they be in trouble . just do not give he more than he ask for . if you rattle he imagination a little , he will come up with all the right answer himself . but all he 's gotta do be catch you in one lie and you be dead . CUT to : hooker and gondorff in the store office again they both look tired . hooker you think he will show ? gondorff do he say he would not ? hooker no . gondorff ( softly ) he will show . fade out . fade in : the tale fade out . fade in : we OPEN on a wide shot of the alley outside the store at first it appear to be desert , but we move to reveal a figure in a upper window of the apartment building which form one side of the alley . it 's kid twist . his eye roam the street , for what , we do not yet know . CUT to : int . a old drugstore across from the alley - day probably prosperous at one time , it have since decline , its large fountain and eat area bow host to two bum and hooker , who sit alone in a rear booth near the telephone . dress in a tuxedo , he nurse a cup of coffee , and anxiously alternate he glance between the clock and the empty street outside . it 's 12:52 . CUT to : int . the store - day the place be full of people , although we avoid long shot so as not to give away the room as a whole yet . instead , we concentrate on the tense , wait face of some of the more familiar people : gondorff and nile in tuxedo behind a bar cashier 's area . gondorff mutilate a piece of gum in he mouth . nile just stare out into space crack he knuckle . gondorff Eddie , cut that out , will ya . the boardmarker walk nervously back and forth in front of he odd board , check every letter and number . he stop to cross a T on one of the horse ' name . it be already cross , but he do it again anyway . billie and singleton , in a area hide from the rest of the room , watch the print - out on the ticker machine . the click of the ticker be the only sound we hear in the store . curly Jackson in front of a mirror , pasting a fake Van dyke on he chin to go with he tweed suit and monocle . a couple of billie 's girl adjust they waitress outfit and primp they hair . each have a tray full of drink beside she . the eirie kid silently retrace he " route " to make sure he have it down . despite the crowd , there be no talk and little movement , save for the constant swirl of smoke from several cigar and cigarettes . the group be like a theatre company wait to go on open night . CUT to : the drugstore again it 's 12:56 and hooker be worried . he look up to see two large man , obviously racket goons , come in the front door , and take a seat face he in the next booth . they stare at he impassively , wave the waitress away when she come to take they order . hooker know they be lonnegan 's man , but be somewhat unsettle by the fact that lonnegan be not with they . suddenly , a voice . voice carver ? hooker turn around to find that lonnegan be seat in the booth directly behind he . his bodyguard be in the one behind that . lonnegan you should always look to the back too , kid . hooker ( slide out of he booth and into lonnegan 's ) I be afraid you be not gonna come . we have not get much time . lonnegan ( curtly ) get on with it then . hooker ( point to telephone ) sometime after 1:00 a guy 's gonna call here and give you the name of a horse . ( pull out a wad of bill ) all you do be take this two grand across the street to Shaw 's place and bet it on that pony . there 's nothin ' to it , but do not take too much time . we only have 3 or 4 minute after you get the call . lonnegan you be not gonna break he with a $ 2,000 bet . hooker this be just a test . the big one come later . be careful with that though , it 's all I get . lonnegan and you be gonna pay I back ? hooker I be after this race . lonnegan say nothing . he 's not sure he like a man who 's stupid enough to bet he last dollar on a horse race . hooker I gotta get back before Shaw miss I . good luck . ext . STREET hooker hustle out across the street and into the alley . int . drugstore lonnegan watch he through the window and then settles back in he seat to wait for the phone . outside store as hooker descend the stairwell into the store , he give kid twist the office . twist turn away from the window and look at he watch . 12:58 . CUT to : drugstore lonnegan wait by the phone , idly pinging a knife on the salt shaker . it 's 1:40 . a man enter the store and walk over to use the phone . lonnegan we be waitin ' for a call . the man look at lonnegan a second , and then at he four goons . he decide maybe he will make the call later . CUT to : int . the store kid twist again . billie enter the room with a piece of paper . kid twist look at it a second and then pick up the pohne and begin to dial . int . drugstore lonnegan again . he 's get impatient now and light a cigarette , and then the phone ring . he answer it quickly and we hear : twist bluenote at 6 to 1 on the nose . the receiver click down at the other end . lonnegan hang up and go out the door , follow by he entourage . ext . STREET we follow he across the street and into the alley , where he signal one of the bodyguard to check the place out . kid twist push a button on he window sill , and a buzzer go off inside the store . the previously inert figure there spring to life . lonnegan 's bodyguard descend the stairwell and knock at the door , where he be greet by hooker in the capacity of host . he look the place over and motion a okay to lonnegan . int . the store as lonnegan enter , we see the room for the first time in its entirety . overnight it have be transformed into a swank private club , with bar , cigarette girl , upholster furniture and chandelier . singleton look at that . he 's get four ape with he . gondorff that 's what I like about this guy , j.j ... they always get protection against thing we would never do to them . everywhere there be activity . a bank of telephone buzze incessantly . sheet writer scurry from phone to phone , take bet of tremendous size from prominent people . sheet writer yes , Mr. Ruth , 20,000 on Dancing cloud . we reveal that the phone be control by a master switch , which one of the recruit con man operate from behind a partition . the boardmaker , wear headphone suspend from a slide wire , hurriedly chalk up race and odd on a huge blackboard . from the loudspeaker we hear the word " last flash . " the odd on bluenote settle down to 8 to 1 . lonnegan make he way through the throng toward the betting line . his bodyguard fan out to various position in the room . the betting crowd itself ( know as the " boost " ) consist of close to twenty people , none of whom , of course be what they be pretend to be . there be broker with pasty face , sportsman , tan and casual , and financier with goatee and highly tailore clothes . large amount of money be change hand at the betting window . boodle be in sight everywhere . lonnegan slip into the betting line , feel somewhat estrange from the general merriment around he . there be two man in line ahead of he . the first , curly Jackson , slap down several bundle of cash in front of nile , who 's the cashier , and place a $ 20,000 bet on War Eagle . gondorff appear at the cashier 's window and catch sight of lonnegan . gondorff never get enough , huh pal ? I would think you would get tired of losin ' , honnigan . lonnegan ( piercingly ) the name be lonnegan . gondorff ( to nile ) make sure you see cash from this guy , Eddie . he 's get the name for bettin ' money he do not have . the man in front of lonnegan put $ 5,000 on Dancing cloud . he make the bet on credit . lonnegan step to the window . lonnegan two-thousand on bluenote . nile ( write out a ticket ) be that all ? lonnegan ( piss ) that 's all . bluenote 's race be now up on the board . the race caller come on the loudspeaker . caller lady and gentlemen . this be Arnold rowe , you caller for the second race at belmont in New York . a mile and 1 / 8 . four year old and up . and they be off ! we see that the caller be singleton , and that he 's call the race from a conceal booth next to the cashier 's cage . caller around the first turn it 's a War Eagle first by a length , jail bate second by one and a half , Dancing cloud third by a half on the outside , follow by lucky Lady , mojo , wit ' end and bluenote . lonnegan go to the bar , order a drink , and settles down at one of the table . it happen to be the one the eirie kid be at . gondorff and nile watch it from the cashier 's cage . gondorff ( worried ) that 's not where we want he to sit . eirie try to ignore lonnegan at first , but realize he better make some conversation . eirie kid c'mon War Eagle . ( to lonnegan ) that Dancing cloud 's a hell of a finisher . War Eagle 's gonna have to open up a little more on them . lonnegan you know anything about a horse name bluenote ? eirie kid naw , he 's never do much . probably in here just to round out the field . War Eagle 's where you wanna have you money . eirie excuse himself and head for the bar . caller into the clubhouse turn , it 's War Eagle by two length , Dancing cloud have move up to second by a half , lucky Lady be third by three follow by jail bait , mojo , bluenote and wit ' end . the heretofore chaotic energy of the parlor be now focus on the race . several of the patron begin to yell for they horse . lonnegan remain seat . he seem bored with it all . hooker come over to clear some empty glass from he table . lonnegan ( out of the corner of he mouth ) you really pick a winner , kid . hooker give them a little time . caller into the backstretch it 's War Eagle still by a length , Dancing cloud close on the inside , be second by two , lucky Lady be third by one and a half , follow by bluenote , jail bait , wit ' end and mojo . lonnegan perk up just a little . bluenote , at least , have move up . the rest of the people in the place be really root now . few of they remain seat . hooker arrive at the bar , with the glass he clear from lonnegan 's table . eirie be already there , fortifying himself with a scotch . hooker you be doin ' great , eirie . he love ya . eirie nod , somewhat unconvince , and head bak to the table . caller into the far turn , it 's Dancing cloud now by half a length , War Eagle be second by two , bluenote be third by a half and move fast on the outside . lucky Lady be fourth by four length , follow by jail bait , wit ' end and mojo . lonnegan be get more intent now . caller come down the stretch , it 's Dancing cloud by one length , War Eagle and bluenote be neck and neck by two . now it 's Dancing cloud , bluenote and War eagle. ( shouting now ) Dancing cloud and bluenote head to head ... the place be go crazy . even singleton be stand up to get the necessary excitement in he voice . caller Dancing cloud , bluenote . Dancing cloud , bluenote . it 's bluenote by a nose . Dancing cloud be second by two , War Eagle third by three and a half . time for a mile and 1 /8 , 2:01 and 6/10 second . most of the patron collapse into they chair like spend lover . eirie slam he racing form to the floor . nobody have bluenote . curly ( tear up he ticket ) bloody awful . who in blaze be bluenote ? lonnegan ( to eirie , very self - satisfied ) War Eagle 's where you want to have you money , huh ? eirie do not reply . he can not believe bluenote win . lonnegan look to hooker . hooker give he a wink . for the first time , lonnegan permit a smile . CUT to : lonnegan at the cashier' window nile be count out $ 16,000 to he ( all of which gondorff win the night before ) . gondorff look somewhat perturb . lonnegan pick up the money and tauntingly wave it at he . gondorff ( get he name right this time ) do not bother to come back with a piker 's bet like that again , lonnegan . we get a $ 5,000 minimum here . ( to hooker ) show this bum out . hooker hesitates a second . gondorff go on , ya goddamn ninny . gondorff give hooker a hard shove in the back with he foot , send he into a table and sprawling to the floor . gondorff ( indicate lonnegan 's bodyguard ) and tell he not to bring he garbage man in here no more . this be a class joint . hooker , pretend to be humiliate , get to he foot and escort lonnegan to the door . lonnegan stop , give gondorff a derisive smile , and walk out . once he 's go , the general clatter and hubbub in the room cease , like it have be turn off by a faucet . most of the boost sit down and relax . curly Jackson rip off he Van dyke . it 's be itching he . gondorff he 's gaff , kid . he should start come to you now . CUT to : int . comb' office at the clearinghouse - day comb sit passively on the edge of he desk glance across the room every now and then at riley , who be slump uneasily in a fold chair , look like a defendant at the inquisition . both remain silent , like two man in a wait room . suddenly , what they have be wait for arrive . lonnegan come into the office , flanke by he bodyguard . skip the usual pleasantry , he walk right over to riley . lonnegan all right , riley . what the hell happen ? riley ( not look at he ) we miss he . lonnegan you be not hire to miss he . riley there be not any way he coulda know we be in there . we make a clean pick on the lock and do not leave no footprint in the hall . somebody musta wise he up . lonnegan yeh , and what do Cole say about that ? riley I do not know . he take it hard . lonnegan all right , get outa here . you be outta work . riley get up and drag himself out the door like a whipped dog . lonnegan we will put salino on it . I need somebody careful . comb salino ? why waste we best people on a small - time job like this ? it be not no heavy gee we be after . the guy 's a five and dime grifter . lonnegan then why be not he dead ? comb they do not think he would be so cagey , that 's all . they will get he next time . lonnegan use salino . it will take a little longer , but there will not be any hole in it . comb give up . the second time 's the charm . lonnegan and tell Cole I wanta see he when he get in . comb he 's not comin ' in . not to get bounce off a job anyway . lonnegan he have he chance and all he do be shoot up a rooming house . make a lotte noise and wake up a few cop , but do not hit nothin ' . comb keep he mouth shut . there 's no way to talk to lonnegan when he 's like this . lonnegan ( cool a little ) this be salino 's job now , Vince . if Cole want to muscle in on it , that 's he business . but he 's breakin ' the rule and when salino find out about it , I can not feel sorry for what 's gonna happen to he . CUT to : int . lonnegan' HOTEL - day the finest the period have to offer . we pick up hooker come down the hall to lonnegan 's suite . he be admit by the bodyguard . lonnegan , wear a smoking jacket , be seat at a table count a pile of money . there be two other assistant stand behind he . they do not look friendly . hooker well , what do I tell ya ? lonnegan you be a lucky man , all right . hooker lucky , hell . I could do it every day . lonnegan why do not ya then . hooker ' Cause it 's better to do it all at once . ( lean close ) we be puttin ' down 400 grand next week . at 5 - 1 we make 2 million . twenty per cent of that be yours if ya stick with we . lonnegan you get a system , carver ? hooker you stayin ' in or not ? lonnegan I be in . hooker ( draw up a chair , barely able to contain he enthusiasm ) it 's foolproof . we get a partner downtown run the central office of the western Union . Race result from all over the country come in there and go right across he desk on they way to the booky . all he do in hold they up a couple minute until he can call we and get a bet down on the winner . then he release the result to the booky and we clean up on a race that 's already be run . it can not miss , unless the western Union dick get onto it . lonnegan be amaze . he sit back a second , then come forward again and push a pile of bill over to hooker . hooker smile and begin to count the money . lonnegan you get the 400 grand yet ? hooker not yet , but ... ( stop suddenly ) hey , there 's only a grand here . lonnegan ( more like a command ) I think we oughta place another bet tomorrow . hooker ( get angry ) what be this ? that 's my money . you tryin ' to muscle I ? lonnegan ( control ) if you system 's as foolproof as you say , you will get even more . hooker 's in a jam and he know it . hooker ( after a pause ) I gotta talk to I partner first . we can not afford to expose we game too much . lonnegan let I talk to he . hooker ( flatly ) no. lonnegan you want you money back ? try and get it in a court of law . ( soften a bit ) c'mon , do not be a sorehead . I will make it worth you while . migth even help ya finance the big play if this one work out . hooker say nothing for a minute , and then reluctantly nod he head . hooker four o'clock tomorrow . pick I up at dewey lyle 's . CUT to : ext . lonnegan' HOTEL - day we pick up hooker come out of the hotel and go off down the street . as he do so , we pull back all the way across the street and through the interior of a park car to reveal the silhouette of a man seat at the wheel . we move to he right hand , which rest on the steering column . it 's cover by a black glove and the middle finger be miss . his trigger finger , however , tap lightly on the wheel . CUT to : int . a indoor telephone booth - day one of the old , wooden kind -- accordian door with glass pane in the upper half . hooker dial rapidly . hooker twist ? I tell he the tale . he want to see ya . twist all right , when ? hooker tomorrow , after 4:00 . stay inside , I will come in and get ya . and be hard on he for a while ; he 's talk money . twist okay , tootsie . hooker blow a mock kiss through the phone and hang up . he turn to leave the booth , when suddenly he see something that stop he cold . there look through the glass be the smirk face of detective synder . hooker be immobilize . Snyder put he hand inside he coat and slowly draw out he gun . he point it right at hooker 's face and then violently smashes all the glass in the upper half of the door with the barrel . fragment of glass spray into the booth , a couple of which imb themselves in hooker 's cheek . hooker quickly whip open the door , trapping Snyder 's hand in the accordian and jarring loose he gun . hooker sprint out of the booth as Snyder scramble for he pistol and give pursuit . ext . alley and sidestreet - night - the two men we follow the two man up alley and sidestreet as they race through the dregs of the city , two panting shadow move through place that only get light at night . the wind blow drop of blood off hooker 's cheek as he run . Snyder still have he gun , but would rather inflict pain than death . condemned build hooker make for a condemn building and scramble up the stair , step give way under he as he go . int . build on the fourth floor , he duck into a room and quickly lock the door . we pan the room to reveal that the whole back side of the building be go . hooker run toward the ledge and leap through the air , landing on the fire escape of a adjacent building , some 15 foot away . he kick in a window and go off down the hall . we cut back to Snyder furiously kick in the lock door . he finally crash through , only to find a empty room and a beautiful panorama of the city and its nearest hooverville . CUT to : long shot - hooker winding he way through the slum area of town , dash along backstreet , over fence and through vacant lot , make good he escape . from we angle , he look like a rat in a maze . gondorff ( v.o. ) why do not you tell I about Snyder before ? hooker ( v.o. ) I think I would lose he . CUT to : int . gondorff' room at the carousel build - day hooker sit sullenly at the table . billie stand over he put some ointment on he face to close the cut . gondorff look on . they discussion continue . gondorff well you find he again and we be gonna have to do something ' about it . what else have not ya be tellin ' I ? hooker nothin ' . I tell ya everything there be . gondorff then why would ya move outa you room ? hooker it be too noisy . gondorff you can not play you friend like mark , hooker . hooker do not reply . he know gondorff 's on to he . gondorff you know how easy it would be for one of lonnegan 's guy to nail you ? hooker all we need be a couple day , Henry . a couple day and we will get lonnegan down and stomp on them . gondorff you just will not learn , will ya . Hell , you come in here , I teach you stuff maybe five guy in this world know , stuff most grifter could not do even if they know it , and all you wanna do be run down a bullet . ( pause ) you be just like all they new jerk . lotsa nerve and no brain . and ten year from now when I and the other be through and you dumb guy be all dead there will not be one gee leave who know the Big con be anything more than a way to make a livin ' . hooker a couple day ; that 's all I be askin ' . I can stay clear that long . gondorff ( try to be angry and fail ) Christ , they will probably miss you and hit I . fade out . fade in : the wire fade out . fade in : int . a sleepy diner - late afternoon locate across the street from hooker 's apartment building . hooker sit down alone in a booth , with a plate of ham and egg he 's hardly touch . the two cut on he face have pretty much stop bleed . a big fan above the counter area drone away lethargically , it 's air stream insufficient to either cool the place or drive out the smell of onion and grease . a waitress , Loretta , emerge from the kitchen and amble slowly over to hooker 's table . slim and raven-haire , she manifest a indifference breed from year spend deliver thing to people who be rarely grateful for what she bring . only a light scar on she leave cheek hint at another side . loretta you do ? hooker yeh , I guess I shoulda have the meat loaf . loretta ( deadpan ) it be not any better . hooker where 's June today ? loretta ( figure up the bill ) she do not work here no more . I be fillin ' in for a couple day ... till I can get a train outa here . hooker where you goin ' ? loretta ( put the check down and walk away ) I do not know . depend what train I get on . hooker look for some sign that she 's put he on . he do not get it . he take out some money , drop it on the table and walk out . CUT to : ext . a western union office - late afternoon a truck with the word clayton bros . , custom painting and decorate stencile on the side , be park out front . two man , wear overall and painter 's cap , walk into the office to the reception counter , we see that they be twist and singleton . twist ( to the receptionist ) Excuse I . we be here to paint Mr. harmon 's office . receptionist ( obviously not expect they ) Mr. harmon 's office ? hold on just a second . she go to get Mr. harmon . CUT to : ext . the sleezy diner - late afternoon hooker be stand on the curb outside the diner , obviously wait for somebody . lonnegan 's car pull up and hooker hop in the back . lonnegan what happen to you face ? hooker have a little fight with a raggle down on 13th . she get I with she ring . lonnegan laugh . CUT to : int . the western union office again - late afternoon Mr. harmon be look over the authorization papers that twist and singleton have give he . he can not find anything wrong with it . harmon brigham sign it all right . I can not understand why he do not tell I . singleton ah , he 's like all they supervisor . they think they be too good for regular people . he say he be in here a while ago and the place be a mess . harmon look around , hope it 's not true . twist we will try and hurry so we do not keep you out of you office too long . harmon why can not I work with you in there ? singleton look pal , we gotta cover the floor , the furniture , everything , so we do not spill on nothing . now if you wanta sit in there with a tarp over you head , you be welcome to it . harmon all right , how long will you be ? twist hour or two at the most . we do good work . harmon be resign . twist and singleton pick up they gear and march into the office . once inside , we notice that the office have a exit door which open to a outside alley . twist immediately remove he overall , revealing the suit and tie he 's wear underneath . he take out a picture of himself , a woman and three small child , and put it on harmon 's desk , replace a similiar picture of harmon 's family . singleton , meanwhile , have spread a few tarp and begin to paint the wall . CUT to : ext . the western union office - late afternoon lonnegan 's car pull up and stop across the street . hooker we will go to the side door . we follow hooker and lonnegan across the street to the side entrance which open into : int . harmon' office hooker knock and twist , of course , answer . hooker Les , I get Mr. lonnegan with I . he want to see you a second . twist ( irritate ) what the hell 's the matter with you . we coulda meet at a club or something ' . hooker I think it might be good for he to see the setup . twist ( hushed ) well we can not talk in here . they be have the place paint . twist walk over to the intercom on he desk . he leave the door open so that lonnegan can get a good look at the office , twist 's picture in it , the painter , etc ... lonnegan 's not miss any of it . twist ( talk into the intercom ) miss barne , I be go home a little early today . tell anyone that call that they can reach I here in the morning . thank you . CUT to : int . front office harmon 's secretary at the other end of the intercom . Mr. harmon be with she . they look at each other a second and harmon decide he better see what 's happen in he office . he open the door to find it empty except for a pile of painting equipment and one haphazardly paint wall . CUT to : int . a dilapidated chinese restaurant - evening Dark and somewhat forebode , its peel dragon and shoddy lantern compete for space with the many slot machine and arcade game that line the wall . hooker , lonnegan and twist sit at one of the more secluded table . they be not eat . twist can not do it . there be telegraph inspector all over the place . I get 750 grand come in from the coast , and I be not gonna blow it for a lousy 14 gee . we will get somebody else to do we betting . lonnegan I could come up with 750 grand in a day if I have a reason to . twist but who say you will . I get a guy I can depend on . he 's liquidate everything he have for this . you would not even give carver he money back . lonnegan I need more proof , that 's all . anybody can get lucky once . twist ( stubbornly ) on a 6 - 1 shot ? the hell with ya . we will keep the deal we get . lonnegan if it work again tomorrow , I will have a half million in cash here by noon the next day . we split 60 - 40 . twist ( feebly , beginning to break ) we be get 50 from we guy . lonnegan with 20 % come off the top for I lay you bet . either way you end up with 40 . twist hesitates . lonnegan a week 's a long time , friend . anything can happen . all of it bad . hooker he 's right , Les . twist yeh , and what if we play tomorrow and he do not come up with the money . we risk we whole operation for nothing . I will say when we make we bet . lonnegan not if you want I to keep makin ' them for ya . hooker and what do we know about you guy . he say a week , but who know if it 's a month ? lonnegan here 's a banker . he can get that dough with no question ask . twist say nothing for a minute , then : twist all right . be at the booth at 1:00 . I will give you all three place this time , lonnegan . that better be proof enough . hooker and lonnegan smile at each other like life - long friend . they get up to leave , and we frame the shot with a coffee cup large in the foreground . as they go out the door , a black - glove hand with four finger enter the frame and put a nickel down next to the cup . fade out . fade in : the shut - out fade out . fade in : int . a downtown dinette - morning Snyder finish a donut and a cup of coffee , put down a dime for the lot and exit . we follow he down the street : ext . STREET to a corner newsstand , where he stop to buy a morning paper . as he peruse it , he 's approach by two large , clean - cut man in white skimmer . man be you Lieutenant William Snyder ? snyder I do not know , what 's up ? man f.b.i ... the Captain would like a few word with ya . ya get a couple minute ? snyder ( completely floor ) yeh , sure . the two man show he to a wait car . CUT to : int . a abandoned warehouse - day Snyder stand in the middle of a dusty old machine room , surround by four or five Federal Agents . visible around the room be several fold cot and portable locker . the agent have obviously be quarter here temporarily . they all wear white skimmer , save for one , a portly man , Captain Polk , who pace the room smoking . there be something long - suffer about he , as if he wonder how he ever get in a service that think white skimmer be classy . snyder what be this ? I get work to do . polk sit down and shut up , will ya . try not to live up to all my expectation . ( not in the mood to screw around ) we be tell you know a hustle artist name johnny hooker . Snyder do not answer . polk do ya know he or do not ya ? snyder yeh , but I do not know where he be . polk well we do . he 's chummin ' around with a Big C name Henry gondorff . Ring any bell ? snyder sure . every bunco man in the country know gondorff . polk there 's word he 's gonna run a con on the North side here . we get a year - old Florida warrant on he , but it 's a thin beef , and he can beat it in court unless we catch he cold . all we want you to do be pick up hooker for we . snyder why do not you pick he up yourself ? polk Cause the stooly be use to street dick jumpin ' he . if word get around that fed be in on it too , gondorff will fold up the whole thing . snyder would not that be too bad . you would hafta move outa this nice office ya get . polk ( enraged ) do not crack wise to I , flatfoot . I spend a lotta time in dump like this , eatin ' gondorff 's dust while the bunco squad get rich tippin ' he off . but it 's not gonna happen this time . we be not even gonna let the police know we be here . if you keep you mouth shut and do a job , there will be a promotion in it for ya . and you better take it , cause I can make ya work for we without it . snyder what the hell good be hooker to ya ? polk he 's gonna set up gondorff for we . snyder he will never do it . polk ( self -satisfy ) I think he will . CUT to : int . drugstore - day lonnegan sit by the phone , watch the clock and sip a cup of coffee . CUT to : int . the store - day specifically , the small room from which singleton do he race broadcast . singleton , himself , be hunch over the ticker machine , read the print-out . billie sit at the microphone table with a pencil and pad , ready to write . singleton visitation be still up by two at the three - quarter . single action second , fasanella third . billie what 's the line on visitation ? singleton ( check further up on the print - out sheet ) 7 to 2 . that be not bad . billie he will probably fall down . gondorff appear at the doorway . gondorff how ya doin ' ? singleton ( eye still glue to the ticker ) nothin ' yet . I get a good one on the lead at hialeah , but he 's fadin ' . billie best we have be cat 's Eye in the second at Del Mar , and he be only 5 - 2 . not many longshot comin ' in today . singleton ( excited ) billie . you ready ? billie prepare to write on she pad . billie yeh , go ahead . singleton at the finish , it 's single action by two , fasanella second , visitation third . ( read up the sheet again ) line on single action ... 3 to 2 . Hell with it , that 's no good . billie crumple up the piece of paper she 's be write on and chuck it in a wastecan . gondorff we do not need big odd on this one , j.j. take anything you get at 3 - 1 or better . gondorff leave the room , as singleton turn back to he vigil at the ticker . singleton ( a little weary ) okay , the fairfield stake at Santa anita . mile and a quarter for 3 year old and up . CUT to : the floor area of the store everyone be in he place as before . today , however , curly Jackson be play the part of the aging sport . well scrubbed and clean shaven , he cut a dash figure in he blue blazer and white pants . we go to gondorff in the cashier 's cage . he 's talk to nile , who 's busy hand out fake bankrolls to member of the boost . gondorff he 's gonna hit ya with 20 grand , Eddie . how much cash we get ? nile not enough to cover a bet that big . gondorff get a couple extra guy in the line , then . we will give he the shut -out . nile nod . CUT to : int . drugstore - day lonnegan be still wait . he take the 20 grand out of he coat pocket and thumb through it , just to make sure it 's all there . CUT to : int . the store - day singleton and billie at the ticker again . billie look a little sleepy . singleton be obviously involved with the progress of a race . singleton okay , billie , here we go . billie snap to and prepare to write as singleton read . singleton at the wire it 's Wrecking Crew the winner by five , Grand theft second , wingless third . ( read up ) Wrecking Crew be ...4 to 1 . ( rip the sheet out of the ticker ) that 's we boy . billie and singleton hustle out of the room . ext . alley we follow billie through the store and across the alley to the building from which twist keep he lookout . CUT back to : int . the store gondorff , hold the ticker sheet singleton have give he , emerge from the office and start give instruction to the boost . gondorff all right , furey , you horse be wingless . paltrow , the Big Alabama and Phillips will take Grand theft. rodger and eirie have Wrecking Crew . Jackson -- his dandy , cowan -- Change of heart , fiskin and chappie -- make to order. ( point to the eirie kid ) eirie , he get a bang outa seein ' you lose , so we oughta use that on them . if you play the bird of a feather routine we work on , it should steam he up pretty good . you think you can handle that ? eirie kid ( a little nervous ) yeh , sure . gondorff o.k. , you guy in line take you time , and I wanta see lotsa joy on Wrecking Crew . CUT to : int . twist be room - day billie enter and give twist the piece of paper she write the race result on . he pick up the phone and start to dial . CUT to : int . drugstore - day the phone ring and lonnegan answer it . voice Wrecking Crew at 4 - 1 , Grand theft to place , make to order to show . lonnegan smile and hang up the phone . CUT to : int . the store - day lonnegan 's in line at the betting window . there be four people in front of he this time , and they be move rather slowly . the " last flash " call be hear on the speaker . lonnegan ( get impatient ) c'mon , let 's hurry up there . the man at the head of the line turn around and give lonnegan a chill look , as if he be beneath contempt . he put down $ 25,000 on Grand theft . the next man in line plunge down $ 30,000 on Wrecking Crew . just as lonnegan be about to step to the window , gondorff give a quick signal to singleton . the speaker come on . caller lady and gentlemen , this be Arnold rowe , you caller for the $ 100,000 fairfield stake at Hollywood Park in Los Angeles . a mile and 3 / 8 for three year old and up . and they be off ! lonnegan ( count out he money ) twenty -thousand on Wrecking Crew . nile I be sorry , sir . we can not take bet after the race be start . he point to a sign above the window , which say exactly that . lonnegan grab up he money in disgust . gondorff do not take it so hard , pal . you probably woulda lose it . lonnegan wander over to the bar in a funk . caller and around the first turn it 's Wrecking Crew by a half length , Grand theft second by one , his dandy be third by one half , follow by Change of heart , back flip , make to order and High Ground . the assemble patron be once again thoroughly involved in the race . eirie come up to lonnegan at the bar . eirie kid who you get ? lonnegan ( half -heartedly ) Wrecking Crew . eirie kid I too . maybe it 's we day . lonnegan nod and wander away . hooker come over to he . hooker what happen ? lonnegan I do not get the bet down in time . hooker ( piss ) oh , Jesus . CUT to : int . store office gondorff and nile , back in the office . nile ( look out at the floor ) look like he 's sulk . gondorff if we be lucky , this will bring he back stronger than ever . CUT to : the floor caller come for home , it 's Wrecking Crew by six length , make to order be second by two and a half , High Ground be third by a length and Grand theft be come fast on the rail . it 's Wrecking Crew , make to order and Grand theft . Wrecking Crew win it by five length , Grand theft be second by a nose , make to order be third by two . time for one and 3 / 8 mile , 2:11 and 4/10 second . eirie explode in a joyous frenzy . he grab lonnegan by the shoulder and shake he . eirie kid we win ! we win ! you hear that ! I win 30,000 ! you hear that ! yeh , lonnegan hear that . lonnegan shake loose , grab he coat and head for the door . ext . alley - day he find hooker wait for he outside . lonnegan tell you friend I will have the money here by post-time tomorrow . we will take the first race where the odd be 4 - 1 or better . and make sure I can get to that window this time . hooker how be I gonna do that ? lonnegan ( coarsely ) I do not know , figure something out . lonnegan storm across the street to he wait car and drive off . hooker relax into a smile . he 's already figure something out . CUT to : int . sleezy diner across from hooker' apt . bldg . - evening hooker sit at the counter finish a plate of meat loaf . Loretta be down at the cash register , lean on the counter , look idly out into space . hooker glance over at she every once in a while to see if she might be interested in strike up a little conversation . she 's not . he finish he meal and come down to the register to pay he bill . hooker meat loaf , apple pie and a cup of coffee . loretta ( ringing it up ) sixty -five . hooker give she a dollar . she go to the register for change . hooker what time you get off work here ? loretta 2:00 a.m. hooker you doin ' anything tonight ? loretta ( hand he he change ) yeh , sleepin' . hooker figure that 's enough of that . he pocket he change and start out the door , when suddenly he stop short . ext . STREET across the street in a doorway be the silhouette of a man . it 's Cole . he 's pretend not to look at the diner , but hooker be not fool . int . diner he go back to Loretta at the register . hooker you get a back door to this place ? loretta no . what 's wrong with the front ? hooker ( urgently now ) look , I do not have time to fuck around . there 's somebody out there I do not need to see . you get a fire escape or anything ? loretta no . hooker all right , do I a favor . go into the bathroom , open the window and wait for I there . loretta what the hell for ? hooker just do what I tell ya and everything will be jake . crack of concern begin to appear in Loretta 's marble . loretta what do this guy want ? hooker ( evenly ) he would like to kill I . Loretta just look at he a second . realizing that this be no joke , she turn and walk slowly but steadily to the bathroom . hooker wait until she 's out of sight . ext . STREET hooker go to the front door and step outside . Cole look up at the sound of the door . hooker make a big show of spot he , and run back into the diner . Cole , he cover blow , draw he gun and race across the street in pursuit . arrive just in time to see -- int . diner hooker go into the bathroom , he charge in after he , only to find the place empty . he go quickly from stall to stall , on the chance that hooker might be hide in one of they . he come to one that 's close , and see a pair of woman 's leg under the door , reject that , and move on to the next one . we cut inside the stall to reveal Loretta sit on the toilet with she skirt hike up . right behind she , crouch on the back of the seat , be hooker . Cole have finish he rapid inspection now , and have find nothing , look around for hooker 's probable escape route . he see the open window and climb out to find himself in a small air shaft , from which he know hooker could not escape . hooker , seize the time , burst out of the stall and run back out through the diner . Cole see he , but too late to get off a shot . he climb back in the window and give chase . ext . STREET we pick up hooker barrel down the street with Cole a hundred yard or so behind . hooker make a sharp cut into a alley , and we see immediately that it 's a hopeless dead end . inexplicably , he make no attempt to run back out . Cole draw up and cut into the alley , anticipate the kill which should be easy now . he prepare to sight down he victim , when suddenly he realize there be no victim in sight . hooker , miraculously , have vanish . Cole scan the alley frantically for some trace of he . there be no window or door at the street level . not even a drain pipe . just brick wall . it 's impossible . hooker have disappear into thin air . Cole slam he gun into he shoulder holster with a curse , and start back out of the alley , when all of a sudden he stop in utter terror . his mouth drop open and he choke out the word : cole salino , hey look . I do not mean to move in on ... before anything else can come out , two bullet rip into he chest . he fall to the concrete , come to rest on a manhole cover , which we notice be slightly ajar . we : CUT to : the sewer pipe beneath the manhole . we see hooker make he way through the slop , have gain another reprieve , but unaware that with two down , there be still one to go . CUT to : int . hooker' apartment build - evening hooker come in the front entrance and go to the elevator , one of the old - fashioned kind with the iron grid on the inside . he 's still a little rattle and wait for the elevator be make he restless . it finally arrive , and he step inside , close the grid behind he . as he start to push the button for he floor , he realize for the first time that he 's not alone . he look to the corner to find Snyder , hold a gun on he . this time there 's not much doubt that he will use it if necessary . CUT to : int . the abandoned warehouse - evening Snyder bring hooker into the crate room where capt . Polk and the other Agents be wait . Polk , as usual , have he coat off , revealing he shoulder holster . polk hello , Mr. hooker . Captain Polk , f.b.i ... ( shove a chair over to he ) have a seat . hooker remain stand . polk ( ignore it , drink from a cup ) you want a drink or something ? hooker no . polk we want to talk to ya about Henry gondorff . hooker do not think I know he . polk well give yourself a couple second , crumb . you would not wanna lie to I . Lt. Snyder here say you do a lotta griftin ' in this town . hooker Lt. Snyder do not know shit . capt . Polk almost laugh , but he check it . hooker you get nothin ' on I . polk we will get it , and if we can not , we will just make it up . Grand larceny , extortion . ( with special emphasis ) counterfeit , anything you want . hooker say nothing , but it 's not from defiance now . he 's beginning to get the picture . polk look , I get nothin ' against you , but you be in trouble here . all you gotta do be tell we when gondorff 's gonna play he chump . we come in at the sting , make the pinch , and you walk out free as a bird . no question , no court appearance , nothing . hooker no . polk you have already do time twice , and judge do not like three time loser . you wanna sit in the can for forty year , startin ' tonight ? hooker I will make parole . polk like hell . you will not even get a review till you be seventy . and if the board start to go soft , we will let ya out in the yard some night with a hard - nose young bull who will put fifty slug in you face and ask what you be doin ' there later . hooker want to come back with something , but can not find it . polk do not be a sap , kid . you could save we a little trouble . but Henry gondorff be through whether you help we or not . there 's nothin ' leave to do now but save yourself . hooker 's thoroughly whipped . he sit down for the first time . hooker ( softly ) will you wait until the chump be play ? polk Hell yes . we do not care about the mark . he deserve what he get . hooker ( with heat ) I mean completely play . until he 's beat and the score be take . you come in before we beat he and I will kill he . you will have a tough time explain that , will not ya . polk all right , hooker , but you take it on the lam , and we will shoot you down on sight . hooker ( barely audible ) just as long as I get to finish the play . CUT to : int . gondorff' room - night gondorff and hooker be play gin rummy and drink . gondorff make little comment as he play , but hooker be quiet and withdraw . the carousel be not in operation and a heavy silence hang over the place . gondorff what 's the matter , kid ? you be not sayin ' much . hooker just a little nervous , that 's all . gondorff luther always tell I to bite my toenail when I get nervous . you see yourself doin ' that and you realize it be not worth it . hooker smile feebly . billie appear at the door . billie thing be a little slow tonight , Henry . I wanna open the round for the girl . gondorff take out a set of key and toss they to she . she leave to go start the merry - go-round . gondorff settles back into the game . gondorff take it easy , you will not lose he now . we have he 10 year ago when he decide to be somebody . believe I , I have see enough to know . hooker ( softly ) how many guy you con in you life , Henry ? gondorff two or three hundred I guess . sometimes play two a day when I be in Shea 's mob . we have it down to a business . ( pause ) ' course Chicago be a right town then . the fix be in . the dick take they end without a beef . all the Wall Street boy want to make investment for we . even have mark look we up , thinkin ' they could beat the game . ( pause ) yeh , kid , it really stink . no sense in bein ' a grifter if it 's the same as bein ' a citizen . gondorff chuck he card on the table . he 's through for the night . gondorff I better do some packin' . I be gonna be a hot number again after tomorrow . hooker then why you doin ' it ? gondorff seem worthwhile , do not it ? maybe it 's just for the cave - in on lonnegan 's face when we put in the sting . that 's good enough . hooker get up to leave . hooker Henry . hooker yeh . hooker ( apologetically ) I appreciate you stickin ' you neck out . I would not have ask ya if it be not for luther . gondorff ai not nothin ' gonna make up for luther , kid . ( pause ) revenge be for sucker . I be griftin' 30 year and never get any . hooker just nod and walk out the door . int . carousel we follow he past the carousel which be now full of giggle prostitute in various stage of undress . they childish frolick be charming from a group usually so jade , but it 's lose on hooker tonight . CUT to : ext . a CITY STREET - night it 's late now and the street be desert save for a occasional derelict or streetwalker on she way home from a night 's work . we pick up hooker come down the street toward he apartment building . he walk slowly , almost reluctantly , as if he do not care whether he ever get there or not . as he near he building , he notice Loretta come out of the diner across the street . he stop and watch as she look up and disappear into a adjacent building that advertise room for rent . after a few second , we see a light come on in one of its second story window . hooker just stand there a second , debate with himself , try to figure out a reason for do what he 's go to do anyway . we follow he across the street to Loretta 's building and : int . lorreta be he go up the stair to the room where the light come on . he pass a couple of derelict on the way . he knock twice and Loretta answer in she bathrobe . she be more than a little startle to see he . loretta look like he miss ya . hooker yeh , this time anyway . Loretta notice a old busybody peeping out at they from she room across the hall . loretta good night , Mrs. hillard . Mrs. hillard quickly close she door . hooker ( shuffle a little ) I , ah ... think you might wanna come out for a while . maybe have a drink or somethin' . loretta you move right along , do not ya . hooker ( with more innocence than confidence ) I do not mean nothin ' by it . I just do not know many regular girl , that 's all . loretta and you expect I to come over , just like that . hooker if I expect something ' , I would not be still standin ' out here in the hall . Loretta look at he carefully . she know it 's not a line . loretta ( with less resistance now ) I do not even know you . hooker ( slowly ) you know I . I be just like you ... it 's two in the morning and I do not know nobody . the two just stand there in silence a second . there 's nothing more to say . she stand back and let he in . CUT to : int . gondorff' room - night a record spin lazily on a old phonograph . we hear Robert Johnson 's " come on in my Kitchen . " gondorff be sit up in bed , with he hat on , lose in think . billie be curl up asleep next to he . there 's a pack suitcase next to the bed . billie wake up and turn over a second . billie c'mon , Henry , knock off . you have do everything you can . gondorff nod he agreement like a zombie and go right on think . CUT to : lorreta's room hooker and Loretta be asleep against each other , they body illuminate every few second by the light from a neon sign across the street . we dolly to the window and move in on another window in the building next door . there 's no light on in it , but we can discern the basic outline of a face behind the curtain , which be slightly parte to afford a view of hooker 's room by a black - glove hand . " I say come on in my kitchen Cause it 's gonna be rainin ' outdoors . " Music end . fade out . fade in : the sting fade out . fade in : we open on hooker in bed , the morning sun stream in on he face . he awaken slowly , look at the ceiling for a second and , remember last night , turn to the side to find that Loretta be no longer there . still drowsy , he get out of bed and look around the room for a note or some evidence of she continue presence . he open a empty closet , then open empty drawer . find nothing , he suddenly hit on another possibility , and look in he wallet . the money be still there . almost disappointed , he slump down in a chair , as the harsh reality of what will happen this day flood back in on he . Music begin and we : CUT to : int . a unknown location - day we see the black - glove hand open a small wooden box . wrapped inside be a shiny black revolver , at this point in two piece . the hand reach in and take they out . CUT to : int . the sleezy diner - day hooker be poke at a plate of waffle and sausage . the waitress on duty be not Loretta and hooker have notice . CUT to : int . gondorff' room - day gondorff be stand in front of the bathroom mirror , put on he tuxedo . he go to he dresser , pull out a very small gun and tuck it in he cummerbund . CUT to : the gunnman' room again the hand swirl a pipe cleaner inside the barrel of the revolver and pick some lint out of the chamber . he then screw the barrel onto the body . this be all see in closeup . CUT to : hooker' room again hooker now have he tuxedo on . he take two small rubber bladder out of a drawer and put they in he pocket . CUT to : int . lonnegan' suite - day lonnegan pace nervously around the room , look at the clock . obviously wait for something , he 's get extremely impatient . CUT to : the gunnman' room again we watch the hand carefully load bullet into the chamber of the revolver . CUT to : int . the carousel build - day gondorff emerge from he room carry he suitcase . he stop and look up at the mezzanine where billie be stand . they smile sadly at each other and give a simple wave , have do this too many time to get sentimental about it now . gondorff walk out of the building . CUT to : hooker' room again hooker be busily stuff all he possession in a paper bag , lumping clothes with food , record and toilet article . CUT to : lonnegan' suite again lonnegan go to the door to admit floyd and two assistant , one of whom carry a large brief case . lonnegan take the brief case to a table and open it . Inside be a half million dollar in cash . CUT to : int . the gunnman' room again we see the hand put a silencer on the revolver . the gunman put the revolver up to he eye to check the alignment and for the first time we see the face that go with the hand . it be fully as menace as we have imagine : Broad , flat nose , thick crack lip , narrow eye and cauliflower ear . CUT to : hooker' room again hooker be on the phone now . int . warehouse we see that he 's talk to Captain Polk . Snyder listen also . hooker' room hooker finish the conversation , hang up and go to take one last look at himself in the mirror . find everything in order , he grab up he sack of possession and leave the room . ext . hooker' apartment we pick he up emerge from the building , and follow he around the corner to a secluded alley which he generally take on he way to the store . as he walk along , he notice Loretta come toward he from the other end . she 's wear a coat , obviously on she way somewhere . as she come closer , we move to reveal the gunman appear suddenly in the alley behind and to the right of hooker . ext . alleyway the gunman quickly take out he revolver , brace it in the crook of he hand , and take careful aim . Loretta see he . the gunman fire . Loretta fall dead on the asphalt . hooker spin around in confusion . the gunman move quickly toward he . hooker start to back up but the gunman stop when he get to Loretta . he kick she over to reveal a gun under she body . gunman she be gonna kill ya , kid . hooker be stunne . he can not believe it . gunman ( drag the body over behind a trash can ) her name 's Loretta salino . lonnegan 's people set she up in the diner . c'mon , let 's get outa here . hooker want to stay and try to figure it all out , but the gunman drag he away . CUT to : int . the abandoned warehouse - day Polk , Snyder and several federal agent be busy put on they shoulder holster , and check they weapon . polk ( to Snyder ) whoever gondorff 's playin ' for be bound to be a wheel . as soon as we be inside , I want you to get the guy outa there as fast as possible , before the reporter show up . we can not afford to embarrass any big shot . Snyder nod . CUT to : ext . lonnegan' HOTEL - day lonnegan , carry the brief case personally , be see get into he limousine . four assistant get in with he . CUT to : int . the store - day gondorff enter the store carry he suitcase . several of the boost be already there . gondorff clasp he hand to generate a little enthusiasm . he 's obviously up for this one . CUT to : int . taxi cab - day hooker sit in the back seat with the gunman right next to he . he 's still very uneasy with this man . hooker she coulda kill I last night . gunman too many people coulda see ya go in she room . she be a professional . use to work in the dutch schultz gang . hooker who be you ? gunman gondorff ask I to look after ya . hooker how do I know you be tellin' the truth . gunman do not have much choice , do ya ? we go to hooker . no , he do not . CUT to : ext . the abandoned warehouse - day we pick up Polk , Snyder and the other federal agent come out of the warehouse in they white skimmer , and pile into car . CUT to : the store again nile be busily spread " boodle " all over the cashier 's area . singleton check he microphone . it work fine . he check it again . CUT to : lonnegan in he limousine he hold the brief case in he lap , he finger tapping lightly on it . CUT to : the store again hooker and the gunman enter and go over to gondorff , who break into a wide smile . hooker return it halfheartedly , still ill at ease about what have happen . CUT to : the f.b.i. car on there way there be four or five drive in a column . Snyder and Polk ride together in the back of the lead car . CUT to : ext . the drugstore - day lonnegan 's limousine pull up outside , and the bodyguard pile out . CUT to : the store again gondorff , hooker and the other wait , the tension express in they face . int . the drugstore - day lonnegan sit tensely in the usual booth . he keep both hand firmly plant on the brief case . the phone ring and lonnegan go to it . Music end . voice place it on syphon at 8 - 1 . lonnegan hang up with the look of the financial killer . eight to one odd be more than even he could have hope for . ext . STREET we follow lonnegan across the street and into the store . the bodyguard remain outside . int . the store the store be buzzing with activity . money and booze be everywhere . the sheet writer and the boardmarker can hardly keep up with the action . lonnegan walk quickly to the betting line and find to he relief that there 's only one man ahead of he . the man put $ 25,000 on King 's image . lonnegan step to the window , swing up the brief case , and open it for nile to see . lonnegan ( straight - face ) five hundred grand on syphon . nile be strike dumb . he 's never see that much money before . nile ( play the flustered clerk ) hold on , I will have to get the manager . nile go and return with gondorff . gondorff what 's the problem ? nile ( point to the brief case ) he want to put a half million on syphon . gondorff look at the money a second and then look up at lonnegan like he 's gotta be crazy . gondorff ( uneasily ) I can not lay that off in time . we lose a bet that big , it could break we . lonnegan ( challenging ) if ya win it could make ya , too . gondorff ( to nile ) what be the odd on syphon ? nile eight to one . gondorff look at lonnegan long and hard . gondorff a half mill on a eight to one shot . you be dumber than I think , lonnegan . lonnegan you be more gutless than I think . the word " last flash " be hear on the speaker . gondorff look at lonnegan with utter contempt . he turn to nile . gondorff ( chop ) take it . nile hurriedly write out a slip for 500,000 dollar . lonnegan , allow himself a sly smile , pick it up and retire to a nearby table . he flash a little okay sign to hooker who acknowledge it with a nod . caller lady and gentleman , this be Arnold rowe , you caller for the San Antonio handicap at pimlico in Baltimore -- a mile and 1 /16 for three - year-old . and they be off . lonnegan take a deep breath and lean forward in he chair , the larceny boil in he vein . hooker look to gondorff . gondorff give he the " office . " hooker have to smile . caller and around the first turn it 's King 's image by a neck , syphon be second by one , Key to the vault third by one half , follow by Mr. moonlight , Red Ridge , moneyman and no charge . unexpectedly , kid twist burst in through the entrance . barely able to control he enthusiasm , he hurry over to lonnegan 's table and sit down next to he . twist sorry , but I just could not wait . do everything go all right ? lonnegan ( motion for he to keep he voice down ) take it easy . everything 's all right . I put it on syphon , on the nose . twist ( in utter horror ) on the nose ! I say place . place it on syphon . that horse be go to run second . lonnegan look like he 's just be stab . he vault over the table to the teller 's window and grab nile . lonnegan you give I my goddamn money back ! you hear I ? there 's be a mistake ! nile I be sorry , sir . the betting 's close . lonnegan begin to shake he violently . lonnegan you give I my money back . there 's be a mistake , do you hear I ? gondorff leap to nile ' aid when suddenly there be a crash at the entrance door , and Polk , Snyder and eight federal agent burst into the room , gun draw . the place fall silent except for the loudspeaker , the member of the boost afraid to move . gondorff and nile look at each other wonder how this could have possibly happen . polk ( motion to hooker ) all right , hooker , you can go . hooker 's eye go to gondorff , who look back at he in utter disbelief , the betrayal raging in he feature . hooker , unable to meet he gaze , lower he head and start to walk out . almost unnotice , there 's a flash of movement at gondorff 's belt . a small gun . a shot . hooker clutches he back and fall dead on the floor , the blood spurting from he mouth . Polk , reacting instantly , pour four shot into gondorff , who go down in a heap . pandemonium break loose . the member of the boost race for the door . lonnegan be totally stunne . first he lose he money and now he 's involved in a murder . Snyder rush over to he . snyder c'mon . we gotta get you outa here . ext . STREET Snyder drag he through the crowd and out onto the street where a f.b.i. car be wait . his bodyguard have long since fle at the sight of the f.b.i. man . lonnegan my money 's back there . snyder we will worry about that later . Snyder get in beside lonnegan , and the car speed away . CUT to : inside the store again the pandemonium have now cease . that who could escape have ; the rest be line up against the wall in frisk position . gondorff and hooker lie on the floor dead . the loudspeaker drone on . singleton be still call the race from he booth , apparently oblivious to what 's happen . caller and the winner be King 's image by four length , syphon be second , by two , moneyman third by two and one half . time for 1 and 1 /16 mile , 1:21 and 2/10 second . Polk walk slowly over to hooker 's body and bend down . polk he 's go . hooker open he eye and slowly drag himself up off the floor , spitting out a little rubber bladder , fill with blood , that he 's have in he mouth . gondorff do likewise . nile , twist , singleton and the rest of the boost begin to laugh and shake hand , as do the Federal Agents . gondorff ( to Polk ) Nice con , hickey . I think you be fed myself , when you first come in . hickey no problem , Henry . Snyder go for it all the way . ( laugh ) you shoulda see the rag he light under lonnegan . gondorff turn to the other . gondorff okay , let 's take this place apart and get outa here . you can get you split from Eddie at boudreau 's tonight . gondorff walk over to hooker , who 's wiping the blood off he face and hand . gondorff you beat he , kid . hooker ( softly ) you be right , Henry . it 's not enough ... but it 's close . gondorff you wanta wait for you share ? hooker naw , I would just blow it . gondorff nod , and walk slowly to behind the bar . he come out with he suitcase in one hand and hooker 's paper bag in another . he throw the paper bag to hooker , who stop by the door . eirie kid be stand there . hooker give the " office " to eirie , who beam and give it back . ext . alley and STREET then hooker and gondorff leave . we hold on they , two ragtail grifter again as they walk off down the street and disappear around the corner . fade out . the end