stir of echoes written by David koepp base on the novel Richard matheson March 26 , 1998 sometimes within the brain 's old ghostly house , I hear , far off , at some forget door , a music and a eerie faint carouse and stir of echoe down the creak floor . " Chambers of imagery " Archibald macleish in the black , a child hum . Gentle water sound . fade in : int a bathroom night jake , a four year old boy , sit in a bathtub . the door to thi bathroom be open and he mother be visible in the background , walk back and forth in the bedroom , get dress to go out . the stereo be blaring in the bedroom , the music echoe off the tile in the tiny bathroom . Jake be play with a plastic airplane . he answer a question . jake yes ( pause ) sometimes . ( pause ) with my toy . he look up , but we be close in on he and can not see who he 's look at . jake ( cont would ) my ... blue sword . no ! the one with the gray tape around the middle . that one . he land the airplane on the water . he giggle . jake ( coast ' d) that 's silly . maggie ( o.s. ) ( from the bedroom ) Jake ? you all right in there ? jake ( call out to the door ) yes ! the airplane take off again . Jake lower he voice to a whisper . jake ( cont would ) what ? ( pause ) my daddy , but he do not know about it yet . he bring the airplane in for a careful water landing and let go of it . he look up . ( continued ) 2 . continued : jake ( cont ' d) can I ask you a question ? he pause , look to the door to make sure he mother be not too close . move back now , we see that Jake be all alone in the bathroom , stare at the empty bathtub across from he . jake ( cont would ) do it hurt to be dead ? under the water , the toy airplane sink and crash land on the bottom of the tub . in the bathroom , maggie witzky , twenty - six or seven , Jake 's mom , city girl know how to take care of herself , poke she head in the doorway , buttone up she blouse . maggie who you talkin ' to , Jake ? he turn to she and whisper . jake it 's a secret . CUT to : int jake' room night tom witzky , maggie 's age , lean and muscle like somebody who work for a live , lie on Jake 's bed next to he son , read he a story . Jake be nearly asleep . tom well , I be walk in the night , and I see nothing scary . for I have never be afraid of anything . not very . I be deep within the wood when , suddenly , I spy they . I see a pair of pale green pants with nobody inside they ! I be not scared . but , yet , I stop . what could that pants be there for ? what could a pair of pants at night be stand in the air for ? maggie lean in the doorway and whisper . maggie be he asleep ? my brother 's here . ( continued ) 3. continued : Tom look at Jake , who be asleep . Tom close the book , turn off the light , and cover he son . he kiss he on the forehead . Tom go to a dresser and turn on the baby monitor ( the transmitter ) . its red light glow . after Tom leave , Jake open he eye and stare . CUT to : ext STREET day the Chicago skyline loom over the street they live on . not the suburb , but not quite downtown either . racially mix . two story brick house jamme side by side , barely room for a raise voice across the narrow driveway . bar on the corner , neon sign -- " bernie' tap . " a homeless guy rant he way down the opposite sidewalk . Tom , maggie , and philip , early twenty , come out of the house and head down the step . Tom carry the baby monitor ( the receiver ) in one hand . Jake 's breathe be clearly audible on the speaker . Tom 's on the sidewalk . maggie , still three step up , stop and put she arm wide . Tom turn around and maggie let herself go , fall straight forward . Tom catch she on he back and carry she piggy - back . she lean around and bite he ear . philip what be the odd of a single woman be at this thing ? tom ` Bout a million to one . philip any hot mommy ? tom depend . how big you like `em ? the hot engine of a yellow tran - be fire up in the driveway of the house across the street . it back into the street , its passenger door hang open . the driver honk the horn and a seventeen year old kid run out of another house and jump into the move vehicle . they take off . the homeless guy berate they , shaking he fist . they reach the step of the house next door . party noise come from within , shadow move in the window . Tom swing maggie around , put she on the step , wrap he arm around she , and kiss she . great kiss . it go on . ( continued ) 4. continued : philip Excuse I , hello , I enjoy soft - core as much as the next guy , but this be almost like incest for I . maggie ( still kissing Tom ) should we tell he ? tom sure . maggie I be pregnant . philip get the fuck outta here ! he grab maggie and hug she . Tom start up the step . philip ( cont ' d) look at this , I have not even have a second date in a year and a half , you guy be on you second kid ! Philip catch up to Tom and throw he arm around he . philip ( cont ' d) you big huggable bear . you be still goin ' back to school , though , right ? you promise I . tom I do not know , I just find out about this . philip I be tell you , if you never go back to college you will regret it for the rest of you life . the memory I have of be a freshman -- that be three of the happiest year of my life . CUT to : int bobby &amp ; vanessa be - live room night twenty or thirty people be crowded into a live room . it 's loud , smoky , there 's music and a ton of booze -- empty beer bottle , five gallon jug of wine , big liter bottle of vodka and gin . ( continued ) 5 . continued : the man be mostly on one side , woman on the other . as maggie head toward the woman , Tom grab she arm and pull she back close . tom Seven year , and I have still never be to a party where you be not the one I want to hang with . she smile , melt , and they part . Tom join the man . bobby , vanessa 's husband , a athletic -look guy hold a sleep three - year-old on he shoulder , talk with frank mccarthy , fortyish , big irish drinker , and harry damon , who be also older than the rest . frank Tom - Tom - Tommy , how be ya ? he shove a beer into Tom 's hand . tom alive on the planet . ( nod to Harry ) Harry . harry hello , tom. takin ' care of the place ? tom actually , I be drillin ' hole in all the floor , Harry . frank ( as Tom drink ) that 's it , take the medicine deep into you body . good , good . harry so how you likin ' the neighborhood ? tom well , I grow up about a mile from here , it be not like a foreign country . frank the hell it be not ! this be the best God damn neighborhood in Chicago , `cause we look out for each other , and that 's sayin ' a lot as we approach the Year of we Lord two thousand . harry what be you , runnin ' for Mayor ? ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 2 ) lenny , the local crank , pipe up . lenny hey , do any of you guy see that dominican crack dealer hangin ' around the park again ? everybody groans . frank ( to Bobby ) what be lenny do here ? do you tell he you be have a party ?! bobby vanessa make I . lenny yeah , laugh it up , laugh it up , and when you all wake up dead with you throat cut some night -- frank I mean , I could see if he just hear the noise and wander in , but to actually invite he into you home .. . lenny -- do not come cryin ' to I ! across the room , Philip survey the selection of female . he see vanessa , late twenty , have not lose the weight from the last baby yet -- philip not attract to ... -- sheila , a thin , nervous woman around Frank 's age -- philip ( cont ' d) not drunk enough for ... -- and a loud woman with enormous hair . philip ( cont ' d) frightened by ... later , everyone have eat , some have leave , the one that remain be bomb . a drunk couple dance dirty . Frank stare long and hard at someone 's cleavage . ( continued ) 7. continued : Sheila , the nervous woman , stare at Frank , piss off . he look at she , give she a " what ? " gesture . must be marry to each other . Tom , on the other side of the room , hear a shriek of woman 's voice : and turn . he see maggie blush , receive hug and congrltulation from the two or three woman around she . in the : itchen , vanessa talk to maggie while she mix up a blender of margarita . the room be jamme with people . vanessa how do you and Tom meet ? maggie he save my life . vanessa no , really . maggie I be serious . the summer I be nineteen , I be at Jones Beach , I swim out too far and get a cramp in my leg . there be no way I be gonna make it back . I be goin ' down , I be swallow water and everything . Tom be a lifeguard . I do not know what he be do out that far , he say he just have a feel . vanessa oh my God , do you have sex with he like , that night ? maggie have to . he say I be he slave until I save he back . vanessa that 's so romantic . Bobby and I meet when I peed in the guy ' john at a bon jovi concert . she hit " puree " on the blender . still later , the party 's down to the hard - core half dozen , who be pass a joint . Tom sit on the couch , foot on the coffee table next to they baby monitor . maggie be next to he , Frank and Sheila be jamme in there too . ( continued ) 8. continued : Bobby and vanessa sit on the floor opposite . Philip be in a chair at the end . vanessa p( ople who say they be hypnotize be not really , they be just , you ko ) with , play along . philip then how could they have needle stick into they throat without bleed ? without even make a sound ? frank bullshit . vanessa you never see that happen . philip uh , hello , I have a two inch needle stick right into the thick of my arm , by my professor , while I be under hypnosis . frank bullshit ! vanessa you be make it up ! bobby that 's disgusting ! maggie I see he arm the next day . it leave a mark . frank bullshit ! sheila can you learn another word ? frank prove it . vanessa yeah , let 's see . frank hypnotize somebody . hypnotize vanessa . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) vanessa oh , no . uh uh . philip why not ? vanessa because , I .night make a fool out of myself ! I no ;.ght , I do not know , expose myself or sowething . she clutches she arm around she breast as she say that . you get the feel she would like to expose herself . philip I think you do not believe in it . vanessa I do not , but -- do maggie . maggie yeah , right . frank you do it , Sheila . we promise not to make you do a strip tease on the kitchen table . Sheila glare at he . they must be fun to hang out with . vanessa that 's what I would do ! that 's exactly the kind of thing I be afraid I would do ! maggie hey Frank , you be the one who 's so curious , why do not you - frank no . maggie ah , that 's different . whaddya get to hide ? frank no fuckin ' way , I be not gonna do it . Tom sit forward . tom what the hell ? I will try anything once . a moment later , a hand switch off the lamp on the table . another hand turn off the lamp in the corner . the music be turn off . Tom sit in the armchair in the n3arly - darken room . Philip shove the coffee table back and sit on it , directly in front of he . the other crowd around expectantly , silent . philip no sound . from anyone , please . any distraction can break it up . he raise he index finger and hold it about a foot in front of Tom 's face . philip ( cont ' d) okay . look at it . tom damn fine lookin ' finger . laughter . philip ( authoritative ) be quiet . ( they do ) look at it . keep look at it . do not look at anything else , just my finger . tom can you clean out the nail , it 's kinda makin ' I sick here . Philip raise two finger and jab Tom in the eye . tom ( cont ' d ) hey , what the fuck ? philip shall we try this again ? tom ( rub he eye ) asshole . ( continued ) 11 . continued : philip look at I , Tom . you be not afraid of this . you want this to happen . do not you ? tom poke I again you son of a batch and I will clock you , I swear to go '.. maggie Philip , have you ever do this before ? philip maggie , please , I nearly have a master 's degree in cognitive psy - maggie have you ever do it before ? philip well , I have see it do a dozen time . maggie try not to screw he up permanently . philip ( to Tom ) you want to be hypnotize . say yes . tom yeah . philip " I want to be hypnotize . " tom I want to be fuckin ' hypnotize , already . philip okay . Close you eye . as Tom do , we eye close too , big heavy lash drop over everything and plunging we into blackness . philip ( o.s. ) just listen for a moment . 12 . in the black , we can still hear the sound of the live room . Tom breathes . Ice clink in a glass as someone drink . a car hum by outside . philip ( o.s. ) now look at the back of you eyelid . do you see anything there ? tom ( o.s. ) uh ... out of the pitch black , we can detect tiny image . tom ( o.s. ) some color ... something float ... up . philip ( of . 's . ) focus on it . a small squiggly line come into focus , drift up through the black , then bounce suddenly downward . philip ( o.s. ) now ... I want you to pretend you be in a theatre . int theatre night we be sit in a theatre , a bare stage at the front . philip ( of . 's . ) a movie theatre . int movie theatre night okay , we be sit in a movie theatre . it 's crowded with people , wait for the movie to start . philip ( o.s . ) you be the only one there . the people disappear . the theatre be empty . philip ( of . 's . ) you be sit near the front . we pop up ten row closer to the screen . ( continued ) 13 . continued : philip ( of . 's . ) the wall of the theatre be black , cover with black velvet . shooop ! Black velvet descend over the wall . philip ( of . 's . ) the seat be cover with black velvet . Black velvet crawl over the seat . philip ( of . 's . ) there be no light in the theatre . the light click off . philip ( of . 's . ) in the whole pitch - black theatre , there 's only one thing you can see . the white screen . you drift toward it , in you chair . up ahead of we , the screen be a dazzle white . we move slowly toward it , float over the seat . philip ( of . 's . ) there be letter up on the screen . tall , thick , black letter , but they be out of focus . you drift closer to they , try to read they . blurry black letter appear on the screen . we drift closer . philip ( o. 's . ) you be comfortable in you black velvet seat , very comfortable . you just sit there , look at the screen , drift closer in you chair , stare at that letter on the screen . you be relax . you foot and ankle be relaxed . you leg be relaxed . you hand be limp and heavy . you arm be relaxed . you face . the letter come into focus , you be close enough now , you can read they . the letter be right in front of we now , but still blurry . philip ( of . 's . ) the letter spell -- ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) the moment he speak the word , five giant black letter come into focus on the white screen , fill we entire field of vision . philip ( of . 's . ) sleep . we stare at that word for a moment -- -- and then everything go black . no sound , no image , no nothing . and then ... int bobby &amp ; vanessa's live room night six face stare right at we from up close . Tom be in the chair , eye open , look disorient . tom do not work , huh ? all six face burst out laugh , a great nervous tension release . somebody turn the light back on , somebody else hit the music . tom ( cont ' d) what ? more laughter . Philip seem very pleased with himself . maggie come and sit on the arm of the chair next to Tom , put she hand on he face . maggie be you okay ? tom do something ' happen ? people start talk , all at once . vanessa you be fake it . you have to be fake it . tom what be you talk about ? frank that be the weirdest thing I have ever see in my whole fuckin ' life . philip how do you feel ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : tom how be I suppose to feel ? philip a little .. , hot , maybe ? everybo jy laugh again . Tom wipe he forehead . he 's cover with sweat . he get up . he do not like this at all , be the only one not in on the joke . tom what would you do to I ? philip nothing much . just have you stretch out as stiff as a board between that two chair -- he point to two dining room chair that be sit back to back four or five foot apart . philip ( cont ' d ) ( lighting a lighter ) -- and run this back and forth under you leg . Tom feel the back of he leg . he look at maggie . tom that happen ? maggie you say it do not hurt at all . and he keep it move . tom hey , thanks a lot , it be very nice of you not to burn my flesh . frank joey ariola woulda burn it . they laugh again . Tom look at he , stunne . tom who ? frank the kid who beat you up all the time when you be twelve . you tell we all about he . you be cryin ' and everything . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) Tom seethes , humiliate . vanessa look at she watch . philip ( low , to vanessa ) do not . frank not time yet . tom what ? frank ( innocently ) huh ? tom not time for what ? maggie Tom , you do not do anything embarrassing or anything . tom aright , somebody else go . come on , let 's go , somebody else , right now . philip Tom , look -- tom nobody ? well , then I guess the party 's over , be not it ? ( to maggie ) let 's go . come on , let 's go home . philip you be get a little too work up about this . tom you know , I do not think so , because I will tell you something , it 's a very nasty feel to know somebody 's be fuckin ' around in you head for everybody else 's amusement , you know ? ( lighten up a bit ) I mean , joey ariola , Christ , I have not think about he in maybe ten year , and -- come on , man , somebody else have gotta go . do not make I be the only - ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) on the mantle over the fireplace , a clock chime . everyone be immediately silent , stare at Tom . he look at the clock . it 's eleven . he lift he foot , pull off he shoe -- -- and throw it out the window . there be a explosion of laughter . philip why would you do that , Tom ? tom I ... have no idea . even more laughter , now everybody 's slapping he on the back . Tom nod , " yeah , yeah , laugh it up . " philip I could not resist . Tom crank a arm around Philip 's neck and pull he down , choke he . but it 's playful , he sense of humor return . tom any other surprise you leave in my head , you fuckin ' dead man , you ? CUT to : int tom &amp ; maggie' house night it 's dark . Tom and maggie lie in bed , awake . maggie I hope it 's a girl , I can not help it . six brother , I mean , give I a break . I be sick of all this ball around the house . he do not laugh . she roll over , stroke he chest with one hand . maggie ( cont ' d) what 's the matter ? tom two kid . I be only twenty - six . how do this happen ? she slide one hand down , under the cover . ( continued ) 18 . continued : maggie ( imitate he ) " please , baby , please baby , just this one time , I can not feel anything with one of that on . " tom no , I now how it happen , I be just sayin ' ... you be gonna have to stop work , at least for a while . I will be workin' Saturday for at least another year , maybe two . maggie you do not have to . we will get by , we always do . Tom stare at a dark brown water stain on the ceiling . tom how many time I gotta ask Harry to fix that ? he say he fix this place up , so how come the roof leak every time it rain ? maggie relax . her hand be move . he twist . tom maggie , you do not think , I mean , ten , twelve year from now ... I do not want you to think I be gonna be a line man forever , you know , like Frank or somethin' . maggie it 's a good job . you know how many guy would kill for you job ? tom I be smarter than that , I know I be . maggie ( kiss he ear ) relax . she 's make it hard for he to concentrate . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) tom I be smarter than Philip , Christ , six year in college , he 's still get he head up he ass . I just want you to know , this be not where I plan to stop . she lick he ear . he close he eye . tom ( cont ' d) all my life , I feel like there 's something better inside I , it 's try like hell to get out and it 's like x will not let it . she roll on top of he and whisper . maggie let I help . later , the clock read 2:31 a.m . maggie be asleep , Tom be lie on he back , still awake . he look over at the clock , agitate . he stare up at the ceiling . he close he eye . a barrage of image race across the back of he eyelid : -- Philip 's face , close to he , a finger hold in front of he . -- a flame , leaping out from a cigarette lighter . six more face , press in close to he . himself , float in a armchair above a empty movie theatre . in the bedroom , Tom snap he eye open . he roll over onto he side , punch he pillow . he close he eye again . more image come , faster this time . we share he point of view : -- a twelve year old boy beat we up in a alley near a dumpster . -- a fourteen year old girl kiss we behind a brick building . ( continued ) 20 . continued : -- a vicious dog sink its tooth into we calf . -- maggie , drown , reach out to we . the image increase in speed , a half a dozen flip by so fast they be almcst subliminal -- a car tire , a break arm , fall into water , break window , ham and egg , a bolt of lightning . in the bedroom , Tom sit up abruptly , shaking he head to clear it . tom . the fuck , man ? he put he hand to the side of he head . it hurt . a lot . maggie stir , but do not wake up . Tom get up and walk out . as he pass Jake 's room , he do a double take . in jake' room , the four year old be awake . not just awake , but stand next to he bed , perfectly straight , stare at the open doorway . Tom step in . he can see by the light of the nightlight . tom ( whisper ) Jake ? the little boy do not answer . Tom walk slowly over to the boy and squat down in front of he , put he arm on the boy 's shoulder . tom ( cont ' d) be you okay ? Jake just look at Tom , straight into he father 's eye . the boy 's face light up in a wide smile . he reach out with one hand and rest he fingertip on Tom 's forehead . jake do not be afraid of it , daddy . the hell do that mean ? but before Tom can respond , Jake turn , climb back in bed , roll over to face the wall , and go back to sleep . int bathroom night Tom shake some advil into he palm ; wash three down with a glass of water . he run water in the sink , splashes some on he face . he straiglten , look in the mirror as he wipe he drip face . he stare at himself for a moment , then summon he nerve and close he eye . immediately , more image come . -- the front of Tom 's own house , from a distance . a man in a overcoat stand on the porch , wave to we to come in . -- Rough hand attack we , cover we eye and face . -- a face , close to ours but blurry and distort , as if see through dirty , blue-tint eyeglass . -- wooden floorboard as we race down toward they . we hit , hard , and we blood spray out onto the wood . in the bathroom , Tom 's eye pop open . that be disturbing . int live room night Tom stride into the live room . they house be small , crowded with kid ' toy and furniture they get for they wedding . Tom pace back and forth , hold he head in he hand . he turn and bolt into the kitchen . in the kitchen , Tom rip the refrigerator open and search the top shelf . he find what he 's look for , a large carton of orange juice . he open a cabinet , take out a glass and fill it . he upend the glass , drain it in one gulp . still unsatisfy , he pick up the carton . he drink the rest . juice run down he chin . back in the live room , Tom drop onto the sofa . he sit for a moment , try to regain himself . his breathe return to normal . he sit forward , pick up the remote off the coffee table , point it at the tv and turn it on . when he sit back -- -- there 's a woman sit next to he . ( continued ) 22 . continued : she 's eighteen or nineteen year old , so pale she skin 's almost luminous . she 's attractive but odd , she wear a billowy black dress with a diamond pattern , bangle up and down each wrist . her lip be light blue , she eye red - rimmed . steam rise softly from she hair and skin ; when she speak , she breath come out of she mouth in cloud of vapor . woma I you can kiss I if you want to . Tom bolt to he foot and stagger away from the couch . the woman stare intently at he and say something else , but she word be lose under the rise sound of static on the television . tom what ?! she repeat , but he can only see she lip move , the word be lose under the static . realizing , Tom turn hurriedly toward the tv and hit the mute switch . when he turn back -- -- the woman be go . he stand in the middle of the room , look all around he . but he 's alone . int bedroom night Tom crawl back into bed and pull the blanket up tight around he . he 's shiver . a hand drop over he and he nearly jump out of he skin . it 's maggie , roll over to embrace he in she sleep . he take she hand in he and lie still , eye wide open . CUT to : int kitchen day Morning . Tom and maggie sit at the kitchen table . from the live room , we can hear a-kid ' morning show on the television . Tom be wear jeans and a phone company uniform shirt . maggie be stare at he . they keep they voice low . maggie what do you mean , like ... you mean like a hallucination ? tom maybe . I be awake , I know that . she nod , think , no idea how to deal with this . ( continued ) 23 . continued : maggie do you , uh , get she name ? tom you know , she do not menti . - in it . maggie you sure you be not dreami.g ? tom positive . I have this headache like you would not believe , and I be thirsty as hell . maggie what should we do ? you want to call Philip ? tom yeah , I will call he . but I do not think he 's get a fuckin ' clue in life . from the live room , Jake laugh uproariously at something on the tv . maggie how about my cousin Elizabeth ? tom I do not need brain surgery , I just have a weird thing happen , that 's all . like a hypnosis hangover . one-time deal , do not worry about it . maggie well , if anything like this happen again , we should go talk to Elizabeth . tom maggie ... maggie promise I . tom I promise . CUT to : ext house day there 's a pickup football game in the street , a half a dozen sixteen and seventeen year old timing they play to coincide with the red light . Tom get into a pickup truck with a phone compaty logo on the door , start it up , and pull forward to the neat house . he hit the horn . while he wait , he turn and loo - 's back up at the front of he own house . he remembers one of the image that blast through he mind last night . it 's he own house , on a wintry day . a man in a overcoat be stand on the porch , wave a arm in a friendly way -- " c'mon in . " but the image be silent , slow and eerie . we move slowly toward the porch , toward the man in the overcoat . back in the pickup , Tom turn slowly away from he house , just as the football bang off he windshield , nearly break it . two body hurtle through the air and land on he hood with a loud metal clang . Tom jump a foot . he get out of the car . adam mccarthy , seventeen , climb off the hood , embarrassed . tom Jesus , you guy scared the shit out of I ! the kid with Adam do not seem embarrassed , he just reach for the football . Tom beat he to it . tom ( cont ' d) you gotta play right here in the middle of the street ? Frank be out of he house now , approach the truck . he wear the same uniform shirt as Tom , carry a tool belt over he shoulder . frank lighten up , Tommy , you sound like you own grandfather . ( continued ) 25 . continued : tom ( look at he hood ) aw man , it 's dent . this be not even my truck . they be gonna dock I for this . frank that will pop right out . use one of they plunger thing . Adam , say you be sorry . adam I be really sorry , Mr. witzky . frank there you go , he say he 's sorry , whaddya want from a kid . let 's go . Frank get in the truck . the other football player walk toward Tom , call for the ball . kurt damon , a great - look seventeen year old , stare pointedly at the ball in Tom 's hand . Tom look at he . tom Hell of a arm ya get there . kurt smile and shrug . Tom toss the ball back to he . kurt turn and catch it behind he back as he walk away . in the truck , Tom get back in and close the door . frank that damon kid , he 's gonna break you old pass record this Friday . tom bound to happen some time . frank comin ' to the game ? tom ( start the car ) yeah , I be comin ' , I be comin ' harry ( o.s . ) hey , Tom ! Tom turn . Harry damon , the guy from across the street , be head toward he . but Tom notice something behind Harry . a police car have turn onto the block and be roll to a stop . ( continued ) 26 . continued : the uniformed cop behind the wheel be stare out the window , look right at Tom . Harry come up to the open window and start talk , but Tom be look past he , at the cop , who have stop now . harry ( cont ' d) think I would stop by and pick up the rent . save you the trip across the street . tom it 's still two day yet , be not it ? Tom look more closely at the cop . he realize the cop be not look at he , he 's look past he , toward Tom 's house . harry yeah , just think you would want to get it out of you hair . tom ( distracted ) well , my checkbook 's inside . harry I can wait . hey , Frank , some game we pick to miss last night , huh ? how many yard Adam end up with ? Tom turn in he seat , follow the cop 's line of vision . frank two hundred eleven and two touchdown . Harry let out a low whistle . Tom see what the cop be look at so intently -- it 's Jake , who 's play on the sidewalk in front of they house while maggie watch . Tom turn back , but as he do the police car be just pull away . CUT to : int signal division day the signal division of the local phone company have a large main floor . a twenty - foot wall on one side of the room show a forest of jag , blink line . in the tower , Tom be wedge between giant wall of circuit board . he pull a red circuit clip from he belt and pick a line at random . ( continued ) 27 . continued : he pull up the test handset unit that hang from 'his belt and listen , hope from a dial tone . instead , he cut in on a woman' voice . voice ( o.s. ) ( on phone line ) - which be okay , I guess , but then he tell I he love I , and it be just like , oh my God , can you please make yourself any less attractive ? Tom pull off the clip and pick another line . now it 's a sneaky man' voice . voice ( o.s. ) - unless they find out we already lock in with Cooper at eighty , so it 's imperative we lead they to believe we be honestly try to - , Tom clip to another line . it 's a sexy woman' voice . voice ( o.s. ) - start at my lip and lick you way all the way down to my - Tom start to unclip , then hesitates , only human . the voice abruptly change . voice ( coast ' d) hey , do somebody pick up on you end ? be you wife there ? Tom unclip and pick another line . he get a dial tone . he enter a number on he headset . a sleepy voice answer . tom phil , it 's Tom . be there anything else important you say to I last night , while I be under ? int philip' apartment day Philip ( maggie 'a brother ) be still in bed in he apartment . it 's a smallish place , one wall be all window with a lovely view of a factory , its stack belching black smoke into the air . Philip 's hang over . he hold the phone like he resent it . philip what time be it ? ( continued ) 28 . continued : tom ( o.a. ) Quarter after eight . what be you , still in bed ? philip Quarter after eight ? Jesus , Tom , this be barbaric . ( intercut ) tom other than the shoe thing , what else do you say to I ? philip hang on , lemme , I gotta get my bearing here ... who be this again ? tom phil , I gotta get back to work , be there anything else you tell I to do after I come out of it ? philip if you be ask if I give you a post - hyp - tom post-hypnotic suggestion , I know what it 's call , phil . do you leave any other behind when you be kickin ' you big , clumsy - ass foot around inside my brain ? philip no . tom tell I the truth , phil ! philip no , I swear ! I go out of my way not to , I even add a thing at the end to make sure ! tom what thing ? philip I , I do not want you to retain any of the experience , you know , I want you to have control back , so I make up this thing . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) tom what thing ? philip God , I do not remember , I have not have caffeine in almost eighteen hour , how be I suppose to - tom in general , what be it ? philip well , it be perfectly harmless , I just say , uh , I say " when you come out from under , you mind will be completely free . there 's nothing bind it . nothing hold it back . you will be completely open . " Tom stop , think for a long moment . tom yeah , I would say that about describe it . philip describe what ? tom never mind , it 's go now . I gotta go . philip describe what ? but Tom have hang up . Philip unplug the phone and go back to sleep . CUT to : int kitchen day Jake sit at the kitchen table in he pajamas , eat a bowl of cereal . maggie , in work clothes , be walk back and forth behind he , talk on the phone , finish she makeup , drink coffee , and do the dish . maggie ( of . 's . ) hi , Adriana , it 's maggie . listen , we baby -sitter just back out on we for next Friday night -- Jake turn and look at the empty chair next to he . he smile at it . then he giggle . he cover he mouth . ( continued ) - - 30 . continued : maggie ( cont ' d ) -- and there 's this game Tom and I really want to go to and I be wonder if ... jake ( to the chair ) I tell he . maggie ( o.s. ) ( into phone ) oh. yeah , I understand . no , no , no , do not worry about it . okay . bye. ( hang up ) shit. shoot . shoot , I mean . she pick up the phone and dial again . with all she 's do , she do not notice that Jake be have a conversation with the empty chair . maggie ( cont ' d ) ( into phone ) Philip , hi , it 's I , call I when you wake up , be there any way -- jake yes . maggie -- you would consider dump whatever bimbo you be go out with Friday night and baby -sitting for we instead ? jake who ? maggie I would call mom , but it 's a long drive for she and she 's not feel very well again , so ... call I as soon as you can , and no , I be not kid . ( hang up ) jake okay . maggie well , that will happen in about a million year . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) jake ( to maggie ) call vanessa and ask she about dorothy . i'aggie stop , look at he . Jake be calmly eat he câ€¢.real . she look at she watch . maggie good idea . she pick up the phone and dial a number . Jake just keep eat . behind he : maggie ( cont ' d) hi , vanessa , it 's maggie . what 's you baby -sitter 's name again , dorothy ? be you gonna use she Friday night ? really ? would you mind if I ask she to sit for we , just this once ? oh , great , thank you so much , you save my life . what 's she number ? uh huh , uh huh . great , thanks again . okay . she hang up and finish she make - up in she reflection in the toaster . maggie ( cont ' d) when do you ever meet dorothy , Jake ? jake samantha tell I . maggie ( do not hear that ) oh , I bet you see she when you be over play with jessica the other day , right ? she be there then ? Jake turn to the empty chair on he leave . he look at it for a moment , then turn back to maggie . jake yes . that 's when I meet she . he go back to eat he cereal . a doorbell ring . CUT to ; 32 . 03/26/! int live room night Friday night . Tom the porch , about fif answer the front door . a girl stand on teen year old , heavyish wear a it , ht pair - 3 for blue jean 's a d a brown leather j neck . a dull zipped u to g the strea1 . of butt yellow ribbon run through a she chair likepa er . dorothy I be dorothy . muller . Tom witzky .tom she shake he hand limply and step inside , just to the side of the door , look down . Tom stare at she , longer than be maggie come forward with the baby y monitor and take ove be , lead dorothy into the room . maggie hi , dorothy , thanks for come , remem ber I ? I be maggie , we meet over at vanessa 's once or twice . okay , Jake 's asleep already and he hardly ever wake up , a band could play in he room and he wouldn 't hear it , so you should not have any trouble with he a t all . his room be right up at the top of the . as she go on , show dorothy aroundexplain where they will be se and where he be , stare . and so forththe , Tom stand roote at doroth yâ€ '' a strange buz sound grow in he ear . he just watchest , h lead back into the live with room , show nher remote work , that thes tv the sort of thing . sneak a look up at Tom , then g. feeling he stare , dorothy stare down quickly avert she gaze again , at the carpet , th e buzzing fade . dj , no later tï¿½ngmidnioht ' q if that 's okay with you . dorothy it 's okay . maggie great ! let I just grab my coat we ' be out of here . and ( continued ) 33. continued : she run upstairs . Tom be still stand where he be . dorothy sit on the sofa , hand in the pocket of she jacket , which be still zi pped up to the neck . tom ' whir do not you , uh ... why do not you mak % - yourself comfortable . take off you coat . without look at he , dorothy obediently unzip she jacket and take it off . her b reast be fuller than one would expect at she age . she l ook up at Tom , and now there 's defiance in she eye . wh at be you lookin ' at ? tom ( cont ' d) Excuse I . he go upstairs . int bathroom night in the bathroom , Tom drink a glass of water quickly , then shake three or four advil in to he palm . in the mirror , he notice maggie , stare at he from the doorway . tom where do you find dorothy ? maggie vanessa recommend she . she 's use she before , she say she 's real reliable . Tom nod . ( cont ' d) be you ... she 's look at the advil . he smile , fake it . tom too much caffeine , that 's all . he pop they in he mouth and swallow they dry . tom ( cont would ) let 's qo , int live room night Tom and maggie step back into the live room and head for the front door . the mom ent Tom lay eye on dorothy , the buz sound return , loude be this time . ( continued ) 34 . continued : it drown out maggie 's voice as she give dorothy last minute instruction and say goodbye . Tom reach the open doorway and glance back inside . dorothy be look at he as he swing the door shut . ext front porch nif : ht the buzzing stop the momen % the door be shut . Tom and maggie go down the step . Tom lookz back over he shoulder , at the house , in time to see dorothy 's face , peer out between the blind at they . she release the blind and they snap back into place . CUT to : busy STREET night Tom and maggie walk down a crowded sidewalk with Frank and Sheila , from next door . frank ( to Tom ) do not get I wrong , it 's great what the damon kid be doin ' and everything , I mean , I be sorry you record 's gettin ' break , but , what , it hold up almost ten year ? Tom be terribly distract , look back over he shoulder , still plague with a headache . tom yeah , `bout that . they round a corner . just ahead , a high school football field be surround by bright light , mobbed with student and parent . a band play on the field , it 's just about time for kickoff . frank ( raise he voice over the crowd ) so you get that , that 's great . what I be sayin ' , though , be this year it 's all kurt damon this and kurt damon that , and yeah , the kid have a arm , but high school football be run the ball -- smash - mouth , in - your-face , power football . always be that way . Tom glance up at a mercury - vapor streetlight as they pass under it . ( continued ) 35 . continued : the same buz sound , the one he hear when he first look at dorothy , come back now , seem to come from the street light . Tom shake it off . frank ( cost ' d) now Adam , and I admit , L be biased , but my kid be have ona hell of a season and it 's like nol . -) dy notice . if they would just give he he carry he could break a thousand yard . and on a eight game schedule ! he pull out a pint bottle of schnapp and have a bump , offer one to Tom , who decline . a sexy teenage girl walk past . Frank notice . carefully . behind they , Sheila and maggie walk together . Sheila stare at Frank as he ogle the teenager . sheila look at he . why do not he just lick they when they walk by ? maggie ( laugh ) accord to Tom , the average guy carry around a hard - on two and a half hour out of every day . what be you gonna do ? sheila ( darkly ) I have get a few idea . a middle - aged woman walk past and Frank give she the big crank -around . sheila ( cont ' d) look at that ! he 's not even picky . I swear to God , that man will stick it in a bowl of soup if it 's still warm .. maggie notice Tom , up ahead , with a hand to he temple . she catch up . maggie be you okay ? he force a smile . they head into a crowded tunnel that lead into the stadium . 36 . in the tunnel , Frank raise he voice still higher . it become a horrible drine to Tom . frank six eighty - three with three game . - leave , he only need to average , ti.iat , a hundred and five , hundred and six yard a game ? he hit a thousand and we be talkin ' major scholarship , the kid could write he own ticket . that kinda thing 's good for everybody , help the whole neighborhood . he 's goin ' a hell of a lot farther than I ever do . look at the quality of the tail he 's already gettin' . he pass I in that department when he be about fourteen . he pass Tom the bottle . this time , he take a swig . ext football field night they come through the tunnel and into the stand . below , the field be brightly light . Frank 's voice be , thankfully , drown out by the enthusiasm of the crowd . they make they way to the first open seat in the bleacher and sit down . the crowd be delirious with anticipation , and a bit load -- there 's a lot of schnapp in that crowd , and beer snuck in here and there . and that 's the grown-ups . on the field , the visitor kick off . in the stand , the crowd roar . Tom try to concentrate on the game , but he 's totally distract . he look to the right , draw by a flash of light . a car be pull into the parking lot at the end of the field with its high beam on . Tom stare at the light . the buz sound come back , louder the longer he stare . the crowd roar its approval of something . Tom turn back , try to follow the game . he wipe sweat from he forehead . maggie be stare at he . she take he hand and lean over , shout into he ear . ( continued ) 37 . continued : maggie what' wrong ? as Tom turn to she , he eye be draw by something just over she head . a giant light stanchion tower over they . when Tom suare directly into the dozen large globe , the buz souni overwhelm he , nearly deafen . his hand shoot up to he ear -- -- and he leap to he foot . tom Sf " S taxing bim awway ! maggie what ?! Tom fight he way out of the row , climb right over people . they shout they objection . int tunnel night Tom race down the now -empty tunnel . a light shine at the far end , buz madly . a few second later , maggie start into the tunnel . maggie Tom , wait ! ext busy STREET night Tom burst out onto the busy sidewalk , thread he way between people and car as fast as he can . maggie follow a few moment later . ext our block night Tom race around the corner and onto he block . he bolt across the street , force a car to lock `em up at the last second . the Driver shout : Tom keep run . he reach the sidewalk just in front of he house and stop in he track , stare at the house , wild - eye . all the light be off . tom oh , no . he bound up the step and try the door . it 's lock . he fumble in he pocket for the key . int live room night Tom unlock the door and burst inside . tom Jake ?! no answer . he race up the stair . int jake' room night Tom smack open the door to Jake 's room and flick on the light . in Jake 's bed , the cover be pull back , the sheet be rumple . but Jake js go . Tom race out . still stare at that empty bed , we can hear other door in the house be throw open , light be switch on , and Tom 's outrage voice call out for he son . ext STREET night maggie come hurry up the step of the porch just as the front door fly open . maggie what the hell be the - tom she take he . maggie what ?! tom she take he , he's not there , she take he someplace ! maggie oh , my God ! she bound up the step , call out for Jake . tom she can not be that far ! he run to the corner , desperate , and look up and down the street in both direction . there be a lot of people out , she could be anywhere . 39 . continued : he turn , look up and down the side street . nothing in the first direction , but when he look the other way , he hear a faint buz sound in the distance . he do not hesitate , just take off toward it . two block ahead , Tom be run as hard as he can . he stop , abruptly . the buzzing sound be go . he look to he right . behind a wall , there be a large parking lot fill with bus . he turn around . a dull white glow come from the window of the place on the corner . he look up , at the sign . it 's a Greyhound bus station . Tom hurry back toward it , reach the door just as maggie come run up from the opposite direction . tom wait right here , keep you eye open ! he open the door and go inside . int bus station night Tom step into the station , still breathe hard . the buz sound return . but from where ? be it in he mind this time , or really here , in the bus station ? the place be empty except for one person , sit on a wooden bench with they back to he , near the departure door . Tom walk slowly across the place to the figure . it 's dorothy . as he draw closer , he see Jake 's face , over dorothy 's shoulder . Jake 's eye be open , and he 's stare up at the ceiling . Tom follow he son 's gaze . Jake be stare up at the light , the old - style fluorescent tube that give the place its cancerous look . the tube buzz loudly . it 's the sound Tom 's be hearing . Jake see he father and smile . Tom put a finger to he lip -- " shhhh . " Jake yawn , close he eye , and drop he head onto dorothy 's shoulder . he go back to sleep . Tom walk slowly around the end of the bench . dorothy be singing softly , a old nursery rhyme . she look up suddenly and see Tom . she start to jerk to she foot . Tom put a hand out -- take it easy . dorothy sit back , catch . Tom step closer to she , carefully . he hold both he hand out , palm up . ( continued ) 40 . continued : tom give he to I . she shake she head no . outside , a siren whine and a police car flash past the window , its red light spin . they both hear it and glance over , then look back at each other . Tom raise a eyebrow . she know what he mean . tom ( cont would ) give he to I , dorothy . tremble , dorothy reach out , Jake in she arm . Tom gently take the boy from she and hold he tight . the front door fly open and maggie race inside . Tom give Jake over to she . jake ( half asleep ) oh , hi , mommy . she 's relieved , but livid . maggie ( to dorothy ) what the hell be the matter with you ?! dorothy jump to she foot and race through the door that lead to the back , where the bus leave from . tom ( to maggie ) take he home ! I will be there as soon as I can ! he run after dorothy . ext parking lot night dorothy race out of the bus station and into the forest of park bus . Tom come out a few second later , give chase . dorothy cut between two park bus -- -- and be nearly hit by a third that 's just arrive . its horn blare as she trip and fall to the ground , the bus just miss as it roar past she . Tom reach she . dorothy writhes on the ground , sobbing , rake she hand through the gravel , hysterical . ( continued ) continued : tom sit up . sit up , I want to talk to you . she manage to drag herself into a sit position . she shove back , against the wheel of a bus . Beyond they , the bus that nearly hit she stop on the far side of the lot . dorothy be quivering , still cry . Tom squat in front of she , a few foot away . tom ( cant ' d) why be you take my son ? dorothy go away . tom do you want I to call the police ? ( shake she head no ) then tell I why you take he . dorothy he be not safe in you house . tom why do you say that ? dorothy he tell I ! he tell I so ! the driver of the bus that nearly hit she be out of he bus now . he shout at they from the other side of the lot . tom Jake say that ? ( she nod ) what else do he say ? dorothy nothing . I be sit there , I be watch he sleep , I be just watch he , like I be suppose to , and ... and he sit up in bed , he look right at I , and he say " I be not safe in this house . " two time , he say it , and then he go back to sleep . tom where be you take he ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) dorothy California . to my father 's house . my real father , not -- ( like poison on she tongue ) -- duane . Jake would be safe at my father 's house , we would both be safe there . tom you too ? ( she nod ) why be not you safe here ? she do not answer . the Driver be come over to they , still shout . tom ( cont ' d) dorothy ? dorothy , why be not you safe here ? the Driver be still closer . frightened , dorothy get up , to run again . Tom grab she . tom ( coat ' d) hey , wait a sec - as he hand close around she arm -- a image flash through he mind . a man' face , sweaty and unshaven , leer over we , too close . in the parking lot , Tom abruptly pull back from dorothy . he be enraged . tom who be he ?! she just look at he , frighten . he shake she , violently . tom ( cont ' d ) who be he ?! CUT to : int dorothy's house night duane , fortyish , slouches on a sofa , watch moe hit curly with a rake . duane 's drink bourbon . in he defense , he be use a glass . duane 's face be the one Tom just see in the image in he mind . ( continued ) d 16 - - ï¿½ --- .. - - a86i - 43. continued : duane hear the front door open and close . duane you be early . you mom 's still at work . hey , do you know if she buy any more who the fuck be you ? Tom be storming across the room toward he . duane ( cant ' d) hey hey hey hey hey ! Tom already have duane by the collar . he wrench he to he foot . duane ( cont ' d ) what the fuck do you think you 're doin '?! tom be you duane ? duane who ?! I do not even know who you be - duane look over Tom 's shoulder . dorothy be stand in the doorway , frighten . duane ( cont ' d) dorothy , who the fuck be this guy ?! Tom hurl duane across the coffee table , knock over duane 's bong . duane hit the floor hard . he start fumble in he pocket , but Tom be on he , rip he to he foot again . tom she 's a little girl , you son of a bitch ! she ' 's fifteen year old , and you fuck she !? what the hell be the matter with you ?! you don't do shit like that to people who can't defend themselves ! duane look , man , I do not know who you be or what she tell you , but - Tom hurl duane across the room . he smashes into a bookcase , break the glass shelf and knock a bunch of picture and knickknack to the ground . duane scream , try to roll away to escape Tom , but Tom pick he up by the back of he collar and he belt , like a dog . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) tom get out ! he hurl duane toward the stair . duane crunch down hard . before he can get up , Tom haul he to he foot and hurl he furthe : up . he 's kick duane 's ass up the stair . at the + , ) ttom , dorothy watch , she hand over she mouth . she 's thrilled . at the top of the stair , duane land , a few foot ahead of Tom . this time he 's get a second or two , and he manage to dig the butterfly knife he be grop for out of he pocket . he whip it around , open it , but Tom be fast and crazy with rage , he just grab the thing by the blade and rip it away from duane . blood flow over Tom 's knuckle as he tighten he grip on the knife . he twist it around , hold it by the butt . there 's madness in Tom 's eye . tom ( wield the knife ) you get ten minute . pack you shit . you do not leave a note , you do not try to call , and if you ever , ever come back here again , I will know , I will find you , and I will stick this so far into you they will never get it out . you get it ? duane nod , terrify . down in the live room , dorothy sit on she hand at the edge of the sofa , wait nervously . Tom come down the stair . he fold the knife , uncertainly , never handle one of this thing before . he shove it in he pocket . tom I will stay until he 's go . upstair , dresser drawer slam , duane curse . he 's pack . tom ( cont ' d) should not be long . dorothy you be bleed . ( continued ) 45 . continued : she hurry into the kitchen . Tom look around , at the mess he 's make . he 's embarrassed , frighten by he own rage . dorothy come back with a dish towel . she take Tom 's hand , wipe the blood away and wrap the towel around it . dorothy ( cont ' d) than : you . he start to pick up the thing that be knock off the bookcase . tom tell you mother I will pay for this . dorothy it 's okay . he pick up a frame photograph . Broken glass fall out of the frame as he turn it over . Tom freeze . dorothy ( cont would ) what 's the matter ? Tom just stare at the picture . dorothy ( cont ' d) what ? Tom turn the picture around to show dorothy . the woman in the picture be about eighteen or nineteen , bear a faint resemblance to dorothy -- -- and be the same woman he see in he live room . dorothy ( coast ' d) yeah ? tom who be this woman ? dorothy my sister . tom do she have a black dress , kind of a diamond pattern on it ? dorothy yeah . 46 . continued : ( 2 ) tom she wear a lot of bracelet , that thick one , different color , all up and down she arm ? dorothy yeah , all t2 ; + time , she probably still do . how die , you know that ? upstair , there be a tremendous slam as a closet door close and duane shout . duane ( o.s . ) crazy motherfuckers in a crazy fucking house ! tom where be she ? dorothy I do not know . tom can I talk to she ? dorothy no . tom why not ? dorothy she run away . about six month ago . tom where do she go ? dorothy I do not know ! she do not write or nothin' . Tom look down at the photograph again . tom what 's you sister 's name , dorothy ? dorothy samantha . CUT to : int tom i maggie' house night the red light glow on the baby monitor , and Jake 's breathe can be hear from in he bedroom . Tom and maggie sit on the couch in they live room , the nonitor beside they , just one light on . he have he arm arounc ' she , hold she tight . his hand be bandage . they be shaker .. maggie samantha ? tom that 's what she say . maggie where have I hear that name before ? tom dorothy say she run away about six month ago . maggie but she could still be around ! hiding or something . I mean , she could have actually be here when you see she ! tom if she be , she 's very quick get in and out of a room . maggie where be she ? when you see she , where be she exactly ? tom on the cushion right next to you . maggie look down at the empty half of the couch , freak out . she pull in closer to he . maggie what be it like ? at the game , I mean , how do you know about Jake ? do you see anything ? tom it 's hard to explain . I just get this -- feel . maggie like when I be drown ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : tom a little bit . but a hundred time stronger . maggie do it hurt when it happen ? tom like you would not believe . fecl like my brain be tear in half . maggie God , Tommy , what 's the matter with you ? tom why do you assume it 's bad ? maybe this be a good thing . maggie if you brain be tear in half ? tom I tell you there be something ' in I . maybe it 's comin ' out . maggie I like it better in . tom just roll with it . what 's the worst that can happen ? maggie you will go insane . kill yourself . kill I and Jake first . tom well , yeah , that ... maggie I want you to go see my cousin Elizabeth . make sure there 's nothing wrong . just tell she about the headache , that 's all she need to know , you do not have to bring up the other stuff . suddenly , he smile . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) tom hey , know what ? ( she look at he ) it be a girl . she furrow she brow , " how do you know ? " , then follow he gaze down to she belly , where he hand be rest . L UT to : int hospital corridor day Tom , dress in a patient 's gown , walk down a hospital corridor with dr . elizabeth noonan , fortyish . Elizabeth make note on a clipboard , walk and talk fast , all business . Elizabeth do not have the human touch . elizabeth do you have any metal plate in you skull ? tom elizabeth tom elizabeth any shrapnel lodge anywhere in you body ? tom no. elizabeth no cardiac pacemaker , I assume -- iron filing near you eye ? tom huh ? elizabeth you do not work with sheet metal , do you ? tom no. elizabeth Left here . ( continued ) 50 . continued : they turn down another corridor . elizabeth ( cont ' d) do you have a inner ear transplant ? tom no. elizabeth aneurism clip in you brain ? tom no thanks . elizabeth do you suffer from claustrophobia ? tom only in , like , really small space . ( she look at he , straight face ) you have a great sense of humor . elizabeth right , then jog leave . they do . tom do we really gotta do this ? elizabeth you have have no head trauma , no serious viral infection you can recall , you have not be out of the country , you be not a drug user , you have no history of migraine ... I suppose I could open up you skull in the operate room and then decide what to do , but I would rather take a few picture first , would not you ? she push through a set of double door . int mri room day the mri machine be a long tunnel with a body slab stick out obscenely , like a tongue . two nurse stand on either side of it . one wall of the room be glass , behind the glass be the technician -- and maggie , who wave supportively . Tom swallow . ( continued ) 51 . continued : tom how 's it work ? Elizabeth go to a computer terminal and type in some command . elizabeth it create a electromagnetic field thirty thousand time stronger than the earth 's . that stimulate you brain 's proton to align themselves . then we shoot radio wave into you , which knock the proton out of alignment . they then realign themselves , send out radio signal we record on the scanner . the computer read the signal and make a series of detailed cross-section of the layer of tissue . Tom look at the machine , then back at she . tom can I have another valium ? a few minute later , Tom lie down on the " tongue . " the nurse wrap sheet around he arm and tuck they in under he body , immobilize they . he look at one of they questioningly . nurse so you arm do not touch the side of the machine . tom that would be bad ? she smile and nod . the other nurse put a white cloth over he hair . nurse 2 you party hat . he try to smile , but he be unnerve . Elizabeth lean in , stare down at Tom . elizabeth it 's so nice you and maggie finally come to see I at work . in the control room , a technician hit a series of switch . in the mri room , the tongue start to move , slide into the tunnel . Tom lie still , stare upward as he be pull inside , like a corpse in a drawer slide back into the wall of the morgue . inside the machine , it 's only about two foot across , and less from top to bottom . Tom blink , stare up at the ceiling as the tongue come to a stop . it 's incredibly claustrophobic . tom kinda hot in the coffin . elizabeth' voice come blaring out of speaker mount on either side of the tunnel . elizabeth yes , it usually be at first , but it cool down once the hammer start moving . tom yo , hey , hey , woah , I be right here . can you turn it down a little bit ? elizabeth no , you'll want it loud . we 're starting now . in the control room , Elizabeth lean back from a microphone and turn to a technician . elizabeth go ahead . the technician enter some command on a keyboard . in the mri room , the giant " hammer " that be contain in the cylinder that surround the tunnel start to move , slowly at first . in the control room , Elizabeth turn to maggie . ( continued ) 53. continued : elizabeth do he bring any music ? maggie yeah , right here . she hand he a cassette . Elizabeth put it into a tape deck and push " play . " in the mri room , the hammer pick up speed , and this thing move . it get noisy fast . in the tunnel , Tom 's eye widen . the hammer whip faster . they pounding be tremendous . Tom 's music start play from the speaker . it 's the Doors , " people be strange . " the hammer whip faster . Elizabeth be right , it 's good the music be loud , because the sound come from the hammer be deafen , like gunshot go off all around he head . elizabeth try to relax . this will only take a hour or so . Tom , in spite of himself , burst out laugh . in the control room , they can hear the thunder hammer , the blaring music , and above it all , Tom 's crazy kind of laughter . Elizabeth look at maggie . CUT to : int control room day Three electronic screen , two red and one whitish - blue , display various cross-section of Tom 's brain . graph and column of number be list alongside . elizabeth no tumor , no growth , no scar or lesion , no intrusion or damage tissue of any kind . except for one tiny abnormality , you brain anatomy be textbook . physically , anyway . ( continued ) 54 . continued : maggie what abnormality ? elizabeth well , it 's so insignificant it 's hardly worth mention . she lean forward to one of the screen and point to a spot on a cross-section . elizabeth ( cont ' d) it 's the parietal lobe . here . there 's a slight distension , just the tiniest bulge here in the arc of the crescent . that 's uncommon . maggie how uncommon ? elizabeth one in a half million , maybe , it do not really have a name . but it be not consequential . would not have any effect on cognitive process . tom great . there 's nothing wrong with I , I gotta get back to work . ( stand and shake hand ) thank you for everything , Elizabeth , I owe you a giant one , hey , you think I can get some of that valium to go ? Elizabeth scowl at he . tom ( cont ' d) Worth a try . take care , say hi to Michael . ( to maggie ) I will pick up Jake , I tell he I would take he to the pier tonight . he head for the door , eager to get the hell out of there . maggie linger , look at Elizabeth , hopeful . maggie there 's really nothing wrong with he ? nothing at all ? elizabeth maggie . I say nothing physical . CUT to : int bedroom day maggie be in the bedroom , clean up . she pick up Tom 's pair of jeans from the floor and fold they over one arm . something thunks to the floor . she pick it up . it 's the butterfly knife , the one he take from duane . she stare at it , fascinate and frighten . she let it drop open . there be dry blood on the blade . gingerly , she close it again . she open a drawer and put it in , then think better of that . she take it out again , look for a place to put it . she drop it in she purse and zip it shut . she will deal with it later . CUT to : ext navy pier night navy pier be a amusement park / shopping mall build on a pier jutting out into Lake Michigan . it 's a nice night , the pier be crowded , just enough urban edge to be interesting . a figure bob along above the crowd -- Jake , sit on Tom 's shoulder . they stop and join a crowd watch a juggler , a good one , keep five burn pin in the air . Jake suddenly look up , confuse by something . he stare past the juggler , through the flame . behind the juggler , a uniformed cop be stare at the little boy -- it 's the same cop who be park outside they house earlier . Jake stare back , the flame pin fly up between they . Tom move on , he boy still on he shoulder . the cop turn and watch they go . Jake turn , look back over he shoulder at the cop . the cop raise a hand and wave . Jake just stare . at a toy store , there be a elaborate model train set on display in the window . jake daddy , look ! tom woah , check it out . he stop , help Jake down off he shoulder . Jake press right up against the glass , stare at the train as it circle the track . Tom squat , admire it with he . ( continued ) 56 . continued : behind they , the cop be still watch they . he walk closer , stop only about ten foot away , stare . Tom glance up , see he , think nothing of it . the 'op step closer . in the . window , Tom see the reflection of the cop . closer now , stare . Tom turn and smile , tight - lipped . he recognize he from the other day . the cop smile back , do not go away . tom ( to Jake ) hey , look at that one ! he carry Jake to the next window over , a different display . the cop wander closer . Tom finally turn to he , tense . tom ( cont ' d ) how ya doin ' ? cop Fine , fine . he 's stare at Jake . tom be there a law against lookin ' in the window now ? cop huh ? oh , no , `course not . I be off duty . I live right up there . tom that 's great . see ya later . he sweep Jake up onto one hip and start to walk away . cop it 's even stronger in he than it be in you . Tom stop . turn back . tom what ? the cop smile and make a face -- " you hear I . " ( continued ) 57 . continued : tom ( cont ' d) I do not know what you be talk about . cop jo not be afraid of it . Tom just star .s at the cop , tremble slightly . the cop walk forward . fascinate , Tom do not back away . the cop lower he voice . cop ( cont ' d) you be not alone . Tom be too rattle to speak . cop ( cont ' d) you do not know about cacophony yet ? Tom shake he head no . the cop pull out a note pad , scribbles something on a page , tear it out and hold it out to tom. cop ( cont ' d) come next time . his hand shaking , Tom accept the paper . the cop reach out and tousle Jake 's hair . cop ( coast ' d) bye , Jake . the cop turn and walk away . jake bye , Neil ! the cop look back over he shoulder and smile . Tom look at he son as if he 's never see he before . CUT to : int jake' room night Jake , fresh from a bath and in he pajamas , sit on the floor of he room , play with model car , intent . he 's humming a soft tune to himself , the same one he hummed during he bath in the open . Tom and maggie sit near he , stare at he . they be freak out . what have they get on they hand here ? they tone be soft , gently probing . ( continued ) 58 . continued : maggie Jake , do you remember the other day when we be talk in the kitchen ? Jake do not look up , just keep play and humming . maggie ( cont ' d) I be loo3. for a baby -sitter , remember ? ( Jake play ) and you say " samantha " tell you about dorothy . do you remember that ? he keep play , humming . tom Jake ? mommy 's ask you a question . nothing . maggie be samantha someone who talk to you sometimes , Jake ? no answer . she try a different route . maggie ( cont would ) can you remember any of the thing that saman - Jake look up sharply . jake do not ask the boy any more question . they freeze , stare at he . his tone be odd . and do he just refer to himself in the third person ? jake ( cant ' d) talk to I . he go back to play , and to that little tune . it 's become rather haunt . maggie and Tom look at each other . good God . CUT to : int bedroom night nighttime . Tom and maggie be asleep in bed . suddenly , Tom 's eye pop open . ( continued ) 59 . continued : tom she 's downstairs . he sit up . his head be kill he again . there 's a glass of water on the night table . le grab it and drink greedily . he turn and look to the open - loorway . he swallow . he stand up . he look down at maggie , who 's still sound asleep . he walk to the door . maggie stir , feel he go . int hallway night Tom walk down the narrow hallway , toward the staircase at the far end . he 's scared . he start down the stair . halfway down , he dare a look through the wooden post that support the handrail . samantha be stand in the middle of the room . she look up at he . for a long moment , they just stare at each other . steam rise lightly from she as she breathes . Tom be shaking , barely find he voice . tom samantha ? she speak , but when she voice come out it 's horrible and distort -- muffle in a strange way . he take a few tremble step down the stair , closer to she . she walk forward a step or two . she speak again , louder , but the voice be still unintelligible and bizarre . Tom reach the bottom of the stair . she reach out a hand . he stare , terrify . the hand draw closer . almost beyond he own control , Tom raise he own hand . she come closer . Tom be freeze at the bottom of the stair . they hand draw closer still . they fingertip touch . ( continued ) 60 . continued : Tom gasp , as if something very heavy be put down on he chest . his mouth drop open , he chest twitches . he can not breathe . they stand there , freeze in that position . Tom try , but can not draw air . maggie' voice call out from the top ci the stair . maggie Tom ? he can not answer . he 's panicked , but unable to move . with every twitch of he chest cloud of steam burst from he mouth , all the air go out , none come in . from the top of the stair , maggie can see he , stand there , hand outstretch into the darkness , touch nothing . but from Tom 's point of view , he 's touch fingertip with samantha . he 's freeze , breathless , and now he cheek start to turn pale , unnaturally white . another few second of this and he will pass out . maggie ( con t' d ) Tom !? she race down the stair . maggie ( cont ' d ) tom ?! Tom can not look at she , can not move . a tear roll down he cheek as he lip begin to turn blue . maggie ( cont ' d) tom , br. atfhe ! she grab hold of he . as soon as maggie make contact , Tom collapse . he see samantha break away from he with a shriek of irritation . she move , not quite walk , but a herky - jerky kind of lateral movement toward the dining room , fast , like someone on a dozen espressos , a angry thing that have to slow itself down to a crawl just to talk to we . in the dining room , she flop over onto the floor , like a reflection appear suddenly on the surface of a pond . into the floor , she disappear . maggie grab Tom 's face and turn it toward she . he take a big lungful of air . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) maggie ( cont ' d) be she here ?! Tom nod , suck air greedily . maggie ( cont would ) why ?! tom I think we better find out . CUT to : ext our block day it 's a street party , and it 's jamme . Police barricade be at both end of the block . half barrel of beer sit in big plastic garbage can , ice dumped over they . everyone seem to have agree on which radio station to listen to , and most of the couple dozen car park in the driveway have they radio tune to it , loud , the window hang open . outside bernie 's tap , the bar on the corner , a dozen drunk guy be run pass pattern out the front door , cut leave at the mailbox , and catch a football throw from inside the bar , out a open window . well , they do not actually catch the ball ... at one of the tap , the homeless guy we have see on the street a few time be drink right out of one of the beer tap while nobody be watch . lenny , the local crank we meet before , be outrage . lenny hey , get the hell away from there ! he chase he off , try to kick he in the ass but spilling he own beer in the process . lenny ( cont ' d ) ( to no one in particular ) you see what I be talkin ' about ?! you see what I mean ?! on a front yard , Jake play with a couple other neighborhood kide . at another keg , Frank be give a lurid lesson on the proper way to pump the keg to two attractive young women . Tom join he . ( continued ) - - . err - be - - - - ab a. ter. 's 62 . continued : tom you know you be under surveillance here . he gesture to Sheila , Frank 's wife , who 's about ten foot away , keep a angry eye on he . frank what can I do ? nature command I to spread my seed . I hear and obey . tom sure , great , just do not be surprised if some day Sheila dig out you 38 and bury a slug or two in you ass . frank please . the woman can not even step on a spider . tom spider do not fuck around on she . a short distance away , Sheila be talk to maggie , disgust with Frank . sheila they change , maggie . ten or so year of marriage , a kid or two -- they become a different human be . maggie Sheila , if you be so miserable , why do not you leave ? Adam 's almost out of school , he can handle it . sheila oh , Frank would love that . no. I want he out . I like that house . maggie how long have you guy be there ? sheila almost fifteen year . maggie so ... you know most of the people around here pretty well , right ? in front of bernie' tap , somebody actually manage to catch one of the pass come from out of the bar and be immediately tackle by three drunk . on the pavement . ouch . in the crowd , Tom be now talk to Harry damon . harry but , you know , what be I gonna do , I be a single father with a son to support , I can ' t just say fuck everything . so I scrape together enough money to make a few downpayment , and here I be . a landlord , for Christ 's sake . tom so you have be in this neighborhood a long time , right ? maggie be question Sheila . maggie do you ever hear of a girl name samantha muller ? sheila ( thinks ) from over by baldwin ? maggie I think so . sheila yeah , kinda , name ring a bell . harry damon , in response to the same question from Tom , call over to he son kurt , the good-look football player , who be lean against the front of he yellow tran - be , talk to a couple other guy . harry hey , kurt , you remember that muller girl ? ( to Tom ) like he ever tell I anything . ( continued ) 64 . continued : the music come from the car be too loud , kurt can not hear . harry ( cont ' d ) ( shout ) do you remember the -- come over here ! he gesture . kurt drag himself off the hood and saunter over . harry ( cont ' d) do you remember that muller girl ? kurt what , dorothy ? he make a " big breast " gesture . harry no , the other one . samantha . lenny , the crank , join the conversation . lenny you mean the retard ? she run away . harry she do ? sheila be on the same subject . sheila she be always hang around the guy , you know , she want to be with the " in " clique and everything . there be not much chance of that . harry damon , ask Tom a question . harry why you wanna know about she ? tom oh , dorothy baby -sit for we sometimes and she start talk about she sister , wonderin ' how she be do and stuff . I promise she I would ask around , see if anybody would hear anything from she . ( continued ) - - - ambb. - - - - - nft - &amp ; a be - 65 . continued : lenny she take off back in March , I think , with some black guy . tom ) id she ever live in that house we be .n? Frank come up , one arm around he son Adam . frank who ? harry no . you be the first tenant since I buy it . lenny ( to Harry ) Harry , I see that dominican back in the park again . by the basketball court ? harry what do you want I to do about it , lenny ? lenny we could go talk to `em . scare `em off , if there be enough of we . frank yeah , lenny , they be gonna be terrify of you . sheila keep talk to maggie . sheila she be a pretty girl , but real shy . pretty simple . she have this crazy idea she could be a actress , you know . she think she be gonna be a big movie star . I mean , there be no way , but you could not tell she that . I think it be kind of sad . frank and adam have join Tom and the other . ( continued ) 66 . continued : frank ( to Tom ) two one one . tom okay . frank 211 . tom get it . frank two hundred eleven . tom I give up , Frank . frank ( put he son in a hammerlock ) two hundred and eleven yard rush the other night . that make eight ninety - four with two game to play , kid need a hundred and six , that 's only fifty - three a game . he could walk through the rest of the season and hit a thousand . adam ( pull free ) dad ... behind they , the guy play football out of bernie 's tap have now organize a full - fledge game of tackle in the street , over the objection of they wife and girlfriend , who shout at they to stop . frank I embarrass he . be there worse thing that can happen to a human be ? tom hey , Adam , way to go , man . adam ( shyly ) thanks . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) tom ( to Harry ) well , if you hear anything about she , lemme know , okay ? fraz . X about who ? harry Tom 's askin ' about that muller girl from over by baldwin , you know , the one that run away ? lenny the retard . frank Jesus , lenny , do not use that word . lenny what , retard ? frank ( sarcastic ) no , " the . " tom she be almost you age , Adam . you know anything about she ? Adam do not answer right away . they all look at he . finally : adam huh uh . suddenly , the guy play football run a play right through the middle of they -- sweaty , middle - age body fly in every direction . everybody shout and lunge backward , protect they beer . the conversation be break up . but the football player be upset , and a fight break out . the crowd get out of the way , half to watch the fight with glee , the other half to shake they head and watch the fight . over at kurt car , while the fight go on in the background , Adam wander away from the group and sit down on the hood of kurt damon 's car . he 's rattle . kurt notice he and come over . he sit next to he . ( continued ) 68 . continued : kurt you okay ? adam yeah . ( kurt be look at ihim : I be fine . kurt you do not look fine . adam really , Mom ? how do I look ? kurt ( hand up in surrender ) all right , all right . just , if there 's , you know , if there 's something ' you wanna bullshit about or anything , just let I know . might help . adam you could climb off my back , that would help . Adam walk away . kurt sorry . at the end of the block , two police car arrive , they light flash . cop jump out and wade through the crowd to bust up the fight . so much for the party . Sheila shake she head . sheila it can not ever just be nice . someone 's always get to ruin it . CUT to : ext rooftop night nighttime . the city light be on . the sound of sobbing rise faintly over they . we be on the roof of a house , and a figure with its back to we be do the cry . the figure drink from a bottle . a long , hard pull . ( continued ) 69 . continued : come around thefrontwe see the figure be Adam mccarthy , Frank and Sheila 'sson , sit on the roof of he house , stare out at thecityand get quietly shit-face . CUT to : int be . room day Tom pries he eye open , exhaust . sunlight stream through the window , right into he face . he squint , look at the clock . it 's 10:26 . tom oh , man ... he sit up , painfully . a beam of sunlight cut he right across the eye . a minute later , Tom pull he jeans on . he sit on a chair , put on a shoe . but the other one 's go . he feel under the chair . not there . he open the closet door . not there . he look under the bed . there it be . he grab it . int bathroom day a note be tape to the bathroom mirror -- " went to the park with jake . M. " Tom take it down and read it . int live room day Tom come downstairs and head for the kitchen . there 's someone stand in he live room , in the doorway from the dining room . it 's Frank , he neighbor from next door , wear a red shirt . Frank be stare at the floor . tom Frank ? what be you do here ? Frank look up at he . his face be sad . frank they be go to kill you , Tommy . you and maggie both . ( continued ) 70 . continued : Frank turn and walk to the front door . he open it , walk outside , and sit on the top step of the porch , look out at the street . Tom follow he . ext front porch day it 's a beautiful day , but the street be still kind of a m..ss from the party yesterday . Tom come out and look down at Frank , who 's just sit there , stare out at the litter . tom why do you say that , Frank ? frank ( in he own world ) this be a decent neighborhood . on the street , two kide ride they bike straight at each other , full tilt , scream . at the last second , one of the kid swerve , the other taunt he with cry of " Chicken ! " a bird swoops over Tom 's head , too low , and Tom flinch . he walk across the driveway , toward Frank 's house . the mailman wave to he , head down the block . Tom wave back . Tom walk up the step to Frank 's front door and knock . a voice call from inside . adam ( o.s. ) come in ! int franks house day Tom open the door and come in . Adam , Frank 's son , be stand in the middle of the live room floor , a big smile on he face and one arm behind he back . adam hi! tom hi. adam want to see what I have get ? tom sure . Adam pull he arm around from behind he back . he 's hold a 38 with a carve white handle . ( continued ) 71 . continued : tom ( cont ' d) be that you dad 's ? adam not today . come here : Tom walk toward he . adam ( cont ' d) closer . Tom walk closer . he 's right in front of Adam . adam ( cont ' d) I bet you never see this before . he point the gun barrel at Tom -- -- then swing it around and point it at he own heart . tom oh , do not do that . Adam pull the trigger . Tom scream as Adam collapse to the floor , blood pour from he chest . his body convulse -- int bedroom day -- and Tom 's eye pop open , in bed . that be weird . Tom blink , exhaust . sunlight stream through the window , right into he face . he squint , look at the clock . it 's 10:26 . tom oh , man ... he sit up , painfully . a beam of sunlight cut he right across the eye . a minute later , Tom pull on a pair of jeans . he sit down , put on a shoe . but the other one 's go . he feel under the chair . not there . he open the closet door . not there . Tom blink , unsettle . this be kinda familiar . he turn and look at the bed . ( continued ) 72 . continued : tom please do not be under there . he bend down , lift the blanket , and look under the bed . there 's he shoe . tom ( cont ' d) shit . he grab it . int bathroom day a note be tape to the bathroom mirror -- " went to the park with jake . M. " Tom wince as he take it down and read it . again . int live room day shod , Tom come down the stair and into the live room . Frank 's not there , thank God . Tom go to the front door and open it . tom uh ... Frank ? but Frank 's not on the porch either . Tom step outside . ext front porch day it 's a beautiful day , but the street be still kind of a mess from the party yesterday . a shout draw Tom 's attention . that same two kid ride they bike at each other , full tilt . Tom walk down the step of the porch , stare at they as they scream . at the last second , one of the kid turn away . the other taunt he with cry of " Chicken ! " Tom stand freeze on the sidewalk . a bird swoops low over he head ; he really flinch this time . the mailman wave to he , head down the block . too stunne , Tom do not wave back . he turn , panicked , and look at Frank 's house . he start to walk toward it , slowly at first , then pick up speed , jogging across the driveway . he 's halfway there -- -- when a gunshot ring out from inside . tom oh , God ... ( continued ) 73. continued : he race the rest of the way , bound up the step to the house , rip open the screen door . but the front door be lock . he pound on it . tom ( coast ' d ) adam ?! adam , OPEN the door !! he pound harder , but there 's no answer . he go to the window beside the door and peer through it . through the window , he see Adam lie on the floor in the middle of the live room . on the porch , tom oh , God , no ! Tom pick up a porch chair and heave it through the window . int franks house day Glass shatter and spray all over the floor . Tom knock the rest out of the frame with he elbow and climb into the house . he race over to Adam 's body . there be a pool of blood around he chest and he body be convulse . in he right hand , he clutches a 38 with a carve white handle . tom oh , God , no , Jesus , no , please ... he grab a blanket off a chair nearby , press it to Adam 's chest , try to stop the bleed . tom ( cont ' d) this be really happen .. , it 's really happen ... CUT to : ext our block day Tom sit on he front step , shell shocked , red light flash off he face . a ambulance and two police car be park in front of the house next door , radio squawking with official activity . ( continued ) 74 . continued : Tom just stare . a car come barrel around the corner and squeal to a halt in front of the house . Frank and Sheila leap out of the car and race toward the house . Tom watch as they be intercept - by a cop who try to restrain they for a second . but they be hysterical , they have obviously be tell something serious have happen and they be desperate to get inside . they blow past the cop and hurry up the stair , just as three paramedics wheel a stretcher out of the house , head for the ambulance . the sheet be not over Adam 's head , at least , but that 's about the only good sign , they be work on he frantically . Tom bury he head in he lap as he hear the cry of Adam 's parent -- Frank 's anguish , disbely bellow , Sheila 's horrify scream . CUT to : int live room night close on a tear off piece of notebook paper with a address and a time scribble on it . the word " cacophony " be legible . maggie pick it up , stare at it for a moment , then hand it to Tom , who be by the front door , zipping he jacket . he take it and shove it in he pocket . he 's nervous . they both be . she smooth he jacket . he turn to go , but she tighten she grip on he jacket . do not want to let he go . tom we need some answer , right ? maybe they be the only one who have any . she nod . think of something , she pick up she car key from the table by the door and pull something off the ring . maggie I be sure they be very nice people , but in case they be not -- she hand a thin black cannister to he . maggie ( coat ' d) mace the shit out of `em . he smile and shove it in he pocket . she kiss he . ext dingy STREET night Tom walk down a street in a dodgy neighborhood at night , check address . he stop and look up , at a old , formerly grand apartment building that 's fall on hard time . int build - corridor night the corridor be even creepier . and massive . Tom reach a door all the way at the end and knock . a moment later , the door open . a very heavy - set woman in a floral print dress ( vivian ) smile at he . vivian I hope you like fondue ! int vivian' apartment night vivian set a plate down on a tv tray in front of Tom . there be a pile of chunks of various hard - to-identify meat , a silver fondue spear , and a chocolate cupcake with a american flag stick in it . Tom sit on a overstuff couch that 's leak stuff . vivian dip away ! tom thank you . listen , be , uh -- vivian give another plate to a man sit next to Tom , herman , in he seventies , in a wheelchair , a oxygen tube run into he nostril . tom ( coat ' d) be there a guy name Neil here ? he 's a cop ? vivian well , of course he be ! she turn and head back into the kitchen , pass beverly , she identical twin , who 's wear the same print dress , this one with a red background instead of blue . beverly serve two people on the far couch , one a thirteen year old girl , the other a homey in he early twenty . Tom pick up a ham chunk and look at the steaming fondue pot , full of cheese . beverly dip and eat , wink at he , and flit off across the room . herman turn to Tom and ask something in a raspy voice . ( continued ) 76 . continued : tom Excuse I ? irritate , herman gesture for he to lean closer . Tom do . herman what do it want you to do ? tom I do not ... I be sorry , I do not under - herman wrap he bony finger around Tom 's wrist . herman then you be not listen ! neil ( o.s . ) it 's he first time , herman . give he a break . Tom turn . Neil , the cop he see the other night , have come in from the kitchen . tonight he 's in street clothes . neil ( cont ' d ) ( point at Tom ) lemme guess . " distend parietal lobe , " right ? tom ( amazed ) who be you guy ? neil do not have a name . cacophony Society , somebody say once , that stick for a while . you know , like too many voice in we head ? I think it 's too melodramatic . how about " fellow sufferer ? " vivian come in from the kitchen with two big gallon jug of orange juice . there be aaaahs1 of appreciation . tom do everybody here -- see thing , like I ? neil ( nods ) buncha freak , huh ? herman speak for yourself . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) neil no , herman , you be a freak . " mutant " be a better word for the rest of we . he pull ' ip a chair and sit down opposite Tom . on the other side of tie room , vivian and beverly tell a animated two - part story to he teenage girl and the homey , finish each other ' se . . tence . neil ( cont ' d) like any other part of we body , we brain have evolve a lot in a hundred thousand year . we first thought be formless . struggle consciousness . sensation . a instinctive tie to we environment . but then we brain begin to focus . we sacrifice the intuition we first have so we thought could be direct , so we could master specific function . that 's where we be at the moment . we be brilliant with technique , but we have give up instinct . so the next evolutionary step , the step yet to come , or perhaps it 's already in the make , be actually backward . to maintain we higher function , but reawaken the part of we brain that be pure intuition . that be receptive to anything , because it do not know enough not to believe . you be a freak of nature , pal , a evolutionary step . you be double - jointed . ( tap he head ) up here . tom be we the only one ? neil hardly . I have hear of group like ours in San Francisco , New York , minneapolis -- that be just the city I have be to . Tom , you be what they use to call a medium . you be like a man in a dark tunnel with a flashlight , but the light only go on once in a while . when it flicker on , you get a glimpse of something , but not enough of a glimpse to know what it be . just enough to know it 's there . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 3 ) tom what about my son ? neil ( sn file ) the ncxt generation . much better flashlight . tom wright , if there 's all this people who get this power , why do not everybody know about it ? why be not it common knowledge ? neil it be . a lotta people know . unfortunately , the easiest people to convince , the believer type , they also tend to be the dumbest . and people who demand proof -- well , this be not something we can control , it come when it come , so if you can not make it happen , how can you prove it ? it 's like that sing frog in the cartoon , but when the guy put it on stage it just croak and he look like a jerk . herman laugh , horribly . he like that cartoon . neil ( cont ' d) some of we try anyway . I say who need that kind of aggravation ? tom this all start when I be hypnotize . be that how it always be ? neil first time I have hear that one . it come all different way . sometimes it go the same way it come . tom so it do go away . neil for some people . do not look for rule . we be off the map here . herman what do it want you to do ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 4 ) tom what do what want I to do ? herman you see a ghos - , do not you ? Z 'm yeah . twice . to girl that disappear from my neighborhood . now the kid next door just try to kill himself . I think he know something , but now I will never know what it be . and I gotta know . herman look , what would the bitch want ? tom why do you assume she want something ? neil they always do . something they need finish , something they can not do any more . tom why I ? neil because she 's confuse . do not know why other people will not answer she . she only know that you will . if she have not ask for something yet , she will . and once they ask , it 's very difficult to stop yourself from do it . tom what do you mean ? she can , it can make I do something I do not want to do ? neil oh , no . you will want to . badly . you will not think about anything else . you will not sleep . you will not eat . you will lie . and God help anyone who try to stop you . tom what if I stop I ? what if I just do not do it ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 5 ) herman then you get a weird bitch friend for the rest of you life . neil just listen to she , Tom let she tell you what she want . CUT to : int philip' apartment - hallway night a hand pound on a apartment door . Philip open up . he be asleep . philip what , what , what ? tom I want you to hypnotize I again . int philip' apartment night Tom pace the floor in Philip 's apartment . philip just slow down , you gotta be a little patient with I here , `cause , um ... well , Tom , Tom , I have get a confession to make . see I , I , I just smoke this great big fatty a few minute before you walk in , so this shit you be tellin ' I here be fuckin ' with my mind just a little bit extra , okay ? Tom grab a chair from Philip 's desk and sit . tom do it . moment later , they sit face to face . philip okay . Close you eye . Tom close he eye . 81 . in the black , philip ( o.s . ) just like last time -- I want you to concentrate . listen to the room around you . Tom listen . the factory churn softly outsioi the window . a few car in the street below . his breathing . philip ( cont ' d) now focus . concentrate . look at the back of you eyelid . do you see anything there ? in philip' apartment , tom ( open he eye ) would you just get to it , please ? philip all right , all right . Tom close he eye again . philip ( cont ' d) I want you to pretend you be in a movie theatre . int movie theatre night we be sit alone in a empty movie theatre . the seat and wall be cover in black velvet . philip ( o.s . ) it 's very dark . everything be cover in black velvet . the seat , the wall , the floor . in the whole pitch - black theatre , there 's only one thing you can see . the white screen . you drift toward it , in you chair . up ahead of we , the screen be a dazzle white . we move slowly toward it , float over the seat . philip ( o.s . ) there be letter up on the screen . tall , thick , black letter , but they be out of focus . you drift closer to they . ( continued ) 82. continued : we do drift closer to the blurry letter , but we attention be divert by something . Three row from the screen , there be a figure in one of the seat , its back to we . int philip' apartment night Tom 's eye be sill close . his face furrow in conctrn . tom there 's someone in here . philip no , it 's empty . tom there 's someone else here . philip no , man , I say you be alone in the theatre . int movie theatre night but there be someone in the theatre with we , and we continue to drift forward toward they . philip ( of . 's . ) you be comfortable in you black velvet seat , very comfortable ... actually , we be quite nervous , drift closer and closer to that figure sit in the third row , its back to we . philip ( of . 's . ) you foot and ankle be relaxed . you leg be relaxed . int philip' apartment night Tom 's eye be still close . his chest be twitching . tom hard to breathe int movie theatre night the figure in the seat be only a row or two ahead of we now . it 's a woman . we keep drift closer . philip ( of . 's . ) you hand be limp and heavy . you arm be relaxed . you face . ( continued ) 83. continued : we hand reach out , touch the shoulder of the woman . she turn . it 's samantha . her face be shroud in plastic . her mouth press against the plastic , it form a horrible round 0 , contort in a silent scream . int philip' apartment night Tom 's eye flicker madly under the lid . Philip 's worried . philip I want you to look at the screen . tom ( gasping ) I can not breathe ! philip look at the screen , Tom . int movie theatre night now Tom 's not just a observer in the movie theatre , he 's in the movie theatre , sit right next to samantha . she 's paw at he , it 's all he can do to fight she hand off . in they struggle , he finger close around the plastic that shroud she face . he sweep it off she head . philip ( o.s . ) the screen , Tom , look at the screen ! you can read the letter now ! samantha 's face be bloody and bruise , as the plastic come off she gasp for air and let out a ghastly , inhuman shriek that fill the theatre . Philip 's voice get louder as he struggle to maintain control of the hypnosis . philip ( o.s. ) look at the screen , Tom , you be close enough now , you can read the letter , you be right up next to they ! Tom , still hold off samantha 's grasp hand , turn and look up at the movie screen . philip ( of . 's . ) the letter come into focus , they spell -- Tom 's eye widen as he stare at the screen . Three huge letter pop into focus and fill we field of vision . the letter say : ( continued ) 84 Â€¢ continued : dig 85 . int philip' apartment night Tom 's eye pop open and he stagger backwards , gasp for air , knock the chair out from under himself . he fall back against Philip 's desk , scared out of he mind . philip what ?! what happen ?! tom could not breathe ... philip be you okay ?! Tom wipe he brow , he 's cover in sweat . tom plastic , like sheet of plastic ... he shove Philip out of the way , find the refrigerator on the other side of the room . he rip it open , search for something to drink . Philip follow he . philip I think you need to sit down , man , something very next level be happen there , you should have see you face . only beer in the fridge . Tom crack one open and upend it . philip ( cont ' d) uh ... want a brew ? Tom drink the entire can . philip ( cont ' d) feel better ? Tom nod , wiping he chin . philip ( cont ' d) what happen ? Tom look at he , calming . tom she tell I what she want . CUT to : ext tom &amp ; maggie' house day maggie 's sentra pull into the driveway of they house , parking behind Tom 's phone company truck . she get out , dress in work clothes , and pull two bag of grocery out of the trunk . she look at Tom 's truck , then at she watch . Home already ? int tom &amp ; maggie' house day maggie come in the front door . maggie ( call out ) hey ! you be home early ! she struggle to take the key out of the door while still hold the grocery . maggie ( cont ' d) can you pick up Jake ? I be exhaust ! she come in and kick the door shut behind she . Tom 's nowhere to be see . from somewhere in back , there be a faint crunching sound . maggie ( cont ' d) hello ? no answer . she head into the kitchen with the grocery . int kitchen day in the kitchen , a letter be wait in the tray of a old fax machine on the counter . maggie stop in the doorway , stare at the floor . muddy footprint lead into and out of the kitchen , through the door to the back . thick chunks of wet mud be everywhere . maggie hey , look what I be not clean up . she set the grocery down on the counter and pull out a gallon of milk . she open the refrigerator . she do a double take . the entire top shelf be jamme with cardboard carton of orange juice . from outside , the crunching sound come again . she follow the muddy footprint out the kitchen door . ext back yard day the back yard be smallish , but it 's a nice little patch of grass . use to be , anyway , because now there be three large hole in it , dig seemingly at random location . large pile of dirt and rock be heave up next to the hole . Tom stand in one of t1.e hole , he back to maggie , hoist a large pick axe high over he head . crunch . he bring the pick down , into the hole . busy guy . maggie be aghast . she walk slowly across the yard , past a pile of shovel and bucket and other tool . she draw closer to he . maggie Tom ? Tom raise the pick high and bring it down hard . crunch . the hole he 's in at the moment be not more than two or three foot deep . but , hey , it 's early . maggie draw closer . in between swing -- maggie ( coast ' d) Tom . Tom whirl , the pick raise to defend himself . his shirt 's off , he chest and face be streak with mud and sweat . maggie jump back . tom you scared I . and with that , he turn back to the job . swing . crunch . maggie S scared you ? swing . crunch . maggie ( cont ' d) tom. swing . crunch . maggie ( cont ' d) what be you do ? tom ( do not turn around ) I be suppose to dig . ( continued ) 88. continued : swing . crunch . maggie walk around he , so she 's face he . he keep work . maggie what do you mean ? Zom shrug . swing the pick . tom I be suppose to dig . maggie who say ? he just look at she from under he sweaty brow . you know who . maggie ( cont ' d) oh. Tom manage to break apart the rock he be work on with the pick . he toss the axe , which bounce crazily across the grass at maggie 's foot . she jump out of the way . he hoist himself out of the hole and pick up the garden hose . he spray water into the hole . maggie ( cont ' d) why be you do this ? tom Water soften up the dirt . he toss the hose aside and grab a shovel . he jump back in the hole and start to dig . maggie no , I mean ... could you stop for a minute ? ( he keep digging ) would you please stop for a minute ? tom what do n ' t you get ? I be suppose to dig . maggie tom ! i'm asking you to stop for one minute ! he look up , supremely irritate , and lean on the shovel . " well ? " ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) maggie ( coat ' d) m2y be you digging ? tom ( be not it obvious ? ) , I be search . maggie what be you search for ? tom the question be not " what . " we both know very well " what , " even if we do not want to may it out loud . the question , maggie , which , as you can plainly see , I be very busy try to answer -- the question be " where ? " maggie I think we should call the police . tom and tell they what , exactly ? run it by I once . practice , see how it sound . ( look at he watch ) anything else ? maggie why do not you come in the house with I ? take a break . I want to talk to you , you be not yourself right now . tom this be just fuck typical , be not it ? he climb out of the hole and walk toward she . tom ( cont ' d) what do you want I to do , maggie , you want I to go inside , sit down in front of the tv , drink eight or nine beer till I fall asleep in the chair ? like that ? maybe repeat the whole thing tomorrow and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after and the day after - ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 3 ) maggie stop ! tom - until I grab my chest - and die ?! May ) e I be already dead ! this be the mo . important thing that 's ever happ â un to I , the most important thin I have ever do in my life , maggie , my whole stupid life , and you want I to just stop ?! by the and of he tirade , two neighbor be stare over the back fence . he 's only a few foot from maggie now , the vein in he neck stand out . she hold she ground . maggie ( quietly ) I have know you since I be nineteen year old , you never talk to I like that before . not one time . he stare at she , furious -- -- and then jump in the hole and start digging again . maggie turn and stalk across the yard and into the house . Tom keep digging for a moment , then hurl the shovel across the yard . tom interruption ! he pick up he tee shirt , snake angrily into it , and march across the yard toward the house . tom ( cant ' d ) ( to the neighbor ) what be you lookin ' at ? int kitchen day maggie site at the kitchen table , read the letter that come in on the fax . Tom come into the room behind she , pause in the doorway , compose himself . she keep read . he sigh , heavily . she do not turn around . he go to the refrigerator and take out a carton of orange juice . he take two glass from a cupboard and sit down at the table opposite she . he fill both glass and put one in front of she . she look up at he as he drain he . he pause , stare at she . ( continued ) 91 . continued : tom you gonna drink that ? she do not answer . he take she glass , drink some . tom ( cone ' d) I be sorry . no answer . tom ( coat ' d) okay , I be not sorry . she ignore he . he look at the letter in she hand . tom ( cont ' d) who 's that from ? maggie my brother Steve . my mother 's go back in the hospital again . tom ( immediately ) no , sh- he stop himself . she look at he . maggie what ? he shake he head . maggie ( cont ' d) what ? tom nothing . they stare at each other . Tom 's face be pale . maggie be concerned . the phone ring . maggie stare at Tom . the phone ring again . she lower she voice , plead . maggie what be it ? Tom can not look at she . the phone ring again . Tom get up , open the door that lead to the back yard , and go outside . ext back yard day Tom take a few step out of the house , put he hand to he head in pain . whatever it be , he know . in the house , the phone ring a fourth time . maggie 's voice drift through the open doorway as she answer i; . maggie ( - 9 . ) hello ? Tom close he eye . maggie ( o.s . ) Steve , I be just go to - she stop . there be a long silence . Tom open he eye . a tear run down he cheek . he wipe it away . he turn and walk back toward the house , slowly . there be dead silence inside . as he near the doorway , he hear the sound of the telephone be place back in its cradle . maggie reach the doorway at the same time Tom do . she look up at he , she eye fill with tear . he put he arm around she and she break down . he hold she . he hold she for a long moment . maggie ( cont ' d) you know . ( no answer ) you know , do not you ? tom when 's the funeral ? maggie Sunday . we should leave as soon as we can . tom we ? she stiffen . tom ( cont ' d) oh , you , uh ... you want I to go with you ? she look at he , deeply hurt . then enraged . she push he away from she , hard . he stumble back into the yard . ( continued ) 93. continued : tom ( cont ' d ) hey , I just think , maybe , you know ... you family might want ... maggie do I want you to come with I :! to my mother' funeral ?! of course L want you to come , why the hell woullv 't you come ?! but he 's look past she , at the hole in the yard . tom I be just ... kind of in the middle of something here . she look at he , absolutely incredulous -- -- and then storm back into the house , slamming the door so hard two of the glass pane spiderweb . CUT to : ext driveway day Jake , twisted around in he car seat , look out the back window of maggie 's car . he raise one hand , wave . Tom stand in the open doorway of the garage , still in he mud - stain jeans and tee shirt . he wave back . the car pull out of the driveway , fast , and roar off down the block . Jake and maggie be go . ext back yard day there be now five large hole in the back yard , and Tom be run out of place to dig . nevertheless , he drag the hose across the yard to a untouched patch of grass in the far corner . he stop short . hose will not reach . at the spigot , he unscrew the hose and carry it across the yard . at another spigot , this one in the far corner , he reconnect the hose and turn on the water . nothing come out . ( continued ) 94 . continued : tom come on ! Tom curse and trudge back toward the house . int kitchen day Tom get a screwdriver from a tool drawer in the kit-hen . int dine room day Tom stomp into the dining room and go to a closet on the far wall . he open the door and toss aside a carpet flap that cover the floor . he shove the screwdriver into a crack in the floor and pries up a trap door , two foot square , in the middle of the closet floor . through the hole , he can see a ladder rest up against the wall below . he feel for the rung with he foot and start to climb down . int basement day as Tom climb down , he reach out for a chain that hang from a bare bulb in the ceiling and turn it on . they have only a partial basement , a ten by ten foot space about eight foot deep . the rest of the area under the house be just crawl space , barely enough to wriggle through . Tom reach the bottom and go to the far side , where a mess of water pipe all converge . he pick through they , find the valve that lead outside , turn one off and another one on . water surge through the pipe , head out to the far spigot . he turn to climb back up the ladder . and stop . he look down , at the floor . it 's dirt . he kick at the dirt with he shoe , think . a few minute later , the pick axe fall . Tom have bring all he tool into the basement and be now digging in the middle of the basement floor . the bare bulb throw he exaggerated shadow on the earthen wall . he work . ext our block day it 's quiet in the neighborhood . the crunching sound of Tom 's pick axe fall echoe over the block . int basement day Tom dig . the hole be almost four foot across , five foot deep . he 's uncover a large rock , a major chunk of stone , right in the middle of where he want to dig . he 's excavate all around the edge of the thing and be try to wedge it loose with a pry bar , but it will not budge . Tom collapse onto the floor , lean against the pile of mud and stone he 's already haul out . he think . CUT to : int yard supply warehouse day Tom walk down a aisle along one wall in a huge yard supply warehouse . tool be mount on the wall for sale -- shovel , pick , post hole digger . get all that . Tom keep walk . the tool get bigger . huge shovel . tractor blade . Hand pile driver . almost , but not quite . Tom keep walk . at the end of the row , underneath a sign that say " for rental only " be a industrial - size jackhammer , the kind road crew use to bust through whatever 's in they way . Tom 's face light up . ext STREET day the jackhammer ride in the back of Tom 's pickup truck , rattling along as the truck bounce over pothole . Tom pull into he driveway , come around , and drop the gate . use all he strength , he wrestle the jackhammer out of the back of the truck . it 's incredibly heavy , it take all he strength to haul it up the stair , kick open he door , and bring it into the house . in the STREET , lenny , the neighborhood crank , be wash he car . he hear a crash from over at Tom 's place and turn . he see Tom at he pickup , lug a huge air compressor out of it . Tom fight he way into the house with the compressor . lenny stare at he . ( continued ) 96 . continued : Sheila , carry flower and look like do not sleep last night , come out of she house and head for she car . she stop and stare too . int basement day in Tom 's basement , the compressor descend through the trap door above , seemingly of its own accord -- than we see it 's at the end of a rope and Tom be up in the trap door space , sweat and strain , lowering the thing down . it settles on the floor next to the jackhammer . a bit later , Tom reach up to the hang light bulb , which also have a electrical outlet in its fixture , and plug in a yellow safety cord . he flick a switch on the compressor and it rattle to life . he follow a hose over to where it plug into the side of the jackhammer , which now quiver with unleash power . Tom pick up the jackhammer . he haul it over to the rock that 's be in he way . he position the jackhammer 's spike on the top of the rock . he lower a pair of goggle over he eye . he swing he weight up , onto the jackhammer , and squeeze the handle . the jackhammer roar to life . it 's deafen . Tom 's whole body quiver . it 's like riding a bull , but the rock begin to split in half . Tom whoops with joy , barely hear over the din that echoe in he basement . ext STREET dusk as the sun go down , the sound of the roaring jackhammer be plainly audible on the block . the familiar homeless guy stop and shout something at Tom 's house . across the street , kurt damon come out he front door and stare at Tom 's house . what the hell be that guy up to ? CUT to : int uncle steve's house night a group of people in dark clothes mill around a live room , mutter in the soft tone of that at a wake . ( continued ) 97 . continued : there 's a lot of big irish guy drink beer , gut stuff into sweat- stain white shirt . maggie excuse herself from the group and step into another room . int steve's bedroom night the door be ajar , people visible through it as maggie dial a nu-rber on a bedside telephone . the phone ring on the other enc . and ring . and ring . just as she 's about to hang up , Tom answer . tom ( o.s. ) ( sound angry ) hello ? maggie it 's I . tom ( o.s. ) ( change he tone ) oh , hi . how ya doin ' ? maggie I be okay . tom ( o.s. ) how 's you family ? maggie you know . drunk . Fighting with each other . tom ( o.s. ) listen , maggie , I be sorry . I be a asshole . I should be there with you right now . maggie yeah , well , what can I say ? you be kind of a asshole . how do you feel ? tom ( o.s. ) Fine . a lot better . much , much better . everything 's fine here . Real good . maggie have you have any - tom ( o.s. ) nope . not even one . maggie no , uh ... no more digging ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : tom ( o.s. ) no. uh uh . back to normal . maggie look , I be sorry too . I ' wish I have not just storm out of there , I should not have leave you alone . tom ( o.s. ) I deserve it . maggie be you okay ? you sound funny . what be you do ? tom ( o.s. ) just ... move a chair . there . maggie why do not you come up here with we ? this time of night you could make it in a hour . tom ( o.s. ) well , I can not , really . maggie why not ? tom ( o.s. ) ( a lame lie ) I be , uh , not suppose to use the truck for personal trip . maggie ( try to keep she cool ) alright . I will come down there and get you . I will leave right now . behind she , the bedroom door swing open . Jake stand there . he look terrible . she do not hear he come in . tom ( o.s . ) no , no , no , no , no , what do you want to do that for ? do not come down here . jake feather everywhere . maggie turn back to Jake -- and gasp . he 's pee he pants , the urine drizzle down over he shoe . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) maggie ( into phone ) oh , my God , I gotta go . I will be there in a hour . tom ( o.s. ) maggie , wait , no , mag - she hang up the phone and race over to she son . maggie honey , what happen ? why do not you tell I you have to go to the potty ? Jake turn and look at she . jake help daddy . CUT to : int tom &amp ; maggie' dine room night Tom slam down the phone . he 's stand in the dining room , which be now so mud-spatter it look like the inside of a cave . the table have be shove against the wall , leg stick out into the room . one corner be fill with a pile of break - up chunks of rock . Tom stride across the room in two step , lower himself , and drop he leg through the open trap door . int basement night Tom sail down into the basement and land nimbly on the floor . do not even use the ladder anymore . the rock be go , break apart by the jackhammer , and the hole be now eight foot long and as many wide , and about four foot deep . Tom leap down into it and go back to work . CUT to : int steve's house night in the front hall of the house , maggie be put on she coat . Jake sit on the step , he coat on the carpet next to he . maggie Jake , come on , we have to go . jake I be stay here . ( continued ) 100 . continued : maggie what ? jake I want to stay at uncle Steve 's , I do not want to go home . maggie why not ? jake because I be not safe there . because of the feather . maggie what do that mean , Jake ? he shrug . Philip , maggie 's brother , stand in the doorway to the other room . philip it 's okay , I can watch he . maggie , in a hurry , agree . she bend over and kiss Jake on the forehead . maggie be good . she open the door and head out . as it 's swinging shut : jake do not stop for the train , mommy . ext uncle steve's house night maggie hear that just as the door close behind she . she miss a step , think about it , then start walk to she car . she walk faster . then she run . CUT to : int basement night in the basement , Tom abruptly stop digging , stare at the dirt . the corner of something shiny be stick out from the pile . he bend down and pull it out . ( continued ) 101 . continued : it 's a piece of clear blue plastic sheet , about two inch square . Tom 's hand start to shake as he hold it . a image flas. through he mind again , the one he 's see twice befoi- . a face , too close to he , sting at he through that blurr blue , like through bad eyeglass . in the basement , Tom turn and leap into the hole , shovel in hand . he begin to dig , wildly , fling dirt in all direction . at one end of the hole , he shovel slip , the dirt spilling off it as it stick on something . something bury . Tom drop the shovel . he fall to he knee and use he hand to rake the dirt away from whatever it be . more blue plastic . Tom tug out about eight inch of the plastic , get a good grip on it with both hand . he pull it up . like a rope pull out of the sand , the edge of the blue plastic rise up , unearthing itself in a line down the middle of the pit . breathe hard , Tom grab the shovel again . the dirt , fly away from the plastic as Tom work furiously . tom' face be of a man possess . he dig as fast as he can . finally , Tom stand back , stare down at what he have unearth . above he , we see what it be . a long piece of blue plastic , wrap around something about five and a half foot long and two and a half foot wide . Tom bend down and lay one hand on the plastic . he flinch . a image pop into he mind , another familiar one . a figure in afl overcoat , stand on the front porch of Tom 's own house in winter , wave to we to come up . ( continued ) 102 . continued : in the basement , Tom jerk he hand off the plastic . he swallow . he go to hi= toolbox and pull out a utility knife . he slide the rarr or blade forward . he go to one and of the plastic , bend down , and jam the knife through the sheet . he walk the length of it , make a slit down the middle . he reach out with shaking hand and pull part of the plastic back . the first thing he see be a partially decompose human hand . around the withere wrist , there be a half dozen multi - color bracelet . Tom yank the rest of the plastic away , revealing the half - decompose body of samantha muller , still in the black dress with the diamond pattern . Tom stand there , he chest heaving . he look at she hand , think . he sit down next to she . he reach out for she hand , then pull he own back . can not do it . but he 's gotta . he open he hand , reach out for hers . he slide he hand underneath -- take a deep breath -- -- and close he live finger around she skeletal one . he gasp . his face turn a horrible shade of pale , he lip go ice blue , and steam come out of he mouth , the way it do hers when he first see she in he live room . ext tom' house day it 's a wintry day . that same steam rise up in front of we , come from we own mouth . we be look at the front porch of Tom 's house as we walk past it . the house be be remodel , it 's surround by scaffold , its window cover with plastic duvateen . the figure in the overcoat wave to we . ( continued ) 103 . continued : figure hi! samantha ( off screen , we be in she point of vie sr ) hi . figure c'mare a sec ! samantha what ? figure I want to show you something ! we look back , over we shoulder , then back at the figure . you mean I ? this close now , we see the figure be kurt damon . samantha you want to show I something ? her manner of speech be childish , like a grade -schooler 's . kurt ( charming ) well , of course ! I do not see anybody else around ! we start up the step of the porch . kurt smile , beguilingly , and hold a hand out to we . samantha what be it ? kurt it 's a surprise . he tug . she resist . samantha what kind of surprise ? kurt well , if I tell you , it would not be much of a surprise , would it ? we let he pull we through the door . 104 . int house day kurt lead we into the live room . the window be cover with tinted plastic , casting a eerie blue light through the place . Adam mccarthy be in the live - loom too , drink from a bottle of schnapp . he 's drunk , slurring . he see we . adam happy St. Patrick 's Day . samantha what 's the surprise ? adam uh ... do not you have it ? he giggle . kurt oh yeah , the surprise . adam the surprise . they laugh and look at each other . kurt drink , then force the bottle back at Adam . adam ( cant ' d ) I be too waste . kurt drink , motherfucker , drink motherfucker , drink motherfucker drink ! he wrestle with Adam , force he to drink . half of it run down Adam 's chin . samantha I do not think there be a surprise . we turn and start for the door . kurt hurry around , intercept we . kurt yeah there be , yeah there be . he put he arm around we , lead we back into the room . ( continued ) 105 . continued : kurt ( cont ' d) the surprise be ... we decide we want to be you friend . samantha you do ? adam oh , yeah , so bad . he laugh . samantha why do you want to be my friend ? kurt be you kid ? look at yourself ! kurt turn samantha toward a old mirror that hang over the fireplace . she 's good - look , if she know it . terribly insecure , do not even like look at herself . we turn away , embarrassed . kurt ( coast ' d) ah ah ah , look ! he make we look in the mirror again . kurt ( cont ' d) mama , you be hot . he turn she toward he , look at she , closely . kurt ( coast ' d ) ( soft ) come on , let 's be friend . samantha well.. , you can kiss I if you want to . kurt lean in close , kiss we . after a moment , we force we head away , look down . kurt 's hand be on samantha 's breast . we push he back . samantha ( cont would ) not like that ! but kurt pull we closer , roughly . we struggle . kurt come on , samantha , I will be you friend , I swear I will . ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) kurt ( cont ' d) just be nice to I . be a good girl . you be a good girl , be not you ? samantha I have to go home . we struggle some more . he get he powerful hanis on we shoulder and start to push we down . kurt come on , baby , how `bout a little helmet wash ? his belt buckle come into we view , and he hand on it . we tear away , get up and run for the door . from behind , something hit we very hard . the floorboard race up at we , all of a sudden . we land on they , hard , bounce off , we own blood spraying out on the unfinish wood . we head land sideways on the floor . we see Adam mccarthy , vomit in the corner . abruptly , we be roll over and be stare at the ceiling . kurt damon be on top of we , he face too close . her hand rise up , try to push he off , but he 's stronger . samantha start to scream . hand close over we face . she bite , and the hand be pull away . she scream again . kurt ( cont ' d ) shut up ! shut up ! kurt hold she down , begin to try to undress she . she writhes and scream . she get one hand into kurt 's hair and pull as hard as she can . he shout in pain . in the corner , Adam mccarthy have he hand over he ear . adam make her stop ! make her stop screamin ' , man , make her stop ! but she keep scream . Adam stagger to a boom box that 's sit on the fireplace mantle and flick a switch . a song come on , loud . it 's a haunt tune , we recognize it . St 's the song Jake have be hum . kurt continue he fumble , drunken attempt at rape , tear she hand out of he hair . ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 3 ) kurt shut her up ! use you jacket or something ' Adam lunge to the wall and tear down a sheet of the blt plastic duvateen . he race over to we with the sheet -- -- and everything turn blue . now we sight and sound aye muffle and distort through the blue plastic . we see the image that have haunt Tom , the face of kurt damon , a blue demon as he grapples on top of we . in tom' basement , Tom be sprawle out beside the corpse , they hand lock together . his color be cadaverous . he 's suffocating . he thrashes . in the house , back in samantha 's point of view , we struggle , we thrash , it seem to go on forever . slowly , the sound become fainter and fainter and fainter ... and everything stop . we hear the muffle voice of kurt and Adam scream at each other . the sheet be rip off . we stare up at they as kurt and Adam stand above we , chest heaving , revolt look on they face , look at we like we be a dog they just kill with they car . adam oh , my God . kurt what the fuck do you do that for ? adam be she dead ? kurt no shit she 's dead . adam oh , my God . kurt look at she tongue , man . adam I be not here . ( continued ) 108 . continued : kurt I never see nobody dead before . we start to fall back , and down , as if sink into the floor . kurt and Adam grow taller , further away . they voice fade . adam I wish I be not here . kurt it 's fuckin ' gross . adam this be not happen . kurt fuckin ' plastic over she face . good thinkin ' , Adam . adam what do we do now ? kurt and Adam be very far away , blob of light at the end of a black tunnel that 's close in around we . just before everything go completely black -- int basement night Tom 's finger twitch open and he hand pull free of samantha 's . he open he eye and gulp air . the color return to he face as he pull he hand away from hers . but as he do so , he stop , stare intently at something in she finger . we do not see what it be . Tom draw himself to he foot and climb the ladder that lead upstairs . as he go , we pause , look between two rung near the top of the ladder . in the darken crawl space under the rest of the house -- -- a pair of eye stare at we . it 's kurt damon . he twist around quickly and scoot back out under the house , the way he come in . ext tom' house night under the front porch , a wood frame access panel lie on the grass next to the foundation of Tom 's house , where it have be remove . kurt damon wriggle out from under the house and come onto the grass . ( continued ) 109 . continued : but the sound of the front door of Tom 's house open send he scurrying back into the shadow . tom' feet come down the step and head off across the driveway . a moment later , kurt dart out from 'his hide place and hurry across the street , toward he own house . " om , near the front step of Frank 's house next door , think he hear something . he turn back , but kurt be go . Tom climb the step to Frank 's house . bouquet of flower have be leave here and there on the step , along with a few candle and handwritten sign -- " hang in there , Adam , " " we Love you , " that sort of thing . on franks front porch , Tom knock on the front door . a moment later , Frank open it . he look devastate , shell - shocked , he eye sink from cry . he 's wear a red shirt we have see before . tom how 's he doin ' ? Frank shrug . can not talk much . frank he might make it . might not . Sheila 's over there now , I be head back . tom Frank , I be sorry . I be sorry because ... I think I know why Adam shot himself . and I have to call the police about it . but I do not want you to hear it from they , I do not want Sheila to read it in the paper . you have the right to know before anybody else . frank what be you talk about ? tom come with I . he nod toward he own house . Frank stare at he , frighten , but what could possibly be worse than what 's already happen ? frank hang on a second . ( continued ) no . continued : he turn and head into the house . a few moment later he reappear , carry he jacket . Tom lead he across the driveway . the damon house be visible across the street . one by one , the ' light flick on in its window . Tom doesi .'t see . he and Frank reach the step of he house and start up . frank ( cont ' d) this better be important . Tom do not answer , just open the door and gesture for Frank to go first . int damon garage night in the damon garage , hand scramble frantically through drawer and come up with a handgun . now the hand find a box of bullet , shake they out onto a workbench . the hand load the gun . int tom &amp ; maggie' house night Tom close and lock the front door . Frank look at he --- well ? Tom lead he toward the dining room . int damon house night in the damon house , the same hand pull on a pair of leather glove . the glove hand screw the top off a bottle of bourbon , raise the bottle to lip that drink heavily . int dine room night Frank react to the ruin dining room . he look at Tom . frank what the hell be goin ' on around here ? Tom go to the trap door and lower himself halfway through . Frank follow . int damon house night the glove hand carry the bottle of bourbon into the damon live room , still under construction . the hand raise the bottle and offer it -- ( continued ) 113. continued : -- to kurt damon . Harry , he father , be the one wear the glove . kurt look terrify . harry drink up . you get this 'start , you be God damn well gonna help finish it . kurt take the bottle and drink . he start to lower it , but he father force he to drink more , and more , until he nearly retch . int tom' basement night Tom and Frank stand on opposite side of the grave , stare down at the corpse of samantha muller . Frank be horrify . frank how do you find this ? tom do it matter ? frank you do not know it be Adam and kurt . tom it be . frank but there 's nothing to ... you be talk like a nut , that 's what people will say . this be just a body , it do not prove anything . tom no , it do not . he bend down and lift samantha 's lifeless hand . he pries open she finger . she 's clutching a tuft of hair . tom ( cont ' d) but this probably will . Frank stare for a long moment , strike dumb . finally , he turn he back . his shoulder heave as he cry , silently . ext our block night in the misty night , the figure of Harry and kurt damon come out of they house and skulk across the street , toward Tom 's . 112 . ext road into town night maggie drive , as fast as she can . up ahead , red light flash and gate fall in front of a set of railroad track . train come . Cars be stop , wait for it . maggie pull to a stop at the back of the line -- -- then think better of it . she drop the car in gear , haul it around the other , and bolt for the track . the train , nearly upon she , blare its horn . maggie fly across the track and slam through the gate on the other side , a split - second before the train hurtle through the intersection behind she . she cut it hard to the right to miss the wait car on the other side , and pull it back on the road . she drive on , shaking like a leaf . int basement night Frank be still sobbing , he back to Tom . Tom take a step toward he , to comfort he . tom frank - frank I mean ... tom Frank , we have to - frank I mean , what be we suppose to do ? Tom stop . frank ( cont ' d) the kid come to we , she 's already dead , the damage be do , there 's nothin ' gonna bring she back . but that boy , they have get everything ahead of they . Frank let he jacket drop to the floor , revealing he right hand . he 's hold the 38 with the carve white handle . he turn and look at Tom . ( continued ) 113. continued : frank ( coast ' d) what be we suppose to do ? send we boy to jail for the rest of they life ? we own flesh and blood ? over she ? e3 T house night hairy and kurt damon reach the front step of Tom 's house . they look up and down the block . there 's no one out . no one to see . int basement night Frank still have the gun hang at he side , tear stream down he cheek . tom who you plan to shoot with that ? frank who do you think ? tom I think you have not decide yet . he 's right , and Frank know it . frank get out of here . tom what be you gonna do , Frank ? Frank raise the gun , in a fury . frank I be livin ' with this for almost a year , you think anything you say be gonna make one bit of difference to I ?! get the fuck out of here ! tom Frank , I will not go until you - Frank aim the gun just to the leave of Tom 's head and pull the trigger . the bullet crack off the ladder . frank get out ! get out ! Tom start up the ladder . 114 . int dine room night Tom crawl out the trap door and hurry out of the dining room . int li " ing room night Tom race ak . ross the live room , scoops hi : truck key off the desk , open the front door -- and find himself face to face with Harry damon and he son kurt . Harry slug Tom in the face with the butt end of the gun . Tom fall to the floor , moan . they step inside , quickly close the door behind they . they do not speak . kurt start to drag Tom , who be still stunne , across the live room floor . Harry pull a fold sheet of blue plastic from inside he jacket and spread it out on the carpet . kurt drag Tom into the middle of the plastic and drop he there . Tom be stare up at they , start to regain he sense . kurt don't look at I ! harry roll he over ! kurt do . Tom , regain he strength , start to struggle , but kurt put he knee in the middle of . Tom 's back and pull he head back . kurt be blubber , hysterical . harry ( con t' d ) shut the fuck up ! Harry pull the gun from he belt and raise it , put it to the back of Tom 's head . but then he lower it , he hand shaking so hard he can barely hold onto it . he work up he nerve -- harry ( cont would ) ahhhhhh !! -- raise the gun again , put it to the back of Tom 's head , cock it -- ( continued ) 115 . continued : and a spray of headlight splashes across the far wall of the room . nobody move . outside , they hear k car pull into the driveway and park . the engine shut off . kurt look at he father , panicked . Harry look down at Tom . Tom close he eye and pray . ext driveway night maggie- pull the key from the ignition and get out of the car . she walk toward the house , look anxiously around the neighborhood . as she reach the step , the light in the live room window abruptly click off . she stop . she start forward again , slowly . now the porch light click off . it 's real dark . maggie dig the car key out of she pocket and feel for something on the key chain . something that 's not there . maggie mace ... shit . she start up the stair . she reach the top . the last light that be on inside click off . now the house be totally black inside . remember something , she pull she purse around and feel inside it . she find the butterfly knife , the one she find in Tom 's pants . she hold it in she leave hand , key in she right . she go to the door . she unlock the deadbolt . Inside , she hear a scurry sound . she unlock the knob . she put the key back in she purse . ( continued ) 116 . continued : she switch the knife to she right hand , keep it close , conceal . she open the door . int live room nigf . T the room be pitch black , so b: aggie leave the door hang open . some light spill in from the street . maggie Tom ? no answer . she step inside and fumble for a light switch . she flick it . nothing happen . maggie ( cont ' d) be you here ? she cross the room to another light and click its switch . as the light flood the room : Harry , who be hide behind the front door , bang it shut . kurt damon be still kneel on Tom 's back , hold one hand roughly over he mouth , try to keep he quiet . maggie ( cont would ) wh - Harry raise the gun in he hand and point it at maggie . she lunge toward Tom , but Harry grab she by the arm and fling she roughly to the ground . Tom take advantage of the moment to flip kurt off he back . as the kid fly , Harry whirl , training the gun on Tom . harry don't move ! but Tom try to scramble to he foot . Harry start to squeeze the trigger -- -- and scream in agony . look down , he see maggie have plunge the knife into he thigh . she rip it out and plunge it in again . Harry 's arm fly up , the gun go off , and the bullet rip through the ceiling . int jake' room night on the second floor , in Jake 's bedroom ( which Jake be not in ) the bullet crack up through the floorboard , tear through he mattress , and burst through the little boy 's pillow . the pillow explode in a cloud of fea-her , which fly everywhere . feather everywhere . int live room night Tom crawl over to maggie and grab hold of she , put himself between she and Harry , who still have the gun . over at the fireplace , kurt damon pull the poker out of its holder . Harry aim the gun . kurt lunge forward with the poker . bang ! bang ! two shot ring out from the doorway to the dining room . Harry clutches he chest and drop to the floor . they all turn . Frank stand in the doorway to the dining room , clutching he 38 . kurt rush toward he , scream , poker raise high . Frank pull the trigger two more time . kurt go down . maggie scream . Tom huddle over she . Frank let the weapon slip from he finger . it hit the hardwood with a clatter . Tom and maggie look up . Frank look at they . in that red shirt , he be exactly the image Tom see of he in he dream . frank they be gonna kill you , Tommy . you and maggie both . Frank turn and walk to the front door . he open it , walk out onto the porch , and sit down on the top step , face the street . Tom look at maggie . they be both in shock , can hardly speak . ( continued ) 118. continued : tom you ... okay ? maggie nod , shaking . tom ( cont ' d) you save I . baby , I be alive be ;ause of you ... they hold each other . ext front porch night Tom come out of the house . Frank , sit on the top porch step , make no attempt to flee . Tom sit down beside he . from all around the block , voice be start to rise up -- " do you hear that ? " " what the hell ? ! " " somebody call a cop ! " Frank shake he head . frank cold-blood murder . I can not let something like that happen . not here . he look at tom. frank ( con t' d) this be a decent neighborhood . a few tentative face gather across the street , stare at Tom 's house , wonder what the hell . a siren wail in the distance . tom I think so , Frank . I sure as hell always think so . dissolve to : int hospital corridor day a newborn baby stare up at we from inside a roll bassinet . the bassinet be wheeled swiftly down a hospital corridor by a nurse . it 's a long trip , wherever it 's go , but the baby wait patiently , stare up at the ceiling , eye open . above the baby , the light streak by , white blur . the nurse lean down and look at the baby . to the baby , she 's just a fuzzy blob . nurse almost there ! ( continued ) 119 . continued : the baby turn and look sideways . the door of the hospital room whiz by , brown smear . nurse ( cont ' d) just around this corner ! she roll the bassinet around a corner and toward one or in particular . the baby see a bunch of shape inside the room . int hospital room day maggie , who have recently give birth , struggle to sit up in bad as the nurse roll the bassinet into the room . Tom , grin , get up from the chair he 's sit in with Jake . nurse meet the family ! she pick up the baby and hold she out to maggie , who take she eagerly . maggie hi , baby , do you sleep well ? I sure do not . the baby see maggie 's face , blurry , but friendly . Tom lean in . tom so you be the one that 's be kick my wife ! the baby see Tom 's blurry face . Jake step up , onto a step stool , so he can see over the edge of the bed . jake let I see , let I see ! maggie turn the baby so she 's face Jake . the infant look at she older brother . at first , he face be as blurry as everybody else 's . but slowly , Jake 's face become crystal clear , even though everything around he stay out of focus . jake ( cont ' d) can I hold she ? maggie if you be very , very careful . climb up here . ( continued ) 120 . continued : Jake climb up on the bed . maggie put some pillow around he and carefully place the baby in he lap . Jake look down at the infant . his expression become very serious . gently , he reach out with one hand and put he fingertip on the baby 's forehead , the same way he do to Tom 's forehead that first night . the baby and Jake stare at each other for a long moment . so long , in fact , that the adult become uncomfortable . nurse well , they ... certainly get along , do not they ? suddenly , Jake break into a wide grin and look up at he parent , thrilled . then he look back at he sister . he lean down and whisper softly in she ear . jake do not be afraid of 's to Tom and maggie look at each other . fade out