by ged foulke 01/18/10 producer : scott free , inc . 614 n. LA peer drive '' west hollywood , CA 90069 phone : 310-360-2250 obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net close on a spider . eye . fang . round hairy back pulsing with life . Cleaning itself at the center of its web , its small body be a blur of hideous industry . the image be grotesque , hypnotic , awesome . nature at its deadly and most efficient . we widen out , revealing we little friend be someplace dark and tight , a ideal spot for go about you business undisturbed ... until the web begin to shake . violently . the spider be startle . ( so be we . ) Music . someone 's play the piano , a piece a la gnossienne no , 4 by Erik satie . it 's haunt , even when play with more precision than passion ( as it be now ) . each note send vibration shimmer down the web . , . the spider set off to investigate , move rapidly over a series of ridge and plane . it come to a smooth lacquer surface , start to descend . as we watch it wind its way down one of the piano 's front leg , we realize we have be lurking beneath the instrument the entire time . the music continue as the spider quietly touch down on the hardwood floor , begin crawl stealthily toward the pedal ... close on a shoe . the black and white saddle kind , the kind a young girl might wear , move up and down on the gleam brass pedal . the spider come closer . closer . the shoe move up and down , up and down ... and just as we be sure this repulsive creature be about to skitter up that shoe and sink its tooth into tender skin , the shee casually pivot toward the spider , crush it underfoot . end of spider . we pan up from the shoe . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 2 meet india stoker , eighteen year old . and with no more than a glance at the thing on the floor that use to be alive , this unusually cool customer go back to she recital , close on India . not a easy face to describe . not that it 's without beauty ( it be not ) , not that it 's without character ( it be not ) , but it 's a face that give nothing away . you can not talk about the view with the shade pull down . we widen out , take in the scene . dress in a sweater set and skirt ( black ) , hair pull back in a ribbon ( also black ) , India sit at a black baby grand in the room she mother refer to as '' the parlor . '' chippendale chair , georgian table , Louis XVI commode . a long way from pottery barn . back straight , finger correct , India 's pale hand float easily over the key as April sunshine filter through the big picture window behind she . outside , gray - green wood and field stretch to the horizon and beyond . everything before we - girl , piano , parlor - feel well - tend and appoint . tasteful . and timeless . could be 2009 or 1959 . could be color , could be black and white . could go either way . one thing we do know : the music be gorgeous . too bad India 's on auto-pilot . she 's a human player~piano , deaf to its undercurrent of long and loss . might as well be '' frére ~ Jacques . '' as the piece crawl to a close a woman appear , stop just short in the doorway . this be evelyn '' evie '' stoker , on the other side of forty but still full of juice , still ripe for the pick ( if only someone would ) . not a hair 's out of place but she step be a little wobbly , so she discreetly ( she hope ) put a hand on the wall to steady herself . like she daughter , evie be dress head - to - toe in black ( french , expensive ) . unlike she daughter , she be garnish with diamond . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 3 she sweep India with she eye . sigh , smile . evie darling . the shoe . just this once ? do you think ? India stare at she mother with all the interest of a court stenographer . a moment slide by . we hear the tick -tock of the clock ( also french , also expensive ) on the carve mantelpiece . evie 's smile begin to twitch . evie ( cont ‘d ) do not do this to I , India ... not today . not. today . she walk away , retrieve a tumbler of booze from a small table set just outside the parlor door , just out of ( she daughter 's ) sight . evie ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) get in the car . CUT to : ext . town of middle bend - cemetery - day - later Hills . tree . Blue sky and green grass . a nice place to be bury . wide on a respectable turnout , assemble for just such a occasion . several dozen mourner gather before a open grave , the steel casket poise and wait above the void . the reverend ( 60' , about what you have expect ) intone the traditional platitude . as the sound of he voice rise and fall , we hear only snippet . reverend ..- Richard Stoker be , first and foremost , a family man . a devote husband to he wife Evelyn , a loving father to he daughter India ... evie and India be seat by themselves at the front . even in repose evie be a standout , a lily among the reed , black sunglass shield she eye from the sun 's bright glare . India sit next to she , hand in she lap , black and white saddle shoe cross demurely at the ankle . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 4 neither of they be in tear . reverend ( cont 'd ) ++- a pillar of we small community , Richard be a model to the town of Middle Bend ... at the back stand townsfolk from the aforementioned town . acquaintance mostly . people who have business with Richard Stoker or know he socially . people who come to show they respects or to satisfy curiosity . people who have nothing better to do . reverend ( cont 'd ) ... what it mean to be a man , to walk through this world with openness , honesty , integrity ... a breeze ruffle India 's hair . she turn she face to the sun , close she eye . when she open they , she see something she do not expect : a man , alone on the hillside above the funeral party . he 's stand quite still , hand shove deep in he pocket . reverend ( cont ’d ) .+-+ Richard Stoker be take from we by a cruel twist of fate , for reason unknown and unknowable ... India squint into the sun , try to get a better look . but from this distance the man 's feature be a blur , indistinct . someone cough behind she , loudly . India turn to look . when she turn back , the man be go , reverend ( cont ’d ) ++- let we bow we head ... India bow she head with the rest , but she eye remain fix on the empty hillside . CUT to : int . stoker residence — kitchen - day - later large , white -tile , the kind mean for staff . a oversize butcher block island in the middle , a breakfast nook larger than most kitchen off to the side . hire woman number one and hire woman number two ( 40' , match perm ) prepare hor d'oeuvre for the reception at one end of the island . as the woman slice , ladle and pour , they do what people do best when give time and opportunity . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 5 hire woman number one ( '' whisper '' ) so who 's go to look after she now ? hire woman number two ( '' whisper '' ) she 's not a kid anymore , she can lock after herself ... ( then ) who 's go to look after you husband ? that 's the real question , now the other one 's free and on the loose ... hire woman number one __ , ( giggle ) listen to you ... hire woman number two I be serious ! the two of ‘em , all alone , rattling around in this big old house ... sound like trouble ... hire woman number one well she would better not come sniff around my Carl ... not unless she bring she checkbook ... the two of they dissolve into loud , animated cackle . hire woman number two and I know you nre not just kiddin ' ! mrs . mcgarrick ( 0.8 . ) if_you do not mind ... caught out , the woman fall silent , turn sheepishly to face mrs . mcgarrick ( 50' ) . older , stout , and of a much @ifferent calibre , the Stoker 's housekeeper be more than a match for a couple of local yokel . hire woman number two sorry , Mrs. megarrick ... mrs . mcgarrick {stern and low ) '' sorry '' will not serve this food . and '' sorry '' will not pay you rent , the woman immediately sober up . mrs . mcgarrick ( cont 'd ) you will show some respect or I will show you both the door ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 6 hire woman number one sor- ( catch herself ) I mean , it will not happen again , Mrs. mcgarrick ... hire woman number two wo , it will not happen again ... mrs . mcgarrick good. alright ... go on . and try to remember where you be ... the woman exit the kitchen quickly , platter in hand . Mrs. mcgarrick watch they go , sigh , turn back toward the island , and we reveal India sit all the way down at . the other end . whether or not she 's be listen be ( to Mrs. mcgarrick at least ) unclear , perched on a tall wooden stool , India be carefully arrange devile egg on a large serve tray set in front of she . move from one egg to the next , she work be slow , methodical , with attention pay to detail . Mrs. mcgarrick come to stand over India 's shoulder , surveying the egg critically . mrs . mcgarrick ( cont 'd ) now I be worry I might have keep they in the fridge too long ... what do you think , miss India ? no response . Mrs. mcgarrick try again . mrs . mcgarrick ( cont 'd ) you do not think I be too stingy with the paprika , do you ? no response . still , Mrs. megarrick 's attitude remain kindly , maternal , it 's clear she care about the girl . it 's also clear she 's use to she peculiarity . mrs . mcgarrick ( cont 'd ) alright ... I guess they will do . but watch you do not get any on yourself though . or you mother 's 1l skin we both ... again , no response . hint take , Mrs. mcgarrick finally shuffles off , leave India alone at the island . we suddenly hear a spike in the noise level beyond the kitchen . it sound almost . merry . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 7 India turn she head , frown slightly . she wipe she hand on a dishtowel , rise . approach the swing door to the dining room , she pause , listen to the voice on the other side , the sound of she mother 's ( inappropriate ) laughter . India put a hand on the door and , after a moment , push it open . int . stoker residence - dine room — day - continuous the swing door open and all SOUND drop away . there he be . the man from the hillside . he 's stand at the center of a small crowd of mourner . evie stand next to he , one hand clutching a drink and the other he arm , as if afraid she will fall over if she let go . ( ox that he will get away . maybe both . ) but India 's attention be not on she mother . he be tall , wide - shoulder , with a handsome , unline face . almost boyish . Hair shiny and clean , cut short , and parte on the side . not dress for a funeral really , but still presentable in a corduroy jacket ( tailore ) , blue oxford shirt , khaki pants ( flat -front ) and loafer . he look like a natty schoolteacher from the 5us . or a missionary maybe . whatev room . India watch she mother try ( unsuccessfully ) to stifle another laugh . ( he must be very amusing . ) then , see India in the doorway , evie open she mouth to speak . the SOUND return in a rush . evie India ! India , darling , come and say hello to you uncle Charlie ! the man turn he head in India 's direction . meet uncle charlie , young brother of the recently decease . India look into he eye and freeze . evie ( cont 'd ) India , do not be rude ! come and say hello ! obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net q1/18/10 8 but India 's foot have a mind of they own , and they be move backward , toward the safety of the kitchen . her eye remain lock on uncle Charlie 's , she breath quicken . and then he wink at she . evie ( cont 'd ) India ! come here at once ! ( to uncle Charlie ) honestly , she can be so stand - offish sometimes ... but I guess we know who she get that from ... evie shake she head , annoyed , then , seem to change she mind , she smile at she daughter , take another sip from she glass , turn back to uncle Charlie . evie ( cont 'd ) I swear this be some kind of miracle , Charlie . Richard use to say you be lose forever ... India , forget , back quietly into the kitchen , allow the door to swing shut on its own . the last thing she see be uncle Charlie , smile warmly , give she mother he full attention , int . stoker residence - kitchen - day - continuous India turn around , light -headed , and find Mrs. mcgarrick stand in front of she , look concerned . the two hire woman hover behind , they eye large and curious . mrs . mcgarrick why , India ... sweetheart ... you be white as a sheet ... she reach out as if to touch India ( but do not quite ) . mrs. mcgarrick ( cont ’d ) what 's the matter ? be something wrong ? india yes ... and then , as if they have be discuss the weather - india ( cont 'd ) my father be dead . cur to : obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 3 int , stoker residence ~ various - later afternoon turn to evening and the alcohol work its magic . we pass among the guest , cutting back and forth as need . lady number one and lady number two ( 40 's , bone~thin ) stand before a large 6 tagére in the live room , finger knickknack and twirling glass of white . lady number one I wonder if she will have to sell up now ... lady number two do not count on it . from what I hear she 's be well - take care of ... and then some . lady number one it 's too bad ... lady number two I know ... ( sighing ) I no kill for some of this crystal ... man number one and man number two ( 50' , match belly , dark blazer ) stand in the walnut - panele dining room , keep a eye on the buffet and guzzle scotch . man number one Hell of a way to go . man number two sust hope it be quick . man number one close casket - do you see ? man number two no . I think that be the point . three grannie ( pearl , print dress ) sit on a chintz - cover sofa in the parlor , drink tea and nibble white cake with frosting . granny number one ( carefully ) from what I understand , they be call it a car accident ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 10 granny number two Weil I think we all know what that mean ... they nod . granny number three drink . cut to the man . man number two Stan be there when they bring the body in . man number one you be kid . what would he say ? man number two he say he 'il be off pull pork for awhile . two little boy , one bigger than the other , both dress in they Sunday best , sit at the bottom of the carve staircase in the foyer . bigger boy I hear he face be like this ! make a scary face . smaller boy ewwww ..- bigger boy and he eye be like this ! make another one . smaller boy stop ... curt to the lady . lady number one but here 's the thing : Bill know Richard to speak to , and he say he never touch a drop . lady number two unlike a certain merry widow ... lady number one ( giggle ) listen to you ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/28/10 11 they head swivel in evie 's direction . she 's on the other side of the room , talk to uncle Charlie ( still ) . the lady share a look , pluck eyebrow shoot skyward . cut to the boy , the bigger one really get into it . bigger boy and he tongue be like this ! smaller boy ewww ! bigger boy and he hand be like this ! he reach out , grab and grasp . smaller boy I say stop it ! continue intercutting as need , creating the impression of one continuous conversation lady number two ( eyeing uncle Charlie ) Cornell Business . class of - granny number one Yale divinity . class of - man number one explosive expert . just get back ... lady number one .+++ from a dig in megiddo . granny number two machakos . digging well ... man number two medic . he say medic . lady number two whatever . it 's a awful thing to come home to ... granny number three you own brother 's funeral ! man number one at least he 's get family ... lady number one you mean in - law ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 02/18/10 12 granny number one you mean a widow ... lady number two a widow and a little weirdo ... man number two and a shitload of cash . granny number two which be whose now ? man number one hers ? lady number two it 's all hers . granny number three but he be Richard 's brother ... man number one he must be get something ... granny number two it 's only fair ... man number one the man 's a veteran ... granny number one a minister ... man number two a hero ... lady number two and single . man number one penniless ... granny number three homeless ... lady number one with a book of poetry out in the fall ... smaller boy i_said stop it ! and he smack the bigger boy - hard . a stunne pause , surprise on both they little face . then there 's some sniffle and snuffling before the inevitable . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 13 bigger boy I be gonna telllllllllll ... he stand up , blubber , go off to find mommy . the smaller boy get up and follow , look guilty . ( and maybe a little bit pleased . ) we stay on the staix , panning up from where the boy be just sit , until we reach a familiar pair of black and white saddle shoe . we reveal India , sit halfway up the stair . she 's clearly hear every word . India watch the boy go , face impassive . then she rise , turn to go up to she room ... uncle charlie ( 0.s. ) hello , India . + '' - and nearly jump out of she skin . we reveal uncle Charlie , stand at the very top of the stair . his hand in he pocket , a small smile on he face . he 's be watch she . no tell how long . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) sorry about that . do not mean to scare you . beat . india ( evenly ) you do not . uncle chariie grin a slow one . uncle charlie it 's a bad habit , you know . india sneak up on people ? uncle charlie eavesdropp , touché . uncle charlie ( cont ’d ) how about we start again ? I be Charlie ... you uncle . India say nothing , stay where she be . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/28/10 14 uncle charlie ( cont ‘d ) it 's nice to meet you , India ... at last . ( then ) I be very sorry for you loss . india it 's you loss too . uncle charlie yes , you nre right . you be absolutely right ... ( beat ) do you know I have not see you father in over thirty year ? and now I never will again ... it 's a lot to take in all at once ... he look break suddenly , with a distant look in he eye , uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) I will never know what kind of man my brother grow up to be ... what kind of husband he be , what kind of father ... india '' love , devote , and a pillar of the community . '' that 's what they say at the funeral anyway . ( beat ) or maybe you be not listen . uncle charlie ( smile return ) yes , I be listen ... but I want to know who he be to you , India ... I want to know what he be like behind close door , when the neighbor be not watch ... that 's when you get the real story . that 's when you get the truth . india you be ask the wrong person . uncle charlie why ? be not you close with you father ? '' daddy 's little girl ? '' his tone be light but India 's eye darken . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) ( quiet ) T see ... well we all have we cross to bear . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/16 15 india you talk like a bad play . uncle Charlie seem oddly pleased by this remark . uncle charlie you will find most people do . India remain silent , watchful . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) do you know why you feel at a disadvantage right now ? india because I do not know you exist until today ? uncle charlie because you be stand below I on the stair ... that mean I can look down on you but you have to look up to I ... he smile , shrugging . uncle charlie ( cont ‘d ) Basic stuff , really . psych 101 . still , worth pay attention to ... India just look at he . then she take a step upstairs . then another and another , until she 's up on the second floor landing , stand face to face with uncle Charlie , both of they on the same level . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) you see ? elementary ... then he smile playfully , eye twinkle . uncle charlie ( cont ’d ) bike how I get you to walk up the stair just now ... if India resent this little exercise she keep it to herself . india {cool ) do you enjoy play game , uncle Charlie ? obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 16 uncle charlie ( cooler ) life be about find way to keep yourself amused . the moment be strange , tense , and break when uncle Charlie turn and start walk back downstairs . uncle charlie ( cont ’d ) well enjoy the party ... this thing be for the live , you know . not the dead ... but then he stop halfway down , turn back to she , stand exactly where she stand a moment before . uncle charlie ( cont ’d ) oh - and that remind I . , . in about 60 second you mother be go to tell you that I ' 11l be stay with you for awhile ... she will present this as a do deal , but it 's you decision too , and I want you to have you say . india why ? uncle charlie because . it 's important to I . India open she mouth to respond , but before she can - uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) I will leave it up to you . say the word and £ ' 1l go . he make a right when he reach the bottom of the stair and disappear . second later , from the opposite direction , evie enter . she look up , spot she daughter on the second floor landing . evie there you be ! evie totter to the bottom of the stair , face flushed , lean heavily on the newel post . evie ( cont 'd ) darling , I have be look all over for you ! I have get the most wonderful news ... cur to : obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 17 ext . stoker residence - the following day wind in the tree , dew on the grass . the sun shine down . shot of the Stoker estate . lush . expansive , isolate . garden , hedgerow , trellise . Stone bench , wicker lounge , a gazebo paint white . koi in the pond , robin on the lawn , blue jay in the birdbath . a black weathervane spin lazily above the red barn . picture postcard . shot of the house itself ( also lush , also expansive ) . eave , chimney , a wraparound porch . Black shutter , white clapboard , a red front door . a large black cat . sit on the flagstone terrace , lick its paw , calmly surveying the scene . int . stoker residence ~ kitchen - day - same India be sit in the breakfast nook , stare out the window . foday she 's wear a dress ( pale gray ) with a dark gray headband and she black and white saddle shoe . it seem she everyday attire be just a few hanger down from she funeral attire . Alice in wonderland meet Edward gorey . on the island behind she , a_hot cup of coffee sit wait . for a moment everything be quiet , hushed . evie ( 0.s. ) Mrs. mcgarrick ? Mrs. mcgarrick ! the swing door open . evie walk in , dress for the day ( as some might dress for evening ) but still feel the effect of the night before . bvie ( cont ‘d ) Mrs. mcgarrick ? she see India sit by the window . evie ( cont ’d ) oh ! good morning , darling ... india ( absently ) } it 's afternoon . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 18 evie what ? yes ... yes , I suppose it be ... have you see Mrs. mcgarrick ? india no. evie how strange . I could have swear T hear she car earlier ... well , I hope she do not leave we in the lurch today . not with a houseful of guest ... evie run out of gas , put a hand to she temple , pat she hair . evie ( cont 'd ) India , darling , do you think you could ~ ( see the cup of coffee ) oh. oh , that 's a good girl ... thank you . evie pick up the cup , take a sip . then , not lock at she daughter - bvie ( cont 'd ) what be you plan for the day , India ? india ( still look out the window ) I think I would draw the curtain and stop the clock . cover the mirror and then retire to my room . bvie do not be morbid , please . ( then ) iwas think of go into town and I think you might like to come ... I have to stop by the drug store , pick up a few thing ... we could get some ice cream for later ... india in victorian time a widow be expect to mourn she husband for two year - at least . I '' pretty sure ice cream and trip to town be not on the menu . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/28/10 19 evie well we do not live in victorian time ... thank God . india of course , I would have get off a little more easily ... it 's only nine month if you lose a parent . evie do you want to come with I or not ? india not . evie I be sorry to hear that . I be hope for some company ... india ( flat ) you be hope I no drive you . evie I can drive myself . endia unfortunately , I have to stay home and make jewelry out of father 's hair ... evie India ... india I be think maybe a brooch . evie please ... india or a ring . would you prefer a ring , mother ? evie ( sharp ) India , please ! beat . india sorry . evie it 's alright . we all have different way of ... of express we grief . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 20 india so it would seem . evie look up sharply . mother and daughter stare at each other across the kitchen . India turn back to the window . evie ( force a smile ) whatever be you look at out there ? no answer . evie ( cont 'd ) India ? she walk over to find out for herself ... evi£ ( cont 'd ) what could possibly be so interesting ... ..- and she see it 's uncle Charlie , sit out on the lawn in a lounge chair . he 's get he back to they , face the wood . but then - as if he know they be watch - he turn around , and wave . evie ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) maybe I x11 ask you uncle Charlie to take I ... she move away , leave India sit by herself . evie ( 0 .$ . ) ( cont 'd ) and maybe we 'o bring you back some ice cream ... close on India as the dart hit its mark . cur to : ext . stoker residence - garage ~ day ~ moment later the garage door rise , revealing a mint-condition silver mercede - benz 450sl . uncle Charlie 's behind the wheel , evie next to he . sunglass on , she finish wrapping she head in a brightly color scarf while uncle Charlie put the top down . they peel out , take off down the gravel drive toward town , the tail end of evie 's scarf flutter behind they in the breeze . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 21 we pull back , revealing India at a downstairs window . watch they go , she expression be ( almost ) neutral . int . stoker residence - parlor ~ day - continuous the sound of the car fade away to nothing . India turn from the window . except for the tick -tock of the clock on the mantelpiece , the house be silent . a series of overhead shot India at the piano , hand in she lap ... India at the window , play with the tassel , look out toward the drive ... India on the couch , a unopen book beside she ... india back at the window ... ' India on the floor , face up , arm outstretch , make snow angel on the rug ... India at the window again ... India on the floor a second time , face gown , arm akimbo , a break doll ... India at the window again ... wait . and wait . the light outside dimming all the while . int . stoker residence - various - continuous shot of India wander the house . bore . restless . she go from the parlor to the foyer , the foyer to the kitchen ... the kitchen to the dining room , the dining room to the live room ... the live room to the foyer , bring she back full circle ... but this time she stop at the foot of the stair and start up , the oriental runner muffle the sound of she step . India know where she 's go but force herself to take she time . when she get to the second floor landing , she look down the hall , all the way toward the back of the house . at the end of the hall be a door . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 02/18/10 22 the door be close . int . stoker residence - uncle charlie 's room - night — cont . the knob turn . we hear a click , and the door swing open . India stand before we . we see what she see : the bed ( neatly - make , hospital corner ) , the man 's hairbrush on the bureau , the navy blue sweater drape over a chair , the suitcase stand upright on the floor near the closet ... uncle Charlie 's suitcase . India step into the room , she eye on that suitcase . it 's mid-size , yellow , with dark brown trimming around the edge . a old - fashioned valise . it 's quite charming , and , for the moment , undisturbed . she take another step toward it . evie ( 0.s. ) indiat India jerk she head toward the door , eye wide . int . storer residence - night - continuous we nre looking up from the foyer to the second floor landing . evie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) India ? be you up there ? India 's head appear over the railing . india here I be ... we reverse our p.o , V. , now looking down to the foyer from the second floor landing . and there 's evie . evie well ? be you go to make I unpack all this grocery by myself ? india I will be right down ... take one last look at the door to uncle Charlie 's room ( close again , the way he leave it ) , India descend . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 23 int . stoker residence - kitchen - night - continuous India push open the swing door to the kitchen , enter . uncle Charlie and evie be unpack grocery . ( he 's unpack grocery , she 's uncork a bottle of red . ) evie finally ! I feel like I have be call you for hour ... come help . India move to the island , stand opposite uncle Charlie . evie ( cont ’d ) what have you be up to , darling ? india I be play solitaire . in my xoom . India look up , wonder whether this lie fly straight . her mother be preoccupy with the cabernet . but uncle Charlie catch she eye , hold it . and smile that small , infuriate smile . india ( cont 'd ) ( change the subject ) what be we have for dinner ? evie I have no idea , sweetheart ... why do not you ask Mrs. mcgarrick ? india I would , but she 's not here . evie what do you mean ? india she do not come today . evie 's glass stop halfway to she lip . evie oh no ! what be we go to do about dinner ... uncle charlie ( beat ) I can cook a little . evie you can ? do you hear that , India ? ( lift she glass ) Three cheer for uncle Charlie ! ( more ) obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 24 evie ( cont 'd ) I '' sure we would have starve to death otherwise ... Charlie , you be a lifesaver ! uncle charlie it 's my pleasure ... ( then ) India , would you take this down to the freezer , please ? I do not think there 's any more room up here ... he slide two enormous plastic tub of ice cream across the island to she . uncle charlie ( cont ’d ) one chocolate , one vanilla ... do I get it right ? india ( not give a inch ) I like the swirl kind . evie you can make the swirl yourself , you lazy thing ! now do as you uncle tell you , please ... honestly ... India pick up the tub of ice cream , one under each arm . evie ( cont 'd ) thank you ! uncle charlie thank you , India . int . stoker residence ~ basement - night - continuous blackness . a door open at the top of the stair . it 's India , silhouett against the light from the kitchen behind she . she step down carefully . the stair be old , rickety . when she get to the bottom , she set one of the tub down , reach wp into the darkness , find a chain , pulis it . a bulb flicker on , dangle from a long cord overhead . it do not do much . with a practice motion , India set the bulb swinging , its arc illuminate first one side of the space , then the other . India pick up the ice cream , keep walk . but the basement be a warren of unfinish room , and soon she 's stand in the dark again . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 25 India put the tub down a second time , reach up , find a second chain , pull it . another bulb flicker on . it too be set swinging . she hear a noise behind her . India whirl around . she go n 'ot appear frighten , but she 's not exactly calm either . as the bulb swing overhead , we see she disappear and reappear , disappear and reappear ... India scan the basement , sense alert . it 's damp down here , cold and creepy , box and furniture stack all around . plenty of place to hide , if one be so inclined . finally , satisfied she 's alone , India turn around and keep walk , approach what look like a giant metal coffin . it 's the deep freezer , hum quietly to itself along the far wall . she 's about to lift the lid when she hear something again . India look over she shoulder , breath catch ... she hold perfectly still , eye scan the darkness , listen ... she can hear the creak of the light swinging back and forth , back and forth ... we see she disappear and reappear , disappear and reappear ... India wait another beat ... nothing . keeping she eye on the room behind she , India open the freezer and quickly dump the ice cream inside . Mission accomplish , she get out of there as fast as she can , let the lid fall shut on its own . and in that final second before it close with a thud , briefly illuminate by the swinging of the bulb , we see mrs . mcgarrick inside the freezer , tucked in among the frozen food , by staring , mouth OPEN , kindly face brushed with frost . cur to : int . stoker residence - dine room - night - later we cut from the meat in the freezer to the meat on the table . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 26 sound of carve and chew , the clink of good silverware en good china . shot of linen and silver , crystal and flower , candlelight . wibe on evie at the head of the long polished table , uncle Charlie to she right , India to she leave . Seven high - back chair ring the other end . we hear music play softly somewhere in the background . evie sigh , beyond content . evie oh , Charlie ... the cog au vin be exquisite ! uncle charlie I be just glad I could make myself useful ... evie it 's delicious ! truly . do not you think so , India ? India push the food around she plate , untast . evie ( cont 'd ) this be a real treat for we , Charlie ... sometimes I think Mrs. mcgarrick get she master in meatloaf . ( take another bite ) you , on the other hand , be clearly aman of hide talent ... now tell I where you learn to cook ! uncle charlie actually , I be lucky enough to spend a summer work in a small restaurant , just outside bordeaux ... Madame maillard run a superb kitchen ... michelin-starr , in fact . I try to soak up everything I possibly could ... evie sound like a summer well - spend ! ( to India ) work for a decorate chef , India ! and a woman ! en France ! ( back to uncle Charlie ) trés inhabituel , n‘est~ce pas ? uncle charlie yes , it be very unusual - still . which I think be unfortunate ... ( more ) obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net o1/18/10 27 uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) Madame maillard use to say that in she opinion , there be nothing a man could master that a woman coulda not make ... india I do not get it . uncle charlie tt sound better in french . the wink be imply . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) speak of which ... evie , you accent be lovely . evie why thank you , Charlie ! one of the perk of a first - class education ... that and a ticket to oblivion . first -class , of course . uncle charlie ( playfully wag a finger ) you nre be too hard on yourself again ... remember what we talk about earlier ? on the way home ? in the car ? evie blushes , sip she wine . India can see she mother hide a small smile behind she glass . uncle Charlie look to India . uncle charlie ( cont ' D ) I be tell you mother I think it might be time for a change , time for she to start look at thing differently ... ( back to evie ) all kind of thing . remember ? evie yes , Charlie . I remember ... india ( to uncle Charlie ) better write it down . evie shoot India a look . evie in victorian time you would have be marry off by now . sold to the high bidder . beat . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 28 uncle charlie my goodness , India ... that 's quite a appetite . India look down at she plate , surprised . uncle Charlie 's right . practically lick clean . nothing leave but the bone . india I ... I guess I dia not realize how hungry I be . uncle charlie well , I be glad you enjoy it ... can I get you anything else ? maybe some ice cream ? india no . evie you mean , '' no thank you . '' india I mean , '' no thank you . '' evie India , would you like to play something for we after dinner ? india no. would you ? evie ( a warning ) India ... india iomean , '' no thank you . '' evie we loss . well in that case , I be afraid I must excuse myself . I be feel . sudden . goodnight , India . .. very tired all of a + goodnight , Charlie . evie get up from the table . uncle Charlie stand politely . she smile , walk out of the uncle Charlie sit , look at India stand . india I all clean up . obtain : - by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net room , wine glass still in hand . india . 01/18/10 29 uncle charlie ( stand again ) I will help ... india that 's not necessary . uncle charlie I insist . int . stoker residence - kitchen - night - continuous sound of run water . India be at the sink , she back to we . on the counter to she leave be a stack of dirty dish . to she right , a few foot down , be uncle Charlie , dish towel at the ready . she wash the first plate and set it down on the counter between they . uncle Charlie pick it up , dry it , put it down . she wash another plate , set it down . he pick it up , dry it , put it down . neither say a word . a quickfire montage of dish be wash , dry and stack in what become , oddly , a pronounce rhythm . without seem to be aware of it , they execute this smali bit of domestic choreography like Fred and Ginger . and then they be finish . India put down the sponge , turn to uncle Charlie . india what do you want ? unele Charlie look at she . uncle charlie to be friend . india we do not nee@ to be friend . ( beat ) we be family . and she exit , leave he there alone . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 30 int . stoker residence - upstair hallway - night - continuous a close door . India 's hand reach into frame , knock quietly . no answer . she open the door . we see evie across the darken room , splay cut on she bed , still dress , fast asleep . her wine glass dangle precariously from a outstretch hand . India walk over to the bed , look down at she mother . qn evie 's bedside table , arrange on a silver tray , be she personal pharmacy of little orange pill bottle . India gently remove the glass from she mother 's finger . int . stoker residence ~ kitchen ~ night - continuous India stand at the kitchen sink , alone , wash one more glass . slow fade to black cut to : ext , middle bend senior high ~ day Sun shine , bird tweeting . establishing shot of India 's school in all its small town , faux - gothic splendor . mr . feldman ( 0.s. ) but helpless piece in the game he play / int . middle bend senior high - classroom ~- day ~ same mr . feldman ( 40' , about what you have expect ) stand in front of he 8th period English class , read aloud . mr . feldman ( cont 'd ) upon this chequerboard of Night and day / we reveal India sit second row from the back , wear she saddle shoe , dress like a schoolgirl circa 1952 . mr . feldman ( cont ‘d ) hither and thither move , and check , and slay / obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 31 qutside she own home , glimpse among she peer , India 's unigueness be ( even more ) jarring . mr . feldman ( cont 'd ) and one by one back in the closet lay ... a handful of football jock sit behind she . one of they , CHRIS pitt ( crew cut , freckle , thick jaw ) , lean forward , literally breathe down India 's neck . pritt I would like to lay you in the closet ... or anywhere else . his buddy snicker . India stare straight ahead , a statue . pitt grin . Fish in a barrel . we reveal another boy behind India : whip taylor ( lean , good - look ) , sit with the jock but of a different breed . Middle Bend 's answer to Steve mcqueen . he look on with mild interest . pitt ( cont 'd ) Three minute . that 's ali I need . more snicker . India keep she eye front . pitt ( cont 'd ) two ? his buddy crack up , louder now , finally catch Mr. feldman 's attention . mr . feldman Mr. pitt ? pitt yes , Mr. feldman ? mr . feldman do you have something you would like to share with the rest of we ? pitt ( smirk ) yeah ... I have get something I would like to share ... guffaw from the back row . the bell ring . School 's out . mr. feldman perhaps tomorrow , Mr. pitt . something to look forward to ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 32 the class rise , gather they belonging , chat amongst themselves , Mr. feldman already forget . mr . feldman ( cont ’d ) we will pick up where we leave off ... hopefully some of you will find Mr. fitzgerald 's translation a little more worthy of you attention ... India bolt from she seat , beeline for the door , hold she book in front of she like a shield . pitt and crew watch she go , laugh . ext . middle bend senior high - day ~ continuous India exit the building amid a flood of student , a loose leaf on the current . she stop when she see who 's wait at the curb . we reveal uncle Charlie , lean against the 450 sl , wear a new pair of tortoise shell sunglass . he 's look very dash indeed . as the student around she stop and stare ( India talk , India talk to a boy , India talk to a boy with a car , etc. ) , she walk forward hesitantly . india what be you go here ? uncle charlie I think you might like a ride . india but E always take the bus home from school . his eye be unreadable behind the sunglass . india ( cont 'd ) always . uncle charlie ( mild ) suit yourself . cuT to : ext . middle bend - day - continuous a big yellow school bus pass through frame , trundle down the street . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 33 a moment later , the mercede pass through frame as well , follow behind , same speed . cut to : ext . stoker estate - front gate - day - continuous the bus pull away , leave India outside the entrance to the estate . she look over , see the mercede idling nearby . India turn away , walk through the gate and start up the long road to the house . cur of : ext . stoker estate ~ the drive ~ day ~ continuous India enter frame , trudging up the wind drive , eye straight ahead , drag she schoolbook with she . the mercede enter frame behind she , crawl along , same speed , they caravan like that all the way up to the house . it take awhile . CUT to : ext . stoker residence - day - continuous India arrive at the front porch , and for the first time since she be drop off at the gate , look behind she . uncle Charlie be parking the car on the turnaround . he get out , close the door , lean on the hood . uncle charlie that be fun . we should do it again tomorrow . India go into the house , slamm the front door . begin montage - scene from the next few day ext . stoker residence - morning - montage ( 1 ) the front door open . India walk out , dress for school . she 's several pace down the drive when the door open again . uncle Charlie appear with a brown paper bag . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 34 uncle charlie do not forget you lunch ! india ( not turn around ) t do not eat lunch . she keep walk . uncle chariie keep watch . cur to : int . stoker residence - foyer - afternoon ~ montage ( it ) he front door open . India walk in from school . hear laughter , she go to the live room doorway . uncle Charlie and evie be down on the rug , play a board game . evie look up , see she daughter , evie India ! I be teach you uncle how to play Monopoly ! and he 's already beat I ! it 's not fair ... uncle charlie why do not you come play with we , India ? evie ( somewhat less enthusiastic ) yes , come and play ... India turn and walk down the hall , straight up to she room . cut to : ext . stoker residence - morning - montage ( III ) the front door open . India walk out , dress for school . as she clear the turnaround and start down the drive - uncle charlie ( 0.s. ) clarkia unguiculata . also know as '' parewell to spring . '' India keep walk as we pan down from she face to the ground , revealing uncle Charlie on he hand and knee . he 's work alongside the drive , all sweaty with he sleeve roll up , busy plant spring bulb . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) ... they be for you mother . { then ) ( more ) obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 35 uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) Native to California , really , but I be hope they might take here too ... India keep walk , eye on the horizon , disappear down the drive . uncle Charlie smile to himself , start digging a new hole . cur to : int . stoker residence - dine room - night ~ montage ( iv ) the swing door open . uncle Charlie , wear he navy blue sweater , enter with dinner . as he set it down in front of evie - uncle charlie ++-- apparently Mr. megarrick have be tell everyone she run off with another man , he 's say it be just a matter of time ... evie good for she ! ( laugh boozily ) although I have to admit she never strike I as the type ... ( look to she leave ) maybe India know something the rest of we do not . we reveal India sit next to she , silent and stony - face as uncle Charlie ladle some green bean onto she plate . evie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh , Charlie - gratin dauphinoi ! my favorite ... cur to : ext . stoker residence ~ day ~ montage ( V ) fhe back door open . evie step out onto the terrace , carry a racquet and dress in tennis white . she see she daughter read a book in a lounge chair , walk over . evie good morning , sleepyhead ! India 's be up for hour , but she let it go . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 36 evie ( cont 'd ) Charlie clear off the court yesterday so we be go to walk on over ... he say he 's never play before . be not that funny ? India just look at she . evie ( cont 'd ) at least I will not be the one embarrassing myself this time ... ( beat ) you do not want to come , do you ? uncle charlie ( 0.s. ) I be wear a belt but other than that , everything fit perfectly ! evie and India turn to look at uncle Charlie , stand in the doorway , wear tennis white three size too big . evie oh , Charlie - you look like a little boy play dress up ! uncle charlie it will be finet evie ( to India ) i_gave he some of you father 's old thing to wear ... no sense be wasteful ... uncle charlie you ready ? evie give India a little wave . evie good-bye , darling ! see you later ... uncle Charlie wave too . Book forget , India watch they walk off together across the back lawn . we hear the doorbell ring end montage CUT to : int . stoker residence - foyer ~ dusk India open the front deor , revealing a silver - haire woman in a flow caftan . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 37 she 's hold white lily in a pot , and there 's a enormous , discreetly expensive suitcase at she foot . behind she , a taxi be just take off down the drive . India lock at the woman , a puzzle expression on she face . auntie gin indial it 's I , you goose ! come and give you auntie gin a hug ! int . stoker residence - kitchen - dusk - continuous india sit on she stool at the island while gwendolyn '' auntie gin '' stoker ( 60' , warm and sharp ) make herself comfortable in the kitchen , the tinkling of she gold bracelet sounding very much like old coin . the pot lily sit near the sink . auntie gin ( lighting a cigarette ) now - first thing first . I be very sorry about you father , dear . I be sure this must be a dreadful time for you . he be a excellent man , you know . a good man . a gentle man . a ... a quiet man . even as a boy I could see that he charm be of the quiet variety . not for show . under the surface . discreet . you father may not have be particularly artistic or a wordsmith or a inspire dresser , put he be steadfast and he love you and you be lucky to have he ! I be proud to call he my nephew , no matter what you hear I say last time ... . ( puff , puff ) second - I be very sorry I could not be here for the funeral . I want to be here , believe I , I want very much to be here but sometimes the old bone will not cooperate ... sometimes you just ache so badiy in the morning you want to get up and die ... one day you '1 ] understand ... t£ you live to be my age ... if you be lucky ... ( puff , puff ) third - after my last visit TI be not sure I be ready to be in the same room with you mother , to be frank . she can be very spiteful in that bougie way of hers ... ( " ashamed " ) ( more ) obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 38 auntie gin ( cont 'd ) forgive I , dear - this thing should not be discuss in front of child ... it 's not right and it 's not fair ... we should be discuss ou , India ! you ! we should be talk about school and boy and college and college boy ! now tell I everything ! ( then ; remember ) but first I should really put this thing in water ... ( pick up the lily ) so fuck delicate auntie gin turn back to India , flower in hand . auntie gin ( cont 'd ) now ... do we have a vase , dear ? uncle charlie ( 0,8 . ) auntie gin . auntie gin look toward the swing door to the dining room . there 's uncle Charlie , in he tennis white . auntie gin Charles ... the lily slide from she finger , pot smash on the floor . Dark earth spill out across the tile . auntie gin ( cont 'd ) you be back . cur to : int . stoker residence ~ dine room ~- night - later and then there be four . evie 's at the head of the table , uncle Charlie on she right , auntie gin on she leave , India move one place down . again , music play quietly in the background . evie when do you get in , gwendolyn ? auntie gin I believe we fly in around 4 , evie and when do you fly out ? auntie gin acknowledge the thrust , parry . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 39 auntie gin that remain to be see . ( glance at she nephew ) I would originally plan to stay only a day or two , but now I be think I should stay a bit longer ... spend a little quality time . with India . evie how nice for she . the conversation die . nothing but the clink of cutlery . auntie gin Charles ... uncle charlie yes , auntie gin ? auntie gin how long have you be back ? uncle charlie not long . auntie gin and how long do you think you will be stay ? uncle charlie ( winking at she ) that remain . to be see ... you see , I have originally plan to stay only a day or two , but now I be think I should stay a bit longer ... spend a little quality time . with evie . hear she own little speech throw back at she , auntie gin seem momentarily nonpluss . evie ( laugh ) oh , Charlie ... you do like to tease ! she put a hand on he , briefly , turn to auntie gin . evie ( cont 'd ) the truth be we have grow accustom to have Charlie around . cook , clean ... he 's be a godsend during a very difficult time . auntie gin I can imagine ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 40 again , the conversation stall . close on India 's face , eye flick around the table , aware of strange undercurrent . auntie gin take a deep breath , dive into the breach . auntie gin ( cont 'd ) evie , dear ... after dinner , I be think perhaps you and I could ... have a moment to ourselves . evie what for ? I mean - why ? auntie gin oh , you know ... to talk . evie about what ? uncle charlie would anyone like dessert ? auntie gin any number of thing . you know ... like ... like Richard , for instance . evie Richard ? auntie gin ( grow impatient ) yes , evie - Richard . my nephew . you late husband . evie I know who Richard be - be - gwendolyn , I do not imagine I will be forget he anytime soon . auntie gin of course not . I just think there might be ... I do not know — arrangement to be make . uncle charlie I make a maple cake just this afternoon ... evie '' arrangement ? '' auntie gin yes - arrangement . thing to be settle . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/16 41 evie there 's nothing to be settle , buntie gin . there 's nothing to be arrange . arrangement have be make . auntie gin yes , of course , dear . I do not mean to suggest otherwise ... uncle charlie it 's a favorite of mine ... evie I know what you mean , auntie gin ... uncle charlie from back when I be little ... evie auntie gin do not say what she do not mean ... uncle charlie a real treat ... evie auntie gin be not shy when it come to express she opinion about and / or around I . it 's one of she many attractive quality ... but what auntie gin might be surprised to learn be that that opinion be neither want , need or appreciate ... uncle charlie evie ... evie yes , I suppose this might come as a shock , but we be get along just fine before you swan in from sunny California ... and I suspect we will do much the same once you have swan back out ! uncle Charlie reach for ebvie 's hand . she snatch it away . uncle charlie evie , I be sure auntie gin do not mean anything by it . ( turn to auntie gin ) you do not mean anything by it , do you ? obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 42 auntie gin no ... ( to evie ; sincere ) no , of course not , evie dear . uncle charlie well that settles it . no one mean to upset you , evie . no one mean anything by anything . now ... who want cake ? evie push up from the table abruptly , knock she plate to the floor . she stop , rights herself , and walk out . there 's a long pause . uncle crarlie ( con ? t’d ) India ... would you like to play something for we after dinner ? india no thank you . cuT to : ext . stoker residence - night - later auntie gin be about to get into a wait taxi . uncle Charlie put she suitcase in the trunk . India be on the front step . uncle charlie be you sure you will not stay here tonight ? we have get plenty of room . auntie gin ( notice the '' we '' } no , Charles . I ' 11 be perfectly fine at the motor inn . they know which room I like ... uncle Charlie close the trunk , come over to auntie gin , give she a warm hug . auntie gin ( cont 'd ) oh ... um ... thank you . goodnight , Charles . be a good boy , alright ? he release she . uncle charlie goodnight , auntie gin . sleep well . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 02/18/10 43 auntie gin yes ... ( back away , turn to India ) India , dear , tell you mother I ' 11 be back tomorrow morning . maybe we can have breakfast together ... just we girl ... do not that sound like fun ? india I have school tomorrow , auntie gin . auntie gin oh ... well , tell you mother anyway ... please . goodnight , dear . uncle charlie goodnight ! auntie gin get in the taxi . uncle Charlie wave good - bye . as the car start down the drive , auntie gin look back through the rear window , see uncle Charlie stand next to India on the step , both backlit by the open door behind they . two dark figure . her eye grow frighten . cur to : ext . middle bend motor inn - night establishing shot of the town 's finest accommodation for out - of-towner . it 's a basic one - story l-shape with a pool , the kind where guest park three foot from they room . a neon '' vacancy '' sign buzze on and off by the curb . it 's completely quiet at this hour , no light in any of the window except the manager 's office . a single street lamp flicker high overhead . int . middle bend motor inn - auntie gin 's room ~ night a series of shot auntie gin lie awake in bed , in the dark , polyblend coverlet up to she chin , she sit up , eye she purse on the dresser across the room , lies back down . auntie gin stand at the dresser , look through she purse . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 44 auntie gin turn on the light , look through she purse again . auntie gin dump she purse out on the bed . auntie gin pick up the black rotary dial phone on the bedside table . auntie gin on the phone . auntie gin hello ? helio , yes , I be stay in room 307 ... yes - '' with the pool view . '' listen , I be wonder whether someone have turn in a cellular phone . I think I might have drop it while I be check in ... no ? and you be absolutely certain ? alright then ... oh , wait - how much to make a local call from my room ? oh . oh , that 's not so bad ... yes , yes , I know it 's late ... {rolis she eye ) yes , I will certainly take that into consideration if I should decide to call someone ... thank you ... goodnight ! she hang up , reach for she cigarettes . auntie gin ( cont ‘d ) good Christ this place ... another series of shot auntie gin pace the room , cigarette burn down to nothing . she stub it out in what 's become a very full ashtray . she stop pace , look at the phone . auntie gin in bed , in the dark , watch a old movie on tv , the light from the tv play over she face . rosalind Russell and cary grant spar and flirt they way through " his girl Friday . " auntie gin do not hear a word . she turn she head , look at the phone again . auntie gin snap on the light , pick up the phone , start to dial . no dial tone . she check again . nothing . auntie gin put the phone down slowly , more and more concerned . she look toward the motel room door . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 45 ext . middle bend motor inn ~ midnight ~ continucus the door to room 307 open a crack . auntie gin peek cut , look around . the door open wider . she poke she head farther out . her first p.o.v. : to the leave , the manager 's office . the window be now dark . her second p.0 , V. : to the right , a payphone , across the parking lot from she room . auntie gin look around again . Coast clear . then she set off toward the manager 's office . she reach the door , try the knob . lock . frustrate , she turn around , look back toward she room . the door be still open a crack . she can see the light from the tv flicker inside . auntie gin look toward the payphone , all the way across the lot . thinks for a moment . in for a penny , in for a pound . she start walk toward the payphone , nothing to light the way except the street lamp and its dull fluorescent glow . she pick up speed as she go , turn she head to look leave and right , she old lady slipper make small smack sound on the concrete . she reach the payphone at last , out of breath . auntie gin lift the receiver , begin to dial ... and a long shadow fall across the keypad . she turn around slowly , face sagging . her mouth drop open . a low moan escape . we stay on auntie gin as a.man 's hand reach into frame , gingerly take the receiver from she tremble finger . sound of a dial tone over a series of shot the motel , the street lamp . the parking lot . the pool . the door to room 307 . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 46 a sandal lie in the gutter . the payphone , receiver still dangle by its cord . we hear a record message , very faint , like it 's come from the moon : if you’d like t0 make a call , please hang up and dial again ... if you’d like to make a call , please hang up and dial again ... the last shot be the '' vacancy '' sign , buzzing on and off by the curb . slow fade to black cur to : ext . middle bend high - the next day ~— afternoon slow fade in bird tweeting , sun shine . the ringing of bell as student burst through the main exit . Children laugh and call to each other , head home . India be not among they . we see uncle Charlie wait at the curb with the car , but India never show . ext . middle bend high - side door ~ same down the street from the school 's main exit , a_door open . India peek out , look around . the door open wider . she poke she head farther out , see uncle Charlie wait with the car up the street , not look she way . India quickly slip out the side door , head lower , walk in the opposite direction . rounding a corner , she make she way down the narrow service alley behind the school . then she stop . there 's something up ahead , something she do not like the look of . but she can not go back the other way , not with uncle Charlie there wait , so , take a deep breath , India decide to keep go . she head down the service alley , press forward . as she do , we swivel around her to reveal pitt and he crew , loung on the step of the school 's service entrance . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 47 ndia be go to walk right by they . she clutches she book tighter , force herself to look straight ahead , force herself not to run ... and she pass they . and just when we think she 's go to make it out of there - pitt hey , Stoker ! India throw a look over she shoulder but do not stop . when she lock back , one of the jock be stand right in front of she . India try to move around he , but he move leave when she move leave , move right when she move right . pitt ( cont ’d ) hey Stoker ! I be talk to you ! or do you go by " stroker '' now ? ' Cause tt hear that 's what you mom 's be do ... to you uncle . the boy snort with laughter . pitt ( cont 'd ) tell I something , stroker - you gettin’ in on that ? and then , to they surprise and delight , India turn around . in twelve year of share schooling she 's never say a word to any of they . that 's about to change . india what do you say ? the boy start hoot , thrilled they finally get a rise out of she . this be get good . pitt ( mock } ' what do you say ? '' ( winking suggestively ) I think you hear I , stroker . more laughter . India walk up the step so she 's stand eye- to - eye with pitt ( iust like someone teach she ) . she can see the vein throbbing below he right eye . she can smell the dorito on he breath . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 48 india say that again . gleeful shout from the peanut gallery . this just get better and better . surprise , publicly call out , pitt step into she nice and close . time to tip the scale . pitt I think you have better watch you step , stroker ... you know what happen to little girl who fuck with I ? ( beat ) they get fuck . pitt grin , make like he 's go to walk away , then turn back and throws a punch , stop he fist half a inch from she face . India dee not flinch . not even a littie . and that 's when pitt see something shift behind she eye , a flicker that make he take the smallest step back . whip ( 0.s8 . ) alright , pitt . , . enough . it 's whip , appear out of nowhere . he stroll up the step , nonchalant , come to stand beside they . pitt fuck off , whip ... whip be not bigger than pitt , but the alpha card be still he to play . whip follow the bounce ball , jackass - she 's not interested . piss , secretly relieved he 's be give a exit strategy , pitt spit out a bitter laugh , start walk away . pitt yeah - like I enjoy waste my time on this bitch ... he retreat , quickly , give India a look that 's hateful ( and maybe a little bit fearful too ) . ris buddy follow . whip watch they go , turn back to India . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 49 whip sorry about that ... he 's a shithead , okay ? just ignore he . he ' 's about to shift gear , take the conversation someplace a little more interesting , but India 's walk away . whip ( cont ’d ) hey ! where you go ? but she 's already halfway down the alley , and she do not look back . whip ( cont ’d ) you be welcome ! we stay on whip 's face , intrigue . cur to : int . stoker residence ~ parlor - afternoon - later India be at the piano , hand freeze on the key . she be utterly alone . no evie , no uncle Charlie , no Mrs. mcgarrick . no one . not a sound from the rest of the house . close on India 's normally placid face , now rippling with the tiniest of tremor . after a moment , she begin to play . it 's the same song from the beginning , the one she play before she father 's funeral . but this time she plave be hesitant , unsure . she fumble the note , one after the other . India stop , start over . again , she finger betray she . it 's not come this time . she stop , swallow hard , like there 's something catch in she throat . ( tear ? a scream ? ) India close she eye . when she open they , uncle Charlie be stand next to the piano . without a word , he sit down beside she . and he start to play . beautifully . it 's the same piece India be play a moment before , obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 50 but this time it 's different . this time it 's resonant with passion and feel . emotion . India sit there , entrance , listen to the piece like she 's never hear it before . she glance up , look from uncle Charlie 's fingertip to he face . he seem lose in the music , completely engross , he have not look at she once . then India look down , set she finger on the key , and start to play . she 's tentative at first , cautious , improvise a quiet harmony to he melody . but she gain confidence quickly , they strange collaboration evolve rapidly into something effortless and organic . a minor piece for two hand become a major one for four ... the music start to crescendo ... the tempo to quicken ... India can feel she temperature begin to rise ... she steal another glance at uncle Charlie ... he 's pound away at the key , busy weaving chord so intertwined , so intimate , she can not tell where they line end and begin ... India look back down , forget he now entirely , and they hand skate across the keyboard ... faster and faster ... caress and coax , stabbing and demand ... it 's romantic and roiling , relentless - something Philip Glass might cook up during a lighten storm ... and then they be crash into and through the final climactic chord ... they combine sustain reverberate throughout the house ... and then it 's over , India remove she hand from the key , gently , as if they might break . fhey sit in silence for a moment , until he turn to she , wait for she to leck at he . uncle charlie thank you . and_he 's go . India be leave alone . sweating . shaken . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 51 she look down at the spot on the bench where uncle Charlie be sit a second before ... we pan down from she face , come to rest on a_small sprinkle of dirt , scattered across the velvet seat cushion . CUT to : int , stoker residence - parlor - night ~ later India wake with a start on the chintz-cover sofa in the parlor . her eye be daze , she forehead damp . it 's dark . she look at she watch . 8 o'clock . then India tilt she head toward the doorway , listen . we hear music . someone sing . India walk into the foyer , the music get louder . it sound like it 's come from the back of the house . jo stafford croon '' no other Love . '' Old -timey . cheesy . ( and beautiful . ) India walk into the dining room , see light shine beneath the swing door to the kitchen . she tip -toe to the door , hear music come from the other side . she push it open a crack , and see she mother and uncle Charlie slow dance in the kitchen . India watch as they make theix way around the island , lose in they own world , a small transistor radio play on the counter . evie have she head on uncle Charlie 's shoulder . her eye be close , she expression peaceful . unelte Charlie 's arm be strong around evie 's waist , hold she close . he seem dreamy , far away ... until he look right at her . India gasp , let the door swing shut . she back away , turn and run , flee into the darkness beyond . cur to : ext . middle bend ~ goldy' grill - night ~ later a real - live diner , like you would find along Route 1 in Jersey . Middle Bend 's only '' hotspot '' for teens . '' goldy 's Grill '' be write in red neon lettering along the roof . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 52 the bell above the door tinkle as whip and a couple of buddy exit . they be halfway across the parking lot when - india ( 0.s. ) whip . we reveal India , stand off to the side of the lot , half - hide in shadow . surprise , whip stop , smile , walk over . whip hey ... what be you do here ? india I just think I have ... stop by . I have never be here before . whip . no kid . one of he buddy titter . whip turn to they . whip ( cont 'd ) see you tomorrow . he wait until they start move to they car , look back to India . whip ( cont 'd ) so ... you wanna go inside ? india no. curt to : ext . middle bend ~- park ~- night ~ continuous India and whip walk along a densely wood path , the '' goldy 's Grill '' sign now in the distance , over the treetop behind they . they take they time , wind they way toward a playground in the middle of the park . a breeze blow . star shine . night sound all around they . whip you kind of catch I off guard . back there , I mean ... India walk with she eye on the ground . whip ( cont ‘d ) hanging out in the parking lot at goldy 's ... do not really seem like you . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 53 india not that you would know . whip wo , I guess you be right ... I would not . just catch I by surprise , that 's all . india yes ... I know what you mean . whip oh yeah ? how 's that ? they have reach the playground now , walk over to a little metal roundabout , paint red . India sit down on it . use one foot , she set herself and the roundabout in motion . when she finally speak , she word be hesitant , halting . while far from unsophisticate , it would seem self - examination be not a favorite past-time . unlike she peer , India be clearly not in the habit of take she emotional temperature every five minute , let alone share the result with strange boy in the park . yet here she be , in the park . with a strange boy . india have someone ever show you a photograph of yourself , and it be take when you do not know you be be photograph ? and it 's you ... but it 's you from a angle you have never see before ... a angle you do not get to see when you be look in the mirror ... the roundabout continue its humble rotation , take India for a spin . india ( cont 's D ) it 's you but you do not look iike you . and you think , " '' that 's I . that 's ... also I . '' do you ... do you know what I be talk about ? she look at he questioningly , as if wonder whether they could possibly speak the same language . whip yeah , I think I do ... India shiver , and not because it 's cold , obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 54 india well , that 's how I feel tonight . surprise ... at myself . whip huh . whip gently stop the roundabout the next time she come close . India look up inte he eye , hold he gaze . whip ( cont 'd ) I '' glad you feel like you can share this stuff with I ... india ( beat ) please do not spoil it . smash CUT to : ext . middle bend ~ park - night - continuous whip stumble backward , up against a tree . India close in , kissing he deeply . again . they nve move away from the little playground now , into the wood . where it 's dark . private . India push into he , feel he mouth on she mouth , he hand around she waist . she 's alert to everything - the earth beneath they foot , the bark behind whip 's back , the heat of they body , the warmth of they breath , the cool of the night air against they skin ... it 's sensory overload . too much and not enough , all at the same time , whip groan softly , totally floor by this girl . and then India bite down on he lip . hard . drawing blood . whip ow ! fuck ! whip jerk he head away , put finger to he wounded mouth . he stare at she , incredulous . India stare back with a almost identical expression . whip ( cont 'd ) you fuck bit I ... ( then ; almost in awe ) ( more ) obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 55 whip ( cont ’d ) Holy shit ... everyone gaid you be crazy ~ off you fuck rocker ... but they have no fuck idea , do they ? then he smile nastily , pull she back in , mash he bloody mouth against hers ... India recoil , spell break . whatever this be , it 's now something else entirely ... india no ... please , whip ... I think I want to go home now ... she twist away , struggle to get free ... india ( cont ‘d ) please , whip ... let I go ... I say let I go ! but whip 's not have it . he grip she tighter , he voice now a menace whisper ... whip oh no you do not ... ( laugh ) you cpen this door .. you be gonna walk through i india rear back and strike he brutally across the face , knock he head back against the tree ... she break loose , gasp , turn to run for the playground ... but whip grab her from behind , throw she down on the grass , flip she over on she back ... India let loose with a blood-curdling scream ... not of terror , but of fury ... whip ( cont ’d ) ( slapping a hand over she mouth ) ssssh ... quiet ... he pin she with he body . smile ... whip ( cont 'd ) I bet you be really surprised now , be not you ? india_is kick and claw this entire time , a wild animal fight for its life . there 's no cry here . no tear . her face be twisted with rage and shock ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 56 she 's a warrior , but a warrior who 's fatally miscalculate the fight ... they be face to face now , whip 's hand over she mouth ... whip ( cont 'd ) hold still ... this be gonna hurt ... whip reach down with he free hand , reach down to yank up she skirt and unzip he jeans ... India squeeze she eye shut , brace for the unthinkable ... ween suddenly he collapse on top of her . whip shudder once , twice , then lie spill . India open she eye , wonder why he 's stop , why he 's not move , why she 's be spare , then , suffocating under the weight of he , she push whip off of she . she sit up slowly , confuse . India look over at whip lie motionless in the grass . then she look down at she hand . they're cover in blood . it 's everywhere . India look at whip again . this time she sees the side of he head have be bashed in . he's dead . she look up . there 's someone stand over she , silhouett against the star ... uncle charlie . he casually drop a large branch to the ground , its underside dark and wet with whip 's blood . it 's a shocking , suspend moment . they stare at each other , gaug , assess . then , finally - uncle charlie sloppy ... very sloppy . ( beat ) you have get a lot to learn , young lady ... he reach out a hand , India 's finger slip into he , and he pull she to she foot . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 57 uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) now help I with the body . smash CUT to : int , storer residence - upstair bathroom - night - later we hear the sound of run water . close on blindingly white floor tile . thick and clean . we intercut with flashbacks to the hour following whip' murder close on a pair of man 's loafer , make they way through the underbrush , late at night ... a few second later , a paix of black and white saddle shoe also enter frame , follow close behind ... pan up to reveal uncle charite and India , walk in tandem ... whip 's body be sling over uncle Charlie 's shoulder , like a sack of grain ... both of they be silent and alert , focus totally on the task at hand ... close on a pristine white towel ( also thick , also clean ) be spread out carefully over the white tile ... India sit next to the body by the side of a dark road , she knee to she chest ... suddenly she 's illuminate by headlight ... there 's a car come ... close on a pair of filthy black and white saddle shoe , thickly crust with dirt and dry blood , step precisely inte the center of the white towel ... India rise slowly as the mercede pull over to the side of the road ... uncle Charlie get out of the car , take a thick wool blanket from the trunk ... clos '' on India 's hand , cake with dirt , enter frame , beginning to unlace the first saddle shoe ... unele Charlie and India wrapping whip 's body in the blanket ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 58 close on India 's hand as she start to unlace the second shoe ... uncle Charlie and India load the body into the trunk , close the lid ... close on India 's hand as she pull off one white sock after the other , both sticky with blood and earth ... unele Charlie and India drive down the road , not speak , both stare straight ahead ... close on a soile skirt as it hit the towel , drop down around India 's bare foot ... unele Charlie and India drive through the front gate of the Stoker estate ... close on a tear and bloody blouse , also drop to the towel , landing next to the skirt ... the car pull over , somewhere on the long stretch of drive between the front gate and the house ... close on a white bra and panty , slip down to the towel as well ... unele Charlie and India lift whip 's body from the car ... uncle Charlie reach back into the trunk , pull out a shovel , surprisingly prepare ... India shoot he a look ... close on India 's bare foot , step off the towel and back onto the tile ... uncle Charlie carry the body through the wood , India follow behind , carry the shovel ... phe star shine down as they quietly make they way ... close on India 's hand as they fold up shee , clothes and sock inside the towel , make a tidy bundle of it ... uncle Charlie and India , deep within the wood , lay whip down on the ground ... wide on a shower curtain , draw , a small figure outline behind it ... sound of the shower run ... India notice what be clearly two fresh grave ... flash of mrs . mcgarrick in the freezer ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 59 flash of auntie gin at the payphone , turning around slowly ... India look at uncle Charlie ... uncle Charlie hold she stare , then finally turn away , choose a new spot , start to dig ... moving in tighter on the shower curtain ... India sit against the trunk of a tree , watch uncle Charlie dig whip 's grave ... the work be intense and physical ... primal ... as he swing the shovel overhead , uncle Charlie look powerful and terrifying , god~like ... tighter on the shower curtain ... sound of the shower run and now something else as uncle Charlie and India roll whip 's body into the grave ... uncle Charlie hold the shovel out to indta ... tighter on the shower curtain ... it sound like someone be sobbing India take the shovel , start to fill the hole ... uncle Charlie watch , hand shove deep in he pocket ... passing through the shower curtain and into the shower ... move through the cloud of steam ... revealing India , she back to camera ... the mercede pull up to the house , light off ... tighter on India , hunch under the showerhead , one ari propped up against the tile for support ... India get out of the car , cake in dirt , a look in she eye like she 's a million mile away ... tighter on the dirt and the filth siuicing down she wet back ... India enter the house ... unele Charlie stand by the car , watch she go ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net o1/18/10 60 tighter on she small shoulder , tremble as she gasp for breath between sob ... India walk up the stair in the dark ... tighter and tighter ... until we swivel around to reveal india isn't sobbing at all ... she' masturbating , coming fast and hard , body convulsing with pleasure as she cry out ... cut to black int . stoker residence - upstair hallway - night ~ later a hand knock gently on a half - open door , warm light shine from within . evie ( 0 ,.s. ) come in ... the hand push the door open , revealing evie in she bedroom . it 's a warm cocoon of creams and linen , satin and down . evie 's at she dress table , wear a silk robe and match nightgown . when she turn from the mirror , we see a woman come apart at the seam . Hair half up , dark circle under she eye , several substance coursing silently through she vein . but she make a effort , smile gamely at whoever 's stand in the doorway . we reveal India , hair damp and dress for bed , wear a soft pink nightgown . she look young and innocent . except for the eye . evie ( cont ’d ) india ... what be you do up ? it 's so late ... evie look around she for a watch or a clock , she movement slow and disconnect , like she 's underwater . evie ( cont ‘d ) what time be it ? it must be past you bed - time , darling ... india it be . evie what time be it ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 61 india late . not find a watch or a clock , evie give up , drop she hand in she lap , a puppet with the string cut . india ( cont 'd ) mother ? evie yes , darling ? india will you brush my hair ? evie ( delighted ) of course ... come and sit down ... India pad over in she bare foot , sit down on the floor with she back to she mother . evie pick up a large silver brush from the dress table . evie ( cont 'd ) it 's be a long time ... a few beat while she quietly brushes she daughter 's long hair . evie ( cont 'd ) you auntie gin never do come back , do she ? india no , mother . ( load ) she 's go now . evie yes , I bet she be ... ( laugh to herself ) well , I be not surprised . we be all alone now , darling ... all alone ... india yes , mother . evie except for you uncle Charlie ... india yes , mother . evie you like you uncle Charlie , do not you ? obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 62 india yes , mother . evie good ... I like he too . I like he very much whatever would we do without you uncle Charlie ? india Z do not know . evie ( a sing - song ) what would we do without we uncle Charlie ... ( then ) India , darling ... india yes , mother ? evie I have be think ... I have be think it 's time we make a few change around here ... how about you ? what do you think ? india I think ... that 's a good idea . evie good ... I do too . so tomorrow , I want you to get up , bright and early , and I want you to help I clean out you father 's thing ... India 's shoulder tense . evie ( cont 'd ) ( oblivious ) what do you think , darling ? will you help I do that ? india ( beat ) alright , mother . evie smile down at she daughter tenderly . evie ghat 's my girl ... that 's my good little girl ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 63 we pull back , out into the hall , where we find uncle Charlie , stand next to the door , listen in the dark . CUT to : int . stoker residence - richard's study - the next morning the door swing open . it 's India , foot bare , and wear blue dean today . until now it 's always be dress and skirt . this seem like a small but definite shift . she pause at the threshold . we get the sense this be not a room she 's visit often . the set be masculine - dark leather , a fieldstone fireplace , wood panele paint that british racing green . India take a step inside , look around , walk over to what be clearly she father 's desk . shot of India stand over the desktop , examine the item she find there : mont blanc pen , black - frame read glass , assort paperweight , etc . India pick up a silver - frame photo of herself and she father , take long ago . she 's sit in she father 's lap , both of they look toward camera , both clearly uncomfortable , both clearly pretend not to be . India do not trace she father 's face with she finger . nothing of the kind . she merely study he for a moment . then she put the picture down , careful to return it to its original position . shot of India open various desk drawer , not touch what 's inside . file mostly . this be a respectful investigation . the word " rifling " do not apply . she try the bottom desk drawer . lock . she go through the pencil drawer again , find a small key , try it on the lock drawer . it open . Inside be a handgun , a large bundle of letter tie with string , and a small cardboard box . India leave the gun where it be , taka the box out , open it . Inside be black and white photo . she casually flip through a few of they , stop at one of three boy , sit together on the step of a massive house , a Spanish revival 4 la George Washington Smith , a row of palm tree along the front . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 64 look like California maybe . the oldest boy , a teenager , be smile , sit with a frisky toddler on he lap . the third boy sit a few step down from the other two . he 's small for he age , with a eerily expressionless face . all three wear short - sleeve shirt , khaki short and tennis shoe — summer uniform of the privileged from day go by . India turn the photo over . on the back , write in a beautiful cursive , in fade ink : '' Richard ( 17 ) , Charles ( 6 ) and Jonathan ( 2 ) ... summer fun ! '' india flip to the next photo . the same teenager ( Richard ) , now wear a sweater and long pants , sit under a lavish Christmas tree , face dark and solemn . the little boy ( Charles ) , sit next to he , laugh , look up at he older brother adoringly . the baby be nowhere to be see . India turn the picture over . in the same write as before : " R. & c. Xmas . '' and that 's it . no Jonathan . India put the photo back in the box , turn back to the desk drawer , remove the large packet of letter . she freeze when she see the letter on top be address to she . India tear off the string . there must be hundred of they . all address to she . stun , she sink down to the rug , set the letter in front of she in a pile , open one at random . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) happy birthday , little one ... you be five year old today , and that mean you be officially a big girl ... I wish I could be there for you party but I be far away ... in Africa ... take picture for the magazine ... someday I will ] bring you here ... I will show you the lion and the giraffe ... all the animal you have only read about in book ... fhat 's 1ll be you birthday present from you uncle Charlie ... I promise ... India open the next one . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 02/18/10 65 we begin a overlapping montage of india reading her letter , one after the other . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ‘d ) ... dear India ... I be write this letter in the smallest hotel room you have ever see ... not too far from the red cliff of petra ... T wish you could see they for yourself , India .. , one more place to put on we long , long list ... neat letter . uncle charlie ( v.0.} ( cont 'd ) ..- my dearest India ... greeting from Heidelberg .. , that 's the one with the ruin on the hillside , look down over the city ... I have spend many hour walk in the garden there ... and many time you come to mind ... too many to count ... next letter . uncle charlie ( v.0.} ( cont 'd ) ... my dearest India ... greeting from Saint etienne ... next letter . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) +-- from San sebastian ... next letter . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ‘d ) «from St. Petersburg ... next letter . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ++- from stockholm ... next letter . oncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ... from shanghai ... next letter . uncle charlie ( v.0.} ( cont 'd ) ..- from monte Carlo ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net next letter . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ... merry Christmas ... next letter . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) +»- happy Easter ... next letter . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) +.+ happy Halloween ... next letter . uncle charlie ( v.o . ) +++ happy New Year ... next letter . another . another . another . another . another . another . uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ..- happy Valentine 's Day ... uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ... I be think of you this morning ... uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) +.. you be in my thought this afternoon ... uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) } ..- you will be in my prayer tonight ... uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) 01/18/10 66 ( cont 'd ) ( conn dy ( cont 'd ) ( cont ' D ) ( cont ' D ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont ’d ) ++-love , .. you uncle Charlie ... uncle charlie ( V ,0 . ) ( cont 'd ) «.. much Love ... uncle Charlie ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 67 uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) ».- Love and more love ... uncle Charlie ... and another . uncle charlie ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) ++- all my love ... Charlie ... it be now dusk . stare into space , India carefully put the last letter back in its envelope . pick up she precious stack , hold she letter close to she chest , she get up and walk out of the room . int . stoker residence ~ foyer ~ dusk ~ continuous India start up the stair , gain speed as she go . when she get to the second floor landing , she turn the corner , head toward the room at the end of the hall . she be almost run as she reach it - int . stoker residence - uncle charlie nos room - dusk - cont . the door fly open - india uncle Charlie ? but no one 's there . India look around , disappointed . as she turn to go , she drop one of the letter . it land on the floor , backside up . see something odd , she bend over , pick it up . brow furrow , India walk over to the window , hold the letter in the fade light so she can see better . the return address be a rubber stamp . this be what it say : wrenfield inst . BOX 6292 , wrenfield , PA 19086 . not shanghai . not monte Carlo . India choose another letter , flip it over . same stamp . wrenfiebld inst . BOX 6292 , wrenfield , PA 19086 . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 68 she flip through one letter after the other , drop they on the floor as she go . they be all stamp with the same address : wrenfield inst . BOX 6292 , wrenfield , PA 19086 . wrenfield inst . BOX 6292 , wrenfield , PA 19086 . wrenfield inst . BOX 6292 , wrenfield , PA 19086 . bifferent stationery , same return address . India let the last one fall from she hand . then she eye dart to uncle Charlie 's suitcase , sit in its usual place by the closet door . without a moment 's hesitation she go to the suitcase , kneel down , open it . India tear through what she find there ~- neatly press shirt , a couple of tie , clean handkerchief . totally unremarkable , everyday item ... and then everything come to a halt . there 's one thing leave in the suitcase . hand shaking , India reach down to the bottom , pulis out a man 's leather wallet . it 's wear and smooth , with a '' R " and a '' S '' emboss in fade gold . eye round , she flip it open to a_ smali laminate copy of the photo we just see in the study downstairs . the photo of India and she father . it 's she father 's wallet . close on India 's face , as the world start to shift and slide around she . CUT to : int . stoker residence - foyer - evening - later uncle Charlie walk through the front door , half - carry evie , who be very much out of it but in otherwise excellent spirit . uncle Charlie pause , look around . uncle charlie India ? would you come and give we a hand , please ? no answer . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 69 uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) India ? they stumble to the foot of the stair , laugh . then he sweep evie off she foot , begin carry she up to she bedroom , a perverse echo of a bride and she groom on they wedding night . near the top , they see India wait on the second floor landing . evie give she daughter a friendly wave . evie hello , darling ! they reach the landing , walk over to India , uncle Charlie still carry evie in he arm . uncle charlie ( amused ) I find she down in the wood past the tennis court ... can not figure how she get that far . I be look for she for hour ... India just stare at he , she face a careful blank . evie look dazedly from one to the other , smile , blissfully unaware of the silent conversation take place just over she head . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) ( finally ) well ... I guess we both find what we be look for . hen he turn away and start down the hall , toward evie 's bedroom . evie wave to India as she go . CUT to : int . stoker residence - kitchen ~ night - later the swing door open and uncle Charlie walk in . India be at the sink , she back to he . her father 's wallet sit on the island between they , it be the only thing on the countertop . after a long moment , India turn around , and we see that she be dry -ey , calm , bizarrely collect consider the circumstance . one more indication that we be deal with someone far from ordinary . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 70 India and uncle Charlie face each other across the island , the air between they electric . it 's time to put the card on the table . india how do my father die ? cue to : ext . wrenfibld - flashback - day a empty road , somewhere deep in the mountain . Dark sky . pour rain . a Jeep Grand Woody drive by , splashing camera , int . / ext . car - flashback - day - continuous sound of windshield wiper , sloshing back and forth . a hand reach down to the heater , turn it up a notch . we pan up from the heater to the man we just see pose with India in the silver ~ frame photograph . meet Richard Stoker , uncle Charlie 's older brother . he 's late 40' , tall , heavy - set . kind of tweedy . ( at the moment , a very damp kind of tweedy . ) hard to imagine this person with evie . then again , look more carefully , you can see he might have be handsome once . maybe even impressive . someone with breeding and potential but a life spend in the shadow of horror have clearly take its toll . Richard 's get he eye on the road but he mind be someplace else . he fly past a sign : '' wrenfield - a great place to visit , a even better place to live . " grainy flash : a long wooden staircase , stretching prom a cliff edge down to a beach far below ... the ocean before US ... the SUN shining ... clearly california ... the only thing we can hear be the sound of the wave crashing ... everything else be mute ... we start to descend , holding onto the stair rail for support ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 72 back to Richard , listen to the windshield wiper go back and forth , back and forth . he blink , take a breath and exhales , try to shake it off . grainy flash : we're down on the sand now ... we look to our right , see a glamorous - looking woman in her 40' ... shens wearing a bathing suit , sitting under a stripe umbrella and reading a book ... she turn to US , listening for a moment , then say something we can't understand , shaking her head '' no '' ... we look to our left , all the way down the beach to a SMALL outcropping of rock ... we see something SMALL and dark , moving quickly , out of sight ... we start heading in that direction ... walking at first ... and then we start to run ... back to Richard , moisture on he brow . he unbutton another button around the collar of he oxford shirt . grainy flash : we're stand on top of the rock now , looking down at a tiny inlet , completely hidden from the beach proper ..- there's a little boy playing all by himself in the sand ... the same five year -old from the photo india found , the one with a odd look on he face ... he look happier now , sitting in the sand in he little swim trunk , busy making castle with a plastic shovel and pail ... back to Richard , breathe in through he nose and out through he mouth , try to calm he rattle nerve . his car slow down in front of tall iron gate , turn in . we see a discreet sign post on one side of the entry : * " wrenpield institute . a Home away from Home . found 1875 . " grainy flash : we ' re now stand over the little boy ... he doesn't look up , just goe about he business , carefully patting the same little spot of sand with he shovel , again and again , making sure it 's nice and smooth ... we squat down and shove he roughly aside ... and then we start to dig ... back to Richard , pull up to the institute . it 's massive , victorian , gray and gloomy . he put the car in park , sit for a moment , stare out the windshield at it , breathe hard . grainy flash : we're almost a foot down now , our hand bleeding and RAW as we scratch away at the sand , more and more desperate ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 72 the little boy stand nearby , watching , a close look on he face ... the woman be running toward US now , her face twisted with concern , shout something we can't make out over the crash of the wave ... we nre panicking now , breathing hard ... and then we stop digging ... we've found something , , . something buried down deep in the sand ... only now do we hear the woman as she open her mouth and scream ... smash CUT to : int , wrenfield institute - flashback - hallway # 2 ~ cont . a catacomb - llike corridor , poorly iit and eerily quiet . a patient ( elderly , vacant stare ) shuffles silently past camera , accompany by a orderly in white . we reveal Richard sit behind they in the shadow , all alone on a long wooden bench . he 's calmer now but still simmer under the surface , agitate and apprehensive , he eye ringed with darkness . a thick metal door open down the hall from the bench . a woman walk out of a office , turn to he . this be the doctor ( 60' , no -nonsense , white consultation coat ) . when she speak , she speak with a french accent . the doctor Mr. Stoker ? Richard look at she , stand , brace for what come next . int . wrenfield institute - flashback - hallway # 2 - cont . another dark hallway . the floor be crack concrete , the wall paint public school gray . the doctor walk a pace or two ahead of Richard . they be mid-conversation . the doctor legally ? nothing at all ... the decision be he to make , Mr. Stoker ... as it have always be . and of course he have he financial independence . ( more ) obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 73 the doctor ( cont 'd ) you parent see to that thirty year ago , when he first come here ... as you be no doubt aware . richar@ reach for a degree of composure . sadly , he reach be a little short today . richard I do not ... I do not quite understand what I '' suppose to do now ... what be I ... what be the thing I need to know ? the doctor stop in front of a close metal door , turn to face he , tired but not unsympathetic . richard ( cont ‘d ) ( almost stammer ) please , Doctor ... I be just try to ... to understand my option here he look like he 's about ten second from bolt . the doctor Mr. Stoker , you must try to accept that the present be the present and the past the past . if we enter into a situation believe the worst will occur , we have already go a long way toward guarantee it ... Richard look far from convinced . the doctor ( cont ’d ) I be afraid there 's nothing more I can do for you , Mr. Stoker ... I be sorry . you have my number . and I will have you in my thought . and my prayer . she turn to the door , unlock and open it . we reveal uncle charlie , sit in what be , surprisingly , a cheery little room . whatever we might have be expect , this ie not it . we see a oriental rug on the floor , a lamp and a comfortable read chair by the ( bar ) window . the wall be paint a warm yellow , line floor - to- ceiling with book . there 's a neatly - make bed in one corner and a upright piano in the ether , the latter look polished and well - ncare for . it 's clear that someone have work hard to make this room comfortable and invite , a stark contrast to the rest of the facility . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 74 uncle Charlie be sit on the edge of the bed . when the door open , he rise , suitcase in hand , and the brother lay eye on each other for the first time in 30 year . ext . wrenfield institute - flashback - day - continuous uncle Charlie and the doctor stand on the step say they good - by . there 's clearly a long history here . the doctor you will remember what I have tell you , yes ? uncle charlie Bien sur . he doctor '' idle hand , " Charlie ... uncle Charlie give she a hug . surprise , she accept , then disengage gently . uncle charlie au revoir , docteur maillard ! jusqu 'a& notre prochaine rencontre ... { so this be '' Madame maillard , '' the '' french chef " in the tale uncle Charlie tell at dinner . ) doctor maillard oui , Charlie , until we meet again ... quick cut of uncle charlie leaving wrenfield Richard put uncle Charlie 's suitcase in the back of the Jeep ... Richard sink heavily into the driver 's seat , slamm the car door shut ... uncle Charlie fasten he seatbelt ... Richard put the car in gear ... uncle Charlie stare out the back window , wave to Doctor maillard until she disappear from view ... uncle Charlie turn around to face forward , eye bright and hopeful , excited ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 75 ext . countryside - flashback ~ day - continuous the car travel down a isolate 2 - lane stretch , thickly wood on either side . flashes of greenery and overcast sky . uncle Charlie be glue to the window , watch the world go by , take it all in . but suddenly , the ride 's over . Richard pull the car over to the side of the road at a small intersection . theirs be the only car in sight . turn the engine off , he rest he hand on the steering wheel . richard this be it , Charlie . surprise , uncle Charlie look around . uncle charlie I do not understand . Richard take the wallet we see previously out of he pocket , remove a ticket , put it up on the dashboard between they . richard this be where I be let you out . and that 's you ticket . take it . there 's a bus pass through in a hour ... uncle charlie a bus to where ? richard wherever it be you be go . uncle Charlie look at he , confuse . richard ( cont 'd ) Charlie , I need you to listen to I carefully . you be not come home with I , uncle charlie what do you mean ? richard I can not have you around my girl , Charlie , I can not have you around ny family . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 76 uncle charlie ( stricken ) but ... why ? Richard look out the driver 's side window , not want to get into this . not at all . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) why not ? richard do not do this , Charlie ... uncle charlie why not ? richard Charlie ... please ... but uncle Charlie want answer . uncle charlie why not ? why not ? why not ? richard ( finally lose it ) you know why , Charlie ! you know why not ! silence , and then - maybe - the sound of someone choke back tear . richard ( cont ‘d ) goddamn it , Charlie ... beat . then , soft and quiet - uncle charlie you still love I , do not you , richie ? Richard take a deep breath . richard of course I still love you . I just have to love you a little less now . as if he 's talk to a smail child ~ richard ( cont 'd ) you understand , do not you ? you understand that 's what family mean ... it mean sacrifice . even when we do not want to . even when it hurt ... you understand that , right ? obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 77 uncle charlie yes , richie ... I understand . Richard ' 's face soften . richard you will always be my brother , Charlie . that 's never go to change ... no matter what . uncle charlie ( fumble for the door ) would you excuse I ? uncle Charlie stagger out of the car , sink to he knee by the side of the road , and yomit . holding he stomach , he gag repeatedly until there 's nothing leave inside . richard ( under he breath ) Jesus , Charlie ... Jesus ... we watch uncle Charlie on all four , try to gather himself , he band slide out and away from he , into the grass beyond the asphalt , finger diqging into the earth for purchase ... quick CUT to uncle Charlie settling back into he seat , swinging the car door shut . he stare straight ahead , richard ( cont 'd ) you okay ? uncle charlie yes , richie ... I '' fine . I be fine now . uncle Charlie turn to he brother , look he in the eye . uncle charlie ( cont ’d ) ( sincere ) thank you for ask . and then he hand come up fast , swinging the rock he grabbed from the side of the road , shatter richard's nose . we be suddenly outside the driver 's side window , pulling back , away from the car . a splash of blood across the glass block we view of the interior . as we puli back , we continue to hear the sound of rock meeting flesh again and again . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net q1/18/10 78 quick CUT to uncle Charlie open the driver 's side door . Richard be slump in he seat , slip in and out of consciousness , face a mask of blood and gore . gingerly , uncle Charlie start to pull he brother from the car . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) of course I still love you , richie i_just have to love you a Little less now ... uncle Charlie , arm tuck under Richard 's arm , drag he brother backwards towards the rear of the Jeep . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) you understand , do not you ? setting he brother carefully down on the asphalt , uncle Charlie open the car 's rear door . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) you understand that 's what family mean ... it mean sacrifice ... uncle Charlie get ready to heft Richard in . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) even when we do not want to ... even when it hurt ... Richard tumble into the back with a painful thud , groan . uncle charlie ( cont ’d ) you understand that , right ? ( imitate Richard ) '' ves , Charlie ... I understand ... " he find a blanket in the back of the car , fold it . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) you will always be my brother , richie ... he slip the blanket under Richard 's head , so he ‘li be comfortable on the long drive home . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) that 's never go to change ... uncle Charlie look down at Richard , expressionless . uncle charlie ( cont ‘d ) no matter what . fhe rear door slam shut . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 79 quick CUT to a overhead shot of Richard 's car lurching forward and stop suddenly . it start forward again , tentatively , as uncle Charlie get the hang of a automatic . the car weave a little more as it pull away , eventually straighten out and disappear over the hill . cur to : int . stoker residence ~ kitchen - night - continuous when we next see India , she 's stand in the same spot near the sink , but uncle Charlie stand much closer . he 's now exactly where he stand the night they wash dish together after dinner , look at India with a expression beyond expectant , aware of fault line shifting , aware that everything - everything - hinge on what happen next . finally , India break the silence . and when she speak she tone be almost ... matter~of -fact . something that would chill anyone other than the man stand next to she . india ( eye down ) why now ? uncle charlie what do you mean ? india I mean why now ? why come back now ? why wait so long ? uncle Charlie slide down the counter a little , close the distance between they . uncle charlie ( softly ) the day I leave wrenfield ... the day you father have he accident ... what day be it ? do you remember ? india ( almost to herself ) yes ... I remember ... uncle charlie what day be it , India ? at last she look up at he , at last she meet he eye . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 80 india my birthday . ( beat ) it be my eighteenth birthday . uncle Charlie nod . uncle charlie I be wait , India ... for you . everything I have ever do ... for you . they be stand very close together now , look into each other 's eye ... when the doorbell ring , startling they both , int . stoker residence ~ foyer - night - continuous India answer the door by herself . there 's a man stand on the front porch with he back to she . hear the sound of the door open , he turn around . meet sheriff howard ( 50 's ) , a thoughtful , weathered - look man in full uniform . sheriff howard good evening ... sorry to bother you , miss . you name India Stoker ? her first instinct be to slam the door in he face , but India concentrate on keep she face smooth , relaxed . india yes . it be . sheriff howard I be sheriff Howard , with the Middle Bend Police Department ... ( show he badge ) hope you be not in the middle of dinner ... indta no . sheriff howard excellent , excellent ... in that case , do you mind if I trouble you to answer a few question ? india no . not at all . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 81 sheriff howard good , good ... he then proceed to say nothing . India can feel the hair rise on the back of she neck . sheriff howard ( cont ‘d ) ( finally ) well ... I quess I should start by say how sorry I be for you loss ... I do not know you father , but I be tell he be a good man ... India nod , say nothing . sheriff howard ( cont ’d ) miss Stoker , I will get right to it ... you familiar with goldy 's Grill ? in town ? beat . india we drive past it all the time . sheriff howard ever stop in for a bite ? beat . india be everything alright , sheriff ? sheriff howard I hope so , miss Stoker . I certainly hope so ... another long pause , both of they wait for the other to fill the silence . the sheriff may be smile but he eye be not , and by now India can see he good ol 's boy routine for what it be : a ruse . india sheriff , my mother have not be herseif since the funeral . she need my attention . so if you could please tell I what this be all about ... sheriff howard sorry , miss ... the wife be always tell I I have a habit of run on ... fhe sheriff chuckle , wait for India to join in . she do not . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 82 sheriff howard ( cont 'd ) so I guess I will get right to it ... the Taylor boy - whip 's he name , I be tell he 's a classmate of yours ~ be miss . his folk have not see he since yesterday . and I have get two young man say you be with he . last night , in the parking lot at goldy 's ... ( smile ) so I be hope you could help I out here . with increase clarity , India understand she 's wander into the middle of a very serious game . and if there 's a rule book , she 's without it . india lene sheriff howard yes ? india I ... sreriff howard do not be shy now , miss ... uncle charlie ( 0.s. ) India ? be something the matter ? uncle Charlie appear behind she in the doorway . India turn to he , careful to keep the relief off she face . india uncle Charlie , this be ... um ... this be ... sheriff howard ( helpfully ) sheriff Howard . india ... this be sheriff Howard . he 's ask about a boy I know . from school . uncle Charlie stick out he hand . the man shake . uncle charlie Charlie Stoker . Nice to meet you . sheriff howard likewise ... now ... you be say , miss ? obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 83 India look at she uncle . her cornerman . her ally . her ... in the space of a second uncle Charlie 's eye seem to reach all the way down inside of she , and whatever he find there , flutter , be still . India turn back to the adversary . india yes , sheriff , I do see whip last night ... seeriff howard that so ? india ( nodd ) yes . I get hungry so I stop by goldy 's for some fries . I run into whip in the parking lot , and we decide to go for a walk ... sheriff howard at night ? the sheriff 's forehead crinkle with concern . sheriff howard ( cont 'd ) miss Stoker , that neck of the wood be not safe for a young lady at night ... india oh , I be not scared ... nsmile shyly ) not with whip there . sheriff howard I see . india so we go for we walk and it be ... ( practically blush by now ) well , we have a very nice time . sheriff howard oh ... I see , india but I do not want to be away too long , what with my mother not feel well . so I go home . and 1 think whip say he be head home too ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 84 sheriff howard any idea what time this be ? india sorry . but I do remember make sure I be not out tog long ... sheriff howard so you come home and you go right to bed ... india no , actually ... when I come home , uncle Charlie and I play a board game . and then I go to bed . uncle charlie ( smile ) Monopoly . ( shrugging ) win every time . the sheriff sag a little , disappointed that 's all there be to it . india I hope whip 's okay ... sheriff howard so do I . his folk be a mess . uncle charlie 's I be sure they be . . sheriff howard then again , I have a feel he ’1ll turn up . boy that age ... well , you know how they be . india I be sure I do . ( then ) sorry I could not be more help , sheriff . you will let I know if you hear anything , will not you ? I do not think I will be able to sleep until £ know whip 's alright ... sheriff howard will do , miss . will do . ( back down the step ) okay I ’1ll be in touch . thanks again . Nice meeting you both ... india goodnight , sheriff . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 85 uncle charlie ( wave ) goodnight , sheriff . they !re about to close the door when the sheriff pivot on he heel , turn back to they . sheriff howard oh , by the way ... do you housekeeper ever get in touch with you after she leave town so quick ? beat . beat , beat , beat . india no ... she do not . have she husband hear from she ? sheriff howard nope . not yet ... ( then ) strange how people can just ... disappear on you . quick CUT to : int . stoker residence - foyer ~ night - continuous uncle Charlie and India shut the door , lock it quietly pehind they . uncle Charlie look out through the side lite , make sure the sheriff be get into he car . uncle charlie ( whisper ) he will be back . india ( also whisper ) what be we go to do ? there 's no panic here , but they be both aware the stake have just jackknife . uncle Charlie take a deep breath , turn to he niece ... and leap . uncle charlie what I have be wait to do ever since I get here ... ( beat ) leave . with you . fhere 's a pause while India look into he eye ... and then she make she decision . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 86 india when ? and suddenly uncle Charlie be reach out to she , reach out with one hand to touch India 's face , she soft cheek ... if either of they be aware of a line , it 's about to be cross for the very first time ... his finger be just second from she skin when they hear a strange , strangle noise behind they ... they turn as one and see evie , halfway up the stair , watch . evie oh. oh , I ... Excuse I ... I think I ... I think £ hear the doorbell ... evie be dumbfounded , unable to process the moment she 's just witness between she daughter and she dead husband 's brother . she sway backward suddenly , lose she balance , sit down awkwardly on the stair , leg splay out in front of she . for a moment evie look lose and helpless , like a fish somebody drop on the stair . shake , she try to sit up , try to straighten she skirt , to compose herself . uncle Charlie move to help she , but evie stop he with a look . eviz ( cont 'd ) do not . do not touch I ... bo not you touch I . face slack , eye stare , she look back and forth between the two people in the foyer below . then she look away , bewilder , try to add it all up and arrive at a different number . she fail . evie ( cont 'd ) well. ( beat ) well I do not know what to say ... what_does_ one say ? it 's ... it 's all very . -+ ( then ) I think I will go back to my room now es ae obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 87 she flip herself over , start to make she way back up the stair , crawl at first and then get to she foot , move up and up and into the darkness . uncle Charlie and India watch she go , both remain motionless until they hear the sound of she bedroom door close somewhere up above . only then do he turn to India , only then do he answer she question . uncle charlie tomorrow night . cuT to black , over which we hear uncle charlie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) right after we tie up a few loose end ... cur to : int . middle bend ~ store - the following afternoon close on a little bell over the door , ringing cheerfully as it open ... int . stoker residence - parlor - same close on India 's finger as she begin to play a new piece on the piano . it start in the same key as the little bell ... we hear this piece over the following sequence , intercut between india and uncle charlie int . middle bend ~ store uUncla Charlie , wear he tortoise shell sunglass , poke he head in and look around , make sure it 's neax empty ... int . stoker residence - parlor close on India 's finger , flow over the key with new - find power and dexterity ... int . middle bend - store uncle Charlie walk slowly down a brightly - light aisle ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 88 he pass shelf stock with all kind of item , but we can not tell what that item be , or what kind of store this be ... int . stoker residence ~ parlor close on India 's foot , bare and dirty , move up and down on the brass pedal ... int , middle bend - store uncle Charlie be now deep in conversation with a female employee ( 20' , cute ) . we see she only from tha neck up , 590 we can not tell what she 's wear ... female employee well , it 's not noxmally we policy ... uncle Charlie flash that killer smile . pemale employee ( cont ’d ) ( blush ) okay . but just this once ... int . stoker residence - parlor close on India 's back , hair loose and sway around she shoulder ... int . middle bend ~- store uncle Charlie hold up a pair of plastic - wrap scissors with bright green end , set they down on the counter ... uncle charlie almost forget ! i'1l take this too , please ... int . stoker residence - parlor close on India 's mouth , lip parte , breathe deeply , give the piece everything she 's get ... int , middle bend - store uncle Charlie put he sunglass back on and walk out the door , a white paper bag tuck under he arm ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 89 we hear the little bell ringing again ... int . stoker residence - parlor wide on India , dress in khaki short and a plain T-shirt ... we be look at _a woman transformed , in small way and large , both inside and ou ext . middle bend ~ downtown the mercede - benz rip out of town , picking up speed as it pass the " welcome to Middle Bend '' sign ... we reveal a police car hide behind the sign . it pull out , take off in pursuit ... int . stoker residence - parlor wide on India as she lean and sway , she play athletic now , physical and visceral ... ext . middle bend the mercede pass through frame , whipping through the countryside , leave the town of Middle Bend far behind ... the police car pass through frame soon after , light and siren now flash ... int . stoker residence - parlor India look radiant in the die spring light , play for what might well be the last time ... ext . middle bend - countryside the mercede pull over along a quiet strip of road , corn field on either side ... the police car pull up behind it . the cop get out , start amble up to the mercede ... int . stoker residence ~ parlor the music get louder now , pick up speed ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 90 int . mercede - benz our p.o.v. from inside the car : it 's sheriff Howard walk up_to the window . he stop , hand on he belt ... sheriff howard in a hurry , Mr. Stoker ? int . stoker residence - parlor louder , faster ... int . / ext . mercede - benz close on sheriff Howard , lean in near the window now , smile ... sheriff howard know how fast you be go ? uncle charlie just fast enough , sheriff ... sheriff howard past enough to what ? close on uncle Charlie , smile too , show some tooth ... uncle charlie to get you attention . int . stoker residence - parlor louder , faster ... ext , middle bend - countryside close on uncle charlie jamming that pair of scissor in good and deep , right up in the sheriffn throat , right in that sweet corner pocket where neck meet chin ... close on sheriff howard gurgling and spluttesring , reaching up {0 touch the bright GREEN scissor end jutting from he neck ... close on the blood trickling down from he mouth ... close on the sheriff staggering backward , away from the car , sunlight bouncing off he sunglass ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 31 int . stoker residence - parlor louder , faster ... ext . middle bend ~ countryside wide on sheriff Howard as he jerk and shimmy across the road , do a strange little dance as he fumble at the scissor end , try to pull they loose ... int . stoker residence - parlor louder , faster ... ext . middle bend - countryside the sheriff stumble off the road , blood pump down the front of he uniform , go tumble into the corn field ... int . stoker residence - parlor louder , faster ... ext . middle bend ~ countryside sherif£ Howard enter frame , staggering , choke ... he drop to he knee , blood splash the corn stalk as he crawl through the field , head nowhere ... int . stoker residence - parlor louder , faster ... ext . middle bend ~ countryside uncle Charlie enter frame a few step behind , follow the trail of blood and trample stalk , out for a stroil , calm as you please ... int . stoker residence - parlor louder , faster ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 92 ext . middle bend ~- countryside close on sheriff Howard lose steam and momentum , roll over onto he back ... close on uncle Charlie stand over the sheriff , look down at the die man with all the interest of a court stenographer ... int . stoker residence ~ parlor - dusk - continuous close on India , breathe hard , brow glisten with sweat , hit that final chord with passion , energy , life ... the music trail away to silence ... she take a second , lift she hand off the key ... evie ( 0.s. ) brava . India look up , surprised , see she mother in the parlor doorway . evie be almost unrecognizable to we . slouch and dishevel , clearly unwash , she 's a unsettle shadow of the woman we first meet in that very same doorway , the day of she husband 's funeral . nike India , bvie be also transformed . they have come a long way in a very short time , one blossoming , the other ... mother and daughter stare at each other across the room . evie ( cont 'd ) what 's for dinner ? int . stoker residence - dine room - night - continuous bvie 's in she chair at the head of the table , glass of red at the ready . India sit in she usual place . we notice there 's nothing on the table . no food , no plate , no candle . no music play . no noise from the kitchen . nothing . it 's the complete opposite of they first dinner with uncle Charlie . the moment tick by . finally - evie so ... where be he ? obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 93 india town . he have a few errand to run ... India trail off . evie so helpful . or should I say handy ? she give India a look . evie ( cont 'd ) or maybe you have you own word for it . evie chuckle darkly , then fall silent again . India keep she eye on the table , on the swing door , on the sideboard . anywhere but on the woman sit next to she . evie ( cont 'd ) I be hungry . starve , in fact ... india he should be back soon . bvie take a big gulp of wine , polish it off . plunk the glass down on the glossy tabletop . evie I would like another , please . India rise , go to the sideboard , retrieve the open bottle of wine . she fill she mother 's glass , keep a discreet distance between they . then she sit back down , put the bottle on the table between they . evie ( cont ’d ) why do not you povr one for yourself ? you nre old enough now . India look at she mother , wonder where this be go . evie stare back until India drop she eye . India do as she 's tell . she get up again , go to the sideboard , get another glass , sit back down . she reach for the bottle , fill it . India take a small sip of wine , look at she mother over the rim of the glass , wary . then she take a larger sip . evie 's lip press down in something approximate a smile . she nod once . ( approvingly ? ) obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 94 then evie lift she own glass and drain it in one quip . set it back down on the table . beat . evie ( cont 'd ) you know , I have often wonder why it be that people have child in the first place ... and the conclusion I have come to ... be that at some point in we life we realize that thing be fuck up beyond repair ... so we decide to start again . wipe the slate clean . start fresh ... and we have child ... Little carbon copy we can turn to and say , '' you will do what '' could not ... you will succeed where I have fail ... '' because we want someone to get it right this time ... for chrissake ... ( beat ) but not I . not I , my darling ... vie lean in close to she daughter , make sure she have she undivide attention . evie ( cont 'd ) personally speak , i_can not wait to watch life tear you apart . then evie sit back in she chair . and then she start to cry , big shudder sob , ratchete up from she small , shattered center . India do not move a muscle , nor do she look away this time , as she mother unravel right there at the table . evie ( cont 'd ) oh India ... oh India , I be so frighten ... I be so frighten for you ... cur to : int . stoker residence - kitchen - night - later India stand quietly at the island opposite uncle Charlie . she 's dress as we last see she . uncle Charlie , of course , have shower and change since he appointment with sheriff Howard . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 95 on the counter in front of he be the follow : a bottle of scotch . a silver spoon . a large glass . a white bowl . a wooden pestle . and a white paper baq . uncle Charlie pick up the bag , open it , remove several orange bottle with little white cap . he set they down on the island in a neat row . there be three in total , and evie 's name be on all of they . they're the prescription he just refill at the drug store in town . India watch quietly as uncle Charlie move down the row of bottle , take a handful of pill from each . he drop the pill in the white bowl , begin grind they with the pestle . once the pill have become powder , uncle Charlie pick up the large glass , fill it with scotch . he pour the mixture into the glass , pick up the spoon , stir the mixture until the powder dissolves . he take the spoon , bowl , and pestle to the sink , wash they , put they back in they proper place . finish , he come back to the island , stand opposite India again . { there be nothing on the counter between they but the glass , which he slide across to she . India look at it , then at he . he wait . and then something pass between they . uncle Charlie know without be tell . uncle charlie okay ... ( beat ) maybe next time , he give she a reassure smile , patient as the day be long . India 's eye fall on the glass again . another moment pass . uncle charlie ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) India ? she look up , as if wake from a trance . india yes ? obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 96 uncle charlie you have better get ready . we will be leave shortly . she continue to linger . he smile at she encouragingly . uncle charlie ( cont ’d ) it 's alright ... go ahead . I will clean up . India turn , walk out through the swing door . uncle Charlie pick up the glass , go to the sink , and pour it slowly down the drain . int . stoker residence - night ~ continuous intercut between india and uncle charlie as they prepare for there departure India walk through the dining room and into the foyer ... uncle charlie washing the glass at the sink ... India climb the stair ... uncle charlie drying the glass ... India reach the second floor landing , turn ... uncle charlie putting the glass back in the cabinet ... India walk down the darken hallway ... uncle charlie hanging the dishtowel on its lityle hook ... India arrive at a half~close door , reach out to turn the knob ... uncle charlie stand very still in the middle of the kitchen ... India push the door open to a.darken bedroom ... the kitchen , now bmpty India reach for the light switch on the wall ... the swing door to the dine room , swinging back and forth ... India turn on the light ... the light turning on in evien bedroom ... evie , in bed , turning toward the door , blinking ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 97 India reveal in the doorway to uncle Charlie 's bedroom , not her mother be ... uncle charlie revealed in the doorway to evien bedroom ... evie seeing he and starting to rise , aware that something be very , very wrong ... India move into the room , calmly , with purpose ... uncle charlie moving into the room , calmly , with purpose ... India reach the bed , pick up he navy blue sweater , leave unpack ... uncle charlie reaching the bed , leaping up and into the AIR face dark and feral ... India close she eye , lift uncle Charlie 's sweater to she face ... uncle charlie landing on top of evie , straddling her ... India inhale uncle Charlie 's smell ... uncle charlie slipping he hand around evie' throat ... close on India as she put the sweater against she cheek ... close on uncle charlie as he smile and start to squebze ... India foid the sweater neatly ... evie struggling , eye bulging with fear and surprise ... India carry the sweater over to uncle Charlie 's suitcase ... evie beat at uncle charlie with her fist ... India kneel down next to the suitcase ... uncle charlie squeezing ... and squeezing ... India open the suitcase ... evie beginning to lose consciousness , eye starting to roll in her head ... India gently pack the sweater inside ... evie clawing more and more weakly at uncle charlie ... India leave uncle Charlie 's room , suitcase in hand ... uncle charlie squeezing tighter ... and tighter ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 98 India walk down the hallway ... evie choking , gasping , dying ... India walk down the hallway ... uncle charlie squeezing ... and squeezing ... almost do now ... india ( 0.s. ) uncle Charlie ? uncle charlie looking toward the door , seeing india stand there ... india ( cont ' D ) I be ready . india raising her father' handgun , shoot uncle charlie once , through the neck ... uncle Charlie tumble off the bed , blood spurting from he wound in a long graceful arc ... uncle Charlie fall to the floor , face up , blood seeping onto the thick carpet ... India drop the gun , run to he side , fall to she knee ... India pull uncle Charlie into she arm , cradling he head as he blood pump out , soaking they both ... India caress uncle Charlie 's face , watch the blood bubble up from he mouth and over he lip ... uncle Charlie look up into India 's eye ... search they for something ... and finding if ... uncle charlie dying with a bloody smile on he face ... India throw back she head and scream ... bvie , alive , gasp for breath , push herself up from the bed , see India crouch on the floor , cover in blood ... evie clamber off the bed in a panic , crawl towards she daughter , on she hand and knee ... evie India ... my baby ... I be here ... I be evie reach for India , lift she daughter 's head , look into she eye and recoitling ... obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 99 evie jerk away from she daughter , pull backwards , face registering SHOCK and horror ... close on India 's face , streak with blood and stain with tear , her eye now alive with something unspeakable ... India lay uncle Charlie down gently ... india reaching for the gun , lying discarde on the carpet ... evie ( cont 'd ) no ... india' bloody finger close around the gun ... evie ( cont 'd ) no , India ... please ... india ‘s eye on her mother , a hunter zeroed in on its prey ... evie ( cont ’d ) please ... india ... india lifting the gun slowly off the carpet , a wicked grin curling her mouth up at the corner ... evie ( cont ‘d ) india ! close on evie as she scream ... evie ( cont ’d ) indiaaaaaaaaaaaa |! 11 ! CUT to black ext . stoker residence - dawn silence . shot of the Stoker estate . wind in the tree , dew on the grass . the gazebo . the koi pond . the weathervane . the patch of earth along the drive where uncle Charlie plant bulb , still bare . ( and always will be . ) the white house with its chimney , its eave and black shutter . the red front door ... leave wide open . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 100 a pair of black and white saddle shoe sitting just inside the doorway , abandoned . int . stoker residence - day — continuous shot of the interior , the piano in the parlor ... the island in the kitchen ... the swing door to the dining room ... the stair in the foyer ... uncle Charlie , eye wide , lie face up on the floor of evie 's bedroom , a break doll , the bull - eye in a circle of blood ... evie , eye wide , lie motionless in bed , on she side face the window , make we think she 's dead ... until she blink . ext . stoker residence - day - continuous shot of the exterior . the house from a distance , and again from farther away ... the three grave in the wood ... the front gate stand open ... the road wind away through the tree ... the mercede - benz speed over a hill ... int . mercede - benz - day - same we reveal India , sit behind the wheel . she 's shower and fresh , dress in clean short and one of uncle Charlie 's press shirt , open at the neck . the window 's down , a breeze blow through she hair . her face and attitude be calm , the world ahead of she and ali the time in it . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 101 we pan over to the passenger seat , reveal uncle Charlie 's itgase . India reach over , open it . we see the qun inside , lie on top of he navy sweater . India fish around , find what she 's look for : a eyeglass case . she crack it open , take out a familiar pair of tortoise shell sunglass . stick they on she nose . the better to see with . ext . mercede - benz - day - same . wide on the mercede shoot away from we , up and over a hill , and then disappear from view . beat . empty hillside . beat . and then , quite unexpectedly , the mercede be come back over the hill hoot right towa we . if tbar past camera , speed back toward Middle Bend ... smash CUT to : ext . middle bend - suburban house ~ day ~ continuous Sun shine , bird tweeting . wide on a mini-mcmansion , one of many , all squatting together in a tired - look subdivision . it 's immediately clear we be a long way from the Stoker estate . we take in the house . miss shingles and peel stucco . crack sidewalk . dead-spot on the grass . Children 's toy on the lawn ... a Big wheel , a deflate basketball . a couple of baseball , dirty and chew ... a aluminum bat lie next to they . int . suburban house ~ kitchen - day - continugus close on fry egg and bacon , cooking on a grease- stain stove . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 04/18/10 102 a woman ( 40 but look 50 ) , still in she bathrobe and slipper , stand over the food , halfheartedly poke at it with a plastic spatula . we hear the doorbell ring . it 's tinny . loud . the woman gc on cooking , half~asleep . we hear the doorbell ring again . the woman look up , finally hearing the bell . then she look at the ceiling , scream . woman would somebody get that ? no answer . second pass . we hear the doorbell ring again . woman ( cont ’d ) ( much louder ) would somebody get the door , please ? i'm try to make breakfast down here ! ( beat hello ? be anybody listening ? ( then ; to herself ) the doorbell ring again . woman ( cont ’d ) goddamn it ! I ’m not go to ask a second time ! get the goddamn door ! int . suburban house - front hall - day ~ continuous close on the front door , the doorbell ring again . woman ( 0.s. ) ( cont ‘d ) get the door ! we now hear a man ' gice , call back from upstairs . man ( 0.s. ) alright already ! I / ll get it ! close on the front door . sound of foot move around upstairs , we hear the doorbell ring again . obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net 01/18/10 103 woman ( 0.8.} goddamn it ! more noise at the top of the stair , somebody start down . thump , thump , thump , thump ... we hear the doorbell ring again as we continue to hold steady on the front door . man ( 0.s. ) okay , okay ! ( mutter ) for fuck 's sake ... he 's closer now , almost to the door ... we hear the doorbell ring again . man ( 0.s. ) ( cone 'd ) alrigat ! and then he hand be reach into frame , grab the doorknob , turn it ... int . / ex2 . suburban house - day - front hall - continuous the front door swing open ... it 's pitt . he blink a few time , like he can not believe who 's on he doorstep at 7 o'clock in the morning . pit ? S what the fuck be you do here ? and we swivel around he to reveal india in her brand new sunglass , just in time to watch her bring that aluminum bat up and over in a sizzling arc - right into camera . cur to black the end obtain by wentworth Miller 101 http://www.wentworthmiller101.net