'' stolen summer " by Pete Jones fade in : ext . o'malley front yard - morning margaret o'malley , a auburn haire , sunburn 38 - year old mother of eight , stand outside next to the run station wagon . two child sit in the front seat while three be cramme into the back seat . Margaret be wait on she two youngest boy to fill the two way back seat that face backwards . katie , 4 year old , with strawberry blond hair , rosy cheek , and a pot belly , stick she head out the window . katie Mom , I tell they to be ready by nine twenty . they just do not listen . Margaret ignore Katie . Katie pop back into the car . CUT to : int . pete' bedroom - continuous pete , 7 year old , who look like a poster boy for Ireland , lay on he stomach in front of the board game " all Star Baseball " . he spin the dial . the dial land on nine , which be the number that coincide with a strikeout . seamus , nine year old , blondish brown hair , white skin , crystal blue eye , angelic smile , jump to the air in celebration . seamus : another comeback stop . pete Reggie Jackson stink ! seamus we gotta get go . Mom 's gonna freak . seamus head for the door . pete what should we tell she ? seamus look back at Pete . Pete 's hand I down plaid pants barely fit he and fall as he stand up . seamus : you could not find you belt . seamus take off down the stair . Pete , with one hand hold up he pants , follow he down the stair . seamus run out the front door and past he mom . margaret why be you late ? seamus , never break stride , climb into the station wagon through the back window . seamus Pete could not find he belt . Pete run past he mother . margaret why be you late ? pete seamus lose my belt . Pete never break stride . he jump into the back of the station wagon . Margaret turn and walk to the car with the kind of steam that only eight kid in 18 year can produce . she open the car door , sit down , calmly put the car in reverse , and turn she head for the reverse shoulder check . and then all hell break loose . Margaret scream at the top of she lung . margaret God give you 168 hour in a week . can you not give he one full hour back ? be that too much to ask ? Katie at four year do not understand rhetorical question . katie I have be ready for three hour . eddie , 14 , brown curly hair , brown eye , athletic , be at the point in he life when he realize he have more answer than he mom . eddie ( to Katie ) shut up you kiss ass . Margaret , with no hesitation , stop the car and smack Eddie across the face . Eddie wince while tommy , 17 , also dark haire and dark eye , laugh . Margaret put the car in drive and cruise down the street like one big , happy family . we follow the camera through the front of the car to the back . patrick , 18 , blondish brown curly hair and green eye , hold molly , six month old , in the front seat . car seat have yet to be invent . mary , 17 , auburn haire like she mother and Tommy 's twin , sit behind the driver seat because she have learn the long hand of Margaret 's wrath can not reach she in that seat . Tommy read Eddie the bazooka Joe joke from he gum wrapper and the two laugh . in the back seat face out , Pete and seamus sit . seamus hold electronic football in he hand and the electronic sound of electronic football player run reverberate throughout the car . we go tight on pete . pete ( v.0o . ) my dad be a fireman . we pull back and see all of the kid hang out the window and wave at joe , 40 , who be Dark irish , handsomely weathered , and happy to be at work when he wife take the kid to church . we go tight on joe as he wave back to the kid . joe ( sarcastic to fellow firemen ) I wish I could be with they more . pete ( v.0o . ) and my mom ? we go tight on margaret . pete ( v.0o . ) and my mom ? she 's a part time cook , may , and nurse . but she full time job ? she 's a front line sergeant in God 's army . Pete scream as seamus score another touchdown on electronic football . eddie goddammit , would you two shut up with that game ! Katie put she hand over she mouth with the sound of the swearword . Tommy prepare for battle by hold back he laughter . Margaret erupt . margaret the lord 's name in vain ? Son of a bitch . at forty mile a hour in front of the firehouse Margaret lunge she open fist into the backseat and start swinging like a tornado . kid scurry , hope to avoid the path of the tornado . the wagon swerve into the other lane . Joe and he buddy watch from they lounge chair outside the firehouse . he take a swig from a plastic cup . joe dying in a fire sometimes do not sound so bad . the station wagon pull up to church and the child jump out like clown from a small car . Margaret drive off as the child exit the station wagon . Patrick lift Katie up to the basin of holy water . Katie splashes water on she forehead and make a sign of the cross . Patrick , annoyed , put she down and point he finger at she . he gently touch the water with he index and middle finger and slowly make the sign of the cross . Katie shake she head in agreement . seamus dip he hand in the water and fake sneeze on Pete . Pete punch he in the shoulder . Margaret walk in and proceed to lead she duckling down the aisle as the head in church turn to watch . each kid genuflect , some better than other , and sit . Pete sit between seamus and Patrick . he look at Margaret . she smile and wink at he . Pete look up to the life-size Jesus hang high behind the altar . we slowly go tight on jesus hang on the cross . pete ( v.0o . ) my cousin ' family be similar to mine . except some of the dad be cop . in my world , there 's irish Catholic , and then there 's everybody else . the only part of this picture that do not fit for I be Jesus . from what I have learn , and accord to my brother seamus I have learn shit , that 's why I be in second grade , but from what I have learn , Jesus be not irish Catholic . my dad say that 's only a technicality , like knute rockne , but , still , Jesus be not irish Catholic . he be jewish . I do not know any jewish people , they do not go to Holy Cross , but if I ever meet a jewish person , my mom say my job would be to convert they to Catholicism . so they could go to heaven . I have decide this summer , the summer of 1976 , I will help a jewish person get to heaven . it will be my holy quest . CUT to : int . keeney / jone funeral home - a few day later reverse cam - look out through Jesus 's eye . a wake . a irish wake . two little boy approach the casket . they kneel in front of the casket . seamus look at Pete . Pete 's eye be wide in anticipation . seamus nudge pete. Pete nudge seamus back . seamus make the sign of the cross and Pete copy he . the two stand and walk away . we follow they through the crowd . the boy continue to walk through the crowd but we stop at a circle of man hold drink . joe , hold a rum and Coke , be talk out the side of he mouth . joe so ? what do I do ? go up to aunt maggie . hey aunt maggie , do I mention uncle Jim owed I a nickel ? the other man laugh . Joe 's fat brother , roger , answer as if he 's Jim 's wife . he pull out a coin roger I know thing be tight , Joe , but this be cheap . even for you . Roger hand Joe the nickel . joe well , we will call it even . that idiot . you know if he be up a nickel with the book , he would have live to collect . the man laugh heartily . joe a new way to fend off death . be up money with you bookie . roger May old uncle Jim be in heaven thirty minute before the devil know he 's dead . joe he might need more time . what if the devil have extradition rights ? all of the man laugh . a man hand Joe a drink . he finish the drink in he right hand as he accept the fresh drink in he leave hand . seamus and Pete come run back through the crowd . Margaret , stand with four woman and smoking , call they over . margaret do you pray for you great uncle 's soul ? Pete look at seamus . seamus look down at Pete . Pete look up at he mom . pete we do not know he soul . the woman laugh . woman Cause he do not have one . margaret go back up there and pray to Jesus for the soul of you uncle Jim . he need you prayer . pete so I have hear . but Mom , how do we know we prayer will help Old uncle Jim get to heaven ? margaret faith . now go ahead . seamus Mom , we can not go back up there . we already pray to Jesus for he soul . Mom look at Pete for affirmation . Pete look up to seamus . he look back up to Mom . margaret do you pray to Jesus ? Pete look at seamus . seamus give he that scared look of have to look at that dead body up close again . Pete look at the dead body . he look back at he mom . he nod he head in the affirmative . margaret well , nobody can have too many prayer . go again . Pete and seamus head toward the casket . pete how do she know I be lie ? seamus : you be not convincing . and she 's get some kinda build in lie detector . pete how many lie do we get till we go to hell ? seamus forty-seven . pete I do not think I have many leave . and I get my whole life ahead of I . seamus : that one do not count . you just nodd . nodding up and down in China be like say no . pete thing be upside down in China . seamus begin to nod yes but change it to a shake . Margaret watch the boy as they approach the casket . the boy approach the dead body . pete what 's faith ? seamus 's eye be bugging out . seamus : a word grow up use when they do not have the answer . CUT to : int . classroom - next day we go tight on a electronic football game . we hear the noise of the game . we pull back to see Pete play the game in the back of the room . a nun stand at the front of the class and be talk to the class . nun this summer , take time to reflect on you past year in the second grade . and how you can make third grade better . the electronic defense tackle Pete and make a double click noise . pete no! jimmy yes ! nun Mr. o'malley ? do you disagree with I ? pete no , sister leonora Mary . I agree . the bell ring . the kid scream with happiness . School 's out for the summer . nun see you at church . and next year in third grade . the boy run for the door . nun Mr. o' malley , may I speak to you for a moment ? the boy stop . Pete look at they . the guy do not hesitate . they run out of the room . sister leonora Mary and Pete be alone . pete yes , sister leonora Mary . nun how many time do I have to pull you by you ear to the front of the class and give you the ruler ? Pete look around for the answer . pete a lot ! nun probably too many time , do not you think ? Pete nod . nun I do not enjoy have to do that , you know . Pete look at the ground and scratch the back of he neck . nun I think this be a important summer for you . this be the summer that you can choose to keep follow the devil 's way , or create a new path toward Jesus . which path do you want to take ? pete the Jesus path . nun good . I expect to see a difference in you next year . pete you will , sister leonora Mary . I have get a plan . a quest ! nun good ! you may go . enjoy you summer , I know you will . pete you too sister leonora Mary . Pete head toward the door . he turn around . pete do you know where I can find a synagogue ? CUT to : int . synagogue - late afternoon Pete stop he bike outside the synagogue . he look to the top to see if there be a cross . no cross . a small family walk out of the synagogue . the man wear yarmukle . Pete stare at the yarmukle . he walk he bike to the door . he try to open the door and maneuver the bike through the door . he be unsuccessful . a bearded , tiny gray man with glass open the door . rabbi Kenny Jacobsen smile at the young leprechaun . rabbi May I help you , son of Saint Patrick ? Pete look at he weird but shrug off the name call . he notice the rabbi wear a yarmukle also . pete whadaya get on the top of you head ? rabbi the rabbi it 's a yarmukle . pete do not really block the sun . rabbi no but it cover bald spot . lean over , take off the yarmukle , and show Pete he bald spot . pete it do cover the bald spot . my old uncle Jim could have use that . rabbi so what can I do you for ? Pete look around . the rabbi pete jewish people go here ? nod . pete I be look to see if I can help jewish people get to heaven . rabbi a noble endeavor . pete a quest ! rabbi a noble quest ! what can I do to assist you quest ? pete well , I just want to check out the synagogue . but there 's no bike rack . do not kid go here ? rabbi yes . but not for school . how ' bout I hold onto you bike in the back of the Temple as you look around ? pete thanks . Pete enter the temple with rabbi Jacobsen follow he with the bike . the place be round and expansive . Pete look around . after look , Pete head to the back of the temple where the rabbi wait for he with he bike . pete no cross ? rabbi no cross . pete I find the cross fun to look at . sometimes I think about climb the wall at Holy Cross and unscrew the nail , and let he go . make mass go faster . you should think about put in a cross . rabbi I will look into that . so what be you think ? pete that this be where the quest start . rabbi well , if I can be of service , you let I know . my office be just over there . I have get to get home to my family . I have a boy around you age . how old be you ? pete Seven . almost eight . rabbi he 's six . almost seven . pete you can have a family ? rabbi yes . pete then what do they call you ? rabbi well , my boy call I father . but my congregation call I rabbi . rabbi Jacobsen . rabbi Jacobsen put he hand out . Pete shake it . pete I be pete. Pete o'malley . Nice to meet you rabbi Jacobsen . rabbi Nice to meet you . the rabbi and Pete head out of the temple . CUT to : int . kitchen table - later that night the o'malley 's sit at the dinner table . Three thing be a constant at the dinner table . meat , potato , and chaos . Katie start to yelp . katie can I have you attention ? please . I get something to say . please ! everyone at the table slowly quiet down . joe better make this good Katie . katie I will . the room be quiet . Katie look at everyone . katie today . I be on my bike . and I pedale my bike to the o'connor . and I pedale back . and it be sunny . everyone stare at she . katie that 's it . Eddie shake he head in amazement and grin . eddie Katie , you need to come up with a more exciting story . katie I will . eddie you know , like maybe crash you bike , and get really bloody and do the wounded soldier back to the house . margaret Eddie ! the older kid laugh . pete anyone know what a yarmukle be ? joe a beanie ? Patrick look at pete. patrick jewish people wear they . it 's traditional headwear . seamus like feather for a indian ? pete what 's it for ? joe to hide they horn . the older kid laugh . Margaret wince . pete they get horn ? margaret no . they do not have horn . Joe , please . the young one do not need this . let 's change the subject . joe Patrick , you uncle Charlie say he could get you a interview over at the city planner office . patrick no thanks . mary what about the fire department ? joe that 's always there . well , kid , what the hell be you go to do ? the kid react to the word hell . patrick I have apply for some scholarship . I should hear about they soon . until then , I can keep life guard . save money . joe life guard ? I have raise a professional lifeguarder . in Chicago . work three month a year . eddie and he do not even look like Sheila moran in he suit . Tommy blushes . eddie Sheila ! oh Sheila . save I ! Joe laugh . joe do not let she old man catch she save you . tommy Eddie do not know what he 's talk about . I do not like she . Mary speak matter of factly . mary Francis demo tell I Sheila like you so all you need to do be ask she out . Patrick get up from the table as Tommy , Mary , and Eddie continue to talk about Sheila moran . seamus be bent over show Pete where the horn protrude from the head . Katie feed the cocker spaniel she mashed potato under the table while Molly drink from the bottle in Nancy 's arm . Joe watch Patrick walk out of the room . he look at Margaret for some answer . Margaret shrug she shoulder . ext . neighborhood STREET - next day Pete and seamus walk down the tree line city block in they neighborhood . the two sip milkshake . pete there 's nothing better than a bubble gum milk shake . how come that girl look at we so funny when we order it ? seamus shrug . pete I mean , it 's a two for one . Ice cream shake , and then the bubble gum sink to the bottom , and when the shake 's do , you get a whole pack of bubble gum to chew . all for the price of one shake . seamus take the lid off the cup and try to finish the shake in one big gulp . he succeed . seamus now chew on a wad of gum . Pete and seamus pass a lemonade stand . ten cent a cup . Pete motion to the lemonade entrepreneur that he shake have bankrupt he for the day . pete you ever feel that there 's more out there ? like there 's more for you to do than just play ball and eat ice cream ? seamus shake he head . he blow a bubble . Pete blow a bubble . seamus : you gonna play baseball at 11 ? Pete shake he head . seamus : you head over to the synagogue ? Pete nod . seamus blow a bubble . seamus : you know , this whole thing 's kinda weird . you go there , the quest . Pete nod . seamus : well , at least you know it 's weird . Pete and seamus walk down the street in silence . enjoy another day without responsibility . CUT to : int . synagogue - later that morning Pete knock on the door of rabbi Jacobsen 's office . rabbi come in . pete hey rabbi Jacobsen , Pete o'malley . we meet the other day . the rabbi stand up from he desk . he put he hand out . Pete shake it . rabbi Mr. o'malley . how be you today ? pete I be good thanks . ready to start my quest . but I think I might ask you for you permission first . rabbi what be you plan ? pete sort of a " lemonade - free trip to heaven " stand . the rabbi chuckle . he stop . rabbi enterprise . Pete shrug off that word . pete yep . jewish people gotta like lemonade ? rabbi very much so . I believe mose set one up at mount sinai . again Pete shrug off that statement . pete I figure I might set up the stand right at the door . and I be not go to charge . rabbi a future car salesman . pete right . ok then . thanks . I will let you know how it go . rabbi you know , jewish people believe in heaven . it 's just that we believe it 's not open yet . pete well , maybe I can get the people that do not want to wait . the rabbi laugh . CUT to : ext . synagogue - minute later the rabbi walk back to the door . he turn back to look at Pete taping the poster to the wall . free lemonade . free trip to heaven . the rabbi laugh . he open the door and head into the synagogue . Pete take a seat at he stand . CUT to : ext . synagogue - hour later the rabbi watch Pete through a window in the synagogue . Pete look around . no business . he look around again . he pour himself a cup of lemonade and gulp it . he put the lemonade back in its place . CUT to : ext . synagogue - end of the day the rabbi walk out to the stand . Pete look deject . rabbi Rome be not build in a day , Pete . Pete do not understand . pete how do you make any money here ? I be free , and still nobody . the rabbi pat Pete on the top of the head . rabbi I envy you youth . come back tomorrow . Pete look at all of he stuff . rabbi I will store you office right here inside the front door . for free . Pete smile . pete you and I seem to be the only two on this block that care about free stuff . rabbi because we be the only two that realize that you can not buy what we have to offer . it 's free . Pete and the rabbi place the desk , chair , and poster inside the synagogue . Pete shake the rabbi' hand and ride he bike home . CUT to : ext . synagogue - next day Pete sit at he stand . the rabbi park he car on the street 100 foot from Pete 's stand . the rabbi do not want to block Pete 's storefront billboard . the rabbi step out of he car . his secretary , Julie , a pretty , voluptuous , middle age woman who obviously be wait for the rabbi , walk out the door and greet the rabbi . Pete watch she . julie rabbi Jacobsen , you have receive six message . rabbi door to door service . Julie , I do not pay you enough . Julie hand the rabbi he telephone message . the rabbi read they and laugh . julie member of the congregation do not seem to think this stand be a laugh matter . it 's against Judaism . rabbi most of the member do not seem to notice this temple , except during the high holiday or when they need something . Pete 's give we free advertising . julie but he 's advertising Christianity . rabbi no , he 's advertising think . he 's ask people to have a cup of free lemonade with he and maybe get some insight into how to get to heaven . do not seem like this neighborhood care about that . I wish a thousand Pete 's open up stand on this street . seamus ride he bike up to the stand . seamus hey . pete hey . seamus get off he bike and pour himself a cup of lemonade . pete do not pour it all . seamus look around . as if there be a public stampede for Pete 's lemonade . seamus wave to rabbi Jacobsen . the rabbi walk toward the stand . pete rabbi Jacobsen , this be my older brother seamus . he 's nine . the rabbi shake seamus 's hand . rabbi I be rabbi Jacobsen . I be forty - four . how many be there ? seamus eight . but my oldest brother might go to college , so then there will be seven . and maybe we will get he room . rabbi quite a flock . pete get a dog too . wanna cup of lemonade rabbi ? rabbi no thanks . pete Mam ? julie no thank you . rabbi well , you keep up the ... young boy rabbi ! rabbi ! a young boy come run full speed around the corner . young boy rabbi ! rabbi ! the rabbi 's face turn white . rabbi what be it Steven ? the sound of fire engine roaring fill the air . a huge fire engine turn the corner and race past . steven rabbi , you house be on fire . Big fire ! the rabbi do not hear the last line . he take off in a full sprint back the way Steven come . another fire engine race past . we follow the fire engine . we pass over the top of the FIRE engine to the other side where joe o'malley hang on . we follow the FIRE engine up the block where people stand outside watch a house burn . the rabbi reach the house at the same time the fire engine do . rabbi my boy ! where be my boy ? David ? Danny ? the rabbi furiously search the crowd . Joe o' malley reach the rabbi . a quick exchange between the two . the rabbi take off toward the stair of he house . two other firemen catch he and hold he back . Joe motion to the firemen to pull he back and the rest of the crowd to the other side of the street . he grab a couple of other firemen who aim the hose at the front door . Joe run into the house and disappear into the smoke . a close shot on Pete and seamus , who have be watch from the corner . Mrs. Jacobsen arrive . the rabbi grab she . Mrs. Jacobsen start to cry . everyone watch for Joe to reappear with two boy in hand . the firemen hose the flame . the rabbi make another run for the house , but this time policeman hold he back . the rabbi go limp as the two policeman hold he up . the rabbi' eye be fixate on the front door . where there be just smoke , the outline of Joe o'malley appear . he have a child , Danny , wrap in a blanket in he arm . he run down the stair and across the street . he hand the boy off to the paramedics . Danny be suffer from smoke inhalation but be ok . his parent surround he . the rabbi scream at Joe . Joe can only read he lip . David ! David ! my other boy ! David ! Joe look back at the house . the flame rage uncontrollably and the other house be now in danger of catch fire . the rabbi grab Joe by the shoulder and scream . this time Joe 's eye be only on the fire . Joe take off toward the house . a firemen try to stop he but Joe bounce off he like a run back . as he reach the front step , a explosion knock he back ten foot and flame roar out the front door . firemen trample Joe as he coat catch on fire . they stamp out the fire while they hold he down . Joe roll over and stare at the jacobsen . Mrs. Jacobsen be hysterically cry as the rabbi stare aimlessly . the rabbi turn slowly and bury he wife 's head in he chest . Danny , he youngest son , stare over he oxygen mask and up at he parent . Joe stand up and be escort toward the ambulance as other firemen storm the house with more hose . a close shot of pete . his face be void of any emotion other than a look that say he think he dad be dead . a close shot of seamus . tear stream down he face . as he dad clear the crowd and reach the ambulance on he own two foot , seamus take off in a full sprint and cover the fifty yard in second . Pete stand still . seamus dad ! dad ! dad ! Joe look up and before he know it seamus be jump into he arm . Joe put seamus down instantly and start to scream . joe what the hell be you do here ? Jesus Christ seamus ! Jesus Christ ! seamus 's face turn white . Joe look up and see Pete stand on the corner freeze . joe and you bring you brother ? Joe slap seamus across the face . joe how many time have I tell you not to chase fire engine ! it 's dangerous . you could have kill yourself and you brother . go home ! and wait for I in you room ! seamus turn around and walk toward pete. seamus reach Pete , who be still freeze . seamus never look up from the pavement . seamus come on . Pete look at he dad , who now sit on the back of the ambulance as paramedics care for he . Pete look further at rabbi Jacobsen . Danny Jacobsen , six year old and bald , catch Pete 's eye . they look at each other . Pete turn and walk away . CUT to : int . family room - later that night the o'malley family sit around the tv and watch the news , which be report live from the fire , which still simmer in the background . we go up the stair and down the hallway to Pete and seamus 's room . they both sit on they bed stare quietly at the ceiling . seamus throw a tennis ball to himself . the front door open and scream of dad fill the house . Pete turn and look at seamus . seamus fixate on the rotation of the ball as it leave he hand . he repeat this over and over . Joe enter the bedroom and close the door behind he . Pete and seamus sit up . Joe grab a chair and flip it around so he 's lean forward on the back of the chair . joe how many time have I tell you boy ? seamus begin to speak . Joe cut he off . joe people die in fire . you do not chase fire , you run away from they . that family lose a ten year old boy in that fire today . pete rabbi Jacobsen 's son die ? Joe nod . joe what be you two do in that neighborhood ? Pete and seamus stay silent . joe you be both ground . you can not leave this block . if I find either one of you outside this block or hear that either one of you leave this block , you will get a whooping that you will still feel on you sixteenth birthday . seamus but the baseball field ... joe that 's it . Joe stand up and exit the room . seamus get off he bed and grab he glove . he start to pound the ball into he glove . pete I be sorry . it 's my fault . seamus stare out the window . CUT to : ext . backyard - hour later Joe sit in the backyard alone on a lounge chair drink a Old style beer . a floodlight illuminate the backyard . the backdoor open and shut . Joe continue to stare out . Pete grab a chair , spin it around like he dad , and lean forward on the back of the chair . nothing be say for a few second as Pete stare out . Joe do not look at Pete . joe what be you do up ? pete could not sleep . ( pause ) Joe take Joe take Joe take silence . dad , seamus be only in the area because he be check up on I . a big sip from he beer . pete I be on a quest . to meet a jewish person and help they get to heaven . another sip from he beer . joe jewish people can not go to heaven . pete Mom say they can be convert . through Jesus . I ask Father Kelly and he say that be the role of a good Christian . another sip . pete so I have be go over to the temple on Oakley . look for jewish people . I meet rabbi Jacobsen . he 's like a priest over at the synagogue . he 's be real nice . and I feel really bad for he now that he son have die . joe how old be you ? pete Seven . and a half . you know . joe you should be play baseball and go to the pool . and asleep by nine . pete seamus be just see how thing be go . joe do not go to that synagogue anymore . you go to church . let the jewish people take care of themselves . pete but I be on a quest . joe not anymore . the Jews will be Jews . and Christians will be Christians . do not try to change thing at seven and a half . Pete stare out at the backyard . joe get to bed . CUT to : int . joe' bedroom - later Margaret lay in bed watch " the tonight show " when Joe walk out of the bathroom . he jump into bed and watch tv with she . margaret how bad be it ? Joe shake he head . margaret Joe , I can not raise this kid alone and I have gain too much weight to find a new husband . Joe laugh and squeeze she stomach . joe too much weight ? you be skinnier and more beautiful than the first day I meet you . Margaret laugh . margaret you charm work on I when I be a teenager . I see what I see . tell I about the fire . joe it be a fire . they be never good . Margaret knock on the wall that the bed lay against . she turn she head and face the wall . margaret ( sarcastic to the wall ) tell I about you day . ( as wall ) well , it be a day like any other day . I stand firm , attach to the floor . joe whaddaya want from I ? margaret not the tough guy I be be interview I do my job routine . Joe touch Margaret 's stomach and rub it . joe if you be skinnier when we meet , I do not remember . and there 's no way I like it . Margaret push he hand away and roll over . Joe twist the pillow in half and stare at the ceiling . joe do you know Pete be go to a synagogue to convert jewish people ? Margaret laugh . joe I be not find that as funny . Margaret roll over and face Joe . margaret Pete be search for meaning in he life . joe he 's seven . Baseball be the only meaning in a seven year old 's life . margaret some kid be destine for great thing than baseball . joe I do not know honey . sound like Pete 's look for a recipe to get beat up . I tell he to leave that people alone . do not let he go over there . margaret I can not watch this kid 's every move . Molly need my constant attention . all I know be he walk out of the house in the morning , and when he come back , he 's clean and nobody 's call to say he be trouble . joe now that 's parent 101 . my kid 's clean and nobody say he 's trouble . be I go to have to work and raise the kid ? margaret Don 't start with I Joe . Margaret roll over . Joe spoon up against she . joe maybe we should bring another kid into the world who 's clean and do not cause any trouble ? margaret well , if you be look for my womb , I think it fall out over there when I be dusting . have at it . Joe roll back over and watch " the tonight show " . CUT to : ext . firehouse - a few day later Joe sit on a lounge chair outside of the firehouse with a few other firemen play card . Roger , he brother and fellow fireman , be study the sport page . roger the Sox hit lefty hard . Zisk love lefty . no comment . roger I think you gotta take the Sox tonight plus one fifty . they be a good bet . a buck to win a buck fifty . joe why you try to convince we ? you never bet against the Sox . ever . roger I like they lineup . it 's explosive . joe you ever think about betting the other team . when you be betting , do not let you heart get in the way of a good decision . roger yeah , but when you heart and mind be in together , it 's a sure bet . joe funny how you heart and mind always say Sox . jack gin ! Joe throw he card down . joe shut the hell up Roger . Jack 's crush I cause of you . ( to Jack ) you should be a garbage man the way you pick up every card I throw . you do that to piss I off , Jack ? Jack add the score . jack I do it to win . five hundred to two twenty . at a nickel a point . fourteen buck you owe I . Joe go into he pocket and fish out fourteen dollar . rabbi Jacobsen walk up the driveway with he son Danny . the rabbi have two tinfoil trays and Danny carry two bottle of red wine . rabbi gentlemen . the man get quiet . Joe walk over to help the rabbi with the trays . Roger take the wine from Danny . rabbi my wife , my son , and I want to thank you for you bravery and kindness . the rabbi look down at Danny . Danny 's White Sox hat cover he bald head . danny thank you . the man , still quiet , nod . Jack take a tray from Joe and the other tray from the rabbi . Joe put out he hand . joe rabbi , Joe o'malley . I be sorry for you loss . the man nod in agreement . rabbi thank you . my son David be a good boy . the rabbi look at the shiny red fire truck . rabbi he love you firemen . never understand why I could not be a fireman on the side and park the firetruck outside the house . the man laugh . Danny smile . Joe nudge Roger and point to he head . Roger nod knowingly and walk into the firehouse . rabbi my wife figure the best way to thank a man be through he stomach . she baked some lasagna for all of you in appreciation . danny it 's real good . Joe look at Danny . joe I bet it be . ( to rabbi ) my guy love a good meal , but I wish you wife would not have . we be just do we job . rabbi a heroic job you do . my wife want to thank you personally . my synagogue will want to thank you formally . Joe look down . not heroic enough to save you other son , Joe think . rabbi I do not know if you be allow to drink red wine on the job , but lasagna just be not as good without a fine wine . jack nothing be as good without a fine wine . Roger come back with a plastic firehat and button . roger this be for you . a deputy fire chief . Danny take off he White Sox hat and hand it to he dad . he put on the firehat . danny thanks . roger you be welcome . you a big Sox fan ? danny huge . Zisk crush the ball . roger especially against lefty . you wanna check out the firetruck ? Danny look at he dad excitedly , his dad nod . Roger take Danny by the hand and walk back into the firehouse . the other man follow . Joe stay out with rabbi Jacobsen . the rabbi break the silence . rabbi it be jewish custom to sit chiva at the house of the decease . it be a sign of support to the family of the decease . joe like a wake . rabbi yes , like a wake . I know you be a busy man , but if you have time , I would be honore if you could stop by and sit for a few minute with my family and friend . joe you bet . rabbi obviously , it be not at my home . but at my brother on 2243 damen . joe 2243 ? rabbi anytime after seven pm all week . Danny be on the back of the truck . danny dad ! check I out ! rabbi Children realize life be about live . and death be about life . do you have any child of you own ? Joe laugh . Joe roll joe yep . I have get child all right . eight . rabbi eight ? a bless man . he eye as if the bless be not always so . rabbi the o'malley clan ? by any chance , be a beautiful young redhead name Pete yours ? Joe nod in embarrassment . rabbi you bravery have be pass on . he 's the most earnest , delightful young man I have ever meet . joe I find out he 's be a nuisance at you temple and I have reprimand he . he will not be bother you anymore . rabbi you son be a welcome sight at the temple . Danny scream as he sit in the rear drive seat . Joe and the rabbi look at Danny . joe do you mind if I ask ? Joe point to he head . rabbi luekemia . chemotherapy . joe I be sorry . so sorry . rabbi God have a plan . a mysterious plan for my family . Joe and the rabbi watch Danny . rabbi if you can find time , we would love to have you at my brother 's house . bring Pete . it would be good for everyone spirit to see a child so full of life like you son . Joe smile . joe he 's full of something . CUT to : int . o'malley family room - later that day Pete and seamus lay on the floor play " all Star Baseball " . Katie dance around to music from the record player . baby Molly sleep in the crib . Patrick walk in the door with the day 's mail . Katie run over and grab the mail from he . katie get the mail be my job . she punch he , hand over the mail to Katie , who take it over to the table . she rifle through the mail . Katie can not read . katie Bill ! Bill ! Bill ! look like all bill . Katie get up and start to dance . Patrick sit down and look at the mail . a few piece of official mail be address to he . Patrick open they up and read they . Patrick crumple the paper and leave it on the table . he walk away from the table . CUT to : int . o'malley kitchen - early night the family sit at the dinner table . Tommy and Eddie be miss from the table . the kid eat pot roast and roast potato . joe the boy game start at six ? Joe look Joe nod . Joe look Pete nod . seamus : doubleheader . uncle Roger , billy , and Roger junior be go . at Margaret . she nod . joe you finish you chore ? seamus yep . Pete look at he dad . joe rabbi Jacobsen invite you and I to a ... a... chiva at he house . pete rabbi Jacobsen ? chiva ? joe yep . like a wake . I tell he we would be there . at Margaret . she smile . pete how 's he do ? joe it 's gotta be tough . pete yeah . joe we will go and then catch the second game . pete yeah . we will do that . seamus : tell rabbi Jacobsen I be sorry for he . pete I will . joe you know he 's get a boy you age . I meet he today . he will be there . CUT to : int . o'malley kitchen - after dinner Joe and Margaret still sit at the table . Joe drink a beer while Margaret drink coffee . Mary rock Molly . seamus stand at the sink scraping food and wash dish . he hand they to Pete , who stand on a stool and rinse the dish . Pete hand the dish to Katie , who place the dish in the dishwasher . joe the rabbi 's other kid have leukemia . margaret we have be bless . I do not know how we have be so lucky , but I be not to question it . joe stupid electrical wiring . that damn old house be not build for modern wiring . Patrick walk by . joe hey , lifesaver , why do not you sit down ? Patrick take a seat . joe so , you mother think you get some news ? Patrick play with he fork . patrick maybe I will take a look at the job over at the city planner office . Joe pause . joe it 's a good job with nice benefit . I will talk to alderman McManus about it . Patrick stay silent . joe well , do not go there with that attitude . the alderman 's do we a favor . so do not go act like a punk . from the kitchen , Katie mimic she dad . katie yeah , do not go act like a punk . Patrick stay silent . joe a lot of kid you age do not have a chance like this . patrick a lot of kid my age go to college . not to work . joe yeah , and when they graduate , they be four year behind you in the work world . all they have learn from college be how to smoke pot and sleep . patrick the good job nowadays require a college degree . joe a city job be a good job , and all it require be hard work and a good attitude . patrick the irish way . get a city job , work hard , have forty kid , retire on a crap pension in the same house you live in all you life . joe you wanna be some hotshot bigshot , have one point two kid , live in the suburb in a big house with no love to fill a closet , and retire to Florida to die like a raisin ? patrick yeah , what if do ? joe then go ahead . be like the Jews . have no more than two kid because it 's not economical to have more . make every decision base on money . raise you kid to base they life on the size of they wallet . raise they to worship the almighty dollar , not God . patrick no , dad , I should not raise my kid to base they worth on the size of they wallet when I can teach they to base it on how much booze they can handle without puke . Joe get up and crack Patrick . the kid run to they mom . joe you ungrateful , smartass prick . you get all the answer at eighteen , do not you ? patrick no , but maybe if I work a city fuck job , I will have all the answer at forty . Joe crack Patrick upside the head and knock he over . the kid scream . Patrick get up . he think about charge he dad , but decide to walk out of the kitchen and out of the house . the kid cry . Margaret shake she head . Joe finish he beer . CUT to : int . o'malley station wagon - a hour later Pete and Joe drive in the wagon . the White Sox broadcast blare from the radio . they drive in silence . CUT to : int . rabbi jacobobst brother' house - minute later Pete and Joe enter the house . a lot of people sit quietly . the rabbi 's brother greet they . jeffrey I be Jeffrey Jacobsen , Kenny 's brother . we be glad you could make it . Pete hand Jeffrey some flower . the room be void of any flower . Jeffrey look around for a place to put the flower . jeffrey I will bring this in the kitchen . thanks . can I get you anything to drink ? joe scotch . jeffrey I will check to see if I have any scotch . if not ? joe a beer . jeffrey I will check to see if I have any beer . if not ? joe you know what , I be fine . jeffrey you sure ? joe yeah , I be sure . thanks . Jeffrey look at Pete . pete no thanks . people sit on the couch . a picture of David sit prominently on the table . a handsome young boy . Joe work he way over to Mrs. Jacobsen , who sit on the couch . Mrs. Jacobsen , a pretty but plain dark haire woman , shake Joe 's hand . joe I be sorry for you loss , Mrs. Jacobsen . mrs . jacobsen thank you . Pete stand quietly next to he dad . a gentleman get up from the couch face Mrs. Jacobsen and motion for Pete and Joe to sit . they sit . small , quiet conversation take place around they . Pete and Joe sit quietly . rabbi Jacobsen enter the room with Danny . he walk over to Joe , who have stand up to greet the rabbi . Joe put out he hand . the rabbi shake he hand , but also move in to hug Joe . Joe move in unexpectedly for the hug . the rabbi pick up Pete and hug he . Pete laugh . rabbi my family be grateful to you . Joe nod . Danny wave to Joe . Joe wave to he . Danny look at Pete . danny you wanna check out my room that I be share with my cousin ? Pete look at he dad . Joe give he the ok . Pete and Danny take off . CUT to : int . danny's room - second later Danny show Pete he autograph glove . Sandy koufax ! danny my dad say it 's rare cause Mr. koufax rarely sign thing . pete yeah . be he good ? danny I think so . Danny hand Pete another glove . danny this be my brother . you wanna play catch ? pete in the house ? Danny grab a tennis ball . danny yeah . it 's just a tennis ball . pete sure . Danny fire a strike . pete how would you lose you hair ? danny leukemia . it 's cancer . I take this medicine that make I lose my hair . pete do it hurt ? danny no . the hair just fall out . I use to have black hair . pete I have get red hair . danny my friend Charlie 's get red hair . they throw the ball back and forth . pete I be sorry about you brother . danny thanks . you know , since my cancer , he do not beat I up as much . we have fun together . do you have any brother ? pete four older brother . danny wow . you must get you butt kick ? Pete nod . pete my older sister 's worse . my brother just punch I in the gut . she pull my hair . that hurt . I wish I be bald then . Danny smile . pete be the fire scary ? danny I do not know what happen . David be watch cartoon in the tv room . I be upstairs play baseball . and then I notice a lot of smoke . I open my door but there be a lot of fire . I try to open my window , but I could not . I could not see the fire anymore because the smoke get so thick . and then you dad come in . he save my life , I think . it be nothing like the fire drill you do in school . pete where do you go to school ? danny briarwood . how ' bout you ? pete Holy Cross . go into third grade . danny I be go into second . I miss a lot of first grade with all of the chemotherapy . that 's what they call the cancer medicine . the boy throw the ball back and forth . pete what 's it like to be jewish ? danny I do not know . good . pete I be Catholic . danny what 's that like ? pete noisier . danny thing be usually noisier around here . but everyone 's really sad . pete my uncle Jim die a few week ago . he be old . he be really my grandfather 's brother , but we still call he uncle Jim . danny I get a uncle like that . harvey . pete you would have think my uncle 's funeral be a birthday party . danny sound like fun . pete yeah it be . my mom say that people be sad because they love the person , but be happy cause they get to go to heaven . jewish people can not go to heaven . danny why not ? pete Cause they be jewish . God do not let jewish people in heaven . Danny 's quiet . pete if you be interested , I think I can show you how to get to heaven . danny yeah ? pete yep . I would just have to convert you . danny how do you do that ? pete I do not know . I have not convert anyone before . danny what can I do in heaven ? pete anything you want . they call it paradise . danny sound good . when can we start ? pete tomorrow . danny I get my last chemotherapy treatment on Friday . so that give we all week . pete Fine . let 's meet at you dad 's synagogue . danny ok . the boy toss the ball back and forth . CUT to : int . o'malley station wagon - later Pete and Joe sit in the wagon . joe Danny 's a good kid , huh ? pete yeah . his medicine make he bald . but it do not hurt . I be gonna convert he . Joe shake he head . joe leave he alone . pete he want to . joe but he parent do not . look , he 's jewish . his family 's jewish . if they want to be Christian , he parent would change . pete but it 's a quest . joe the quest have be call off . pete I promise Danny . we be meeting at the synagogue . joe well , I be break that promise . you can not go convert jewish kid the same way they do not go convert you . pete but he want to . joe I say no . no more lip from you . do not go to that synagogue and do not bother Danny or he family anymore . do you understand I ? Pete do not answer . joe do you understand I ? if I find out you have be go over there , you will get the spanking of a lifetime and be ground until you be sixteen . do you understand ? pete yes . the light of the local baseball field illuminate the night . Joe turn into the parking lot . ext . synagogue - next day CUT to : Danny , with he White Sox hat cover he bald head , stand outside the synagogue . different shot of Danny wait . Danny finally decide Pete be not show up . he get on he bike and turn the corner back toward he uncle 's house . as he pass a alley , Pete pop out and almost scare Danny off he bike . Pete sneak back into the alley . danny what be you do ? pete we quest have to be do in secret . we mission be now undercover . danny why ? pete Cause . danny what 's we mission ? pete to get you to heaven . danny right . how we gonna know I get to heaven ? pete we will just know . danny so what be we gonna do ? pete we get to set up some test . danny like school . pete yeah . but that test be not fun . what 's the purpose of make it to heaven if the test be not fun ? danny have you take any of this test ? Pete think . pete since I be Catholic , I do not think I have to . it 's just automatic . danny that 's cool . pete yeah . but you know what . for my first communion next year , I have to complete first communion training . danny what 's communion ? pete this piece of bread that be Jesus . danny and you eat it ? pete yep . danny Gross . pete I watch people eat it and they do not gross out . and my brother say it taste like wheat bread . danny not as good as white . so I should do the first communion training . pete I have not do it yet , so I do not know what it be . danny darn . pete but we can make up we own . the kid think . danny how about something like Bruce jenner and a decathlon ? win the decathlon , go to heaven . Pete think . pete yeah , something like that . danny and then we should have a gold medal ceremony . gotta have a medal . pete Communion can be you medal . danny the Jesus wheat bread ? pete yeah . danny I would rather have a medal . pete we can talk about it later . let 's go , we can not be spot . danny why can not we spot ? pete we be undercover . danny right . CUT to : int . elevate train - minute later Pete and Danny sit on the elevated train that run from Chicago 's north side to its south side . Pete look out the window . they pass a car wash . Danny look up and down the aisle . danny my parent do not let I on the El without they . pete Father Kelly always talk about a risk reward . I think you will be ok if you parent find out . we will just explain the risk be worth the reward . danny right . CUT to : ext . oak STREET beach - minute later the beach be pretty full . Lake Michigan 's wave crash weakly against the rock . gymnastic ring be set up at the north side of the beach along with a area fill with weight . elevated five foot above the beach be a paved area for runner and biker . pete if we see my sister , just start run . danny how be I gonna know it 's you sister ? pete I will be run . danny right . the boy look around . two teenage girl in bikinis walk past they . the boy smile . the girl smile back . Danny do he best fonz impression . Pete laugh . pete Bruce jenner be faster , stronger , and can jump higher than anyone else . so that 's how we should do this . danny ok . I be fast . pete but first , you need to be baptize . my baby sister just get baptize . we all get baptize . I do not remember mine , but I have see picture . Danny nod . CUT to : ext . lake michigan - minute later Pete be try to pick up Danny by he ankle . he lift Danny up and they both fall into the water . Pete , determine to do it right , then grab Danny by the ankle and lift . Danny 's head , along with he shoulder , wade back and forth in the water . pete amen ! Pete let go of Danny 's leg and Danny crash completely into the water . Pete fall in also . they both wipe away the water from they face . pete I think it would have be easier if you be a baby . danny let 's get start . what should we do first ? CUT to : ext . oak STREET beach - later a series of shot . Pete count as Danny run toward he . Danny hang from a ring as Pete count he down . Pete and Danny talk to a man with weight . Danny try to lift the weight . he can not . Pete try . he can not . they take off some of the weight . Danny lift the weight over he head . Danny climb a small hill of rock . Pete wait for he at the bottom , about six foot below . Danny jump , hit the sand , and roll . CUT to : ext . oak STREET beach - later Pete and Danny alternate turn drink from a thermos . danny nine down . one to go . pete this one 's gotta be tough . danny some of that be tough . pete yeah , but the last one 's gotta be real tough . something that take strength , speed , and courage . danny I do not know . pete what can not you do well ? danny I be not a strong swimmer . Pete look out to Lake Michigan . a buoy signal the spot where the lifeguard do not want you to swim past . pete swim out to the buoy . Danny look for the buoy . danny I can not even see the buoy . Pete point to it . danny I can not get there . pete you be go to have to if you wanna win the decathlon . Pete and Danny head toward the water . pete look , I be not ask you to do something I can not . when I be you age , I could swim to the buoy . danny do I have to get to the buoy and back under a certain amount of time . Pete look at the buoy . he look at Danny . pete what do you think ? danny no . pete get there and back be enough . Danny smile . pete do not worry . I be here . and there be lifeguard everywhere . Danny start swim . he dip he head in the water and slowly one arm dive in the water while one arm raise out of the water . he bring he whole head out of the water to breathe , dip he head in the water , and repeat the process . halfway to the buoy , he try to pick he head up to see where the buoy be . he begin to sink and panic . his arm start to flail . Pete dive into the water as Danny turn he body so he can float on he back . Pete reach Danny and grab he . pete you ok ? danny I could not make it . and then I remember what my swim teacher teach I about float . but I do not think I could float there and back . pete no , I do not think so either . can you make it back ? Danny nod and roll over to he front . Danny start swim in and Pete follow he . CUT to : int . EL train - minute later Pete and Danny sit on the el. Danny 's deject . pete in one day you pass nine test . God 's gotta be happy with you . danny yeah , but I do not know how I be gonna pass the last one . that 's tough . pete look , we get all week . trust I . you can do it . danny I hope so . I really want to go to heaven . pete you will . do kid die from what you have ? Danny nod . danny the first time I take chemotherapy , two other boy and a girl take it with I . when they start I on it a second time , I be the only one . the other die . pete how do you know ? danny I ask . the nurse get all quiet . grown up always get quiet when they talk about death . pete not at my uncle 's funeral . danny sometimes I hear my parent talk about it late at night and they cry . I feel so bad . and now with my brother , my mom cry all day and night . I do not want she to be so sad if I die . pete no , I would not want that either . danny so if I can convince she that I be go to paradise , maybe she will not be so sad . Pete nod . the boy look out the window . CUT to : ext . lake michigan - the next day Danny swim out toward the buoy . he do not make it . he float and wait for Pete . he follow Pete back to the shore . pete I do not understand . you look like you be go to get there , and then you do not . danny I do not know . pete but you swim back to shore fine with I . danny I know . pete so what be it ? danny I look up to see where the buoy be , and I can not see it . and then I start to realize how far out I be and ... pete what if I go with you ? danny no . I gotta do it alone . pete well maybe if you do not look up . danny but then I do not know where I be . pete we will figure this out . CUT to : ext . lake michigan - next day Danny put on the goggle . but he still can not do it . CUT to : ext . oak STREET beach - minute later Pete put on the goggle . he look out toward the buoy . pete I can see fine . Pete hand the goggle to Danny . Danny put they on and look toward the buoy . danny I can see it from here . but when I get in the water , I can not see it and then everything start get really fast and I can not go any further . Pete play with the sand . Danny scoops sand and throw it . pete stand up . Danny stand . Pete raise Danny 's hand over he head . Pete then raise he hand over he head . he measure the difference . pete you stay here and watch I swim to the buoy . I will be right back . Pete swim out to the buoy . CUT to : ext . lake michigan - minute later Pete swim ashore . pete it take I fifty stroke there , and fifty five stroke back . one hundred and five stroke . danny so ? pete you problem be when you look up and you can not see the buoy , you get scared and panic . danny I do not get scared . pete yeah you do . danny no I do not . pete listen . all you have to do be count you stroke . you do not need to look up . can you count to fifty ? danny yeah . pete well , I 'ma little bigger so it 's go to take you a few more stroke . can you count to sixty ? danny yep . pete well then , just count to sixty stroke and then swim back . it might take you a few more stroke on the way back . danny I can do that . but I be real tired and I need to get back for my treatment this afternoon . pete right . tomorrow . tomorrow you complete the decathlon . CUT to : int . hospital - that afternoon Danny sit in a chair with iv 's stick in he . he 's watch the White Sox . through the door window , a doctor speak to rabbi Jacobsen and he wife . doctor this last treatment will weaken he immune system greatly . the red blood cell do not seem to be respond , so we upped the dosage . rabbi what 's the prognosis ? doctor I do not know . if this treatment do not work , I do not think there 's anymore we can do . mrs . jacobsen why ? be not there a stronger dosage or more intensive treatment ? doctor this be the most intensive treatment . and a stronger dosage would kill he . Mrs. Jacobsen go to speak but the rabbi grab she hand . he squeeze it . the Jacobsen 's enter the room . danny the Sox be get clobbere dad . rabbi they have be get clobbere all my life . danny mine too . the rabbi squeeze he wife 's hand . CUT to : ext . synagogue - next morning Pete sit in the a doorway hide from plain sight . the rabbi walk up to Pete . rabbi Danny tell I I might find you here . pete I do not know how he know I would be here . the rabbi smile . rabbi Danny want I to tell you that he would not be able to complete the decathlon today . Pete stare at the rabbi , hope to be able to figure out how much the rabbi know . rabbi you see , the medicine Danny 's take ... pete chemotherapy . rabbi yep . chemotherapy . it zap he of he strength . and weaken he ability to fight off disease . pete sound like bad medicine . rabbi yes it do . but that 's how doctor fight cancer . pete my oldest brother want to become a doctor . my mom always tell I to do my homework so I can be smart and become a doctor . rabbi it 's a noble profession . pete my dad think they play too much golf . and they charge like asshole . rabbi I hate to disagree with you dad , but he probably would not want you use that word . pete seamus say you can use swear word if you be quote someone . rabbi seamus sound like a fine journalist . be you oldest brother go to college to study medicine ? pete no . he can not afford college . rabbi Higher education be expensive . but worth it if you work hard . pete rabbi , when do you think Danny will be better ? rabbi I do not study medicine in college , but even if I do , I do not think I could answer that . it 's in God 's hand now . pete well , you be close with God . hopefully that rub off a little on Danny . I hope he get better , we have get some unfinish business . rabbi I hope so too . pray for Danny be all we can do now . pete ok . I will pray to Jesus , you pray to God , and hopefully somebody listen . rabbi that 's a deal . Pete jump on he bike . pete see ya later rabbi Jacobsen . CUT to : int . holy cross church - minute later Pete sit by himself in a pew at church . Father Kelly , 71 , snow white hair , skin cancer face , cantankerous old man , notice Pete and walk over . father Mr. o'malley ? be you lose ? pete hey Father . no , I promise a friend I would pray for he . he 's sick . father well , maybe I can say a prayer for he also . Father Kelly sit down next to Pete . pete his name 's Danny . he 's get cancer . Father Kelly do the sign of the cross . he close he eye . Pete stare at he . Father Kelly open one eye at Pete . father you finish you prayer ? Pete nod . father well , let I finish my prayer without you bother I . Pete stand up and walk toward the altar . Father Kelly watch he . father where be you go ? pete just check out how this place look from you seat . Pete take a seat in a chair to the leave of the altar . Father Kelly stand and walk toward the altar . father that 's my seat . do not mess it up . pete you get nervous with everyone look at you ? father I be use to be look at . pete you ever get nervous that you will not know what to say or you will forget what you want to say ? father no . pete how do you get pay ? father that 's between I and the IRS . pete do you get the collection money ? father no . someone tell you I do ? Pete shake he head . father do you need to get home ? Pete shake he head . pete you job 's to help people to get to heaven , right ? Father Kelly nod . pete how do you know if you have do you job good ? father well . I pray that I do it well . why ? you have any complaint ? pete you ever actually see someone in heaven ? Father Kelly shake he head . pete then how do you know if the people you be help make it to heaven ? father faith . pete faith ? father yep . believe in something completely without actually have proof of it . faith . I do not have any proof of heaven , but I have faith it exist . pete what 's the best way to get to heaven ? father by believe in Jesus and do as he teach we . pete how do we know if we be do that ? be there some test ? father life be a test . pete but then you need to die to figure out how you do on the test ? Father Kelly laugh . he nod . he open the altar and fill the chalice with host . pete do not you just once want to know if one of the people you pray for make it to heaven ? father in due time . Father Kelly finish fill the chalice with bread . pete what 's the purpose of communion ? father to have a piece of Jesus be a part of we . pete why do I have to wait till third grade for that ? would not that help I now ? father the Church believe that Catholic should fulfill a few requirement before they earn communion . pete Pete run like pass a few test ? father yes . pete so if I pass all the test , I get to have communion . father yes . pete thanks Father . you have clear up a few thing for I . off the altar . father good , glad the grill be over . CUT to : int . o'malley kitchen table - that night the family sit around the table . margaret rabbi Jacobsen want to see if he could stop by after work . I say fine . Pete 's eye light up but he do not want to say anything that would get he in trouble . joe this gratitude stuff be become intrusive . margaret if the only fault you can find with a person be that they go overboard with kindness and gratitude , I can live with that . katie I too . joe yeah . yeah . ( to Patrick 's chair ) where 's knucklehead ? katie he say he would be home late for dinner . joe oh yeah . do he say why ? katie he tell I to mind my own business . joe he 's probably sit on he ass read a book in that lifeguard tower . where the other ? seamus : Tommy and Eddie have a game up north . another doubleheader . and Mary 's eat at a friend . the doorbell ring . Pete and Katie run to get it . Pete let Katie open the door . rabbi Jacobsen stand with a tray of rugala , a jewish pastry . rabbi hello . I know Pete , and whom may I ask be you ? Katie put she hand out . the rabbi go to shake she hand but she put she hand out to take the tray . rabbi this might be too big for you . katie I handle bigger trays than that in the kitchen . how do you think I feed eight kid ? the rabbi nod and hand the dish to Katie . she carry it into the kitchen . pete how 's Danny do ? rabbi he 's do better . still not ready to play but he say to say hi and he will stop by to see you when he can play again . Pete look back to see if he dad hear that . he do not . pete come on in . we be just eat dinner . the rabbi follow Pete into the kitchen . seamus sit eat he potato . he stand up and shake the rabbi 's hand . seamus rabbi Jacobsen . rabbi seamus . Nice to see you . Joe stand up and shake the rabbi 's hand . the rabbi walk over and say hello to Margaret and pat little Molly on the head . margaret would you like some dinner ? there 's plenty . the rabbi look at the well slice piece of ham and huge bowl of mashed potato . rabbi no thank you . my wife know when I have be eat other people 's dinner . she consider it a form of adultery . Margaret laugh . margaret how ' bout some coffee ? rabbi sure . Katie stand up and walk toward the coffee pot . katie Black ? cream ? sugar ? rabbi two sugar . thank you . katie you be welcome . joe please sit . the rabbi take a seat at the table . joe how 's you little boy ? rabbi hanging in there , thank you . he just finish more treatment and hopefully this work . joe we hope so too . Margaret come back with the rugala on a plate . Katie hand the rabbi he coffee . Margaret take a bite of the rugala . margaret it 's absolutely delicious . the rabbi take a little . rabbi she can not get mad at I if I be eat she own stuff . rugala , a jewish pastry . my favorite . Margaret hand the rugala out to the boy and Joe . they be all very happy . joe so what 's go on ? rabbi well , remember when I tell you that my congregation will want to formally thank you for you bravery . joe there 's no need , rabbi . and that 's the end of that . rabbi well , maybe Margaret and you would like to talk about it more in private ? Joe look at the boy . seamus 's busy eat he rugala and Pete stare at the rabbi . joe that 's ok . rabbi well , you personally show bravery beyond the call of duty when you save Danny , and if it be not for the gas pipe blow up , you be go back in against the wish of you partner . Joe be embarrassed and quiet . rabbi the firemen save the fire from spread and many of the people from my temple live in that neighborhood . Patrick enter the front door . he walk into the kitchen . margaret Patrick , I would like you to meet rabbi Jacobsen . rabbi Patrick , you brother Peter have tell I much about you . Nice to meet you . they shake hand . patrick Nice to meet you , rabbi . I be sorry for you loss . rabbi thank you . well , Patrick , I be just tell you father that my temple would like to say thank you to he . and it might interest you . Patrick sit down . rabbi Pete have tell I of you wish to go to college and study medicine . Patrick look at Pete . Joe look at Pete . Pete know he dad 's look be not the same as Patrick 's and Pete look down . rabbi my temple give educational scholarship to deserve student , and the scholarship board have recommend Patrick for a full scholarship to a state university . Patrick 's jaw drop . Margaret sit shocked and Joe stand up . joe rabbi Jacobsen , that be a extremely kind offer , but one that we cannot accept . Patrick look at Joe and tear form in he eye . rabbi it would mean a lot to we congregation and personally to my family if you would accept it . joe other man risk they life that day and every other day . rabbi we understand that . but , to be frank , it 's more personal than say give the fire department a sculpture in gratitude . you fire chief approve it . joe you speak to my boss ? rabbi yes . we want to make sure it be within the rule . the scholarship board can only grant one scholarship , and when Pete tell I of Patrick 's desire , I recommend Patrick . joe I imagine they want to give it to he in a big ceremony ? rabbi yes , I would imagine so . I think it would be a good public gesture . joe free publicity for the temple . Patrick stand up at that last comment . margaret Joe ! joe rabbi , thank you for stop over . the rabbi my son Pete have a big mouth , and my family do not need you handout . we thank you for you kindness . patrick you can not do this to I . joe you will shut you mouth . stand from the table . he thanks Margaret and Katie for the coffee . the rabbi door . the rabbi Joe look rabbi I do not mean to cause any harm . margaret rabbi , you have be anything but harmful . thank you . pat Pete and seamus on the head . he head for the rabbi Mr. o'malley . I do not intend for this to be think of as a handout or a payout . but I do hope it would serve as a steppingstone for we two community to come together . have a good night . walk out the front door . patrick you be so proud that you will not let I accept it . joe you have do nothing to deserve it . it 's a publicity stunt . margaret it be not a publicity stunt . it be return a act of kindness with a act of kindness . pete dad , the rabbi be the nicest man in the world . at Pete furiously . joe you have a big mouth . you tell the rabbi that we do not have enough food to eat ? maybe he will set up a food drive for we family ? pete I never say that . we talk a lot . joe I think I tell you to leave that people alone ? Pete stay quiet . Pete put joe you have be go to the temple ? he head down . joe you disobey my order . pete I be on a quest . to get Danny to heaven . and we be almost there . joe on a quest for heaven ? by disobey I , all you have do be put yourself on the road to hell . go to you room and do not come out ' till I tell you to . Pete start to cry . margaret Joe ! pete I be just try to do the right thing . joe ( to Margaret ) he disobey my word . ( to Pete ) the right thing ? you be not even eight . you do not know what the right thing be . you know what I tell you , and what you mother tell you . jewish people believe in they own thing . they do not go to heaven . and neither do Christians who disobey they father . now get upstairs . now ! Pete walk up the stair . Joe walk into the kitchen and grab a beer . Patrick follow he . patrick I be go to see the rabbi myself and work out a deal . joe over my dead body . do you understand it 's not about you ? it 's not about kindness . it 's about good publicity . the Jews help out a poor irish Catholic family and they get on the news and the people think , how nice be it that the Jews share they money . patrick why be you so cynical ? you be too proud to take a handout ? joe too proud ? maybe a little pride would not hurt you . instead of sit there with you hand out , maybe if you take pride in a little hard work , you would understand . patrick there you go again . I work hard . my dad work hard . you will work hard . I will work hard . at school . to get a good job . joe bullshit ! we be not discuss this anymore tonight . I do not spend my day at the beach . I be tired ! Patrick begin to speak . Joe get in he face and put he finger in Patrick 's face . joe no more ! no more ! Patrick storm out of the kitchen . he stop to look at he mother , who hold Molly in she arm . patrick how can you just stand there ? you be marry to a asshole and you just stand there like this innocent bystander . Joe rush into the live room . joe you will not speak to you mother like that . get the hell out of my house . patrick you house ? who want you house ? or you bullshit rule . Joe hold he ground though he want to whack Patrick . Patrick walk out the front door . seamus still sit at the table eat pastry . Joe walk out of the live room . Margaret , with tear beginning to form in she eye , look at seamus . seamus shrug he shoulder , take a bite of he pastry , and stand up . he put he arm out to take Molly from she arm . seamus : Mom . you know how after you send I to my room , you come into my bedroom and we talk ? I think dad need you to talk to he . Margaret hand Molly to seamus and kiss he on the forehead . she enter the kitchen . CUT to : ext . backyard - continuous Joe sit in he lounge chair drink a beer and look out at the sun set . Margaret pull up a chair next to he . joe honey , I know what you be go to say . and my decision about the scholarship be final . Margaret stare at the sunset . margaret you know , when Father Murphy marry we ... joe do not start with this crap . Margaret stop . margaret Father Murphy say ... joe Father Murphy be a idiot . Margaret grab the beer right out of Joe 's hand . she throw it against the fence . margaret I have get something to say and you will not interrupt I until I be finish . Joe shrug but realize this be not the time to fight she . margaret we agree on a partnership . and we partnership have be for you to provide for the family while I raise the family . but somewhere along the line , this partnership have get out of whack . you come home , the house be clean , you food be hot , and you kid be behave . you then bark order at this child like a drill sergeant . joe Cause they need discipline . margaret I be not finish . trust I , this kid be discipline . you think I run this house without discipline ? Joseph , the older one , they need more guidance than sterness . we have do we work with they , they now need to feel they can bounce thing off we . joe that 's a bunch of crap . you think I bounce thing off my dad ? Hell no . margaret you hate you dad grow up . joe yeah , he be a asshole , but I respected he . and look back , he do a great job . margaret but look back be too late . it would be nice for Patrick to feel close enough to you so that he could tell you he dream , tell you that even though he do not want to grow up to be you , that you be still he hero . joe that 's bullshit . margaret everything be not bullshit . I will not allow you to take away the chance for Patrick to pursue he dream . the rabbi be be generous and you think it reflect poorly on you . joe that 's not ... margaret yes it be . you can not afford to put you child through college , so you have decide that college be bad . you know what , I agree college be a waste of time for most kid . but not Patrick . he waste he first few year of high school , but the last two year he have work he butt off and he generally love to learn . that 's what college be all about . joe how do you know what college be about ? margaret just because I do not go do not mean I do not think about it . but I fall in love , have baby , and have not regret one thing about the last nineteen year . until now ! you will not squash you child 's dream because they be not you dream . joe it 's not about dream , it 's about what 's right . if Patrick really want college , he could have get better grade and earn a scholarship . margaret he do not take school seriously . why ? Cause he think it be a waste of time because he would work for the city whether he get a 's or C 's . but one day he wake up and decide that not do he best be not the o'malley way . and he learn that from he father . and he 's get nothing but a 's that day forward . and he will do the same in college . from a scholarship that he accept from rabbi Jacobsen , or so help I God , Joe , the only thing colder than you food when you get home will be you bed . Margaret stand up and walk back into the house . Joe be alone look at a sun that have set in the sky . CUT to : int . bedroom - next day Pete sit on the floor alone play the board game " all Star Baseball " . he 's busy spin when seamus enter . seamus you can not play that game alone . pete you wanna play ? seamus no. pete so I gotta play alone . I be crush you . seamus how can you be crush I ? pete I pick one team for I and one team for you . seamus grab the circular card and look at the team . seamus you have get Babe Ruth , Lou gerhig , and Reggie Jackson . I have get nobody . pete I give you harmon killebrew . and Reggie strike out all the time anyway . seamus this team be unfair . pete then we can redraft . seamus grab he bat and glove . seamus : maybe later . pete how long do you think dad will ground I ? seamus : who know . today 's only the first day . definitely longer than one day . seamus walk out of the bedroom and down the stair . Katie be dance in the live room . seamus walk out the front door . Danny be stand at the door . he 's sweaty and he White Sox hat be cockey . seamus : hey . how you do ? danny good thanks . be Pete home ? seamus yep. upstair . first room on the right . take it easy . Danny enter the house . CUT to : int . pete' bedroom - continuous Pete spin . the spinner land on nine , which indicate a strikeout . Pete laugh . Pete talk as if he 's announce the game . pete another strikeout for seamus 's team . Pete 's team , try to be the first team ever in the history of baseball to go undefeate , come to bat with a thirteen run lead . ( other announcer voice ) Jack , they be not only undefeate , but they have ten run rule every team they have play . ( back to original announcer voice ) good point , Charlie . Danny enter the bedroom . Pete look at he . he run to the door , look out in the hallway , push Danny inside the room , and shut the door . pete what be you do here ? danny we have get to complete the decathlon . pete we can not . you gotta get outta here . danny we have to . I know I can do it . pete I be ground forever because of you . if my dad see I with you , I would be ground to infinity . danny I would be ground to infinity if my parent know I be here . they think I be napping . pete I can not . danny I might not have another chance for awhile . I hear my mom talk to the doctor this morning . I think they be go to put I back in the hospital . pete listen . I be not go to disobey my dad again . danny you tell I about risk / reward . the risk be worth it . pete no it 's not . danny yes it be . I gotta be able to tell my parent I be go to heaven . they need to know I be happy in paradise . pete you wanna know the truth ? Danny nod . pete you can not go to heaven . it 's out of bound , off limit , to Jews . there 's nothing you can do . Danny shake he head . danny but you say . pete I be wrong . the only thing that I do be put myself on the road to hell with you . Danny scream . danny no , you say if I finish the decathlon , I be go to heaven . Pete grab Danny . pete you gotta go home . you be go to get I into trouble , and then I be go to hell for sure . Danny open the door and leave the bedroom . Pete lay down on the floor . pete ( announcer ) that be a brief rain delay . Pete 's team come to bat . Pete place a circular card into the spinner . he can not position the card into the spinner . he throw the game across the room . CUT to : ext . oak STREET beach - a hour later it be overcast at the beach with the usual Chicago wind whipping off the wave of Lake Michigan . the beach be quiet , with just a few people run and bike . Danny put on he goggle . the wave be a little rougher today . he walk into the water . he dive in . like a windmill , he arm splash in and out of the water . danny one. two . Three . four. Danny continue to count he stroke . he break through the initial group of wave , but beyond the wave the water be choppy . the lifeguard in the tower look out toward the lake . from he view , Danny be not visible . Danny 's head barely bob out of the water as he swim . danny fifty five . fifty six . fifty seven . fifty eight . fifty nine . sixty . Danny look up to see where the buoy be . he take in some water . he think he see the buoy but take in more water . he flip to he back and float . he cough up what water he can . when he calm down , he turn he head slowly to check for the buoy . he see it not too far off in the distance . he flip himself over , take a little water , and begin to swim toward the buoy . he count he stroke . danny sixty one . sixty two . sixty three . sixty four . sixty five . sixty six . sixty seven . sixty eight . sixty nine . seventy . seventy one . Danny 's hand grasp the buoy . he look up at the buoy . the water splashes off the buoy onto Danny . Danny flip over and float on he back . a big smile cross he face . danny seventy one stroke . and a little more on the way back . I can do it . Danny float on he back . he turn over and begin to swim toward the shore . CUT to : int . o'malley house - a few night later Pete walk down the stair . Joe pass the stair on the way to the front door . he look at Pete but do not say anything . Joe walk out the front door . Pete head toward the kitchen . Patrick run past Pete and also head out the front door . Mary take a cry Molly out of the kitchen . Margaret clean off Molly 's high chair . pete hey Mom . margaret hi honey . pete where be dad and go ? margaret they have some business to take care of . pete Patrick 's get a job ? Margaret bend down and fix Pete 's hair . margaret always so busy worry about everyone else 's business . that 's from my side of the family , you know ? pete yeah . dad tell I I get a lot from you side of the family . margaret that 's right . you sweetness , you humor , and definitely you nose . pete so you think dad will end my ground ? margaret be you sorry for disobey you dad ? and lie to you mom ? pete it be not really a lie . I tell you I be go out to play . margaret but you forget to mention you be go to Lake Michigan and swim with Danny . Pete nod . pete I be sorry . it 's just ... it be a quest ... and on a quest you have to take risk . margaret lying to you mother be not a risk . it 's wrong . pete I know . can you talk to dad and put a good word in for I ? Margaret nod . Pete slowly head out of the kitchen . margaret how do you quest end up ? pete not good . I have to give it up . margaret you know , the way you go about you quest be wrong , sneaking to the beach and such , but the quest itself , it be good . pete but dad say ... margaret sometimes , even dad 's be wrong . pete easy for you to say . he can not ground you . margaret do not give up you quest . pete how do you know the quest be good ? margaret I have faith . Pete nod and walk out of the kitchen . CUT to : int . synagogue - minute later rabbi Jacobsen sit at he desk . he be hurriedly shuffle papers when he hear a knock at he door . rabbi come on in . Joe and Patrick enter the rabbi 's office . the rabbi stand up but be the rabbi not he usual effusive self . rabbi I be glad you come to see I but when we speak before , I think I would have time to talk . my wife call and tell I I be need at the hospital . joe be everything ok ? shake he head . rabbi Danny 's not do well . joe I be sorry . patrick I be sorry . rabbi I assume you want to talk about the scholarship ? Patrick nod . joe it seem . I think . it 's a opportunity for my son . rabbi it will open door for Patrick that would be close in today 's society without a degree . joe I just can not ... Patrick interrupt . the rabbi patrick we know it will and if the offer be still there , I would love a chance at it . grab he briefcase . rabbi Patrick , the scholarship be yours . you will make we all proud . patrick thanks . thank you . joe you better get go . we better get go . I hope everything get better with Danny . rabbi thank you . the rabbi show Joe and Patrick the door . the three exit the office and then the synagogue . they talk for a few more second and then part way . CUT to : int . o'malley station wagon - minute later Joe and Patrick listen to the White Sox game on the radio . joe luckily , the cub stink , or else a lot of White Sox fan would be flocking north . patrick never . there will be peace in Ireland before a Sox fan become a cub fan . Joe laugh . joe you be probably right . and that 's the way it should be . they listen to the game . a White Sox batter strike out with the basis load . joe but they sure do test we loyalty . patrick I be gonna work my ass off , dad . I be not go to be some pot smoking , sleep ' till noon college slacker . I be gonna do it right . Joe nod . joe I know . the two sit in silence as they drive home . CUT to : int . bedroom - next morning Pete be sit on he bed toss a tennis ball to himself . Joe walk in . joe pedro . pete hey dad . Joe motion for the ball . Pete toss it to he . Joe throw it back . joe seamus say there 's a big game over at Holy Cross and they could probably use another player . pete so can I go ? joe yep . Pete jump up from the bed . pete sorry dad . I will not disobey you again . Joe put out he hand and Pete shake it . joe I see rabbi Jacobsen last night . I guess Danny 's back in the hospital . pete yeah , Danny think they might put he back in there . I hope he 's do all right . joe it 's tough . what he 's get . it 's tough on a kid . and the family . pete I will pray for he . joe that would be nice . pete I will see you later dad . Pete walk out of the room . joe Pete ? Pete pop he head back in . joe the rabbi also tell I to tell you that Danny complete the decathlon . seventy - one stroke there , eighty - six back . Pete 's face light up with a smile . pete no way ? Joe nod . pete I do it in fifty - five stroke . joe that 's good . pete yeah , but for he age and size , seventy - one stroke be great . he finish the decathlon ! Pete walk out . CUT to : ext . church STREET - minute later Pete ride he bike down the street toward the park . Holy Cross Church be attach to Holy Cross elementary which be attach to Holy Cross field , where the baseball field be locate . Pete ride by the church and look up at the big cross at the top of church . he ride toward the field and see some of the boy play catch while other sit on the bench and eat sandwich . seamus scream to Pete . seamus hurry up ! Pete wave to the guy . he get to the field and hop off he bike . he walk over to the bench where some guy be eat lunch . the corner of Jimmy burn 's lip be cover with jelly . jimmy Pete , you miss the first game . you brother 's team win again . be you go to start play with we again . pete yep . jimmy the quest over ? Pete nod . Kevin muldoon pull out a ham sandwich on wheat . kevin ( to Jimmy ) Trade you my ham and cheese sandwich for you other peanut butter and jelly sandwich ? jimmy what 's you ham sandwich on ? kevin wheat . get extra mayo . jimmy I hate wheat . tastes like a sandwich on communion bread . Gross . Pete ear perk up at the sound of communion . he look up at the cross hang high above the church . he take off in a full sprint for he bike . he jump on it and head toward the church . seamus : where you go ? pete to finish the quest ! Pete do not look back . he ride to the church , jump off he bike , and run into the church . the church be empty . Pete run to the altar and grab the communion chalice . he take one , look at it , and put it in he pocket . he then take another one just in case something happen to the first . he put the second communion host in he other pocket . Father Kelly enter the altar from the hallway attach to the altar . father Mr. o'malley ? stealing communion ? Pete stop dead in he track . he slowly turn and face Father Kelly . pete Father Kelly . father what be you do ? tell I you be not hungry ? Pete laugh . pete no Father , I be not hungry . I hear this stuff be not good anyway . father I wish we would change bread distributor , but that 's neither here nor there . what be you do ? pete I have get a friend who really need a piece of Jesus . Father Kelly look perplex . pete ya see , he 's really sick and in the hospital . father we have people that give communion to the sick in the hospital . pete but they can not give it to he . father why ? pete he 's not Catholic and he 's only six . father well , that pose a problem . Communion be for Christians who have earn the right to receive Jesus and be of age . pete he 's earn the right . he pass the test . father what test ? pete test we make up to see if he 's worthy of Jesus . and he be Father Kelly , he 's as worthy as any Catholic I know . and just because he 's not old enough , well that 's not fair , because he may not live long enough to be old enough , and if Jesus do not want he to have a piece of he only because he be not old enough , well , that do not seem like anything that sound like the Jesus I know . Father Kelly stand speechless . father go give you friend the host . May God bless he . and you . pete thanks Father . you too . Pete run out of the church and onto he bike . we follow he as he ride a few block to the hospital . he enter the hospital and go to the front desk . pete Danny Jacobsen ? nurse room 4104 . fourth floor . Pete run to the elevator , jump in , and get off on the fourth floor . he look at the sign that point room 100 - 115 be to the right . Pete turn the corner toward room 104 . the hallway be empty . room 115 on the right . room 114 on the leave . and the room descend in order as you walk the hallway . the hallway turn into another hallway to the leave . Pete turn the corner and see rabbi Jacobsen in the hallway with many friend and relative . Pete walk closer and the sound of cry fill the hallway . Pete start to run . rabbi Jacobsen see Pete as Pete push through the crowd . the rabbi make he way to Pete . Pete stop before the rabbi , who 's eye be red and cheek be tear stain . pete rabbi ? rabbi ? I need to see Danny . the rabbi start to cry . he open he arm for pete. pete rabbi ! no ! rabbi ! I need to see he . I have get he communion . right here . Pete pull out the communion from he pocket . pete see ! Danny earn it ! he pass the decathlon . rabbi Danny pass on . he 's no longer in pain . pete no ! no ! he do not get he medal ! the rabbi hug Pete . Pete start to cry . harder . and harder . in the rabbi 's arm . the rabbi hold Pete tight . Pete break away and run into the room . nurse attend to the equipment in the room . Danny lay on the bed with a sheet over he body . the rabbi come into the room . pete I promise Danny , rabbi . I promise he . rabbi he tell I . pete the prize for finish the decathlon be a piece of Jesus . so he could go to heaven . rabbi he tell I . he want to thank you . he tell I that he will see you in heaven some day . pete but he can not go without eat this . rabbi ! he can not go ! Pete move toward the bed . a nurse block he . the rabbi gently grab Pete . Pete start to cry . the rabbi carry Pete out of the room . the rabbi whisper in Pete 's ear . rabbi God will let he into heaven , Pete . Danny have a good soul , and God will let he into heaven . the rabbi hold Pete in he arm outside of the room . CUT to : ext . baseball field - two week later Pete take a stick and clean out the dirt in he cleat while he sit on the bench . coach all right , guy , we need baserunner . Three run to tie , four to win . let 's go get em . the player scream . Jimmy burn pull he hat backwards . jimmy rally cap ! rally cap ! the player turn they cap inside out and backwards . in the stand behind the player , the fan , mainly parent , cheer . Joe sit with Margaret . joe last chance . I can not believe they not beat this team . rabbi Jacobsen and he wife spot Joe in the stand . they wave to he and climb the stand . Joe and Margaret move down to make room for the jacobsen . Joe shake the rabbi' hand and Mrs. Jacobsen . joe we be down three run . the rabbi nod . margaret we be very sorry for you loss . mrs . jacobsen thank you . the flower you send be lovely . a player come to the plate . rabbi I call you house and you daughter Mary say you would be here . joe yep . can not miss a game . rabbi nope . a base hit . the fan cheer . another player walk to the plate . rabbi how 's Pete do ? Joe shrug he shoulder . margaret he love Danny . but he 's a kid . they move on better than we do . rabbi we can learn a lot from we child . the next batter pop out to second base . another batter step to the plate . the rabbi field . the rabbi rabbi we send the check for the University of Illinois . this be the receipt . hand Joe the receipt . the batter singles to leave pull out another document . rabbi and this be the legal document that explain we legal responsibility . thirty page to pretty much say we pay room , board , and tuition as long Patrick maintain a three point oh grade point average . Joe accept the document and shake the rabbi 's hand . the batter grounds out . two out . another batter walk to the plate . Pete put on a helmet and stand on deck . Ball four ! joe Patrick will meet every requirement . this I know . rabbi I too . joe thank you . be you sure you do not want to do this in front of camera ? rabbi you do not rush my burn house so you could get you picture on the front page . joe I look around for the cameraman . I could not find he . rabbi a selfless act deserve a selfless act in return . joe thank you . rabbi thank you . the batter walk to first base as the other base runner advance one base . Bases load . down three run . two out . last inning . Pete pop the weight off of he bat and head toward the plate . he look into the stand and see the jacobsen sit with he parent . he smile . before he step to the plate , Pete close he eye . he open he eye and step to the plate . the pitcher wind up and throw the ball . Pete swing with all of he might and connect . the runner be off with the crack of the bat . the ball sail in the air and toward center field . deep center field . the crowd stand as Pete put he head down and run toward first base . the center fielder speed after the sailing ball . Pete round first base and look up . the center fielder dive as the ball look like it be out of he reach . the ball hit the outer web of he glove and stay there miraculously like a snowcone . out ! the center fielder catch the ball and the visit crowd erupt . Pete fall between first and second base and the home crowd let out a audible groan . the visit team run out to center field to congratulate the center fielder , who stand , show the ball , and smile wildly as he teammate tackle he . Jimmy burn walk over to Pete and help he up . Joe watch wide eye from the stand a Margaret cover she face in disbelief . the rabbi pat Joe on the back . Pete walk back to the bench as he teammate and coaches console he . Pete look up into the stand quietly . CUT to : ext . ballpark - minute later Pete walk out to the stand where he parent and the jacobsen wait for he . Margaret want to hug he but know that a hug from Mom in public be not what he want . he look to she wide eye and she smile . margaret you give it you best shot . pete yep . Joe pat he on the back . joe you give that ball a ride , son . I have never see you hit a ball so well . Pete nod . rabbi Jacobsen put he hand out . Pete shake it . rabbi Nice try , Pete . Nice try . pete thanks rabbi . hi , Mrs. Jacobsen . Mrs. Jacobsen smile and hug Pete . Pete look at he mom and she give he the ok sign . Pete hug Mrs. Jacobsen . mrs . jacobsen I baked you some of that rugala you like so much . it 's in the car . Pete smile . margaret I will come with you to get it . I would love to know you recipe . Margaret and Mrs. Jacobsen walk toward the parking lot . another parent walk over to talk to Joe . Pete stand alone with the rabbi . pete how 's everything go ? rabbi well . and with you ? pete I really think I hit that one over he head for a grand slam . rabbi you will . pete you know how you say Danny be in heaven ? the rabbi nod . pete he 's not . the comment stagger the rabbi . Joe look over . pete I pray to Danny before I hit that ball . I pray to he in heaven to help I hit a grandslam . the rabbi nod . pete he 's not in heaven to answer my prayer , rabbi . I think you should know . rabbi Peter , we prayer be not answer in we time , but in God 's time . pete no. rabbi . Danny say he would answer my prayer to let I know he be in heaven . I give he two week till I pray . he do not answer my prayer . the rabbi be visibly hurt . Joe walk over . joe everything ok ? the rabbi nod . rabbi yes . I better get go . I have temple in a few hour . it be nice to see you . the rabbi turn and walk toward the parking lot . Joe look at Pete . Pete turn and walk toward the bench where some of the player be still sit . Joe watch the rabbi walk to the parking lot . CUT to : ext , o'malley backyard - later Pete stand in the backyard throw the ball to the dog . in the background , in the kitchen , Joe hand Patrick the legal document state the rule of the scholarship . Patrick hug he dad . Joe pat Patrick on the back . he let go and Patrick bear hug Margaret . the dog return the ball and drop it at Pete 's foot . he bend down to pick up the ball and throw it again . the dog chase after the ball . Joe walk outside . Pete turn . pete hey dad . the dog return the ball . Pete pick it up . joe let 's see you arm . Pete toss the ball . the dog chase after it . Joe catch it . joe Nice throw . Joe look at the rubber ball . joe what would you say to rabbi Jacobsen ? pete not much . Joe toss the ball . Pete catch it . joe you must have say something . pete I tell he Danny be not in heaven . Pete throw Joe the ball . joe how do you know ? pete I pray to Danny to let I hit a grandslam . I do not . Joe hand the dog the ball and walk closer to Pete . he sit down in the lounge chair and motion for Pete to sit down next to he . joe you brother Patrick be go to college . pete I know . he 's so excited . joe I never go to college . pete why not ? joe Cause I could not afford it . and I get a good job . and then I start a family . and I have to take care of my family pete that sound good . joe it be good . and you know what I have learn ? pete huh ? the dog drop the ball at Joe 's foot . Joe pick it up and toss it Pete nod . softly in the air to Pete . joe I have learn that you take care of family . no matter what you difference be . you be family . and take care of they be a dad 's job . he toss the ball and the dog chase it . joe you know Jesus be jewish ? pete yep . joe and you know God be Jesus ' father ? pete uh-huh . joe so God 's probably jewish too . pete ok . joe what I be get at , and I be just think aloud , but if God be any kind of father , do you think he would turn he back on he own people , the jewish people , and not let they back into he house ? Pete shake he head . joe of course he would not . just like I would not turn my back on you or any of you brother or sister . dad take care of they family . pete so what be you say ? Joe laugh . joe I be say , maybe Danny be in heaven . even though he 's jewish . I be say maybe when they say the kingdom of heaven can only be reach through Jesus , maybe what they really mean be heaven can be reach through be a good person just like Jesus . a eskimo at the North pole , who never hear of Jesus , who 's be a good person all he life , should not he be allow into heaven ? pete yes. but ... joe but what ? pete but then there 's no need for I to listen to the nun at school anymore . Joe laugh . joe you be not go to get out of Catholic school that easily . you still have to listen to they . pete but they be wrong . joe they be not wrong . they be just teach one way to get to heaven . pete sister leonora Mary say there be only one way . joe well then , you and I will have to keep a secret from sister leonora Mary . Pete laugh . the dog bring back the ball and drop it at Pete 's foot . CUT to : ext . synagogue - later Joe and Pete enter the synagogue . rabbi Jacobsen stand at the pulpit and he be speak to a quarter full audience . Pete grab a yarmukle and put it on he head . he look at he dad to do the same thing . his dad , reluctantly , put on a yarmukle . the two take a seat in the back row . the rabbi finish speak and the people disperse . Pete wait for they all to pass the last row when he stand up . rabbi Jacobsen have he back to Pete as he give instruction to he assistant . Pete head toward the altar as Joe stay in the pew . pete rabbi Jacobsen . the rabbi turn . he smile at Pete . he notice Joe in the back and wave to he . Joe gesture back . rabbi you clean up well from you game . what can I do for you ? pete do you have a moment to talk ? rabbi sure . pete you know how I have my quest to get a jewish person to heaven ? the rabbi nod . pete do you realize that my quest be just like you quest as a rabbi , it 's just that I call mine a quest and you call yours a job . rabbi I do not realize that but it seem to be true . pete well , my quest end with Danny . the rabbi nod . pete but you quest never end cause it 's you job . rabbi I think you be right . pete well I learn something on my quest that might help you on you quest . rabbi what do you learn ? pete I learn that just say you believe or just praying to Jesus be not how you get to heaven . rabbi no ? pete nope . Jesus be only a symbol , like a letter or a number . you could really use anyone 's name just so long that the person 's name symbolize be good . rabbi that be interesting . pete yeah . I think you might think so . my dad say I better stick to praying and act like Jesus because the nun would not understand as well as you and he do . the rabbi look up and smile at Joe . Joe wave back . pete but , my dad and I think if the jewish people do not want to copy the Christians by praying to Jesus , you guy can make up you own name to pray to . rabbi do you have a suggestion for a name that I can bring to my congregation ? pete Danny . the rabbi' eye fill with tear and he put he arm out for Pete . Pete hug he . and the rabbi squeeze tight . Pete let go . pete I think that might help you in you job . on you quest . rabbi thank you . it will . pete I will see you later . Pete turn and walk toward he dad , who stand at the back of the temple . Pete turn back to the rabbi . pete I almost forget to tell you the most important thing . rabbi what 's that ? pete that Danny be in heaven . rabbi how do you know ? pete faith . Pete smile and turn around . he walk to he dad and Pete and he dad walk out of the temple together . the end