stone by angus maclachlan revision by edward norton current revision by JOHN curran white script may 4 '' 2009 blue script may 12 '' 2009 pink page JUNE 18 " ! 2009 yellow page JULY 2 " 2009 stone 1970 int . mabry barn - day 1 the door slide open and madylyn , in she 20' , a petite , tart , taciturn woman hold a cigarette . her 4 year old daughter , candace , charge in . candace look , look ! jack , mid 20' , enter laden with a cigarette between he tooth . he 's wiry , strong , intense . Black hair slicked up and back . very sure of himself . madylyn good lord in heaven . it 's really fall apart . jack let it rot . God damn waste of space anyway . they glance about the huge empty space - as candace run around the rusting abandon remnant of a once thriving dairy barn , rattling off the wonder candace a tractor ... and lot of hay ... madylyn and Jack stand side by side in the doorway . they both take slow drag and then turn to each other and smile . ext . mabry yard — day 2 Jack and candace jump and run in the field of tall grass border the house and barn . Jack do a comic fall backwards in the grass - and disappear . candace giggle and try to copy he . madylyn watch - smoke . Jack and candace stare at the simple farmhouse and surround barn . jack this be my daddy 's house , he be a farmer and he daddy be a farmer teo . * oe ho candace be you a farmer ? jack Hell no . ext . mabry yard - day 3 madylyn snub she cigarette and bow she head . Jack lower he head but keep he cigarette in he tooth . candace close she eye but sneak a peek at she parent during the prayer . madylyn bless , ch Lord , this gift to we use , and we to thy loving service ... Jack open one eye and catch candace and bump he eyebrow and she laugh and shut she eye quickly . madylyn know what have happen and smile , without open she eye . madylyn ( cont ‘d ) in Christ 's name , amen . jack amen . candace ++. and amen . ext . mabry yard - day 4 Jack and madylyn sip cocktail . candace drag a rusting see from the barn , try to see a plank of wood . jack no , honey ... candace io can do it . jack nope . it 's old and rusty . candace please ... jack no , baby . no mean no . 4p madylyn Jack ... why do not you help she ? he stop she with a look '' do not contradict I . '' but she eye he evenly . madylyn ( cont 'd ) she want to try . he stare at she , more piss than he should be , madylyn hold the plank steady as candace struggle to run the see back and forth across it . the blade falis off . candace oh ... jack like I say ... he turn he back on madylyn and scoops up candace and walk off . madylyn stare at hi ext . mabry house ~— day 4 n Jack walk to the end of he long driveway . open he mailbox . a muscle car pump loud music drive pass - then slow to a stop . Jack watch the car slowly reverse toward he . voice +.. anything interesting in the mail today ?... Mr. Jack mabry . Jack lean into the passenger window - see a teenage girl and a man in he late twenty leer back at he . Jack study the man 's face , then smile , jack Walters ? Jesus . how long 's it ...? walter Three year next month . jack any violation ? * walter nope . none anybody can prove anyway . Jack smile . candace and madylyn have come over . candace can we get ice cream ? jack not now . girl C ’mon , get the little lady a ice cream . walter yeah Jack . show she what a big man you be . you know you daddy 's one hard ass sonofabitch , sweet - thing . I have to clean my ass with a cue — tip two year before he would write I a release . he laugh , a little too hard . Jack 's smile fade a little . candace clutches at he leg . candace daddy . Walters hold out some change . walter here ya go darlin . Jack gently push he hand back . madylyn watch he . walter . ( cont 'd ) what ? least I can do after all you do for I . right ? madylyn step up , pull candace to she . Jack put he arm around madylyn , kiss she head . jack ( look he in the eye ) you just keep it together , make I proud . okay ? Walters eye he back . smile . % ee ee 5 a walter Nice place . he wink and drive off laugh . Jack and madylyn watch . int . mabry house ~ candace 's room ~ night 5 candace wake and shuffles sleepily to she parent room . int . jack and madylyn '’s bedroom - continuous 5a candace stare at the move shape under the blanket . madylyn sit up , startle . Jack curse . later : candace sleep soundly next to she parent . Jack face away from candace , spoon up against madylyn from behind . he move into she and hold she tightly around the chest . at first madylyn whisper protest , but she breath quicken and finally she relent . Jack build intensity , fierce . candace sleep . omitted 6 in ?. mabry house - kitchen ~ day 7 Jack sit at the table read the sport page . madylyn serve he a drink . she linger , sip she own drink , run she finger through the back of he hair . he read , ignore she . almost unnotice , a bee enter a window . just a subliminal sound in background . int . mabry house - jack and madylyn 's bedroom -— day 8 madylyn tuck a sleepy candace in for a nap . candace I like you bed better . Ho ro * madylyn * it 's ok honey . * she sit on the edge of the bed and stroke she kid 's * shoulder , sip she drink . she stare out the open * window ... do not notice the bee crawl across the shut * screen . she move to sip and stop , hand tremble the * tiniest bit . her eye be wet , booze or emotion ... hard to say . the SOUND of the bee be just a little bit louder , turn into a vibration . 9 int . mabry house ~- live room -— continuous 9 * Jack watch golf in a chair in front of the tv . madylyn stumble into the room . she stand stare at he , at the back of he head . the sound of the bee bang against the screen be morph , * almost a tuning fork now ... madylyn slug the last of she drink , tremble . madylyn look at I . Jack glance at she . madylyn ( cont 'd ) I be not stand for this . Jack only semi break from the golf , half -hearing . look back to she in a glance , eye still on the game . jack what 's that , hon ...? madylyn you keep my soul in a dungeon . he look at she now ... quizzical . madylyn ( cont 'd ) T all leave you ... I be leay . he stare at she and she stare back . he get up and walk toward she , not fast but she retreat a step ... and he just walk past she , and up the stair . * madylyn ( cont 'd ) Jack , do you hear I ... 9 a suddenly madylyn race upstairs int . jack and madylyn 's bedroom - continuous 9a Jack push up the window , trapping the bee between the glass pane . he turn back and lift a sleep candace as madylyn rush into the room . Jack kick out the screen and hold there sleeping child out over the drop . madylyn freeze . jack you mean it ? huh ? if you leave I ... T will do it . madylyn Jack ... jack you think that I will not ? you think I will not !? his voice be like a punch but there be pain and fear in he face . the SOUND be rise all around madylyn , engulf , vibrate in wave . terrify . she tremble . and then she break . tear pour from she eye and she move to he with arm outstretch to embrace he . he place candace on the bed , and madylyn shut the window quickly , shutting out the SOUND . Jack grab madylyn in a embrace , almost sobbing ... jack ( cont 'd ) do not ever ... madylyn shhh , I will not ... I '' sorry ... he kiss she with deep passion , she 's wrap around he . candace wake and look at she parent . c.u . - the bee ... crush in the window , it 's last slow movement ... ee ed 10 11 12 13 ext . mabry yard - later that day 10 Jack and madylyn , stand with back to camera , talk quietly on the lawn . candace sneak up behind they ... 40 year later : int . church - day will madylyn , sing in the Episcopal congregation . she be in she early 60 's now , still beautiful despite weight of drink and time . she sing with conviction and feel . congregation ' praise God from whom all blessing flow . praise he all creature here below . praise he above ye heavenly host . praise Father , Son and Holy ghost . 's ah-men Jack , he hair now gray , have retain the vestige of unforce virility , but as he sit back down . in the pew he sigh deeply from a heaviness that he ride , and do not deal with . because there 's not time , and he have other thing to do . he reach over and take he wife 's hand in he , as the service continue . he seem unsettle - collar too tight . title : ' stone 's int . church hall -— day 12 Jack and madylyn mingle with fellow churchgoer over coffee and pastry . Jack greet people warmly . he share a laugh with a ex - con , pat he on the back . later , Jack and madylyn linger at they table with coffee . madylyn laugh into she coffee at something Jack say . int . prison cafeteria - day 13 the first thing you notice be the noise . chaotic . jarring . hundred of man , the collective energy of a riot ... a bomb . held forcibly in check but sparking off everywhere . stone , late 30 's , wiry and hard . in line for food . jittery , 14 8a . nothing move fast enough for he . his eye flick to the clock which never seem to move . his eye roam the room take in its chaos . sound fragment and disorient . stone aw , c’mon man ... his impatience be permanent . fundamental . purgatory . int mabry home - bedroom - day 14 Jack change into casual clothes . his demeanor neutral , maybe a little tired . madylyn sit on the bed and dial the phone . her face light up . madylyn candace ? it 's Mom . well I do not know if you recognize my ... madylyn laugh . Jack pay no attention , do not even turn around . madylyn ( cont ’d ) no , we be just back . you father 's right here , do you ..? ok. fine. 7 know . I know candace , but that 's my job , okay ? alright .. anyway , how 's my little Katie , what have she do this week ? she what ? 15 16 17 18 Jack leave the room . madylyn ( cont 'd ) ( quieter ) stop it , really . int . mabry home - live room ~ day 15 * a little later . Jack watch golf , one arm drape over he head . madylyn in the kitchen , make they drink . she walk over and hand he he . he take it without look up , * mumble thanks . * she go back and putter in the kitchen , hum . ext . prison yard ~ late afternoon 16 all the normal yard activity . cluster of man . conversation . basketball . Stone lean on the fence stare at car drive in the distance . at the sun get low . a inmate pass by . stone what time be it ? inmate fuck you time . Stone nod and then explode , attack the guy as we CUT : int . mabry home - bedroom - night 17 * Jack join madylyn in bed and kiss she goodnight . he roll over and he back make he grunt a little . she rub he shoulder a little , sweetly . he sigh and close he eye , int . mabry home - bedroom ~ later 18 * the phone jar Jack and madylyn awake . he answer it and listen . madylyn watch he face . he nod to she . she put a hand to she mouth and sit up . jack ( on phone ) oh , betsy ...1 know ... I know . yes , it be ... do you want we to ...? alright , we will be over in the morning ... we love you too . he hang up , affect . 19 10 . jack ( cont 'd ) Bobby slip away just after midnight , . madylyn oh , I be sorry , Jack . I be so sorry . she embrace he and kiss he cheek . jack well . finally out of he misery . madylyn that 's right . he 's in a better place . he lie down next to she . she hold she hand together and say a silent prayer . then she turn on she side and look at he . he lie stare at the ceiling . she wait , ready to talk about it ... search he face , read he feeling . he sit up . jack T want to ... ( sigh ) I think I be gonna look at my note . he get out of bed , leave she alone . int . church - day 19 Jack stand at the pulpit for he eulogy . jack ++- and I will not say be kid brother to such a all - american be always great . '' why can not you be like you brother Bobby ? '' ... if I have a nickel for every time ... and I should confess for the record ... that scar on he forehead , he tell a lot of storey about how he get it . but it be I ... I throw a hammer at Mr. perfect when I be eight , people laugh warmly . 20 ii . jack ( cont 'd ) he never tell though . he cover for the people he love , that 's how he be . and I love he for it . and I want to be like he . ( beat - he go off he note ) I want to say this ... where we grow up , it be not ... it be ... not everybody be ... without Bobby , I be not sure where I have have ... if I would have make this choice ... he show I how to live . what be right . he live right . ochoke up the smallest bit ) he live right . and in the end , what more could you want people to say about you ? madylyn have tear in she eye . ext . church ~ day 20 step of the church . mourner linger , comforting and chat . jack stand apart , alone , shaking hand look over at ... madylyn consol Bobby 's widow betsy . voice +- poor betsy ... Jack turn . frank , a financial advisor / insurance guy , early 40' , not afraid to do a little business at 4 funeral . frank she deserve better . you do not need that kind cf uncertainty at a time like this ... you give any think to ...? jack no. I mean ... yeah , yeah I be think about it but ... let 's see ... frank do not think too long . you retire in what ... three month ? ( talk quickly now ) all I be say ... that policy it 's peace of mind , sure , but when you be pension fund be down 40 ? ( more ) 21 22 12 . frank ( cont 'd ) you can cash it now for 70 cent on the dollar and we put it to work for you now in a bargain value market while everyone else be stand around like a zombie ... paralyze . like buffett say , '' when there 's blood in the street ... '' jack okay...okay ... this really be not the best ... frank sorry . I be just say ... retirement ... what do you want that to be ? Planning for death ? shit , there 's a moment here ... grab it and enjoy life . you have earn it . they look at betsy cry , frighten . frank ( cont 'd ) my condolence . ext . mabry front porch - evening 21 Jack and madylyn sit , sip they drink and look out on the gloam light fall , mid conversation . madylyn ( sip , shaking she head ) so many people , follow ail the rule only to find that what you invest in , what you work for , have not get you what you think ... too late to start again ... oh , Lord , she look at he . jack do not . we be not go to ... we be go to be fine . int , prison cellblock - night 22 the place be never quiet . Stone be in he back . even here , he 's impatient . for what ? ying on he 23 23a 23b 24 13. stone ( ander he breath ) c’mon , c'mon ... a guard be heard yelling . guard light out ! the light go out and a roar go up from the room of man . tone close he eye and sigh . get through another day . but he eye pop open , stare in the dark . int . prison ~ administrative office — day 23 Jack at work - a out - of - date facility . he move down halis and consult with co- worker on case . Jack have authority here . he be in charge . later - Jack be on the phone about a case . 23a jack ( on phone ) you have he report back to I as soon as he ...no ...no ... listen to I . it come to I first , get it ? okay . later —- down the hall from he office the secretary , 233 miss dickerson , be black , 60 and no nonsense . Jack strolis out to lunch with a couple of middle - aged CO - worker . jack ( cont 'd ) you be in charge , dickerson . dickerson snort . int . jack 's office - day - later 24 Jack listen to a very tough look black inmate in a prison jumpsuit . try to be persuasive ... sincere inmate +:. with Jesus and my family , and all the advice from you Mr. mabry , that social worker Ms. honeycutt , all of they , I have take it all to heart , you know what I be sayin 's ? and this be the God 's truth as God be my witness . I have change . he 's speak through I now . praise jesus. definitely . 24a 243 24c 25 14 . Jack listen , motionless . hater - Jack type at he computer , squinting and 24 hunt and peck and talk on phone . jack ( on phone ) another year and nothing to show for it , same crap , same line . I do agree , that 's what I be write . later - another inmate in the chair . 2468 Hispanic guy , young , 29 . look shell - shocked and tired . inmate I be ashamed of it but I be desperate and it be a plastic gun , man , it be a toy . I be never go to hurt nobody ... but , listen , I know what I do be wrong ... my mother , she feel ... she tell I she feel proud of what I have do to educate myself . I do not want to disappoint she ... so you know ... he trail off . Jack be lose in think , hardly listen . later - Jack at he desk write note . dickerson poke h@ac head in . dickerson warden want to see you . int . prison - warden 's office - day 25 Jack walk in , the warden behind he desk , early 50' , easygoing for a guy in he job , have a sense of humor but know the job ground up . he 's talk to a female facility supervisor , early 40' . they turn , drop something they be discuss . jack Janice . what 's up stu ? warden hey , shut the door , Jack . ( seem to have something to say , hold up a file ) deshawn Mackey ? your right ? you report ? be . jack yeah , why ? warden and Janice exchange a grave look . warden it 's a incompetent mess , Jack . look , I know you head 's already on you golf game , but this be a travesty of proper case work . he drop the file in the trash . Jack be dumbfounded . the warden and Janice burst out laugh . jack oh ... Jesus ... warden gotcha . Jack 's laugh now , the warden really laugh hard . he fish the file out of the wastebasket and hand it to Janice . warden ( cont 'd ) here , learn from the master of understatement . keep ‘em brief . Jack stop laugh , confuse . warden ( cont ’d ) I need you to get Janice up to speed before you be out the back door . so let 's pass she all you indeterminate eligible this year . Jack have to take this in ... he retirement suddenly real . jack okay ... I mean ... yeah , yeah of course . ( beat ) I no like to stay on my current though . see ‘em to review . warden hey , if you be willing ... appreciate it . Janice snatch up the file ~ Jack 's lifework — and get up to go . she pause at the door . 26 27 16 . janice hey . I be really sorry . Jack swivel to Janice ~ be she be a smartass ? jack Excuse I ? janice you brother . I hear . I be sorry . Jack , embarrassed , nod he thanks . int . correction CENTER bathroom - day 26 Jack finish wash he hand . stare at himself in the mirror , study he own face . int . jack office - day 27 stone sit before Jack , lean forward , jittery . Jack read the file . Stone be new to he . prefer Stone . Jack see no note of it .. George +. . dike in here ? no man ... what peop know I . ile . strane ing , go back Jack sense hi ibly nervous , up at you get ere oof * 17 . stone aww man ... jack relax , son . take a breath ... do whatever you get to do to settle down , cause I be go to get to know you and we be gonna spend a little time , okay ? stone I know what we be do . ... can I amoke ? jack ( not look up ) no you cannot . stone man , I quit anyway . jack read ) ou . I toc . stone not that there 's anything wrong with smoking , that 's all bullshit . jack well , they kill you . sowr but zt still kinda want they yway , you feel I ? jack yes I do . not Stone smile back and Jack appreciate the notice that despite the smile , Stone 's hand be stone pomean look ... heip I here , man . I do not belong in here no more ... I can not do three moxe ok or oe 4 % * '' +e L and Stone guard appear in the door immediately but Jack have see it all before and he 's totally unfaze . 18. jack okay , siow down . let 's talk about what get you here . tell I about it . stone oh man , why L get to say it again ? you get the fuckin’ file . jack Cause now you be mine . you move up . and just cause I like to chat . stone : tt 's just ~ we do it . ok ? everyone in here be innocent . least '' admit it . I have do my time . I get a job line up , you know . why i gotta talk about it + jack Cause I want to hear you side of it . nobody like to talk about it , but , listen , it do not matter if you do not say it well , just say it . stone aw , fuck this shi 't , man ! ig up and out of he chair knock it back . a jack ! leok calm it down , son ... reeson ... co stone you just set I up to send I back , so send I back ! can not do this bullshit , man ! jack Stone ... stone ! ( ali friendliness g . in about two pucking 's in tre hole and you the bottom of my pile . e} nds you go ll goe to stop cold , evaluate ... still stand . a oe * % + + er oe eh xox * + * ee he er HH jack ( cont 'd ) yeah ... right . you see that door behind you ? you know where it go ... back . you want to go forward ? walk out of here ? you want to find that door ? ( point at himself ) me. I be the door , and you go through I . you will respect I and this office and whatever question I deem necessary to judge you condition and suitability to enter the world you will answer to my satisfaction or you will take hard time serve . get it ? ( Stone neds ) good . now sit you ass down . Stone sit . sit on he fist and breathes , get contrel . Jack wave the guard off with a small nod ack ( cont ’d ) good. look , this be a process . we talk . we get to know each ether , okay ? just talk to I . pretend we be friend . relax . pretend . then maybe we can both get what we want . Stone glance quickly at he . he look beyond jac window behind he . the sky , and a cloud . ou 4 huge inner adjustment . de smile slightly a Jack measure he . stone ok , man ... jack ok. ( beat ) let 's talk about someth eah ? es ston mlaugh a little ) yeah , that have be good , jack yeah , okay ... ( look you be marri 19 . ander he hoe HH he hhh hk et ee + of ee Fe frr ek + 4 ee hoff 20 . stone six year . five of ‘em behind bar . it 's right there in front of you , shit ... I be - sorry - I ~ this be just nerve wrack , fuck ... jack tell I about you wife . stone sheee - yut . have you see lucetta ? jack no. stone she 's h-o-t , boy . she ' 's bang . but ' tween we , yo , she 's ... a alien . jack how 's that ? what ... she 's illegal ? give play it day to fuck ly ? you you regular st Saturday ? to do not I miss my dick she suck r'm hey , man , watch out Tim give you something to dream about so you can get it up later , ok ? lucetta dee anything , yo Fucking she tit , man , come face . ber bli man . it 's k 2 be dirty jus ss that shit . let I of # ? buddy ? be we buddy ? my numbex 's due . my time 's now ‘mm young , of of of hr ro + he a lh HH HH eh * 21. this , Stone feel he 's overstep and fail again . he pull himself in again , desperately . stone ( cont ’d ) aww shit ... I apologige ... I can 's even ... Stone pull it together . stone ( cont 'd ) you marry ? jack 43 year . stone sheeyut ... pause . stone ( cont ’d ) you and you wife still get it on though ? jack Excuse I ? stone that still work for you ? I mean I always wond like you deal with know ? be ' i you hip to astrogl tight pussy ? how 's jack iodo not talk with anybody about my wife like that . stone oh no , shi sor sainte , 3 wanna know . towalk around ... I be like a fuck volcano , man . I do not think I could survive ...or ... now mavbe you get that prostrate thing ... F do not know . * x a ee ee to a es oe 28 29 30 31 32 22. stone I be just ask how it work for you . how you keep the lid on it ? Jack look at he a beat . jack we be not talk about I okay . they stare at each other in silence . int . jack ’'s car - day 28 Jack drive home , news on the radio about the economy and layoff and corporate malfeasance flush people 's pension fund and all of it ... int , liquor store ~ day 29 Jack walk in and the guy behind the counter know he so well that while talk on the phone he just pull Jack 's two bottle and ring it up without even pause he call . ext . mabry home ~ sunset 30 Jack park and get out . a young couple be walk by on the sidewalk , arm on each other . not that Jack stop and notice or anything , they be just there pass through . youth . int . mabry home - evening 31 madylyn be vacuume . she do not hear Jack enter . she 's bend over slightly , she back to he . he stare at she a beat and then step toward she quietly , reach as though to grab she hip then she turn and startles hard , startling he . she laugh right away and he chuckle too maybe . int . prison — jack oppice ~— day 32 Stone in the chair again . second meeting . stone ok - here , um - ok , here it be . really straight . see , my cousin teach , he a want some money to score mett a we go to we gran fouse to steal a ( more ) * ol ok 23. stone ( cont 'd ) few little thing while they be siceping . but poppy , he hear we and get up , and we have word and he get he gun and threaten we , and then I be like , '' puck this " and go outside . and then teach , he come out later . ... and then the house get burn . Jack listen closely . stone ( cont 'd ) it be a tragic mistake I make but I have learn my lesson , Mr. mabry . and I have pay with hard time and I be ready to be out . can you make that happen ? jack we will see . we be just here ... stone look , I get a temper cause 1 get impatient with this yo 's and bein 's in here but it 's just word and soon as I get outta here that shit 's under control . Cause I be rehabi ated and no harm to anyone and cif the shit and cl for year , and I have do al ss and be no trou : all in the record . see , I get my wife and [ I have get a job with Chrysler at the mount #lliot line up ... jack who 's idea be lucetta set it up for I . jack not you job . go grandparent . teac cousin . you run to : time ? you follow he stone , buh ? pe ee a ho or ey of or oh he oe x % ee of 24 , jack who 's idea be it ? how do you think this happen ? stone it be teach . I tell you I do not ... I leave the fuckin’ house man . jack but you do not stop he , do you ? stone . stop he what ? jack no . you grandparent . from ki Stone stare at dack a long time , go cold . stone : ++. youtre not go to do it , be you ? deplete in some deep way Stone collapse , sit . Jack wait for he to respond . & ( cont 'd ) for do not know till cold I what he have tify the that . 5 ed be manslaughter accessory . and arson . half my time . jack in die in prison ? stone not fuckinag read ? gn death row . stone that 's right . of + rf ot + of ho er re of 25 . stone that 's in there , too . I see ‘em . I go inside and see they . jack do you feel anything ? stone feel ? jack you grandpare feel , see they ? how do you Stone 's eye start to water some . Jack see this . jack he use a kit 2 hackeaw ? you see th piece ? stone uh-huh . all over everywhere . jack what do you thi link , and glane what a mese . Jack wait ~ watch Stone carefully . jack «.: and then you kurned down the house . stone I do . that be my idea . yes ioset it . that be my crime . fire . Te cover it up ? stone I do not know ... 1 be high . jack you say you do not know what you be do at the time ? ee ee * of ee of * * 33 26 . Stone stare away . jack ( cont 'd ) answer I . Stone look back right at Jack . stone you get scared , a situation get away from you real easy . you know ? for just a beat Jack 's thought take he away to 's memory of something . hard to tell if Stone notice jack ff you be not careful , that 's true . ext . mabry front porch — evening 33 from inside music can be hear . madylyn and Jack sit sip drink . Jack be listen distractedly . madylyn +.. it say Katie be extremely smart and a good group leader but have '' control issue '' ... talk about skip a generation , ha . this school now , my God , a report card be like therapy ... she 's four , can you . imagine ? ( stop ) where have you go ? Jack look up , then away . jack dust a story I hear today . he shake he head . she look at he , expect the story . he 's silent . she turn away and take a hard drag . madylyn +++ be a while since you bring one home . she smile , look at he . after a moment or two she stand again , finish she drink . madylyn ( cont ’d ) you want a topper ? he hand she he glass . she go in . 34 35 36 37 27 . Jack look at he hand . sigh . jack ( to himself ) ah. Jesus the music finish . silence , jack ( cont 'd ) ( Calling ) you come back ...? int . pre - school - day 34 a CLASS of preschoolers play with the lead teacher , and she aide , lucetta : 27 , sexy as hell , free , fun , and womanly . the child adore lucetta because she think like they do . lucetta let 's make today a special day ! let 's do one nice thing for someone else , and not tell anyone we do it . int . mabry home ~ day 35 madylyn play poker with seven matron . lot of smoke , laughter , food , and skill . the phone ring , madylyn get up to answer . madylyn hello ... Excuse I ? Excuse I I could not understand ... this be Mrs. mabry ... well , you need my husband . it can give he a me - madylyn make a face , hang up , go back to poker . int . prison - day 36 Stone wait for another inmate to get off the phone , then deposit he quarter and dial . ext . pre - school playground - day 37 lucetta supervise kickball while talk on she cell phone . lucetta go on , I can hear you now . 38 39 40 28. int . prison — day 38 stone what time do you call , after work like I say ? ext . pre - school playground - day 39 lucetta talk and corral kid . lucetta she be sort of short with I . like she do not want to talk . so I just — Tommy ! do not bite ! we do not bite . stone's voice you gotta stay on it . lucetta huh ? stone's voice can you hear I ? lucetta I can now . be he nice ? can he - int . prison - day 40 Stone cut she off before she can say anything incriminate . stone do not - dust listen . y‘understand ? lucetta's voice sorry baby . I forget - stone find a way . keep on till you get a meeting , you hear I ? see if we can meet he together , too . call he tonight or tomorrow or tomorrow night or the day after tomorrow or ... luchtta's voice ( giggles ) ok . Stone watch a guard down the hall . turn he back to he . he oe 41 42 29 , the '' time ' 's up '' recording start in the phone ... stone offer to give he a blowjob . ext . pre - school playground - day 44 lucetta what ? Stone ? can you hear I ? uh. well , I be bring chicken tomorrow . see you - she 's be cut off . lucetta ( cont ’d ) shit , amber , do not hit Tommy ! no . we do not hit . everybody love everybody . int . prison ~ jack office ~ day 42 Stone back in Jack 's office . jack listen . all I be get at ... do you believe it be wrong , what you do ? stone do I know what I be do when I set the fire ? be I evil ? or be I out of my mind when I do it ? you want I to tell you about my bad childhood ? jack do you have one ? stone we all get one , right ? Jack crack a smile which make Stone smile . jack but you think you have change . stone you mean ~ be I go to set any more grandparent on fire ? jack be you ? 30 . stone nope . jack you get anymore ? Stone know Jack 's try to make a joke . he smile . stone one , jack well ... try to ... you know ... make a better effort with that one . Stone smile . Jack appreciate it . but then Stone 's eye begin to water and he turn away . jack ( cont 'd ) I be not try to be flip . stone I either . I be rehabilitated , man . jack why because you do the time ? and that 's it ? that make you ready ? you be a clean slate ? stone clean as anybody . clean as you . jack well. ( chuckle ) maybe . maybe not . stone so lemme ask you something ... I be serious now ... why do you get to walk around free and easy and I do not , then ? jack I be not convict of a crime . stone you never do anything bad ? never do anybody wrong ? barest hint of a pause from Jack . jack I never break the law . 32 . stone good , but you gotta get with he person to person ... promise I . lucetta I will baby ... I be on it . Stone reach across the table but do not touch she . the guard in the room look they way and start to call out . Stone pull back . stone I need you . I gotta have you ... you gotta help I . she bask in this last statement , beam at he . lucetta anything . I no do anything for you , baby . you know that . they watch the guard and play a game hand over a drumstick . he manage to get it off to she and touch she finger for one second ... she giggle and take the drumstick and caress it with she mouth slowly for he ... lucetta ( cont ’d ) qco , I love it greasy ... stone ohh ... shit . you kill I . you be so fuck hot . do you dress for I ? what you get under there ? she mouth '' nothing . '' he die . she squirm and giggle . stone ( cont ' D ) I swear , if he do not ... 2 do not know what ...r have to ... lucetta it 's gonna happen baby . stone if it do not I be gonna kill myself . he look away . lucetta ( frown ) do not even say that in joke . you be so close , ( more ) 46 47 33. lucetta ( cont 'd ) ( smile bright ) you want to play crazy eights now ? Stone 's gaze be fix on something . a family around a table with bible . the inmate read Bible passage with he girl and family . Stone look at the Guard watch they . lucetta ( cont 'd ) baby ? Stone keep stare , get tense . int . prison ~- library ~ day 46 Stone go to '' religion '' section and pull down every book he can find , pamphlet too . sit at a table and start to read voraciously . timecuts : some stuff be boring he and he can not even get through . something in a pamphlet seem to catch he attention and hold it . he read . int . prison ~ cellblock - night a7 inmate settle down for the night . Stone be read that pamphiet and a book at the same time , cross reference between they . we might see part of the word zukangor on it , and maybe the phrase " the Light and sound of God '' stone ( read softly aloud ) Light and sound be the twin aspect through which we know God 's Truth . the Light be consume Fire , the sound be terrifying but for one who experience this twin pillar , life become fresh and new again . through 2uk he be purify of karma , sin . he gain wisdom , charity and freedom ... he consider this ... stone ( cont ’d ) fuck . the light turn off violently . a roar of protest rise from the block . stone ( cont 'd ) shit ! I be try to improve myself here , motherfucker ! ! 48 49 50 int . mabry home - hallyway ~ evening madylyn walk down the darken hallway and be grab . hold she to he closely . surprise , she pull back a bit , think they be do , but he hold on . jack no ...just ... 34 . 48 Jack his head be turn away from she , she can not tell but think he might be cry . madylyn you ok ? he break the hug , look at she - then take she hand and lead she to the bedroom . madylyn ( cont ‘d ) you back 's ok ? he close they door . int . mabry home - later 49 the house be dark . the phone ring and a answer machine ' beep 's be hear . lucetta 's voice be hear . lucetta's voice hi. hey . this be lucetta creeson - I call before . uh - I be marry to stoney creeson , he 's - I think you know he . it hope it 's not too late to call ... what be it ? like 3:00 ? int . mabry home ~ bedroom ~ night 50 Jack and madylyn make love . lucetta 's voice can be hear from the answer machine down the hall . lucetta's voice T be ~ I speak to Mrs. mabry before but ~- uh , Mr. mabry this be for you . I would like to come talk to you about my husband ? it 's kind of important to we . 51 52 53 54 35 . int . lucetta 's apartment - continuous 51 lucetta walk around she one - bedroom with cotton between she toe nonchalantly naked , the phone under she chin . she check the clock : it 's 9:12 pm . lucetta Stone tell I you like to know people , that you be real nice and like to talk , or something . so I no like to . talk to you . I work morning , but - no - anytime that would be good for you I could arrange thing . I 'l ] call back but I give you wife the number so please call - maybe you be already in bed - she 's cut off . lucetta ( cont ’d ) shit. I hate that . I be not do , she fling the phone and sit to finish painting she toenail . sing lightly to herself . lucetta ( cont 'd ) '' how can I live without you ... I want to know ... '' ... who go to sleep at 9:00 ? she laugh and be pleased with she toe . she cup she breast admiringly . she pick up the phone with a sly , sexy idea and call another number . int . maery home - bedroom - night 52 madylyn sleep soundly . Jack be awake , on he back . he rub one hand over he face , then stare into nothing , think . int . lucetta 's place ~ bedroom - night 53 lucetta be fuck a man . hard , thrill . int . sry home ~ kitchen - morning 54 Jack and madylyn sit down to breakfast . Jack have he chin on he hand , listen as madylyn read she '' Daily devotion '' . 36 . madylyn '' , , , where would I be today if after fail I be not give another chance to serve ? ... how have failure bring I new strength and a stronger commitment to service ? '' ».. very good , she put it down and put sugar on she grapefruit . they bow they head in prayer . madylyn ( cont 'd ) bless , oh Lord , thy gift to we use , and we to thy loving service , and make we ever mindful of the need of other , in Christ ' 's name . amen , jack amen . madylyn lib say it rain like the devil out at she place last week but we do not get anything . do you out at the prison ? Friday ? Jack still have he head bow over he hand , eyebrow knit . the kettle start to whistle . madylyn ( cont ’d ) no rain , huh ? he do not respond so she stand to get the kettle . he stop she , hold she wrist . look up . jack do you enjoy yourself ? Arm hold , not look at he , she pause . she begin to turn to answer he . int . pre - school ~- day 55 lucetta surround by she class make a art project with empty strawberry container and twig . she finish hers , check she watch and call to the lead teacher . lucetta , amanda ? for get that doctor 's thing . 56 37 . lead teacher ok honey . everyone tell miss lucetta bye bye . the child yell out ' bye 's and keep work on they project . lucetta scoot out with she container . int . jack car / ext . prison - parking lot ~ day 56 Jack pull up and park . his pistol be in a clip holster on the passenger seat . as he get up out of the car and begin to walk to the building , he clip it to he belt under he jacket . because he head be down , he do not right away see lucetta : stand lean against she car up ahead . short dress , low cut neck . lucetta mx. mabry ? Officer mabry ? Jack 's head pop up and he stop as he see she . on jack 's face : as he see lucetta . she have a impact . jack i '' sorry ... miss ...? lucetta Mrs. creeson . I be stoney 's wife . jack ( can not hide surprise ) creeson ? lucetta call I lucetta though . please ! she smile and wiggle involuntarily . jack you here to see ... you husband ? lucetta no , silly I come to see you . do not you get my message ? jack yeah ... okay , look . Mrs. creeson ... there 's a way we meet with family . you go through the office . we assign a case officer to come and meet and gauge the home situation . 38 . she laugh . jack ( cont 'd ) what 's funny ? lucetta I be the home situation , how do it look ? she shimmy and giggle . Jack look around a little uncomfortable now . but it 's hard not to look at she . impossible . jack Ms. creeson , ( she start to say '' lucetta ... " ) } lucetta ... yeah ... call the office and make a appointment . lucetta but I just want to talk with you for a while . can not we just make a date just you and I ? you know how much this mean to we , please ... she 's step up to he as she say this and he back up . jack please , mar ‘am ... you have get to go now . or visit George ... ( she laugh ) Stone ... but we can not do it this way ... I be late .. really . she dig into she bag . lucetta I just want to give you this little something my kid make in class ... jack I be sorry , that 's not appropriate . he move to go but she block he and force it in he hand . lucetta it 's for the bird , see ? they make they nest . you stick it in a tree and they take they bit of twig and twine and cotton and they just make up a little home . 57 58 39 . she 's hold he wrist . jack okay ... enough . I be sorry . he go but he 's still hold the nest awkwardly . do not know what to do with it exactly . he look back . she wave big . she laugh and stand stare after he , smile . int . prison - security desk 57 Jack clear through , hand over he pistol to be check in lock box for the day . int . jack office - continuous 58 guard by the door . Stone already in the chair wait . Jack enter , flustered and piss . Bird nest / home in he hand . jack what the hell 's all this ? stone buh ? Jack chuck the nest on he desk . jack this . you wife . what do you get in mind , you two ? Stone look at he blankly . stone lucetta send you that ? jack she give it to I ! just now in the parking lot . stone lucetta ? she come find you ? jack yeah , I hope you do not put she up to this ... you do not want to play game with I , son . 40 . stone shit , I tell you lucetta do whatever the fuck she want , man . Jack look at he stone ( cont 'd ) ++- you check out she rack , man ? Jack remain stand behind the desk , study Stone . jack c'mon , stone what ? jack have some propriety son . he chuck the nest in the garbage and sit down , exasperate . jack { cont ’d ) Jesus what a week ... Jack be a little throw off he normal focus a bit . he just sit , thought jumble a bit . he notice Stone have a pamphlet and a book with he . stone you ever hear of Zukangor ? I be read . jack no , Stone pass the pamphlet over . Jack read ... jack ( cont 'd ) '' the Light and the sound of God . '' stone they say the sound come first . jack how 's that ? stone that when Truth come it come as a sound that put you back in harmony . like God 's tuning fork . ( more ) he toss 41 . stone ( cont 'd ) if you let it go through you , you see the Light - a flash of blue or something . jack oh yeah ...? E would not know about that . I be Episcopalian . it back . stone it start like as a vibration . like a electric light buzzing , or rush water . or a bee . jack yeah ? stone then it grow . that 's what they say . jack be that right . stone they say everything that happen to you be what 's suppose to happen for you , in order for you to advance ' cause life continue after death , lot of time . jack well ... that sound good . stone but there be not no fuck priest or nothing ... there 's some dude Arnold who 's like the %uk - master . jack Arnold , stone you suppose to find freedom on you own . they say when you do the practice and listen you can hear the Voice of God speak to all creation in sound . jack uh huh . and what 's the practice ? 59 60 61 62 63 64 43. int . church ~- morning 59 Jack and madylyn in line with the congregation , kneel at the railing near the altar to receive communion . ext . church - morning 60 Jack and madylyn greeting friend . Jack see the pastor and move over , confer with he , seem to be ask for something . they shake hand and part . Jack and madylyn head for the car . jack you go on . I ' 11 ] l waik home . she look at he . this be a first . she try to read what 's go on . ext . prison yard ~ day 61 the usual activity . Stone sit at a table read . he keep look up , make a tentative shape with he mouth , look around self - consciously and then listen . but it 's all fragment and chaotic noise . the same as always . int . lucetta 's apartment ~ day 62 lucetta , naked , squeal out of she bedroom run to the bathroom hold she crotch , laugh . lucetta let I just get a towel . God , int . mabry kitchen - day 63 madylyn smoke , sip a highball , eat alone , and study she bible , int . prison cellblock - later afternoon 64 the population flow by , noise everywhere . Stone on a bunk sit , new we can hear that he 's try to chant . 65 66 67 68 44 , stone heeeeeeyuuuuuu .... he listen . int . mabry home - afternoon 65 * madylyn sing along with music and smoke and read . she look at the time . 4:00 pm . she take a drag , stare into the middle distance . her brain be veer toward a think , aconcern . but she take a breath and shake it off . madylyn the Lord work in mysterious way . she go back to she bible . int . lucetta 's bedroom ~ afternoon 66 iucetta wipe up between she leg , on she back on the bed . a naked man walk out of the room . lucetta goddamn ! like a quart and a half . goddamn ! she squeal with laughter . int . cellblock - afternoon 67 Stone be chant louder , fight the chaotic noise . humming fiercely , if that 's possible . someone catcall at he and he break , lose he struggle for calm . stone shut the fuck up ! y'all be fucking * quiet !! int . pastor' office - afternoon 68 Jack with the pastor . Jack look drain , and un riable * to be there . * jack look , I have never really do this okay ? if I could just ... I do not * know ... it 's hard ... I come here every week and I have really try to ++- I do not know ... * 69 70 45 . he look up , he face strain and anxious . jack ( cont 'd ) I mean , look , people in my life ... my brother , my wife ... it seem to come to they ... easily . but lately I ... I mean , there be thought go through my head ... ( pause ) what do I do with myself , pastor ? he attempt a smile jack ( cont 'd ) maybe you should just shoot I . pastor ( smile ) I do not think that 's what he want for you . jack what then ? the pastor sip water . Jack stare at he . pastor ( shrug ) the Lord communicate in mysterious way , Jack . Jack stare vacantly at he . then he get up . jack shit. int . mabry home - day 69 the phone ring and madylyn pick it up . madylyn hello ? int . lucetta's apartment - day 70 lucetta , on phone , eat sit on the kitchen counter . tucetta and madylyn talk back and forth . 46 . lucetta well hi , it 's lucetta creeson . I speak to you last week . madylyn um . I be sorry , what be you name again ? lucetta lucetta creeson . I be look for Jack ... madylyn I be afraid he 's still - she hear the front door . madylyn ( cont 'd ) no - wait , hold on a minute ... Jack ? telephone . jack who be it ? madylyn friend of yours ? she be be light but he take the phone impatiently and she can see that he 's in a mood . she walk away but we may feel she linger in the periphery . Old habit . jack hello ? lucetta hey ! it 's I , lucetta . listen , when can we get together ? jack Ms. creeson , I do not know why you be call I at home .. I tell you to call ... lucetta I do not like office though . I can not be real with a person in some office ... something in he face , try to assess whether he 's read she right . jack Ms. creeson - lucetta lucetta , . jack my business be with you husband . lucetta ( giggle ) well that 's what I want to see you about ! do you think I have another reason ? jack no , it do not . but ~ lucetta we can meet for lunch . you could bring Mrs. mabry too . she 's get a sweet voice . what 's she first name ? jack it admire that you love you husband and want what 's best for he , but this be not go to help he . lucetta I do love my husband . I love he so much . all I be ask be for a chance to help you see he in a different light . how many man in that place you work have somebody loving they like that , do not that mean something to a person in you position ? jack it do ... do not misunderstand I . lucetta T just want he home . I want he arm around I . I want he in bed with I . I miss he you know . she pause a flicker . lucetta ( cont 'd ) can not I persuade you jack you be very persuasive . Jack be hold he breath without realize it . * 71 48. lucetta who 's it go to hurt ? Jack be bite he lip . lucetta ( cont 'd ) +.. Jack ? lemme come see you ... she wait , breathe into the phone . he stand freeze , stare into space listen to she breath . she can hear he breathe back . she smile and we CUT : ext . prison ~ visiting room - day 71 lucetta grin . lucetta get he . Stone and lucetta at a table . he be quiet . not as laser - ~ focus on she . she be giggly with excitement . lucetta ( cont ’d ) it 's gonna happen baby ! oh , and ... and ... I see Max Jenkins the other night and he 's still hold you job at Chrysler . or , he say whenever , you know , you be release , he all have one for you . so that 's good . but , you know , he 's a little bit funny sometimes I will say . stone how soa ? lucetta he say he be go to call I back and he do not . stone maybe he be busy . lucetta and you know I hate that more than anything . be dangle . ( look at he ) you okay , honey ? stone I be tired . 49 , lucetta I too . lucepta ( cont ’d ) what , can not you sleep ? stone too loud , all the time ... lucetta poor honey , I be poope too . stone how come ? lucetta I be tired ? I just be . I be up late . stone do what ? lucetta ( shrug ) and work . and stuff . I think it 's gonna be next Friday . stone what do you mean ? lucetta my date with Mr. mabry . stone that 's good , baby . Cause I be have this weird - ass dream ... lucetta ( flirty ) yeah ? like what ? stone one time - there be this dog , see , bark its fuck head off . and 1 yell at the owner to shut the damn thing up but they be a bunch of redneck - lucetta wait , this happen or ...? 50 . stone so what I do be , I feed the dog steel wool and glass in a cheeseburger . and that take care of it . lucetta ( stare blankly ) I do not get it . stone it take a long time . to die . howling . but then it be quiet and I could sleep . lucetta you dream that ? stone ( whisper ) I can not be in here anymore . it 's mess with my head ... lucetta nstop eat ) I know baby ... but we get a plan now . stone iwas try to kill myself . hang myself . in solitary . but I be too scared to die . so I just hang there , choke ... lucetta in one of you dream ? stone for eternity . he start to cry . lucetta be amaze and do not know what to she have never see he do this and she look to see if anyone be look . she reach for he . guard no touching ! ! she jerk she hand back . tries to be practical . lucetta honey , what would you have to eat that night ? 72 73 74 78 76 51 . he just shake he head , '' nothing '' lucetta ( cont 'd ) well you must have eat something ! omitted 72 omitted 73 int . cellblock - night 74 Stone in he bunk . chanting loudly . then stop and listen . chanting again at high volume , take deep breath and really hold it a long time . inmate fucker ! every fuck night ! puck kill you creeson ! guard pipe down ! 4 - C , put a lid on it ! Stone stop . his eye open , sweat a little . int . pre - school -— day 75 lucetta , surround by she student , be dyeing Easter fgg and laugh with the child . lucetta it be ! it 's the best time of the year . candy , and springtime flower ... child and bunny . lucetta and bunny . ooo , that 's beautiful , nola . int . lucetta 's apartment - evening 76 lucetta finish wash she face / brush she tooth and get into bed alone , exhaust , but happy , and turn out the light and close she eye . 77 78 79 52 . she open they again , reach on she nightstand and get a piece of Easter candy and eat it . then scrub she tooth with she finger to remove the chocolate , then get back under she cover and fall asleep , fast , smile . int . mabry home ~- bedroom ~ continuous 77 * madylyn have fall asleep with she book on she chest . Jack 's side of the bed be turn down , but not sleep in . his light be on . her bedside clock read 3:58 am . ext . mabry home ~ front porch ~ night 78 * Jack sip a highball and smoke a illicit cigarette . first one he 's have in year . he can not control where he mind be go . he look at the cigarette and throw it down in disgust . jack stupid son of a bitch . ext . prison parking lot ~ picnic area 73 * lucetta sit across a picnic table from Jack . she 's get some * Easter egg she bring . Jack glance around at fellow employee at adjacent table , a * little uncomfortable . he turn back to lucetta , who sit * stare at he with a warm smile , invite . jack {( plurt out } * I get a grandchild . lucetta ( smile ) do you ? jack four year old . Katie . * lucetta cute ? jack yes she be . lucetta i’7ll bet. ( flirt ) she look like you ? jack oh no , hell no . lucetta T bet she love you though , see she much ? jack no . no. candace do not really - that 's my daughter . she ... they live upstate . we do not see they much . she begin to peel another egg . he watch she hand . jack ( cont 'd ) she 's get divorced . my daughter be . mistake from day one , you know . i say so , but .... you know , you can not help ... when you see someone 's life go all to heil ? and she will not even ~ well . what be you go to do ? lucetta shrug , smile . jack ( cont 'd ) people do what they be gonna do . maybe nobody can really help anybody . lucetta I do not believe that at all . she 's look dead at he , right at he eye . Jack shift for the pain in he back . lucetta ( cont ’d ) be you in pain ? jack just my back . lucetta from play ball ? or like , from some war ? jack just life . ( beat ) look , I do not want you to get you hope up ? he 's lose . Jack nod 54 , lucetta ( smile ) about what ? jack what I can do for you ~ for Stone . there 's a whole system ... lucetta have you try magnet therapy ? lucetta ( cont ‘d ) for you back . this magnet you wear and stuff ? jack magnet ? lucetta you should come over to the house sometime cause I get this insole this guy sell I and I wear ‘em in my shoe and I do not get tired at school or anything . jack huh . lucetta and then sometimes I put ‘em under my pillow when I go to sleep . jack yeah ? what do that do ? lucetta oh , you know we nre all toxic . it 's all the microwave and cell phone go through the air , all that stuff that we can not see . politely . lucetta ( cont ‘d ) thing build up inside you . and it make you achy and upset and can give you brain tumor . really . it kill people . and this magnet detox you . 80 55 . jack wow . that 's ... lucetta it 's real . I believe in it . you do not believe it ? jack I do not know , I guess . lucetta it 's real . for I it 's all about the body , you know ? when you body feel good , you head just follow . absolutely . Egg ? she offer the peel egg . he hesitates . lucetta ( cont ‘d ) my kid do ‘em . now I be stick with ‘em so I get to eat ‘em all . Salt or pepper ? jack ( smile a little ) Salt and pepper . they be nice . she sprinkle some of each on top and then gently blow the excess off . hand it to he . he eat it , awkward , self conscious as she watch . lucetta well do not be shy , just eat the whole thing . he pop the whole thing in he mouth and pretend to swallow , hold it in he cheek . she gasp and then he bring it back out between he tooth and she laugh hard ... she hold out second egg , wave it at he . lucetta ( cont 'd ) you want some more ? ext . mabry home - front porch ~ evening 80 madylyn sit on the porch , rock and drink a highball and listen to music float from inside . she smoke . smile at the evening wait for Jack . a beetle in the grass buzy its wing . 81 82 56 . a low hum blend inte ... int . lucetta 's apartment ~ evening 81 hum of the refrigerator in lucetta 's place . the camera slide along to find ... Jack and lucetta stand a few foot apart . Jack stand with he foot slightly wide , still . and she watch he intently . his eye be close . lucetta feel anything ? jack um. lucetta a tingling ? jack +.. no ... I do not think I ... lucetta a pull ? I be tell you this be go to change you life ... she move to he , sway to the music . by close , Jack feel she presence . she be ease closer to he and hand he a beer and sip she own . int , prison - cellblock ~- evening 82 low hum of a florescent light , buz ... stone be on he bunk . the block be empty because it 's dinner time . he 's sit with he shirt off , read Zuk ~ sweat . rocking . he look rag . two guard approach . start to unlock door . guard # 1 creeson , let 's go , two day you be not be to chow . you look like shit . no answer . they lean down to help ease he up . stone leave I alone ... 83 84 57 . guard # 2 c'mon . infirmary . int . lucetta 's apartment ~ evening 83 the hum es a little louder now , almost vibrate . lucetta get closer to Jack . Jack scoot he foot around some , try to feel the magnetic insole 's effect . lucetta it 's not dramatic . just a sense . jack maybe . yeah . a little something . she smile , aware of the effect she have on he . she come so close she body be against he side - still sway to the music . lucetta you can borrow they . jack could not hurt . I guess . lucetta nothing wrong with feel right . right ? int . prison - hallway / holding room / common area - evening 84 guard # 2 unlock a door into a hold area . Stone g! down the hallw act nees y and notice two white inmate on work detail angely , look past he . he turn follow they look to : a black inmate approach in the opposite direction , push a linen cart . Stone be ushere into a hold cell to await infirmary . Stone hold the bar , lean heavy on they , look into the florescent drab space as the black inmate on work detail enter with the cart , and enter a adjacent room . other inmate drift by outside in the hallway . the light buzz , grow louder , but fracture in fizze and bop . stone raise he head , as though he be listen . sound be chaotic and disorient . 85 86 87 88 58. stone 's Pov : through the bar , beyond the black inmate , tee * two white power inmate be approaching fast . stone sharpen up and the hum get louder . int . lucetta's apartment - evening 85 the SOUND be rise ... lucetta playfully bring har lip close to the nape of Jack 's neck as she move she body around he . she giggle and breathes on Jack - sort of ' act 's the part of a seduction . he laugh , at the ' performance 's , but be affect . int . prison - holding cell / common area - continuous 86 the two white power inmate enter and attack . in a flash they * be on the black inmate , one cold - cock he with a elbow as the other pull the door close , jam it shut with a4 * broom handle . the black inmate be throw to the floor and be * stabbed repeatedly with a shiv ... * stone : watch through the bar - the action inch from he face . int . lucetta's apartment - evening 87 lucetta touch Jack , take he wrist . he do not move , look at where she be hold he and he gaze move along the arm to she body , he move around to face she , she lift he other hand , place it around she jack my God . help I ... the SOUND : be actually pulsing now , like a tuning fork .. int . prison - holding cell / common area - evening 88 stone drop to the floor -~ watch through the bar : the guy be stab be literally a foot away from Stone , face screw up in agony , try to cover up with he one free arm as blow rain in on he kidney and neck and head . people be shout . the arm with the shiv whip across in between Stone and the guy , wrapping around to strike he in the throat . the SOUND of the blows and the cursing begin to mute . 89 90 gl 92 93 59 . he watch . all the chaotic noise be fading . int . lucetta's apartment ~ evening 89 lucetta and Jack fuck . hard . int . prison ~ cellblock - evening 90 security camera Pov : the scene from above , we see Stone 's hand reach out through the bar toward the victim . one of the attacker stand up and look right in the camera and raise he arm , triumphant . in a blur of action , guard enter and throw the attacker to the floor . stone : stare right into the victim 's eye as he go into shock , eye wide , staring right at stone . all SOUND be gone except for the wave of GOD 's tuning fork crashing over stone . ext . mabry front porch ~ evening 91 madylyn raise she cigarette and stop halfway to she mouth . holding it there for a long freeze beat . she look over at the rocker Jack usually sit in . regards it . reaches out and start it rock . then abruptly stand and go inside . int . prison - holding area / common area — evening 92 no sound except the tuning fork SOUND . a perfect harmonic . through the bar of the door we see the chaos as guard pound into the room , separate body and check the guy 's pulse . but we can not hear anything . Stone sit on the floor , cross legge with a look of wonder on he face , listen . he look up : stone 's Pov : bright light come through the bar , cut by shadow of the movement on the other side . he blink and smile . int , mabry home - kitchen ~ morning 93 Jack have he hand up in prayer position as madylyn clear she throat to read she ' Daily devotion 's . 94 madylyn 60 . -.. " to what extent be my commitment to obey God base on do 's and do not , or on @ true love for him ? '' {she consider ) hmm . '' in what recent circumstance be I aware of God 's lead ? do it differ from what I want or expect from God ? '' ... hmm . she look at Jack . he 's wait for she to say a bless . madylyn ( cont 'd ) why do not you say the bless . startle a bit , he nod ... he stop . she laugh and begin to eat she grapefruit . jack bless , oh Lord , ( have to clear throat ) bless oh lerd this food to we use and we to thy loving service . and make we ever mindful of the need of other ~ madylyn wait . she lift she head . madylyn in Christ 's name , amen. ( beat ) you lose you place ? head bow . she wait . madylyn ( cont 'd ) you want a egg ? he look up . she 's smile . int . prison - mess - hall - morning he keep he 94 Stone at a table . people around he , jostling he on he seat but he do not even react . he eat slowly . stone Pov : all the fragment element of discord and chaos have resolve into harmonious sound . all rearrange so that he can hear it anew . the same element just he pause , with he fork come up to he mouth , and smile . 95 96 98 61 . int . jack 's car - morning 95 Jack stop at a light . he 's in the middle lane . he look at himself in the rearview mirror . he 's get energy . he feel charge . he look at he watch ... a think form . then impulsively he gun it and yank the wheel hard , turn right out of the middle lane . ext . public golf course - day 96 Jack tee up to drive . all be quiet . beautiful day and he take he time . he seem able to focus totally on the ball . sound be mute as he wind up ... and hit a tremendous drive . he watch it go ... drive of he life . jack God in heaven . he look around to see if anyone see . nobody do . a tiny pump of the fist , just for himself . voice Front nine on a workday ... he whip around ... it 's frank the financial guy , go by in a golf cart ... thumb up . frank that 's what I be talk about buddy . Jack smile . ext . prison — yard - day 97 Stone lean against the fence , look up at the sky . not long or agitate , just study the movement of cloud . ext . prison - visiting room - day 98 lucetta and Stone at a table . lucetta what 's wrong you not eat ? stone bo you ever ... think about how it go on forever ? 62. lucetta what ? stone Sky . but , really , it 's like a big blue bowl . you can not see anything more than you can see - like cloud , or star , maybe , at night . even with a telescope you can not see forever . lucetta what ? stone so how do they know ? what 's eternity ? lucetta laugh - then stop when she notice he be not . lucetta so Jack , he say the board 's go to review the whole thing and take into consideration you age and you be a addict back then and ... hey baby , look at I . Stone . he be check out . he tune back in to she . lucetta ( cont 'd ) twas try to tell you about you parole . stone right . lucetta and you be not listen . stone oh yes I be ... lucetta Jack say - stone you call he Jack ? lucetta sure . a9 63. stone great . so . what do he say ? lucetta he 's go to talk to you . and he 's go over the whole thing , and he tell I he 's go to decide in a few day to write up he note in you case file , if he feel strongly enough , to submit to the parole Commission and put it in the computer , so when they go over it next week they will see it . be not that great ? this could be it , baby . be not that great ? stone yeah . he close he eye and tilt he head to the side . lucetta ( giggle ) do not I do good ? ... look at I ! he keep he eye close . stone I think the best thing be to just listen . lucetta 's face : confusion . then she laugh . lucetta ( whisper ) stop play . int . lucetta's apartment - night 99 Jack and lucetta fuck . her on top . lucetta you be sweet . you nre really sweet , Jack . jack god. god. lucetta you be . fuck I harder . yes . 99 100 101 102 64 . timecut : Jack dress . she ' 's smoking . she hand it to 99a he ... lucetta ( cont 'd ) you be good , Jack . ( he take a drag ) you be a good man to help we and we appreciate it . Jack turn , eye she seriously jack nobody can know about this ... you know that right ? nobody . everything you want ? it will go bad . for everybody . you understand ? lucetta of course , silly . she mime zipping she mouth and lock it . int . cellblock - day 100 Stone sit on he bunk , eye close . a Guard calis at the door . guard creeson ! you ready ? he smile and rise . int . prison ~ hallway - day idl two guard walk along , turn to wait for ... stone : walk slowly . in no hurry . take thing in . guard hey . step it up creeson . int . prison - outside jack office / dickerson 's room ~— dayo02 Jack bark at Ms. dickerson through the open door . jack { 0.8 . ) +-- due the 30th or the 3lst ?! God dammit just tell I which - she shout back out at he ... 103 65 . dickerson I have have about enough lip from you . you can button that up right now and be nice . and I mean it ! stone and guard show up in she doorway . at she desk Ms. dickerson grunt when she see they . she buzze Jack on the intercom . dickerson ( cont ’d ) creeson 's here . Stone wait at the door . turn to dickerson . stone you think we will get any rain later ? dickerson glare at he . he seem different and she be suspicious of change in people . int . prison - jack office - day 103 Jack sit forward study Stone and read the report on the incident of the murder . his demeanor toward Stone be skeptical and impatient . stone I do not know if I can really explain it . jack well . try. please . Stone stare at he . stone you do not believe I , do you ? jack I be not say I do not . look , I have see the tape . it 's quite a thing but nothing happen to you ... I mean you be not involved ...okay ... stone I tell you ... I can not ... jack ( refer to report ) you be say while you watch they do this , you ... what ? ( more ) 66 . jack ( cont 'd ) ( read ) '' , , , have a profound spiritual epiphany . '' ( look up ) epiphany , huh ? what 's that ? to you . stone well , it really do not matter . jack ( mount irritation ) uh-huh . stone tt do not . jack do not get I wrong here ... I have like to believe in such thing . stone in I ? jack yeah . sure . I no like to believe in you , too , that 's what we be all here for , right ? stone how can a person describe something they have be through that someone else can not have any way to relate to ? jack try it out . stone tt be a moment . uh - that 's all . all the static go away and T could hear what be true . that 's all . and , see , now I be go to go on as I be , whether I be in here or not . jack uh-huh . stone Cause see I understand my life a little better now - I see that it 's not empty or accidental like T think it be before . 67 . Jack stare at he , Stone 's eye be clear , not darting . it unnerve he for a second . then Jack snap out of it . flick he ash , and lean forward as well . jack ++- so - you be all good now ? stone no. uh-uhn . you do not get it . I be not say I be all happy . I be go to lose my temper and get piss and frustrated say and do thing T / will regret , even with my wife , but that 's ok . know what I mean ? jack ( impatient ) I be afraid I do not . stone well , I tell you y’would not understand . Jack stare at Stone . jack ».. Stone , son . just ... drop it . stone what ? jack just ... look , I know what you be try to do , but just .... do not . this be not help ... just stop . Stone sigh a little . stone Jack , it do not matter to I . jack what do not matter ? stone what you do . or what anybody 's try to make you do . jack ' make I do ’? what 's that ...? ( get a little piss ) ( more ) 68 . jack ( cont 'd ) nobody make anybody do anything here ... stone you do what you think be right . say what you think , judge I how you think . jack well . this be a new breeze . stone I be go to go on the same if I be in here or out . jack be that right ? stone I want to be out of jail , sure , but I '' go to wrestle with the same shit if I be out . and , I will have this same feel if I stay in . Jack wipe he brow , reflexively . take a drag . Stone stare at he . he smile slowly . Jack try to laugh , and can not . finally he pull he gaze away and dump he fill ashtray into he trash can under he desk . jack oh , shit , son . shit . you be a wonder . Jack stub out the cigarette and there be anger in it . 104 ext . mabry home ~ lawn / porch - afternoon 104 Jack have be mow on the ride-mower . something 's wrong with it and he 's tinkering and he 's frown . madylyn be just emerge with drink , back open a door maybe when Jack loose a explosive kick on the side of the mower . she turn .. do she see that ? he see she at the same time and recover himself . 105 int . '' home ~ bedroom ~ night 105 Jack toss in bed . he finally get up , carry he pillow . madylyn wake , watch he leave the room . 106 107 69 . madylyn you okay ? jack my back ... can not keep still . I will sleep in the other room . he exit . she roll over and close she eye . ext . jack ‘s car ~ night 106 Jack drive up to lucetta 's apartment . he get out and go to the door , she let he in . int . lucetta 's apartment - night 10 ? lucetta sit perch on the arm of the couch . Jack be sort of plant across the space from she , shifting he weight awkwardly . lucetta +».if you wanna know really ... I think it 's all just kind of play act . jack it 's all bullshit be not it ? lucetta no , Stone 's just ... you know ... he 's screw up . his idea about thing be weird ... sometimes really weird ... he 's always be that way . jack Cause talk to he ... he almost seem like ... lucetta like what ? jack like something really ... I do not know . different ... lucetta he ' 's just try to impress you and do what he need to do to get out . can you blame he ? she flick she skirt up to flash she panty and giggle . 70 . jack ( awkward ) okay ... she hop up and take he jacket lapel begin edging he toward the couch . lucetta he admire you a lot you know . he tell I he 's learn a lot talk to you . jack can you be straight ? lucetta straight as you . she push he backward and down onto the couch and start to unbutton she blouse . jack be this all just ...? just tell I what 's go on . lucetta I do not do nothing I do not want to do , jack no ? lucetta tt like you Jack . I would never fuck you if I do not want to . jack ( shrug ) well . thanks . she take she shirt off . stands there in she sexy bra , touch she stomach lightly . he look at she , emotionally exhaust . jack ( cont ’d ) God . you be beautiful . lucetta plove hearing that ) why , thank you , 71 . jack i be not come over here again . lucetta you be not ? jack no mar ’am . lucetta ok . jack well ... he stend up . jack ( contr ) I do not know . maybe I should take some anti-depressant or something . he hesitates , can not stop leok at she . can not move away . she laugh . lucetta ah. yes you wi that 's ok i like it when they say '' ch no , no ise then I just wait . she giggle . a light you will cali I . 3 or drop by . like maybe late again , some nighk ... will not you ? wo not you ? jack % of ob of she pulis disgust , giggle . 72 . lucetta * like this morning I be read * '' Harry El perro sucio '' to my kid and the whole time I be just laugh think about you . I like * think about you at work . * jack * do not say that . * he back to she . * lucetta * i think you be sexy . and if you let Stone out we can still be friend too . he would not care anyway I bet . I do what I do cause I be on my own and gotta make my own way and Stone will not know . ( look at he deep ) so do not you want to help we ? help I ? not cause we be fuck or anything but just cause it have be good and we would all be happy ? jack do not talk like that . I can not ... it 's not that simple . * he sigh , and get up . she can not help herself and lucetta you can not leave , can you ? it 's sweet . jack what the hell be I do ? goddamn . he gather up he clothes . lucetta C ’mon he 's a good person at heart . * jack you really believe that ? lucetta yeah I do . as good as you and I . no different . jack do you go to church ? 108 109 111 73. lucetta Hell no . there 's no such thing as God . she smile at he , and he can not help himself , he get hard , he can not leave . int . jack 's car - night 108 Jack drive home - desert street . int . mabry home - hall / bathroom - niget 109 madylyn can be hear snore as Jack ease down the hall and into the guest bathroom . through the open door we can see he start to wash himself off . int . prison - jack office - day 1106 Jack at he computer , work on Stone 's report decide , uncertain . he commit and hit a key . dickerson ( 0.s. ) ( yell ) they call again , they need the creeson report ! jack ( a little impatient ) I just send it . int . prison - jack 's office ~ later lili Jack be prepping Stone for he parole board review . he 's a little unnerve by Stone 's calm . jack ok . the board 's mandate be to determine if you have serve you time well ; if you be a danger to yourself or other . stone rehabilitated huh ? Stone eye he evenly . Jack avert he stare . he get up suddenly , stretch he upper body stiffly . grimace . 74 . stone ( cont 'd ) they say chronic neck pain come from be hang in a past life . or behead . Stone shrug . jack well , it 's my back , so ... it 's not my neck , stone just make conversation . he stare at Jack silently . jack ( impatient ) look , if you be not interested in the detail of you hearing - we be do here . stone we be do ? jack my report 's already do . send . we be do . Stone : there be something in he face . a tiny smile . gratitude ? or something else ... Jack stare hard at he for a second , unnerve ... but he continue jack ( cont 'd ) mostly they just want to hear that you um ... take responsibility for you -- stone for my action ? jack yeah . stone well ...see ... the thing about that be ... ( with deep , sincere feel ) ++. when my cousin come out of the house ... that night ... and get I and we go back in ? it be trippy , go in there and see it . ( more ) 75 . stone ( cont 'd ) Cause like the minute before we be argue with poppy and there be light im he eye and color in he face and then I see they ... all over everywhere , man , and pale like wax . my head be spin and my mouth have taste like I be chew on @ penny . but most of all there be this .... this bugging in my ear . I think it be the shit we be on but then it start grow ... 112 int . stone's poppy' house ~ night - flashback 112 Stone in the hallway . that tuning fork SOUND rising in he ear . stone a ++- and it scared the shit out of I man . and teach be bounce off the wall yell at I to help he . take care of it . and then he voice just start go away . I could see he lip move but no sound except this sound in my head . and I do not even now what make I know it , but I just know there be go to be a fire . there have to be . - 113 jumpcut : Stone move up and down the hall pour 113 gasoline . so I go and get the gasoline out of the garage and I run it through the house up and down the hallway , and I have some match and light it and watch it flare up and run , you know , follow the line I pour , all through the room , over the blood and stuff . have you ever see a fire take control ? 114 stone Pov : down a long hall . the body can be see throud h the doorway , in pool of blood , just for a second as flame whoosh down the hall and start to consume then . stone ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) I see it take up poppy and grandma and start to change they and I think : this be awesome . stone's face : stare in wonder . 115 ( omit ) 76 . 116 int . jack 's office ~ day 116 Jack stare at he , horror mount . jack awesome ? stone yeah . it be awesome . and I know I be suppose to feel guilty about it but I never do and I never know why until now . now I understand that the whole thing be part of the miracle of my own journey in life . jack cut the crap Stone . it be you decision . you do that . stone I be not say for do not , I be say we nre co-worker with God and we do not even know it . jack you crime have nothing to do with God . stone why not ? God be everything . look at tornado and flood and earthquake . you do not think we be a part of all that ? what we carry with we from one life to the next ? there may be a plan for all of we , you and I and my grandparent , that we do not know . how can we know ? he stare right at Jack , totally sincere . Jack shift in he chair . jack enough with this shit ! enough . you ... lucetta ... even she say ~ stone , you call she lucetta ? 77 . jack {emphatic} you wife . she say -- stone do not . jack what ? stone De not listen to she . jack what do you mean ? stone do not listen to what she tell you , jack she believe in you . stone no , I be tell you , man , she 's just try to work on you . she 's fuck you over . Jack falter a second . stone ( cont 'd ) it 's she playtime . Jack light another cigarette , distance ... stone ( cont ’d ) whatever she say about I be just cause we want to get in good with you . to get I out . she do not know at all what 's go on with I . she no say anything . and she no @o anything . she get off on jerk chain . jack that 's not a nice thing to say . stone I '' tell you . it 's all a game to she . she 's a freak , man . 117 118 78. jack you be fuck nut you know that ? you get a beautiful wife who care about you , who 's ~ stone what do you mean beautiful ? they stare at each other . Stone smile . Jack feel catch , suddenly , and very hot , cramped - what do Stone know ? what have Jack get into ? Jack raise out of he chair . jack ( he 's have it ) I do not know . Hell . ok . I have hear enough . all of this crap . shit. ok . you be a con . I have know that from the fuck start . not for once do you ... so you have both be con I . ok. whatever . I have be around , son . Jesus . and I be fuck tired of it . stone be calm Jack . jack I be sick and tire of it ! he bang a file cabinet close . int . dickerson 's desk ~ day 11 ? dickerson be eat yoghurt with grapenut - crunching , and turn she head at the bang from within Jack 's office - mid erunch . she then roll she eye at she boss 's foul mood . int . jack office - day 118 Jack 's up now and lean forward over the desk into Stone 's face . his shirt be show pit stain . jack you expect I the eat this new shit you be dish out ? write a nice little note about you goddamn epiphany ? ( more ) 79 . jack ( cont 'd ) you be the same bastard you have always be . you son of a bitch . stone i know . I be . Stone stare at he , but not aggressively . with a complacency that really rattles Jack . jack asshole . stone ++- you do not get it . jack iget it . I have get it . and I be god damn fuck feed up with you . shit . the both of you can go to hell , for all I care . he move some papers and file around on he desk . jack ( cont 'd ) the hell with you both . ft ''s all shit . complete and utter shit . what have I ~- Jesus . he stop , look at he desk clutter , shake he head mutter . jack ( cont ’d ) just god damn year in and year out . sitting across the desk from this ... and we pretend we be do something . and you pretend you have hear we . and if we fall for it you get out and a year later you be back in here sit across the desk again . and somebody out there be hurt , or dead . well , I be not buy - ... nothing get better . it 's all bullshit . no one change for the better . and I have spend my whole adult life do this bullshit and I be sick to death of it . it 's all a fuck waste ! he blast in Stone 's face . sack ( cont 'd ) you get no more of my time , pal . get the hell out of here . Stone wait a moment , then stand . stone man ... you get anyone ? jack what the hell do you mean ? stone anybody to stand behind you ? or be you all alone ? jack I say get out of here . stone listen , you go ahead and blow you motherfuck life up . do it , man . blow it up . all of it . all the way . tt help . jack ( punch intercom ) dickerson call Peterson , we be do . dickerson ( 0.s. } he 's come . jack ( into com ) now goddamn it !! stone embrace it , man . burn it up . it 's awesome . Jack go and fling open he door . the Guard - Peterson - be right there . jack do you not fuck hear I ? peterson iTowas - jack get he out of here . the guard take Stone 's arm and lead he out . stone i'm pull for you , home . 120 121 122 81 . jack Fucking son of a bitch !! fuck you !! dickerson , Peterson , and other worker down the hall react to Jack 's scream . omitted 119 int . lucetta 's apartment - evening 120 lucetta in the mirror apply makeup . a little on edge , she glance at the phone . empati . int . prison - cellblock - early evening 121 Stone lie on he bunk , stare upward , peaceful . a small smile creep onto he face and he roll onto he side . int. / ext , jack car / driveway of mabry home — evening 122 Jack sit in he driveway in silence , try to calm he breathe . he make a decision , gather himself . he get out and go into he home . ( omit ) 123 int . mabry dine room - day 124 Jack and madylyn eat dinner at the table . the phone ring . madylyn let the machine get it . Jack listen to the ringing - on edge but try to mask it - then gc to the phone and snatch it up . jack ( impatient ) hello ? ( listen , relieved ) oh hey . hold the phone out to madylyn 125 82. jack ( cont ‘d ) it 's only candace . madylyn frown at the odd comment and take the phone . Jack go back to eat . ext . mabry front porch ~ early evening 125 they sip they drink . madylyn be go through the mail . but it 's all hang there between they . on jack : he jaw muscle pulsing slowly , try to find word . a cicada be buz ... a low hum ... madylyn ( 0.8 . ) do you know you start out as stone ...? he turn ... do he hear that right ? jack what would you say ? madylyn be read a pamphlet from the mail stack . madylyn you soul . it start out as a mineral or a pebble . and then it be reincarnate as a plant , then as a fish ... bird , animal and so on . you have toe work you way up to be human . you know what it 's be do ... you soul ? he 's look at that pamphlet ... he know it . we can see a piece of the word '' ; " on it ... jack what ... madylyn it 's be pay off debt . past sin from past life , reduce its burden from one life to the next ... jack until ...? 83. madylyn until '' you be cleanse by sound and Light and see you true nature '' . she toss it down dismissively . Jack be paranoid ... jack ( try to be casual ) where would you get that ? madylyn junk mail . better than that people at the door I guess . ( sip ) you know what I think ? ( look at Jack ) I think we get this one life . I do . and you account for what you have do in it here and if you do not you pay for it when you die . forever . jack ah , shit ... madylyn you do not think ? he shake he head . that ' 's not what he mean ... he 's struggle to speak ... she look away . she take jack mad , there 's something I want to say ... madylyn mm ? a siow breath and turn to he wait for it . jack I be sorry .... I know I have be ... it 's be ... this case , this fuck case have be ... complicated . the woman who call ... madylyn be listen carefully now ... jack ( cont 'd ) she 's he wife . I be sorry that she ... call here . ( more ) he nod ... 84 . jack ( cont ’d ) I should not have even ... she 's be try to help he . her husband . madylyn ( want to find relief in this ) well , sure she do ... she 's worried . ( look at he ) and it 's bother you , this one . sigh . jack well , hell . it 's a do deal now . madylyn you do what you think be right . that 's all you can do . ... the rest be in God 's hand . madylyn take a deep drag . they may have find a way past all this ... they can both feel it . enough to invest in the same interpretation of this event ... he shift she take he crack back . he laugh jack shit .... he weight . madylyn you back ? jack yeah my goddamn back . a deep drag on she cigarette . madylyn you damn back . a slight smile and glance at she . she do not look madylyn ( cont ’d ) '' Hell '' , '' damn '' , '' shit '' , a little at she ribbing . madylyn ( cont 'd ) " shit 's . '' Son of a bitch '' . oo " fuck '' . 85 . jack okay , okay , I get it ... madylyn you '' fuck '' back . '' motherfucker '' . make I another fuck drink , you ' cocksucker 's ... this get he laugh jack ( laugh ) shit . they start almost really laugh ... and then hear SOUND of a car slowing in front of the house . madylyn be rise to go make drink and she turn and Jack look up to see : lucetta getting out of her car and coming across the yard . Jack be freeze for just one beat , watch she come ... see lucetta , something in madylyn 's face change ... a know . madylyn who be that ? lucetta ( call out ) hello ! madylyn be that she ? should you ... jack no. I will take care of it ... and he 's move ... stride off the porch and down onto the grass to intercept she , jack ( cont 'd ) ( so madylyn can hear ) Mrs. creeson...please ... really ... he reach she and move to get between she and madylyn . in what follow madylyn can see Jack 's back and glimpsis of lucetta but can not see Jack 's face or hear all of it ... 86 . jack ( cont ’d ) ( sotto ~ deadly ) have you lose you fuck mind - lucetta I have be a little worried Jack ~ you have not return any of my call and - jack ( louder ) I know you be worried , I understand ... lucetta siderstep enough to see madylyn and be see by she . lucetta hi , Mrs. mabry ! Jack move to counter she and grab she other wrist , block from madylyn 's view . he lead she toward the car . madylyn 's Pov : lucetta wince a little and look down , reacting to something . madylyn step forward against the rail , jaw tightening . jack {sotto ~ fast ) itm a we be do , get in the car and drive ... lucetta ntear up a little ) I do not know why you be be like this - why Stone 's act so weird ? what do you tell he about we ? jack {sotto - murderous ) there be no " we " , get out of here . madylyn 's Pov : they seem to be talk - be she resisting he grip ? be he tightening it and forcibly move she along ? on madylyn ‘s face : something die in she eye ... lucetta separate from Jack and get in the car . lucetta zt just need to talk - I think we be friend . 126 87 . Jack stand stare dagger at she . hate . still and unmove make sure she start the engine and drive . watch , lock on the car as it drive away . and then he walk back to the porch . madylyn be wait for he , examine he . he mount the step , feel madylyn 's glare . madylyn she be upset ... jack there 's no excuse ... come to my home ? he 's at the door ... madylyn you do not have to be cruel , do you ? he turn on she ... in he face , a expression she have not see in quite some time ... he barely pull it back ... he go inside . int . warden' office - day 126 the warden lean back in he chair hold the creeson file . warden you know we can not alter report once they have be submit for review . come on . Jack stand across from he . jack I know but I make a mistake . warden well you be only human . jack stu , I be ask you . please . warden the hearing 's in a hour . you be kid right ? Jack stare he - hold ground . 127 88. warden ( cont 's / D ) buddy ...1 I need something more to go on ... jack I know . I know . but - it 's complicated . I miss something . that 's all he want to say . the warden nod slowly . warden you want to plead you concern , fine . you want to submit additional evidence , that 's okay too . but you know we be clear big number right now ~ he fate 's already be decide . it 's out of we hand Jack . it 's luck and quotas . Jack be not breathe . jack and nothing I say be go to make any difference . the warden stand to usher he out . warden you know I do not just push you paper ... but there 's a bigger wheel turn right now . Jack be white . the warden wrap a friendly arm around he . warden ( cont ’d ) do not sweat it Jack . you be less than a month to go . sleep easy . he clap he on the shoulder . int . prison - dickerson 's room — same day 127 Jack have he coat in he hand and he 's leave . jack I be go out . dickerson what about the creeson hearing ? but he 's already go . she shake she head . eo * 128 129 130 131 132 133 89 . int , prison - security entrance 128 Jack hand a metal tag through the window , in exchange he be give he gun . he put it in he briefcase and exit . int . parole board hearing room - day 129 Stone be bring in . a room with a table with three people sit behind it wait for he . he look calm . he come around to the chair set in front of they . he look at the second empty chair where Jack should be . he sit down , turn to the judge and smile . omitted 130 omipted 131 brt . prison yard — day 132 a hand tap Stone 's shoulder on the basketball court . Stone curn , int . prison - jack 's office - day 133 Jack sit behind the desk , smoking , fidget a little bit . he look at the clock . adjust he back . he loosen he tie or he collar a little bit . warm . look across at ... Stone : sit in the chair across from he . calm . watch he . he 's dress in civilian clothes . Jack adjust a file on he desk . check he watch . stone you want to talk about it ? jack what 's that ? stone her come . jack huh ? 90 . stone or anything . Jack stare at he a long beat , then laugh and shake he head , he 's hot , wipe he brow quickly and get up to go open a window . stone ( cont ’d ) I be concerned about you . you be look pretty haggard . jack ( over he shoulder ) yeah , well ... set you mind at ease . he come back , avoid the chair but there 's nowhere to go really so he sit . stone I guess this be it for we , huh ? you get any more question for I ? jack ( impatience creep in ) you better be smart or you will right back in here . stone I get my release , Jack . I be out . there 's no reason for you to concern yourself abcut I from now on . Jack lean forward , speak low and hard . no pretense . jack yeah , you get it ... make no mistake , T can have they watch you ass every god damn minute . you get I ? stone ( smile ) I get you . Jack lean back . light up another cigarette . stone ( cont 'd ) you do not believe in anything , do you ? jack I believe you be one fuck up sonofabitch . 91 . stone in God or yourself or I ... nothing . jack up yours . stone you do not feel anything inside , do you ? nothing true . jack true ? I all give you true ... I be glad you be out of my hair . George . creeson . you be go to be somebody else 's headache now . stone life 's just take you by the neck and rattling you old frame and you do not know what the hell 's go on . be not that right ? it 's scary . be not it ? to feel the wheel come off like that ? that 's right when you gotta start listen though , man . Jack stand , look at the door . jack where the fuck be she ? he open the door and call down the hall ... jack ( cont 'd ) dickerson ! stone she 's come . do not you like talk ? I be go to miss talk with you . jack not I , boy . time for you to go . stone keep listen , Jack . it 's come for you , man . do not cut it off . you might not get too many more shot , you feel I ? Jack be still stand by the door behind Stone . he react to something in the hall 92 . jack here we go ... he go back behind he desk and compose himself . lucetta suddenly appear in the doorway behind Jack with the guard , dickerson . Jack turn - really rattle by she appearance . jack ( cont ‘d ) Ms. creeson . lucetta have dark circle under she eye and stare at Jack with ill-conceale disdain . Stone , stand , smile at she . lucetta glance at Stone who be beam , relaxed . lucetta do not even smile at he . she bite she lip . uncertain . jack ( cont 's D} happy day . all three be in a new , untried place , all awkward . lucetta ( softly ) you ready ? stone you bet . she stare at he , sick of this , and wary of what it may mean in she life . he smile at she benignly ~ a different Stone than she know . clear -ey . he turn to Jack . stone ( cont 'd ) can I kiss she ? Jack nod . Stone move oddly to she ~ it 's be year . she wonder - be he short than when he go in ? they kiss . but not really connect . lucetta ( cold , almost sad ) ready to go home ? stone oh yeah . for want barbeque . 93. jack oforce a smile ) well . good luck to you , Stone . Stone turn and extend he hand to Jack . Jack take it reluctantly . Stone hold it longer than necessary and Jack awkwardly disengage . stone thanks for all you have do . jack good luck to you too , Ms. creeson . lucetta lucetta , Jack ... please . we be all friend now , right ? she and Stone stare at he . he can not read between the line and he 's sweat now . jack lucetta . take good care of he . lucetta oh , twill . and listen , you take good care too , oid man . she go out into the hall and follow dickerson . dickerson you make a damn good cookie , honey . Stone start after they and Jack start to let out a breath , relieved . then Stone step back into the door and into the room . stone oh , I mean to say ... lucetta tell I you fuck she . Jack stand freeze . do not respond or betray anything . stone ( cont 'd ) that 's get to be against some kind of rule around here . jack God damn . stone you life look like shit , do not it ? 133a 134 135 136 137 jack 94 . T know what you two be do . stone but , do you know what you be do when you let my wife suck you cock ? jack shut up . stone see you down the road . he leave . Jack stare after he . what do he mean by that ? int , prison hallway 133a stone and lucetta walk down the hall . Stone read from he 5 tt . luce @ grab it and chuck it on the floor . int . mabry home - live room - morning 134 madylyn be alone at home . drink . already a little drunk . int . mabry home ~- live room ~ night - later 135 door open and Jack enter . he find madylyn out cold on the couch . her bottle and glass on the coffee table . he lift she hang arm up to rest it on she chest . put a blanket on she . take the bottle and glass ... ext . mabry home ~- front porch - night 136 Jack alone on the porch drink . stand in the dark , no light on . stare into the night . cicadas buzzing . a car drive by , the brake light come on as it slow in front of the house . Jack tense , watch it as it pull on away . he go inside . int . mabry home ~ bedroom - continuous 137 Jack put he gun in the bedside drawer and lie down . stare at the ceiling . 138 95 . int . mabry home - kitchen ~ next morning 138 Jack serve egg and toast , bang the plate down , in a foul mood . madylyn sit at the table , she face flushed red . there be a empty highball glass by she and a Jack Daniel 's bottle nearby . madylyn lightly push the egg away and finish she drink . Jack look at she - dare she to pick up the bottle . she pick up '' Daily devotion '' booklet . madylyn oh!...okay ...um ... ( read ) '' the glory reveal to mose be not God 's bodily splendor but that of he moral be . mose 's immediate response be submission and worship . '' ( she clear she smoker 's throat ) '' a vision of the glory of God often have that effect . '' this strike she funny and she chuckle . madylyn ( cont ’d ) - T will bet . ... um ... ( read silently ) -+. s0 we be get to the commandment next , I guess , huh ? she take a sip from she already empty glass . she look up at he watch she . madylyn ( cont ’d ) um ... T hear a cute story the other day . you want to hear it ? jack do you believe in all this ? madylyn what ? jack do you ...? he stop . she stare at he hard . hand he the book . 96 . madylyn you read the meditation . he take it and read ... jack '' what request be on the top of my prayer list for today ? be it a selfish request ? or one that will bring God glory ?... after I yield myself to the Lord , like mose , will my '' top request '' be change ? '' ... he stop with the book open . madylyn --- I know what I want , how bout you ? Jack look up at she , empty . madylyn ( cont ’d ) lose you place again ? he can not speak . madylyn ( cont ‘d ) you get something you want to say to I ? jack no. madylyn you do not . jack I can not - madylyn what ? jack I can not even think of what you would want I to say . ) do not say a word . '' 3 ose the deor . Jack foll the stair and listen . she may b phone . she might be weep . se +e 147 147a 148 149 150 151 151a 98. int . mabry home ~— night 14 ? * no light on anywhere . quiet . * ( omit ) 147a ext . mabry home - night 148 * the humming SOUND be rise ... int . mabry home - candace 's room ~ night 149 * Jack , asleep . a small sound ... metal drop ? it wake he and as he process that he hear something he perk up and listen . nothing . all quiet . groggy he get up to go piss . * int . mabry home ~ guest bathroom - night 150 * Jack finish pissing . then he hear a loud pop . * int . mabry home ~ hallway - night 151 * Jack move downstairs with the gun and now there be a * distinct smoke haze , hang at ankle level . a flicker light be come from under the door to the kitchen . he push the door to the kitchen open to check and be meet with flame . the kitchen wall be fully on FIRE . flame already curling up onto the ceiling . he lurch back . it 's too far go already to think about a extinguisher or anything like that . he move ... jack ( yell ) mad ! mad ! get up ! he pull a curtain and look outside , half expect to sé@d4a * Stone . jack ( cont ’d ) madylyn ! get up ! 151b 182 153 revised yellow page no response . he run for the bedroom and throw the door open . madylyn be lie in bed with she photo album on she chest eye close . she seem to have not be wake by he . we might not even notice that there be a bottle of pill with the cap off and a glass of water on she night table . jack mad ! she turn to he groggy . madylyn hmmm ? jack it 's a fire . we have get to move . she 's slow to respond and rip the cover back and grab she and we CUT : ext . / int . mabry home timecut FIRE destroy the home . eating it fast , moving from the inside to the whole structure . a inferno . ext . mabry home - STREET - night they run to the street . Jack grip he gun , frantic ~ do not know where to run . jack I will get to a phone ! madylyn where ? where be you go to go ? Jack stop - idea racing through he head ~- do not have car key , or a phone ... jack T will run to ellen and Steve 's - madylyn they be away - jack or David 's house ! madylyn it 's too far - it 's too late . 99 151b 152 is3* revised yellow page Jack succumb to the hopelessness of the situation . jack motherfucker ! I be go to kill - madylyn let it go - it 's too late ! Jack pace about - distraught , cursing to himself . madylyn stand at a distance , watch the fire . berily calm . madylyn ( cont 'd ) ...- that 's that . jack t£ T have not have to piss . good god..we would be dead . Fire siren be hear in the distance . jack ( cont 'd ) Fucking smoke detector never even go off ... piece of ... madylyn the battery be dead . I forget to change it . he look at she ... Whole thing be just too much . jack I do not believe it ... total write - off . everything . he notice the album she 's hold . jack ( cont 'd ) you grab something ? madylyn picture . I have it out . jack {near tear - rage , frustration ) good . something at least ... my god. everything . gone. unbelievable . we whole life in that house . unbelievable . be not it ? 100 * ett * ee hk hk revised yellow page 101 madylyn * tt be hard to believe . * jack * God damn it . God damn ... * madylyn * ( sharp ) * stop say that . * jack * what ? * madylyn * take the Lord 's name . stop it . * jack * Jesus , madylyn - for ~ * madylyn * ( start to crack ) * stop it ! I will not stand for * it . * she 's sobbing now ... the dam break ... * madylyn ( cont 'd ) * it 's something to I , Jack , you * hear I ?! even if it 's nothing to * you anymore , it mban something to * I ! you could at least make a * effort to pretend that it 's ... * he snap too ... the tension build up and uncork . * jack * noverlapp her} * we almost get kill and you be * gonna bother I about my fuck * language ... * madylyn * noverlapp } * nobody do this to we ... * jack * ( overlap ) * I get a pretty damn good idea * who ... * madylyn * ( overlap , cut off ) revised yellow page 102 tt be not anybody , it be a act * of God , I will they that ! * '' he stop short . * jack * what ? * madylyn * nery ) * nobody else . it be we ... we let it * fall apart , a old wooden * * house ... i' 1ll tell the fireman ... jack * tell they what ? * madylyn * about the fray wiring in the * kitchen wall ... * jack * what be you talk about ? * {no response ) * madylyn . what wire ? * madylyn * in the kitchen wall . * Jack look at she . madylyn eye he evenly . * madylyn ( cont 'd ) * or the basement , there be a lot * of old rag ... i will tell they to * look there . * jack * why would you say that ? * she look at he . * madylyn * because it 's as good a story as any . * he stare at she dumbstruck . the siren and light of * approach fire truck crest the hill behind he . * madylyn stare back . * the house be engulf in flame - the kitchen , the furniture , the t.v. , the porch - all of it burn . * 154 omitted 154 * 155 155 a 155b revised yellow page 103 int . bar / restaurant - night 155 Jack 's retirement Party : Jack 's co-worker - warden , dickerson , Janice , Peterson , and as twenty other cheer and clap . Jack smile uncomfortably under a good luck on the outside banner . larry he 's free ! he 's free ! no sign of madylyn . timecut : Jack have drink and accept congratulation 155a from colleague . there 's a mute awareness that it 's be a tough time for he and people be try to be cheery . dickerson ( drunk , laugh it up ) you will not have I to kick around any more ! better get a dog ! some guy olaugh } that 's what wife be for ! uncomfortable glance all around . Jack shrug it off with a small laugh . timecut : Jack 's at a table with Janice . they be huddle up 155b share war storey and advice and he 's make she laugh . she appreciate he advice and it seem cozy . he 's definitely have too much but he still seem to be keep it together . jack but do not ..f mean reall do not make it a two - way conversation . ( more ) 104 . jack ( cont 'd ) they get nothing but time to think about how to work on you ... get under you skin . you can not make yourself a person with they . janice oh believe I ... learn that lesson . jack they will test you for sure ... nlook at she ) good look woman like you ... he smile . he put he hand on she knee out of sight of anybody else . Janice take it in and look at he nicely . janice ( soft ) Jack ... jack ( grin ) I be retire , not dead you know . janice c'mon , we be friend , you be the best ... jack a little fun ... send I off into the sunset ... he lean in a little . she 's uncomfortable but she 's try to be cool . janice uh uh ... let 's keep it pro , okay ? he stare at she a long time . she can not tell if he 's depressed or just go to nod and drop it . but he keep stare at she and it get dark . he start talk very low , so only she can hear . from a distance nobody could tell they be not just chat . jack want to be a pro ? fuck you , pro . they be go to chew you alive in there , janice Jack - i105 . jack ( low and hard ) no no ... jerk my chain like that . Fucking cunt . have some respect ... Janice 1s shocked almost to tear . warden arrive with dart , play it cool . warden c'mon buddy , let 's take this kid on ... Janice stand and so do Jack . he 's still stare like a cobra at Janice but she 's try to make it easy ... janice okay , I be in ... Jack lean toward she aggressive ... we see how drunk he actually be . jack up yours ... warden grab he back warden whoa , whoa buddy ... all good fun ... Jack actually resist for a second then shrug it off . immediately embarrassed . jack ( slurring ) sorry ... not you fault . he hold out he hand to Janice jack ( cont ‘d ) hey ... not you fault . I be all fuck ...- I should go . everybody 's feel bad for he . warden ride with I . jack no no , I be good . he sway a little . * 156 157 158 106 . jack ( cont 'd ) I be good . I will get a cab . they all look uncomfortable . jack ( cont ’d ) Word of honor . cab. ext . bar / restaurant -— night 156 Jack exit , stumbling a little . he get in he car and fire it up . ext. / int . STREET / jack 's car - night 157 Jack drive . focus on something . simmer . ext . lucetta 's apartment - night 158 Jack sit in he car . wait and watch . the door open and stone emerge . he walk off down the dark street . Jack open the glove box and take out he gun , get out of the car and follow he on foot . tight on : Stone - as he look up and double take . stone ‘s Pov : Jack be block he path . they stare at each other a long time . still . Jack approach . he 's clearly off balance but he 's boring into Stone with he eye . he pull he hand out of he jacket pocket , show the edge of he gun . ext . alley - night 159 shadowy . one high light in a adjacent parking lot throw a pool of light into the alley . Jack and Stone come along the back wall of the market . Jack stop he against a wall just on the edge of light . a STREET light be buz overhead ... stone dack , what 's ... jack shove he hard against the wall , gun out and right in stone's face ... 107 . Jack 's face tight with rage . Stone be oddly calm , observe he , not fight . jack {drunk } what have you do ? Stone look quizzical . jack ( cont ’d ) why do you do this ? Stone just smile and shake he head . jack ( cont 'd ) you think I will not ! the buzz of that line be turning into a drone , vibrate . Stone 's eye seem to widen a little . jack cock the gun . jack ( cont 'd} you think I will not ! Jack bore into he , demand that he accept the blame for it all . but Stone just stare at he and shake he head the tiniest bit . Jack threaten with the gun , bully ... but he biuff have be call . stone ease out of he grasp and walk away . he do not even look back . he just walk out of the pool of light and into the shadow and disappear around the corner . the SOUND be loud ... hum . Jack be alone with himself , nobody else to blame . Jack howl , look at the gun ... we CUT to black and the SOUND stop . 160 ext . candace 's house - backyard - day 160 bright SUN . a bee buzzing around bring we to ... candace 40’ish , with she father 's black hair , be put sunscreen on a little girl , 4 year old , who be protest . candace I know sweetie . but it 's the sunburn you get now that give you the cancer later . 108 . madylyn , watch . give she daughter a look of admonition . madylyn who know ? we do not know . if we would know , of course we would have ... do differently . madylyn take a drag from she cigarette and turn the page , look at the photo album . candace let Katie go . candace you be grease . Katie jump up and down in a kiddie pool . candace join she mother under the umbrella , take a drag from she mother 's cigarette and give it back to she . she peer down at the photo album madylyn {re the photo ) cut-glass lamp . candace where be that ? madylyn place we use to rent at the beach . you do not remember it ? you love play in the water with you father . candace I love that shag carpet . a long beat as they watch Katie . candace ( cont 'd ) do not know how you stick it out as long as you do . I can not believe you do not dco this sooner . madylyn I almost do . once . candace what happen ? madylyn do not answer . just smoke . madylyn you have a limited point of view . it get better . gentler . 161 163 109 , candace look at she mother . madylyn stare off into the middle distance . candace what be you think ? madylyn I hope he 's eat . candace groan and get up to go inside . candace I be monitoring you call . she leave she mother . madylyn stare and think . the faint SOUND of a bee start rise .... and we hear a man 's voice begin to speak . inarticulate and strange , struggle to find the word ... the voice run over the follow scene , man' voice ( v.0 . ) i be not know ... how can I know ? int . lucetta 's apartment ~ sunday morning i161 Stone be pack a small duffel bag . no lucetta . man' voice ( v.0 . ) ai not nobody come into this place and want to stay the same . that I know for sure . ext . CITY road ~ continucus 162 Stone with duffel bag , look around a power line be humming , merge with that SOUND from the bee , grow subtly ... man 's voice ( v.0 . ) do I deserve to be free ? int . bar ~ sunday morning 163 lucetta in a bar . bartender bring a drink and point to a guy down the bar . he nod at lucetta . she give she siren smile . 164 165 166 168 there 's a neon bar sign buz . man' voice ( v.0 . ) up to I I say I do . I want to be . I hope to he . ext. / int . prison ~ sunday morning 164 Jack arrive at the complex he 's make into he life . enter the outside . walk down a hall with a cardboard box in he hand . man' voice ( v.0 . ) but I do not know ... int . prison ~ janice 's office - continuous 165 over the shoulder of janice , we see a inmate , discuss himself and we see that this be the man who have be talk in voice over . in the open door behind he , Jack cross with the box ... he pause only slightly to look in on the inmate speak then move on . inmate I do not know who get to make that decision you know ... int . prison - jack 's office ~ continuous 166 enter he set the box on he desk and survey everything that make up he life . and then he start to box it up . ext . candace nos backyard - sunday morning 167 madylyn sit stare , smoking and think . the buz louder now . int . bedroom somewhere - sunday morning 168 lucetta sit naked on the edge of a bed . a man 's body out of focus behind she . she 's happily painting she toenail and smoking . take a drag and stare into space . the SOUND rise ... 170 lili . ext . road - continuous 169 weird light . get out into the empty space beyond a city . but not beautiful . neutral , uncertain . stone be walk along the road under power line hum . unreadable . impossible to tell where he 's go or what he 's do . the sound now powerfully vibrate ... int . prison - jack 's office ~ continuous 170 Wide on Jack behind he desk with a box on it , room stripped bare and empty . Jack 's life be dismantle and pack up in box . there be one last picture frame on the desk . we can not see what it be . he pick it up and pack it up , look down into the box . he stand there , head down , lose in think . the SOUND be louder now , clearer . vibrate . almost unconsciously Jack turn he head , towards the sound . just barely . the end