storytelling by Todd solondz final draft title card : fiction int . marcus' dorm room - night the time be circa 1985 . vi and Marcus finish make love . Marcus have cerebral palsy . marcus hey , you want to hear my short story now ? VI huh ? marcus ( lift a ms from a shelf by he bed ) I can read it to you . VI you mean , again ? marcus well , I change the end a little . VI oh . what happen now ? marcus well , actually , it 's the same , but longer . I think it 's better . more ...raw . VI well then , maybe you should just read the end . marcus but it will not make any sense if you hear it out of context . VI I think you should leave it the way it be . it be good . pause . marcus so you do not want to hear my new end ? VI you will read it in class tomorrow . surprise I . ( beat ) anyway , I have to go . I promise melinda I would help she with she oral . she rise , start dress . marcus you be tired of I . I can tell . VI Marcus , I be tired . that 's all . marcus you have lose interest ... you hardly even sweat any more when we have sex . VI I be never much of a sweater . you know that . marcus look , vi , I do not blame you . you feel you feel pity now . the pleasure be not there any more . the kinkiness have go ... you have become kind . ext . campus GREEN - day it be bright and sunny . int . mr scott' classroom - day Mr Scott , who be black , preside over he class . Marcus be read from he story , vi at he side . Catherine , a stun intellectual , sit near the teacher . the rest of the student ( Amy , elli , etc. ) listen closely and take note . marcus " ... but when he see she ... it be as if he could walk like a normal person . his leg do not swing , he arm do not spaz away ... he be not a freak any more , for she make he forget he affliction . no more cerebral palsy ! from now on " cp " stand for ... cerebral person . he be a cerebral person . pause . Marcus and vi exchange look . amy I think it be really good , Marcus ... really move and emotional . elli yeah , I think it be really emotional , too . amy and I mean , really good word choice . it kind of remind I a little of faulkner , but East Coast and disabled . lucy or flannery O'Connor . she have multiple sclerosis . joyce and borge . he be blind . pause . ethan updike have psoriasis . pause . catherine um ... maybe I be wrong , but , um , I be afraid I find the whole thing to be a little trite . its earnestness be , well ... it 's a little embarrassing . and that adjective , they be a little flatfoote . and redundant . I be sorry , but ... anyway , what do I know ? do not even listen to what I say . I mean ... pause . mr scott anyone else ? no response . mr scott Catherine be right . the story 's a piece of shit . you express nothing but banality and , formally speak , be unable to construct a single compelling sentence . you ride on a wave of clich so wear , in fact , it actually approach a level of grotesquerie . ad you subtitle , ' the rawness of truth ' be that suppose to be a joke of some sort ? or be you just be pretentious ? ( beat ; then check he class book ) ok . who 's next ? ext . campus courtyard - day Marcus , upset , rush outside , vi in pursuit , desperately try to console . VI Marcus , wait up ! Marcus stop . marcus what do you want ? VI do not be so upset . it 's ok ... marcus what the fuck be you talk about ? what 's ok ? VI ( beat ) you know he hate my story also . marcus you story be terrible ! he move on , she keep up with he . VI Marcus ... you will write something better next time ! marcus patronize fuck ! if you have just be honest with I in the first place I would not have read it . I know it be shit . but - idiot ! - I believe you ! VI that 's not fair ! I be honest ! just because I be not suck up like that bitch Catherine . marcus well , I sure do not hear you voice you opinion in there when it matter . VI I admit it - I be scared ! I be shocked , in fact , by what he say . and he 's so ... convincing . I be sorry if I let you down , but really , I still say he 's just one opinion . I do not even like he book that much . they be all so aggressively confrontational . I do not care if he 's win the pulitzer Prize . Catherine and Mr Scott walk by together in the distance . marcus you just want to fuck he . like Catherine and every other white cunt on campus . he leave she . int . VI and melinda's dorm room - night melinda lie on she bed with some homework , watch vi . VI ( o.s ) ( on phone ) ... but Marcus ! you can not just unilaterally decide to end thing . this be a relationship we be talk about ! a friendship ! you do not just ... fuck you ! she hang up and enter she bedroom , in tear . VI ( cont would ) fuck he ! fuck he ! fuck he ... melinda vi ? be you ok ? VI yes. I be ok . I be totally ok . melinda rise , put a hand on she shoulder . melinda you do the right thing . VI I know that . Fucking cripple . why do I waste my time with undergrad ? they be all so ... juvenile ! uch ! I just think Marcus would be different . I mean he 's get cp ! pause . melinda what be you gonna do now ? VI I dunno ... go to a bar ... get laid ... whatever ... do not worry about I . I will be fine ... she start change into a new outfit . ext . bar - night student hang around outside . vi go inside . int . bar - night vi walk up to the bar . VI can I have a beer ? after get she beer , vi turn around and suddenly notice Mr Scott , who be sit alone . she go over to he . VI ( cont would ) hi. mr scott hello , vi. VI what be you do here ? mr scott what be you do here ? VI I be sorry . I do not mean , I just do not expect to run into you here , that 's all . mr scott well , now you have . vi laugh , sort of , ten blushes . VI yeah , um , then ... be you alone ? mr scott uh huh . VI can I join you ? Mr Scott gesture for she to sit down with he . VI ( cont would ) gee , thanks . well , um ... I just want to say that I be really happy with the class and , um ... I know you must here this all the time , but I be also a great admirer of you work . a Sunday lynch , especially ... really , um speak to I . God , I hope I be not embarrassing you ... mr scott you be not . VI good. ( beat ) ' Cause I ...um ... I really agree with everything you have to say last week about how bad my story be ... mr scott that 's good . VI and I also agree with what you say today about Marcus 's story . it be a piece of shit . pause . mr scott you have beautiful skin . VI thank you . ( beat ) so Catherine seem like she might become a really good writer . mr scott maybe . she 's ok . pause . VI be not you go out with Catherine ? ( beat ) I be sorry . it 's none of my business . I do not mean ... mr scott I be not ' go out ' with Catherine . VI oh. ( beat ) do you think I have a potential as a writer ? mr scott no . VI thank you for be honest . Mr Scott lean over and touch she hand . VI I have so much respect for you . ext . STREET - night Mr Scott and vi walk together in silence . int . mr scott' apartment - night vi and Mr Scott enter . he turn around and look at she . pause . VI can I just freshen up for a second ? he indicate the direction of the bathroom . mr scott it 's over there . VI thanks . int . mr scott' bathroom - night vi enter , lock the door behind she . she look at herself in the mirror , then notice a snapshot of Catherine : she be naked , leg open wide . other erotic photograph lie beneath Catherine 's . VI ( to herself , almost chant ) do not be a racist . do not be a racist . do not be a racist ... int . mr scott' bedroom - night vi emerge from the bathroom to find Mr Scott loung on the bed . VI it 's a really nice place you have . be the rent high ? mr scott take off you top . she oblige . mr scott now ... take off the rest . she do , and he look hard at she . finally he rise . mr scott turn around . she do . mr scott Bend over . he start make love to she , from behind . mr scott ( cont would ) ( whisper ) say , ' nigger , fuck I . ' VI oh , bu ...uh ... I can not say that . mr scott say , ni ... VI ni ... mr scott ...gger . VI ...gger . mr scott say , ' nigger . ' VI nigger . mr scott ' fuck I hard ! ' VI fuck I hard ! mr scott say , ' nigger , fuck I hard ! ' VI nigger , fuck I hard ! mr scott again ! VI nigger , fuck I hard !!... mr scott again !! VI nigger , fuck I hard !!!... ext . marcus' dormitory - night light be out . int . marcus' dorm room - night Marcus look in the mirror , ponder he reflection . marcus freak . there be a soft knock at the door . he turn away from the mirror and open it . vi be there , teary - eye , dishevel . VI can I come in ? they embrace . marcus you be all ... sweaty ! int . mr scott classroom - day vi finish read she story to the class . VI '... so John flip she around and slam she against the wall . Jane brace herself : she think about she mother . she think about Peter . she think about God ... and rape . '' say , ' fuck I , nigger . fuck I hard .'' ' John 's flesh abrade she soft skin . there would be mark . she acquiesce , and say what he ask she to say , and do what he ask she to do . she have enter college with hope , with dignity , but she would graduate as a whore . ' silence . amy why do people have to be so ugly ... write about such ugly character ? it 's pervert . I know you all think I be be prisssy , but I do not care . I be bring up in a certain way . and this be ... mean-spirited ! pause . joyce yeah , well , it do seem a little affect . like by use taboo language you be try to shock we about the hollowness of you character . ethan I think it be a little bit racist . elli it be completely racist , and beyond that I feel deeply offended as a woman . as if a woman can only operate from experience of objectification . sue totally phallocentric . elli and so weirdly misogynistic . I mean , why do Jane go through with this ? be she stupid ? ethan hey , but be not this a rape ? or ...did I miss something ? because I - I be confuse . because if this be a rape , then why would she be a whore ? catherine ( beat ) it be confessional , yet dishonest . Jane pretend to be horrify by the sexuality that she in fact fetishize . she subsume herself to the myth of black male potency , but then do not follow through . she think she 'respect afro- Americans , ' she think they be ' cool , ' ' exotic , ' what a notch he would make in she belt , but , of course , it all come down to mandingo cliché , and he call she on it . in classic racist tradition she demonize , then run for cover . but then , how could she behave otherwise ? she 's just a spoiled suburban white girl with a benneton rainbow complex . it 's just my opinion , and what do I know ... but I think it 's a callow piece of write . mr scott callow and coy . Jane want more , but be not honest enough to admit it . in the end , she return to the safety of she crippled ( translation : sexually impotent ) boyfriend . marcus this be bullshit ! her story be the truth ! joyce right . sue it 's unbelievable ! elli it 's clichéd ! amy it 's disgusting ! VI but it happen ! silence . mr scott I do not know about ' what happen , ' vi , because once you start write , it all become fiction . still , it certainly be a improvement over you last story : there be now at least a beginning , a middle , and a end . title card : ' nonfiction ' int . toby's bedroom - night a lower East side tenement apartment . a dogma ' 95 poster hang above the bed . Toby , down and out and in he thirty , leaf through he high - school yearbook . he read a inscription : ' Toby , I just know you be go to become a movie star ! please do not forget I when you make it to the top ! I will always love you - Pam ' . he pick up he phone and dial . pam ( v.o. ) hello ? toby hello , be this Pam ? pam ( v.o. ) who be this ? toby Toby oxman . pam ( v.o. ) Toby -? oh , hi ! how be you ? toby oh , fine . how be you ? pam ( v.o. ) great ! toby great ! pam ( v.o. ) so what 's go on ? toby that 's what I be gonna ask you . pam ( v.o. ) but ... you call . toby oh , yeah , well ...um ... I be just call because , well , I be wonder if you still remember I , which I guess you do ... pam ( v.o. ) yeah . pause . toby so. look at where we be : the year 2000 ! can you believe it ? I mean , do you ever think we would actually make it ? pam ( v.o. ) um , well , yeah . ( beat ) so be you still act ? toby oh , no , not any more . no , um , I kind of come to term with myself , I realize I have do what I have to do . and it be time to move on . pam ( v.o. ) oh . so what do you do after you give up on act ? toby well , I go to law school , if you can believe that . Mike , Toby 's roommate and cameraman , enter look for a towel , then go to take a shower . pam ( v.o. ) I believe it . toby yeah , well , it be really all kind of a joke - and a rip -off , so , uh ... so I drop out . pam ( v.o. ) oh , that 's too bad . toby yeah , well , then it get I write , so that be a good thing . pam ( v.o. ) anything I might know about ? toby well , um , I kind of let thing go on this novel I would be really into - I mean , the whole publishing industry be totally corrupt . I mean , really , it 's finish . pam ( v.o. ) that 's too bad . toby I work over at a homeless shelter for a while , drive a cab to pay the rent , but , I mean , that be like - I mean , I have some dignity . pam ( v.o. ) that 's good . so then what do you do now ? toby I be a documentary filmmaker . pam ( v.o. ) oh ? anything I might have see ? toby N - not yet . I be hope to get a grant for this one project on teenager . geez , remember when we be teenager ? pam ( v.o. ) yeah . you do not wanna take I to the prom . toby oh , I do not remember that ... pam ( v.o. ) I do . toby well , but it be so long ago . we be so different back then ... no response . toby ( cont 'd ) uh , well , anyway , so I be look for subject for this documentary on teenage life in suburbia . kind of a exploration of the mental psyche of its mythology . I write to derrida to see if he would like to do the narration . but everything 's still kind of in development at this point . pam ( v.o. ) hunh . toby ( beat ) I work in a shoe store right now . but it 's cool . I be not ashamed . I mean , really , I have a much stronger sense of self now . and , uh , anyways , it 's really very temporary . pam ( v.o. ) that 's good . toby yeah ...um ... so anyway , tell I . what about you ? I would hear through the grapevine you be produce movie . pam ( v.o. ) yeah . but not any more . toby oh. tire of ' life in the fast lane ' ? no response . toby ( cont 'd ) yeah ... so you be um ... you be marry ? pam ( v.o. ) yeah . toby huh . kid ? pam ( v.o. ) yeah . toby how many ? pam ( v.o. ) Three . toby great . how old be they ? pam ( v.o. ) eight , six , and four . toby wow , that really be great . in a few year , who know , maybe they will want to be in my documentary ! pause . pam ( v.o. ) listen , Toby , I can not really talk right now . do you mind if I call you back ? toby yeah , sure . pam ( v.o. ) ok . bye . toby ( to himself , after pause ) maybe she have caller id . ext . fairfield high school - day it be bright and shiny . mr. demarco ( v.o. ) do you have any hobby ? int . mr. demarco' office - day scooby , seventeen , and Mr demarco , the guidance counselor , sit opposite each other . scooby no , not really . mr. demarco any book you like to read for fun ? scooby no . mr. demarco none at all ? how about that ' underground ' comic ? scooby I hate read . mr. demarco ( beat ) all right , scooby , let 's not beat around the bush . with you attitude , you be not go to get in anywhere . scooby ok . mr. demarco ' ok . ' so you just do not care . ( beat ) let I ask you , not as you guidance counselor , but ... as a friend : what do you want to do with you life ? I mean , what kind of long - term goal can you possibly have ? scooby I dunno ... mr. demarco c'mon . talk to I . tell I what you be think . scooby well , I mean ... I wanna be on tv . maybe have a talk show or something . like conan . or early letterman . mr. demarco ah-hah . and how be it you hope to achieve this goal ? scooby I dunno . see if I have any connection . ext . livingston home '' evening the sprinkler system be still on . int . dine room '' evening the family be sit wait at the table : fern , scooby 's attractive mother ; marty , he bullish father ; brady , sixteen , he handsome jock brother ; and mikey , ten he smart youngest brother . consuelo , the may , bring some bread to the table . fern do you knock on he door ? mickey yes , but he just shout at I and use the f-word . marty scooby ! dinner ! no response . pause . mickey would anyone be interested in be hypnotize after dinner ? fern / marty / brady no . pause . fern let 's just start . they eat . marty I do not know what 's wrong with that kid . brady maybe he 's gay . marty do not ever say that . brady what if he be ? marty he be not . fern marty , ignore he . brady he 's vegetarian , do not do sport ... marty brady ! pause . fern and even if he be ... pause . mikey Gay people be people too , you know . you be just be prejudice . brady I do not care be he 's gay . I be cool . I mean , it 's not like I have to share he room or anything . marty I just want to know what the hell he 's do in he room that 's so interesting he do not come down for dinner . mikey maybe he 's building a bomb ... just like -! fern do not even joke about that ! mikey I be serious ! what happen if he blow up the school ? a tense pause , follow by a distant crush sound . scooby ( o.s. ) fuck ! marty I be go in there . scooby appear . scooby be anyone in my room today ? fern be everything ok ? scooby my CD case like totally collapse . I be gonna have to recatalogue all weekend . ( sit down ) hey . can you pass the salad over . marty ( beat ) Steak 's really good tonight . scooby ( beat ) good . fern get a lot of homework ? scooby I dunno . marty whaddya mean you do not know ? you either get a lot or you do not . what 's not to know ? fern marty ... marty ( beat ) you start fill out you college application yet ? scooby I be not go to college . pause . fern what be you go to do ? scooby I dunno . marty what do you know ? scooby dad , I be try to figure thing out right now , ok ? it 's like , really hard , and I be just listen to some old elton John and ... brady mouth : ' Gay ! ' marty out ! leave the table ! brady what ? marty you hear I : leave the table ! brady ( rise ) man , I be out of here ! this family be so fuck ! brady leave . mikey Mom , it 's not fair if brady can say the f-word and I can not . marty yeah , well , mikey , listen up . Cause here 's a lesson : life 's not fair . ext . livinston home - day a red sport car drive up front . esposito , brady 's buddy , drop off brady and Cheryl , brady 's cheerleader girlfriend . a clean woman walk along the sidewalk on she way to the bus stop . brady I will talk to you later , man ! esposito yo , dude ! cheryl thanks , esposito ! int . tv room '' day brady , still in he football outfit , track in some dirt . Cheryl follow he to he room , giggle . mikey sit on the sofa while consuelo continue she housework . mikey consuelo ? consuelo yes , mikey ? mikey do you have any brother or sister ? consuelo yes . mikey really ? how many ? consuelo four brother and five sister . mikey wow. ( beat ) why do you parent have so many child ? I mean , if they be poor , would not it be better to have just one or two ? consuelo it be God 's will . mikey but do you really believe in God ? and heaven , hell and angel and all kind of stuff ? consuelo ( beat ) no . int . dine room '' evening the livingston be eat dinner . marty so ? how be school today ? scooby the same . marty the same . same as what ? scooby just the same . a tense pause . brady we be study the holocaust in Social Studies . marty oh , yeah ? scooby we do the same thing last year also . fern how be the class ? brady well , I be suppose to watch schindler 's list for homework . the movie 's like almost four hour . and then I be suppose to write a report on survivor . ( to marty ) you know any survivor , dad ? marty hmmm ... do I know any ... personally ...? fern well , technically you Zeda be a survivor . brady he be in a concentration camp ? fern well , no . but he have to escape the Nazis . brady but I think he come over to America before the war . fern well , he do . with he family . but he cousin , they have to stay and they be all kill . and if he would stay , he would have be kill . so in my book he 's a survivor . brady even though it be only he cousin that be kill ? fern but that could have happen to he . or to I , if I would be alive . or you . mikey or I ? scooby you mean , then , we be all survivor ? fern well ... yes . if it have not be for Hitler , he would not have have to leave Europe . we would have be ... european . scooby but then , in a sense , since you would never have meet dad if you family have stay in Europe ... if it be not for Hitler , none of we would have be bear . a long pause . marty get the hell outta here ! scooby ( rise ) man , it 's just , like , conversation . int . principal' office Toby sit across from Mr kirk . mr kirk tell I : you make a live at this ? toby well , sir ...uh ... I be actually not do this for the money . when you make a documentary , you do it for many reason , but money be certainly not one of they . mr kirk I do not get it . toby well , sir , a lot have happen to the landscape of the suburban high school since I be a student , and I feel it would be a valuable , perhaps even enlighten endeavor , to chronicle the change , to get intimate with the reality kid and parent face in american school today . mr kirk yeah , well , whatever . I will let you know if there 's interest . int . hallway - day Toby pause by the receptionist before leave . toby Excuse I , where 's the bathroom ? int . lavatory '' day Toby rush to the urinal . scooby be sit in a corner , smoking a joint , observe he . Toby smell the pot , turn and smile at he . scooby you a pervert ? toby no ... actually , I be a documentary filmmaker ? scooby oh . you mean , like , Blair witch Project ? toby well , no . I be do one on high school student , in fact . scooby what for ? toby well ... it 's kind of a sociological study in the aftermath of Columbine . scooby be this to like get into sundance ? toby yeah , well , it 's possible they would be interested in it . scooby doubt it . toby actually , there be some interest from the sundance Channel . scooby whoopee . toby HBO and MTV have also show some interest . pause . scooby so you have connection ... ext . livingston home '' night the light be on . toby ( v.o. ) you see , we be try to do a film on suburban lifestyle ... int . livingston home '' night Toby sit in the live room surround by the Livingston family . marty finger a card that read : toby oxman , documentarian . his address and phone number be print below . toby ... kind of a american family for the new millennium ... fern I think this be about kid get into college . toby oh , it be . I mean '' marty which be it ? you gotta keep you focus straight . toby you be absolutely right . the focus be on the college admission process today . pause . marty and you want scooby to be the focus of all this ? toby scooby and a few other student of different socioeconomic background . marty oh , well , I do not have they yet , but '' marty either scooby be the focus , or forget it . scooby yeah , I think I be the focus . mikey I wanna be the focus . brady slap he . fern Toby , we need this to be a positive experience . toby well , I suppose I could reconceive ... marty reconceive . toby ' Cause scooby do have a quality that I have be look for , a quality that be emblematic of american today . it 's part disillusionment , part hope ... consuelo come in with tea and twinkies . mikey twinkey ! fern boy , take napkin ... napkin ... marty not to be crass , but what do we get out of this ? fern ( laugh ) do not worry , he do not mean money . toby oh , I know , I know that . well , share you story , you up and downs , and so forth , can I hope , be a illuminate experience . marty yeah ... how do we know we will not be exploit ? fern no , it 's true . toby Mr Livingston , I fully understand and I share you concern . you fall vulnerable . and I know that this be a very difficult question , but what it come down to be : can you make a leap of faith in I , in the same way that I have to make a leap of faith in you ? on video : int . locker room '' day Big esposito , in football attire , surround by brady and other athlete , talk to Toby . kid whip towel at each other in the background . esposito this be a great school . I do not care what anybody say . I mean , it 's not perfect , but like the people be really cool , like the teacher and kid ... they really care and all . and I know that they make fun of New Jersey all the time , but I do not care . ' Cause they be just snob . ' Cause Jersey be where America 's at ! on video : int . empty school hallway '' day toby ( v.o. ) walk down this hallway just like the one I once walk down as a teenager , I could not help think back to a time when every day I wake up depressed , suicidal , consume by despair . have thing change ? be the competition to get into the most prestigious school still a requisite rite of passage ? beneath this mask of courtesy and friendliness I know that there be darker force at work ... and I know that scooby be the key to revealing the truth ... various shot of scooby ... look pensive . toby ( v.o. ) scooby , scooby , scooby ... what be you think ? College , sat , you parent , you brother , you friend ... how be it you deal with all this stress ? on video : int . classroom '' day a school psychologist sit at she desk . elizabeth ST . clair the pressure to get into the college of you choice be incredible . you know , they do a study recently of the youth in Bosnia during the bombing , and they find that the stress the young people experience there be less than what american high - school student go through when apply to college . toby ( o.s. ) be that right ? elizabeth ST . clair yes . toby ( o.s. ) oh , my God ... int . editing room '' night Toby and he editor examine the footage on a avid . toby so whaddya think ? editor well , I be not really sure what you be try to say . it 's funny , I suppose . but it seem glib and facile to just make fun of how idiotic this people be . toby I be not make fun . I be show it as it really be . editor you be show how superior you be to you subject . toby no , but I like my subject . I like this people . editor no , you do not . toby yes , I do . I love they ! pause . editor the camerawork 's nice . toby thanks . I will tell mike. ( beat ) well , it 's still just a beginning . I know I can ... dig deeper . ext . livingston home '' day it be bright and sunny . int . livingston home '' day fern be in the kitchen talk on the phone . she have a list of name and note in front of she . consuelo dust in the background . Toby and Mike stand nearby with a video camera , recording everything . fern ... but marj '' may I call you marj ? '' what it really boil down to be ... what do it mean to be a Jew ?... exactly . tzedakah . Charity . and the new wing at Beth Israel be ... well , actually , last year you give $ 500 . but this year $ 1,000 would not only be a mitzvah , it would bring you to a new level ... yes , of course . you gift would also give you a chagall menorah and two ticket to the dinner dance this spring ... because it 's true : Israel need we now . if not now , when ?... well , that 's wonderful ... I will speak to you next week ... you too ! take care ! she hang up just as scooby walk inside , fresh from school . fern hi , scooby ! how be school today ? scooby Fine . fern ready for tomorrow ? scooby what 's tomorrow ? fern the sat , knucklehead . scooby I be not take they . he walk off . on video : int . dinner room '' evening the family be eat dinner . there be a tense silence , finally break by mikey . mikey Mom ? fern yes , mikey ? mikey I be look through scooby 's sat practice book this afternoon and I take one of the practice test . guess what score I get ? fern what ? mikey 550 verbal , 520 math . and I be only in fifth grade ! everyone turn to glare at he . int . children' bathroom '' night scooby be brush he tooth when marty enter . marty scooby ? scooby yeah ? marty we have to talk . pause . scooby whaddya wanna talk about ? marty do not screw around with I . you know what I be talk about . ( beat ) you be take that sat . you be take that sat or you CD collection be history . you be take that sat and you be go to college . you be take that sat if I have to strap you ass to a chair , but buddy you take they . pause . scooby ok . marty ( under he breath as he start walk away ) tire of this shit ... int . school gym - day Toby and Mike shoot footage of the student as they take they sat . scooby be fill out he sat in such a way that he create a pattern of fill blank that spell : fuck this shit . ext . livingston home '' day Toby and Mike be interview brady and Cheryl in the driveway . off to the side , mikey try hypnotize a cat . toby so be you surprised that scooby take the sat after all ? brady not really . he 's kind of a wuss . toby ok . how about you , Cheryl ? be you surprised ? cheryl I dunno . whatever . toby hmm . brady hey , how come you drive such a shitty car ? cheryl yeah . toby ( join they laughter ) I do not know ... that 's interesting , though . a cool car . be that something that 's real important to you , brady ? brady yeah . cheryl uh duh . int . scooby's bedroom '' day scooby handle a gun he friend stanley have give he . scooby pretty cool , stanley . stanley thanks . scooby how would you get it ? stanley it 's my dad 's he hide it under some old tv guide in he closet . scooby gee , you dad 's smart . stanley I know . scooby be it load ? stanley no , I do not think so ... scooby point it at he head . stanley scooby , do not ! be careful ! scooby I be not a idiot , man . I watch tv . stanley I know . I be sorry . I be just ... a little nervous , I do not know why . scooby you should be . scooby point it at stanley , get a terrify reaction , then toss the gun aside . scooby here . you can keep it . he lie down . pause . stanley scooby ? scooby yeah ? stanley you know ... I like you . scooby yeah . I know . stanley I mean ... stanley I know . everyone know . stanley oh. ( beat ) do you think that you would let I ...um ... pause . scooby ok . if you feel like it . just give I a second . he pull a bag of mushroom out from beneath he night table , take some and offer to stanley . scooby you want some ? stanley no , thanks . scooby flick on a CD , then lie down . dream sequence '' ext . livingston home '' day while stanley go down on scooby , the camera pan away from scooby to reveal marty and fern be burn at the stake in the front yarn , writhe and scream in agony . marty I be so sorry ! I should never have make you take the sat ! the camera then pan to reveal conan o'brien approach . conan hey , scooby ! how 's it go ? scooby conan o'brien ? whoa ! what be you do here ? conan I be look for a last - minute guest for my show . any suggestion ? scooby I will be you guest ! conan really ? well , all right ! let 's take a look at the television and see how we look . the camera pan to reveal a tv stand on the lawn . scooby cool ! conan turn on the tv and we move inside it to see conan and scooby share some talk - show patter and repartee . conan welcome to the show , scooby . scooby thank you . conan Nice to have you here . scooby great to be here . conan and thank you for dress up for we . this be very classy . tell we . what kind of professional plan do you have ? what 's in you future ? scooby well , I be think ... I might work for you . conan ahh ... tell I . what do you want to do for I ? what 's you idea ? scooby be you sidekick , you know , and maybe eventually become a tv talk - show host . conan tv talk - show host , ok . you be at sidekick eight second ago , then tv talk - show host . you will be a Latin dictator in a bout a minute . audience laughter . conan let 's see what they think of the first idea . I be curious what the audience think . folk , what do you think : should scooby be my new sidekick ? audience cheer . conan scooby , new sidekick , everybody ! bigger round of applause . return to reality : int . children' bathroom '' night scooby have space out while floss . there be a knock at the door . scooby yeah ? brady enter . brady hey . scooby hey . what 's up ? brady there 's something I need to talk about with you . scooby what ? brady there be some rumor ... scooby like what ? brady you know ... stanley ... scooby oh . brady and like , do not take this the wrong way ... I mean , I be cool ... but ... you know ... I have get a good reputation at school and , well ... I really do not want it ruin . he be visibly upset . pause . scooby no prob . I be cool . brady thanks , scoob . ext . high - school playing field '' day a football scrimmage be in progress . a play end , and the coach come on to the field , bark : coach esposito , what the fuck do you think you be do ? you be tackle like a bitch on my football team , son ! you gotta bend you ass over and hit somebody ! you understand I ? esposito yes , sir ! coach you understand I ? esposito yes , sir ! coach then do it !... Livingston ! that 's the way to hit that hole , son ! brady wave a Cheryl in the stand . coach we be gonna become a football team today , guy ! let 's move the ball ! move ! move ! move ! I wanna see you hit that hole ! Defense , fill that goddam gap ! let 's go , guy ! let 's do it !... on the next play brady run to catch a pass , but be move down by esposito shouting , ' kill he !!!' Cheryl jump up , alarmed . o.s. cheerleader finish they ' go buck ! ' cheer , but brady do not rise . int . hospital icu '' evening brady lie unconscious in bed , hook up to machine . marty , fern , scooby , and Cheryl stand around he . int . livingston home '' night mikey sit at the kitchen table with consuelo . he be eat ice cream . mikey when I be in high school I be not go to play any football . I be just go to concentrate on class rank . ( beat ) what do you do in high school ? consuelo I do not go to high school . mikey be not there high school in El salvador ? consuelo we have to work . my family be poor . mikey must have be hard be poor . consuelo I be still poor . mikey hmmm. ( beat ) but , consuelo , even though you poor , do not you have any hobby or interest or anything ? consuelo no , mikey . mikey but like , what do you like to do when you be not work ? consuelo I be always work . mikey but when you be not . like now . what do you like to do ? consuelo this be work . mikey but it 's not like real work . this be just babysit . consuelo stare hard at he in silence . mikey you know , you job 's really not so bad , if you think about it . you should smile more often . on video : documentary footage of : ( 1 ) driving -along-the-neighborhood shot ; a lam post ; a sign ; a float straw wrapper . toby ( v.o. ) when the sky be clear and the sun be warm , you be remind of how beautiful thing can be : a lamp post , a sign , a straw wrapper blow in the wind but when that dark cloud appear , you realize how fragile the balance of life be . ( 2 ) the neurologist Dr Barry Jordan discuss brady 's condition : dr jordan when brady first arrive at the hospital he be unresponsive to verbal stimulus . wee perform a ct scan which demonstrate a large subdural hemotoma with mass effect . since the removal of the subdural he 's be in coma . ( 3 ) a psychologist discuss the effect of the brady crisis on he family : dr goodman when I first meet the livingston it be in the first twenty four hour of brady come in after he tragic football accident and they be act in a fairly typical way ( 4 ) the livingston consulting with Dr goodman in a hospital wait room : marty we be not the one who need the help . my son need help . dr goodman and you - marty my son 's in there ! he can not even feed himself , he can not eat '' I do not even know if he 's go to be a vegetable or not , for chrissake ! the picture freeze and then zoom into a close up on scooby . toby ( v.o. ) but what about scooby ? how would this effect he ? what meaning be to be find in this ? int . editing room '' day Toby and he editor finish watch this latest footage . editor this be definitely better . toby you think so ? you do not think that this might not be a little dry ? editor this be entertainment you be make , Toby . this story about a kid in the suburb and the state of the college admission process have , with this brady crisis , evolve into something much richer and more provocative . toby yes , I know but still , it should be somewhat entertaining . editor I mean , without this footage , without this rigorous documentation , it would feel like exploitation . toby no , no , no . no exploitation . this be serious but do not you find it a little funny too , at the same time ? editor you have get a family tragedy on you hand . will you tell I what 's funny about that ? about a kid in a coma ? toby nothing , I guess editor I mean , why be you make this documentary if you can not treat you subject with appropriate gravity ? toby ok , you be right , you be right ( beat ) you know , we need to screen what we have get invite some regular people , just some random off - the - street type and see what real people think of this . editor I dunno , Toby . we really have a long way to go . you still need a lot more footage , and it 's probably a little premature to start screen toby ok , then we can invite serious intellectual type . editor we be not ready . toby hip alternative type who will understand the process better editor we be not ready ! toby well , I need to see this with a audience ! editor what 's a audience go to tell you ? toby I do not know . maybe they will like it . int . livingston home '' night mikey open the refrigerator , take out a bottle of grape juice , pour a cup for himself , then accidentally spill it all on the floor . mikey consuelo ! I spill some grape juice on the floor ! consuelo ?! int . basement recreation room '' night mikey go downstairs , find she alone in she bedroom . she appear to be upset . mikey consuelo ? no response . mikey consuelo . be you cry ? consuelo no . mikey yes , you be . I can tell . what 's the matter ? consuelo mi Jesus mis jesus mikey speak English . consuelo mi Jesus esta muerto ! mikey consuelo , I be sorry , but you know if you do not speak English I can not understand you . consuelo my Jesus mikey who be Jesus ? consuelo my baby . mikey you have a bay ? consuelo my grandchild - baby . mikey gee , I do not even know you have any child . but why be you so upset about Jesus ? consuelo he 's dead . mikey oh. how do it happen ? consuelo he be execute . he be on death row and then he be execute . mikey how do they execute he ? consuelo poison gas . mikey ( beat ) maybe it 's for the best I mean , if he be guilty of do something wrong people who be bad should be kill . do not you think so ? consuelo Jesus be not bad . mikey maybe he be and you just do not know it . consuelo he be not . mikey but still , you can not be sure . consuelo I be sure . mikey but really , you never know . consuelo I know ! mikey ( beat ) why be he on death row ? consuelo for rape and murder . pause . mikey consuelo , what be rape exactly ? consuelo ( beat ) it be when you love someone , and they do not love you . and then you do something about it . pause . mikey sometimes I feel like my parent do not love I . consuelo well then , when you get older you can do something about it . a long pause . mikey consuelo ? I spill some grape juice upstairs . do you think you could clean up the floor now ? int . brady' bedroom '' evening marty and mikey sit by the comatose brady , who lie now in he own bed . mikey dad ? do you think that brady will ever get better ? marty one in a million recover . mikey maybe he 's that one in a million ! marty mikey , there 's optimism , and then there 's stupidity . it 's a very fine line . pause . mikey I do not think there 's any hope , either . I be just try to make you feel better . marty thanks . mikey you be welcome . ( beat ) dad ? would you let I try hypnotize you now ? marty yeah . sure go ahead . hypnotize I . mikey ok . stay there . I will be right back . mikey hurry off to fetch he hypnotize apparatus . marty sit and wait . mikey just a sec ! be right there ! mikey return , set himself up across from marty and take out a shiny object . mikey dad , can you turn around a bit , please ? marty oblige . mikey thanks . all right . now you must look at this shiny object and concentrate . relax you leg . relax you arm . relax you shoulder . now keep you eye on the shiny object you eyelid be get heavy heavier you be get sleepy sleepier now let you eye close shut and you be asleep . marty 's head drop . mikey now you be completely under my power . I be the only voice you can hear , the only voice you will listen to . now . when you wake up you will be in a good mood . you will not worry so much about brady . and I will be you favorite from now on . if brady die , you can be sad for a little bit , but I will still be the most important person in you life . you will never be mean to I , and always give I whatever I want . also , you should fire consuelo . she 's lazy . now when I snap my finger , you will remember nothing , but you will do everything I have ask . one. two . Three . mikey snap he finger and marty wake up . marty hey , mikey . you wanna get some ice cream ? mikey ok ! ext . livingston home '' day a couple of maid be walk by with white baby in stroller . on video : int . scooby's bedroom '' day scooby so like , yeah I cave in . I mean , I have to . my parent , they be like still really depressed about brady . so I write the bullshit essay . fill out the application , do the interview y'know , I figure I can always drop out . toby ( o.s. ) so where would you get in ? scooby prnceton . toby ( o.s. ) ( beat ) but what do you get on you sat ? scooby 200 verbal / 710 math . kinda weird , I know . but I think they think it be , like , good -weird . on video : int . live room '' evening marty and fern sit on the sofa . marty we use pull . fern you know , you have to . sometimes you just have to , Toby . toby ( o.s. ) but what kind of pull do you have ? marty I have a cousin . very big giver to the alumnus fund . fern it 's all about who you know . marty look , we be not sucker . everyone else be out there do the same thing . fern he 's right . ext . livingston home '' day scooby watch Toby and Mike as they try fix they jamme camera . mike damn , Toby this thing will not open again . toby let I try it , let I try it . ( take camera from Mike ) it 's um the button be just stick . scooby hey , um , Toby ? I be wonder be the documentary almost finish ? toby uh , yeah , we be get there . scooby can I see what you have so far ? toby sure um yeah , as soon as I have a screen I will let you know . scooby thanks man . int . livingston home '' day mikey and consuelo be play card . mikey gin ! I win ! let 's play again ! he start deal another round when marty suddenly appear , back from work . marty hey , mikey ! mikey hi , dad ! marty come here , give I a hug ! mikey gee , you be home early ! marty yeah , uh , listen . why do not you go upstairs and keep you Mom and brady company for a bit ? I need to speak alone with consuelo for a moment . mikey sure , dad . he run up the stair , pretend to disappear , but stay to observe . marty consuelo . Mrs. Livingston and I have discuss this , and we have come to the conclusion that we be not very happy with you work lately , so we be go to let you go . consuelo I - I do not understand . marty we have be happy with you in the past , but now we think maybe it 's time for a change uh I know you have have trouble at home and maybe , you know , some of that be reflect I you work consuelo but , Mr Livingston , I work very hard for you and you family ! marty I understand , I understand that , and I be sorry it have to end this way . ext . livingston home '' day consuelo exit the house and trudge towards the bus stop , carry all she belonging . other clean woman be wait for the bus as well . int . scooby's bedroom '' day scooby be look at the address on Toby 's ' documentarian ' call card . he pick up the phone and dial . int . shoe store '' day Dave , the store manager , leave a customer for a moment to pick up the phone . dave florsheim . can I help you ? scooby ( v.o. ) hi. I uh ... I be try to reach Toby oxman ? dave sorry , he 's off today . back to scooby on the phone . scooby ok um thanks . ext . highway '' day scooby drive he Mom 's shiny new suv to New York . ext . a run - down tenement neighborhood '' day scooby pull into a spot . int . toby's apartment build '' day scooby climb a stairwell , ring a bell . Mike open the door . scooby hey , uh , Mike . be Toby here ? mike uh , no , he 's not . scooby oh . do you have any idea where he might be ? mike I think he 's at a test screen . ext . toby's apartment build '' day scooby hurry outside only to find he car steal . int . subway '' day scooby ride a train . int . screening -room facility '' day scooby see a sign that read : ' american scooby : test screen . ' he go into the screen room . scooby's Pov of the documentary be screen . on video : ext . livingston home backyard '' day marty talk to Toby poolside as he prepare a barbecue . marty I think scooby 's like a lot of kid . he just hit a a speed bump . now he 's gonna find he way , he path be gonna be clear , and I think he 's gonna continue he education at a good college . and everybody else be gonna be happy . toby ( o.s. ) ... but Mr Livingston , be not you a bit fearful that scooby will be confront with hollow value and systemic conformism ? pause . marty I do not know why this be so hard for you to comprehend . I have a terrific time in college . I have get a terrific job , a comfortable salary , terrific wife , three terrific kid and every year I give to the alumnus fund . now why be you try to make college out to be a bad thing , a negative experience ? you be unhappy ? well , to bad ! get over it ! stop try to impose you misery on other by go around say , ' life be bad , life be horrible . ' life be tough on you ? well , boo hoo ! angle on the audience ... laugh . on video : ext . livingston home - day scooby talk to Toby in the backyard , marty see in the distant background . scooby ... well , yeah , my dad be kind of a goofball . I just have to pretend to go along with he idea . ' Cause he really do not get it : like I could be the next Oprah , for all he know , but he 's never even see the show . angle on scooby ... watch himself on screen on video : new angle on scooby ... as he continue talk to Toby . toby ( o.s. ) what be most important to you ? scooby I dunno . I would like to be good at something . it do not have to be tv . I mean , it could be movie ... anything . I would be willing to direct . the audience laugh . scooby but I would like to be , you know ... famous . not necessarily a superstar , just famous . be recognize . get fan mail . thing ... on video : tighter on scooby ... still talk to Toby . toby ( o.s. ) uh , scooby , now I understand how you want to be a tv talk - show host and all , like conan o'brien , but do you know even he go to college ? scooby he do ? toby ( o.s. ) yeah . he go to harward . scooby ( beat ) oh. angle on scooby ... watch the film and listen to the audience . the laughter be out of control . he be devastate . int . livingston home - night marty and fern be in bed watch the news . mikey appear in the doorway . mikey Mom ? dad ? can I sleep with you ? I be scared . they flick off the tv . marty sure !... fern of course , honey . come in bed with we . come on . mikey get in bed with they . marty snug as a bug in a rug . yeah , here you go , pal . all righty ... you be monster - proofed ! ext . livingstone home - night consuelo approach the house stealthily . angle on finger ... open the back of the house ; stuff towel under bedroom door ; turn on the kitchen stove 's gas ; switch on the main gas valve in the boiler room . ext . livingston home - night consuelo flee . a very long pause . fade to black . ext . STREET near livingston home - early morning scooby get off the bus with a few clean woman . he walk homeward . ext . livingstone home - day scooby see reporter , policeman , firemen , ambulance , gas company vehicle , and neighbor surround he house . Toby and Mike suddenly appear with they camera train on he . on video toby ( o.s. ) oh , my God , scooby ! I be so sorry ... I be so , so sorry ... scooby do not be . you movie 's a hit . [ the end ]