window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app202.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=2056;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://www.geocities.com:80/emruf0/joe.html " , " 20050113093805 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1105609085 " ) ; Story of G. i. Joe Story of G. i. Joe over the title of the picture come the word of a song : " I have go away for to stay a little while but I be come back -- I be come back if it be one-thousand mile . " [ a ] the bivouac in the desert fade in . Dawn be just beginning to break over the distant hill . the chill and half - dark of the night be still on the scene . but now there 's a great sense of stir and activity . there be a grind roar of motor as troop truck , jeep and armored car maneuver about , take on they load of man and artillery and uncoil to form a thin snake of a line that be just beginning to head off across the desert floor to the distant hill to the right . a sergeant be supervise . next the view weaving through the movement of the convoy , disclose some of its action : truck load with man and supplies grind past as they swing into line ; a jeep jouncing down the line like a shepherd dog ; man on the double- quick run toward truck that be load up while still wait they turn in line . then we see the troop truck as several GI 's pile into it and move to the fore . foremost be gawky , with a pup still cuddle in he arm . behind he pile in several other GI 's , among they Murphy , Lopez , mew , dondaro . as they do so , Lieutenant Walker , a raw -bon , business - like fellow of twenty - six , stride into the scene from the right . gawky 's pup , in its exuberance , let out a yip . without break he stride Walker scan the truck and head toward gawky , the view move in . WALKER ( with a sharp , between - the - tooth whistle at gawky ) hey you --! hey you ! get that pooch out of there . whataya want to do , get he kill ? ( gawky look up , disturb ; he hesitates for a moment . ) awright ! awright ! quit stalling ! he go on , not wait to see whether he order will be carry out ; he know it will . warnicki all right , all right , you hear the lieutenant . we get a close move view of the GI 's and the pup . reluctantly , hungrily , gawky pass the pup on to the next man , who now silently pass it on to Murphy , who hand it on to another GI , who then nudge mew , whose back be turn . mew , have miss Walker 's order , delightedly receive the dog and start to pet it . the man beside he nudge he and gesture " out . " mew 's face fall ; he pull the pup apart from a button the mutt 's playfully begin to chew and reluctantly hand he on to the next man , who silently pass he down the line . as the hand of each man leave the dog , there 's a linger reluctance in they gesture , as if the very warmth and furry softness of the little animal body give they a sense of something they know they would never find again in this arid desert -- something they would want to cling to . warnicki ah , you poor little fella , you be go to freeze out there . dondaro , receive the pup at the end of the truck , have not get the heart to toss it away . for a moment he do not know what to do . suddenly he drop it to someone off the truck . the view move and stop on Ernie , who have approach the truck a moment before , we see he lug he bedroll and duffle bag . somewhat startle , Ernie hold the pup and look up just as the view widen to include Walker come into the scene . ernie what do you want I to do with it ? we then see the back of the truck , the view feature WALKER and ernie -- with the GI 's in the background . Walker be about to order Ernie to get rid of the mutt , but at the same instant he catch a glimpse of the GI 's , they eye all hungrily direct at the pup in Ernie 's arm . his eye shift away . a little smile play about he lip . he seize on Ernie 's armband as a excuse to countermand he order without seem to do so . WALKER ( briskly ) correspondent , huh ? well , you want to get up to the front , do not you ? ( over he shoulder ) here , make room for this man . remember Walker 's former order , Ernie start to set the pup down , but Walker intercept he . WALKER well , get in , get in ! make it snappy ! for a instant the two men' eye meet . a flash of understanding pass between they . Walker briskly turn and walk away -- " the cop who be not there . " WALKER ( go off toward he seat in front ) all right , let 's get move . Ernie quickly start to scramble up the truck , pup in one arm , bedroll and duffle - bag drag behind he with the other . he hand the pup on to dondaro , who quickly pass it on and cheerfully give Ernie a lift . ... [ text miss ] for a brief instant Ernie look resentfully at dondaro . this be the second time this guy 's call he " pop . " but he grin as he see , in a close , move view the pup be pass back from hand to hand on its way to gawky . the rhythm of the camera movement have a quick , more joyous tempo this time . the view stop on gawky as he finally get the pup . gawky , in he delight , quickly reach in he pocket for a can of C ration , and he hold it out to the pup . the pup sniff it and growl at it . -- the boy ' laughter be free , easy , exuberant now . the tension be break . all 's well with the world . they and gawky have they pup back . we get a close view of the truck wheel . it spin in the sand as the motor be hear start . perhaps that yelp of delight that come over the scene be from the pup -- or perhaps it 's just the truck wheel bite into the sand and start forward . next , the view move up slightly as the truck spin around , bring the rear of the truck into focus and we see Ernie , still be haul onto the truck by the seat of he pants . then as the truck move on and off into the desert the scene dissolves to a long move view of the convoy roll along a desert road . it 's mid-day and the sun beat down on the GI 's . Inside the troop truck : Ernie be seat next to dondaro . opposite and alongside be the rest of the gang . although he presence be accept he 's still outside they tight little clique . he listen with amused interest to they jabber . the boy be key up , not tense -- but full of the fizz and vinegar of young healthy animal confine in a small space on they way to " the big game . " dondaro get a cigarette ? Ernie reach into he pocket and hand dondaro a pack . dondaro take one and without think twice , pass the pack along to the rest of the boy . Ernie watch the progress of the pack around the truck . mew hey , gawky , what be you go to call that purp ? Betty Gordon ? gawky grin as everyone laugh . they spirit have rise again . dondaro ( call down the line ) Lay off the gawk . he 's my territory . ernie and dondaro be see closely . ernie who 's Betty Gordon ? dondaro ( shaking he head ; laugh amiably ) ah , the kid 's be wait for a letter from she ever since we leave the States . warnicki lean over and return Ernie 's pack . it 's empty . he look at it wryly . dondaro notice it . dondaro ( with a nod toward the boy ) chain smoker . ( then ) guess you be get off at the first airbase , be not you , pop ? ernie why ? dondaro ( ironically ; with a touch of bitterness ) correspondent , be not you ? the flier be the guy you guy always write about . the Hollywood heroes . we be just the mug along for the ride , that 's all . just for the ride . ( he look across . ) ask wingless . he will tell you . the view widen to include the other . MURPH yeah ? just one plane and you be all dead duck . just one plane and z-z-z- ang ! almost simultaneously with he voice , a sharp screech of brake be hear . the boy lurch forward . several automatically look up as if expect a plane . WALKER all right , man . this be a break -- unload . and we see the rear of the truck as the boy , Ernie among they , scramble off the truck . Walker come toward Ernie . WALKER how far up you go , Mr. -- Mr. ... ernie pyle . end of the line . if it 's okay with you . WALKER ( start on ) sure . ( then , suddenly turn ) pyle ? you say pyle ? ( Ernie nod . ) say , be not you the guy that run that column about week - end trip or something ' ? ernie ( grin ) mostly -- or something -- ( nodding toward the boy ) pretty good - look outfit you get . WALKER we be not a outfit yet ! ( glancing at he watch ) maybe by this time tomorrow we will be . say , come to think of it , my old man read you column . he think it 's great . Ernie look up quickly at he . the sharp piping of whistle be hear all down the road . ernie well , I will be darn ! WALKER all right , man -- let 's get go -- the desert dissolves in at night : first we get a close view of the radioman on the jeep . he be sit hunch up , blanket around he shoulder , phone press to he ear , listen to the radio . a smile come to he face as if he be hearing something delightful . grinning , he remove the earphone , snap on the loudspeaker so that the soft , rhythmic strain of a popular band orchestra can be hear . radioman hey , fella , get a load of this -- artie Shaw -- the view move to the right , disclose in a medium long shot a convoy bivouack for the night . score of pup tent , intersperse with truck , jeep , armored car , be spread irregularly across the bright moonlit desert . in the distance only mountain and sky be visible . as the music softly float across the night , the view move in closer , weaving past tent , revealing the various activity of the man preparatory to " blanket drill . " many have they head stick out of the tent . other be recline in various stage of relaxation . the camera come to a halt on a pair of enormous foot , stick out of a tent flap . they owner evidently be too big for the normal size tent . the view move along the wall of the tent to the front flap , which be open . the GI 's head extend beyond that too . he keep stare at the star - studd sky . ad lib out of this world . solid Jack -- look into the tent we see Murphy in the foreground . within , a thin , medium -size youngster , he bunk mate , be huddle with the cold , for the tent flap be open . this be charley mew , a Ohio farm boy , a child of neglect , naive and wonder . mew ( not really complain ) gee whiz , Murph -- I wish you be not so long -- it 's sort of cold out here in the open . murphy ( without turn ) I will cut my leg off . mew ( almost apologetically ) no , geez , you do not need to do that ... ( then ; something on he mind ) I hear we be get into the real business tomorrow . murphy well , so far as I be concerned , they can deal I out . mew ( concerned ) the infantry be not so worse -- murphy ( cut in ; tersely ) look , this be a modern war , be not it ? I be a modern guy -- the modern age be up in the air . that 's where I belong . not down here . mew they only wash you out because you be too big . it be not you fault . murphy I will cut my leg off . mew I , I , I . Inside another tent : in the tent be Lopez and sgt. warnicki . Lopez be obviously of mexican extraction ; warnicki , a muscular ex- coal miner . he be stolidly polish he tommy - gun . the music come over . LOPEZ what do you think I ought to bring Maria and the little fellow when I go back ? warnicki look up abruptly from he gun polish . warnicki when you go home ! ( grimly , he set about polish he gun again . ) if , and when , you mean . the gun catch a glint of the moonlight ; Lopez catch a glint of he meaning and nod solemnly . from another angle , the view favor gawky . we see the mutt lick gawky 's face . he grin down at it . dondaro if you have to sneak something out of that village , why ' not you bring something in skirt -- gawky be about to speak , but dondaro shush he as a long silvery trumpet note arrow softly into the night sky . dondaro sh --! listen -- do not interrupt the music -- ( in ecstasy ) murder -- ! the announcer 's voice be now hear come over the radio jeep . it be a husky , feminine , seductive voice . the radioman listen delightedly . voice this be Berlin play the jive music of artie Shaw -- radioman that 's we Sally -- voice nothing sweeter and hotter in the world , be there ... remind you of rosalind , sylvia , Phyllis , Nancy , Mary , ellen , Daisy .... yes , you bet it do ... summer night ... the juke - box down the road ... coke , double malt ... a girl 's soft laughter in the moonlight .... tomorrow , you boy of the 18th infantry will meet we army for the first time ... the army that have beat the world -- the french , the british , the Russians -- what chance do you stand -- soldier ( reacting to she propaganda ) sez you -- bring them on -- the view move past the face of the soldier as they listen . voice why not be sensible -- be sensible and surrender ! soldier ( ad lib ) oh , yeah ! voice be my guest in Germany . dance with we lovely girl -- they know how to entertain nice young man like you . soldier ( call out ) save one for I , sister , I will be right there . mew what a voice -- what a bedroom -- what a -- he cluck . voice I will now sing Germany 's latest hit , with lyric write especially for my nice handsome american friend . ( now hear sing . ) Light for I a cigarette in that small café where we meet . let I feel you finger tip , Linda , Linda , on my lip . where two lover use to be be this echoe wait for I , and do you still wait for I too , as Linda , my love , I wait for you . the view focuss on dondaro and other in scattered tent . dondaro there 's a piece of furniture I would like to push around . sergeant's voice ( rasp ) turn that radio off . the radio be instantly click off . in the ensue silence some of the GI 's quickly pull back into they tent . and we see the group fairly closely , the view favor Lopez as he pick up he guitar . LOPEZ ( as he strum ) it be Nazi music . now it 's mine -- we first german prisoner . we get a long view of the mountain , sky and desert . and over it come Lopez soft strumm of " lili marlene " as if the melody haunt the scene . the view move slowly away from the landscape to the bivouac , pass a lone sentry pace up and down , then rest for a moment on dondaro , he foot out of the tent . he hum as he gaze dreamily at the sky . a little beyond he be gawky , fast asleep , a smile on he grimy face as the mutt snuggle its muzzle under he chin . dondaro ( after hum some more ) pst -- hey , pop ! ( Ernie turn instinctively , though resentfully at this designation ; but dondaro continue brashly : ) why be not you bear a beautiful dame ? ( then , as a afterthought ) or even a ugly one . Ernie , half grin a little uncomfortably , a little nervously , do not quite know how to take it . voice ( ad lib ) hey , why do not you guy pipe down ? dondaro awright ! awright ! ( and we see he closely as he turn over , gaze at the sky . ) tonight , boy -- tonight , I dream in technicolor . we get a fairly close view of Ernie , still cold and uncomfortable , lie on the ground for the first time as the scene slowly dissolves to a curve of road . the convoy of truck be still move forward . the vehicle go past the camera at short interval . the truck carry Ernie swing into view . Bill Walker and the driver can be see in the cab . as the van of the truck bounce by , the view move with it a little way . it be near sundown and the boy be not quite as full of fizz and vinegar as they be at high noon and it 's hot . Inside the troop truck : the view favor the Air Guard who be stolidly chew gum as he keep he eye on the sky . warnicki look up to he . warnicki hey , how much further we get to go ? AIR guard ( stolidly ) about twenty mile . the view slowly pull back to include the other . LOPEZ how far ? AIR guard twenty mile . then you get out and walk another ten -- you know , to get the stiffness out of you . spencer ( indignantly ) where we go ? China ? several sudden dull thud - thud from the distance interrupt he . they be repeat . everyone grow still -- look at each other . spencer ( excitedly ) hey -- that 's ours -- 105 's -- AIR guard ( laconically ) theirs -- 88' -- they all grow tense . the artillery fire again . they all look off toward the horizon , follow which there be a distant view of the horizon ; with the darken hill illumine by flash of artillery fire . then we again see the group , the view favor the AIR guard . warnicki think you say twenty mile -- AIR guard that 's what I say -- twenty mile -- suddenly without warning , he pound the cab-roof with he rifle butt . there be a shriek of brake and the man be half - throw off they foot as the truck stop . whistles and cry be hear . the man be half petrify . Inside the cab : there be a pound on the roof . Walker have already jump on the seat and be open the cab skylight . the driver be hunch over the wheel , face down . we get a fairly close view of the truck as a explosion shake it . the man scramble over its side and we next see the highway at a low angle , with the man jump forward and out of sight , as other , closer explosion shake the earth . a close view of the truck disclose WALKER fire at the diving but still distant stuka . he be alone , utterly expose . in a series of " flash " we see the various GI 's hit the dirt : dondaro and Newman ; warnicki and Spencer ; mew alone ; Lopez and Murph ; Ernie , near gawky who be hugging he dog close . we just get a glimpse of gawky as he pick up the dog and run for the ditch . there be the splatter of the machine gun and the terrifying whine of the stuka as it dive closer . WALKER , see closely , be fire away at the fast approach stuka . as the plane 's engine swoops down , reach its most unbearable pitch , Walker swing around , fire at the plane . his face be gut , hard , perspire . the sound of the stuka recede . we see warnicki and spencer on they knee : spencer ( look , bewilder , up at the sky ) I -- I do not even see he . we see dondaro get to he foot . then as he suddenly realize he 's alive , he face light up with the exhilated exultance of survival . he laugh a little hysterically and look around . the view widen as several of the other gather . they look at each other for a moment , unable to speak with joy at have come through they baptism of fire alive . murphy ( excitedly ) hey -- what would I tell you guy about the Air Corps . warnicki they stink ! mew look at them scram ! dondaro the yella belly ! dondaro stand there give the italian elbow business . they all start toward the truck . dondaro turn around look for gawky . they all look around and in the expression on they face we know what they see off scene . there be a moment 's still tableau . Lt. Walker come into the scene with the dog under he arm -- he hand the pooch to warnicki . WALKER okay , fella -- in the truck -- in the truck . ( as they slowly start climb in -- softly ) the medic will take care of he . ( harsh again ) come on , get movin ' , get movin ' . Ernie come . he and Walker exchange look . WALKER ( quietly ) first dead 's always the worst . ernie ( without conviction ) I suppose so . Walker walk away . Ernie look after he with a deep understanding . we then see the truck as Ernie climb into it and it start off . Ernie take he place between mew and dondaro . the man be sadden , silent , gaze in the direction of gawky , and we next see gawky lie in the distance against the background of a burn truck , and a lone medic make he way toward the figure on the ground . a little gust of wind be blow sand toward the body . the scene cut back to the group on the truck . mew ( quietly ) guess he will not never get that letter from that Gordon dame now . dondaro ( spitting ; harshly ) that make them even . she will not get no more from he neither . silence -- except for the space thud of shell in the distance . Ernie look around at the man , and we see that they be subdued , quiet , tense . the dusk deepen . the burst of shell come closer , louder . then we get a close view of ernie and dondaro . ernie ( quietly ) what be gawky 's last name ? dondaro ( simply ) Henderson . the scene dissolves to a long view of a detrucking point at gray dawn . a steady , bone -chill rain come down as the truck disgorge they man . jumping off from the rear of one of the truck into the splash mud , we boy form up into the line off scene . Walker be stand by the truck . continue thud of shell throughout -- much closer now . shiver , he take he place in line . he 's follow by mew , then warnicki and the pup , then Ernie . Ernie look like a wet cat . as he pile off , Walker turn to he . WALKER well , Mr. pyle -- this be the end of the line . we be liable to run into a little trouble from here on . we have get a couple of jeep go back -- ernie ( hesitate for a moment , fully aware of the other wait for he reply ) do you mind if I go all the way ? WALKER ( after a brief pause ) well , it 's you funeral -- Ernie fall into line , as we hear shout of " all right , fall in " and " be this trip necessary ? " there be a close move view of the man in file move up , past the rain drench truck , as one soldier declare " here we be get amphibious . " dondaro and warnicki exchange a glance of jocular respect in Ernie 's direction . the thunder of the gun momentarily grow louder . the man 's glance stray upward . they expression turn grim as they look -- toward the hill which flare up with a spasm of artillery fire . this dissolves to a picture of GI boot in the rain pick up wad of muck as they slog on through the mud . the view move up to the bow head of mew and dondaro . the rain fall with constant , steady penetration . dondaro ( half -look about ) hey , where 's the little guy ? mew pop ? dondaro what d'ya mean , pop. Ernie . mew Ernie 's a little way back -- they turn and look over they shoulder , and we next see -- plugging he way up the incline -- a small , drench figure , fall slowly but steadily behind , despite he effort to keep up . the scene then cut back to dondaro and mew shaking they head as they plow on . dondaro he 's over thirty - eight . he do not need to be here . mew be here ! he can even go home ! but there be a wry respect in they tone . the artillery fire come closer as they slog on , and the scene dissolves to a long view of the troops march endlessly in the rain . they be more tired and they tempo be slower now . the company commander be see in the background . company commander ( yell ) okay , man . fall out and take a break . we see dondaro , murphy , mew and ernie slump to the ground exhaust . this cut to a close view of a GI 's head and shoulder . forked around he neck be heavy machine - gun tripod . as he stagger to the side of the road it be as if he be undergo some medieval torture . sweat pour down he deep -line , unshaven face as he remove the tripod and wearily sink in the mud with it . this cut to a long view of the boy . they be seat and lie in various posture of complete exhaustion . the same company commander rise in the foreground as a runner come up to he . company commander ( in a matter - of - fact tone ) okay , man , let 's get go . as they all start to rise , joe , the eternal soldier , meekly take up the tripod , sling it over he neck , pull himself up and slog on . the scene dissolves to a view of the marching troops : then to ernie as he drag himself up to a stone on the side of the road and sit down ! he 's poope . despite the cold rain , he take he helmet off and wipe the perspiration from he brow . he look over he shoulder and wave the gang on . the angle widen , keep ernie in the fore . quite a distance off now , Walker 's company be head up through a defile . a couple of the boy turn and wave back to Ernie before they disappear around a bend . ernie , see closely , reach into he pocket for a cigarette . wet -finger , he finally get a cigarette out and then vainly try to light a match in the rain . after some effort , he get the precious flame light and be bring it up to the bedraggle cigarette when the water pour down from he helmet drench everything . he dash the limp cigarette to the ground . there be the sound of troops move off . Ernie turn and , in a fairly long view , as see from he angle we see : come up the narrow road another line of troops approach Ernie and go in a direction at right angle to that take by Walker 's company . they too be mud-cake , weary look , but with a certain cockiness about they . they call out jauntily as they pass Ernie . -- one of the man fall slightly out of line . GI how about get my name in the paper ? Harry fletcher , ashtabula , Ohio . ernie ( grin ) sure . what will I say ? the angle widen to include the soldier as he move on . GI ( yell back ) ... anything , just so the folk back home see my name in the paper ... and now another soldier call out to he . GI hey , Ernie . tell Cleveland , Joe mccloskey be win the war -- single-handed . we get a close view of ernie as he watch the soldier move on . ernie' voice win the war single - hand -- Joe mccloskey who mix soda in the corner drugstore and Harry fletcher who just hang out he law shingle -- Danny goodman who check you oil in the summer and study medicine in the fall , and here they be , face a deadly enemy in a strange and far away land . this be they baptism of fire -- with chaos -- in defiance -- go up the brink of death in the night time -- puzzle -- afraid -- each boy face the worst moment of he life -- alone -- it be a battle without let - up -- and it be go against we . he wipe he face thoughtfully and then get up to join the line as the scene fade out . [ B ] the interior of a farmhouse fade in . it be dusk . the old batter farmhouse have be convert into a command post . Lieutenant strobel , he face strain to the point beyond exhaustion , be at the phone which have be set up on a box . on the wall behind he be a tear field map ; sergeant fleer near it . several man lie huddle in sleep in the shadow of the room . Lt. Wilson sit slump on a box . dusk be rapidly fall and there be a chill and spiritual darkness about the scene which be sense more in the weariness of the man 's face , body , and dust and sweat - clotted uniform , than in the fail light . it be that final weariness which man can endure while they still move , talk when they have to , or even fight again when they must . continuous sound of gun fire be hear throughout . strobel ( half - asleep at the phone ) two day ago we be do fine ... go to kick the ... and ' parade into ... parade into .... doze off without finish . suddenly he jerk awake and grab the phone . strobel ( into the phone ; automatically ) first battalion ... first battalion . he look a bit bewilder as he hear no reply -- and hang up . strobel ( smile wanly ) keep hearing it all the time .... ( then ) try to reach Walker again ... see how he 's ... strobel to Walker . over . a burst of shell fire blot out he word . from another angle , which include the door , we see Ernie as he enter , batter and wear . he limp over to sgt. fleer , who be mark he map with the aid of a flashlight . strobel shut that door ! ernie ( wearily ) sorry . how we doin ' ? fleer ( after a pause ; morosely ) it 's not so good .... get we " zeroed " in with artillery on two side . they can fan a fly 's tail in mid-flight if it 's dumb enough to show .... a terrific explosion burst directly overhead . the two man instinctively dive to the floor . -- we see the two man on the floor as they be about to rise , but before they can do so , a second explosion shake the house . fleer look over at Ernie . fleer ( a little angrily ) you be a correspondent . what in hell d'ya want to get up so close for ? Ernie be a little apologetic at he lack of good sense . ernie you get I ! they start to rise shakily , the angle widen . fleer ( spitting ) if I be out there and I be not scared -- I would get scared now ... suddenly there 's a burst of gun fire , flatter and nearer than the shell fire . fleer ( laconically ) send in they heavies . lo. wilson ( limping over ) lousy kraut . sneak out , fire a few round at we lighter stuff and then chase back to cover .... fleer glance at the map , the view move in . fleer only thing between we and they be Walker 's gang . strobel not many man . fleer ( point to the spot on the road ) yeah -- it 's a lucky thing they hun do not know it -- yet . strobel ( into the phone ) first battalion ... right. ... withdraw somer position to Hill 362 .... fleer do so . his new pencil mark make a definite dent in the right flank . strobel strobel to Walker . strobel to Walker . over ... can not seem to reach Walker ... the three man exchange silent glance . they turn away . the phone ring . strobel ( answer it ) first battalion ... D company . yes , sir . ... I see ... no , sir , Colonel hunt have not get back yet from he reconnaissance ... he ... col . hunt' voice ( cut in ) who be it , Ralph ? the angle widen revealing Colonel hunt stand in the doorway . a pfc close the door behind he . hunt 's tired old - young face , lean as shell splinter , be rowelle with exhaustion . strobel Captain Horton , sir . report four of he mortar knock out . he 's pretty badly shot up . all stare at hunt . after a moment he make he decision . hunt tell he to pull back to Hill 148 and dig in . strobel right , sir . ( over the radio ) D company . hello . ... D company . hello ... ( his voice frantic ) they do not answer , Colonel ... col . hunt keep try . strobel right , sir . silence -- the significance of Horton 's sudden silence sink in . hunt stare singly at the man in the room . they stare back at he through the half - light . when he come to Ernie , he pause . fleer ( quietly explain ) correspondent ... hello ... ernie hi ! strobel ( still try to make contact ) hello -- hello . hunt just look at Ernie and then go over to the map , sway slightly from exhaustion as he go . we see the man group around the map , the view favor hunt . the man have gather around hunt . he close he eye for a moment and then open they . hunt both flank be go . we center 's weak . we be just spread too thin ... they throw we in to try to bluff and hold they . the lousy kraut be beginning to find out ... the man listen ; the shadow in they exhaust face be deeppen by the flashlight hold under they . hunt they be pour more and more strength through the pass . yeah , and despite all the fairy storey , a good green man can not beat a seasoned , crafty veteran -- especially when the veteran get throw together . strobel ( quietly ) benson 's through , sir -- they knock he out when they come through the pass . hunt ( he lip press together ; shrugging ) well , there it be . all we get in front of we be Robert 's and Walker 's outfit . a little more than a company . they be not enough to hold the jerries back .... but if the infantry stick it out -- ( decisively ) -- we will too . he look around for any contrary opinion . there be none . the man move silently away . lang come in from the next room . lang there 's some hot coffee and bean on the fire , sir ... hunt no , thanks . fleer I could use some . he look inquiringly at hunt . hunt sink to a box without replying . there be a shell burst close by . the man hunch within themselves . the building tremble and subside . ernie I , too . strobel ( try the phone ) D company -- hello , hello . -- they do not answer , Colonel . hunt okay . they follow lang toward a side doorway , follow which we see they flashlight they way down a narrow passageway toward the kitchen . two more shell burst just overhead . the passageway be too narrow for they to do anything but huddle against the wall until the tremble building subside . fleer he 's beginning to split the plate . the view move with they down a stairway lead to the kitchen on the ground level . next we see they in the kitchen move across to the stove and be force to step across a young girl 's leg as they go ... then we see the girl from Ernie 's angle . only a slight tremble of she body and a tighter grip of she chair reveal any reaction . her eye still remain fix into space . there be the sound of the door open . the scene cut back to the main room of the farmhouse , the officer ' dugout , where colonel hunt be seat in the foreground . the door open . hunt look up . Walker enter the room and come toward he . Walker 's unshaven face be gaunt with weariness ; he uniform gray with cake mud . hunt ( tensely ) how 's it go , Walker ? WALKER ( he voice deadly tired ) oh -- we be hold out okay , sir ... we phone go dead ... Captain Roberts send I up to see if there be any -- any change in plan -- or -- or what ... well , if there be -- hunt glance over to strobel , who be listen intently at the phone . strobel shake he head . hunt ( to Walker ) no . no change -- yet -- better stick around for a while . Walker turn away , the scene move with he as he go wearily toward a box . Ernie , precede by lang , come out of the passageway . Ernie and Walker stare at each other for a moment , they eye expressive of all they thought . behind they , in the shadow , fleer and Wilson return to the room . suddenly , as Walker sink to a box , all sound of gun fire cease outside . a deadly and ominous silence fall over the room . the man lift they head , strain they eye , they body tense . the silence be sharply cut by the jangle of the phone . voice over radio Day to hunt ... Day to hunt ... over ... strobel ( who have lift the phone ) hunt to Day . over . voice over radio withdraw tank position -- Zebra 87 . Zebra 87 . over and out . hunt 's lip tighten . there 's a brief pause . then he speak : hunt fleer -- put all this papers in the fireplace . -- fleer burn them , sir ? a wider angle show everyone tensely watch hunt , wait for he decision . hunt 's face mirror he brief hope that he can still hold . hunt not yet . fleer quickly go about the business of gather up the company document lie on box near strobel , take they to a small fireplace at the right . suddenly the sound of shell fire start again in the distance . and as suddenly the door burst open and a wear and bloody soldier stagger into the room . several flashlight turn on he as the view swiftly move in to he . it be warnicki , bleed profusely from a cheek wound , he eye glaze , he tongue thick with shock . warnicki ( panting ; thickly ) Lieutenant Walker -- Lieutenant Walker -- WALKER ( who be at be side ) what be it , sergeant ? in he shocked state warnicki do not recognize he . he start move on . warnicki Lieutenant Walker ... get to see Lieutenant Walker ... Walker hold he , turn he around . the other gather around . WALKER here I be , warnicki ! warnicki never see anything like it . never see anything like it in my life . a faint look of recognition flicker in warnicki 's daze eye . he try to talk , but he tongue be too thick with shock . WALKER ( soothingly ; he voice surprisingly soft ) take it easy . easy -- boy -- easy . .... someone -- lang -- come up with a drink . warnicki gulp it ; seem to revive -- recognize Walker 's friendly face for the first time . he begin to talk , he lip still stammer . warnicki th-their heavy t-tanks overran we position -- p- point blank ! Point blank , sir ... have to get out ... have to get out . get some of the man behind the hill . do the best I could , sir ... do the best I could . the man be see closely , the view favor hunt , as he watch warnicki 's agonize face and hear he word . hunt ( decisively ) fleer , burn the papers ... a officer at he side start to protest . hunt ( a little sharply ) this will be the first time I ever order any outfit out of anywhere . I wonder when we be go to start win this war . he turn to the other , the angle widen . the flame of the company papers cast a eerie dance light over the scene . hunt strobel , notify the company commander we be pull out . ( grimly ) we will save what we can for another day . all right , man , on you foot . strobel strobel to Day . ... come in . over . voice over radio Day to strobel . over . strobel scram ... scram . ... over and out . hunt start toward the door , follow by the various officer and man , the view move with they to the door . fleer ( to Ernie , nodd toward a " sleep " man ) come on ... he 's dead . the view " hold " on the door , as the man hurry , limping grimly into the night . the dance flame of the burn papers be reflect on the door as the scene fade out . [ C ] a rocky landscape fade in . there be a long view of the countryside as soldier be wind over a hill and come forward . then we see ernie seat at a typewriter in the foreground . as he type , he be see drink coffee from a flask and soaking he foot in a helmet fill with water . ernie ( as he type ) american boy -- beat -- beat badly . one of the few time in we history . it be a bitter and humiliate experience , and Joe mccloskey be wonder what the folk back home in Cleveland be think of he now ; -- as we look back on that first defeat and the bloody victory that follow we realize that only battle experience can make a combat soldier . killing be a rough business -- man live rough and talk tough . -- jimmie o'brien -- 1918 -- State ... we see a GI stand near Ernie , look over he shoulder . jimmie hi , Ernie , thanks for put my name in the paper -- I believe I will get a commission -- ernie selling what ? jimmie I and my buddy -- e-l-b-r-i-g-h -t ... ernie that be cute the way he tell the joke . jimmie best outfit in the whole army . ernie ( continue to type ) on a dull day you can always get a fight in the Army by argue which be the best outfit . in a year I have be to a lot of place and learn to love a lot of man . one special place in my heart be with the boy I would start with . everybody else have a company and I feel I have one too -- company C -- 18th infantry . and I be wonder about wingless Murphy , sergeant warnicki and Lt. Bill Walker and a funny little mutt name ayrab . the scene dissolves , show the boot of GIS on a dusty road . the boot , hard and encrust , look as though they have be slogging over three of the five continent and be well on they way over the next two . tagging along with they , like a lean , gray - dust veteran , be ayrab , the company pup . as the swirl of dust rise , the view move up and reveal dondaro and Murphy . they look tough , whiskery , hard - shell -- and weary as they march on . MURPH hey , dondaro ... what town do we take today ? dondaro San raviolo . MURPH do not we take that one yesterday ? dondaro naw , that be San something elsio . they walk on for a few moment . ernie' voice ( come over the scene ) have not see them in a long time -- now I set out to find them . they would be through a lot by now -- Conquest of Sicily -- murderous landing in salerno -- hammer down the long hard road to Rome .... we now see a steep hill as we man slog up a few step , reach a level spot . Walker climb into view . WALKER all right , man . fall out . Chow up . the man flop wearily to the ground . MURPH ( as he stretch out ) you know after this war be over I be gonna get I a map and find out where I have be . mew , nearby , glance off and grin . he nod across the road , whereupon the view move slightly to include a windmill stand in a field . it bear the manufacturer 's sign : " meline company , Illinois . " the GI 's on the ground be startle by a loud , but distant reverberation which shatter the otherwise peaceful scene . Spencer , who have be doze , wake up , alarmed . as the boy sink back and relax again , we hear the noise of truck grind up the hill , immediately follow by a cry of " mail call . " Spencer and the other instantly come awake and run off in the direction of the cry , and we next see they gather around the jeep wait for they mail . the jeep be one of several other supply truck that be still come up and parking . as the lucky one get they letter , they go off by themselves to read they . -- as the view move past they it stop at the various boy . one kiss he letter surreptitiously ; another frown ; a third , dondaro , laugh aloud . as he continue to read , the camera move on past Lopez whose smile - wreathe face nod , " Si , si , si , " as he read , then pause on mew who seem puzzle as he turn a official look paper over . mew hey , what 's this ? spencer ( look over ) you insurance form . what 's the matter with you -- you forget to put in the beneficiary 's name . mew what 's that ? spencer anybody whose name you put in there get the 10,000 semoleo . mew ( a little take aback ) anybody whose name I put there get ... spencer ( laconically ) yeah . and you would better put it in before the next shindig , bub , or there will not be no dough . stick you old lady 's name down and you be okay . mew I be not get no -- spencer ( shortly ) you old man , then . ( as mew shake he head ) ai not you get no relative ? mew grin and again shake he head . spencer ( a little impatiently ) well , stick anybody 's name down . you do not wanna let all that dough go to waste . he go , leave mew grin like a potential millionaire . but suddenly a worried look appear on mew 's face . whom shall he put down ? here he have all this bounty to dispense but -- suddenly he face light up . he start to put a name down -- then change he mind . he 's in a quandary . he look around and suddenly spot warnicki . his face light up as he hurry over to he . mew ( elatedly ) hey , sarge -- what do you know ! yesterday I be not worth a plugge nickel , today I can throw ten thousand buck away just like that . but warnicki have he own little problem . he 's hold a large flat cardboard package and he do not know what to make of it . he keep turn it over . ayrab keep leaping around he , think the package be something for he . mew ( suddenly catch by warnicki 's package ; inquisitively ) what have you get there ? somethin ' to eat ? warnicki I dunno . mew well , open it . how're you gonna find out unless you open it ? warnicki that 's a idea . his dirty , claw - like hand rip the wrapping off and it 's wrap better than a onion . warnicki finally reach the bottom layer , revealing -- a phonograph disc . he quickly read its label and he grizzle pug 's face light up . warnicki it 's from the old lady ! look what she do . she have the kid 's voice put on a record . junior 's voice . he could not even say mar - mar when I leave . mew ( delighted for he ) geez . let 's listen to it . warnicki who 's get a phonograph around here ? mew maybe they get one in the next town . warnicki yeah ! what be we wait for ! let 's get go ! as he whirl off with no other think than get to the next italian town as quickly as possible , there be a sudden shriek of brake near he . he almost drop the record . -- a jeep have nearly run warnicki down . warnicki turn in sudden murderous anger . his expression have swiftly change . there 's really a killer in he expression . warnicki ( start toward the jeep ; humorlessly ) why do not you look where you be go you -- we now get a close view of the jeep and its occupant : the driver and Ernie . Ernie look haggard , wear , combat - strain , start to smile , but suddenly he become anxious as this murderous look animal in khaki bear down on he . warnicki ( glower ) get outa that jeep and I will beat you brain out -- ( suddenly he stop . ) hey , it 's Ernie ! it 's the little guy ! Ernie relax . it be a bad moment . but he do not have a chance to savor he relief , for other have come crowd up . dondaro it 's pyle . Ernie beam , shake hand on all side . GI be ( ad libbing ) see any dame ? what 's be keep ya ? good to see you , Ernie . be save sugar for you , Ernie . at last I meet Ernie pyle , now I can write the old man and he can relax . benedict here we go again . every time you show up there 's a big battle . that 's the way it be in tunisia . you better check you dog tag , boy . you know something -- my old man say I look like you ! ernie yeah , that 's I . I go around start war . a guy 's gotta make a live . gotta have something to write about . good to see you boy again . at this point , Walker appear , bring the expect news . WALKER on you foot man , we be pull out .... ernie ( see Walker , who be a Captain now ) hi , Bill . WALKER ( warmly ) hi , Ernie . the sergeant 's voice ring out -- and be echoed down the line . the GI 's slouch off , obey the whistle . Ernie get out of the car , and we see he with Walker . ernie ( grin ; with a glance at Walker 's bar ) well , I see you have be go up in the world -- congratulation . WALKER ( glance at he shoulder ) oh , this . thanks . ( with a grim smile ) you know that 's because I survive longer than the other looey 's , I guess . okay , sergeant . move them out ! Ernie and Walker start move down the line as the sergeant 's whistle blow again . ernie how be you , wingless . how 's the Air Corps ? murphy ' fraid the buddy system 's get I . ernie I too . ( Ernie glance off toward the man ; grin , to Walker : ) well , you get a outfit now ? WALKER ( grimly ) you bet you life we be a outfit . Ernie again look off toward the man , and we see , from he and Walker 's angle , the GI 's slogging down the road . there be something about they slouching stride , they cold , intent , impersonal movement , the way they carry they rifle , the slant of they shoulder that characterize they , set they apart . ernie they look tough . WALKER they be tough ... ( quietly ; grimly ) they be killer . something in Walker 's tone make Ernie look up . he look directly ahead . the reverberation of heavy shelling come from the not too distant right . Walker look off , he lip compress . WALKER ( grimly ) and they would better be . Ernie glance up at Walker . his face too be grave , as the two slog on and disappear . the scene dissolves to a batter signpost , with GI 's march in the foreground . the signpost read : roma 188 km. cassino 19 km. San vittorio 3 km. we see a long view of san vittorio under heavy artillery bombardment , then a san vittorio STREET . slam - bang furiously through the battle - cloud piazza , a anti-tank 37 swing into action against a shell - spitting pillbox block its way . with workmanlike precision the five - man team blast shell after shell at the pill - box ... in the background a pack of wild dog run howling through the street ... ( throughout the follow sequence of street fight , there be the continuous rat- tat of machine - gun fire , ping of sniper bullet and the blast and boom of shell . ) before a theater : a bazooka team dive through enemy fire to the protection of some rubble . they wham away at a shell - tear , sniper- infest theater . as they inch forward the rear man be hit by machine - gun fire . glancing back only momentarily , the front man carry on alone amid the machine - gun fire from the theater .... a narrow STREET : a tank plow through a narrow street blast at the house on either side . its side seem to swell with each shell burst . half -expose , the tank guide blaze away in a circular fire . now come into the clear , gun ablaze , the tank sprint across a avenue , nimbly crunch up the step of a public building and smashes through its wall -- and continue on ... a shell -torn STREET : a squad of GI 's whirl around the corner in the background only to be pin down by a rain of machine - gun fire from a rooftop in the foreground . they swiftly dive behind some rubble on the ground . one of the GI 's ( Murph ) in the rear , slink off to the right . a corner build : press against the wall , Murph come around the corner of the building in a almost careless slouch . we get a close view of MURPH unpin a grenade . he hurl it with a over-hand motion to the roof - top above he . and wait -- with a almost comically meditative patience . there be a blast above he . smoke and powder billow out of the smashed window . Murph kick open the door and peer in . he pop out again , he mud-cake face split in a grin as he hold up three finger . we see ernie peer out cautiously from behind some rubble in the direction of the street fight . he 's evidently make up he mind to dash across the street . bullet spatter all about . suddenly there 's a lull -- and he chance it . -- as he dart across , double over , several rifle shot ping at he . he reach a wall , from behind which Walker be cover he , fire with cold precision at the sniper . we get a close view of ernie and WALKER : Ernie be panting and sweat . ernie when you be in the infantry -- there 's no way to reach a ripe old age . several bullet splinter the brick above they . Walker swiftly fire back . the enemy be silence . WALKER ( he eye glint ) I be gonna build I a highway to Berlin over they ... the rattle of machine - gun fire cut he word . this be immediately follow by a cry of " medic ! medic ! " from another angle we see mew and Spencer hide behind some rubble . with they be a medic who have just finish bandage a wounded GI . the cry of " medic ! " come over . the medic exchange a short swift glance with mew and grimly crawl off in the direction of the cry . suddenly Spencer raise he rifle upward . next we see dondaro , sweat and breathe hard , break into a small cafe where there be a sudden scream . he be about to shoot when he see a young , dishevel , frighten , but obviously handsome , woman back away in a corner . dondaro ( almost to himself ) the Promised land . ( grinning softly ) hiya , babe -- as he approach , she back away slightly . her look of fright have disappear ; she lip part in a soft , sultry smile . they be both breathe hard , they eye fastened to each other . the war outside have vanish , have be forget completely -- if anything , enhance and add excitement to they meeting . dondaro ( in italian , softly ) my bone tell I all the time you be wait right here for I , babe -- amelia ( she eye suddenly widen with a new delight ; in italian ) you -- americano - -! you speak beautiful italian - -! dondaro ( as he move closer to she ; in italian ) yes , from Brooklyn ... gift to italian womanhood . the liaison officer . you long lose cousin . amelia ( delighted with he italian ) bello ! bello ! you speak my language ! his hand stray to she hip . dondaro ( half italian , half English ) listen , rainbow , even if I be dumb , I would still speak you language . Si ? her eye glance sidelong down at he hand and then back at he . amelia ( softly ) si. with a throaty little laugh , she slip excitingly away from he to behind the counter . he swiftly follow she . suddenly they look at each other and word be superfluous . he grab and kiss she fiercely -- pour all he hunger , loneliness , anguish , dream in that kiss . she yield , return he kiss with the same intense hunger . as he bend she back , they figure be hide by the counter . the view hold on the hall -- shattered shelf with break wine bottle . the beat and throb of the battle outside come over . Machine gun fire suddenly rake the wall , send down a shower of glass . but still they do not come up for air . suddenly there 's a burst of nearby shellfire , shaking the house . dondaro lift he head , daze . he slowly seem to remember where he be , what 's go on outside . he shiver as if pull himself together . dondaro ( disgust ) there 's that ... ( another shell burst ) ... war again . sound like they be paging I -- he release she and hurry toward the spot where he drop he rifle . Amelia , tremble , cling to he . amelia ( in italian ) oh -- no ! do not go ! dondaro ( in English ; half tempt ) honest , rainbow , this hurt I more than it do you -- he kiss she again ; quickly this time -- and pick up he rifle . dondaro ( in English ) I will be back , do not worry -- he start toward the door . amelia ( shaking she head ; in italian ) I do not understand what you mean -- dondaro ( stop ; with a grin ; in italian ) when I get back -- you will understand -- ( in English ) -- okay , okay -- ( he gesture ; in italian . ) you wait here . Si ? she nod with a little laugh . amelia ( in break English ) okay -- okay . as dondaro hurry toward the door , he turn . Amelia smile , and nod eagerly . dondaro open the door . the sound of battle grow louder . grinning , he pause only long enough to note the number " 29 " on the door , and duck into the battle - riddled street . the town square : in the foreground , warnicki , Walker and Rogers , grimly move down the rubble - strewn square seek out sniper . suddenly Rogers , bring up the rear , step on a hide mine . there 's a terrific explosion . warnicki and Walker flatten out . as the shower of rock and smoke subside , they look back . Rogers have completely disappear from the face of the earth . they lip frame soundless curse . grimly they start forward again , only to be suddenly pin down by a sharp hail of bullet from the right . swiftly they dive behind some rubble and peer in the direction of a half - ruin church diagonally across the street . WALKER where 's we platoon ? warnicki up the street . WALKER look like this one 's on we . warnicki okay . I will cover you . the church belfry come into view and we see a pair of german sniper fire down at warnicki and Walker from the window , follow which warnicki and WALKER be see fire back futilely . WALKER let 's go to church , warnicki . warnicki okay . wait a minute . Walker nod and keep fire as warnicki quickly unloosen a smoke - grenade from he belt . the two man act in accord , as a team , without word . warnicki remove he carefully blankete record and lay it in a little cache amidst the rubble . warnicki ( patting it as he might a child ) you stay there , junior . papa will be right back . he hurl the grenade into the street . -- we see the STREET as it be instantly fill with obscure smoke . warnicki and Walker dive into it . a frantic spray of bullet from the church seek they out . -- through the thinning smoke , warnicki and Walker , uninjured , be reveal tensely flatten against the wall . Walker be about to dash into the church . but warnicki check he . he loosen another grenade and hurl it through the door . again smoke blot out the scene ; again the excited search spray of tommy - gun fire . Inside the church : smoke still fill the scene . but the sound of the gunfire be strangely different . it echoe and re-echoe eerily through the cavernous building . suddenly it cease . the scene be fill with a deathly stillness as the last echo die away . as the smoke thin we see warnicki and Walker hide behind a pile of rubble . they listen tensely . they scarcely dare breathe as they peer about cautiously . there be not a sound , not a movement in the half - demolish church . a single fade ray of sunlight shoot down through the tear roof . the rest be in massive shadow . the statue of a angel stand like a ghost in the half - light . before the altar lie a heap of rubble . the stillness be fill with a awesome terror ; death may spit instantly from any shadow niche or crevice . WALKER ( barely audible ) pst ! ( suddenly he shout out a taunting insult . ) lousy kraut schwein ! as the shout echoe and re-echoe against the wall , from somewhere a other shout come over . sniper' voice americanische schiese ! the shout and the echoe intermingle in weird and bewilder reverberation . Walker , ready to shoot , do not . the echoe be too bewilder . warnicki grimly realize something must be do to get the sniper to disclose they position . silently he gesture he intent to draw the german 's fire by dash across to a pillar toward the alter . as he do so , Walker be to cover he . Walker nod . warnicki tensely set himself . we get a wider angle of the church , with warnicki and Walker in the foreground . as warnicki with a cry of " lousy kraut swine ! " expose himself by swiftly diving across from the rubble heap to the pillar , a shot ring out . shot and cry reverberate . we see WALKER swiftly fire toward the gallery , and then the gallery as a sniper tumble forward , follow which the view widen to disclose warnicki , hide behind the pillar , indicate he 's all right . they grin at each other . they be breathe hard with the tension . Walker lift he finger indicate " that be one , but there be two . " he gesture it 's he turn now to try warnicki 's trick . warnicki grin and bow he acquiescence . we get a close move view of WALKER as he dive with a cry toward another rubble heap near the altar -- but there be no revealing shot . warnicki tense to fire , look puzzle . he look across at Walker . they look troubled , let down . where be that other german ? warnicki shout again . but only he own voice echoe through the church . stillness again . a more ominous stillness . slowly a rifle barrel appear between the wing of the statue of the angel , aim downward . -- warnicki swiftly fire at the angel , and we see it , then , toppling with the sniper . warnicki and Walker rise from they place with audible sigh of relief . warnicki it 's a funny place to be kill man in , be not it ? and on this word Walker go toward the sniper near the angel , while warnicki , in he simple gratitude , pick he way over the rubble to the altar . through a narrow break in the debris -- a perfect sightline for a sniper -- warnicki can be see kneel to cross himself in devotion . a shot ring out . -- simultaneous with the shot , warnicki bow he head . the bullet pierce through the top of the helmet , miss he skull by the fraction of a inch , cause by he bow . thereupon the scene tilt upward past warnicki to the belfry . warnicki swiftly swing around . he fire at a sniper expose in the belfry . he hit he . the sniper stagger and grab at the bell - rope to steady himself . the bell begin to toll -- slowly , with a death - like knell . warnicki and Walker drill steel at the sway body , until the german 's grasp loosen and he body plunge downward . as he fall , he plunge give momentum to the swinging bell , and its rhythm accelerate into a joyous , triumphant ring , echoing and re-echoing through the church as the scene fade out . [ D ] a window fade in ; the sound of the church bell still ringing over the scene . a old , wrinkle woman timidly peer out from behind the battle - scar , shattered window . she look uncertainly up and down the street . evidently reassure , she stick a small american flag in a corner of the window , a broad smile wrinkling she face . -- Fresh american troops pour across the piazza . several ambulance of the surgical unit drive by . Old italian villager with child and bundle trudge back wearily but happily , to they home . in the foreground -- the engineer have begin to repair the shattered bridge . -- outside the CITY hall , a vociferous crowd be angrily milling around the shattered doorway . they drag out a rat-face civilian from he hide place . they shower he with blow , cursing : " fascista manure traittore ! " as he coweringly run they outrage gauntlet . several mp 's enter the scene and take the fascist in tow . mp sergeant okay , guy ! we will handle he from here on ! as the mp 's drag he off , the villager still spit and hurl they curse in the traitor 's face . we next see a STREET corner where GI 's be distribute hot soup and bread from a food truck to a long line of woman , child and old man . the child gulp they food down without chew , as if they have never eat before . grin gradually suffuse they face as the hot food begin to take effect . one little girl look up at the ladling GI . cries of " Viva americano , Viva americano " be hear . a STREET intersection come into view . a double file of german prisoner , guard by GI 's , come down a side street . some be still a surly , arrogant - look lot . other be beat to a point of cretinism . a couple of signal Corps cameramen run up and take picture of they . -- the view swing sharply toward a side street where several return villager be poring over the rubble in the middle of the street . -- a middle - aged couple stand forlornly look at the wreckage of a shop . the man hold a child in he arm ; beside the woman stand a little rag girl -- obviously they child . there be a black armband around the man 's sleeve . -- tear fill they eye as they view the wreckage of they life 's work . he look up at the ruin building . they all follow he gaze , and we see american flag appear in many window -- smiling through they tear , the little group enter they wreck shop and start to straighten it up . -- then we see another STREET as the fresh GI 's march down , a bunch of child tagging after they , brashly importune . child americano cigarette ! gimme ! one , a rag boy in a GI barrack bag with name , serial number , etc. , imprint across the seat , be particularly persistent . boy gimme americano cigarette ! gimme . GI cigarettes be no good for child -- go away -- go away . boy ( plead ) gimme ! gimme ! I americano ! GI sure . you name 's GI Joe , be not it . boy Si , si! me. GI Joe ! ( as the GI laugh ) cigarette ! cigarette ! GI ( reach into he pocket ) cigarettes no bono for kid . he throw the child a small package , and the boy expertly catch it . it 's a bar of chocolate . the boy bite into it and grin . then he run after the GI ; and in the distance we see he take the GI 's hand and go off skip as the scene dissolves to the outskirt of the town . lying around in various stage of exhaustion , on both side of a tree-line road , be we GI 's . dondaro have take off a mud-cake shoe and be examine he arch . nearby Ernie be wash a extra pair of sock in he tin helmet . warnicki be lie back on he equipment stare at the sky , a wisp of grass between he tooth , ayrab at he foot . mew keep polish he rifle ; Murph be yawn . -- dondaro let out a groan . dondaro if this war do not kill I first , my foot will . warnicki ( with a jaw -crack yawn ) I , I feel like forty - five . Ernie wring out he hose . ernie I feel like I be too . and I damn near be . mew how old be you ? ernie forty -three . dondaro I be twenty - six . if I know I would live to be forty - three I would not have a worry in the world . ernie oh , yes you would . ( he empty he helmet . ) you would be just like I . worry whether you would ever get to be forty - four . Spencer come into the scene . spencer hey , guy -- we get twelve hour rest until they rebuild that bridge -- dondaro ( leaping up as a bright idea suddenly strike he ) stop pooch ! ross where 's that whizz bang go ? ernie I know I be go to get some sleep . dondaro hop around on one foot , try to get he shoe on and lace in a hurry . warnicki have a bright idea of he own . he reach under he equipment for junior 's blankete record . Murph just relax . spencer ( swinging into the scene ) hey , Murph -- hey , Murphy . that red - head nurse of yours be in town -- you know , you fiancee ! MURPH be she ? ross what a lucky guy you be -- meeting a girl you be engage to in the States way over here . MURPH ( sit up , leaden - eye ) hey , do you hear that ? my ever lovin ' be come to town . but it still take a moment before this news penetrate he sleep - befog mind . the scene then dissolves to a full view of a portable delousing unit . the delouse mechanism be at both end of four shower . the man feed they combat clothes in at one end , stand in line for they shower , and emerge cleanse at the other end to receive they delouse clothing . a qm sergeant -- snappily uniform , clean shaven , wear horn - rimmed glass -- direct the operation . sergeant ( officiously ) okay man , you three minute be up now -- move out of there -- come on , get out of there . ( he be greet with ad lib . ) snap it up , man ! two minute to lather -- one to rinse ! we have not get all day ! ( barking at a bather ) what do you think this be -- a bubble -bath ? mew and another GI , both bearded , dirty , exhaust , stop before the sergeant and stare at he " fruit salad , " he ribbon . mew ( innocently ) hey , sarge , what 's all that ? sergeant this ? mew yeah , yeah . sergeant ( proudly ; pedantically ) well , the yellow one be for National Defense ; the red and white be for very good conduct ; and the real pretty one with all the color , be for be in this theatre of operation . mew ( in amazement ) no kid ! GI ( innocently ) yeah . know any good war storey , sarge ? sergeant yeah , as a matter of fact -- ( laugh ) oh , come on , you three minute be up . spencer and LOPEZ , naked , be wait in line to shower . spencer ( look toward the shower ) hey , look at Murph . -- he 's fall to sleep on he foot . he push toward Murph , whom we then see under the shower . bearded , hollow - eye , he desperately try to keep he eye open as he lather . Spencer come up to he and poke he . spencer ( troubled ) hey , Murph , come on ! this be you big day ! MURPH ( heroically ; between glob of water ) okay . if Red want to go through with it , I be game . he almost fall asleep there and then ; Spencer shake he as the scene dissolves out . amelia' STREET dissolves in as dondaro come tear down to door no. 29 , and as he disappear through the door it slam close . -- this dissolves to another STREET where warnicki , hold he blankete record , come up to a group of italian . ayrab be with he . warnicki hey ! know where I can find a phonograph ? ( the group do not seem to understand . ) a phonograph -- a victrola -- a music box , see ? what 's the matter ? you can not understand plain English ? heart -broken in they eagerness to be helpful , the italian volubly canvass each other . warnicki watch hopefully . we get a close view of ayrab look up , a little ashamed of he master for even deign to listen to this jabber . then we see the crowd again . no luck ; none understand . warnicki 's face " neons . " warnicki look -- a phonograph , a victrola , a music box . he motion as if wind a machine . a light dawns on one of the woman . woman ( in a rise scale ) oh ! oh !! oh !! she also make a wind motion . warnicki nod . the woman hurry into she ruin house . warnicki ( elate ) she 's get one , ayrab ! we be gonna get to hear junior yet ! the italian be delighted . jabber , they assure warnicki she 's a smart woman , a fine woman , a brilliant woman . she will find it . and there she come with a old - fashioned coffee - grinder . the italian look eagerly at warnicki -- and be crestfallen at he look of disgust . warnicki no! no! no !! ( another idea hit he . ) look -- ( he star sing . ) " oh , Marie ! oh , Marie ! did-da-da-tum ti-da-dum - ti-da-dum - - " again the italian brighten . eager to oblige they liberator they sing too . italian " oh , Marie -- oh , Marie - - " warnicki ( with abysmal disgust ) aw , nut ! he continue down the street , ayrab after he . the italian helplessly twirl they finger at they temple as the scene dissolves out . a half blow out build dissolves in , the view move up along the shattered building past one demolish floor , then another , and then a third , hold on warnicki in the bomb-shatter flat , where he have finally unearth a batter old portable victrola . warnicki , with a intense , happy gleam , examine the batter phonograph , try to make it go . he press the lever . nothing happen . he spin the plate with he finger . but all he can get be a grind noise . warnicki listen : warnicki Little rusty -- ( the scene widen to include ayrab cock he ear . ) ayrab , you be gonna hear junior , or else ... hastily he search through he pocket for a knife , as the scene dissolves . the scene dissolves to a close view of MURPH soap up he two - week beard before a mirror propped against he helmet . his eyelid still weigh a ton . as he start a jaw - break yawn , the view expands , disclose a half - ruin cottage . mew , Spencer and Lopez be with Murph . Lopez be practice a wedding march . Murph yawn again . spencer hey , cut that out ! you can not let Red down now . mew if you do , the best man'll take over . MURPH ( shaking he head ) I be afraid I will fall asleep and cut my fool head off with this eytalian razor . spencer so what ? if we can not marry you , we will bury you . he signal Lopez to go on with the music . LOPEZ , also yawn , start to play the wedding march again , when suddenly there 's a metallic crash . LOPEZ ay dime ! look at that ! and we see that Murph have collapse over the table . spencer he 's fold ! gimme that razor . I do a little barber in my time . the whole town must have shave with this thing . mew hand Murph 's razor to Spencer . Spencer pull back Murph 's head with a professional flourish and start to shave he . a soldier , Jacob , come run in while this go on . jacob everything 's fix to the Queen 's taste . spencer ( as he shave ) get Ernie . he 's gonna give the bride away . mew yeah ! we will get this wedding in the papers . mew start toward the door . LOPEZ ' voice get the Captain , too . he 's a okay Joe . as mew and trenton hurry out the scene dissolves to a view of the batter phonograph . the plate whirl about merrily . warnicki be voice ( elate ) it work ! what do I tell you ! it work ! the scene expands and we see that warnicki 's sweaty face be light with joy . ayrab 's head follow the revolve plate suspiciously . treasuringly , warnicki unwrap the record , place it carefully on the plate and crank up the motor . but as he 's about to lower the arm , he discover that it lack a needle . warnicki ( dismay ) no needle . frantically , he search around the box . no needle . he look around the apartment , see a break - down dresser . he rush to it in almost a frenzy of excitement , and search through the drawer for a needle . the scene dissolves to a barn . sleep comfortably on a pile of hay , be Ernie . his snore come regular and sweet . mew hurry in and try to awaken he . mew Ernie -- ernie ( rouse himself ) ugh . mew wake up . we need you . Red want you to give she away . ernie ( too sleepy to know what he 's talk about ) what I wanna give she away for ? I like Red . he turn over and go back to sleep . mew ( shaking he ) hey , do not go back to sleep . ernie ( slurring ) oh , leave I alone . the only way you will get I out of here be to carry I out . mew we figure on that too . he look off and give a sharp whistle . the angle widen as Jacob and another GI , carry a stretcher , come up to Ernie . they roll we very sleepy and very astonished correspondent on to it , and haul he away . this dissolves to a shatter apartment , where , in the fade daylight , warnicki be break off the tip of a safety pin which he have find . as he bend it forward and backward , he bearded face gleam with sweat and excitement . suddenly the pin snap off , needle size . feverishly , he put the needle in place , almost fumble it in he anxiety . he pick up the record , kiss it and breathlessly replace it . warnicki ( in a whisper of excitement ) here go , ay-rab -- junior 's goin ' to talk to he papa . he press the lever . the record whirl around . gently , perspiration tipping he nose , he place the needle on the record -- and the " sweetest voice in the world " go backward --! victrola ( screeching ) a-gul -ub ! a-gul -ub ! a-gul -ub ! ayrab jump back , bark indignantly . warnicki 's face be a study in dismay and disappointment . hastily , he shut the phonograph off . warnicki ( almost apologetically , to ayrab ) backward ! I be a son-of - a - suddenly , there 's a sharp whistle from down below . spencer' voice hey , warnicki --! warnicki look down , and from he angle we look down below , across the street : the wedding procession be near the ruin church . twilight be fast fall . spencer ( call up ) come on , warnicki ! Murph 's get marry . warnicki ( hastily gather up the phonograph and record ) I will fix it later . come on -- he hurry over to the stair and start down , ayrab with he , the scene cut to the church . led by Lopez and Spencer , play the wedding March , the procession move slowly toward the altar and the Army chaplain . Red be on Ernie 's arm . Murph , best -man by mew , wait for they beside a rubble heap at the altar . Walker be in the procession . various GI 's bring up the rear . as they reach the altar , the music stop and they form before the chaplain , who be now see close ; he be wear a steal over he uniform . chaplain dearly beloved , we be gather here ... MURPH and red be see close . Murph have court plaster patch over he face . he valiantly try to keep he eye open . Red 's eye be shine . chaplain voice ... in the sight of God and this company ... now warnicki appear at the church door . he almost stumble over the threshold . warnicki ( caution ayrab ) sh! sh ! as he clumsily tiptoe to the outer fringe of the wedding party , we hear the chaplain 's voice continue : chaplain voice ... to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony . twilight be now turn to night , as the scene cut to the chaplain and to some GI 's with Ernie among they . chaplain who giveth this woman to be marry to this man ? no one move . several eye turn on Ernie , who be then see close . Ernie 's eye and think be far away . after a pause , the chaplain repeat : chaplain voice who giveth this woman to be marry to this man ? Ernie come to himself and step forward as the angle widen . a little sheepishly he take Red 's hand . ernie I do . Red press he hand and smile at he as , embarrassed , he return to he place . chaplain ( to Murph ) repeat after I -- I , Robert Murphy take thee , Elizabeth ... to be my wedd wife ... to have and to hold from this day forward ... Murph repeat each phrase after the chaplain . we get a close shot of mew . he be beam . suddenly he get a idea . he look secretively about he , withdraw he insurance blank and with a stubby pencil write some figure on it as the chaplain 's voice come over , Murph repeat . chaplain voice ... for better , for worse ... for richer , for poorer ... in sickness and in health ... we see the insurance blank . it be mark : beneficiary -- warnicki -- $ 2,000 junior -- $ 2,000 . and now mew 's stubby pencil add -- Mrs. Murphy -- $ 2,000 . red and MURPH be see close as the chaplain continue : chaplain voice ... to love and to cherish , till death we do part .... it be night now outside , and german dive bomber appear in the sky . we see the chaplain in the foreground , in the church , as he continue with the wedding ceremony . chaplain that whom God hath join together -- ( rushing the ceremony as the sound of the dive bomber increase and the bomber go into action ) ... let no man put asunder ... hit the dirt ! he throw himself flat . the whole party follow suit . the shell explode with a bang beyond the ruin wall . warnicki , in the background , cover the phonograph and record with he body . we see red and MURPH on the ground . MURPH ( half - cover Red 's body ) take a better man than that to put we asunder . they kiss , and the scene dissolves to a move view of the newlywed as , accompany by the musician and they escort , they reach the edge of a road . mew ( suddenly yell out ) procession -- halt ! okay , kid ... it 's yours . grinning he point off to the right , and the view move past a ruin wall and " hold " on a wreck ambulance with a sign plant beside it : " bridal suite . " where once the door be , blanket have be tack and looped back with GI neckty . a horseshoe be suspend over the entrance ; a batter field telephone at one side be mark : " room service . " Red and Murph enter the scene , laugh and breathless . red ( look back ) boy -- honestly , thanks . and Murph sweep up Red and carry she over the threshold . -- this cut to the wedding party , the face display varied emotion as they stare across at the marry pair . next , in the ambulance , Murph remove the neckty , and the blanket drop over the entrance . the blanket be chalk with huge letter : do not disturb . this cut to the wedding party outside . the man have not move ; they stand and stare . warnicki ( finally ; gruffly ) awright ... what be you guy look at ? ... let 's get go . they start to leave . Lopez , however , sit down with he guitar , deliberately turn he back to the ambulance . LOPEZ ( sing as he strum ) tu ere , lupita , divina como los rayo del sol -- as Lopez ' sing come over , the GI 's move away , one by one , they thought far away . they be join by superimpose image of they beloved one : warnicki hold junior in he arm with mollie by he side , Ernie with " that girl , " Spencer , with he mother , etc . then , as they recede down the night - shadow road , the superimpose figure have vanish . the man be alone , forlorn . LOPEZ ' voice tu es la flor nicaragua en la morada de amore . we see ayrab near the ambulance . he have remain behind . he cock he head curiously , up toward the ambulance . Lopez ' sing continue . Inside the ambulance Murph have collapse , and be fast asleep . tenderly , Red bend down and kiss he as she tuck the blanket over he . Lopez ' song can be hear from outside . the view look toward snow - cap cassino . flashes of artillery burst on the horizon . LOPEZ ' voice recibe se esta cancion tu ere , lupita , divina como los rayo del sol ... his voice fade away . and now only the low rumble of distant gunfire be hear as the scene fade out . [ E ] the road leading from the city fade in at dawn . the GI 's , lead by Walker and Ernie , be slogging on again in the gray dawn . the view move past several GI 's to warnicki and mew , then to Murph , gloomily think of the brilliant figure he cut on he honeymoon ; then to dondaro tear up the road , double quick . Beyond he lie the town of San vittorio . reaching the line he sneak in furtively between Spencer and Murph . -- he look wonderfully relaxed , in sharp contrast to the other . suddenly he be attract to something on Murph 's back , which we see from dondaro' viewpoint : some company wag have chalk on it , " just married . " -- dondaro grin . Spencer lean over . spencer hey ! ( see dondaro 's beam face ) oh , oh ! ( then ironically ) tell I , dondaro , what 's you power over woman ? dondaro ( glibly give he recipe ) klk ! klk ! ( look around , grin ) whatsamatter with you guy , you all look tired ? Murph 's doleful face look over at dondaro . they face be a perfect study in contrast . dondaro grin . dondaro ( cheerily ) good morning , dear . as Murph start to curse , the scene dissolves to a move view of a road favor WALKER and ernie . the GI 's spirit have rise with the sun . Walker , however , have a troubled look on he face as he look ahead . WALKER I do not like it -- too quiet . ernie maybe they have pull back all the way to Rome -- WALKER ( shaking he head doubtfully ) uh uh -- from another angle we see several GI 's ; have meet no opposition , they be feel pretty chipper . spencer a walk - away -- a walk - away -- LOPEZ at this rate we will be in Rome in three day . spencer ( with a sly dig ) maybe dondaro will give we a knock - down to some of he cousin -- klk ! klk ! as they turn a bend in the road , dondaro suddenly spot someone up ahead . this dissolves to a rocky hillside at dusk . tense , cautious , wary of attack , we company spread out to occupy the hill slope . the man watchfully work they way toward the crest on which stand a old stone farmhouse . it be a rocky defile . somewhere beyond that gap be the enemy . we see the crest of the hill , the stone house in the background . crawl up to the crest be Walker and Ernie . Walker look through he binocular . WALKER look at that old monastery . so peaceful -- ( handing the glass to Ernie ) you would never think ... the scene cut to the monastery and mountain : atop mt. cassino , the monastery dominate the entire countryside -- aloof , brood , eternal . WALKER ... there be a war within a thousand mile of it . ernie' voice or a thousand year . Ernie hand the glass back . WALKER well , maybe you be right about the kraut pull back to Rome . I do not get it , though -- ( shake he head ) if they want to slug it out here , they can make it plenty tough ... at this , the scream of several shell split the air . Ernie and Walker " hit the dirt " and start scramble down the slope . as the GI 's scramble behind rock for cover , shell after shell burst on the hillside . the stonehouse be strike . we get a view of a shell crater as Ernie tumble into it and cower from repeat explosion . we next see a shallow foxhole with field phone and rock . Walker 's runner duck behind the rock as Walker scramble into the foxhole and grab the phone . WALKER ( into the phone ) get I artillery Fire Control . ( he duck as debris fall . ) Pete ? Walker . y'know that building on top of the mountain ? in a close view of a american observation post we see lt . peterson at the phone . pete ( look off ) the monastery ? WALKER ( at the phone ) call it that if you want to , but I call it , in military term , a observation post . if you do not want to get we all kill you have better give it the work . we get a close view of WALKER at the phone . pete' voice can not . get a order about it . Religious shrine . WALKER ( angrily , as a shell scream over ) do that sound like religion to you ? he reach up and place the telephone on the parapet of the foxhole . -- this cut to a close view of peterson as the explosion nearly wreck he phone . he grimace . we again see the hillside , with the monastery and mountain in the background . a pierce cry of " medic ! medic ! " rise as more shell scream over . in the distance the monastery stand like a symbol of eternal tranquillity -- ostensibly beyond reach of violence . the scene dissolves to a hillside at twilight in the rain . the man be wearily digging they foxhole deeper , make use of the terrain for add protection . in the foreground Ernie be watch a patrol , lead by warnicki , slog past the shattered stonehouse with its little shrine as the scene dissolves to a full view , shoot toward a defile at night in the rain . lit by flash of distant artillery , the remnant of the patrol straggle back . they be drunk with exhaustion and foul beyond recognition . as they pass , the view move to Ernie , watch ... warnicki all right , man -- let 's go ! ( to Ernie ) lose three . the scene dissolves to a outcrop of shelf rock in a fog . Ernie and mew be widen the entrance to a dugout under the slant shelf of rock . Ernie straighten wearily -- and bang he head against the rocky ceiling . ernie guess it could be deeper . mew yeah , kind of look like we will need a permanent home here . ernie yeah ... he look off , and from Ernie 's angle we see the monastery and mountain still stand aloof and imperturbable . into the scene , head toward the defile , come a sizeable patrol , again lead by warnicki . spencer ( shaking he head ) patrol , patrol , patrol ... one more patrol and I will go nut ! dondaro personally , I would feel a lot healthier if that monastery be not lookin ' down my throat . they head into the defile , and the scene dissolves to a view of the defile as ayrab come romping gaily out of the defile , he tail up like a flag -- he friend be back ! in direct contrast to ayrab , come the man , great leaden hunk of exhaustion . several head stick out of the dugout and silently watch they return . the man separate and head for they foxhole . warnicki head for Walker 's dugout . walker' dugout : lit by a candle , the dugout be dank , wet , dreary , just big enough for three people . Gas can serve as furniture . with Walker be Lieutenant Henry . Walker , haggard and grimy , look up as warnicki enter . warnicki ( with flat weariness ) just get back , Captain ... Drew lot of small arm fire on Hill 457 ... mortar fire 793 ... terrific artillery fire , but could not locate it . ( after a slight pause ) they get Lt. joseph , Spencer and trenton ... michaelson get it in the arm , but I get he back okay . there 's a moment 's pause ; then Walker speak quietly : WALKER okay , Steve ... better get some chow . warnicki turn and wearily go out . Walker turn to he papers . WALKER you take over joseph ' platoon ... henry ( start to leave ) right , sir ... WALKER and , oh -- Henry half turn ; Walker speak without look at he . WALKER ... if Lieutenant joseph have any personal stuff , send them over ... will you ? Henry nod and go . for a moment Walker stare before he ; then shake himself and concentrate on he map . a shell whine over . Walker stiffen . Inside warnicki's dugout as warnicki enter and slump down to a flat rock : this dugout be under a slant rock which seem to crush down oppressively on the men' head . they sit around huddle in they great coat , mud-cake , begrime , exhaust . the only decoration be a picture of Murph 's wife , Red . mew be heating coffee over a fitful fire . Murph , he big knee under he chin , be huddle in a corner sip coffee . dondaro be lie on he back , stare up at the rock . there 's the constant sound of enemy shell slugging over . slow drop of water keep drip on dondaro 's face . dondaro somebody ought to phone the plumber . but he do not move . MURPH you know , it sound pretty silly when you say it , but sometimes rest like this , I get a kick out of just breathe . mew ( offer warnicki a cup ) hot java , Steve -- warnicki no . warnicki shake he head , pick up he batter victrola and spin the platter . it emit some outlandish sound . suddenly there 's a swift succession of shell burst nearby . the entire hillside tremble . fragment of rock fall . no one stir . MURPH ( exasperate ) between the monastery and Steve 's phonograph ... warnicki ( grimly ) I will fix them both before I be through ! two more shell slug the hillside . MURPH ( bitterly ) there go that monastery again . everybody know it 's a observation Post . why do not they bomb it ! there 's a unspoken answer . the man look away , and in a view favor LOPEZ we see he look from one to the other . LOPEZ ( quietly ) I be a Catholic , and I say bomb it to hell ! dondaro check , brother . LOPEZ I get a wife and a kid . think I want to die for a piece of stone ? dondaro ( sighing ) why be not I bear a 4 - F instead of good - look ? which remind he : secretively he pull a small phial from he pocket and pass it under he nose . his eye melt with memory and long . offscene warnicki 's record emit some outlandish sound . the scene dissolves to a hillside . led by a Lieutenant , a squad of replacement trudge up the mule trail , come to a halt before Walker 's dugout . the Lieutenant head toward it . -- he enter and salute . lieutenant Lieutenant hawkins report , sir -- replacement . WALKER ( after a pause ) yeah , I will be right with you . hawkins go . Walker take another sip of coffee , obviously stalling against a job he hate . finally he button he coat and go ; Ernie follow . ernie maid will clean it up later . this cut to the hillside : approach the squad , Walker look over the new man . they be all young . some look eager , some look scared , but all look young . warnicki come up . WALKER okay , sarge , you line the man up . sergeant all right man , fall in . WALKER ( he voice unnecessarily harsh ) you first four -- first platoon -- sergeant warnicki will show you to you hotel suite ... ( as the four man fall out and go with warnicki ) next six -- second platoon -- the corporal will take care of you . the rest of you go with Lt. hawkins -- ( turn to hawkins ) you will replace Lt. Henry -- third platoon . turn right past the mansion , and down the hill and turn to the leave . all right , take over . the man start off . this cut to warnicki and he replacement trudging through the mud . warnicki any of you dogface know anything about a phonograph ? as the man merely exchange puzzle glance , he be disgust . warnicki the cream of the crop , I always get . there 's the scream of shell . everyone dive as geyser of mud and rock cascade , and we get a close view of one of the soldier look out bewilder from a boulder . GI gee -- a guy could get kill here -- the scene dissolves to the group on the hillside : tensely , three lieutenant wait with Walker for some signal . WALKER all right ... let 's synchronize we watch . ( to hawkins ) you stick with sergeant warnicki , Lieutenant . he know the terrain . okay , move out . we see a flash of a american battery abruptly fire a terrific barrage of shell , then the hillside . led by they lieutenant , warnicki and the GI 's start through the defile . Ernie hold ayrab in he arm , grimly watch they . murphy so long , ayrab . ernie ( murmure ) good luck ... his face be blue with cold as the raw wind rip across . the thunder and scream of shell mount . it 's begin to rain . ayrab whine softly and snuggle against Ernie . he pat the pup and continue to stare out bleakly . the rain fall as the scene fade out . [ F ] warnicki's dugout fade in . Ernie be sit alone . ayrab lie disconsolately at he foot . there 's a fire go , coffee bubbling . suddenly ayrab leap up and dash madly out . Ernie look up hopefully . and now he see the return soldier . as the man return and flop down in they corner -- one by one -- sodden mass of mud and exhaustion , Ernie silently count they . there 's Lopez ! and then mew ! pause . and that new kid , whitey ! a longer pause which seem like eternity . and dondaro ! again a long pause . Ernie 's gaze falter , and then there 's ayrab and warnicki ! and that 's all . Ernie watch for Murphy . but that 's all . warnicki my poor aching back . ernie look at the corner where Murphy always sit . then at Red 's picture . then at mew , who slowly take out he tatter insurance paper and a pencil , and start to rub something out , follow which we see the insurance paper : cross out Murph 's name , mew change the sum opposite Mrs. Murphy 's name to $ 4000 . the list now read : warnicki $ 2000 ; junior $ 2000 ; Mrs. Murphy $ 4000 . deeply move , Ernie , who have watch this , rise , take Murph 's wife 's picture off the wall , and go out of the dugout . we then see Ernie come out and Walker , stand at the the entrance of the dugout , watch he disappear over the hill . ernie be then see trudging along , look down at the ground , still stunne by the news , with hunch shoulder and a freeze face . this cut to the correspondent headquarters as Ernie near the shack . prominent over the entrance be a sign that read : newspaper row . directly below this word be the legend : don't look now -- but through these portal pass the world' most beautiful war correspondent . Ernie , still walk slowly , enter the scene and go into the building . Inside the correspondent headquarters , there be three correspondent -- Roberts , landry and ruben . ruben be hunch over he typewriter . as Ernie enter the room , the correspondent look up -- then quickly stand up and make a deep salaam to Ernie . correspondent ( in unison ) we hero ! we hero ! we hero ! ernie what 's the gag ? robert ( subserviently ) you mail , Mr. pyle -- he throw Ernie a crumpled cablegram . ernie thanks . see you already open it . landry why not ? it be mark " personal . " ernie ( smoothing out the cablegram ) what 's in it ? ruben oh , nothing much . you have just win the pulitzer Prize , that 's all . ernie well , I will be darn . reading the cablegram with a blank expression . he be still stunne by Murphy 's death . robert I regret to inform you , Mr. pyle -- you be no longer a newspaperman ... you be now a distinguished journalist -- landry , ruben and Roberts turn they back on Ernie . the view move with Ernie as he walk toward he desk . over the scene we hear ruben 's voice . ruben' voice poor devil will probably be famous now ... landry ( sympathetically ) tsk-tsk-tsk ... Ernie make he way toward he desk , slowly , still numb . he sit down at he typewriter . slowly he put the telegram down and mechanically roll a sheet of paper into the typewriter . he stare at it for a moment , then begin to type . look past ernie' shoulder we see slowly emerge on the sheet of paper the word : " I have long ago come to think of private wingless Murphy as a old , old friend . he be just a plain hoosier boy . " the typewriter move back and forth : " now you could not imagine he ever kill anybody . " Ernie 's eye fill with emotion , he finger be poise for type , but nothing come out . he shake he head , reach for a bottle of liquor in he desk , take a swallow , blink and then begin type furiously as the scene fade out . [ G ] the hillside , the monastery in the background , fade in . the stone house be now only a rubble , the shrine crack . it be raining . in the distance the monastery be dimly see through the mist . this cut to warnicki's dugout . the first thing note be the sound of a radio in this dank , dreary hole . it 's a portable and the boy , huddle in everything they own , be gather around it . the man be listen to the radio . announcer's voice ... it will be a comfort to you to know that you son , wherever they be ... at sea , or in the sky or in they foxhole ... yes , sir , you boy be celebrate too ... with the finest turkey ... cranberry sauce ... and all the fixin 's ... and then the radio start play " I be dream of a White Christmas . " dondaro ( tapping he ration can , out of which he be eat ) tough skin on this bird . wayne ( digging at some bean ) I always like to eat the stuff first . gross ( to a imaginary waiter ) cranberry sauce ... mm , mm ! dondaro poor folk back home . sure get it rugge . warnicki ( at he " vic , " try to play it ; morosely ) shoulda get a phonograph . this dissolves to a battle - scar street at dusk as Ernie , walk hunch through the snow - fill muddy street , see something that attract he attention . then we see the quartermaster's build from Ernie 's viewpoint . through the office window , Walker can be see furiously pound the desk of a startle qmc Lieutenant . WALKER you have turkey ... the other outfit have turkey ... the general have turkey ... my man be go to have turkey . lieutenant ( spluttering ) but we do try to ... WALKER try be not good enough ! ( suddenly , very quietly ) you either get that turkey or the supply Corp be go to have to get themselves a new Lieutenant ! his hand slowly move toward he holster -- and by God , he mean it ! he be hold he gun in a menace attitude . Ernie , unnotice by either , have enter the scene . lieutenant ( nervously ) I will scrounge around and see what I can do , s-sir ... he start . ernie ( innocently ) how about cranberry and stuff ? lieutenant ( turn back ; exasperate ) oh , now -- wait a minute -- WALKER ( after a swift glance at Ernie ; coldly ) cranberry ! lieutenant cranberry ! the Lieutenant nod and go . Walker turn heartily to Ernie . we next see the man on the hillside as jouncing along , laden with provision , Ernie and Walker 's jeep pull to a stop before Walker 's dugout . as the two man hop out and start to unload , warnicki approach . warnicki phone for you , sir . battalion headquarters . Walker and Ernie exchange a glance . WALKER ( ironically ) probably the rule and regulation Committee on uplift and morale ... he start off . Ernie continue to unload with the aid of a couple of GI 's who drift up . Inside walker' dugout : WALKER ( into the phone ) yes , sir ... Captain Walker ... I see ... ( then ; mildly ironic ) just one prisoner or two ... naturally , sir , as many as we can get ... ( his face shadow . ) replacement ... no , they haven t get here yet ... yes , sir ... as he hang up , the angle widen to include warnicki enter . WALKER another patrol ... warnicki ( quietly ) I will go . WALKER like hell you will ! you have be on enough . warnicki ( stolidly ) every step forward be a step closer ... to home . WALKER ( look up at warnicki ; then ) okay . get I ten man ... warnicki start out of the dugout . Walker start get ready . the scene cut to warnicki's dugout . suddenly , through the open , a box appear , follow by Ernie , follow by a GI ( simmon ) . instantly the boy come to life . ernie believe it or not , it 's turkey , on the level ! in less than a second flat , they be at work on that turkey . dondaro wine ? you bring wine ? ernie ( hold a bottle up ) what 's Christmas without wine ? after that little repast one cigar apiece . next we get closeup of warnicki and WALKER , who realize it 's time to go on patrol ; we see they go out of the dugout , Walker look at he watch , and the patrol disappear in the rainy night , the scene fade out . when the dugout fade in again , the boy be in a relaxed mood . Lopez tinkle softly on he by now one-stringed guitar . Wayne puff a corn-cob . Gross chew a wad , dondaro , near Ernie , be luxuriously smoking a cigar . mew be half - asleep . although the air be cold , there 's a feel of old - shoe warmth among they . dondaro ( stretch ) hey , Ernie , you be to Hollywood . ... ever know Carol ... the sound of bombardment burst into the merriment . ernie ( a little startle ) well ... I have meet she ... dondaro ( intrigue ) be it true she 's get that great big ... two shell slam over , drown out he word . dondaro be it ? ernie ( half -embarrass ) that 's the rumor . dondaro ( doubly intrigue ) well , tell I something . be they really on the level ? two more shell slam over . ernie I forget to ask . probably . dondaro klk ! klk ! ( then very seriously ) you be around a lot -- Washington , New York , Hollywood , everywhere , have not you , Ernie ? y'know , when this shindig 's over , I be gonna look you up ... I might ask you to get I a job . ernie yep . the scene cut to the hillside then : returning wearily down the road come Walker , warnicki and two GI 's with a sullen Nazi prisoner in tow . near Walker 's dugout , they be meet by a lieutenant . WALKER ( wearily indicate the Nazi ) take he down to headquarters ... lieutenant ( put the Nazi under guard ) replacement come up , Sir ... he hand Walker a list . Walker take it ; he face shadow . WALKER Fine ... I will assign they ... but we will need five more . ( the lieutenant tow off the nazi. ) get he down to headquarters , and even if it hurt take good care of he . GI but good ! the scene cut to walker' dugout as , lighting a candle , Walker sink wearily to a seat . he almost doze off , but the list of name catch he eye . he try to avoid they , but can not . he lift a bottle from under he box , pour himself a drink and start check off the name ... the scene then cut to warnicki's dugout where enter leadenly , warnicki be greet by the other . ad lib hi , Steve -- save you some turkey , sarge . warnicki silently slump to he corner and concentrate on he victrola . warnicki ( with a sudden growl ) do not want any ... the boy , take aback by this moroseness , exchange glance . Ernie look at warnicki steadily . wayne ( mutter ) sure wish he would get to hear junior . dondaro , meanwhile , have steal across to he duffle - bag and withdraw a small bottle of " aphrodisiac . " he sniff the " ambrosia " ecstatically and secretively dab some behind he ear . -- thereupon , in a fairly close view , favor wayne and gross , we see the latter take off he sock as the pungent " fragrance " penetrate to they corner . Gross sniff and look over at Wayne . Wayne also sniff , look over at Gross . they eye each other suspiciously , then down at the sock -- but shake they head . that 's a " chanel # 5 " from another bottle . sniff , they look around at the other . -- the other have also begin sniff and eyeing each other suspiciously . they eye focus toward innocent Ernie . ernie ( grin wanly ) it 's not I ... wayne klk ! klk ! but as dondaro swiftly slither out , they face light up . the candle splutter and begin to die . Ernie rise and yawn . ernie well , I guess I better turn in . good night , fellow . gi's thanks for the merry Christmas , Ernie . he go amid mumble " good night " and " merry christmase . " the scene then cut to the hillside . as Ernie come out , hunch against the cold , dondaro can be see disappear down the road . Ernie head toward Walker 's dugout ... the distant roll of artillery be hear . -- dondaro slither down the village street and slip into the wine shop . Inside walker' dugout : hollow -ey with fatigue , Walker sit huddle over he papers . the candle flicker fitfully , casting strange shadow on the dank wall . there 's a great loneliness about this man as he sit there in this little hollow tomb carve in this foreign hillside . Ernie be catch by it as he enter . Walker glance up . Ernie go to he with a second joint of turkey he have save for he . ernie ( hand it to he ) merry Christmas , Bill . WALKER ( take it ) merry Christmas , Ernie . his eye shadow ; he look away ; then , as if remember , hold up the bottle . WALKER night cap ? ernie do not mind ... Ernie sink to a seat . there 's only the soft gurgle of the bottle in the silence . they lift they cup and drink . it 's murderous stuff . ernie ( cough ) what 's this -- a secret weapon ? WALKER ( smile ) grappa . italian moonshine . a purple heart with every third drink . ernie ( smile ) I would rather have some good albuquerque sunshine ... WALKER ( wistfully ) it must be pretty nice in New Mexico this time of the year ... ernie sure be ... WALKER always want to get out West -- someday -- maybe -- ernie if you do , look we up . that girl and I will show you how it 's do ... you marry ? WALKER ( fill he cup ) well , yes and no ... she want one thing ; I want another ... she walk out ... chapter close ... he drink , shudder as the drink go down . Ernie finger he cup . again the silence ; only the wail of the wind and the distant rumble of artillery . WALKER ... name ... I have be crossing out old name ... put new name in ... ( he look up and laugh ) you be not the only writer in this bunch ... I have be write too ... he check himself , Ernie glance up , understanding the burden on Walker 's heart . WALKER Jones -- Peterson -- mccarthy -- spidofsky -- Smith ... dear Mrs. Smith , you son die bravely today on the ... he fill he cup again . but do not drink . there be a short laugh from he -- but there 's no laughter in he eye . WALKER and the new kid come up . ... that 's what get you ... some of they have just get fuzz on they face ... we get a close view of ernie listen to he . walker' voice ... they do not know what it 's all about ... and they be scared to death ... we see they together . WALKER ... I know it 's not my fault they get kill but I get so I feel like a murderer ... ( bitterly ) I hate to look at them -- the new one ... ( then , almost mockingly ) drink up , Ernie ... here 's to faid pass ... salerno ... anzio beachhead ... ( he drink ) geez , I be tired ... ernie you better try and get some sleep . WALKER ( laugh ) that remind I of W. c. field ' sure cure for insomnia . get lot of sleep . silence ... the candle flicker . Ernie sip at he cup . WALKER ( fight sleep ) .... name and address ... and hill to be take ... you would be simply amaze at the number of hill still to be take ... ( suddenly look up at Ernie ) tell I , Ernie , why the devil do not you go home ? ernie ( look into he cup ) I have often ask myself . WALKER if only we could create something good out of all this energy and all this man ... ( his voice trail off ) they be the best , Ernie ... the best ... the view draw closer to Ernie as he stare into he cup . ernie ( quietly ) yip ! they live in a world the other world will never know ... even the Air Force ... up there they approach death differently . when they die they be well - feed and clean-shaven ... ( wryly ) if that 's any comfort ... ( he stare ahead deeply move . ) but the GI ... he life so miserable and die so miserable , you just ... he turn toward Walker , stop and smile gently . Walker be asleep in deep exhaustion , head on the table . Ernie rise and put a blanket around Walker 's shoulder . he look down at the sleep man -- then snuff out the candle ... there 's the distant roar of artillery as the scene fade out . [ h ] the hillside fade in as dondaro be return in the pitch before dawn , a happy relaxed expression on he face . he furtively steal past Walker 's dugout . Walker , shiver , come out in the bone-chill morning . WALKER dondaro ! as dondaro shakily approach , Walker look he over keenly , but he tone be amiability itself . the sky 's begin to gray . WALKER ( smile ) have a nice time ? expecting a lace , dondaro be take aback by Walker 's friendly tone . he nod , puzzle . WALKER ( still friendly ) always like to see one of my man get some relaxation ... ( almost intimately ) y'know , dondaro , it would give I a great deal of personal pleasure ... dondaro begin to beam . after all , the cap 's human . maybe he would like a " telephone number " too ... Walker 's sudden cold tone knife he out of he daydream . WALKER ( incisively ) ...to break every bone in you body ! goin ' off down there be one thing ! up here it 's another ! ( dondaro gulp ; Walker blaze . ) now get out ! before I kick the -- dondaro hastily start to scoot . head have begin to stick out of the dugout to listen to this lash . WALKER wait ! ( dondaro halt . ) report to sergeant warnicki . tell he you be go to dig latrine for every man in this company from here to Rome ! Nice deep one . dondaro scoot . the GI 's ' face light with delightful anticipation . a sudden shell - burst slam over as the scene dissolves to a view of the hillside , where , wield a pickaxe , dondaro have dig about two foot of trench . he 's tired , disgust , grimy . gross ' voice you be lucky , dondaro . you be learn a trade . the angle widen to include several GI 's ribbing he . dondaro when this war 's over , I be gonna write a book exposin ' this Army . wayne ( lean over to dondaro ) hey , dondaro , tell I confidentially , be it worth it ? dondaro ( he eye melting ) klk ! klk ! he dig with renew vigor . suddenly there 's a deep all - encompass drine in the sky -- a far-away surge of doom - like sound . they all look up , cry out : gi's hey , look ! look ! in a rise crescendo , a vast armada of plane approach , wave on wave , black out the sky . hurrying out of he dugout , Walker swiftly look at he watch , look at the sky , and start shouting to warnicki -- WALKER ( crisp ; businesslike ) okay , Steve ! let 's go ! warnicki ( shouting to the man ) okay , man . this be what you have be wait for ! okay , man -- let 's go ! on the double ! the GI 's start run up excitedly , fall into they formation ready to start out . ernie' voice ( hear over the scene ) General eisenhower have make he decision . bomb the monastery . if we have to choose ... between destroy a famous building and sacrifice we men' life ... then we men' life count infinitely more . and -- here be one of the grim irony of war -- the very rubble of the monastery become a fortress for the Nazis and they stop we cold . we be right back where we start from . we see the monastery . a bomb explode on the abbey . then three -- then six -- then all hell . -- the hillside seem to lift . -- we see that the entire company be elate at the pasting the monastery be get . ad lib on the button ! paste them one for I ! that 's the old haymaker ! hit them on the kisser ! ton of bomb pulverize the monastery ! the bombardment be volcanic . then in a long view direct toward the stone house and defile we see the man excitedly move out into the defile in a general attack . a GI salute the statue in the niche as he pass . GI so long , St. Chris . we will not be seein ' you no more . next we get a series of view show the withdrawal of the troops from the attack on cassino . limp back , we tank slowly grind past several overturn , still burn , tank . -- this cut to warnicki's dugout as , beat , scarcely able to breathe , we GI 's stumble in and flop down in exhaustion . several be miss ; Wayne and Gross be go ... dondaro lift he head and look around . dondaro warnicki -- be not he back ? this cut to the hillside , near the defile . Walker move tensely about , hunch in he rain coat . his nerve-strained face keep look toward the mist-filled defile . but there be no one . only the swirl mist . his lip tighten ... he keep pace ... outside the GI 's dugout , three GI 's look up very much concerned , toward Walker . first GI better take he some coffee ... and keep you eye on he , too . one of they , babyface Pete , start toward Walker with a pot of steaming coffee . second GI ( to another GI ) when be we hittin ' them again ? GI ( glance at he watch ) eighteen hundred . WALKER stop as babyface Pete approach , silently offer he coffee . WALKER ( gratefully ) no , thanks . ... pete it 's hot . WALKER no thanks , Pete . he continue pace , keep he eye on the defile . babyface move off behind a boulder and watch Walker . still pace , Walker anxiously glance at he watch and then toward the defile . still only the swirl mist ... -- hopelessly now , Walker slowly start back toward the dugout . but suddenly he hear something in the defile . he look up , he eye lighting .... and in a distant view of the defile , slowly emerge out of the mist , we see a great leaden , mud-cake figure -- a mass of fatigue and weariness -- warnicki ! Walker start to he with a cry of joy ... but the cry fade as he see the abysmal weariness in warnicki 's face . warnicki ( tonelessly ) tough time gettin ' back , sir . Walker nod , and warnicki slog leadenly toward the dugout . we get a close shot of WALKER stare after warnicki . his eye be fill with pain . then the scene cut to warnicki's dugout . enter , warnicki slump down to he corner . he do nothing but sit there for a moment , just breathe . ayrab sidle up and lick he tear , mud-cake hand . then , automatically , without think , warnicki reach down for the one comfort that have sustained he so long . his horny blood - tear hand bring the phonograph to he knee and habitually , as he have do so often before , he thick finger fumble at the lever -- the disc revolve -- but now , instead of the usual grate sound , there emerge from it the sweetest , softest , most innocent voice in the world . junior 's childish treble ... and ... woman' voice come on junior , say hello to you daddy . junior' voice ( on the phonograph ) hello , daddy ... hello , daddy ... hello , daddy ... hello , daddy ... hello , daddy ... the callouse mud-cake hand near the phonograph tremble . the view slowly move up to warnicki be face . and it 's a horrible , terrifying thing to see . for this face of rock , this granite face , this face that have endure every torture and abomination of war , be crack . crack as a child 's voice innocently sing on and on -- voice hello , daddy ... hello , daddy ... hello , daddy ... the giant frame of the man seethes with a volcanic emotion ; the tear burn out of he eye . his breath come in short torture gasp . and suddenly he can endure no more . he rise and break . and it 's like a great heart break . not weakly , but like a storm suddenly go berserk . warnicki ( terrifyingly ; between gasp ) if it be not for they , I would be home with junior ... I would be home with little junior . I will ... I will kill every mother 's son of they ... I will kill they ! he lunge fiercely toward the open . dondaro grab he ! the phonograph go on and on ... spring at he , Waters and moss try to stop he . but he toss they aside like chip . -- tearing out of the dugout , warnicki bull wildly toward the defile , tear past Walker . warnicki if it be not for they ... I would be home with little junior ! if it be not for they ! ... I will kill them ! WALKER ( sharply ) warnicki ! warnicki ! but warnicki do not hear . he have only one think . to get at that Nazis who have destroy so much of he and everyone 's happiness . to rip they apart with he own bare hand ! dondaro , come down from the road , leap at warnicki . but warnicki throw he aside ... -- Walker hurl himself in a football tackle at the frenzied man -- the two man go down in a heap near the ruin of the stone house . but warnicki lash himself free . dondaro now pounce on . and Waters and moss ! but all four can not hold warnicki in he berserk strength ... from the dugout phonograph continue on ... warnicki ( froth fiercely ) Little junior ... Little junior ! let I go ! what 's the matter with you ? you son of a -- his wildness seize all of they like a contagion . they battle with he frenziedly , until ... Walker suddenly shoot over four sharp vicious jab to the button , and warnicki sag ... they let he down gently ... the phonograph wind down ... stop ... -- Waters and moss bend over warnicki ... Walker and dondaro stand there panting ... finally they help warnicki up , but as they do they hear -- warnicki's voice ( mutter like a gibber idiot ) ... hello , daddy ... hello , daddy ... hello , daddy ... hello ... go on , junior ... say hello to daddy ... hello , daddy , hello , daddy , hello , daddy ... deeply shake , Walker fight to keep from turn away . the man look to he for help . WALKER ( he voice treacherously uneven ) take he to the medic .... but now , as they lead the still gibber warnicki off with ayrab dance playfully at he shambling foot , a lieutenant swiftly run up to Walker . ( in the background the company be form for the attack . ) WALKER ( grimly ) all right , man , let 's do something about that . ernie' voice the machine have do they best but it be not enough . now come the time , as it do in every war , for the great fight machine of they all -- the infantry soldier -- to go in and slug it out . the scene dissolves and be follow by a series of scene represent the victorious attack of the infantry , conclude with a close view of a signpost at night . it read " roma " with a arrow point up ahead . then we see the road to rome as a long surge of troops be head upward toward the capital . there be a spirite victorious swing to they movement . the moonlight reflect on they helmet , they rifle , they armor . the sound of battle be faint , intermittent , far to the north ... in the midst of this fresh buoyant troops be Ernie . he slog along with they , a older man , reflectively note they swing , they excited gum chew . snatch of conversation drift around he . ernie where you from , Joe ? GI Louisiana . ernie Louisiana ? good. GI ( look back , smile ) cassino look a lot better from this side . ad lib all away to Rome ! I get a good telephone number there ! as Ernie tiredly smile , he see someone off the road . and on the roadside , with the moonlight on the hill in the background we see a GI who look as though he 's be through battle . Ernie approach he . ernie hey fellow , do you know where the 18th infantry be ? GI this be it . ernie C company --? GI what 's leave of it . he nod over he shoulder . Ernie start up along a narrow trail in the direction of he nod . we then see he come to a glen where lie about , mud-begrime and weary , be several GI 's of we company , among they babyface and moss . they be exhaust , but there be a certain sense of elation over they victory . one of the man be wearily play a harmonica to himself . as Ernie come up , he be greet by one or two -- ad lib hiya , Ernie -- welcome to this side of cassino -- where you be , Ernie ? ernie hiya , boy -- finally make it . covertly he count head as he look around to see which of the GI 's of he company be still there ; which be go . GI ( smile ) guy move up the road look kind of chipper , do not they , Ernie ? ernie sure do ! they look toward the troops on the main road , and next , in the background , a long line of GI 's can be see march up the road to Rome , they helmet glint in the moonlight . -- Ernie continue down the line . GI hi , Ernie . ernie hi , boy . first GI ( not bitterly ) yeah -- we kick the door open and they guy make the grand entrance . second GI let them have they fun -- they be still young . ernie get a extra chair here ? have not you eat that dog yet ? he suddenly stop as across they vision up the hill on the opposite side of the road , come a slow line of mule wind they way down . the mule bear a burden sling across they pack saddle , the nature of which be indistinct . the mule trail be now see , and so be the burden the mule be carry . they be dead body lash , belly down , across the saddle . the stiffen leg stick out awkwardly . the mule be slowly lead toward a cowsh just off the road . the boy silently watch the mule be lead toward a cowsh in the background . the line of troops march toward Rome have pass on . GI 's unlash the body and lift they from the pack saddle and lay they , one after another , in the shadow of the cowsh 's stone wall . GI ( look toward the mule trail ; suddenly , quietly ) it 's dondaro .... they all look up , and we see the mule trail , from they viewpoint . slowly , carefully , a GI be lead a mule with its dead burden down the trail . as he lead the mule toward the cowsh , we see that it 's dondaro . he look half - dead himself . gently , he unlash the body and slide it down the mule . for a moment the dead man be stand on he foot . in the half light he look merely like a sick man stand there lean against dondaro . -- then we see the group . babyface ( in a half whisper ) it 's the cap and ... they watch dondaro lay Walker 's body on the ground in the shadow and sit down near he . -- then we see , from another angle , dondaro sit there stare at Walker . slowly some of the man across the road in the background stir and go toward Walker 's body , one by one , Ernie with they . several remain behind . the man trail slowly up , pause a little distance away from Walker 's body . then one go slowly forward and look down at Walker 's body . Ernie watch they . GI God damn it ! that 's all he say and walk away . and then another GI come up . second GI God damn it to hell , anyways ! he look down for a moment and then he too turn and go . and now a third come up -- a officer and look down into Walker 's face and speak to he directly , as though he be alive . officer I be sorry , old man . and he turn away . finally , babyface file up , and we see walker' body , the view include dondaro and ernie . dondaro remain immobile . the babyface runner come up and speak , not in a whisper , but awfully tenderly . babyface I sure be sorry , sir . and he too go . Ernie watch , deeply move . and now dondaro slowly reach out and take Walker 's dead hand into he own and stare intently into he captain 's dead face , for what seem to be a long time . and he never utter a word ... finally dondaro put the hand down and reach over , gently straighten the point of the captain 's shirt collar . then , tenderly , he sort of rearrange the tatter edge of the uniform around Walker 's wound . -- and this be the gesture that break Ernie completely , as we see he closely . he turn away sharply to hide he emotion , and fight for control , he walk away from the scene , toward the moonlit trail lead to the main road .... leave dondaro and Walker in the shadow background .... the scene then cut to a officer . officer ( quietly ) all right , man -- let 's go . and finally against the background of white wooden cross gleam in the moonlight , we see the troops march onward to Rome . Ernie turn , walk after they . they go off into the distance , become silhouettes in the background , and the film fade out as Ernie conclude : ernie that be we war and we will carry it with we as we go from one battleground to another until it be all over . we will win . I hope we can rejoice with victory -- but humbly -- and that all together we will try , try out of the memory of we anguish , to reassemble we break world into a pattern so firm and so fair that another great war can never again be possible . ( after a pause ) for that beneath the wooden cross there be nothing we can do except perhaps to pause and murmur " thanks , pal . " screenplay by Leopold atlas , guy endore and Philip stevenson Home geovisit ( ) ;