stranglehold write by Mark Evan schwartz Rob kerchner and Brendan broderick property of : concorde / new horizon 11600 San vicente Blvd. Los Angeles , CA 90049 first draft ext chemco compound - day Color 1st anniversary banner flap along with swirl dust and bend vegetation as a helicopter touch down on the chemco grounds , within its tall fence , near its administration building . the banner read chemco malaysia --1st anniversary this be just the beginning . chemco executive be eagerly stand by with a handful of uniform security people , keep a respectful distance . a male spokesperson , well groom and David duke-plastic - surgery handsome , talk into a wireless mike , addressing the camera as he three -man crew tape . he walk toward the front entrance -- spokesperson just twenty mile from kuala lumpur something big 's happen . that something be provide job for family . that something be revitalize a once - depressed local economy . that something be develop new technology for today 's ever- demand world . that something -- be chemco . he smile -- ext front entrance - day a cluster of executive and middle management personnel walk through the front door . spokesperson it 's be a year since chemco open it 's malaysian operation , and the venture be a great success , not only for chemco but for the employee that make up the chemco family . for chemco provide regular wage , benefit , and technical training that will allow they to compete well into the next century ... he pause and smile in front of the camera crew as the executive pass . in the background we see the helicopter door open . int helicopter a aide , wilson , read from a itinerary : wilson okay , we have about a hour . at 2 o'clock we have to be in Malacca and at 8 o'clock we have a dinner in Singapore with the International Conference of banker . william atkins , a wimpy , nervous-look corporate pawn , look out the door . atkins look like they be already underway . ready ? he look back toward -- congresswoman helen filmore , who give herself a last look in a compact mirror . early 30' , she 's attractive , poise , and professional . filmore ready as I will ever be . God it 's humid ... she snap the compact close , pockete it as ryan cooper straighten he tie and put on he jacket . cooper I will lead . filmore why ? be we go dance ? filmore go to leave but Cooper stand in she way . cooper I say I will lead . filmore what be you go to do , Cooper , throw yourself on a bunsen burner ? it 's a bunch of businessman touring a lab . we will be out in no time . cooper I gotta keep you alive -- it 's in my contract . filmore if you be work for I you be go to do what I tell you . cooper I be not work for you , remember ? and I be not too thrilled about this either -- Atkins interject -- atkins helen -- we be already behind schedule . filmore glare at Cooper , who return the stare . she then look to Atkins . filmore let 's just get this over with . helen brushes past Cooper , as do Atkins , who throw he a condescending stare -- Cooper restrain himself , play it cool , slip on he shade -- ext chemco the spokesperson and crew approach the three as they exit the helicopter - spokesperson the chemco legacy begin in Cleveland , where 40 year ago Louis Spencer take a small pharmaceutical company and make it one of the large corporation in the world . today , first - time Ohio congresswoman helen filmore stop by to see how Louis Spencer 's dream continue to grow . filmore extend she hand to pete olo , a handsome local man in he 30' . atkins helen this be Peter olo , director of public relation Pacific region , Peter this be congresswoman helen filmore of Ohio . olo we be deeply honore , Ms. filmore . Malaysia be most appreciative of all that you country have give we . filmore the people here be lovely , Mr. olo . I be the one who be honore , and fill with appreciation . her charm and grace be most convincing . Ryan Cooper stand uncomfortably in the background , eyeing the place -- he notice the security guard , the camera crew -- nothing that suspicious . atkins shall we get start ? olo certainly . after you . everyone head toward the Central Operations bldg . Cooper follow behind . ext central operation - day under the large gleam cylinder run the length of the plant , the crew tape the general manager as he walk and point . filmore and other executive listen , smile plaster to they face : gen mgr ... here we control the heat of the chemical wash that we use to refine the ore ... make it suitable for safe shipping through a complex system of pipe to the waterfront . it 's then ship to Ohio . filmore almost robotically use this opportunity , respond directly to the camera . filmore and that 's create new job there as well , give the Buckeye state a much need boost to its economy . Cooper shake he head . atkins that 's correct . she take a beat turn to olo . filmore can we break for a moment ? olo certainly . filmore I just need a drink of water . be there a fountain nearby ? olo uh , well there 's a soda machine through that door , down the hall . filmore that will be fine -- she turn to Cooper -- filmore go get I a coke . Cooper can only smirk at this request . cooper no can do , mar 'am . you know that . have to keep you in my site at all time . she near Cooper ... filmore just get I a coke and do not argue with I , ok ? cooper I be not argue . I be just tell you what the deal be -- congresswoman . filmore ( under she breath ) look Cooper I do not care what my father say , if you embarrass I here you be go to regret it , understand ? Atkins see that the other be notice - - he approach Cooper with a bunch of coin - - he take Cooper 's hand and slap they in it . Atkins give he a dirty look . atkins a soda sound good . get I one too . diet lemon -lime . normally Cooper would have floor Atkins by now , but he size up the wait crowd , and the situation , and suppress he anger . cooper anything else ? maybe a sandwich ? filmore just the soda , please . Cooper head down the hall . filmore watch he leave , sigh , then turn and smile at the General manager : filmore what 's next ? gen mgr Central Operations , straight ahead . filmore hide she discomfort as Pete olo graciously help she step over a low piece of piping as they move on . int hallway -- Cooper head down the hallway mutter under he breath ... he approach a doorway and a suspicious - look man pop out and shut the door behind he , eyeing Cooper -- Cooper stop and scrutinize he for a second -- cooper you work here ? man yeah ... cooper where 's this soda machine ? the man be catch off-guard . he think it over -- cooper you know , soda ? the man hesitantly point down the hall -- man uh... around that corner . cooper thanks . you have a real nice day , you hear ? Cooper head down the hall -- when he 's clear -- the man quickly disappear the other way . int central operation - day it resemble a war room . filmore look over a board with Atkins , olo , and the General manager . Security maintain a respectful distance . the spokesperson be behind they , face camera : spokesperson we be in Central Operations ... the nerve center of chemco , fill with state - of - the art computer , processor , and monitor . at chemco , the vision of tomorrow be become reality today ... the general manager speak to Atkins and filmore : gen mgr all activity in and around the plant can be monitor and control from this room . Security be important to a plant of this nature -- atkins -- and chemco have a impeccable safety record . the spokesperson approach filmore : spokesperson any thought about chemco or the new plant that you care to comment on , Ms. filmore ? filmore I would like to say it 's a source of great pride to all of we in the States ... to see the technology of today embrace by a place like Malaysia ... to know we have help prepare it ... for the challenge of tomorrow . spokesperson thank you , congresswoman ... olo will that cover it ? atkins I think so . the spokesperson smile as he go over to Atkins . filmore shake the General manager 's hand -- filmore it 's be a pleasure to meet you , sir . gen mgr the pleasure 's be mine , Ms. filmore . atkins uh , helen ? Atkins approach she . atkins they be assemble management for a group shot . they want to get you in there with they . the spokesperson approach filmore -- spokesperson it will not take long -- would you mind ? filmore of course not . wherever you want I . a cluster of middle - and -upper manager collect in the center of the room . int hallway - day close on a soda can drop from a soda machine -- Cooper put the rest of the coin in -- and pick the only choice -- yoo - hoo or other cheesy - chocolate- drink equivalent -- cooper look like yoo- hoo for you pal . he grab the soda and head down the hall -- he cut the corner ... soon he suspect something -- the place be eerily quiet -- too quiet - - he walk back -- int central operation - day the group get in a line as the spokesperson position filmore -- spokesperson why do not you just stand right here about a arm 's length between Mr. ojeda here -- perfect -- thaaat 's it . ok , great , now can I have everyone 's attention ? the room quiet down . spokesperson we promotional director have request a group shot of everyone say the chemco slogan in unison , because it capture the essence of all you hard work here in this first anniversary of the open of this plant . there be a smatter of confuse applause -- spokesperson now on the count of three if we could all give a thumb up and say " this be just the beginning " you would make the people back in Cleveland very happy . filmore cast a unenthusiastic look to Atkins amid some nervous laughter -- filmore you idea ? atkins this be news to I . the spokesperson continue , smile gregariously : spokesperson bear with I here , now on the count of three . ok ?... two video crew member flip open two hard case -- spokesperson one ... the executive awkwardly smile at the camera -- spokesperson two ... the spokesperson look down at the crewmember -- spokesperson ( under he breath ) this will be a shot to remember -- he turn back -- spokesperson Three ! the executive sheepishly give they thumb up and smile : executive this be just the beginning ! the video crewmember whip out machine gun -- and blast the crowd with a hail of gunfire -- head and face blast OPEN --bullet burst through dress - shirt -- Atkins pull filmore to cover -- Wilson manage to flee the room --a gunman chase after he -- olo dive for cover -- the gunfire be merciless -- tear apart the scream crowd - the spokesperson press a button on a panel ; a shrill alarm go off -- int hallway - day the alarm sound and cooper start running -- faster -- he turn a corner and screech to a halt -- gunfire down the hall -- int other hallway a gunman blast some approach security force -- they be brutally wasted -- the gunman back up to the adjacent corridor , firing -- suddenly -- wham !--a soda can smashes he skull , break and shoot soda-- rattling down the hall -- the man crash against a wall , stunne -- cooper grab the gun and crack he over he head before tearing down the hall -- as he approach the next corner -- wham--a rifle butt catch the side of he head -- he crash to the ground , machine gun rattling down the hall -- daze , Cooper grasp for the rifle as we hear the sound of machine gun pin pulled back -- Cooper spin around to see five gunmen aim at he -- a boot smashes Cooper out cold -- gunman take he to richter . he like Americans ... ext guard gate - day two security guard fire .45 's at gunmen who seem to be prolififete like roach around the compound -- they manage to hit one as -- a gunman kneel and fire a small grenade launcher at the concrete guard shack -- direct hit -- the shack explode , " neutralize " the guard -- int laboratory - day a door be bolt shut -- we see several lab technician scramble for a hide place as the door be bashed from the outside -- int hallway two gunmen try to break open the door to no avail -- they stand back and FIRE relentlessly at the door -- int laboratory bullet begin to pierce the door and ricochet past the crouching , terrify technician -- bam ! the door burst open and the technician be wasted --crashing into lab equipment , glass shatter -- int vat area - day wilson run literally for he life , gunman in hot pursuit , wind through a maze of large metal cylinder plaster with warning -- the gunman see a opportunity and fire -- bullet pierce a vat above Wilson -- stream of liquid acid rain down on he -- he scream as acid fries bloody rivulet across he face -- int central operation - day the spokesperson , richter , turn off the alarm . one of the video " crew , " smitty , a humorless hacker with a sink face and a convict 's physique , head straight to the control console and immediately begin breach the system . richter approach the survivor -- fillmore , atkins , olo , the general manager , the vice - president , and three other , all in the process of be blindfolded by two terrorist -- red and mutt . he take the opportunity to seductively tie a blindfold around filmore , eyeing she , while filmore try valiantly to stay cool -- richter enjoy the tour so far ? filmore be you go to kill we ? richter I do not know . if you give I a reason to ... he finish tie the blindfold and casually look at the group . richter for example ... he randomly pick the general manager -- blindfolded , oblivious -- richter ... take the fat man ... Red and mutt grab the General manager , who lose all composure , break down like a child -- gen mgr noooo--noooo-- Red throw he to he knee then kick the back of he head -- he face hit the floor -- bam bam bam ! richter fire three bullet to the head -- filmore listen , rigid with terror -- richter now see , I do not like he tie ... he turn he attention to smitty in front of a security console , display a extensive network of monitor . his headset be on -- richter how go the roll call ? smitty we be secure . takeover team be in position and account for . richter gesture to Red and mutt -- richter ok ... let 's get they downstairs . the terrorist roughly shove the hostage out of the room . richter ( note the time ) the bird be up . it 's show -time ! ext chemco rooftop - day the remain camera crew --black and GREEN -- have tapped into the satellite dish on the roof -- richter open the roof door and survey -- the vast compound ground below he ... he smile , self satisfied . int holding room - day filmore have manage to pull the blindfold down around she neck . four of they remain -- Atkins be on the floor , next to filmore : atkins they do not kill we . it 's a good sign . they be not go to -- you be too important . filmore where be you power of appraisal when you clear they , goddammit ?! atkins ( ruefully ) the credential he present be ... impeccable . she look at he with disgust . filmore I be sure they be . suddenly someone unlocks the door -- filmore react with terror -- cooper slam to the ground and the door slam shut , and be lock -- Cooper slip he bound hand around he leg and yank off he blindfold -- Cooper scan the room , then glare at filmore . cooper do not worry - - " we will be out in no time . " atkins where be you for all this anyhow ? Cooper approach Atkins and grab he by the lapel , slamming he against a wall -- cooper get you a soda , wimp -shit . remember ? Atkins say nothing -- Cooper shove he away -- cooper how thirsty be you now ? CUT to a television screen frame in front of a console in Central Operations , the chemco executive give the thumb up : executive this be just the beginning . they be then blow away -- then the image cut -- int room in DC - day Washington D.C. -- Capitol Hill in the distance though a window . behind close door , three men watch the tv - - one of they be former senator filmore , distinguished man in he seventies , still in he overcoat . sen . filmore my God ... voice ( o.s. ) there 's more ... tv screen there 's a CUT -- richter come on -- stand in central operation speak into a mike , act over - the- top professional : richter we be here with a live exclusive as the world wait with bait breath for a break in the hostage standoff at chemco . early this morning gunman storm the plant , take it over , kill several worker in the process . with I now be chemco executive Henry alonzo . he pull a petrify alonzo into frame . richter Henry , what exactly be this craze gunman demand ? alonzo th-they want t-twenty - f-five million dollar cash -- or chemco will be destroy . richter ( to camera ) twenty -five-million ! ( to alonzo ) and what will they do if the money be not deliver ? alonzo th-th - they will kill one hostage every hour until it be -- richter do that include helen filmore , United States congresswoman ? alonzo y-y -- richter uh-oh ! do you know if the demand be be take seriously at this point , or do Washington think this people be just a bunch of crazy fucker play game ? alonzo ( terrify , stammer ) well , I - I hope that -- that -- richter ( make a buzzing noise ) Times up ! blam !!! richter blows alonzo 's brain out on camera -- the man watch react with horror -- richter sign off in he best professional demeanor . richter this be Gerald richter , report live from Malaysia . do not touch that dial ! he blip off , screen go black , then snow . albert myer , a no -nonsense G-man in he 40' , turn off the tv , while sen . filmore and max white , a middle - age chemco rep , watch . myer come over the satellite . we be keep the bird clear should they call back . sen . filmore she 's still alive . myer the transmission be a hour old ... sen . filmore react accordingly . sen filmore who be this -- Gerald richter ? myer refer to a dossier -- myer FBI have a Gerald richter on file ... twice apply to the academy , twice deny ... Court martial commute to dishonorable discharge from the navy ... a classified diary be confiscate ... he toss a photograph of richter ' S mug shot -- different nose , chin , hair -- myer this be take when richter be arrest in Washington state , 1985 . he be charge with interstate arm trafficking , skip bail , and have since be a fugitive . white chemco be willing to deal with he , meet he demand . I can have the money there in a hour . myer look up at White -- myer the United States government do not strike deal with terrorist , Mr. White . white that plant and the apply technology therein be value at upwards of a billion dollar . myer glare at White , who suddenly realize he callousness -- he look to sen . filmore -- white and -- of course there be the human cost , which be incalculable . myer I be sure you will figure it out . the senator stare deep in contemplation -- sen filmore I know something like this would happen . they must have kill Ryan Cooper . myer Ryan Cooper ! what the hell be he do there ? sen filmore I hand - pick he for the job ! white who 's Ryan Cooper ? myer I will let the senator tell you . sen . filmore look at White : sen filmore Ryan Cooper be a secret service agent that take a bullet for I as I leave a press conference four year ago . white of course , of course -- I remember that ... sen filmore then , when all the god-damn allegation start , I find out that so-called friend have a way of disappear . I find he loyalty refresh and never lose track of he , even after he leave the service . I send he to protect my daughter , but now ... his voice trail off as he get up and look out the window ... sen filmore ... God they have get my little girl . int holding room tension escalate in the windowless room . Cooper notice the security camera mount high in the corner -- filmore what be we go to do ! cooper who 's get match ? pete olo try to dig in he pocket -- olo I have a lighter ! cooper even better . olo pull it out -- cooper Light it ... olo hold out the lighter and light it as Cooper hold he wrist near it -- the rope begin to smolder -- suddenly -- the door unlocks -- Cooper immediately get back in position and sit down -- red and mutt enter and scan the terrify group -- one gunman smell something in the air and look around -- Cooper stare at the ground , clenching he jaw ... the other gunman grab the vice - president who violently struggle -- vice president nooo ! please -- God do not do this ! noooo--noooo -- the other react in horror as the man be drag to he certain death -- the door slam and lock . filmore fix she eye on Cooper , who go back to olo . avoid the security camera , olo light the rope again -- filmore think of something . please ... SNAP ! the rope break -- Cooper 's free - - he scan the room -- atkins what be we go to do ? he head over to the security camera -- he look at it -- cooper get back . smile for the camera guy . Cooper jump up and grab the bracket of the security camera - - and rip it off the wall -- wire pop and crackle -- int central operation close on the monitor blink out -- pan to richter stand over he smitty , who be scan sequence on he computer screen . richter have you break it yet ? we have get six more head and that mean six more hour . smitty I be in to the directory but they have codify the stockpile -- numerically . smitty type at he keyboard -- richter of course it 's codify ! each number probably correspond to a compound . have they pull every compound from the lab and compare it to the code till you figure it out -- that 's what you be here for . smitty I know what I be here for - you do not need to remind I . another terrorist -- bate approach richter : bate a crowd be form outside , we get helicopter overhead -- they're all over we . richter excellent ! bate we have get Washington on the line , we have get chemco on the line -- they really want to talk . richter of course they do ... richter look himself over on a mount mirror , approvingly give himself he professional correspondent 's smile as he comb he hair . richter I think it 's time for a new installment . he turn and approach the vice president , pale and tremble . richter something tell I you do not want to be on tv , friend . smitty richter - we get a problem ! richter turn and face the tech -- smitty the monitor 's off . someone 's fuck around down there . richter really ! they be get feisty , I like that . richter gesture to red and mutt -- richter find out what happen -- and make a example of whoever 's start up . but do not kill they -- we need to count head for now . red and mutt grab they machine gun and head out -- int holding room the hostage wait as they hear the door unlock -- the door burst open--red and mutt look around -- cooper stand , hand free , over the break camera -- the other sit on the floor , hand apparently bound -- Cooper smile at they -- cooper it be like that when I get here . they aim they machine gun when -- wham ! olo pounce on red , grab the gun -- in the split-second that follow Cooper wrench mutt 's gun , twist mutt 's arm sharply -- struggle , red fire into the ceiling --atkin and filmore try to shield themselves - - Cooper take the gun butt and wham ! smashes mutt in the jaw - mutt stagger back as Cooper whirl the gun and smashes he across the face -- mutt whip around and collapse -- red run out of ammo before he bash olo in the face -- olo let go of the gun as -- Cooper spin on he heel , he foot cracking red across the jaw - - he stagger -- bam bam ! a lightning combination send Red to the ground -- out . smolder debris flake from the ceiling , gunsmoke wafting through the room . filmore stare at Cooper in amazement , as do Atkins -- Cooper check mutt 's machine gun -- he also have a .45 automatic on he - - he then look at olo -- cooper you do good . Real good . olo gesture to the .45 . olo I can handle one of that . Cooper be at first reluctant , but decide to give it to he anyway -- olo check the cartridge and flip the safety off -- cooper you can cover the rear . olo soberly nod . filmore what now ? cooper we be outta here -- he head to the door . cooper -- you have a dinner at eight , remember ? int central operation brandish he .45 , richter sit in front of the camera with the vice - president seat next to he , like some perverse talk show guest . richter address he -- richter tell we about the day you decide to work for chemco , that must have be a exciting moment in you life ... tremble , the vice president stare hard at richter -- richter would you care to shed some light on that incident ? I be sure we would all like to know about -- the vice - president spit in richter 's face , keep he steely gaze -- richter calmly wipe the spit off with a hankie and address the camera -- richter this man slay I , lady and gentleman ! but I think we be out of time , so -- red and mutt stagger in , bruise and bloody -- richter get up -- richter what happen ! red they be go ! richter all of they ? red yeah -- they jump we ! richter jee-sus Christ ! you have to be the stupidest -- use the distraction , the vice-president make a run for it -- richter shoot the vice - president in the back , blast he forward -- he crash into some chair --dead . richter calmly look at the cameraman -- richter do you get that ? the cameramen black and GREEN nod in unison -- richter good . we have a hour to find the other -- he look at a humiliate Red and mutt -- richter -- or we use one of you . int room in DC - day the room be now crowded with advisor and assistant . myer be on the phone , listen , watch by Sen. filmore . White sit anxiously in front of the blank television . myer right ... yes sir ... agree . I will let they know . he hang up . sen . filmore well ? myer we have prohibit the network from broadcasting the transmission . sen . filmore good . myer we have a special force squadron out of Thailand surround the compound as we speak . White perk up -- white and what exactly do they intend to do ? myer the ball be in richter 's court . but we be sure as hell not go to sit on we hand while he assassinate people -- we be gonna stop the son- of - a-bitch ! white I do not think you -- grasp -- the situation , Mr. myer . the senator interject -- sen . filmore what do not we grasp , Mr. White ? White 's eye shift away from they -- white meeting violence ... with violence ... could have serious repercussion ... that 's all . Sen. filmore and myer exchange curious look . ext field outside chemco - day several dozen soldier prevent concerned citizen and family member from enter the compound -- a soldier approach lt . jackson , head of the squad , who be on he field telephone -- soldier Lieutenant Jackson sir ! lo. jackson what be it ? soldier Sir we have get confirm dead and I have get people demand to know what happen they relative , wife -- how do you suggest we proceed sir ! lo. jackson just continue what you be do -- placate , then dissipate ! tell they when we know , they will know . soldier what about the confirm casualty , sir ? Lt. Jackson flash a grim look to the soldier -- lo. jackson just placate ... then dissipate . for now . the soldier look back at he -- soldier yes sir . int chemco corridor Cooper lead the survivor down a corridor . Atkins , filmore , and three remain executive follow , Pete olo at the back , .45 in hand , watch the rear -- cooper ( quietly , to olo ) how well do you know this place ? olo we be on sublevel six . we will pass some lab and then we will hit the stairwell -- cooper be the lab in operation ? olo I do not see why they would not be . cooper good ... pause at a turn of a corridor , Cooper glance around the corner -- filmore watch he -- cooper clear . int different corridor a scrambling band of six gunmen tear down the hall , break into two faction and fill the adjacent hallway -- int corridor Cooper approach the glass wall of the lab -- the stairwell up ahead -- int lab gadget fill row of counter , cluttere with a assortment of test tube , beaker , and bunsen burner -- Cooper crash in , and search for chemicals -- filmore what be you do ? he find a glass cabinet -- cooper you know what the boy scout say , filmore -- he smashes the glass with the butt of he rifle and clear the jag shard -- cooper -- be prepare . filmore we do not have time ! cooper yeah and we do not have much ammo either ! he find some powder potassium chlorate , then look at the other -- cooper do not wait on I ! take the stair ! I be right behind you -- atkins let 's go ! reluctantly , filmore follow the other . Cooper then frantically search for something else -- Pov of someone watching cooper -- Cooper find what he want -- sulfuric acid -- suddenly -- the terrorist bate suddenly jump cooper--wrenches he arm -- the gun drop and the two man crash into a counter -- Cooper spin the man and flip he onto a counter , smashing glass coil , beaker -- bate immediately spring up and rip a blade from he belt -- ripping it through the air , he go after Cooper , who barely avoid the blade -- the man slashes wildly -- in a ballsy move Cooper grab the man 's hand in mid slash , stop it dead with a loud slap -- they struggle furiously , crashing into another counter -- bate be on top of Cooper , force the razor - sharp blade dangerously close to he face -- suddenly Cooper shift and let go -- the terrorist 's blade stab the slate counter as Cooper smashes bate ' head with he elbow -- bate crash down as Cooper grab a cork bottle of sulfuric acid and smashes it over the man head -- bate scream in hysterical agony as the acid douse he head -- Cooper roll down and snatch up he gun before blasting the man with a concise burst of gunfire -- bate stagger and crash through the glass wall , collapse halfway into the hall - - Cooper grab another bottle of sulfuric acid before spring out -- int stairwell -- Cooper burst through the door and fly up the step -- three at a time -- int hallway -- Three gunmen tear down the hallway toward the lab -- int stairwell Cooper catch up with the party -- cooper let 's move it we get company ! filmore what happen ! suddenly --bam ! the door burst at the top of the stairwell - several gunman see the party halfway down the step and blast they with gunfire -- a executive be hit with the crossfire and crash down the stair -- cooper get back !! crash ! the bottom door burst open as gunman stream up the stair -- firing -- the escapees be box in -- Cooper gesture to olo -- cooper hold you fire ! hold you fire ! the hallway be fill with deafen gunblast , zipping bullet , panic -- cooper save it !!! olo stop as Cooper see the gunman approach from the rear -- he take the glass jar of potassium chlorate and hurl it at the wall above the approach gunman -- it smashes and coat the gunmen on the stair below -- when they hit the corner Cooper throw the acid -- boom !!! there be a enormous flash and the gunman be instantly immolated , scream and flail , crash down the stair -- cooper ( to olo ) now !!! they charge up the stair -- firing furiously -- olo 's finger fire with blind speed -- another executive get cut down -- olo catch one in the arm - but soon the last gunman fall to the merciless STORM of bullet -- catch they breath they look back , black smoke engulf they -- Cooper motion to the shell - shocked survivor -- cooper move it ! they exit the stairwell -- Cooper grab all the ammo he can off the three dead terrorist above . int room in DC myer be grill White for information . myer so , what be we look at White ? white what do you mean ? myer what do they have in there that 's so valuable ? a cure for aids , a cure for cancer ? white I assure you gentleman if we have something of that magnitude it would not be shelve in a lab somewhere ... myer be there anything in there that can blow ? we have to be ready for any contingency -- white mister myer it be a chemical plant ! there be a number of volatile compound -- but they be safely store away ... myer how safely ? White be under fire . he reach for a drink of water -- white chemco have ... a impeccable safety record . he take a gulp of water -- int central operation a escape gunman -- burn --nurse a burn on he arm , briefing richter . burn I do not know what hit we ! we have they trap on the stairwell . they could be anywhere now . richter I now understand the expression " you get what you pay for ! " a bunch of chump ! burn listen man , I do not need this shit -- smitty ( o.s. ) richter ! richter spin he head -- smitty we just win the lottery , motherfucker . richter stand up and approach the tech -- smitty kz ...7- 0...7 - 0... nine . it check out . richter excellent ... excellent ! richter turn and stare at the burn -- richter you and the fuck - up squad be lucky . the wait game be over ! he turn to that in the room : richter and now , that fortunate enough to still be alive -- and work for this enterprise - - we have reason to celebrate indeed . we be all about to become ... extremely wealthy man ! receiving applause from he delighted comrade , he glance at -- another monitor -- we see the soldier keep citizen at bay outside the compound -- richter beam with pride , turn back to all in central operation . richter but first , my friend , we be gonna do a little test marketing ... int lab a man seal in a biohazard suit have he hand in glove attach to a sealed incubator -- he gingerly open a vial label kz70709 and extract one drop and bring it to a open cannister the size of a soup can . close on the lethal drop tremble at the end of the dropper ... it drop into the cannister -- ext field outside chemco - day talk on the field phone , Lt. Jackson watch as he soldier move among the local who have grow increasingly agitate -- push , shove -- lo. jackson this be Jackson . be get nowhere fast , request authorization for full civilian clearance of the area . Roger that ... he hang up and approach the front gate -- ext front gate - day Jackson pull he automatic pistol from the holster and fire into the air -- the crowd turn and see he , people scream , then quiet down -- lt . jackson lady and gentleman we be face with a hostile takeover ! this man be armed and dangerous and you be hamper we ability to end this situation ! voice ( o.s. ) my husband be in there ! I demand to know what happen ! the voice pipe up with scattered demand and Jackson rise he hand -- lt jackson look ! the sooner you cooperate with we , the sooner we will know what 's go on in there . but for the time be -- sergeant ( o.s. ) lieutenant ! Jackson whip he head around to see the sergeant point to the sky -- he look up -- a smoking projectile spiral from the roof of chemco toward the crowd -- lt jackson everyone hit the ground ! now !! people scream and crash into each other in a scramble to safety -- the projectile drop and roll toward the crowd -- boom !! it burst , emit swirl of gas , a rolling purple cloud -- scream civilian feel they eyeball burn , they lung close -- they claw , scratch , gasp -- Soldiers frantically rip gas mask from backpack , gasp air from they -- a few soldier manage to share with civilian : soldier breathe in -- close you eye ! people convulse as the toxic cloud swirl over they -- soon the cloud dissipate , leave dozen of soldier and civilian dead . Survivors cough and wretch , soldier continue to gasp from they mask -- lt Jackson stare through he mask at the plant -- CUT to a television screen -- another broadcast begin -- richter Gerald richter here with a air quality update . I gotta say , it 's not that good . sen . filmore , myer , and white watch intently : richter it just so happen we get we hand on you kz70709 , and let I tell you , a little dab will do ya . white be ashen face -- richter give that , we feel it 's not too presumptuous to ask for fifty million instead . no there 's nothing wrong with you television , that 's fifty million . we have operator stand by so pick up the phone and call ! this offer 's good while supplies last ! the screen go to black . Sen. filmore and myer glare at White : sen . filmore just what the hell be he talk about ? white we have ... be develop a product ... kz 70709 . myer why the hell do not you tell we this be at stake ! sen . filmore chemco 's be develop nerve gas ? white chemco make many thing senator ! we be under government contract ! myer I have not be brief on any such thing ! white apparently , this project be -- unique . but it 's heavily protect -- all formulas be heavily codify ! myer what the hell be it , anyhow ? white well , it 's a binary formula - - a precise amount of two separate chemical must be expose to the nitrogen in the atmosphere simultaneously for it to work . myer how much do they have ? White look very nervous -- white of the separate chemical -- I do not know , uh , offhand -- sen . filmore how much of this shit do they have , White !! white they must have get they hand on a test vial ! sen . filmore what do that mean ? white there 's enough in one vial ... he look at the man gravely -- white ...to kill everything for mile . this be become too much for the senator . sen filmore I do not understand this ! I do not understand why they do not listen ! why they do not talk ! dammit do not they see we be willing to agree to whatever they want ! he get up . sen . filmore if that bastard touch one hair on my daughter 's head I swear to God I will hunt they down straight to the gate of hell ! int chemical silo - late afternoon the low sun gleam off steel chemical silo connect to the long cylinder . int silo hot , humid , and stuffy , chemical dust float in a trace of shadowy light . sitting on the floor , the mood of Cooper , filmore , Atkins , and olo be solemn . Cooper load bullet into the machine gun . cooper ( to olo ) how 's the arm ? olo ( exhaust ) it 's nothing to worry about . cooper we would not have make it out without you . filmore or without you . Cooper and filmore look at each other . filmore I guess I owe you a apology , Cooper . Cooper look down . cooper forget about it . filmore I be not angry with you I be angry with he . she look away , suddenly miss she father intensely ... filmore he 's a very stubborn man sometimes ... cooper you should listen you old man more often . he 's get principle . filmore bristle : filmore what do you mean ? cooper after leizburg , he stick he neck out to defend I . he 's loyal to the end . even if it 's not -- politically correct at the time . filmore what 's that suppose to mean ? cooper what do you think ? filmore let I tell you something Cooper ! I never once bad - mouth he during all that month -- cooper no but you do not defend he either ! do not want to rock the boat . guess the ride be too smooth . filmore I be act under legal counsel ! Cooper finish load the gun -- cooper like I say -- it 's a question of trust . they stare at each other for a second -- atkins look , what be we go to do now ? olo the only way out be to go back the way we come . cooper that be not gonna happen . Cooper look up at the thin window -- cooper we will hideout here till nightfall . int central operation richter look at smitty at the console -- richter where the hell could they have go ! smitty what be you so work up about jack ? fuck them - - we do not need them . richter I want the girl . I do not care about the rest -- but a US congresswoman take hostage will make for great copy . we will make headline all over the world ... smitty you be fuck crazy richter - - you know that ? richter flash he a condescending look -- richter yeah ? you jump on the bandwagon soon enough -- I can not be that crazy , can I -- smitty ? richter look to Red and mutt -- richter go hunt they down -- I do not care if you have to check the whole plant -- earn you money ! Red and mutt head out as richter look away -- richter I want the girl ... dissolve to ext field outside chemco - night darkness be settling -- the last dead be be remove -- Jackson and the sergeant stand by , gas mask around they neck . they watch the compound with they re-groupe troops . sergeant gonna be a hell of a long night , lieutenant . lo. jackson we be just go to have to stand and wait . he look back at a ambulance carry off another corpse -- we see a handful of citizen , way back -- Jackson turn back . lo. jackson the son-of -a-bitch really have we by the short hair , my friend . int silo nursing they individual exhaustion and fear , the four escapee lean against a wall . filmore Cooper ... cooper yeah ?... there be a pause : filmore what happen that day ... at leizburg ? he pause , turn to shoot she a look . but he see something genuine and sincere in she eye . cooper liezburg ...man ... he begin to remember . cooper stand watch over we ambassador ... at a garden party in a friendly nation ... what could be cushier ... but we hear scream ... gunman be hijack a school bus of child ... I make a judgment call . he pause . cooper I draw my gun , run in the direction of the cry ... violate the first rule of service ... I let the ambass - ador out of my sight . filmore what happen ? cooper by the time I get back to the party we ambassador be face - down , in a bed of bloody azalea . his expression be as if he 's stand there now ... cooper what they call the end of a career ... and the beginning of ... a lot of shit . she be genuinely touch -- filmore you be a lot like my father , Cooper ... you think with you heart . cooper use to filmore , use to . suddenly there be a loud bang that echoe from the other end of the silo -- everyone jolt to attention -- int other area Red and mutt have enter -- armed to the tooth . they prowl the silo together ... they whip around a corner -- nothing ... soon they pass the area where the other be ... they inspect the area carefully ... suddenly Red see something --a drop of blood -- they look at each other : red we be get warmer . pan up to the cylinder above they head -- int cylinder darkness be all that 's up ahead inside the curve steel canyon . Cooper , filmore , Atkins and olo carefully make they way through the cramped cylinder . Cooper gesture for they to keep quiet ... int silo Red and mutt continue to prowl -- look in all direction . int cylinder the four continue to move forward carefully ... suddenly Atkins slip and fall , cause a loud thud -- the other freeze in terror -- Atkins clumsily get up and frantically wipe he quickly burn hand -- int silo Red and mutt follow the length of the cylinder , listen for any sound -- int cylinder Cooper grab Atkins and caution he to be still -- they pause , then make they way very carefully down the corridor ... we see they disappear into the blackness ... int cylinder - further down a light far ahead illuminate the four of they . they speak in whisper : olo that 's it ! up ahead ! cooper where do it lead ? olo the maintenance hatch -- it take we outside the building ! he put he finger on he lip and they head toward the light -- suddenly filmore begin to blink -- something be burning her eye ... soon the other react -- there be a distant roaring sound that be get louder -- the dim , distant light reflect the cap of a rolling wave of chemical wash -- atkins run !!! the four race to the end of the tunnel , the crashing wave fast approach -- Cooper be sprinting , pull filmore with he -- they approach the hatch -- locked , no handle -- Cooper stand back and blast the hatch door before bashing it open -- he jump -- ext . chemco - night Cooper land and roll to he foot -- he look at the exit 25 foot above he -- cooper jump ! jump ! filmore jump -- Cooper catch she and hug her , pull she to the ground -- olo jump and land -- int cylinder - the wave be right behind atkins --roaring at he -- ext waterfront tunnel - night Atkins leap as the acid wash spews out the hole , empty onto the onto the concrete , hiss - Atkins land on he ankle and crumple up , convulse in pain - - a waterfall of acid wash cascade right behind he -- Cooper maintain he protective hug , perhaps a beat too long , as the wash ebb to a trickle -- he turn and look back at Cooper and filmore -- olo be you alright ! filmore where 's Atkins ? Atkins clutches ankle , roll -- atkins ahh Jesus , it 's break -- olo stand up and look -- olo he 's hurt ! blam blam blam ! bullet rip through olo as he stand up -- Atkins lie helpless on the ground as Cooper and filmore dive behind a protective concrete barrier -- bullet pock-mark the concrete , ricochete -- Cooper poke up and blast away -- nailing a terrorist in the face -- another one emerge from behind , gun blazing -- a bullet ricochet , rip through the skin of Cooper 's shoulder -- filmore decide to react -- she roll and grab olo 's .45 -- whip around up and fire wildly -- wasting the gunman -- Cooper react and jump up , firing at the front -- killing the last gunman -- Cooper look at filmore -- impressed by she shoot skill -- Atkins groan on the ground , hand on he ear - filmore check olo--dead -- Cooper run over and check Atkins -- cooper it 's not break -- Cooper extend he hand -- atkins it be ! it 's break ! Cooper pull he up -- snatching a machine gun on the way -- cooper c'mon let 's go -- while we have a chance ! he gesture to filmore -- cooper get the gun ! filmore snatch up a machine gun from the dead terrorist . ext field outside chemco - night the sergeant address Lt. Jackson -- sergeant Sir all checkpoint report see nothing . jackson whatever happen I want they to hold they fire ! Jackson stare at the compound through he binocular -- jackson they be up to something ... and we be goddamn helpless ... int central operation richter approach smitty : richter what 's happen at the waterfront ? smitty we be almost do piping in directly to the olympia . should have it all in about a hour or so . richter excellent . he look around -- richter where 's the camera ? I be come up with all this great idea ... suddenly another terrorist --burn --approach richter -- burn we get trouble . that bodyguard son - of - a-bitch have they run all over the field -- just take out three on the north end ! richter well get someone down there ! burn there be not anyone ! he 's open that whole sector now ! something suddenly trouble richter -- richter that bastard 's try to upstage I ! smitty look at he like he 's crazy ; richter look back at burn : richter be he with the girl ? burn I do not know -- look ! they can get in now , man ! we get no one leave to guard it ! richter give he a condescending look -- richter then what be you stand here for ? get down there ! now ! ext corner of chemco - night Cooper , filmore , and Atkins carefully approach a corner of the building -- the compound 's fence be a hundred yard ahead of they . Cooper look out , then back at filmore , then back out . filmore now what ? cooper there 's the fence ... atkins we will never make it ! there 's no place to hide - - we will be cut down ! cooper how badly do you want to get out of here ? filmore Atkins be right -- they will kill we for sure ! Cooper look out , then back at filmore again - - he realize what he have to do -- it sink in -- cooper I be go first . take the fire . if we go out together we be all dead ! filmore what be you talk about ? cooper they probably have guard on the roof -- and they be gonna be fire at I -- not you ! atkins what make you so sure ? cooper because I will be fire at they . filmore you be talk about commit suicide ! atkins I say we go back that way ! cooper around the building ? on you bum leg ? you have to get out of here right now ! filmore do not want Cooper to go -- filmore look you be suppose to save my life ! it 's in you contract , remember ? Cooper look back hard at she -- cooper that 's right . it 's in my contract . filmore what about rule one : never let the person you be protect out of you sight ! cooper rule two : without alternative , use yourself as a shield . she fall silent ; Cooper mask he feeling : cooper do not worry about I , filmore . you father owe I a week 's pay -- and I intend to collect it . filmore just look at he -- Cooper get down to business -- look out . cooper in a minute you be go to hear gunfire -- if you want to live you will run for that fence as fast as you can ! Cooper and Atkins exchange look -- cooper understand ? Cooper then look at filmore -- cooper Goodbye -- Cooper spring off -- filmore cooper ! he bolt out -- within second -- gunfire -- filmore turn to Atkins -- filmore let 's go ! Atkins freeze in terror - - grab she -- atkins we can not ! we will be shot ! ext field Cooper run across the building , firing at the roof -- ext corner filmore try to push a terrify Atkins away -- filmore let go ! she break free and bolt for the fence as fast as she can -- Atkins watch she -- not know what to do -- ext field filmore run as fast as she can-- gunfire fill the air -- she be get nearer to the fence -- ext corner Atkins panic , and decide to go -- he begin to hobble frantically toward the fence -- ext field filmore be about 200 yard away -- Atkins be about halfway -- ext chemco suddenly burn burst out a door and see Atkins -- he raise he .45 -- aim -- Atkins stagger in vain -- blam blam blam -- bullet rip through he chest -- he collapse - filmore see this and turn around -- fire at burn but run out of ammo -- burn begin to run after she -- she drop the gun and sprint with all of she strength -- burn be rapidly approach -- filmore get to the 20 ft.- high fence -- leap on it -- ext brush -- a sharpshooter watch through a scope radio Jackson : sharpshooter I get the congresswoman in range -- she 's -- try to escape -- someone 's after she -- Pov scope -- filmore climb -- block access to burn who be get dangerously closer -- jackson ( o.s. ) ( frantically ) hold you fire ! hold you fire !!! ext field we see filmore almost home free -- struggling -- wham ! burn grab she leg -- she fight -- he yank her off the fence -- Pov scope -- centere squarely at burn ' head -- sharpshooter ( o.s. ) I can get he ! jackson ( o.s. ) goddamn it hold you fire ! burn drag filmore away -- ext plant structure - night Cooper sprint for the fence around the corner -- a final gunman reach the corner of a building and fire at Cooper -- Cooper rip around -- blam blam blam -- the gunman crash to the ground -- Cooper sprint for the fence -- ext brush -- Cooper break out of the brush and look frantically for a sign of filmore , anywhere - - nothing -- suddenly -- voice ( o.s. ) freeze ! Cooper whip around to see a camouflaged soldier aim a rifle -- Cooper raise he hand -- drop the grenade launcher -- cooper secret service -- hold you fire ! we get hostage come out this way !! the soldier approach he and scan the wood -- Cooper begin to head toward the soldier -- soldier I say freeze ! or I will blow you fuck head off -- Cooper oblige -- int central operation burn speak to richter on a visual intercom -- he 's hold he gun to filmore be head -- burn I get the girl . richter be beside himself with delight -- richter oh that 's good news -- good news ! bring she up here ! just in time for we final episode . he look around -- richter I tell you everything be shaping up just fine , my friend ... ext field outside chemco - night with he hand on he head , Cooper be escort at gunpoint to Lt. Jackson -- soldier I catch this one out back sir ! Jackson look at he , and then the soldier -- jackson you idiot ! put the gun down ! the soldier oblige -- Cooper put he hand down -- cooper goddammit where be she ?! Jackson glare at he - jackson a for effort Cooper -- they grab she go over the fence -- Cooper be devastate -- can not believe it -- cooper no ... jackson look back at Cooper -- lo. jackson it be a matter of second . Cooper be bewilder -- suddenly a communication tech turn to Jackson -- tech Lt. Jackson sir ! the satellite 's up again ! Jackson and Cooper approach the television screen -- cooper eye widen -- close on tv screen -- filmore 's be throw into a armchair -- richter sit beside she -- richter well well , I would like to give a word of thanks to we secret serviceman . if he 's provide a service , it sure seem secret to I ! richter laugh -- close reaction of cooper , watch , clenching he jaw -- tv screen richter whatever the case , I be honore to have such a lovely panel guest for this final taping . I be sure my television family understand when I say we have be through a lot of laughter , and a lot of tear together . how do you feel about that , helen ? fill with hate , sick of be afraid -- filmore go fuck yourself ... richter hey now ! no cussing on tv ! well in close I would like to say that there be two reason to have that money outside in a hour . one be my perky co- anchor here , and the second be the life of ten of thousand of people -- people just like you and I ! richter get up , and get extremely close to the lens , look sinister -- richter God bless each and every one of you ... goodnight . the transmission end -- Jackson look at Cooper , whose eye be fix in a steely gaze on the television -- cooper I have a score to settle with he ... int room in DC - day we see sen filmore , myer , and White watch the broadcast as a assistant , on the phone , gesture to the man - - assistant Senator they have Ryan Cooper - - he make it out ! se. filmore be deeply disappointed -- it read in he eye -- sen . filmore I do not understand -- I do not understand at all ! assistant he request permission to re-enter the compound ! myer permission deny -- he have he chance ! any sign of assault and they will blow the place ! assistant he 's insist sir ! myer I want he to keep he ass out of it ! restrain he if you have to ! or we will have another leizburg on we hand ! ext field outside chemco - night a brink truck approach the mobile camp sight , pass -- jackson be on the phone next to a anxious Cooper -- jackson ok -- I get it . right -- yeah its here --roger ! he hang up -- cooper what the hell be the problem ! jackson the problem be I have order from Washington - - so cool you be ass off ! no one go anywhere ! we be gonna make the deal ! Jackson look at Cooper -- jackson I be sorry , Cooper ! ext brink truck - night two armed guard get out and open the rear door -- we see large container of cash -- ext field outside chemco - night Cooper walk away , disgust with himself , deep in think ... a medic approach Cooper : medic let I take a look at that shoulder -- Cooper shrug he off angrily -- the medic look at he , then shrug and leave -- he stand near Jackson 's command tent , stare at chemco in the distance -- glancing at the table nearby he , he see something that strike he curiosity -- it 's a floorplan of the chemco facility -- under a pair of binocular -- he approach it as the sergeant suddenly step out of the tent , eyeing Cooper on he way out -- Cooper resume look at the floorplan -- he locate central operation -- and look up -- int central operation -- richter finish tie filmore 's hand -- she stand rigid -- richter I be glad you be still around helen - - we have a lot of catch up to do . he produce a new blinfold -- richter I hope you do not mind all this -- it 's just that the network will eat it up , you know ... filmore you be go to pay for this ... richter you get it all backwards , helen -- but that 's ok , you work for the government ... he tie the blindfold around she eye -- richter I will be get pay for this -- how much I do not know , but let 's put it this way -- he get close to she ear -- richter it 's not gonna fit in a damn suitcase . he finish tie the blindfold -- ext roof of chemco - night the cameramen -- Black and Green -- now act as pilot -- they come out of the roof door and head to two separate helicopter -- they get in and start they up -- ext field outside chemco - night Jackson hear the helicopter start up -- lo. jackson what do they think they be do ? he head over to the table to get he binocular , and notice the floorplan be gone - - he look around -- lt jackson cooper ?! Jackson look up , know full well who take it -- jackson shit ! he pick up the field telephone -- jackson get I Washington ! ext compound ground - night a gunman keep a lookout for any activity -- suddenly -- Pov something move through the brush outside the fence -- he squint but see nothing -- he flip he night vision glass down around he eye -- Pov --someone running through the brush -- the gunman fire -- again -- someone be running toward the gate -- lightning fast -- the gunman fire again -- can't hit he -- cooper roll , dive , and do he best to dodge the gunfire - this pisses off the gunman , who get up and fire at Cooper - but Cooper be in , safe behind a corner of the building -- the gunman grab he walkie - - gunman someone just go over the fence south end ! int central operation richter perk up at this , answer back as filmore look on -- richter we first deserter -- who be it ? gunman ( o.s. ) no--incoming incoming -- he 's inside -- filmore realize its Cooper -- richter be disappointed -- richter sound like I have to have a talk with the boy in d.c ... ext chemco a man brandish a grenade launcher run toward the sound of the previous gunfire -- he approach a corner , slide up against the wall , aim the launcher forward -- get closer ... he be jumped from behind -- Cooper grab he neck -- the man struggle -- Cooper have he in a stranglehold -- the gunman pull a combat blade from he side -- but Cooper grab the man 's arm and jam the blade into he chest -- the gunman fall dead -- Cooper grab the grenade launcher -- check the floorplan he see a thin metal walkway that lead he to central operation -- Cooper burst through the door --into the build -- int vat area - night Cooper rip up a tall flight of step to a thin grate walkway surround by large vat of chemical -- suddenly from above -- mutt pounce on Cooper -- the man stagger across the precipitous walkway -- mutt struggling for the launcher -- which fall on the grate -- bam !-- Cooper elbow mutt in the face , then land a combination -- mutt retaliate --swing furiously as the man struggle for foot -- suddenly burn and another gunman charge up the stair -- Cooper jump -- grab a pipe -- and slam mutt off the walkway with both foot -- mutt yell and fall 40 foot to he death -- pow pow pow ! burn and the gunman fire at Nick who hit the deck -- he grab the grenade launcher -- the gunman dive as -- the grenade hit a large vat --it blows in a loud explosion -- acid cascade down on the scream terrorist , incinerating they -- ext field outside chemco - night lt Jackson be on the phone , people be scream , soldier have they rifle aim -- everyone have a gas mask on -- lo. jackson there 's be a explosion , we have scattered gunfire -- I do not know if they be go to blow the place ... ( listen ) Roger that ! he slam the phone down and address the sergeant : lo. jackson get everyone on stand by -- alert status ! we might have to move ! int room in DC - day ( ? ) sen . filmore , myer , and white talk on speakerphone to richter , who be also be broadcast on tv , slightly delay -- but he expression deadly serious -- richter ( o.s. ) I think we have a deal . myer of course we have a deal ! we have cash on site ! everything you ask for ! richter ( o.s. ) I tell you to keep everyone at bay . you let I down ! myer he 's not we man dammit ! we can not stop he - - he 's a loose cannon ! richter ( o.s. ) I be very disappointed , gentleman , very disappointed ... richter shake he head , and pick up a digital metal timer cross -wire to a console -- the timer display 5:00 - - he depress a button and the countdown begins - - 4 : 59--4:58--4:57 -- the man watch react anxiously -- richter ( o.s. ) I be sorry but we be outta time ! richter grab filmore around the neck , into the frame -- the senator watch -- sen . filmore helen ! filmore struggle on screen -- myer do not do this ! we hold up we end damn it ! what more do you want ? richter I want to thank chemco -- for make the world a deadlier place to live . the senator can hardly control himself -- sen . filmore that ... bastard ... richter give a final look to the camera -- richter well I guess it 's anchor 's aweigh ! so long , sucker ! richter reach for the camera cable and yank it -- the screen go blank -- int central operation richter yank the blindfold off filmore . richter you be a natural in front of the camera , you know that ? smitty approach richter as the last man file out of Central Operations -- smitty chopper be ready . let 's get the fuck out of here . richter it 's time gentleman -- I hope you enjoy the tour -- he grab helen out of she chair and they hastily make they way out the exit -- pan to the timer --3:59--3:58--3:57 -- int stairwell richter push filmore up the stair -- richter now the fun begin helen -- you like to travel ? the other follow behind up the stair -- int hallway -- Cooper race down the hall -- int another hallway Cooper turn the corner and check the floorplan -- he look up and sprint -- int dead end corridor Cooper approach a door at the end -- it read central operation --authorized personnel only -- the door be thick steel -- and locked -- Cooper struggle to open it -- no luck -- he check the grenade launcher -- one grenade left -- he run back the other way -- hew turn and fire the launcher -- the grenade explode --send a ball of FIRE down the hall -- the flame clear and the door be partially blast off , hang twisted from a hinge -- Cooper run down the hall avoid the lick flame and run through the doorway -- int central operation Cooper arrive to find everyone be gone -- cooper son-of-a-bitch -- he see the timer -- cross -wire in a madden way -- impossible to dismantle - - 1:58 --1 : 57--1:56 -- he look toward the other door and bolt out -- as fast as he can -- ext chemco roof the helicopter be ready to go -- richter shove filmore into one of the helicopter as the other board the second one -- richter step lively -- step lively -- the second helicopter take off -- int stairway Cooper fly up a stairwell -- ext field outside chemco - night we see the helicopter lift off and go away -- the sergeant approach Jackson -- sergeant we can take either one of they out now , sir -- lo. jackson we have not get authorization ! they still have a hostage -- Jackson look behind he -- jackson get everyone out of here -- they have time it to blow ! ext chemco roof - night the second helicopter slowly lift off richter ( cheerfully ) we come , we see , we loot -- int helicopter richter be sit next to filmore watch the building disappear -- richter I will tell ya life be a gas ... when you have get a pretty girl by you side -- int central operation -- the timer continue , in the room strewn with dead body -- 0:20--0:19--0:17 -- ext field outside chemco - night Jackson watch intently -- int room in DC se. filmore , myer , and White watch the building from a television , intently , helplessly -- int central operation we see the timer - - every couple of second we cut closer -- 0:05--0:04--0:03--0:02--0:01 -- there be a second pause -- boooommmm ! Central Operations explode in a fireball --setting off a chain reaction - - ext chemco - night a series of huge explosion rip through the window at chemco -- int helicopter richter and filmore watch the destruction from above -- richter hooooo-eeeee ! filmore look out , let out a anguish whisper : filmore Cooper ... no one hear she . ext sky the helicopter disappear into the night sky -- ext field outside chemco - night Jackson watch the destruction and grab the phone -- jackson we get two chopper head east - northeast -- get special force on they tail -- now ! int room in DC the man watch , dumbstruck -- myer he 's get the nerve-gas . he turn to White , who have he head in he hand ... myer we may have to take they down ! sen filmore be you mad ! my daughter 's on one of that helicopter ! myer if they be carry enough nerve gas to kill million of people I would say we have little choice , Senator ! White interrupt -- white he would not take it on the helicopter . he would transport it through pipeline that connect chemco to the waterfront ... myer what ! white they be probably topping off a dock tanker while he stall for time -- without anyone be the wiser ... a dismay look cross White 's face -- white ( dismay ) kz70709 would be worth hundred of million on the black market . sen . filmore be look at a wallet photo of he daughter -- sen . filmore he do not even need she ... he look up , grasp for a thread of hope -- sen . filmore what about Cooper -- where be he ? myer he 's in there ... they watch the image of the burn building on the tv ... sen . filmore nod gravely , despairingly ... myer get up and look out -- myer this guy richter just upped the stake . it 's time we crack down . he look at the senator myer do not worry Henry . we will not let they out of we site -- this be not over yet ... ext waterfront - night the two helicopter land near a tanker , the olympia , dock at the waterfront t the end of a pipeline , the survive member of the takeover team get off and hurry on board as the ship prepare to depart -- richter get out , keep filmore securely by he side captain stockton , a windburn , grizzle old scab , cheerfully greet richter -- stockton right on time , richter -- richter helen this be Captain stockton -- Captain , congresswoman helen filmore , the pride of Ohio . stockton extend he hand -- filmore just stare at he -- the captain look she over , tipping he cap -- stockton ma'am ... richter glance back at a handful of soldier on alert with weapon draw , maintain a substantial distance -- richter smile at stockton -- richter we traveler 's insurance , you know what I mean ? stockton gotcha . we have be fill barrel all day -- we have get hell of a stockpile . richter good . stockton I say we head out . richter agreed -- let 's move it . stockton be you hungry ? we can discuss some final arrangement over some slop in the galley . richter Captain it would be impossible to turn down such a gracious request . richter look at filmore -- richter what say , helen ? you have not eat all day -- and come to think of it -- neither have I ! stockton and richter laugh as richter shove she forward -- they head toward the ship - - a couple scummy - looking seamen leer at filmore as she board , grin , look like they just crawle out of a dumpster -- they trade snort from a hip flask , they drunken mind fill with idea -- they remove the last chain moor the ship and get on board -- and then we see a helicopter ... a storage hatch door above the landing bar slowly open -- we see cooper exit the cramped storage hatch -- clothes dirty and tear -- he quickly get he bearing -- when all be clear he look out at the olympia-- pull out -- he jump and grab the metal gate around the deck , pull himself on board . ext ocean - night the olympia head out to sea , Malaysia retreate in the distance -- int oil fuel bunker -- Cooper move in and out of shadow below deck , get he bearing -- he see a sailor check a oil tank read - - he leave Cooper move on -- int galley seat in the galley , richter , stockton , and filmore have be serve a seafood dinner and wine . richter and stockton voraciously eat and drink , while filmore just sit and listen . .. stockton my crew be go to work alongside with you man , do not worry - - we be a team ! richter why should I worry ? be there a problem ? stockton well , there be uh , a little dissent about the amount of the bonus -- richter dissent ? stockton you know , when we reach kompong som -- stockton chew and swallow -- stockton but I explain you generosity , and that settle the whole matter . stockton freshen richter 's wine glass -- richter it 's good to be back in business with you again , old friend . richter raise he glass : richter to the sucker of the world ! without they we would never succeed ! the man click glass -- filmore just listen -- richter explain to stockton -- filmore helen 's a little upset . she lose she whole entourage of hanger - on today -- almost buy it herself , do not she ? well do not you worry helen -- from now on its smooooth sailing . the two man laugh -- int lower deck - night Cooper stealthily move through a darken corridor -- up ahead a door open -- Cooper press himself against the wall -- hide by a shadow - two seamen exit the room -- close the door behind they -- seaman ... I be a thousand mile from my old lady on a free port and just get pay -- ten grand in my pocket ... after a few second they turn a corner , and they voice trail off -- Cooper step out of the shadow and carefully approach the door -- he put he ear to the door , hear nothing , then slowly open the door -- int supply room Cooper flip the lightswitch -- we see metal shelve fill with supplies -- cooper merry Christmas ... Cooper quickly scan the shelf - - he find candle , take a few - - he continue to rummage -- he approach a shelf contain cleaning supplies , grab a can of drain opener -- suddenly -- we hear the sound of footstep approach -- Cooper duck -- a seasick terrorist enter the supply room , look very nauseous -- Cooper watch as the terrorist look for dramamine --groan ... seasick oh my God ... I be gonna puke ... where be that shit ... he find the first aid supplies -- he pull out a packet of tablet and fumble with the wrapper -- he take the pill and gulp they down -- burp , he then stagger out of the room -- when it 's clear , Cooper continue search -- he find a box contain industrial coverall -- the same thing wear by stockton 's man -- he quickly grab one and rip OPEN the plastic -- int new corridor richter escort filmore to she quarter -- richter I hope you enjoy you accommodation helen . I want you to enjoy you time here with we -- helen break she silence -- face richter -- filmore you understand that they be watch we every move right now -- you think you be just go to sail away ? richter it seem to I we be just sailing away . they have not sink we yet , have they ? besides , do not you worry you pretty little head about that . it 's all be take care of . richter stop filmore , and look at she -- richter I know you be not too happy at this point . it 's too bad we be not able to meet elsewhere , under different circumstance ... filmore like where -- in you dream ? before richter can respond , the seasick terrorist hurry back -- seasick sorry -- I be get some seasick pill . richter not to worry ... he keep he eye on filmore -- richter we be just say goodnight . without another word , filmore turn and enter she quarter , slamm the door behind herself right in richter 's face . richter Guard she . with you life . richter head down the corridor toward he own quarter -- the guard look miserable and seasick -- behind a corner unseen by all , Cooper watch the whole thing -- he nod , know where to get she when the time come -- he look back behind he , look back at filmore 's door , then back again -- he head back the way he come -- int radio room stockton enter the radio room , check in -- stockton any news from kompong som ? operator yessir they have confirm we e.t.a. and they be ready to pipe the cargo . stockton good . wo not be long now , my friend ... soon we be gonna be very wealthy ... int richter's quarter richter pour brandy into a snifter , whistling " popeye the sailor man , " think back on the day , beside himself with insane confidence -- he laugh to himself , as he swirl the brandy in the snifter before take a swig -- he scan the shelf of book before he , select a copy of moby dick -- richter call I ... goddamn ishmael ... he laugh and get comfortable , turn to page one , sip he brandy -- int filmore's quarter have turn down the light , filmore sit up in she bed -- she gaze through the shadow , exhaust but defiant -- the ship 's steady sway pacify she . she fight to keep she eye open , in vain .. . they close ... she open they again but it 's no use ... they close again . int corridor the two randy seamen from earlier round a corner -- they see the terrorist guard at filmore 's door -- randy seaman1 look at he -- he 's ready to spew ... they approach he -- randy seaman2 ( quietly ) look a little green , brother ... terrorist I do not know how you fuck do this ! randy seaman 1 you have to get you sea leg . Hell I use to get sick all the time . randy seaman 2 it 's easy when the boat be go up , and down , and up , and down , ... the terrorist do not need this ... randy seaman 1 man I get so nauseous once ... it be worse than the time I accidentally drank a cup of tobacco spit , could have swear there be a few loogy in it -- the terrorist can not take much more -- terrorist Jesus shut up ! randy seaman 2 man in rough weather this boat just rock , and rock , and rock ... randy seaman 1 yeah and if you get bad cook that just keep feed you salty pork all the time it 's enough to -- the terrorist spring up and flee down the hallway , hand to he mouth -- the two seamen look at each other and smile drunkenly -- int filmore's quarter filmore sleep in dim shadow on she bed -- the door to she quarter open and close with a creak -- filmore bolt to attention -- filmore who be it ! the two seamen stand like ghostly figure in the dim shadow -- conceal she fear , filmore get up and face they -- filmore I want you out of here at once . they push she back on the bed with malicious intent -- randy seaman 1 begging you pardon , mar 'am -- but you want do not quite enter into it -- the lunge for she and she scream , try to claw herself free -- they paw at she -- she defend herself , kneeing one hard in the ball -- severely scratching the other -- this only fuel they determination -- filmore helllp ! one grab she , cover she mouth , stifling she cry -- the other rip OPEN she dress -- she struggle in vain as the seaman fondle she -- loosen he pants the other seaman work himself up -- filmore shut she eye , try to block out the horror -- suddenly the door to the cabin burst OPEN -- a shadowy figure of a man rush in , pull the rapist off of she -- filmore fall to the floor , struggle to see what 's happen -- one seaman pull a knife -- the man wrench the seaman 's arm yanking it hard behind he back before wrapping he arm around he neck -- yanking hard on the jaw -- breaking he neck -- the other seaman charge and catch the blade square in the heart -- the two seaman collapse to the ground --dead . filmore Cooper ! SNAP ! richter turn on the light , wiping he hand as if he just swat a couple of fly -- richter I be sorry what do you say ? filmore pale , then say nothing . richter scrutinize she for a second -- richter I be sorry about this . I be go to have to have a few word with stockton -- he man need a lesson in manners ... filmore look very sexy and vulnerable at this moment -- richter perhaps you will find my quarter more to you like -- she look up at he in disbelief -- int boiler room Cooper slink into the boiler room -- he see a engineer man the complicated device that regulate the flow of steam to the turbine blade . Cooper look through a metal screen door and see what he need -- a can of gasoline -- he silently enter the room and open the gas can -- he pour the lye into the can -- it sizzle as he plunk the candle in -- he take the container and begin to shake it -- voice ( o.s. ) hey ! Cooper whip around to see a engineer -- engineer1 what the hell be you do ? cooper oh , hi . I be one of richter 's man . engineer oh yeah ? the engineer be suspicious but Cooper play it like a hick -- cooper yeah . he want to make sure the boat on deck be fuel ... engineer they be . Cooper play it cool -- cooper oh ... he put the gas can down -- the other engineer approach -- cooper good . I be beat enough as it be ... he smile at the two stone - face engineer . Cooper feign enthusiasm for the boiler room and walk out in the middle of it ... cooper god-damn ... the engineer follow he ... cooper that 's one hell of a engine ! he look at the two men-- cooper Far cry from the old outboard back home , you know what I mean , boy ? the engineer begin to warm slightly -- engineer2 damn straight . Cooper focus on a large , heavily gauge metal contraption - cooper this must power the turbine , huh ? engineer1 sorta , yeah ... Cooper walk around like a kid in a candy store -- the engineer eye he like he 's a idiot -- cooper shit , what happen when this thing go down ? engineer2 we get backup power over there . Cooper look over at a electronic panel -- the auxiliary alternator -- engineer1 do not worry junior , we be prepare for everything . Cooper nod like a dolt , smile -- pow ! Cooper smashes the first engineer in the face --a lightning combination -- he crash to the ground -- in the split second that follow Cooper whip he foot around and connect with the 2nd engineer 's skull -- send he to the ground -- cooper yeah you be prepare alright ... Cooper head over to the gas can -- pick it up -- he head over to a cabinet that have a coffee machine , microwave , etc. on it -- he rip open the drawer , find a steak knife ... a can opener -- he open the gas can with the opener -- turn it upside down and shaking it - a brown substance resembling " slime " plop out on the counter -- he glance back over at the generator -- int bridge stockton enter the bridge -- meeting he first mate -- first mate we be steady on course Captain . stockton at least some of we be ! no more drink on this goddamn ship ! he look out the window -- stockton ok , andrew lock she down -- first mate yes sir . stockton settles back for what he anticipate will be a routine night on the high seas -- ext sea - night the tanker make its way through the moonlit water -- tight on a radar show a blip northeast of the center of the grid -- int boat a radar operator from another ship be monitoring the tanker - operator she 's keep a steady course , straight for Cambodia ... ext sea we see the coast guard cutter slice through the water , pursue the tanker from a very safe distance -- int room in DC - night a very haggard look White , myer , and sen . filmore sit amid tv screen , CNN update , and assistant on phone . myer look like richter be not act alone -- he 's head into some dangerous water . sen . filmore she 's as good as go ... myer you can not think like that ! we be watch they like a hawk -- he 's bound to trip up , make one false move -- white richter can not run forever . the senator have give up all hope ... sen . filmore I do not know about that ... int richter's quarter her posture stiff and protect , filmore sit in a chair at a desk while richter move around she . she keep the corner of she eye on he , unsure of what he 's up to . filmore I suppose ... you think I should thank you . richter yes , you should . he pour two glass of brandy . richter overnight I have put we in the history book , filmore . it will not be long till we be legend in we own time . filmore seem to I you will be dead soon , richter . richter bristle -- filmore one hostage be not enough -- you be a mark man . richter smile at she -- richter much as I love you , helen , you do not think I would have put all my egg in one basket , would you ? anything funny and ... he laugh with delight -- richter ... they have a catastrophe on they hand ! he look around the room -- richter no , I feel something when I first see you . and I know you feel something too . filmore be disgust with he . he approach she . richter we be one in the same , helen . we both want it all . and we will do what we can to get it -- be not that the truth ? she ignore he -- richter I watch you as you old man 's reputation go down the toilet - - " misappropriation of fund " -- you stay out of it like a pro . filmore 's eye fill with tear . richter you see , it pay off -- you break away from the old guard , congresswoman . it will not be long till they be call you Senator filmore -- filmore shut up ! richter but it will not be enough , it will never be enough . I know . I understand you . he offer she a glass of brandy , which she weakly accept . richter to we ... and to have everything . she just hold the glass , beyond caring -- richter come on , drink up . filmore I do not want any ... richter I insist ... filmore I say I do not want any , goddammit ! richter grab the hair in the back of she head -- hard -- she freeze -- richter I say -- I insist ! she sip the brandy , stare hard at richter -- hate burn in she eye - - he stare back , determine -- richter you be a very headstrong woman -- sometimes you tend to forget the impulse of you body -- you desire -- he grab she closer -- violently -- then -- booooommmm ! a huge explosion be hear -- the two feel a tremor as the light go out -- filmore take she brandy glass and smashes it over richter 's face , make a run for it -- this enrage richter , who yank she by she arm and slam she against the wall - - he pull out he gun and shove it hard into she temple -- richter let 's see what 's happen , princess -- he shove she out the door -- ext bridge -- stockton try to radio the engine room , to no avail -- stockton the damn line 's dead ! first mate rudder 's dead -- navgation 's dead -- int stairwell stockton grab a flashlight and a FIRE extinguisher and fly down the stair -- a seaman go after he -- stockton sound like the goddamn engine blow ! int corridor -- stockton run down the corridor with the seaman -- pass cooper , who emerge from a dark corner -- he run the opposite direction -- int another corridor two beam of light cut across the darkness -- stockton richter who 's there ! who 's that ! stockton and richter surprise themselves with each other 's flashlight in they face -- richter what the hell happen ! stockton push past he -- run toward the boiler room -- stockton we get trouble -- richter follow stockton down the hall , drag filmore with he -- richter be we adrift -- stockton if I do not get power up we be ! richter Drop the anchor ! stockton we can not -- it 's power drive ! richter get you man to do it ! stockton the thing weigh more than a ton -- you want to roll up you sleeve and try it ?! int boiler room stockton crash in -- other be there --include the two engineer on the ground -- flame engulf the main generator , which be completely destroy -- stockton furiously douse the fire with the extinguisher , along with other do the same thing -- int corridor the seasick guard from earlier be in the same area , look bewilder , aim at any noise -- suddenly there be a whistling noise -- thunk ! the steak knife jut out of the guard throat as he collapse to the ground , gurgle -- Cooper grab the guard 's semi automatic and kick he out of the way -- he stand back and kick the door to filmore 's quarter -- it fly open -- int filmore's quarter through the moonlight Cooper can only find the two randy seamen --dead . cooper fuck ! determined not to let she slip out of he hand again , he bolt out the door -- int engine room have successfully douse the flame , a soak , sweat stockton , richter , and filmore inspect the damage along with a couple of other -- richter get this shit-crate run ! stockton glare at he -- look around the smoke- fill room with a flashlight -- stockton this " shit-crate " just lose she main engine -- it be not like change a bulb ! stockton head up some step to the auxiliary alternator -- stockton the auxiliary alternator can get we light and move , but not for long -- stockton open a door panel and unlock a power switch -- he pull the switch up and lock it in place -- the light buzz on --stockton look at richter -- stockton seem like we get ourselves a saboteur , richter ! suddenly filmore 's eye widen with hope -- stockton turn to hear something pop -- he see the back of the console opened , and two power wire stuck in a blob of the slime -- booooommm ! the alternator explode , rip stockton and several other to piece as richter leap out of harm way , drag filmore into the hall -- a roaring FIRE ensue as the ship go black again -- ext corridor - night richter head out run , drag a exhaust and dirty filmore with he -- two terrorist --black and smitty -- catch up -- black what the fuck be go on ? richter we have a problem on we hand gentleman ! a figure approach up ahead -- richter fire wildly at the man-- six bullet in two second - the man splatter against the wall -- it be red -- filmore good shot ! he look at smitty without remorse , all the time walk fast -- richter dump what barrel we can overboard and get the launch ready -- richter yank filmore away as the two terrorist take off the other way -- int radio room -- the operator be hammer out something in morse code , read from a old chart , the only work piece of equipment he have -- suddenly he be choked from behind -- Cooper shove he gun barrel into the man 's temple -- the man freeze in terror -- cooper I hope you know you morse code . I get something I want you to spell for I ! operator do not kill I please -- cooper the first letter be C ... the man look it up and enter something but Cooper be too sharp -- he shove the gun harder on he head -- cooper that be not a C now be it -- I be gonna give you sorry ass one more chance -- the operator enter the correct letter -- cooper good - - " o " - - " o " -- int coast guard cutter - night the radar operator notice the olympia be veer off course -- operator it look like they be change course , head due north -- int room in DC a assistant turn to Sen. filmore , myer and White -- assistant sir ! the man whip around -- assistant the coast guard be report a morse signal come from the olympia ! myer a distress call ? assistant yeah - -a distress call -- the man wait -- assistant Cooper --sos -- Senator filmore 's eye light up -- ext cargo hatch - night Black and smitty be roll seal barrel of the binary chemical to a raise gangway -- one chemical in a green barrel , the other in a blue barrel -- they drop they into to the sea , leave a float trail in the wake of the tanker .. . suddenly -- boooommm ! a explosion rip through a lower deck , the fire rapidly spread through the crippled tanker -- black fuck this ! let 's get out of here ! the two man throw two more barrel overboard and take off down the deck -- ext other end of deck - night richter prepare the launch to descend into the water -- ext deck Black and smitty head toward another launch on the opposite side of the deck -- then smitty see Cooper , sprinting from back at the stern -- smitty shit ! they aim and FIRE at he -- he dive for cover -- he fire back -- nailing black in the head - - he slam to the ground -- ext bow -- richter hear the gunfire and turn around -- Cooper dash from one cover to another as smitty fire -- shoot he entire load -- filmore see he -- filmore Cooper ! richter be truly amaze by this , but have no time for it -- richter come on princess -- its time we have a talk with you friend -- ext deck Cooper duck down behind a cargo derrick , avoid the gunfire -- smitty be out of ammo -- suddenly -- richter ( o.s. ) Cooper ?! Cooper perk up -- richter ( o.s. ) Cooper I think you better come out -- Cooper finger he trigger ... and whip out -- richter have he gun to filmore 's head -- richter welcome back from the dead ! I do not know how you do it but at this point I do not really care . cooper it 's over richter . let she go ! richter over ? you slowed up my cargo that 's for sure but least we forget Cooper you assignment be to protect the congresswoman -- Cooper want to make a move , but can not -- smitty slowly approach behind he -- richter so far you operation 's a success but it would be a shame if the patient die now would not it ? Cooper say nothing -- richter now I want you to put the gun down -- Cooper hesitates -- richter so help I sweet Jesus Christ I will blow she fuck brain out right here and now -- put the gun down ! Cooper oblige watch richter for as much as one false move -- smitty be get behind Cooper -- richter regains he composure -- richter thank you ! he gesture to smitty , who raise he rifle -- filmore Cooper ! bam ! smitty 's rifle butt smashes Cooper on the head -- he fall and smitty kick he in the face --hard -- Cooper roll violently as smitty kick he face again -- wham - blood run out of Cooper 's mouth -- richter drag a struggle filmore into the launch and pull a lever , lowering it -- smitty run over to another launch and prepare to lower it - booommm ! another explosion rip through the ship -- it lurch violently -- ext port hull richter and filmore fall as the launch swing out and slam back against the side of the hull -- Cooper slowly come to -- completely disorient -- he shake he head like a punch - drunk boxer Pov of a blurry , double-vision deck -- smitty descend in the other launch -- Cooper get up , stagger , fall -- smitty disappear from the deck , descend -- ext port hull -- richter and filmore land in the water as richter shove filmore toward the bow and fire up the outboard motor -- ext starboard hull smitty be descend when suddenly -- Cooper leap and land on the deck of the launch -- smitty ram he , attempt to send Cooper overboard -- struggle to keep he bearing , Cooper retaliate -- smash smitty in the face -- the two struggle -- one of the rope on the stern begin to break as the man jar the craft violently -- pow ! smitty connect with Cooper -- again -- but Cooper whip around and backhand smitty before pasting he with a wither combination -- SNAP ! the stern line give way as the boat swing in a diagonal , slamm against the hull -- smitty tumble backwards , grab the outboard to keep from fall -- Cooper dive and yank the ripcord -- the engine roar to life , the propeller graze smitty 's sternum -- Cooper yank the engine up -- the propeller slice OPEN smitty's chest as he crash into the water -- the launch slowly descend -- ext port hull - night richter and filmore speed away from the tanker as a explosion go off on deck -- send debris through the air -- ext starboard hull Cooper let the last rope free as smitty climb back up on the boat as it pull out -- he pounce on Cooper -- who break free -- Cooper smashes smitty with a backhand -- smitty charge and push cooper over -- Cooper 's leg hook the edge as he fall in backwards -- he struggle to get up but smitty shove he face under , try to suffocate he -- Cooper swallow water , suffocating -- smitty clenches he tooth , use all he might to keep Cooper under -- in a desperate surge of energy Cooper lift he legs and lock smitty's neck -- choking he -- smitty struggle to break free -- underwater -- we see Cooper grimace and jerk -- SNAP --smitty 's jaw go askew and he neck break -- Cooper flip he overboard -- the two man crash into the water -- Cooper splashes to the surface cough and struggle on board , lowering the propeller into the water - -- the boat speed off -- ext sea richter and filmore round the stern as cooper approach from the other side -- richter speed maniacally -- wind ripping through he hair -- from around the stern come cooper -- richter raise he gun and fire at the fast - approach boat -- Cooper duck and aim he boat at theirs -- bang bang bang --click ! click ! richter be out of ammo-- filmore charge at he , try to wrench he from the steering -- he crack her across the face -- she fall to the deck -- cooper jam the boat into high gear and begin to run parallel to richter -- richter slam he boat into Cooper 's -- Cooper 's into he -- then Cooper do the unexpected -- he leap off the boat -- onto richter be -- Cooper 's boat begin to spiral madly -- Cooper pounce on richter -- but richter grab Cooper by the arm and hurl he onto the deck -- like two sinewy spring Nick leg send richter airborne -- richter crash back -- the boat spin furiously out of control -- bleed from the corner of she mouth filmore reach up for the nearest thin to keep she steady -- the steering wheel -- the two man exchange withering blows as they stagger around the speed craft -- in a last - chance attempt at kill Cooper once for all he launch into a offensive that have Cooper 's ear ringing -- but Cooper surge --send richter crash to the stern -- Cooper stagger back and look ahead -- they're speed toward the CENTER of the tanker --no where to turn -- Cooper grab filmore and yank her up -- cooper jump !!! they jump from the speed boat tumble violently into the water -- richter look up for a second -- wham !!!! the boat explode in a fireball against the hull of the ship -- annihilate richter -- ext tanker booommmm !!! more explosion on the tanker create a domino effect -- Cooper swim as hard as he can , drag filmore toward they boat which spiral in a circle -- cooper stay clear -- Cooper get hold of a mooring rope on the of the dangerously spin boat and struggle aboard -- he run and kill the engine -- the boat slow down -- Cooper circle and near filmore -- he reach out for she -- she extend she hand but he miss her -- Cooper juice up the boat and circle around her again -- this time grab Cooper by the hand -- he yank she safely on board -- the two collapse to the deck as a series of explosion on the tanker begin to escalate -- Cooper fire up the boat and head away from the tanker as boooommmm !!!! the tanker be blown to smithereen -- it 's huge frame begin to sink -- ext coast guard cutter a sentry flash a powerful beam out toward the flame , sink ship -- catch filmore and Cooper they boat a little speck in the water -- sentry we have get survivor -- about fifteen hundred foot southwest ! we then see jackson step out on deck and look through he binoculars -- ext sea Jackson see Cooper and filmore - - very much alive -- Jackson lower he binocular in disbelief , smile -- jackson that son-of-a-bitch ! int room in DC myer be on the phone -- myer be you absolutely certain ?!... stand by ! he look to myer and sen . filmore -- myer it 's over ! sen . filmore drop he head in despair -- myer Cooper get she out ! filmore look up , as if the cloud parte to reveal heaven itself -- ext sea pass float barrel of the binary chemicals , they race away from the flame and toward the rising SUN . on the horizon , the coast guard cutter approach -- a wounded , exhaust Cooper and filmore trade look . more than gratitude , there be a attraction in they eye . but neither really know how to express it . cooper well filmore -- filmore well Cooper ... cooper look like you be not go to make that dinner after all ... filmore I guess not Cooper ... she look out at dawn spread across the horizon -- filmore ... but you can not say we do not try ... the boat head off into the distance ... the end