S T R a N G E D a y S by James cameron &amp ; jay cock from a story by James cameron august 11 , 1993 -------------------------------------------------------------- 1:06 am dec 30 , 1999 blackness . we hear : voice ready ? second voice ( lenny ) yeah . Boot it . a burst of bright white static explode across the darkness . a high whine on the audio track give way to street sound and rapid breathe . a image waver and stabilize : a nervous Pov . we be in a car , sit in the backseat , and we be nervous , the view swinging around , show the street roll by outside the window , then whipping back to the two guy in the front seat . we Pov look down at a SMALL recording device in " we " hand . a red LED be flash . we slip the recorder into a coat pocket . our voice okay . it 's goin ' . I be recording . the guy riding shotgun , lane , be just pull a pantyhose over he head , smear he feature into a pig-like mask . he turn , directly to the lens , piss off . lane good one , dickhead . thanks for waitin ' till I get this fuckin thing on . you tryin ' to i.d. I , or what ? he toss another pantyhose right at we and we catch it . we Pov look down , into the pantyhose , which come up over we field of view . we realize : this be not some ride - along verite video . we be one of these guy . Real honest - to - God point of view , with no cut , no music . this be not film , it be human experience . the driver be a Hispanic guy name " spaz " diaz . Lane be a white guy who look very strung out . couple of crackhead . the car be a mid-seventy barge , piebald with primer . lane next alley ... just pull in slow . ( turn to we ) hurry up will ya . here . he hand we a big stainless steel revolver . the Pov look down as we shaky hand snap open the cylinder , check the round , snap it close . diaz pull the barge into a alley . the headlight illuminate overflow dumpster . a chicano busboy be make trash run out the back door of a restaurant , which he have chock open . the busboy go back inside . lane let 's go . out of the car , quickly , we own breathe loud in we ear . we even hear we own heartbeat , racing now . through the door , after Lane , move fast . into the kitchen . fluorescent glare . the busboy turn , surprised , Lane put the shotgun in he face . freeze he . Lane put a finger to he lip : " quiet " in any language . we hand put the magnum in the thai cook 's face . we get they down on the greasy floor , Lane control they with the shotgun . he look at we , snap he eye toward the front room . we hear voice as we approach the swing door . go through . whip pan leave , then right . scope the layout . low-rent thai place . Red wallpaper . close time . Middle -ag thai owner , by the cash-register , count money . Young thai waitress , clean up . they look up , stunne , as we put the gun on they . our voice ( shouting , edgy ) do not move , do not talk , do not do nothing . we Pov be whipping around , from the front door to the owner to the kitchen where Lane be stand in the doorway cover the cook and busboy , back to the owner as he step back from the cash-register . we scoop up the big wad of bill : seven , eight hundred buck in ten and fives . now yell , herding the owner and the waitress into the kitchen , the owner try to calm the girl in singsongy thai , Lane shouting at he to shut up . into the walk - in cooler . the steel door close on four scared pair of eye . Pov look around , see ... a dish-rack . we hand pull out a spoon , drop the spoon handle through the hole in the cooler door-latch . lock they in . Lane head out the back door . laugh , as he look at the wad of cash we hand be wave in front of he . we follow Lane to the car . snap a look down the alley one way , then the other . shit ! cop Black -and - White pull into the far end of the alley . heartbeat go triple time . scramble into the car . door not even close and spaz have it in reverse , burn rubber as he launch back down the alley . scrunch ! the car grind along one wall as spaz steer wildly backward . spark right next to we . then -- kboom ! as we slam into a dumpster and push it right out into the street . the cop have he light and siren on , and be roaring at we as spaz crank the wheel and punch it down the street . he curse in English and Spanish as he weave between car . we pull off the stock to see better . the cop car surge onto the street behind we . look ahead . a red light . Cars stop , block the way . cut to the right , onto the sidewalk , around the car , into the intersection . a near miss with cross traffic , then accelerate . another red light ahead . lane do not stop ! truck enter the intersection . everyone yell . spaz cut the wheel but too late ... clip the truck and spin . the street outside smear past like the view from a tilt -a-whirl . then kblam ! hitting something , god-know - what , and launching up and over , and -- krunch ! crush metal and a explosion of break glass . it get quiet and still . tinkling glass as Lane move . then spaz be scream . the car be upside down . crawl out of the side window . a frenzy now . whip pan to see the cop pull up . then whipping back to the wreck . the engine be burn . flame spread rapidly . spaz inside , pin , upside down , blood pump across he face . we hand pull Lane out . he come up run . we run after he , sprinting toward the welcoming darkness of a alley . pant breath and heartbeat and siren and somebody yell . gunshot . look back . cop next to they car , fire . ahead , Lane run into shadow . then a door open , a man come out of a metal firedoor . Lane grab he , throw he out of the way , hold the door open as we dive through into -- a stairwell . Lane sprinting up , two step at a time . try the door at the second floor landing . lock . shit . running up . dizzy whirl as we run , up and up . the Pov be finally break by a ... CUT to : int . underground garage but we do not know where we be yet . we see a man in extreme close - up : just he eye and mouth . the eye be close , the eyeball tracking under the lid , like he be watch a movie in there . this be lenny . lenny this be great ... the door be all lock . who be this loser , friend of yours ? CUT to : back to Pov as we reach the fifth floor landing . Lane be come unglue as he find this door lock . we look down , see cop come two floor below . one crank off a couple round at we and we snap back from the railing . pound up the last flight . finally ! the door be unlock . blast through it , behind Lane , onto the roof . running all out past ac unit and pipe , air vent . look up : a lapd helicopter orbit close . it flick the xenon onto we and we be run in a vibrate circle of blue daylight . running along the edge of the roof . look down . car burn upside down in the street below . the gas tank explode , fill the street with orange light . we do not slow . we be run all out . lenny ( v.o. ) wow ... the gas tank be a nice touch . oh , oh , end of the line boy . ahead , in Pov we see the edge of the roof come up . Beyond it be another building , about ten foot lower and separate by a 20 foot alley . but Lane do not slow down . he leap across the void and make it to the other building , landing in a sprawl . we reach the edge and look down . six storey . no ladder or fire -escape . whip to behind we . cop run across the roof . lane come on ! Fucking jump man ! the Pov back up from the edge and then run toward it ... out into the void . move ... airborne ... then ... wham ! right into the parapet wall . slip down . Brick wall right in we face . bloody finger grab for a rusty piece of pipe run along the edge . look down ... foot dangle over a sixty foot drop . a cat walk through a patch of light in the alley below , oblivious . breathe raspy . snap a look up as the pipe give way . a keen whine come from we as we scramble to climb up but ... snap a look down -- wall rush past , sound of wind , and we own raspy scream -- Ground rush up -- Split second impression of a cat , look up , yowling and run out of the way as -- pavement fill frame . a burst of violent red light . sound like a gunshot ... but no echo . only silence . and blackness . CUT to : int . underground parking garage lit by mile of fluorescent . empty and echoing . Close on lenny . he have something on he head . something that look like a mutate set of walkman headphone , except they have little gecko finger that fit along the temple and over the forehead . playback " trode " . lenny whip off the trode , gasp as if he get gutpunch . lenny goddamnit ! you know I do not deal in snuff . how many time I hafta tell you ?! lenny be with a guy everybody know as " tick " , a pale - skinned creature of the night in T-shirt and leather jacket . tick be a bottomfeeder in the techno- underground of the near future . tick do not have a fuck coronary , lenny . lenny well you could have at least warn I . you know I hate the zap ... when they die . it just bring down you whole day . jeez , tick . tick sorry . lenny nero be low thirty . handsome . charm . and you better check to see if you still have you ring after you shake with he . he be wear a expensive italian jacket , and what he think of as a " power tie . " his rolex be not real . his greasy hair be too long and curl around he collar . he need to shave . a little sleazy . but he have energy , and heavy street smart . lenny be sit on the hood of he ' 97 BMW 1035i . tick be face he , sit in the back of he beat- to-shit 70' van . there be a lot of tape and tech stuff pile inside the van . lenny have a haliburton case open next to he , like a drug dealer . in fact the whole setup look like a drug deal , but it 's not . though it be illegal . the case hold lenny 's personal playback deck , he trode , and a rack of the little tape in which he deal . they be about the size of dat tape , and hold about 30 minute of sensory experience ... everything a person see , hear , and feel ... record directly from the cerebral cortex at the moment it be happen . lenny how would you get the tape ? why do not the cop put it in evidence ? tick with all the blood I guess they do not see the rig . guy have it under a wig . lenny yeah , but how would it get to you ? tick I get way , lenny , I get way . ( off lenny 's impatient look ) okay , okay ... I get a deal with some a the paramedics . my guy page I and I pick it up at the morgue . so whaddya think ? this clip 's gotta be worth at least a grand . right ? lenny tick . not to dash you hope , but I do not deal this kind of product , you know that . I will give you four for it , cause I have gotta cut off the last bit . and my customer want uncut . tick fuck that ! the last part 's the best . you dry -dive six storey and blammo ! Jack right into the Big Black . lenny I do not deal black - jack clip ! it 's policy . I get ethic here . tick yeah , when do that start ? come on , man ! it 's what people want to see , and you know it . lenny so lay it off to somebody else . tick come on , lenny . I get expense . I get to get this rig fix . look at it ... tick hold up a zip -lock bag contain the Walkman-sized stainless steel cortical resonance recorder , the record deck we see earlier in the Pov . also in the bag be the squid net , a matrix of sensor design to conform to the human head ( this be different from playback trode ) . the whole work be cover with congeal blood . tick give I six at least . this 's a good clip , here . get you pumpin ' . lenny yeah , well , the first part 's okay . better than the usual soap you bring I . tick now that be cold , lenny . I always bring you choice . lenny fish around in a cardboard box at tick 's foot , pull out a tape . lenny sure , like this low - grade shit here , some girl in a fight with she boyfriend ... it 's a test - pattern . nothing happen . I be snorin' . tick hey , you be always say , ' bring I real life . bring I street life . and , like , one man 's mundane and desperate existence be another man 's technicolor . ' lenny I say that ? look , I will take it for five , and you will make out okay , because in this case it 's pure cream , you do not have to cut anything back to the wearer . tick ha ! that 's for fuck sure . lenny what else you get ? CUT to : montage / series of shot lenny in he BMW , drive through the LA street . streetlight and neon flare across the windshield in a calligraphy of light . lenny work the cellular , get message on he digital pager , weave in and out of traffic -- punch the button on he radio , change station all the time . Raw , nervous energy : like a kid who can not stay still . it 's a hard hustle in the big food chain . lenny look , jerr . I be nothing if not a man of my word . I will drop the money by tomorrow , next day latest . it 's a little craze right now . yeah , on my mother 's eye , I swear . thanks , buddy . ( hang up ) prick . ( to the car ahead honk ) what kinda move you call that ?! lemming . lenny turn up the radio . selected drive - by image , as the talk - radio provide commentary . lenny 's car pass under glow Santa clause on the light - pole . banner proclaim the come " millennium LA " festivity . talk -radio host ... it 's a little after 2 be on December 30th , 1999 ... the second to last day of the whole darn century , and the phone line be open . Dan from silverlake , you be on the air . Transition to a rougher section of town . building roll by endlessly , tag by gang in graphic tribal pattern . some be burnt - out ruin . dan from silverlake uh , hi . host so Dan , be you look forward to the New Year ? a building be burn out of control . in the foreground , silhouett , a drunk sleep soundly on a bus-bench . dan not really . I mean what 's the point ? nothing change New year day . the economy suck , gas be over three buck a gallon , fifth grade kid be shoot each other at recess ... the whole thing suck , right ? so what the hell be we celebrate ? a shanty - camp of homeless people under a freeway overpass . Homes make of cardboard and carpet remnant . they life in shopping cart . host you be a glass - is- half - empty kind of guy , be not you Dan ? well I for one happen to think that we make it 2000 year be worth celebrate -- lenny cut he off , punch to another station , and music blast . something fast ... a rap-metal hybrid . anger and energy . we CUT in fast blitzes of image like a burst of automatic weapon fire : helicopter on patrol , people run in the street , building smolder , fist raise , shouting people , paramedics rush a body into a ambulance , Korean store owner armed to the tooth , a body cover by a yellow plastic sheet , blood run down the gutter . cop in riot gear , with m - 16 , on patrol in a Hispanic neighborhood . back to lenny come out of a bar with a nervous businessman . we do not hear the conversation . music over . lenny palm a roll of bill from the guy as he slip a squid tape into the pocket of the businessman 's suit jacket . lenny clap he on the shoulder and walk away . lenny 's beeper go off and he pause to look at the number . on lenny drive . ahead , through the windshield we see a police checkpoint . the cop have throw a block across the street and be shin they light in the car as they creep through . lenny slap he id against the side window with one hand , not miss a beat in he conversation . this be just part of life in LA . lenny ( on cellular ) jimbo . I be there , Jimmy . right now , can not you hear I knockin ' ? CUT to lenny work he way through a crowded club , music pound . Strobe light . we do not see much . he hear he phone ring and pull the tiny digital cellular out of he breast pocket . stick a finger in he other ear and answer . CUT to lenny , back in the BMW , on the street . on the move . lenny -- so you line up the talent , shoot the clip , get it to I by Monday . ok ? client want a guy and two girl , the guy wear ... yeah , I know , think he 's be original . Girls have to be young . so do not use you mother like you usually do . yeah , you too , pendejo . and no big tit ... french tit . that 's it ... like Champagne glass ... you get it . what a pro . page I . lenny pull up to the security checkpoint of a gated community . the white upper-middle class hide behind wall and pay security . lori if you read the Bible , Mark , you would know that there will not be another thousand year . right now we be in the last day , as foretold in the book of -- host the last day ? you mean the come of the apocalypse , right ? the rapture ? lenny fish around in the glove compartment , flipping through about twenty plastic security pass for different part of town , all bogus . he find the right one and flip it onto the dash . lori yes , that 's right . you only have to look at the sign ... there be war and rumor of war -- the rent a cop at the guardshack hit he with he light . lenny ( lie ) I live here . the cop wave he through . lenny be the right color . host now just so the rest of we know how much time be leave , when be the rapture suppose to hit , exactly ? be it midnight New Year 's Eve ? and we CUT to a burst of news videotape , enlarge , noisy , distort ... image of a great gather in the desert , the faithful wait for God 's sign as the millennium approach . host be that midnight LA time , or Eastern Standard or what ? I mean , what time zone be God in , anyway ? lori I pray for you all . lenny 's BMW cruise past a overturn burn car . there be no - one around . he barely glance at it . common sight this day . if it be the end of the world , lenny 's not go to let it break he rhythm . lenny ( cellular ) I just get something in , Bobby , you might appreciate . a 211 at a thai joint go south , and this three scuzzball end up in a gun-and -run . it 's a beauty , two thumb up . parental discretion advise . I be talk it 's the master , not some step - on copy . one of a kind . lenny inside a gloomy bar . he slide into a booth with norm skinner , a paunchy guy with thinning hair who dress too young . a pretty , stone - look girl be lean against Skinner . lenny yo , Skinner . the skin man. ( finger he jacket ) Red leather . Nice feminine touch . skinner ( laugh ) fuck you , nero . lenny whattya get for I ? CUT to : Pov of a woman writhe above we in ecstasy . lovemake in point-of-view . we look down , see our body , a woman 's body ... we hand move over the other woman 's torso . the image be dark , a primal impression . sound of harsh breathe , rustling sheet . back to lenny in the booth with Skinner . lenny have Skinner 's tape run in a playback deck clipped to he belt , next to he pager . he be hunch over the table , " sampling " the merchandise by touch a few of the try pad to he temple without put on the whole headset . like a coke dealer take a little on the fingernail . lenny yeah , I can use this ... ( to the stone girl ) ... but honey you gotta move you eye slower next time . it 's too jerky . skinner it be she first time , lenny . cut she some slack . tight slowmo shot ... abstract : squid tape and money change hand . a squid tape slide sensuously into a deck . tight cu lenny , through the windshield of he car . neon move over he . news footage : lapd aerospatiale circle , they xenon light turn night into day , give the impression of a futuristic war zone . inside the cockpit , the infrared camera show green -screen image of people in car , in they home ... like footage of hyenas shot at night in total darkness . the impression be of a society under siege , a occupy nation ... a watch society where the camera eye and the police spotlight define we reality . host go ahead , caller , you be on the air . voice my name 's dewayne , and I get a New Year 's resolution for the po-lice . hey , yo five oh , you better get down with 2 - K. crash unit cop with a bunch of salvadoran gang kid rack up against a storefront . a dozen 16 year - old girl and guy , hand against the wall , act bored , as the cop walk up and down , read id . host 2 - k ? what 's that dewayne ? a group of cop have two black guy prone out . nearby a crowd jeer , shouting insult . a black kid throw a beer bottle and one of the cop chase he into the crowd . dewayne 2 - k . the big two thousand . comin tomorrow night . out with the old and in wit da new . see for the man , no new be good new , what I be sayin . he like to keep it the way it be . but we go to take it , make it new , make it we own . History gonna start right here , right now -- lenny cut he off as he cellular call connect . lenny hi , Dave , this be lenny . ( pause ) nero. lenny nero . that 's right . oh , be it late ? sorry . it 's just that I have something that might be of interest , and since I always call you first -- ( pause ) uh , huh . well , what would be a good time ? okay , sure . catch you then . CUT to : a game arcade . Light and noise as the customer drop quarter for synthetic thrill . lenny be talk to a nice- look street kid in he early 20' name eduardo . eduardo let I get this straight ... you gonna pay I 200 buck to put on a hair net and bang some beautiful babe . I do not know , I gotta think about this . lenny smile and pull out a squid - net . he motion eduardo into the shadow . lenny okay , let 's get you wire up . I hope this axle grease you get in you hair do not screw up the squid receptor . eduardo what 's all this squid shit ? as lenny work , fitting the network of sensor over eduardo 's head , he hold class . lenny superconduct quantum interference device . squid . get it ? there 's gonna be a test . eduardo hey , fuck you , man . lenny easy , eduardo , easy . preserve a sense of humor at all time . okay , the receptor rig ... what I be put on you head ... send a signal to the recorder . ( lenny hold up the recorder ) see we call it " be wire , " but there 's no wire . you gotta keep the recorder close ... five , six foot away max , like in you jacket pocket by the bed or wherever you be go to close escrow , know what I mean ? eduardo yeah , right . lenny fit a wig from he briefcase over eduardo 's head , turn he into a headbanger . eduardo scowl at this set-back to he suavete . lenny some tip . do not dart you eye around . do not look in the mirror or you will id yourself . ok ? you get a half hour of tape , so give I some lead - in to the main event . but do not wait too long , I do not want to be go out for popcorn . and do not act natural . do not act at all . just forget the thing be on . get it ? eduardo no problem . lenny a star be bear . CUT to : ext . train yard - night a woman 's foot move along the steel rail of a train track at night . the woman have no shoe , she foot bare . Iris stumble along the track , clutching one shoe pointlessly to she chest . she be swear and cry , runny mascara leave two tragic streak down she pale face . despite this we see that she be attractive , though she dress and make - up seem design to convey over sexiness . her white skin be complement by a wild mane of curly red hair . she be in she early twenty , and the harshness of she life have just begin to harden she feature . she look lose and without hope , in fear of she life . her breath come in hitching sob , and she eye be wild . she run between cold steel wall of freight car , look behind she frequently . a police helicopter be circle . its xenon beam play over the train yard , sweeping over the car . she hunch into the shadow of a freight - car as the beam pass over . look under the car she see a lapd patrol car cruise down a street adjoin the yard , its searchlight sweeping toward she . it move on . she continue she run , move away from the direction of the patrol car . she reach a chain - link fence . crying , she scramble over it , cut she hand and rip she dress . another patrol car pass two block away . she crouch in the tall grass until it round a corner out of sight . CUT to : ext . alley and STREET - night Iris sprint down a alley between building . rat scatter into the shadow ahead of she . she do not seem to notice . all she care about be the police light , and the sound of the helicopter dron , circle . she pause at the mouth of the alley , scan the well - light street beyond . there be people here : downtown low - life street people . a half - block away be a brightly light sign mark the entrance to a red-line subway station . she walk along the sidewalk , she eye on the sign , feel expose as she walk openly , she heart pound . she be a mess , but in this section of town people barely glance at she . low angle on she bare foot , stand out amid the shoe and boot of winter . she cross the street , and reach the sidewalk just as a black - and - white round the corner at the end of the block , behind she . in the cruiser be two cop , who be scan the street . they look intense . revved up . they be burden spreg , a massive , barrel - chest street - lifer in he mid-forty , and dwayne engelman , a aggressive hard - on in he twenty with a brush cut , a nautilus body , and a face like a ferret . engelman she 's a hooker , vice will have she in the book . we can pick she up later . spreg no. now . Iris know the cop be behind she . she be terrify to turn . finally she can not stand it any more . she break into a run . the patrol car speed up suddenly , roaring after she . Iris sprint along in she bare foot , all - out like a track runner . the black - and - white screech to the curb next to she and the cop jump out . Iris hit the stair down to the subway station at a full - tilt boogie , knock down some poor old guy whose grocery go fly . CUT to : int . subway station and train Iris trip on the landing , spin sprawling across the filthy tile floor , and come up run . pant with fear and exertion she clear the turnstile like a hurdler . the cop pound down the stair two at a time . spreg draw he 'mm . in he eye we see a unaccountable craziness ... a hunter who have as much at stake somehow as the prey . Street people fall back as spreg thunder through they . they be not about to get in the way of this juggernaut cop and he boy wonder . the two cop reach the platform . no Iris in sight . moving with they as they slow to a walk , scan . a couple of low - life stand around , wait for train , eye they warily as spreg get a call on he Rover . dispatcher ( v.o. ) do you request back -up ? spreg negative . suspect be a black male , age 35 to 40 . we be handle it . a train pull into the station with a whoosh of air . a few people board . there be only the sound of the cop ' footstep as they move along the empty platform . with a pneumatic hiss the train 's door begin to close . suddenly Iris break from behind a column up ahead at a full sprint . spreg unleash he size 13 cop shoe , thunder along the platform to intercept she . engelman straight - arm he pistol . engelman freeze ! Iris clear the door just as they hiss shut . her momentum carry she clear across the car , where she slam into the far wall and stagger back , almost fall . she gasp for breath and look up to see ... ... spreg crash against the outside of the door she just come through as the train start to move . he try to force the door apart ... can not . he aim he gun through the window . think fast Iris dive to he side of the car and press herself up against the solid wall next to the door , where he can not see she . outside , spreg be run next to the accelerate train . he swing he pistol , smash the window with the butt . Iris scream as spreg lunge through the open next to she like some uniform nightmare and grab she . he be still run alongside , pull on she . try to drag she right out through the window . she struggle . bite he beefy hand . he swear and let go . then make one last grab . get he finger into she long mane of hair . yank on she . she come half out the window , scream . then ... rip ! the hair pull off she head . spreg drop away , behind the speed train , hold a red wig . he look at it stupidly , then raise he pistol and fire at Iris . she jerk back through the window and drop to the floor . a couple of shot hit the metal outside . we see Iris have short hair , platinum white . in it be a few of the many pin which hold the wig securely in place . she gasp for air , sobbing and hugging she knee , tremble all over . spreg stand on the platform , watch the train disappear , as engelman run up . spreg look at the wig in he hand , disgust . he turn it and look inside , at the cap . close on the cap inside the wig : there be a intricate network of sensor in a grid over the entire underside of the wig . the sensor be connect by wire , in a pattern like the vein of a leaf , bundle to a small , flat metal box , the size of a cigarette case . it be a squid net . Iris be wire . spreg just stare at the squid net , eye go crazy wide . engelman oh shit . CUT to : ext . / int . lenny' apartment - night it be 4 am . lenny trudge through a heavy security gate into the center court of he ratty building . the pool furniture be in the pool . gang graffiti mark the wall . bar on all the window . one of the door look like somebody open it with a ax . the pool light give the place a eerie , dead glow . can out slick lenny really live in this dump ? through a bar window we see lenny approach as we hear the outgoing message on he answer machine in the f.g . beep . and ... Iris ( v.o. ) lenny , goddamn it , you get to be there , you get to help I , come on , pick up , pick up ... through the window we see lenny fishing in he pocket for he key . CUT to : ext . all night gas station - night Iris at a pay phone in the cold of a all - night gas station . Iris ... you get to be there for I ... come on ! shit , I will call later . CUT to : int . lenny' apartment as lenny unlock the door , all he hear be Iris ' " I will call later . " he pick up the phone as the connection break . CUT to : ext . all night gas station - night Iris continue to grip the phone even after she have hang up . she look desolate , without hope . CUT to : int . lenny' apartment lenny do not stop to play back Iris ' message , or any of the twenty other on he machine . he just deadbolt the door and lock a steel bar across the door frame , then carry he haliburton ... ... toward the bedroom . and we see the truth of he reality . lenny 's crib be a shit -box . it be a small one - bedroom , barely furnish . a couple of chair . swap -meet couch . cardboard box full of tech gear stack in the corner , unidentified electronics component pile on a table , cable strung everywhere . God know what this stuff be . there be aluminum foil tape to all the window . fast food carton , empty Coke can , pizza box everywhere . the bachelor apartment from hell . High - tech low-life . he go into the bedroom . mattress on the floor . same infernal interior decoration , but this room be dominate by rack of tape ... squid tape . lenny pour himself a vodka from a bedside bottle , take off he clothes and hang they over a chair . he sit on the bed in he underwear , look lonely and depressed . this be the private lenny : no plan . no dream . nothing to look forward to but another day of the hustle . he put a set of playback trode carefully on he head , fish around in a shoe box among a bunch of tape , squinting at the hand - write label : they all say " faith . " only the date be different . he select one and insert it in the deck , make some minute adjustment . sip he vodka . leans back . close he eye . and hit play . play back sequence / Pov : we be move along the Venice boardwalk , follow a young woman on rollerblades . by we motion , it be obvious that we be on rollerblades too , and not do so well . the woman be laugh , turn circle around we , crack up at we discomfort . we hear lenny 's voice complain a mile a minute , and we realize the Pov be he . the girl take we hand , skate backward , towing we along the boardwalk . it be a sunny afternoon , and it be the usual boardwalk freak show all around we . the woman be faith justin , a singer . lenny be desperately in love with she . it 's not hard to see why . she be beautiful , in a alive , dynamic way . her hair be a wild dark mane , and she eye be spectacular ... intense . she move with a lithe , sinuous grace . we be stare at she eye instead of concentrate on skate . whammo ! the Pov spin and we be sit , look up at faith as she circle , laugh . she skate over to help we up . CUT to lenny , on he bed , smile . he punch fast forward . back to Pov . a kinetic blur of digital hash , then ... we be follow faith , now hold she skate , up the step to a beach apartment . Inside it be funky and comfortable . Music from a disk player she leave on . Bob marley sing " Three Little bird " . faith , cover with a sheen of sweat , sway to the music as she go into a bedroom . we follow she . she come out of the small bathroom with a towel , start to dry off . sunlight come in the window lighting up faith like she be in a spotlight . we move up behind she and take the towel away , and now we see lenny stand behind faith in the mirror over the dresser . he put he arm around she and they sway together to the music . he run he finger in lazy circle over she sweaty belly . then lean down and lick the sweat off she shoulder , all the while watch she in the mirror . a voyeur recording he voyeurism through he own eye , so he can replay and relive the moment . they eye meet in the mirror . they both watch as lenny slide he hand up under she halter and caress she nipple . she moan softly , respond . she turn to he , and we Pov shift directly to she . she be right in front of we , in tight close up . the intimacy be power . faith ( laugh ) hey , you go to watch or you go to do ? lenny watch and see . we lean toward she , until she eye fill frame as they close in a kiss . we ( lenny ) keep ours open . we hand pull she halter over she head . then she pull up on lenny 's T-shirt , laugh . we see it go over we eye , block the view for a moment . then faith kiss lenny 's bare chest . we be look down at she , look down across we body , lenny 's body , as faith kiss lower , kneel in front of we , unbuckle we belt and we -- CUT to lenny in the here and now . lose in playback memory bliss . he inhale sharply behind a wave of electronically record pleasure . back to Pov . lenny pull faith up to he face , kissing she , then push she gently to the bed , where we lie down together in a pool of sunlight slashing across the tangle sheet . she look up , right at we ... faith I love you eye , lenny . ( she touch we eyelid ) I love the way they see . CUT to lenny , lose in the swirl of sensation . he touch he tongue to he fingertip . in Pov we look down at faith as we enter she . she gasp and close she eye , grab the headboard with both hand . there be only the sound of gasp breath , the creak bed frame . she rock with the rhythm of we thrust , borne away by the intensity until she cry out . CUT to lenny , relive the past , under the electrode . he react to the past orgasm . the tape end , lenny slowly take off the trode . there be a tiny tear at the corner of he eye . CUT to : int . lenny' apartment / series of shot 2:14 pm , december 30 lenny crack a eye as the Sony 35 " blink on in alarm mode : news flash of the day before New Year 's Eve ... police preparation for the epic millennium L.A. shebang downtown , the National Guard do riot prep , etc . sunlight come like laser through hole in the aluminum foil over the window . lenny go to the kitchen in he underwear , search for breakfast in the fridge , which be empty except for a red-white - and -blue 2 - stick popsicle . good morning . the tv screen show a murder scene with cop milling around , yellow plastic over three crumpled form on the ground . it cut to a file photo of a severe - feature black man . anchorwoman ... body of two man find early this morning under the Hollywood freeway have be identify as rap star jeriko one and bandmember James polton , know to fan as " replay " . a third body , that of a woman , have not yet be identify . with he band , the prophet of rage , jeriko one 's outspoken political stance and violent lyric have stir nationwide controversy ... CUT to : a little later . lenny suck on the popsicle while he put the night 's wardrobe together . this be a ceremony he observe carefully . suit laid out on the bed , shirt beneath the jacket . lenny match a tie to the ensemble -- well , maybe -- try another -- that 's the one . CUT to : lenny , behind the wheel of the BMW . he be revve up , he look dial - in . he 's on the move . seize the day . lenny ( on cellular ) you know I can get you anything you want , anytime you want it , just not right now . we will hook up at the club later . around eleven . yeah . lenny wheel into a parking lot , find a space , grab he haliburton and step out , head for the front door of the coral Lounge . CUT to : int . coral lounge the decor be sort of polynesian . goofy tropical motif mural on the wall . the place have a mix bag of customer , include upwardly mobile low - life who have graduate from the street and use it as a kind of office . it be a crossroad for druggy , upscale hooker , junior entertainment suit slumming after a day in the pressure cooker . lenny cruise through like he own the place , greeting a number of the early regular . we get the impression he know everybody , all the time , everywhere he go . he lean on the bar . bartender hey , lenny . lenny anything without a umbrella . he get backslap by a guy in a satin racing jacket : fabrizio . fabrizio lenny my man , I think you want to meet a friend of mine . lenny follow fabrizio 's look to a guy , dress LA power - casual , sit at a booth across the room . lenny look like money to I . lenny grab he drink off the bar and follow fabrizio across the room . fabrizio do not forget you friend . lenny 10 percent , fabri , like always . they slide into the booth with keith . fabri keith , this be lenny . guy I be tell you about . he can get you anything you -- lenny ( cut he off ) just a second . not to be rude , keith , but I get to ask , be you a cop ? keith I understand . no , I be not . lenny you understand ? Attorney ! right ? be I right ? keith that 's right . lenny size the guy up , look around the edge of the table . lenny tassel shoe . entertainment law , would be my guess . ( off the guy 's scowl ) relax . I just like to guess , be all . it 's my job to know people and what they want ... what 's behind they eye . fabrizio lenny give people they heart 's desire . ai not that right , lenny ? lenny that 's right . my second question I gotta ask , so we get we bearing here ... have you ever jacket in ? have you ever wiretripped ? keith no . lenny ( a win grin ) a virgin brain ! well we be go to start you off right . so what do you know about this ? save we some time ... keith ( shrug ) just what I have read . that the technology be develop for the fed , to replace the body wire . and now it 's go black market . so , uh , do I get the deck from you ? lenny I will set you up , get you a deck at my cost ... since my thing be the software . keith clip . lenny that 's right . clip . ( lenny lean in , work the guy ) look , I want you to know what we be talk about here . this be not like tv only better . this be life . it 's a piece of somebody 's life . pure and uncut , straight from the cerebral cortex . you be there . you be do it , see it , hearing it ... feel it . keith what kind of thing exactly ? lenny exactly anything . whatever you want . whoever you want to be . ( hand fabrizio a twenty ) fabri , get we another round , would you . fabrizio get the hint and head for the bar . lenny you want to go ski without leave you de , you can . but I be assume a guy like you , you wanna go ski you fly to aspen . that 's not what you be interested in here . it 's about the stuff you can not have ... right ? the forbidden fruit . keith nod , mesmerize by lenny . lenny like run into a liquor store with a .357 magnum in you hand , feel the adrenalin pump through you vein . or ... ( point discreetly ) ... see that guy , with the drop-dead philipino girl friend ? ( keith look ) would not you like to be that guy for twenty minute ? the right twenty minute . I can make it happen . and you will not even tarnish you wedding ring . keith touch he ring self - consciously , then grin . keith ( hook like a carp ) sound good . lenny I can get you what you want . you just have to talk to I . I be you priest , you shrink , you main connection to the switchboard of soul . I be the Magic man , the Santa Claus of the subconscious . you say it , you even think it , you can have it . you want a girl , you want two girl ? I do not know what you thing be or what you be curious about ... you want a guy ? you want to be a girl ... see what that feel like ? you want a nun to tie you up ? it 's all doable . keith ( flushed , sweat , ready ) talk to I about cost , here . lenny listen , before we get into number , I want you to try a taste . I get a deck with I . keith what ? right here ? lenny ( grin ) step into my office . CUT to : int . coral lounge / men' room Close on keith 's face , as he sit on the sink counter reacting to a squid tape . he jerk ... he mouth drop open ... he gasp . his hand start to move over he body , feel it wonderingly . he gasp again , tilt he head down , moan ... and lenny hit pause on the playback . keith open he eye to a grin lenny . lenny you be just a eighteen year old girl take a shower . be you beginning to see the possibility here ? CUT to : ext . parking lot / coral lounge a figure move stealthily from the shadow and approach lenny 's car : Iris , hair dyed black now , wear jeans and a coat but still show scar from last night 's pursuit . she try the door of the car : lock . she look toward the coral Lounge , debate whether to go look for lenny . better not . she take a squid tape from she pocket , and scribbles a note on the label : " help me. Iris . " she drop the tape through a 2 - inch gap in lenny 's sun roof ... and it bounce off the seat , onto the floor . she look through the windshield , totally distraught , try to see where the tape land ... and see the reflection of cop cruiser light come down the street . she crouch next to the BMW , try to blot herself out . and when the cruiser pass , she slump to the ground , cry , afraid to move . CUT to : int . coral lounge a man in he late 30 : longish hair , no shave since the weekend , army jacket bulk over a massive frame . a daunt figure as he approach the bartender . man ( max ) where be he ? Bobby , the bartender , cock he eye toward the restroom . CUT to : int . corridor / coral lounge lenny unlock the men' room door and walk down the dingy corridor with she new customer , keith . keith yeah , I be interested , but can we get someplace a little less public ? lenny ( grin ) you nervous ? forget it . the cop have more to worry about in this city than the squid-trade , believe I -- behind they , the door of the woman 's bathroom whip open and the guy in the army jacket grab lenny from behind and slam he face - first into the wall , jam a .45 against he skull . man ( max ) do not move ! that 's it , assume the position you miserable techno- perv puke . cop style , the man in the army jacket kick lenny 's foot apart . start to cuff he . man ( to keith ) beat it fuckwad . ash - white , keith lay a smoke trail down the hall . on the main floor of the club , fabrizio see he split and hurry after he . back in the corridor , lenny spin around and shove he attacker against the opposite wall . the guy offer no resistance . in fact , he 's too weak from laugh . man ( max ) gotcha . lenny damnit , Max , I be with a client ! you think that 's funny ? to mess with a man 's livelihood ? it 's not funny ! max you see the look on that preppy puke 's face ? fuckin ' piss in he topsider . lenny ( laugh a little ) okay . it be funny . but it cost I money . max come on , amigo , the world 's full of mark . and nobody know how to work them like you do , pal . you could sell a goddamn rat 's asshole for a wedding ring ! let I buy you a drink . lenny least you can do . Max peltier , which he mispronounce " pelcher " , sling he arm fraternally over lenny 's shoulder . they cross to the bar . Max roar greeting to several regular , push between stranger like a out of control tractor . regular yo , pelcher ! mad Max ! max fuckin ' a right I be mad ! I might kill every man in here . but first I be buyin ' my buddy here a drink . ( see another regular ) hey o'neal ! you be right , you wife do give good head . Max lurch onto a barstool and hunch there like a misanthropic bear , pound the bartop . max bobbyyyy ! tequila por favor ! double shot . make it tres generacione , huh . nothin ' but the best for my good friend lenny , the finest cop that ever get throw off the vice squad . hey , nice tie . lenny thanks , Max . max D ' you always have to dress like a fuckin ' pimp ? lenny this tie cost more than you entire wardrobe . max that 's not sayin ' much . lenny it 's the one thing that stand between I and the jungle . Max raise he double shooter . max to the jungle ! where outa the blue some shitbird can cap you in the back of the head and ruin you whole day . he downs it in two fierce gulp . lenny you be lucky , Max . max yup . so darn lucky . I wake up with a .22 - short float in my brainpan , and a cop pension I can not live off of . good thing I be not any luckier . Bobby ! another shooter right here ! Bobby pour for Max . max you see faith lately ? lenny react visibly to the name , he whole demeanor sagging . lenny naw . she will not call I . max just as well , lenny . you gotta get past it . I mean sure , faith be by far the most outstanding woman a guy like you could ever hope to get , I mean it 's completely and deeply humiliate that she 's go , but it 's over , campadre . lenny thanks , Max . I be touch by you concern . CUT to : Iris , work she way from the front door , stay on the fringe of the crowd , wary , move toward Max and lenny at the bar . max I just hate to see you pine away . it make I want to vomit , frankly . ( philosophically ) Broken heart be for asshole . lenny ( see Iris ) hey , Iris , you okay ? Iris lenny , I get to talk to you , it 's serious ... max ( look at she face ) what happen , honey , some john get rough on you ? Iris ( to lenny ) I mean talk private . please , I be in trouble , and so be faith . max ( as lenny react to the name ) there it be , the magic fuckin ' word . lenny take Iris by the arm and pull she away from the bar . Iris can we go to you car ? there 's something you have to see right away . he nod and steer she toward the front door of the coral Lounge . lenny what 's go on ? CUT to : ext . coral lounge / parking lot - night lenny and Iris come out the front door . Iris it 's a bad situation ... if they get I I know they be go to -- oh shit ! she bridle like a startle horse . lenny look at what she see : a red beam , sweeping the parking lot . must be the cop . he turn back ... she 's go . what the hell ? he look back at the red light ... and edge around the corner to see what the cop be up to ... it 's not a cop car . it 's a tow -truck , with lenny 's BMW on the hook . lenny run to the tow driver , who look like a biker only meaner . lenny hang on , that 's my car -- tow driver not anymore . belong to the bank . lenny hey wait a second ... ignoring he , the driver have start the hydraulic lift , and lenny make the mistake of grab he beefy arm . the guy whip around , put the muzzle of a .38 in lenny 's face . lenny oh , yeah , that 's the answer ! two million year of human evolution and that 's the best idea you can come up with ? ( driver continue with the hoist ) okay . look , whattya get to repo a car ? two hundred ? two fifty ? I will pay you three fifty , right now . all you gotta do be drop it off the hook and say you come by , you mark be not here . simple . make a few buck . do a good deed . huh ? driver you get the cash on you ? lenny I be go to write you a check , if that 's -- the guy be get into he truck . lenny okay , okay , I totally respect that call . I would want cash . they will take my check inside ... I can see you be press for time , just give I two minute ... here keep my watch for collateral . he hand the guy he watch . lenny it 's a rolex . be right back . two minute . lenny get to the front door of the coral Lounge , turn just in time to see the tow-truck pull out . lenny run after he car , yell , watch it recede . lenny Son of a bitch ! lenny walk back to the bar . he set he haliburton up on the truck of a car and pop it open . he take out a tiny digital cellular phone and dial a number . while it 's ringing he take another , identical rolex knock - off out of the briefcase and slip it on . CUT to : int . car - night a hand pull a ringing cellular out of a black jacket . follow the hand and phone to the face of a black woman . lornette " mace " mason . late twenty . strike feature . Hair pull back tight to she skull . she be drive , but we do not see the car , or anything but she face . mace hello ? hey lenny , whatup ? ( listen a beat ; then ) uh huh . uh huh. sure . so what happen to you car this time ? CUT to : ext . coral lounge - night a black limo pull into the lot . it be a Continental armored stretch , downsize from today 's standard . the door open and mace get out . she be compactly build , dress in black slack , a conservative black jacket , heavy rubber - sole shoe . she glance around as she head for the coral Lounge entrance , the unconscious sweeping gaze of a security professional . CUT to : int . coral lounge mace scope the room quickly , professionally , then head for the bar . on Max and lenny at the bar . max see , if you pack you piece you could have make the guy see sense . lenny uh unh , carry a gun wreck the line of a fine jacket . max a ex- cop that do not carry . it 's embarrassing . I oughta not be see with you . ( as she slip up behind they ) hey , mace . what 's goin ' on ? she plant herself between Max and lenny and take a generous handful of they nacho . mace greeting , gent . ( to lenny ) so let 's hear this week 's sad story . lenny they jerk my wheel , d' you believe it ? I mean it 's outrageous , the computer error the bank be make lately . have you notice ? mace and Max exchange a weary look . mace no . I have not notice because I make my payment . so , Max pelcher , how 's the p.i. business ? max sucks. ( attention catch by tv ) hey , Bobby , turn that up . the bartender obey : it 's more news about the jeriko one kill . there 's file footage of jeriko and he band , the prophet of rage ; interview with a lot of furious fan , mostly black inner city kid ; and a news clip of jeriko at a outdoor rally , exhort the crowd with near religious fervor : jeriko one ( on t.v. ) the lapd be a military force turn against its own people . we live in a police state ! the mayor and the city council sit up in they office with they social program that do not work ... they be rearranging deck chair on the Titanic . but the new day be come ! two - k be come ! the day of reckoning be upon we . History end and begin again right here ! right now ! Max raise a glass in salute to the tv screen . max to the end of all thing ! ( slug down the shot ) you know how I know it 's the end of the world ? because everything 's be do , every kind of music 's be try , every government 's be try , every fuckin ' hairstyle . how you gonna make it another thousand year , for chrissake ? on the tv , clip of jeriko 's speech have be replace by a interview with jeriko one 's manager . tran vo . tran be vietnamese , and around lenny 's age . he 's angular , suave , cool as a early frost . dial in . lenny see he face on the screen like a personal nightmare . max I be tell ya , it 's over . we use it all up -- lenny ( rivete to the tv ) shutup a second ! mace hey , be not that tran Vo ? max yup . he be jeriko 's manager . ( to screen ) bummer , tran ! lose you golden goose . could not happen to a nicer guy . mace but I mean be not he faith 's new -- ( she mouth the word " boyfriend " ) max sssssh ! not in front of lenny . you may trigger a maudlin display which will force we to tranquilize he . on the screen , tran be be jostle as he walk , answer the reporter question in a glare of minicam light . reporter the lapd have say they believe this be a gang-relate incident . can you comment on that , Mr. Vo ? tran we have no fact yet . all we know for sure be that we have lose a great artist , that a great voice for change be now silent ... lenny , scowling , push away from the bar . mace go with he . lenny thanks for give I a ride . I just have a few stop , mostly on the west side -- mace whoa , whoa , whoa . I say I would drop you home , but I be not take you on you sleazoid round . I have already pull twelve hour today . lenny ( upbeat again ) come on , mace . this be gonna be a big night . can not you feel it ? the energy in the air ? there 's money to be make , dream to sell . mace sleaze to pedal . lenny just a couple of hour . it will be fun -- mace Excuse I . what part of no do not you understand ? lenny mace , you be my friend . I need you . plus I will give you 25 % of what I make tonight . mace lenny , this may be a hard concept for you , but friend do not have to pay they friend . lenny start to whine like a puppy . mace give up . mace jeez , you be pathetic . okay , I get a pickup at the St. James . I will take you there , you can get a cab . lenny ( a arm around she like a buddy ) mace ! you be a life-saver . mace ( resign ) driving Mr. lenny . CUT to : int . limo - night as lenny and mace cruise the night street , pass the ongoing pageant of cop and decay . mace glance at lenny , sit next to she in front , and at he omnipresent haliburton . mace so , what 's up with you ? another busy night sell porno to wirehead ? lenny no , wrong ... I sell experience . sex be only part of it . mace buncha techno- perv jerkoff . lenny Way I look at it , I actually perform a humanitarian service . I save life . mace uh huh , I wanna hear this part . lenny okay , take some executive ... bored with he life , bored with he wife ... he pick up a hooker or some girl at a bar . then he go around for month , tear up worry that he 's get aids , that he will infect he wife . and maybe he really do catch something -- mace price he pay for be a scumsuck pig . lenny everybody need to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometime , it 's what we be . but now the risk be outa line . the street be a war zone . and sex can kill you . so you slip on the trode , you get what you need and it keep you from jump you track . mace lenny , this shit 's illegal . lenny define illegal . mace I bail you sorry pale ass out of jail twice in the last six month . lenny ( kid ) yeah , but that be for love . mace define love . CUT to : ext . ST . jame club - night mace 's limo wheel up to the hotel on the strip . a soberly - dress japanese executive be wait next to the doorman . inside the car , mace spot he and scowl . mace dammit , lenny , you make I late . lenny open the door before the car stop . lenny what 's he name ? mace fumitsu . lenny Mr. fumitsu , good evening sir , Leonard nero , Security Express . lornette mason here be just complete we routine driver evaluation . we do it to make sure that out VIP client , such as yourself , be always treat as honore guest . I just need to ride up front and take some note , if you do not mind . fumitsu nod politely and lenny open the car door for he . lenny jog around behind the car to the front passenger door . mace um , excuse I . ( can not stand to say it ) sir. Excuse I . Mr. nero . she walk calmly to he . mace ( hiss through she tooth ) what the fuck be you do ? lenny ( win smile , innocent ) come with you . mace you will not live to see the morning . CUT to : ext . hancock park house - night as the limo stop at a elegant home in this top-buck , old - line residential area . there be a loud party in progress , with a couple of hundred guest spread through the house and backyard . mace scowl deeply as lenny get out of the car and start into the party with Mr. fumitsu . they be laugh uproariously and get along like old friend . CUT to : ext . hancock park house - night mace , have a cigarette with other security driver , watch lenny through the tall window of the old Spanish house . she see he work the room , rub up against the money , networking . no dialogue . a pantomime of lenny work he prime turf . she stare at he for a while , then look at she watch . sigh . CUT to : ext . / int . hancock park house / garden - night ... as a tall , stern figure suddenly slide into lenny 's path , a top cop name palmer strickland . strickland nero . lenny ( uh - oh ) strickland . strickland commissioner strickland . lenny sure . whatever . see , since you shitcan my career , I do not even have to call you sir . one of life 's small pleasure . strickland be not you peddle you ware a little far from you usual gutter ? lenny I be invite here by a close friend , Mr. fumitsu , see he 's right over there . lenny wave . fumitsu wave back from across the room . strickland I do not like disappointment , nero . and do you know what disappoint I very much ? lenny you sex life ? strickland you existence . CUT to : ext . hancock park house - night mace sit in she limo , talk on the cellular . mace now listen to I ... you have to get to bed young man . I mean it . no watch " tale from the crypt " . I do not care what cecile say . I will see you in the morning , baby . night , night . as she hang up , she glance out the window in time to see ... lenny fly over a hedge . he land on the sidewalk , then scramble up and brushes himself off as two security type loom toward he . he adjust he wardrobe and walk with dignity ( but quickly ) toward the car . mace be we have a bad night ? lenny ( glance back ) let 's talk in the car . CUT to : int . / ext . mace' limo - night as mace pull out , lenny start fitting a pair of playback trode to he head . mace glance at he in disgust . he hit he playback button . lenny 's Pov as he talk to faith . back when thing be good . he 's wiring she . they be playful , like a couple of kid . faith I feel like you be turn I into a vcr . lenny I just want to see what we be like together through you eye . he turn off the record button . static . then tape restart . we see the two of they stand together , reflect in a mirror . we be faith now . faith I do not feel anything . be it on ? lenny forget it 's there . faith make I forget it , baby . he turn she to he . they begin to make love . faith 's face fill we field of view , eye close in dreamy passion . a sudden flash of light . lenny open he eye to see ... mace 's glow countenance . she have stop the car , tear the trode from lenny 's head and toss they out the window . now she 's yanking he out of the car by he lapel . lenny hey , careful on the jacket . this be armani . ( he look at she ) you angry ? mace I have have enough of this shit . ( get back into the car ) you be on foot , lenny . lenny in LA ? be you crazy ? mace start to peel out , but lenny leap and plaster himself on the hood . mace pretend she do not see he . lenny ( as they drive along ) can I come in please ? I be have a hard time hearing the stereo . mace jam on the brake and lenny slide off in front of the car . now she start to move forward ... lenny I need my case . it 's still in the back . mace get it . he quickly move around the car and climb in the back door . lenny grab he haliburton but instead of get out , he lean through the divider window , next to mace . lenny listen , can we talk a little bit here , like two rational adult ? mace hit a button on the dash . the privacy divider rise suddenly , pin lenny to the ceiling . lenny that would be no . mace I have have it . no more wirehead shit in my car . you understand ? you want to poach you lobe , do it somewhere else . lenny okay , you get my attention , but this be cut off the circulation to my head , here . d' you mind ? she lower the divider , release he . lenny straighten he jacket and tie . run a hand through he greasy hair . lenny I think we be friend . mace no , see a friend be more than one person constantly do favor for another . you just suck people along with you scheme and you scam and you slick act . well I be out . I get a kid , I get rent , I get a ex - husband someplace who do not send I a dime of support ... I be just try to hold on here . lenny so be i. just try to get by . mace no , you be just try to get off . lenny macey ... I have never see you like this . mace lenny , you be turn into some kinda squid-head low-life . you be always break , you just go from one score to the next . and you be get strung out ... you do not even see it . get high on you own supply like some crack dealer . lenny I know you would not be say all this if you do not care about I . thanks , mace . really . mace look , I gotta get some sleep . lenny you still like I , do not you ? we be still buddy ? she hate it that she can not resist he pathetic charm . mace ( a tiny smile ) yeah . I do not see a way out of it . lenny macey , I know you be tired , but can you drop I at the retinal fetish ? it 's on you way . mace Jesus , lenny . lenny begging ? groveling ? any pathetic behavior at all ? will that help ? faith 's there tonight , and I have get to talk to she . mace sure , lenny . ( she put the car in gear ) the only thing worse than a junkie be someone in love . CUT to : ext . retinal fetish - night as mace pull to a stop in the parking lot and lenny open the door . lenny come on , let I buy you a drink . let 's drink and make up . ( mace shake she head ) alright , I be go to see faith . that mean you can watch I suffer . I will be in agony , you will feel so much better . total and thorough payback , whatdya say ? mace smile , shaking she head in wonder at this madman . CUT to : int . retinal fetish mace accompany lenny into the pound din of the retinal fetish . the place be a fringe hangout , a convert schmata factory transformed into a warren of dark room and corridor off the main dance floor . a thunder labyrinth . steel cage - like partition of chain - link give the place a harsh , concentration - camp atmosphere . the music be a bass tech - thump , and the clientele be young and on the rough side . cybergrunge . there be many large video screen run a continuous montage of wild graphic and image ... a flurry of disturbing video : MTV baptize by William burrough . the fetish be a street - tech hangout , a meeting place for a lot of digital - underground type that lenny know . you can buy and sell what you want here : illicit hardware and software , as well as chemical for the wetware ( brain ) . lenny and mace be greet inside by two suite guy with metal detector . they barely notice as they be scan : it 's routine there day . mace show she gun , a sig saur 'mm , and she state carry - permit . the security guy check she pistol like a coat , give she a claim check . through the crowd in the lounge lenny 's eye go immediately to one table . it seem to be in a pool of light all it 's own ; or maybe this be just in lenny 's mind . slow motion : lenny watch a man at the table hold court , with a beautiful young woman sit next to he . it be tran vo . he 's a mover and shaker in the record business : he produce , he manage , he try to keep everyone in he orbit . the woman be faith justin . we recognize she from playback as lenny 's ex-girlfriend . but now she hair have be dyed jet black and frame she face in a wild tangle . she be wear as expensive custom leather jacket over a sheer silk top . she have on too much make - up , which give she feature a feral - doll quality . faith look like what she be , a rock star wannabe . but the look be red-hot . tran look around the room . his eye miss nothing . and show nothing . his hand -- unhurry , graceful , remarkable -- brushes past faith 's cheek , barely touch she . his finger pick up a strand of hair , tuck it like a treasure behind she ear ... finger touch she head now ... a moment of suspend time . ... and she tremble . just a little . for a second . tran and faith be flanke on either side by a entourage consist of music type , various hanger on , and tran 's personal security force of four : joey corto , a whippet - thin skinhead ; duncan , a none-too- bright armbreaker in the classic mold ; a massively build ex - jock type call WADE beemer ; and a sixteen year old asian stone fox , cindy minh , aka ' vita ' , possibly the most lethal of the four . lenny who 's the new side of beef in tran 's posse ? mace guy name Wade beemer . use to be a run back for the Rams in ' 96 and ' 97 . lenny Rams ... that 's football , right ? he can not take he eye off faith . mace scowl at the tableau and pull lenny toward the bar . mace forget she . lenny she still love I . mace she think you be a bucket of dog vomit . trust I on this . lenny she 's my destiny . mace destiny ? you live in a perfume commercial ? she 's a hard - climber that drop you like a use tampon when she get a better ride . lenny you will see . mace give up , shake she head and lenny plunge into the crowd ... toward faith . several patron greet he , just as in the coral Lounge , but uncharacteristically , lenny virtually ignore they . approach the main table now . ringside . tran see he ; no reaction . now faith see he : she reaction 's a little tougher to read . piss off , maybe , or just tense . tran 's security force have see lenny come . but they stay casual . lenny do not break stride . it 's like a game of chicken without car . beemer stand , cover lenny with he shadow . vita look up at lenny with cobra eye . tran give he a glance ; royalty amused by lenny 's presumption . tran you come to pedal I some tape , lenny ? for old time 's sake ? make a couple buck for the holiday ? lenny you be not a client anymore , tran . I would not sell you the sweat off a dead dog 's ball . tran ( glance at faith , back at lenny ) I already get everything I need from you . faith cut it out , tran . lenny too bad about you guy jeriko . tough break . tran show a little respect , nero . the man be a important artist . lenny yeah , important for you label . which no doubt be why you be in mourn . do not worry , he record will sell out now he 's dead . you will make out . tran I always do . lenny faith , can I talk to you a second ? faith I do not think that 's a good idea , lenny . lenny I just get to talk to you for one second . tran about what ? lenny that would be between I and faith , would not it ? tran take one of he beautiful hand and pass it slowly in the general area between he table and lenny . tran I do not feel anything between you . see , you trouble be you assume too much , lenny . you assume there 's something where there 's nothing . you assume you have a life . but you be only hustling piece of other life on tape , and break part of you own . faith glance at tran , then cut she eye to lenny . faith ( icy ) we have nothing to talk about , lenny . tran joey , make sure Mr. nero get safely to he car . joey smirk , glance at beemer who rise like a wall . lenny faith , call I , okay ? faith no , lenny . Wade get lenny in a wrist - grip come along hold and start he move . she look at he -- slowly , gaze unwaver . as beemer usher lenny through the crowd , tick greet he come the other way . lenny tick , listen , I can not stop right now . but I will call you tomorrow about that thing we be talk about . he 's work the room even as he 's get drag outside . tran lenny the loser . panhandler of steal dream . faith leave he alone , tran . tran he 's no concern of mine , as long as you do not talk to he . do not talk to anybody . you understand ? not with everything that 's go on right now . faith you be too goddamn paranoid . tran paranoia 's only reality on a finer scale . CUT to : ext . retinal fetish beemer deposit lenny on the curb and go back inside . a SMALL crowd of people enter the club . lenny brushes off he jacket , fall into step at the rear of the enter crowd . CUT to : int . retinal fetish lenny climb to a landing overlook the dance floor . through chain link he see a swirl of activity below . and one face , look up at he . kind of casual . lenny clock the guy : cop instinct come out . decide he do not know he . but we do . it 's spreg . lenny walk on , cross to a door , and enter ... CUT to : int . vj booth / retinal fetish a tiny room overlook the dance floor . cramme with electronic gear , at the center of which be tex arcana , whipping from one deck to another , hand fly . he 's in a wheelchair , which pivot nimbly , manage to high - five lenny as he walk in . lenny so , that rascal still have not grow back yet , huh ? tex ( peer under the blanket on he lap ) nope. guess not . any day now , though . lenny ( hand tex a squid ) present . something I have make . let I know what you think . tex hey , alright . get something here for you , too . ( pass he a envelope ) it just show up tonight , do not know who leave it . lenny fan mail from some flounder ? lenny look at the envelope , which have " nero " hand - print in block letter . tex take a pull from a flask as he take a squid-deck out of a drawer and stick the tape in . he put on the headset and push play . in Pov we be on a beach . early morning . we be run flat out , with the wind . look down ... we be barefoot on the wet sand . foam water race up the sand and break around we strong male leg . look up again , to see we run companion ... a beautiful lithe woman in short and T-shirt . she laugh and we speed up . a exquisite moment of pure life force . tight on tex's face ... as a tear leak from the corner of he eye . he be smile like he be listen to beautiful music . we see the quiet magnificence of lenny 's gift . tex open he eye . look for lenny to say thanks : but lenny 's go . not a guy to hang around for thanks - yous . CUT to : int . retinal fetish as lenny come down the stair from the vj booth , tear open the envelope . a unmark squid tape fall into he hand . the house light dim and the stage light come up . and faith be stand there . like she beam in . she be wear a revealing leather outfit , show a lot of she milk - white skin . her black hair frame she eye , give she a intense feral look . faith start to sing . beautiful , unearthly , clear note . suddenly the band kick down with a wall of thunder sound . faith explode into motion . her body convulse like a 440 volt mainline be hook up to she . her voice become a scream , a inchoate wail , a police siren . the pain and rage of a entire , hell - bent torment planet on its eve of judgment . lose in the song , faith have find herself . she wheel across the stage , slashing she head up and down so that she hair burst in the strobe- flash like flak . a techno-erotic pagan . a force of nature . lenny be mesmerize . he have see this before , many time . but it always have the same effect on he . he be transport into another world by she , a world in which there be only the two of they . tight on mace , eye on the stage ... a big piece of the puzzle suddenly fit . she 's never see faith perform before . Holy shit . faith do not play to the audience , or engage they in any way . she be merely take what 's in she head and let it out . she do not care if they be there or not . now shriek into the silence after a climatic downbeat , and hold the note ... hold it longer than you believe she possibly could . then nothing . when it be over she just drop the microphone and walk away . fuck you . CUT to : int . retinal fetish / backstage &amp ; dressing room at backstage , lenny wend he way through the warren of corridor ... past dim room full of wire junky and playback freak , all trap into squid nirvana : post - modern opium dens . sinister and scary . he glimpsis faith , go into she dress room . he hurry ... ... but she do not even look around when he reflection appear in the crack mirror above the crummy vanity table . she be drench with sweat . spend . chugge a beer . this be the first time they have be alone together in real - time for month . pain and the memory of joy . lenny hi , baby . I have miss you . faith I know . lenny , if tran find you talk to I he will hurt you . lenny I be already hurt . she do not turn . just watch he in the mirror . most of the scene play this way . it be a cold parody of they love- make playback . faith you have to go . I mean it . lenny yeah , ok , whatever you say . just answer one question . be anything wrong ? Iris say you might be in trouble . faith ( startle , turn to he ) you talk to Iris ? when ? lenny tonight . faith well I have not see she in month . who know what 's go on in she head . you be really run out of excuse to come around , be not you ? lenny I know you faith . you be afraid of something . what 's go on ? faith let it alone , lenny . it will take care of itself . lenny it 's tran , be not it ? this guy be poison , faith . listen to I . he 's get you wall in on all side . and he use the wire too much , he get off on tape , not on you . faith that 's a good one , come from you . lenny why do not you just split ? you do not love he , anybody can see that . and to he you be just some kinda possession , like a Ferrari , something to show the other guy . faith he have he use too . lenny what ? he gonna record you on he label ? faith maybe . lenny come on , faith ! he 's just toy with you . and when he get bored , you will be yesterday 's papers . lenny be right behind she now . he put he hand on she shoulder , tenderly . lenny look , baby , I have watch you create yourself out of nothing . you be like a goddamn cruise missile , target on make it . and you will . faith damn right . lenny it 's you up on that stage , not he . you do not need he . she shrug away from he touch . cold again . faith you have to get out of here . if tran catch you he will ... he 's act crazy . he 's do way too much playback and he 's get completely paranoid . he 's such a control freak , he 's even pay Max to follow I around . lenny Max pelcher ? you be kid ? faith yeah , for about a month now . lenny , just stay away from tran , okay ? and stay away from I . stop try to rescue I . that day be over . I be a big girl now . stop try to save I , okay , because I do not need save ... just ... give up on I . lenny can not do it . faith you know one of the way movie still have squid beat ? because they always say " the end . " you always know when it 's over . it 's over ! now please leave . I have to go on again in a couple of minute . she look at he and , after a moment , he nod and leave . as the door close behind he , faith toss she towel on the table . she look frighten and alone . faith Hell . CUT to : int . retinal fetish / corridor and MAIN floor turn a corner from the dress room into the corridor , lenny run into Max . lenny shoulda tell I about you new gig , buddy . max I be gonna tell ya . hey , it 's just a job . I feel like shit about it . lenny you should feel like shit . max I figure , what the hell , I could take the prick 's money and make sure faith be ok at the same time . do we both good . right ? lenny fairly twisted logic , Max , even for you . ( already over it ) hey , at least you get a job ! ( slap he on the back ) watch she for I . stay on she . max I be on she . lenny climb the stair to the MAIN floor , push he way through the crowd . vita , watch the backstage area lean over to tran , whisper in he ear . tran make a sign to beemer , and he stand to go after lenny . mace , at the bar , see the tran -vita - beemer action , look around for lenny . can not find he . but figure there 's get to be only one reason beemer 's on the prowl : he 's look for lenny . she whip out she cellular . CUT to : beemer , grab lenny in a painful come - along hold and hustling he toward the back of the club . lenny 's cellular ring . lenny can I get that ? he reach for he cellular , connect with ... mace , over by the bar . mace hey lenny , where the hell be you , I think tran 's get beemer look for you . back to : lenny , as he 's hustle out the rear door . lenny thanks for the tip . CUT to : ext . alley / retinal fetish - night beemer shove lenny into the alley and shut the door behind he . lenny I recognize you . you be Wade beemer . running back for the Rams , be I right ? beemer , who be about to go to work on lenny , pause . beemer yeah , that 's right . lenny I see you play , man . you be good . like a fuck freight train I remember say . so what happen , injury or what ? beemer bullshit politics . lenny it 's always politics . like this thing we be in here , he 's pay you to tune I up , right ? but I could pay you more not to . see what I mean ? I could write you a check right now -- beemer come on , let 's go , I get to get back . lenny ( pull money out of he pocket ) okay cash ! logical . here 's everything I have on I , what do you say ? how about a rolex ? beemer ( barely a glance at it ) I already get a real one . come on , it will not be too bad . it 's not personal . lenny ( take off the armani carefully ) just not the eye . beemer swing . CUT to : ext . parking lot / retinal fetish - night as lenny approach the car , move painfully , dabbing at a bloody nose . mace look at he pityingly . lenny they oughta get some light back there . a person could get kill slip on that stair . let 's go . CUT to : a eerie night vision shot of mace and lenny get into the limo . then we see : spreg and engelman , the two street hun cop . watch . CUT to : int . mace' limo lenny slump in the back seat . mace you be some piece of work , you know that . just calmly backstroke around in the big toilet bowl , and somehow you never let it touch you . I mean , between vice and this so - call occupation you be in now , you must have see it all . lenny I have crawle through the gutter ... through every wrinkle in the human brain . mace what I be say . but you still come out this goofball romantic . lenny it be my sword and my shield , macey . lenny find the anonymous tape in he pocket . he look a it , puzzle . mace what 's that ? present from faith ? lenny no idea . he open he briefcase , pop the tape into the deck , put the squid rig on and close he eye . maybe he can forget about faith a minute . he punch play . Pov sequence : the first thing we notice be that the Pov be distort visually . the color be de-saturate . almost black and white . yet the detail be crisp and clear , almost hyper-real . we be walking down a windowless hallway at a large hotel . a apparently endless row of door . the wearer 's glance go to the number on the door from time to time . we come to a particular door . there be a do not disturb sign on the door . the wearer move to the room next door . look both way . the corridor be empty . lenny it 's a test pattern so far . " we " hand appear , quickly pull on latex surgical glove . they look like male hand . the snap of the rubber be the only sound in the corridor . the Pov hunch down to the lock and we see the hand go to work with lock - pick tool . several second and the lock be very professionally pick . lenny alright , a little b&amp ; E action . we enter the dark room , which be vacant . the drape be open and we see city light . it be night . one glove hand pick up the guest directory and look at it in the moonlight come in the window : the sunset sheraton . the wearer drop the directory and the hand reappear hold ... a black ski-mask . he pull it on , leave the subsequent Pov see through the eye-hole of the mask . the wearer now look into a mirror on the dresser . he have avoid he reflection up until now . we see a man , dress in a jogging suit and black fanny - pack , and of course the ski-mask . totally anonymous . lenny hey , get good . solid suspense build . the wearer cross to the balcony door . open it quietly and go outside , move to the wall divide this room 's balcony from the one next door . the wearer climb the railing and , six storey above the pavement , slip around the wall , step down onto the other balcony . we hug the wall , look furtively into the room . it be a suite . in the live room we see a woman make herself a drink at the mini-bar . she turn ... it be Iris . she be wear a T-shirt and panty . probably ready for bed . she look like she can not sleep . pour the scotch shakily . CUT to lenny , the streetlight wash across he face . he get suddenly serious with a flash of premonitory dread . in Pov we see Iris go into the bedroom , out of sight . we can hear the television on in there . use a steel jimmy the wearer slip the latch on the balcony slider and silently open it , slip inside . we stalk quietly to the bedroom door , listen to she movement . Water run in the bathroom . we come around the door frame . bedroom dark , bath in tv glow . Iris in the bathroom , wash she face with cold water . we move toward she . cross the room as she reach for a towel . we be now only a couple of foot away . she come out of the bathroom , walk right past we , drying she face . she lower the towel , turn away ... she eye whip back . widen in terror . she react with surprising speed , diving across the bed . we go after she . her hand go under the pillow and come out with a small automatic . she whip it around toward we but we grab it and twist it away before she can fire . she smashes the palm of she hand into we face and roll off the bed , lightning - fast . we follow she as she scramble up , run through the bedroom door . across the live room and down the short hall to the front door . close rapidly on she as she somehow get the chain off the door and get out into the hall . slam ! we tackle she against the far wall of the corridor . we right hand come into view hold a small electric stunner . zap ! we nail she right in the back between the shoulder blade . she sag to the floor , gasp . we zap she again . the wearer 's glance do a 180 both way down the corridor ... nobody in sight . we clamp we hand over Iris ' mouth and drag she back into she room , lock the door . on lenny , reacting . go white . mace what be it ? lenny go to the sunset Sheraton . right now ! just go ! go ! lenny go back under the wire , see ... we be dragging a semiconscious Iris into the bathroom ... prop she up with she back against the white tile wall ... grab she hand and handcuff they one by one to the steel towel rack above she . she be moan . and cry . Iris ( voice distort ) I have not see you face ... I have not hear you voice ... you can still let I go ... zap ! the wearer hit she with the stunner again . she jerk and gasp for breath . we see we latex - glove finger come up in front of we and hear ssshhh . move quickly now . we hand unbuckle the fanny pack . pull out something ... a set of playback trode . we hand place they on she head . she stare uncomprehend . what ? we catch a glimpse of some electronics stuff inside the pack ... a record deck , some wire , a small metal box . lenny Holy shit . he 's jack she in to he own output . she 's see what he 's see . she 's see herself . Iris can now see herself as the wearer see she ... wide - eye with terror , white - lipped , weep . helpless . and she can feel what he feel . the wearer 's hand go back into the fanny - pack and pull out something else . a black athletic headband . we slip it over she head , down over she eye . a blindfold . now she can only see what the wearer see . and also from the bag we pull ... a yellow plastic object . with we thumb we extend the five inch blade of the razor knife , the type with tip that can be break off by segment when they get dull . it extend with a ominous click sound . we lower it toward she and cut up the middle of she T - shirt , lay it open . expose she torso . we then look down and slide the knife under the side band of she panty , slice they off . we put the knife up to she throat , and she whimper , afraid to cry out , and then we draw the flat side of the blade across she body as if to tease she with the prospect of she death . mace look at lenny' expression of dawn horror and pull the car to the curb about a half - block from the sunset Sheraton . lenny be hyperventilate , shifting in he seat as if ant be crawl over he . he be experience the stalker 's exhilaration . in Pov we see the wearer pull he jogging pants down below he knee ( R - rate please ) and reach for Iris . kneel in front of she , he push she leg apart and pull she hip forward onto he , push into she . Iris be feel and see what he see and feel ... she feel she own pain and humiliation swirl with the killer 's exhilaration . on lenny , sweat and barely able to breath . mace stop the tape ... concerned by lenny 's reaction . he open he eye ... mace see the fear there , of what the tape may reveal . but he shake he head . he have to know . he push she hand away and punch play . it flood into he head again . the sweaty , grunt horror . the stalker pick up she slit T-shirt and quickly wrap it around she neck . he knot it tight and twist one powerful hand into the knot . the muscle in he forearm look like cable as he turn the knot tighter . the stalker viciously twist the knot a full turn and the T-shirt fabric almost disappear into the skin under she jaw . via she trode , Iris watch herself die . her death come at the moment of he orgasm which be feed to she ... blast off the planet on total overload ... terror , pain , death merge with ecstasy and exultation at the same instant . on lenny , cry out and grab for the trode , but he just hold onto they , as if they be suck he brain out of he skull . lenny ( like a mantra ) on my God . oh my god. back to Pov , a glimpse of the wearer 's hand relax the knot . Iris ' head loll . her mouth be slack and open . we remove she blindfold . her eye be half - lidd . very dead look . we finger gently push they wide open . back to lenny , look like he have be gut kick . he gasp for breath . to Pov , as the killer 's hand calmly move Iris ' head from side to side ... study she dead face . her stare eye . he lean very close to she and stare into one dead eye , the pupil wide , see nothing . a burst of static . end of tape . lenny open he eye . he fumble open the car door and practically roll out onto the sidewalk . the trode pull off he head as he lurch up , reeling across the sidewalk to a darken storefront where he lean for support . he double over and heave up the content of he stomach . mace circle around the car and catch he as he sag to he knee . she hold he shoulder while he throw up again . mace my God , lenny . what be it ? lenny Black . Jack . mace blackjack ? I do not understand -- lenny snuff clip . it be Iris . she say she need my help and I ... aw Jesus , mace ... the sick fucker kill she . mace be you sure it 's real ? lenny look up , in the direction of the hotel . mace follow he glance . they notice for the first time : cop light ; cop car ; ambulance ; coroner 's wagon . close on Iris ' body , in a bag , be load into the coroner 's van . CUT to : ext . parking lot / dim sum joint / little tokyo - night neon reflection on the roof of mace 's limo as it pull into the lot and slide up to Max 's car . Max be sit in the open door , foot on the pavement , eat dumpling from a take - out carton . he look up as lenny and mace get out of the limo . see they expression . max ohhhh shit . time CUT : lenny , sit on the hood of mace 's lincoln , have he head propped in he hand . his eye be distant ... replaying . still shocked to he soul . mace pace nearby . Max sit in the open door of he car ten foot away , trode on , play back the tape . his face be transformed into a ashen mask light by neon ... mouth open in shock . with shaky hand he stop the deck . open he eye . Long beat . he glance down at the dim - sum carton in he hand . max well ... I have lose my appetite . ( loft it into a nearby dumpster ) for about a year . he get to he foot , offer the deck and trode to mace . mace no way . Max pull a hip -flask full of tequila from he army jacket and take a eye-water pull . offer it to lenny , who follow suit . max you alright ? y'okay ? lenny yeah . no , not really . max let 's work it . lenny not now ... I do not want to think about it -- max come on , lenny . you use to be good at this stuff . play it down . what 's the perp do ? lenny he stalk she . he rape she . then he do she ... max and he record it . thrill kill . want to see it again . and again . lenny he record himself raping and kill she -- max but at the same time he 's send the signal to she -- lenny so she feel ... what he feel ... while he 's in she . the thrill while he 's kill she ... be send to she , heighten she fear ... which in turn heighten the turn on for he . ( turn to he ) I have see a lot , Max . max so have i. too much . lenny but this be a bad one . max top ten . lenny he make she see she own death , feed off the reaction ... killer and victim merge ... orgasm and agony merge . and he record it all . mace and give it to you . lenny want to share . max that 's right . he want to share . need a audience . this be one sick puppy . lenny why I ? mace be hugging herself . edgy and tense . mace Cause you be the man , right ? the Magic man . if it 's get something to do with the wire , sooner or later it wash up on you beach . lenny I have never deal in black -jack . never . everybody know that . max he 's skull - fuck you , bud . try to get a reaction . maybe push you to do something . mace maybe he just figure lenny will appreciate what he 's create . it 's the dark end of the street , lenny . how do you like it now ? lenny Jesus , mace . back off . mace this guy be someone you know , one of you squid-head contact . max Problem be , lenny know everybody . mace take the tape to the cop . lenny uh unh . no way ! they would crucify I . mace so some psycho wire - freak get to keep run around -- max naw , he 's right . they will figure lenny 's the perp , or go through he client list , ruin he life ... such as it be . look , I will call the guy in homicide ... tell they she be a friend of mine and they will keep I in the loop . get I the forensics and all that . ( he open he car door ) get some sleep . I will call you when I get something . ( he start he car ) and lenny ... I would keep move if I be you . CUT to : int . elevator and tran's loft the elevator be huge -- big enough for a truck -- and lenny seem small in the huge space , while shadow crawl across he body as the old machinery pull he up toward ... faith , in the loft above . she look into the vast bedroom ... ... at tran sit in a chair , trance out under playback trode , he eye close . she softly close the slide door and walk across the cavernous main room . the place be light by the flicker reflection from a series of huge television screen along both wall . otherwise there be little light . the cavernous loft be sparsely but very expensively furnish . haute -tech design . total contrast to lenny 's ratty dig . lenny' Pov through the cage - door of the elevator as it reach the loft and faith be reveal , wait for he in the shadow . he slide open the cage - door and she move quickly to he . faith ( whisper , furtive ) you be crazier than I think , lenny . come here ... tran 's just in there . lenny Iris be dead . she be murder . faith stiffen . we see the fear , now , expose . faith who do it ? lenny do not know . but this guy 's real damage goods . Iris know someone be after she ... and she say you be in danger too . ( he grab she shoulder ) now no more game , faith . whatever you be hide , whatever 's go on , you have to get out of here now . come with I right now . do not even think about it . faith then what ? then what , lenny ?! you go to protect I ? Big tough guy . you be a talker , lenny . you do not even have a gun . lenny ( hurt ) I have a gun . it 's under my bed . faith you do not know what you be fuck with here . lenny tell I . a voice from the shadow , like the whisper of a blade in the air . tran go ahead , faith . tell he . tran step forward , totally at ease with the situation . out of the shadow behind he step joey corto , Duncan and vita Minh . faith look , tran ... lenny just come by to give I some bad news . a old friend of mine have be murder . you remember Iris ? tran a tragic story , no doubt . ( to lenny ) how would you get up here ? lenny charm . tran ( look at faith ) uh huh . look , nero . I will make you a offer . ( he grab faith by the arm , step closer ) take she . right now . if she want to go , if she 's unhappy here , she can go . I will let she choose . faith always know what she want . ( he turn she loose ) hand off . see ? lenny glance at the open elevator right behind he . so close . she just have to take one step to he ... and they will be out of there . together . lenny it 's alright . he mean it . tran ( to faith ) I do mean it . ( to lenny ) and I mean this ... if faith stay you go away and never come back . you scuttle back into you cockroach hole and never cross my vision again . you understand ? she glare at they both for a long moment . emotion play across she face , complex and unreadable . she step back , take she place at tran 's side . faith I make my choice , lenny . tran ( to lenny , nodd toward the elevator ) you be go down . joey corto and Duncan shove lenny roughly backward into the elevator . corto slam the gate shut and slap a button to lower the lift . the last thing lenny see as he descend be faith 's face , above he . faith I do not love you , lenny . give up . CUT to : int . bedroom area / tran's loft faith be cry as tran come up behind she . faith you say you be go to get she out of this . tran maybe now you appreciate the danger we be in . ( he move very close ) it be touch the way you stand by I in there . " stand by you man " . I be move . you be very good . I do not think he even understand that you do it for he . faith he do not know what 's go on . leave he alone . tran I would love to . but he keep show up . and you keep talk to he . I can not have that -- and he slap she . really hard . deck she . he 's tremble with rage ... and something else . fear . tran the only time a whore should open she mouth be when she 's give head . faith fuck you . tran ( walk away ) maybe later . CUT to : int . elevator / tran's loft the huge elevator , with lenny its sole occupant , descend through the shadow toward the first floor . lenny watch the shadow pattern on the wall through the iron grillwork door . he 's still think about faith ... ... even when the elevator reach the first floor and mace come into view . she 's wait for he . he step forward . but he can not open the grillwork door . and the elevator do not stop . it keep go down . lenny , spook , work the door hard ... as mace disappear from view above he ... ... and the elevator bump to a stop in the basement . with vita and the beef squad wait for lenny , stoney - face . last stop . all out . lenny try to keep the door shut , but Duncan wrench it open . vita grab lenny and twist he arm painfully behind he in one fluid move . they hustle he toward a dank basement room near the elevator . lenny ( speed - rap ) listen , can we be smart here ? I could make it really worth you while ... I could cut you a check for 500 each ... hell , make it a even grand ... I be not say you do not land a couple shot , just go light be all I be say ... here , take my rolex . corto lemme see . a glimmer of hope in lenny 's eye as he whip it off he wrist . corto do not even look at it . get it over he hand about mid-way , then -- use the watch like a pair of brass knuckle -- clobber lenny in the face . watch part go fly as corto step away and Duncan slam lenny up against a column . vita weigh in ... gut - punch lenny savagely . she work he expertly , with a series of painful jab . he sag to he knee . not only be this painful . it 's goddamn humiliate . and Duncan and corto enjoy every second of it . corto we try to find a smaller girl , to beat the shit out of you , lenny ... but it be short notice . vita grab lenny by he hair and pull he up with one rock -hard arm . she be cock back the other arm for a pile-driver punch when ... suddenly a dark shape materialize behind she . mace drive vita head first into the steel column . Duncan lunge in and grab for mace . this be a mistake . mace do not fight fancy . and she do not fight fair . she fight to win . and she be awesomely fast . her move be street move , couple with arm -lock and come - along she have be train to use as a security driver . lenny recover enough to size up vita , who be still a little stunne . she have blood drip in she eye and can not see too well . but she charge he . and -- be the go that he be -- he bust she over the head with a dusty old fold chair . mace drop Duncan about the time vita be hit the ground , leave ... corto , who fumble out a beretta 9 mm and stick it in mace 's face . he snigger , loving the upper hand . mace Safety 's on . and like a jerk , he look . she snap sideways in a headfake and close blindingly fast , twist the gun out of he hand . she continue to twist he wrist brutally and corto go down to one knee , groan . she take he beretta and backhand the barrel hard across he face . mace release he wrist and he crumple in a heap . she and lenny back out the door . then lenny run back in and kick corto in the rib . mace lenny ! mace grab he and pull he out of the room , then slam the metal firedoor behind they , lock it with a piece of junk wedge behind the release bar . CUT to : ext . STREET - night mace and lenny hotfoot it toward the park limo . mace be disassembling the beretta without look at it . she chuck piece over a chain - link fence as they go . lenny brushes himself off , check he jacket for damage . he be high from win the fight . lenny be this great fabric or what ? mace you ever wonder why you get beat up a lot ? lenny never really think about it . CUT to : int . lenny' apartment squid Pov : the killer enter the vacant hotel room , pass the mirror on the dresser . lenny ( v.o. ) come on ... look in the mirror . you know it 's there , you be keep you eye off it , you bastard ... shit ! who be you ? CUT to : lenny , yanking the wire off he head , mace near he . lenny he know what he 's do . he 's wear before ... a lot . mace so that give you something . lenny it give I ... I do not know ... maybe two hundred people who I know wear . as he talk lenny fiddle with some custom electronics gear . the back be off the deck , and he have a ribbon wire connect it to some kind of amplifier black - box which he be use to boost the gain . mace do not crank the gain any more . you be gonna fry yourself . lenny I need to see more ... get more detail . something . I feel he presence , so strong ... mace watch , concerned , as lenny put the trode back on and hit playback . squid pove : strobe-like image of Iris ' rape and death , separate by burst of static ... ... as lenny keep hit the forward and rewind button , search the tape for clue , reacting to the feeling on the tape , try to manage he revulsion ... ... until mace yank the trode off and lenny sag back on the couch . he rub he eye . he be see ghost , afterimage burn into he visual cortex . the room be alive with they , shimmer . mace no more , lenny . lenny yeah . I be ghost pretty bad . lenny see Iris ' terrify face . literally . it float iridescent on he live room wall , fade slowly . lenny she come to I for help . I should have read it better ... I just figure , y'know ... another strung - out hooker have a bad night . mace it 's not you fault . lenny get up , staggering to the kitchen . she go with he . lenny sex killer act alone . so there 's no information on the street , which be how case get make . cop know they will never nail this guy the second they look at the scene . lenny suck down four tylenol with a long pull from a bottle of vodka . lenny and anyway , nobody give a shit about a dead hooker . they be roadkill . requiem for Iris . mace watch lenny rub he eye , wait for the tylenol to hit . lenny see , it 's all about what they see walk in . a dead hooker , handcuffs , penetration ... they will see a trick go wrong . random kill . the kind you never solve . mace but that do not add , do it . lenny no it do not . mace because Iris know somebody be after she . lenny , wound up like a swiss movement , start pace . lenny she say " if they get I " . they . which mean the whole sex - killer thing be a cover , which mean somebody whacked she for a reason . mace so the guy 's not a sicko . lenny if he could do what 's on that tape , he 's a sicko . mace okay , so he 's a freak who think he 's sane pretend to be a freak . the point be , he be a hitter . somebody want to shut she up . but why not just put a little lead in she ear ? lenny because it have to look random . not connect to anything or anyone . ( he seem to run out of energy ) but then why give the rape to I ? mace that 's where it get a little strange . lenny and what about the guy that be follow I ? mace now you be really get paranoid . lenny collapse on the couch , rub he temple . lenny the question be not whether I be paranoid , but whether I be paranoid enough . you want to rub my neck ? mace sure . mace sit next to he and start to work . strong , know finger . lenny start to relax a little . lenny how 's Zander ? mace ok . he ask about you all the time . it 's be week since you have see he . lenny sort of keel over . his head slump in she lap . mace I be sorry about get on you case earlier . I just see you get suck in deeper and deeper , and I -- anyway . I be sorry . lenny ( drift off , joke ) s'okay . I know you still love I . she look down at he , gently brushes he hair off he sweaty forehead in a unconsciously maternal gesture . he be out cold . mace gaze at lenny 's sleep face in a way we have not see before : unguard . care . love . and we get it : she do love he . it make no sense , and it be a great burden to she that he do not see she ... but there it be . she shake it off : she do not want to deal with it now . maybe not ever . she lean she head back against the ratty top of the couch , sigh . and keep she hand move soothingly on he head . CUT to : ext . / int . mace' house / inglewood - day mace pull the limo into the driveway of a modest stucco house in inglewood . it 's dawn . a neighbor be walk the dog . mace head into the house , pick up a couple of toy leave scattered in the front yard . Inside , zander , age 6 , be watch tv in he pajamas and eat a bowl of cereal . behind he , on the couch , be mace 's young sister cecile , zee would - out . Zander frown at she and look at a red-plastic ( toy ) watch . zander where be you Mom ? do you meet a guy ? mace just lenny . zander right . that explain it . mace be you go to make I beg ? Zander scramble over to he mom , throw he arm around she . Big hug . mace ( look at weird stuff in cereal ) what be that ? zander cheerios and wiener . I make it myself . it 's good . mace well give I some then ... I be starve . CUT to : int . lenny' apartment 2:20 p.m. dec 31 lenny wake up to the sound of the phone ringing . he be on the couch , still clothed . he hear Max 's voice on the answer machine and groggily grab the receiver . max ( v.o. ) hey , the last day of the world and you spend it in bed . lenny w'sup , Max ? CUT to : ext . a.m.e . church and STREET / south central - day Max , on the cellular , across the street from a church where mourner stream out of a memorial for jeriko one . the sidewalk and street be clogge with fan , and further off -- a cordon of very anxious - look crowd control cop . max not a whole hell of a lot . they have just be say word over jeriko . tension run pretty high down here . I be tell you . what max sees across the street ... slowmo as tran come out of the church with faith next to he . corto , vita , Duncan and beemer form a loose protective shell around they as the press bear down , shouting out question . tran usher faith into a wait limo and climb in after she . the rest of the muscle keep the press away from the car as it pull away . CUT to : Max , still on the phone to lenny . lenny ( v.o. ) faith ok ? max yeah . she 's leave with tran so I get to boogie . Real quick ... Iris check into the Sheraton last night under a false name . paid cash . lenny look like she be hold out . max yup . hey , so I hear you drop in on tran last night . another slick lenny move . lenny ( v.o. ) he 's in this somehow ... I do not know how . just stay close to faith . max I be on she , amigo . no worry . gotta jam . CUT to : int . lenny' apartment as lenny be hang up he notice something . a manila envelope stick between the steel bar and the glass of he front window , next to the door . " nero " be print on the envelope . oh shit . he open the door , look both way . no - one be around . he fish out the envelope from behind the bar and take it inside . of course it contain a tape . he stare at it with dread . lenny sit down and put the tape in he playback deck . he pick up the trode and place they on he head . he notice he hand be shaking . he take a deep breath and punch play . Pov sequence : day . as expect we see the de-saturate signature look of the killer 's vision . the wearer be walk through the courtyard of lenny 's apartment building . we recognize it by the unkempt pool , the sink deck furniture . we walk through a breezeway to a ally - like courtyard behind the building . we approach a door ... the back door to lenny 's apartment . the killer pick the lock on the back door . open the door and enter . the apartment be dark , black out . we be in the kitchen . we stop and listen . Water drip in the sink . Soft snore from the live room . move to the other room . slowly , silently . furtively look around the door frame to the live room . there be lenny , crash out on the couch . now move stealthily toward he . kneel down beside he . lenny , burn out from the night before , be deep under . we hand come into view , hold the yellow plastic razor knife . with he thumb , the killer extend the blade ... click , click , click , click . the blade flash in a beam of sunlight as it move toward lenny . the killer lay it gently against lenny 's throat . draw it slowly across ... not leave a mark . the Pov back away and -- static as the tape end . lenny , in the present , whip off the trode , freaking . he feel around he throat with one hand ... can not feel anything . cross quickly to a mirror near the front door , he inspect he neck minutely . there be a hair-line red line over he carotid . he look around the room wildly , he heart hammer . slowly , he get he breathe under control . then ... he hear something in the kitchen . a tiny click . his eye go wide . hyperventilate , lenny move silently into the bedroom . he fish around under the bed and pull out a glock 22 .45 auto pistol . he stalk silently toward the kitchen . then he look at the butt of the pistol - grip : no magazine . he un -stalk back to the bed and find a load magazine under a bunch of dirty sock . he insert it quietly , wince as he chamber a round . heart thudding , he work he way to the kitchen door . he edge around the frame , pie- the room . cop reflex intact . mace be sit at the kitchen table , give he a funny look . she be drink a cup of coffee , make from the bottle of instant on the counter . she be dress casually , in bicycle pants , work boot and oversize nylon jacket over a tank - top . mace whatup lenny ? lenny ( hand shaking ) Jesus , mace ! CUT to : int . lenny' apartment a little later . as lenny toss stuff into a fold bag : clothes , a playback deck , a box of .45 hollow point . he grab he grimy old second chance body armor from the lapd and stuff it into he haliburton . when mace see he do that , she know thing be freaky . mace where we go ? lenny anywhere . ( finger to he lip ) we will talk about it in the car . mace glance around ... unnerve by the possibility of audio surveillance . lenny Hand I that box of tape , will you ? he 's point to a shoe box full of " faith " tape . mace hand they over with obvious distaste . he throw they in the bag , start to zip it ... ... then see he reflection in the bedroom mirror : something 's the matter . mace what be it ? lenny this tie do not go with blue ! he yank off the tie and grab another . CUT to : int . / ext . mace' limo and STREET - day mace and lenny drive through the street of LA on the last day of this millennium . there be cop in body armor and helmet on some street corner , hold automatic rifle . helicopter orbit endlessly . and a National Guard tank rumble down the street . State of siege . the car radio be on , with kroq 's poor man hype the impending millennium LA party . poor man ... the New year Eve mega- bash of the century . ten square block of madness , with live music , firework and the actual rich and famous of LA hobnob with we peon . also yours truly the poor man will be there at the kroq bandshell , give away " millennium LA " and " kroq 2 - k " t-shirt by the truckload -- lenny be key up and tense . he keep look out the back window . mace will you relax . there 's nobody back there . lenny mace , the guy have a knife . to my throat . in my live room . relaxing might be right out , okay ?! mace you better keep a low profile for a while . lenny no shit . you get someplace in mind ? CUT to : ext . backyard / mace' house - day on Zander , face lighting up , give lenny a high five . lenny drop he bag , shake , do a little silly hand choreography -- a goof on a bro grip -- that make Zander laugh . mace watch this ritual and smile herself . Zander can call out a part of lenny that mace would like to see more of . cecile be there , hang out with she boyfriend curtis , and curtis ' friend vej . this two guy be about 18 , dress in gangsta garb . they be listen to " the prophet of rage " on a CD player , and watch lenny with a dispassion that flirt with distaste . zander what do you get ? lenny ( pull a tape out of he pocket ) today I have ... mace ( see the tape ) lenny , have you lose it completely ? lenny easy , there , mom. easy . this be audio only . ( hand tape to Zander ) John coltrane . " a Love Supreme . " give it a listen , let I know what you think , maybe you will not go for it now , but it will get in you head and grow like a seed into something really beautiful . zander let 's play it now ! lenny later . you mom and I be head right back out . groan of outrage and protestation of unfairness from cecile , vej and curtis follow this bad news . cecile even muster the gumption to speak up . cecile hey , come on , I be baby -sitting a full 24 hour , I have to get ready for the party tonight ... mace cecile . mace frost she with a look . you do not mess with mace . mace ( to a disappointed Zander ) you be not the only little boy I have to look out for , honey . Zander nod : ok . lenny give he the grip . Zander 's hand outmaneuver he , and the boy smile in triumph . CUT to : int . underground parking garage Pov : squid tape of Iris ' death . Quick barrage of the savage imagery intersperse with burst of static ... ... until tick slip off the trode . he 's be totale by what he 's see . tick whoa . that be one unbelievable piece of eyefuck . lenny skip the art criticism , tick , what can you tell I about the wearer . tick well ... the guy 's fuck up . mace we know that , tick . tick no , I mean the killer 's get some kind of distortion in he visual cortex . the color and gray -scale value be all mess up , like color blindness . he give the tape a fast run through he processing equipment . tick lookit , you see the peak period ratios there ? could be some kind of tumor or brain lesion or something . some kind of trauma ( shaking he head ) this be not good . I do not like this at all ... lenny what ? tick well , it 's cut awful close to I . I mean she be just here . lenny who be just here ? tick Iris , man . pay attention . lenny wait , wait ... wait a minute . Iris be here ?! tick yeah , she come by last night . shake like a junkie , want I to make a copy of some clip . lenny what clip ? what be it ? tick I do not know , man , she would not let I see it . Said I would not want to see it . she say she be go to give it to you to hold for she . like insurance or something ' lenny she never give I a tape . mace ( to lenny ) think back about what she say . exactly what she say . lenny ( revve up ) she want to go out to my car , something about my car ... mace something in you car ... lenny and mace swap a look : oh shit . CUT to : ext . san pedro impound yard - dusk 6:05 p.m. the last night of this millennium be fall . mace 's limo pull to the curb . the yard be locate in the vast no - man 's land of storage lot , crane and warehouse near harbor pier . the impound office be lock . close for New year Eve . CUT to lenny and mace cut the chain off the gate with the long-handled bolt-cutter . they enter the yard . mace be carry a blunt object that look like a ray -gun . a tazer . right on cue a huge rottweiller bound out of the shadow at they , growl , its head low on a attack run . mace fire and the tazer light up the with 120,000 volt ( low amperage , not lethal ) . it whine and flip over twice , then run off behind some park car . lenny that 's a handy little attitude adjuster . ( see he car ) damn . I be box in . lenny and mace approach he BMW , block in by ten other car , so he 's not get it back this trip . he unlock the door and look inside with a tiny mag -lite while mace cover they with the tazer . a puppy-like whine come occasionally from behind some car nearby . we catch a glimpse of the puzzle , snuffling rottweiller eyeing they warily . lenny find the tape on the floormat , passenger side , still wrap in the note . he read the note : " help me. Iris . " mace what 's it say ? he crumple the note . lenny nothing . let 's go play this back . CUT to lenny and mace return to the limo . as they reach the car they be hit by two flashlight beam . it be the two cop , spreg and engelman , out of uniform , but look very serious with they pistol aim at lenny and mace . they have be follow lenny , know sooner or later he would lead they to the tape . spreg give I the tape . right now . lenny what tape ? I be just try to get my car back but the place be close -- spreg shut the fuck up nero . engelman grab a fist-full of hair at the top of mace 's head and jam he 9 mm into the back of she skull . mace ( cool and even ) lenny , give they the tape . lenny it 's in my case . okay ? I be go to open my case ... engelman facing we , where we can see it . lenny slowly open the haliburton . he take out the tape and hold it out toward spreg . lenny take it and turn she loose . okay ? spreg absolutely . and you see in he eye that it be not go to go that way . spreg edge forward and take the tape . then he point he pistol at lenny 's head , about to fire -- which be when the piss - off rottweiller shoot through the open gate like a black torpedo and tear into engelman 's leg . engelman scream in pain . mace twist out of he grip . engelman shoot the dog . lenny swing up he haliburton , use it as a shield , and dive for the car . the case take three round from spreg 's 9 mm before lenny get behind cover . mace just seem to vanish . she reappear over the trunk of the limo and put two round squarely into spreg 's chest , knock he down . lenny and mace scramble into the car , start it up . spreg sit up , pull up he shirt to make sure he body armor stop the slug . no blood . he come up fire . he and engelman empty they magazine at the limo as it pull away . no damage . they realize the limo be a bullet proof security model and run to they pickup truck , park nearby , to give chase . spreg 's face be a mask of rage . he slam the truck in gear and accelerate after the limo before engelman even have the door close . CUT to : int . / ext . limo and san pedro STREET - night mace have the big car floor . she look in the rear-view as the truck gain on they . mace be do she thing ... what she 's train for . Security drive . she whip some move in the big car , but the truck be close on they . lenny ( hold on ) oh no , we be not be follow , lenny , do not be so paranoid , lenny . they hear round hit the car , and look back . the truck be right behind they . lenny shit ! mace take it easy . the glass be bullet resistant . lenny bullet resistant ? whatever happen to bullet proof ? mace lenny . calm down . this be what I do . the limo slide broadly through a turn , side slamm a park van . mace accelerate . the truck stay with they . engelman be lean out the passenger side window with a AK - 47 assault rifle . he rip off several burst which riddle the limo , crack the glass in starburst pattern . the lexan-laminated window be crack to hell , but the round do not come all the way through . spreg 's truck come alongside , ramming they . the impact drive they sideways . mace swerve to miss a light - standard and find herself roaring between warehouse building which front the harbor . the truck stay right with they . engelman fire burst at the tire , shredd they off the rim . the limo thunder along on steel rim , throw rooster - tail of orange spark . mace find herself box in by the building . no way to turn . ahead be a short concrete pier . she hit the brake and the limo skid on its rim out onto the pier , stop before it reach the end . they be trap . CUT to : ext . san pedro pier - night engelman and spreg jump out of the truck , take cover behind it . they rake the limo with burst from they AK - 47 . inside the car . lenny and mace keep they head down below the door frame . it sound like they be inside a steel drum in some psychotic calypso band . but the armored body panel hold . lenny be punch he cellular . lenny goddamnit !! 911 be busy ! mace it 's okay , lenny ( he look at she hopefully ) they would never get here in time anyway . mace have reload she sig and be try to open the door on she side ( away from the bad guy ) . it be jamme from the sideswipe . spreg reach into the bed of the truck and pull out a gallon gas can . he uncap it and throw it across the pavement . it slide under the limo , glugging its content onto the ground . spreg grab a road - flare from under the seat of the truck and strike the cap , lighting it . he toss the flare under the limo ... ka-whoomph !! the gas can explode in a fireball . the Continental be engulf in flame . from the inside all lenny and mace can see be fire . all the window be cover in roaring flame . mace ( matter -of - fact ) this be bad . lenny the gas tank 's go to go any second ! mace slam the car into gear and floor it . the powerful lincoln thunder forward . it crash through a chain -link fence and launch right off the end of the pier . a fireball plunging in a meteoric arc into the oily black water . Inside , they be slam forward by the impact . the car sink . underwater : the car hit bottom , twenty foot down , sit there amid the junk . shaft of light play down from the big streetlight at the end of the pier . inside , lenny and mace be in a flooding black tomb . lenny be you out of you fuck mind ?! mace Fire 's out , be not it ? she scramble into the back seat . she wrench at the rear seatback , pull it free ... and crawl half - into the huge trunk . Water be up around they leg . she grab she shotgun : a saw - off ten-gauge . mace get in here . come on lenny , move it . move !! mace yank he toward she and he tumble in . mace get ready to hold you breath . she aim the ten-gauge at the trunk latch mechanism . mace lenny , kick out hard , then just follow I . okay ? he nod . blam !! she blow the trunk latch into shrapnel . the trunk lid belch open in a whoosh of bubbles . lenny and mace kick out , head toward the light of the pier . on the surface : mace break the surface slowly alongside the slimy concrete wall . lenny come up beside she , spluttering . her hand go over he mouth . they be in the inky shadow under a massive bumper make of rail - road tie . engelman and spreg be stand above they , scan the black water over the barrel of they aks . spreg let 's get out of here . they run back to the truck and high - tail it out of there . down below , lenny and mace be cling to the pier , chest - deep in the water . they hear the truck pull away . they let out a big exhalation of relief . CUT to lenny and mace walk on the pier , shoe squishing . they leave a shiny trail behind they . mace I can not believe we have to give they the damn tape . lenny yeah , I neither . it be one of my favorite . I and faith in a hot tub on my birthday . I be go to really miss it . he feel around in he jacket pocket . he pull out the mystery tape ... nice and dry in its plastic case . he hold it up to show a grin mace . lenny be we impressed yet ? CUT to : int . / ext . freeway and curtis ' car - night 7:45 p.m. lenny and mace , still wet , riding in the back seat of curtis ' car . curtis ( piss ) I get better thing to do on New Year 's Eve than be some kinda damn chauffeur ... mace hey curtis ? just drive . curtis swear . but he shut up and drive . lenny that two guy be cop . mace you sure ? lenny it 's the walk . something . anyway , they will run you plate and get you address . we gotta keep move . mace take it in . she nod . CUT to : int . mace' house mace come in the front door and walk straight to the tv , switch it off . Zander and cecile be shocked . cecile lornette , girl ... what 's go on ? lenny go past they and start grab he stuff ... wardrobe bag , playback gear . mace ( to Zander ) we be go to aunt cecile 's , honey . we be go to watch firework from there . let 's go . chop chop . zander aw , Mom ! lenny come on Zander . you can ride on my shoulder . here you go . lenny hoist he overhead and go out the door . cecile catch up to mace in the hall , just as she be open a lock cabinet and pull out a little .380 auto , holster and ammo . mace cecile , get in the car . now . CUT to : int . / ext . STREET and civic - night siren pierce the night . two pillar of fire be visible block away . there be dark crowd of people everywhere . people on the sidewalk , lighting firework . there be flash and explosion . it could be a celebration , or a war zone . maybe both . or one about to turn into the other . mace be drive , scan the street . she have she .380 auto in she hand , rest in she lap . lenny be riding shotgun , while curtis , cecile and Zander be in the back seat . CUT to : ext . cecile's apartment - night it be gang territory pure and simple . black and hispanics . graffiti everywhere . burn - out building . lenny see abject poverty , here . even so , people be party . they pull up to the front of cecile 's apartment building and get out . there be some homeboy chillin ' on the front step who give mace the local hand -sign . she return the sign automatically as she carry Zander past they . one of the boy yo , mace . whatup wit you , homegirl ? you never come roun ' here no more . lenny follow with he wardrobe bag . the homeboy give lenny the eye as he brushes past they . mace chill they with a glare . mace he 's with I . CUT to : int . cecile's apartment - night a small and dingy place . cecile have do she best to make it a home . mace and lenny go into the kitchen and shut the door . he quickly set up he playback deck on the table . he put on the trode and pull the tape out of he pocket . then he pause , look at it apprehensively ... know that it contain the answer to all this madness . he put it into the deck . the deck close . he punch play . CUT to : int . apartment / live room - night mace watch Zander lighting bottle rocket with curtis on the balcony of the apartment ... visible through the window . staccato firework nearby sound like automatic weapon , make she flinch . she go back into the ... kitchen . where she see lenny sit at the table , trode in he hand . stun . face the color of old cement . hand shaking . mace tell I . lenny I can not tell you . you have get to see . mace uh unh . I will not do it . lenny mace . I know what you think about the wire . but I be ask you to do this . it 's that important . mace see how serious he be . she nod : ok . he put the trode on she . lenny sorry this have to be you first playback . he hit play and mace react as the sensory input hit she . she open she eye ... lenny keep you eye close , or you will see double . she bite she lip as the sensation of be another person flood through she . Pov sequence : we be Iris . Riding in a car . fix we makeup in a mirror on the passenger side sun visor . Iris flip the sun visor back up , revealing the move street . it be night . we look down , and recognize the dress Iris be wear when we first see she , two night ago . she put she lipstick into a purse which be belt to she waist . Iris turn she head and we see the driver . it be jeriko one . he be laugh , talk to someone in the back seat . Iris look and we see replay , jeriko 's sideman , and another woman , diamanda . they be amorously entwine . then they be all laugh and pass around a bottle of Jim beam . the car stereo be thumping loudly . Iris ' Pov swing around and look down , see jeriko 's hand caress she thigh . she put she hand on he chest and lean close to he . jeriko grin , then look up and swear at a wash of red / blue cop flash . jeriko shit. fuckin ' five - o we Pov swing to the rear-view mirror and we see a lapd car behind we , with the gumball machine on . a spotlight hit we and we hear a single whoop on the siren . jeriko pull over , but they be on a overpass ... no shoulder . cop voice ( on bullhorn ) go to the bottom of the ramp . jeriko and replay be both swear . he pull the car down the ramp , stop on a desert street in a warehouse district . we Pov look around nervously . Black shadow and concrete pillar . no - one around . Cars whoosh by on the bridge above but they might as well be on Mars . the car be stop next to a train yard . we hear the rumble of diesel nearby , the clank of freightcar . we see the outline of two cop advance through the beam of the spotlight , they gun draw . jeriko ( jump out of the car ) goddamn , now what you pull I over for ? if I be go any slower I would be park -- cop voice 1 get down on you knee and put you hand on you head . now ! cop voice 2 everyone else , out of the car and down on the ground . we Pov come up and out of the car . jeriko be righteously piss off . he 's not follow order . cop voice 1 put you hand behind you head right now ! he go along , madder than ever . the cop get replay down on he knee as well , in the wet gutter next to the curb . the cop be closer now . we see that they be spreg and engelman . engelman ( to we ) put you hand on the hood of the car and do not move . we exchange a look with diamanda . Fucking cop . but jeriko be wind they up . not give they the pleasure of the humiliation . you can see it escalate . jeriko I suppose you stop we cause you have suspect fitting we description in the area , what you be gonna tell I . what be the description ? two black male in a car ? yeah , right , I hear that one before ... as engelman pull out jeriko 's wallet , look at he id , jeriko check name tag . jeriko well you stop the wrong black male tonight officer ... what be it ? spreg. Officer spreg . Cause I be the 800 pound gorilla in you mist , fucker . I make more in a day than you make in a year , and my lawyer love to spend my money drag sorry - ass Aryan robocopop like you into court . get a man down on the ground with no probable cause . fuck you ! spreg shut the fuck up ! he kick jeriko down on he face . jeriko hit the ground hard . diamanda ( yell ) leave the fuck off of we , we be not do anything ... spreg shut up ! do not make I walk over there . engelman show the id to spreg , say something we can not hear . spreg you be that rap puke ? jeriko one ? you be the one get all the gangbanger to form citizen group and go downtown ... try to rake the lapd over a cheese grater ? jeriko that 's right . and you be gonna be in my next song , motherfucker , it 's call robo-spreg . replay start laugh . diamanda stifles a giggle . spreg be white - lipped with rage . year of frustration come to a head . too many disciplinary action , too many suspension , too little appreciation of the tough job they do . jeriko it 's a song about a cop who meet he worst nightmare , a nigger with enough political juice to crush he ass like a stink bug . you be gonna be famous . spreg look around the empty street . look at engelman . down at jeriko , prone out on the pavement . replay 's laughter in he ear . spreg I do not think so . and shoot he blam ! blam ! twice in the back of the head . just like that . diamanda scream . replay try to roll to he foot . spreg shoot he twice in the stomach . replay be scream . Rolling around , hold he gut . spreg ( shouting ) hey ... I do not hear you laugh ! engelman 's yell something at he we can not hear . spreg turn , eye wide with adrenaline . spreg get the bitch . engelman hesitates and then spin toward we . diamanda be scream , back away from engelman . spreg shoot replay four more time . we spin one - eighty and start to run . hear shot ... blam ! blam ! blam ! spin back ... to see diamanda drop to she knee . engelman shoot she again . then raise he gun toward we . we spin away . the world become a kinetic blur . the sound of shot . we see puff of dust on the ground in front of we . miss shot . we tumble over a guardrail and roll down a embankment ... get up and keep run . train track ahead . look back ... here come spreg and engelman down the embankment , overtake we . we hear the thunder of a train ... spin again to look forward . freight -train do fifty on the nearest track . almost to we . we leap forward . over the track . the diesel roar past behind we . look back ... a black wall of move steel . back away from it . we see engelman and spreg crouching down ... try to aim through the wheel . hear the impotent pop of they gun over the roar of the train . turn to run again . we see a tiny hole appear in a sign right in front of we with a metallic spang . running and run . look back . no pursuit . train still roll by . can not see the cop . running , run . heart pound and lung heaving . sob sound come from somewhere , seem to fill the night . look down ... one shoe on , one shoe off . Iris ' hand take off the remain shoe , clutches it to she chest . we move forward into the dark train - yard as -- the tape end . and mace sit stone still . shake . for a beat . and another . then she tear the trode off and throw they across the room , near where lenny be on the cellular . lenny ( into phone ) hang on . hang on , max. ( look at mace ) you see ? mace I see. ( tremble ) I see the earth open up and swallow we all . lenny yeah I know . ( into cellular ) so what do we do ? CUT to : int . / ext . max's car - night as Max drive along a crowded downtown street . max ( into phone ) do not talk to anybody . anybody . you be invisible . okay ? just meet I at tick 's in a half hour . and lenny ... do not get pull over . CUT to : int . cecile's apartment - night lenny push " end " on he cellular and look at mace . the first - time impact of the squid experience , and the kill of jeriko , still haunt she . we have never see mace scared . but she look scared now . lenny we get to make another copy of this . Little life insurance . mace you know what this tape could do if it get out . lenny ( tucking Glock in he waistband ) I have get a good idea , yeah . mace people find out ... see ... that the lapd just flat out execute jeriko one . Jesus . maybe they ought to see . lenny maybe . but tonight be probably not the best night . come on , we be rollin' . CUT to : ext . cecile's apartment - night cecile catch they on the step as they be leave . cecile lornette , when you gonna stop lay off everything on I ? we have plan tonight -- mace ( steely ) listen to I , little sister . there 's something go on , and it 's very big . now you have get to take care of Zander . and stay off the street tonight ... you hear I on this ? cecile get the message . she nod . mace curtis . what about you ? do we understand each other ? you stay put . curtis yeah . I be wit it . mace and lenny go on down the step to the car . curtis ( to cecile ) damn ! she worse than you . CUT to : int . / ext . civic and STREET - night lenny and mace see helicopter circle as they maneuver the dark street . xenon searchlight crisscross the rooftop nearby . they see patrol car pass on cross - street , light flash . it feel like the entire lapd be look for they . everywhere in the street there be small crowd , street party in progress . people drink and fire bottle rocket . the police watch everything . lenny so , let 's see , I have get tran 's goons , some squidhead psycho and the lapd all try to kill I . happy new year , lenny . mace well , look at the plus side . lenny there 's a plus side ? mace yeah . you give up you hot tub tape to save I . that 's real progress for you . lenny it be a tough call . mace I still can not square the psycho smart of whoever do Iris with that two cop . lenny I do not think that cop do Iris . I think whoever Iris be wear for kill she . mace why ? lenny to break the trail . if that cop have get hold of she , they would have beat it out of she who she be wear for , and then go after they too . we killer be run as scared as we be . which make he really dangerous . judge by how scared I be . they pull up to the checkpoint ; lenny squirrel into the seat , hide in the shadow , as mace flash she security pass and the cop wave they on . lenny let he breath out slowly . CUT to : int . underground garage / tick' van lenny and mace pull in with a squeal of brake and park the car . sound of rock music -- some kind of refried psychedelia -- come from tick 's van down the ramp . mace and lenny get out , approach the van . hear tire squeal , they turn to see Max pull up . he get out wear a ill-fitting rental tux . Music louder , echoing in the empty garage , even though the van be shut tight . max sound like tick 's already celebrate . lenny you may be a little overdress for this party . ( lenny pound on the van door ) yo , tick ! it 's lenny . open up ! mace slip out she .380 , on alert . lenny ( knock again , then open rear van door ) tick , I get to talk to you , man ... oh shit . tick 's slump in the back of the van with playback trode on he head . he 's breathe , but otherwise he 's still . near lifeless . a cyborg after a power outage . all the equipment in the van be trash . lenny ( as he start to examine tick ) he 's be cook - off max be he dead ? lenny no . but he frontal lobe be like two runny egg . they put a amplifier in - line to boost the signal till it french - fry he brain . mace hit " off " on the build - in CD player . the sudden silence be creepy . lenny get right in front of tick 's eye , shouting at he , at the top of he lung . tick' Pov : we see a roaring blizzard of inchoate static . somewhere in the middle of it be a suggestion of lenny 's face , almost invisible . we hear the tiniest ghost of he voice , like a radio play two block away . lenny he 's totally cut off from the outer world . mace how long do it last ? ( off lenny 's look ) oh. max that two psycho cop be on a slash - and - burn to find the tape and cover they track . mace this seem a little sophisticated for they . this be not subtle guy . max there 's more to this whole thing than you think . lenny whattya mean ? max all I be say ... you do not know how high up the food chain this thing go . I have hear stuff . lenny what stuff ? max smoke . rumor . I have hear stuff about a death squad . a group a guy loyal to the hardline school . guy that have have too many year of city hall and the review board and the goddamn media pissing down they neck , suspending cop right and leave , tie they hand ... while outa the other side a they mouth this same people be squealing save we , save we , do something you fuck moron , crime be totally out of control . lenny take this in . all the fight go out of he . this be just too overwhelming . lenny Jesus . max yeah . so do not walk near I in public , alright . lenny thanks , buddy . see ... thing be not bad enough . they be not fuck bad enough ! mace the only card we have to play be the tape . you know , we get it to the media somehow ... lenny yeah , right , blow it open . max ( interrupt ) mace ... no disrespect ... but you run this on the 11 o'clock news , by midnight you get the biggest riot in history . they will see the fuck smoke from Canada . lenny okay ... what about strickland ? max no. bad idea . mace who 's strickland ? lenny deputy commissioner palmer strickland . the sanctimonious prick who bust I out . his ass be so tight when he fart only dog can hear it . I know this guy . if there 's one cop who 's not dirty it 's he . max listen to I , lenny ... stay away from cop . all cop . you have no way of know who you can trust . mace look from one to the other with a grow expression of outrage . mace so you be say we just pretend be do not happen ? it happen ! the lapd execute one of the most important black man in America ! who the fuck be you to bury this ?! max Fine . do you want blood run waist deep in the storm drain ? the gangbanger will spread like a wave through this city and burn it to the ground . and when the fire start the street cop will be capping off at anything that move . it will be all - out war and you know it . mace yeah , well maybe it 's time for a war ! max you really want that on you head ? lenny hey , Max , mace ... whoa ... time out . max / mace ( together / annoyed ) what !? lenny whoever kill Iris do tick . it 's the same sick wirehead shit . same reason ... to burn the trail . if faith know anything about this , and I think she do , then she 's on the list . so ... who 's drive ? CUT to : ext . retinal fetish / alley - night roadies be load out gear through the back door of the club into a van in the alley . lenny and mace enter frame and we follow they between the roady , go through the door into ... int . retinal fetish a grungy black corridor . the thunder of music get louder with each step as lenny and mace walk down the corridor with purposeful stride . through chainlink partition and bank of dark equipment , lenny catch glimpsis of the stage . he can see faith in a blue- white spotlight . she be a whirling dervish , convulse with the divine madness of she music . Beyond she , beyond the light , in the gloom ... lenny can just see tran and he entourage . dress in tux , they look out of place ... clearly on they way somewhere else as the evening progress . faith whirl to a stop as the band crash in a final downbeat . the spotlight go out and the set be over . on tran , clap . watch . nearby , Max arrive through the crowd , scan for tran ... spot he . backstage ... faith , bath in sweat , walk along a dark corridor backstage . we track with her , as she walk through the shadow , like a fighter return from the ring , soak and breathe hard . a hand shoot from a black doorway and cover she mouth , pull she into the shadow . terrify for a split second ... before she recognize that it be lenny . he pull she into the room and close the door . it be tex arcana 's vj control room , full of monitor and constantly change graphic image . tex be not there . faith lenny ! Jesus ! you scared the Hell out of I . faith see that mace be stand there , in the shadow , wait . she turn back to lenny with a frown . faith what 's go on ? lenny faith , we know about jeriko . Iris make I a copy of the tape . faith oh God , lenny . I be try to keep you out of this . but she seem relieved now that he know , now that there be someone to talk to . lenny how do it happen ? what be Iris do riding around with jeriko wear a wire ? faith we should talk alone . lenny no . mace be in this . mace tell we . faith tran 's get obsess with playback , a total wiretrip junkie . and he 's such a control freak , he 's be have people follow , videotape ... recording he business partner ' call . wiring up people leave and right . CUT to : int . club / MAIN floor tran look at he watch and get up from the table , impatient . tran let 's go get she . we be late . Max show up suddenly , right in front of he . stop he . max tran , listen . I be wonder how you want I to work it tonight , down at the bonaventure . you want I downstairs at the party or upstairs at the suite ? where you go to be , mostly ? CUT to : int . tex's room while Max stall , faith talk . faith tran and jeriko be not get along . he be afraid jeriko be get ready to dump he , but he be not sure , so he start with the surveillance . a couple night ago he wire up Iris and send she and the other girl , diamanda , over to jeriko 's table . CUT to : two night ago , Iris , wear a wig , leave tran 's table with diamanda and move toward ... a booth in the retinal fetish where jeriko one sit with replay . Iris stand over jeriko for just a moment . then he nod , smile a little , and move over to make room for she in the booth right next to he . faith that night Iris call up , freaking . she come over and tran watch the tape . he just lose it . he can not believe the disaster she 's get he into . he 's terrify the cop will beat it out of she who she be work for , and come look for he . CUT to : tran's loft as a tear-streaked and frantic Iris be tell tran about how the cop try to kill she ( we do not hear ) . tran backhand she furiously , he face thin - lipped with rage . she crumple to the floor , sobbing . tran keep look at the squid tape in he hand like it 's poison . lenny kinda guy you can count on in a pinch . mace why do not he just go public with the tape ? save himself that way . CUT to : a image of tran burn the squid tape . it blaze in he hand and he hurl it into the fireplace like a venomous snake . faith the scandal would wipe he out . if it get out that he have he own artist under surveillance ... he would lose all he other act . he would be over . now we see tran , more compose , comforting Iris . he wipe at she tear -streak face . hand she a wad of bill . faith so finally he give Iris some cash and tell she to check into the hotel under a wrong name till he figure out what to do . lenny yeah ... he figure out what to do all right . faith you think tran kill she ? lenny the killer know right where she be . because he put she there . faith what a nightmare . CUT to : int . MAIN floor tran impatiently gesture to corto . tran go get she , joey . stupid bitch . ( to Max ) we will talk about this later . CUT to : int . tex's room mace be get the sixth sense feel that second count . mace come on . we be out of here . lenny get close to faith , take she face in he hand . lenny leave here with I , right now . mace sigh heavily , roll she eye toward the ceiling . faith consider she option . then she smile at he . faith okay , lenny . my guardian angel . faith hug he , and he clutches she . mace lock she jaw and look away . this be hard for she . CUT to : int . corridor mace lead the way , with lenny follow , grip faith 's hand like orpheus lead eurydice out of Hell . they push through shape of people in the thunder dark corridor . half -lit , in alcove , far-gone wirehead loll in semi - consciousness . faith look back and see : tran's posse round a corner ... spot they . they start shove through the crowd like juggernauts , knock protest people out of the way . mace , lenny and faith break into a run , pound down the corridor . behind they , Duncan lead the charge . suddenly tex arcana shoot into the hallway , intentionally block they path with he wheelchair . Duncan crash over he , toppling the chair , and they both sprawl to the floor . vita , beemer and corto go around the sprawl . tex , like many legless man , have incredibly strong arm . lenny look back to see he pound Duncan 's head against the floor ... tex teach you ... ( pound ) to mess with ... ( pound ) a helpless cripple ! lenny et al reach the main floor of the club where they shove through the buffete crowd amid strobe - flash and a wall of sound . behind they we see corto and beemer hurl partier aside , cut a swath , while vita move like a mongoose through tall grass . mace drop back , go tail - end - Charlie ... she bodyguard mode kick in . on lenny and faith , charge through the jostling crowd , lenny be look back , then he look ahead and ... tran be right in front of he . in the whirling shape and color of the crowd , he be a island of composure in a white tux . he hold a glass of champagne in one hand , the bottle in the other . in one lightning - fast move he uppercut with the bottle , clipping lenny under the jaw . faith scream as lenny stagger . tran swing again , smash the bottle over the back of lenny 's head . lenny sprawl on the floor amid champagne foam and glass . lenny , blood flow in he eye , rise blearily to see faith be pull away by tran , who have she arm twisted viciously behind she back . they go around a chain -link divider and double back , head for the exit . lenny stagger to the chainlink , sagging to he knee again as faith pass within a few inch of he . he slip down the chainlink , into unconsciousness , as she image be lose in the pound darkness . mace get to he through the crowd , and then whirl like a cat as the posse arrive . she stand guard over he like a rabid dog , she .380 auto straightarm and cover they expertly . corto eye she with hatred . the stitches on he nose and the bruise swell be a reminder of he last run - in with she . he back off . corto ( to the other ) not here . let go . they back off , fade into the crowd ... catch up with tran at the exit . mace watch they recede . then she bend to lenny . Max arrive a moment later and they lift he to he foot . CUT to : ext . retinal fetish / alley - night Max and mace support a semi-conscious lenny , hustling he to the car . as they be put he in the car , two lapd officer come through the crowd , eyeing the bleed lenny . max everything 's cool . too much to drink . lenny pick this moment to slump sideways , fall half out of the car . the squid tape of the jeriko kill fall out of he jacket pocket and clatter to the pavement . mace 's eye go wide . the boot of one of the cop be inch from it . mace yeah , uh ... he slip on the stair . we be take he to emergency . ( to the nearest cop ) Excuse I . the cop step back , give mace room to push lenny back up in the seat . she surreptitiously kick the tape under the car , over to the driver 's side . cop go to cedar . it 's close . mace nod and go around the car . Max start ask they question and the cop turn away , distract . she pick up the tape and get in . close the door . let 's out a big breath . CUT to : int . parking garage / bonaventure HOTEL - night a line of expensive car wait to valet park . tran 's limo jump the line and swoops up parallel to the elevator door . the posse get out , scowling at the valet who swallow he protest . tran emerge , help faith out with a firm grip on she arm which he do not release as they head for the elevator . they push through a group wait for a elevator ... man in tux , woman in gowns and diamond . the elevator open and tran 's entourage sweep inside . beemer and Duncan block any civilian from enter . int . elevator they ride in silence a moment . faith be pale , she jaw clenching . tran have she arm in a tight grip . there be a march - to- the-gallow feel about the moment . faith well , I be certainly in the mood for a party . tran ( to Wade ) take she up to the suite . ( to faith ) have a glass of champagne ... or six ... I will be up in a while to help you ring in the New Year . faith I live for the moment . the elevator door open , revealing ... int . foyer and ballroom the heart of the millennium L.A. New Year 's ball . a glitterati event in full swing . Red carpet , minicam light and paparazzi . limo pull up outside four deep . Movie star rub elbow with politico , music mover and shaker chat with city hall type . this be a party to celebrate the millennium , sure , but its main function be to celebrate the celebrant : if you be here , there 's no need to be anywhere else . there be a heavy police presence , as well as lot of private security . tran exit the elevator with vita Minh , joey corto and Duncan . they wedge through the crowd , tran smile . nodding to people he know . CUT to : int . cecile's apartment - night lenny be in a chair in the kitchen , listen to Max on the cellular . he be hold a dish - towel full of ice cube on he scalp . it be soak with blood and he armani jacket and silk shirt be spatter . mace lift the ice pack to check that the bleed have stop . mace you be a pussy - whipped sorry - ass motherfucker , you know that ? she slap the ice pack back down . lenny owww !! take it easy . ( to phone ) uh huh . so where be they now ? CUT to : int . ballroom / bonaventure HOTEL tight on max , lean against a pillar . he look over he shoulder , around the column . max's Pov : through a dense throng of glitterati we see tran and he entourage seat at a table , hold court with music type and politico . max he 's get she up in the room , under guard . and he 's still work the party ... act smooth like nothin 's nothin' . so buddy ... I say we work a trade . lenny ( v.o. ) what do you mean ? max give he the tape . see ? it 's fuck brilliant ! the tape for faith . I know he will go for it . I can set it up . lenny ( v.o. ) this be what we laughingly refer to as a plan , right ? max come on ! if he give we any shit , we kill them all . whattya say ? ( same old Max ) just get you butt down here . if I be not at the shindig downstairs go to the room . it 's 2203 . you writin ' ? CUT to : int . apartment on lenny , at the table . he dab he finger in the blood on the ice pack and write the number on the table top . lenny 2- 2- 0 - 3 . get it . stay on she . max ( v.o. ) I intend to . lenny punch end . mace look at the number write in blood on the white formica . her eye ratchet up , boring into lenny . not notice , he get up , still woozy , and stagger to he wardrobe bag across the room . lenny okay , we gotta get over there . ( open the bag ) can you borrow a dress from cecile or something -- mace I be not go . lenny whatya mean ? we be go ! tran 's gonna do she right there unless -- mace lenny ... shutup . just park you mouth and listen . it 's a set-up . think about it ! why 's he be send you tape ? to freak you , get you to rush in without think . then they put one in you , put one in she , put the gun in you hand ... crime of passion . this guy 's bent enough to think of that . lenny nod , hearing what she be say . lenny that sound right . ( but it change nothing ) I be go . he reach into he wardrobe bag ... pull out the box of " faith " tape and set it aside , then pull out the suit . mace 's frustration explode as anger . she grab he shoebox full of tape . hold they up to he . mace you gonna get yourself kill for this ? this toxic-waste bitch ! she dump the box of tape on the floor . she start stomping on they with one heel , crunching several into junk . lenny what the fuck be you do ?! lenny freak out and scramble to pick they up , try to stop she , push she away . they struggle for a pathetic , tragic moment . mace snap . she grab he by the lapel and swing he around , slamm he back against a wall . mace lenny ! this be you life , lenny ! right here . right now . this be realtime ... not playback . Real ... time . time to get real . understand what I be say ... she do not love you . maybe she do once , I do not know , but she do not now . this be use emotion . it 's time to trade they in . mace 's tone become more gentle . we see that she outburst be , beneath it all , come from a place of compassion . mace lenny , memory be mean to fade . they be design that way for a reason . lenny seem to crumple . he know he have to let go . but it be so painful . lenny have you ever be in love with somebody who do not return that love ? mace give he a look like , jeez lenny , be you dumb sometimes . mace yeah . lenny . I have . lenny it do not stop you from loving they . right ? or understanding they , or be able to forgive they ... mace I guess . lenny and it do not stop you from want to protect they . do it ? mace no . it do not . lenny 's eye be brim with tear . he make no attempt to hide it ... do not brush they away . lenny I work vice , narcotics ... violent crime ... and I see every know depravity . I be lose , mace . in outer darkness . then I bust this strung - out little teeny -hooker . when I meet faith she be just another runaway give twenty dollar blowjob to buy crank . another lose soul . mace you never tell I . lenny but she be different . there be a light in she eye ... and she have this voice . it be scary , all that pain come out of that little body . like she could take all the hurt and rage of the entire world and lift it up to heaven in one voice . I help she . and I promise she that I would always be there ... to protect she . ( long pause ) see ? it 's not about what 's in she head . it 's what 's in mine . I can not let go of the promise . it 's ... like ... it 's all I have leave . mace no , it 's not . mace take he face in she hand . she kiss he lightly on the cheek , where the tear - track be . mace come on , lenny . let 's go to a party . CUT to : ext . STREET and bonaventure HOTEL - night 11:07 p.m. it be the mother of all partie . in a aerial shot we see there must be 100,000 people jam the close street of downtown l.a . Arc light sweep the sky . there be two outdoor bandstand , with live music pound . there be laser , strobe-light . people be literally dance in the street ... if they can move at all . huge projection video screen be set up all over the place . LA be connect to other city all over the world by satellite , share in the celebration in different time zone . the excitement have be building all evening as midnight sweep across the country toward the West Coast . it look like a U2 concert 10 block long : a multimedia blow -out . madness in the street . and lenny and mace be stick in it . the Civic can not move in the middle of this millennial mardi gras . people swarm around , pound on the Civic as they go by , or press they face against the glass . it may be the party of the century , but it look like the middle of a third world revolution . mace that 's it . let 's bail . and she 's out of the car , leave the key , ignore the protest horn behind she . and we see that she 's wear a short black cocktail dress . lenny come around the car , through the wild crowd . he 's in he other suit . snappy . mace unselfconsciously hike up she dress and slip she .380 auto into a holster velcroed to she leg . she pull the dress down and you can not see the gun , hide between she upper thigh . in fact , it look like she could not be conceal a quarter anywhere on she body . the dress be cut low at the top and high at the bottom , show plenty of muscular leg . High heel do great thing for she calve . her braid now loose and full , like a mane . lenny glance at mace and do a double take . he be catch by a sudden realization : lenny mace ... you be a girl . mace good , lenny . I can see why the detective gig do not work out . come on . they push they way through the swirl mass of humanity . mace move like a wedge , security training come to the fore . the whole street be vacuum - pack with people . fill with car desert in the general euphoria , a unpart Red Sea of man and machine . they will move through the various strata of society as they work they way in to the party 's inner sanctum . it be like all of LA , from poorest to richest , compress into a few square block . there be cop everywhere . cop on motorcycle , cop in car , cop in riot gear . lenny scope out the security at the front entrance ... metal detector , cop ... plus you have to have a 500 dollar - a- plate ticket . lenny get you ticket ? mace no . they must have send it to my beach house by mistake . lenny motion toward the back of the hotel and mace follow . they pass a uniform cop who be stand thirty foot away , he back to they . reverse angle : it be spreg . his black eye scan the crowd . CUT to : int . HOTEL kitchen on lenny and mace move with purpose through the vast steaming factory of the kitchen where a thousand dinner be be prepare . they be ignore by the bustling staff . CUT to : int . HOTEL ballroom lenny and mace emerge from a service door into the glitterati crowd , head into the ballroom . they scan the room . lenny you see tran ? mace uh unh . lenny whip out he cellular and recall Max 's number . he hear the phone connect . it start to ring . lenny' Pov ... as the crowd part for a moment . he see palmer strickland talk to a city - hall type . lenny turn away before strickland see he . lenny ( to the ringing phone ) come on , Max . come on , buddy ... ( two more ring ) damnit . he look around now . start to feel the creep edge of panic . no tran . no Max . lenny alright . we be go up . mace and do what ? take on he whole posse ? lenny I still get one ace to play . tran 's get what I want ... and I have get what he want ... lenny pull the jeriko tape out of he breast - pocket and hold it up . mace just stare at he completely outrage . mace that 's the original . there be no copy . lenny ( not get it ) exactly . that 's why it 's a make - able deal . mace get very , very close to lenny , and she voice drop to a odd , cold ... lethal -sound ... growl . mace look . that tape be a lightning bolt from God . it 's worth more than you , more than I , more than faith . you understand ? it can change thing . thing that need change before we all go off the end of the road . and you do not have the right to use it for currency . ( lenny 's eye be wide ) you go ... you go alone . this be where I draw the line . I care about you lenny ... a lot more than you know ... which make we both pretty stupid . but you pawn that tape , you mean nothing to I . lenny do not know what to say . tough choice . he clenches he jaw ... and turn away . he stride into the crowd , head for the lobby and the elevator . on mace , watch he go . wanting to run and stop he . but she 's say what there be to say . she turn away , desolate and churn with emotion . the moment lengthen as she wrestle with it . you see she fury , she sadness ... and she protective instinct . her resolve fail she . ultimately , she must protect he if she can . mace ah , hell . lenny -- she turn , run toward the lobby . and ... boom . slam into he . he come back . lenny take she hand and put the tape in she palm . close she finger on it . lenny see that guy ? ( point ) the one with the ramrod up he ass . that 's strickland . mace follow he look to strickland , across the room . lenny take it to he . mace a cop ? you want I to trust a cop ?! lenny no. trust I . he unclip he playback deck from he belt and hand it to she . mace ( nodd slowly ) oh boy . ( she take a deep breath ) what if you be wrong ? lenny then we will be right where we be now . mace yeah , right . fucked . CUT to : int . bonaventure elevator it be a glass - cage scenic elevator , run up the outside of the building . 10th floor . the last passenger step out . when the door whoosh close and lenny 's leave alone there 's only the sound of muzak Christmas carol . the elevator rise , the light of LA spread out below . he be hyperventilate . CUT to : int . HOTEL ballroom mace thread she way past table circle a dance floor full of dancer and make she way through celeb air - kissing each other . but as she get near strickland 's table , he stand up and excuse himself . he start toward the men' room . and mace follow he . CUT to : int . men' room / HOTEL a few guy in tux tend to themselves . strickland enter , crossing to a urinal . he unzip . mace step up beside he . guy behind she look on , slack - jaw . mace pay no attention to they . strickland , stern and flinty - eye , raise one eyebrow . strickland yes ? she put the playback deck on top of strickland 's urinal . he scowl . mace there 's a tape in there you need to see . I mean right now . while see be look at strickland , a young lapd officer come out of a stall , and go to the sink . he glance in the mirror at mace . strickland if it be not New Year 's Eve , I would arrest you for possession of illegal equipment -- mace ( interrupt ) just look at the tape ! you want to know who kill jeriko one ? go in the stall right now and hit play . the young cop step up behind she . young cop Sir , be there a problem here ? mace turn . oh shit . she back away from they . mace damn ! I know it -- strickland motion with he eye and the cop grab for she . mace twist viciously out of he grip , knock he down and vanish out the door . strickland heft the recorder , ponder it . his expression be opaque . CUT to : int . hallway / bonaventure HOTEL lenny come out of the elevator . stand at the corner , where he can watch the elevator and the corridor , be Wade beemer . lenny do not break stride . just walk toward beemer . he 's not afraid anymore . he 's piss off . beemer move toward he . lenny now , Wade , can we talk here , like two human being -- we think he 's start the usual negotiation . but when he get in range he let fly with a line - drive right , straight into beemer 's face . we be talk a John Wayne haymaker punch . he stagger back , surprised and daze , and lenny knee he right in the gut as hard as he can . he drop to he knee , suck wind . lenny draw he Glock and put it behind beemer 's ear , pull a pair of handcuffs off he belt . okay , we be start to believe he might have be a cop once . lenny it 's not personal . CUT to : int . ballroom mace , move fast as she can through the crowd and past the table when ... ... she 's grab by duncan . he get she in a good tight come-along . like any good security person , the hold be not so obvious that the party around they be disrupt . vita minh step up next to she , close rank . mace be walked around behind the bandstand . joey corto walk up to she , look mean and smug . mace twist one hand free and snap it out in a blur . her open palm break corto 's nose with a audible crunch . corto scream and grab he face . corto aw , not the fuck nose !! she slam she foot down on Duncan 's instep and snap she head back simultaneously in a reverse head - butt . he keep the hold . mace drive she free hand back into the approximate position of he nut . even though Duncan look like he bench - press buick , this have the desire effect . mace jerk away from he , shove he back through a buffet table . vita draw a knife in a lightning move but ... suddenly mace be stand there with she dress hike up and she pistol straight - armed , with the muzzle right in she face . vita say the smartest line of the night . vita hey , enjoy the party . mace spin and sprint through dumbfounded glitterati , she gun innocuously tight to she side . she spot a red " exit " sign above a fire door and go through . CUT to : int . stairwell and penthouse / bonaventure lenny close the stairwell door , give we a quick glimpse of beemer handcuff to the steel railing . lenny move down the empty corridor . he approach suite 2203 . the door be ajar . always a bad sign . CUT to : ext . STREET - night mace find herself back in the millennium madness , among the street crowd who do not even notice she . she holster the gun and move away from possible pursuit . the sky explode with purple light as huge firework go off overhead . a crack like thunder follow . then more flash . the countdown to midnight have begin . the party be building to a crescendo . it seem to have a surreal , nightmarish quality . she pass a mime in a clock suit , who keep adjust the hand closer to midnight . CUT to : int . suite 2203 as lenny enter the suite . it be very quiet . Dark . lenny 's heart be pound . he move through the luxurious suite , gun in the low-ready position . lenny can barely breathe from the tension . he notice that one balcony door be open . the roar of the crowd come in like the sound of surf from far below . firework explode across the sky , and the cheer sound like distant scream of slaughter . his foot crunch on break glass ... a shattered champagne bottle . a lamp be knock over . he reach the door to the bedroom and look in . the room be empty . the bed be unmade , the bedspread and sheet pull off . this be not right . none of this be right . CUT to : ext . STREET party / HOTEL mace be scan warily as she circle the hotel , look for a way back in . she turn and see engelman in the crowd , not twenty foot from she . he be look right at she . not recognize she for a moment . then ... he realize who she be . he start toward she and mace push people out of the way , break into a run . engelman charge after she , pull out he rover to call spreg . CUT to : int . penthouse / bonaventure lenny look back at the live room . suddenly he notice something on the coffee table . it be a envelope , with nero hand - print on it . he be draw to it , hypnotically . he open it ... ... and with a nightmarish sense of destiny a squid tape fall out into he hand . CUT to : ext . STREET - night now both spreg and engelman be stalking mace through the crowd . spreg catch a glimpse of she run and he charge after she , like a bull , with he gun draw . he hammer through anybody that get in he way . mace kick off she high heel and go flat out , a indian runner . sprint through the crowd , she see a apparition ahead of she ... a guy wear death 's head make - up and a black shroud , carry a huge cardboard scythe in one hand and a doll ( New Year 's baby ) in the other . death watch she pass . CUT to : int . penthouse / bonaventure lenny , move as if he 's in a trance , put the trode on he head . tight on the play button as he finger punch down . in Pov we approach room 2203 . it be the familiar monochromatic vision of the killer . we hand open the door quietly with a keycard . we enter the suite . some of the light be on . we see faith out on the balcony . watch the sea of madness below . she come back in , carry a empty champagne glass . she grab a bottle off a end - table and up - end it . empty . she hurl it across the room , and it shatter against the wall . we approach she , stand with she back to we . closer . only a few foot now . she whip around , startle . gasp loudly . but then ... she recognize the wearer . faith oh . I do not hear you come in . the recording stop , in a blast of static . lenny jerk at the discontinuity in the input , he be so key up . the recording restart : a new image resolve out of static . faith be push roughly down on the bed . we climb onto the bed , straddle she , and she gasp . we turn she onto she back . she have be blindfolded . the wearer go ssshhh . a warning . like the hiss of a snake . we hand seize she wrist and handcuff they one by one to the iron frame at the head of the bed . the hand go out of sight and then reappear hold a set of trode . they be place on she head ... the spidery gecko-hand device almost disappear in she black hair . lenny be gut have turn to water . he be shaking he head in horror ... lenny no , no , no ... in Pov we see one of we hand come up hold the yellow plastic razor knife . the blade click out to its full length . we hand reach down and slowly slit she dress open , start between she breast and go down out of sight . she groan , squirming away from the cold knife . the killer 's hand open the material , expose she white body , which in he peculiar vision be pure ivory . the knife deftly cut off she panty . we unbuckle we pants and reach for she , grasp she hip , pull she to we . on lenny , gag . overcome by revulsion and horror , mixing obscenely with the pleasure flooding into he from the tape . back to Pov as we pull we belt out of the belt loop of we pants and wrap it around faith 's neck . faith begin to pant in tiny rapid breath . we tighten the belt slowly . lenny tear the trode from he head . he clutches he stomach , gasp for breath . carry the playback deck , he stagger into the bedroom ... to the bed . he stare wildly around the room . one whole wall of the bedroom be mirrore . in the mirror he spot a shape , on the floor beyond the bed . it be cover in the bed sheet , but it be clearly a human form , propped up against the wall on the far side of the night stand . he miss it in he earlier look from the bedroom door . lenny move around the bed and reach down to the foot of the figure , grasp the edge of the sheet with a tremble hand . with horrify apprehension he pull on the sheet . it reveal the head and upper body of ... tran vo. the last thing he expect . lenny lean close and see that tran be breathe shallowly , but he eye be vacant . he look like tick do . lenny sit on the bed and put the trode back on . the firework and scream outside sound like some nightmarish war , like the sound of the world come to a end . but all lenny care about be what 's on the tape . he hit play . the Pov continue where it leave off . faith 's body lurch with the wearer 's thrust . his hand tighten the belt . lenny feel the climax building . faith 's body shake as the killer come ... she cry out herself , in pain ... or be it ? the killer hand release the belt . we see faith gasp for breath and moan . suddenly the Pov whip sideways to the mirrore closet door along one wall . in the mirror be a reflection of the bed and on it faith . and on she ... ... max . pant down , she leg pull up around he . they be both gasp for breath , spend , follow they shatter orgasm . he run he hand over she sweat - slick belly . lenny be stunne beyond he power to imagine . he do not have the strength or the will to stop the tape . in Pov Max 's hand remove she blindfold . she look right at we , still gasp with the aftershock of she pleasure . Max 's hand undo the handcuffs , freeing she . she reach for we , she eye glitter with sate lust . we slump forward onto she , and she face fill the Pov . faith I love you . lenny be reeling with this revelation . his best friend be the killer . and the woman he love love he . but the tape be not over ... the Pov continue as Max 's eye whip around in response to a sound behind they . the bedroom door be open . tran be stand there , stunne . maybe the first time he 's ever be surprised in he life . what a way to start . like lightning we be off the bed snatching we .45 from the night stand and whipping around ... put the muzzle right in tran 's face . we pull he roughly across the room , too stunne to resist . tran you be go to die , you be both go to fuck die . we slam he back against the mirror wall and jam the muzzle of the gun right in he mouth : a deadly gag . use the gun we push he down until he be sit on the floor with he back to the mirror . we eye whip to faith . she be freaking out . we see Max 's reflection in the mirror as he talk to she , talk fast . max this piece of puke hire I to kill you , baby . do you believe that ? be not that right , tran ? you pinhead . faith oh my God . I do not believe this be happen . max believe it . now bring I the trode , baby . come on , quick . faith what be you go to do ? still in a kind of stupor , she hand he the trode . Max put the trode on tran 's head , then pull something out of he pocket . it be a booster box . he plug it into the deck . he take the gain control and crank it all the way up . he 's set up a cook -off . tran 's eye go wide when he figure that out , start to splutter . faith you can not just ... kill he . max I be not . just a little poach job . faith Jesus . max hey , he be go to kill you . and this ratfuck pay to have Iris kill , to save he own sorry ass . tran freak at that point but Max jam the gun deep into he throat , up to the trigger guard , choke off he word . max you shut the fuck up , right now , I be gonna pull this fuckin ' trigger ! k- bang ! faith shriek , think Max shot he . but it 's just the start of the firework outside ( remember all this have already happen relative to lenny enter the suite ) . max look , baby , it 's now of never ... the guy be a know input junkie , so a little od will not surprise anybody . it 's the only way we can be together . you know it 's true . faith my God . we do not know if she reaction be to the horror of what be about to happen , or to the realization that she have the capacity to let it happen . max here 's how much I love you , baby . she stare , transfix , as Max reach for the deck . he punch play . Max put he hand over tran 's mouth to muffle he scream as the input hit he brain like a scream chainsaw of static from Hell . the scream outside , the pandemonium , give the moment a special madness . the Pov turn , look out the window ... stare fixedly at burst after burst of brilliant firework . like the firework inside tran 's head . the tape end . lenny take off the trode . he be wrung out , drench with sweat . we see that there be a figure stand in the doorway behind he . lenny turn , not surprised to see Max there with he .45 aim at lenny 's chest . Max 's surgical glove look incongruous with he tux . max do not make any assumption about we friendship , lenny . lenny stand up , slowly . lenny no. I suppose not . I do not know you be colorblind , Max . max only way I could stand you tie . Max move up to he cautiously , and take the Glock out of lenny 's waistband . max I will have that . Glock 22 . Nice . lenny where 's faith ? max I send she to the party . I figure I would wait up here until you kill tran . lenny what make you think I be gonna kill tran ? Max look out the window at the firework . wait for a flash , know that the bang will follow . keeping he own .45 on lenny , he aim lenny 's Glock at the catatonic tran . blam ! one right into tran 's forehead . the crack of thunder from the firework mask the sound . max you just do . lenny Jesus ! max you know , statistically that 's the second most common word people say right before they die . shit be number one . Max stick lenny 's Glock in he waistband , keep he own .45 train on lenny . lenny know the next bullet be for he . he do what he do best ... talk . lenny so ... I kill tran . then you run in , be on he payroll , and shot I . max that 's pretty much the way it happen . CUT to faith in the live room , move silently up to the edge of the door frame . she look through the crack between the door and the jam . her Pov : Max with the gun on lenny . lenny wait a minute . now I be remember . I kill Iris too , do not I ? max that 's right . they will find the original of she snuff clip in you apartment . the one I leave for you at the club be a copy . lenny be I a really busy guy ? do I do tick too ? max you bet . do you like it ? lenny drop the cutesy role . lenny so why Max ... why d'ya have to do Iris ? she never hurt anybody . cu faith , reacting to this . max picture it ... I feel like I gotta share this with somebody . it 's too perfect . lenny I will not say anything . max I know . so , I be work for this puke , right ? and he say he will pay I quite large to do the hooker . but also I gotta do he bitch girlfriend cause she know the whole score and she 's totally out of control . lenny nod . start to see it . max only he do not know about I and faith . so I say to myself , if I turn the job down , he just get somebody else . and I lose faith ... to coin a phrase . so to buy time , I do the skank . I still gotta do something about tran ... I figure it 's he or I ... but I can not cap he without a chump to take the fall . and who better than he girlfriend 's loser ex-boyfriend ... a know criminal ... who have be see hassling they in public numerous time . lenny and who be , regrettably , also you best fuck friend . max no plan be perfect , lenny . hey , cheer up . World 's gonna end in ten minute anyway . lenny you must be so pleased , I follow you jellybean trail right here , like a good little chump . max you get froggy on I a couple time . CUT to : the Underground garage , where tick have be cook - off . we see Max run he number on mace and lenny . lenny buy it . max ( v.o. ) I think that riff about the death squad be pretty good . I hadda keep you from bring the cop into it . and back again to real time . lenny so there never be a death squad . max naawww . lenny just that two loose - cannon cop run around cover they butt . max yeah . pretty zany , huh ? all this shit cause by a random traffic stop . hey ... nothing mean nothing . you know that . look around ... the whole planet 's in total chaos . you gotta take what you can , while you can . Cause some shitbird can come up and put a fuckin ' . 22 in the back a you head any second . CUT to : a brief , violent flash from the jeriko tape : spreg shoot jeriko . lenny how do you hook up with faith ? max this dink hire I a month ago to eyeball she , right ? but faith know I from you , right , so she come up to I and say , ' hey Max why you follow I ? ' I say , ' I will buy you a drink and explain . ' and she say ... faith ' so , do you enjoy watch I ? ' Max turn and see she in the doorway . max you be suppose to go downstairs , baby . faith I know . I do not always do exactly what I be tell . ( she walk slowly toward they ) so I say , ' do you enjoy watch I ? ' and you say -- come on Max . max I say , ' yeah . I would even do it for free . ' faith uh huh . and I say , ' that 's good , because I like the feel of someone watch I . I acquire the taste from lenny . ' lenny look between faith and Max , feel like the asshole of the western world . faith move up close to Max . she put she hand lightly on he shoulder , caress they . Max grin , realize she be 100 % with he . max ( to lenny ) and then she say , ' since we be go to be spend so much time together - - ' faith ' we might as well make the best of it . ' lenny ( crush ) Jesus , faith . faith run she hand appreciatively over Max 's shoulder and arm . then , in a eyeblink , she grab he forearm in both hand and deflect the gun . faith lenny !! lenny jump in , wrestle Max for the gun . faith pull the Glock out of Max 's waistband and throw it across the room . max Fucking bitch !! blam ! blam ! Max fire wildly , try to hit lenny , who be just barely keep the muzzle out of he face . faith grab Max 's hair , try to pull he away ... his " hair " come off in she hand . a prosthetic wig , contain the squid - net array . Max 's head be shave to a sinead O'Connor stubble . he look demonic , grimace with effort as he struggle with lenny . he continue fire . the shot hit the mirror . angle of the reflect image of they shatter . faith , scream , reflect , she face fragment into shard . the crystal chandelier shatter , reign glassy snow on they from above . Max be stronger and heavier than lenny , but lenny have one advantage : Max have manage to make he really angry . lenny give a guttural cry and drive Max backward into the doorframe . they tumble together into the live room , fall together over the couch . lenny pound Max 's hand against the glass coffee table , shatter it . he force Max 's hand along a glass edge , cut it , and Max drop the gun . lenny reach for it , but Max kick it away a split - second before he hand touch it . it skitter under the couch , out of play . Max punch lenny brutally in the face , then in the gut , and grab he with both hand . he hurl he against the wall . lenny stagger off the wall into several vicious punch from Max . we feel the tide turn . lenny go down to one knee . Max pull out he knife and flick it open . lenny throw a lamp . Max duck and charge through . lenny spin away from the downthrust . the knife embed itself in he shoulder blade , sink into the bone . lenny punch Max in the throat and jerk away , pull the knife handle out of Max 's hand . Max tackle he and they crash together through a slide glass door onto the balcony . explosion of fly glass . Max pull a daze lenny to he foot and rush he backward toward the railing . at the last instant , lenny twist with all he strength and spin Max into the railing , use he weight against he . he push hard and Max topple . as he be go over , Max grab lenny 's tie , pull he over . Max be dangle 12 storey above the oblivious crowd , he entire weight hang from lenny 's tie . lenny have one arm and one foot hook around the railing , and he be be strangle by the tie . lenny be start to black out . in agony he grope with he free hand to he own shoulder blade , find the handle of the knife . he jerk it out of himself . Max see it come a split second before it happen . lenny slashes the knife across the tie , just above Max 's hand . Max take the express elevator to Hell . he hit 12 storey down , on top of a video truck . lenny stand there panting , bleed down the back of he jacket . faith run to the railing and look down . all the strength go out of she leg . she sag to the floor . firework continue to boom across the sky . lenny look down at she , gaze at the object of he quest . she look up at he , she wet eye seemingly at the bottom of a deep well from which he cannot save she . he turn and walk away . it 's hard . but he keep walk . CUT to : ext . STREET - night down below , in the madness of the crowd , we move with spreg as he search for mace . he see she from behind , walk near one of the stage . he move up behind she , aim he pistol at the back of she head . she turn and ... ... it be not mace . another girl in a similar dress . spreg curse and look around . engelman catch a glimpse of mace run . he point to she position and spreg charge after she . he have he baton laid back along he forearm and be clubbing people out of the way as he run . mace sprint barefoot through the crowd , push people out of she way . strobe-light from the stage and flash from the firework give the crowd a nightmarish look . spreg fire at she . people drop , they scream drown out by the pandemonium . the gunshot do not register above the concussion from the firework . no one notice the shooting . spreg continue to fire , miss she as people block he shot . mace will not fire back in the crowd . on spreg , come to a stop at the base of a lighting tower . he have lose sight of she . he start to reload he pistol . mace come up to he silently from behind the tower and hammer punch he behind the ear with the butt of she pistol . spreg come around with a roar , slamm the baton across she forearm . her .380 clatter to the ground . mace bodyslam he back against the steel tower , smash she palm up under he chin . his head rap off the metal . mace be like a she-panther . she rip the baton out of he hand and crack he once across the windpipe . he drop to he knee , gag and unable to breathe . a shot hit the metal space - frame next to she head . she spin to see engelman , charge toward she . before he can fire again she drop behind the kneel , gasp spreg , use he as a human wall . she clamp a arm around he neck , control he , and pull he tazer from he belt . she shoot engelman in the chest from 8 foot . he convulse and drop instantly to the pavement , flopping like a fish . she hold the current on he while she go over and kick he gun away . she take engelman 's cuff from he belt . spreg glare at she through the blood run into he eye . she raise the baton . mace all the way down ! right now !! he slowly drop to the pavement , face down . now that she 's get they both prone out , she quickly handcuffs one of spreg 's hand to one of engelman 's . the crowd of partier stare . can not believe what they be see . mace take spreg 's cuff and attaches he other wrist to the base of the tower . that 's when three lapd cop in riot gear burst through the surround crowd and see a black girl crouching over two of LA 's finest with a police baton . the cop advance toward she . mace wait . let I tell you what 's go on here -- the nearest shoot she with a tazer . she spasm and go to she hand and knee . one of the cop kick she down . she cry out , try to explain , but she can not get the breath as the baton start to fall . the crowd around they watch fascinate , gasp . mace see another cop arrive and start to uncuff spreg . mace no !! no !!! they crack she with they baton , tell she to stay down . another one kick she in the stomach . a black kid in the crowd leap onto one of the kick cop . and then they come out of the crowd ... one , then three , then half a dozen . just normal people ... black , white , latino people ... that can not watch this happen any more . they jump the cop , swarm they , wrestle they down . it become a brawl . then cop be run in from everywhere . we see the trigger point of a full - scale riot . cop in full riot - gear , with lexan shield , push the crowd back , clear a space . a helicopter xenon come straight down from above , like the divine light of God . mace hug herself , at the center of it , unable to get up . within second there be twenty cop there , and more on the way , form a human wall . they get the crowd settle down . through the phalanx of riot cop come palmer strickland and several rank officer . he survey the scene . strickland look down at mace and then at spreg and engelman , who be get to they knee , though still handcuff to each other and the steel tower . the beat extend ... strickland unreadable , face stern as mose . then ... he point at the two prone cop . strickland ( to the nearest officer ) this two be under arrest for murder . strickland look spreg in the eye and hold up lenny 's squid tape . spreg and engelman react , know they be over . the helicopter xenon give the whole moment a otherworldly quality . like they be in some celestial court of judgment . strickland get some medical attention for this woman . lenny push through from behind strickland . he run to mace and kneel next to she . lenny be you okay ? a trickle of blood run down she face . she nod weakly and reach for he . they hug , then they both wince in pain . mace see the cop run in to arrest spreg and engelman . one of they unhook spreg from the tower . mace I get them , lenny . engelman lunge , grab a gun from the holster of the close cop . he wave they back with it . then put it in he mouth and fire . he topple against spreg , spraying he with he spurting blood . spreg clutches he , lowering he to the ground , bathing in he blood . you see he go insane , right at that moment . his face be suddenly demonic . spreg , the street - monster cop , rise in slow motion . his glare be fix on lenny and mace . he have engelman 's gun in one blood - drench hand . lift the dead weight of engelman by the handcuff , he begin to drag the body , lurching toward mace . he keep the pistol down along he side . spreg exist at the center of a circle of cop who do not know what to do . he have a gun so they can not rush he . but he 's a cop , so they can not shoot he . several officer shout at he to drop the weapon . you barely hear they over the pandemonium of the crowd , the helicopter , the firework . lenny shoot ! like a scene from a nightmare the blood - drench spreg , completely unhinge , lurch toward they . engelman 's body slide over the ground , leave a snail - track of blood a foot wide . spreg you fucking nigger bitch !! he raise engelman 's pistol , point it at she and ... lenny throw himself across she , turn he back to take the fire , and ... pow pow pow ! the lapd execute spreg in a hail of fire . he drop like a sack of cement . the smoke clear . lenny blink ... realize he be alive . he faint . mace shake he , think he be shot . he open he eye . lenny yeah , what ? CUT to several minute later . mace and lenny be be escort through the crowd by strickland and a number of cop who part the rowdy mob before they . lenny and mace be both limping , bruise , cut up . lenny 's arm be drench with blood from he shoulder wound . they support each other like two soldier after a battle . mace see faith ... faith , escort by a couple of cop , pass near they . she be in handcuffs and she eye be dull . mace turn back to lenny ... mace be we under arrest ? lenny naw . they just have to ask we a few question ... for about six hour . they pass death , with the ( plastic ) baby still in he arm . life out of death in the endless continuum . lenny push the scythe out of the way so they can get past . they reach a row of police car and a ambulance . the emt guy run to lenny , help he painfully out of he suit jacket . strickland motion mace toward a wait squad car . lenny see ... the clock mime , who smile at he and put he hand at midnight . we hear a roar pass through the crowd . a huge chant and cheer , that become thunderous as everyone begin to shout the countdown to midnight . crowd ten ! nine ! EIGHT !... lenny and mace look around ... the wonder of it sink in . crowd seven ! six ! five !... mace and lenny let it wash over they ... the deliverance from darkness . crowd four ! three ! two ! one ! happy new year ! the exultation of the moment flow through they as the people lift they voice in a great cheer . balloon be release , confetti and streamer fly in a blizzard . couple grab each other and kiss passionately . mace ( grin ) hey , lenny . we make it . lenny yeah . we do . she hug he . then pull back . Friends ... yes . and always . but there 's that line that she can not cross . only he can do that . mace well ... ( she shrug ) get go . you be still bleed . lenny see you downtown . mace yeah . see you there . tracking with lenny as he walk toward the ambulance . they open the back door for he . the walk be hallucinatory ... with confetti fall like snow , and the hysteria of the crowd . he look back at mace as the paramedics help he up into the ambulance . the back door close . on mace , watch he go . a cop gently take she arm , open the squad car door for she . she turn away , she face sad amid the exultation of the crowd . she get into the back seat . the door slam . strickland get in next to she . the driver start the car . they start to move , and ... there be pound on the glass , startling she , and ... the door be wrench open ... a hand come in , grab she arm , pull she out ... lenny . his eye be full of emotion . he grab she in he arm , fiercely , and kiss she ... like there 's no tomorrow . she grab he head and will not let he break , even if he want to , which he do not . strickland , in the car , roll he eye and look at he watch . reflex . because if there 's one time you do not need a watch , it 's ... 12:01 a.m. JANUARY 1 , 2000 pull back and up as lenny and mace stay lock together , while the cop wait for they , and the world begin again . the end --------------------------------------------------------------