montauk Pilot written by the duffer Brothers paradigm 360 North Crescent drive North Building beverly Hills , CA 90210 Tel : 310-288-8000 fax : 310-288-2000 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library title over black : 1942 . world war ii . the UNITED states build a military base at the eastern -most point of montauk , new york . it span 278 acre . it be call camp hero . 1972 . the cold war . a allege series of top - secret experiment begin to take place at camp hero . december , 1980 . camp hero be shut down for undisclosed reason . to this day , its record remain classified ... ext . montauk sky - night we fade up on the night sky . Dark cloud swallow the star . we hear a low-end rumble . it sound almost like thunder , only it be somehow more alive . like the growl of a unseen beast . we tilt down to find ... camp hero military base . it be a impose cement building in a dense forest . a long -range search radar dish rotate atop its roof . around and around . superimpose title : camp hero . montauk , new york . october 5 . 1980 . two month before the shutdown . int . camp hero - tunnel system - night we move down a long windowless corridor . there be a steel door at the end . we draw closer to this door ... and closer ... and ... whoom ! the door suddenly explode OPEN . the hinges shriek . a scientist stagger out into the corridor . he be gasp for breath . a hazmat suit melt off he body . we can see some skin beneath ; it be burn , shred , bloody . his entire leave arm be miss . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library he collapse to the floor . twitches . still . Dead . his eye remain open . frozen in a look of sheer terror . we continue past he ... move into ... a laboratory . a dozen more scientist lie dead on the ground . they too , be burn ; many also miss limb . some , head . we survey the lab around they . there be bulky computer , mysterious analog equipment , and most strike of all : a isolation tank , a upright metal cylinder fill with water . a tangle of electrical wire connect this tank to ... a metal door frame . the door lead nowhere ; there be just empty white space behind it . the base of the door be on fire . we watch as this fire begin to spread across the lab . the flame grow hotter ... and hotter ... and ... hiss ! FIRE sprinklers kick on . ext . suburban neighborhood - night hiss ! lawn sprinklers kick on . we be now in a 1980 suburban cul -de - sac . quiet . calm . a row of uniform house wind up the tree-line street ; station wagon and other family car fill driveway ; tv set flicker behind draw curtain ; a few dog bark . we hear the voice of a young boy . Dramatic , intense . mike ( 0.s. ) do you hear that ? listen ... we focus on a two - story house at the end of the cul - de-sac . the mailbox read : the wheeler . mike ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) something be come ... something hungry for blood ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . wheeler house - mike 's room - night a group of boy , 12 year old , play dungeon and dragon . they sit in a circle , they knobby knee bury in carpet . a map be spread out between they , along with a empty pizza box , can coke , and the all - important dungeon and dragon monster manual . mike wheeler , 12 , be the '' dungeon master . '' he be a cute moppy haire kid , classically good look except for a birthmark on he leave cheek . mike ( cont 'd ) a shadow grow on the wall behind you ... swallow you in darkness ... it be almost here ... the other boy lean forward . riveted . we survey they : luca conley , 12 , play as a knight . he be very small but he loud mouth more than make up for it . dustin henderson , 12 , play as a dwarf . he wear glass , be overweight , not quite fat , but he will get there someday . will byer , 12 , play as a wizard . Soft -spoken , gentle . will -.- what be it ? dustin the demogorgon ? will we be screw if it 's the demogorgon -— luca it 's not the demogorgon -- Mike wait for they to settle down . then : mike a army of troglodytes charge into the chamber ! he slam six winged miniature onto the map . mike ( cont 'd ) they tail drum the floor . boom ! boom ! boom ! dustin troglodytes ?! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library luca toldja ! dustin easy . Mike look over he shoulder . his eye grow wide . mike wait ... do you hear that ? boom ! boom ! boom ! that sound ... it do not come from the troglodytes . no . it come from something behind they ... Mike slam a large two - head monster miniature onto the map . mike ( cont 'd ) the demogorgon . the boy stare . shit . luca we be all gonna die . mike will , you action . will swallow . God , he wish it be not he turn . will I -- I do not know -- luca fireball he -- will I would have to roll thirteen or higher -- dustin too risky . cast a protection spell -- luca do not be a pussy ! fireball he ! dustin Protection spell -- ! mike the demogorgon be tired of you silly human bicker . it step toward you . boom ! luca fireball he will ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library mike another step . boom ! dustin cast protection ! mike it roar in anger -- luca dustin fireball -- ! Protection -- mike ( cont 'd ) and -- will fireball ! will roll the dice . too hard . the dice scatter to the other side of the room . it land in front of the bedroom door . luca what be it ?! will I do not know ! dustin be it a thirteen ? will I don ’t know ! the boy scramble to look at the dice when -- whoom ! the bedroom door swing open . the boy look up to find ... karen wheeler , late 30 , Mike 's mom . short blonde hair , conservative blouse , blue jeans hike high above she waist . mike Mom , we be in the middle of a campaign -- ! karen you mean the end . she tap she watch . karen ( cont 'd ) Fifteen after . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . wheeler house - stair - night Mike chase he mom down the stair . mike just twenty more minute -- karen it 's a school night , Michael , and I just put Holly to bed . you can finish next weekend -- mike that 'il ruin the flow -- karen Michael -- mike I be serious , Mom ! it take two week to design . how be I suppose to know it have take seven hour -- ? karen you have be play seven hour ?! they reach ... the live room . Mike 's dad , ted , 45 , be watch '' chip . '' or try to . the signal be terrible ; a snowstorm of static obscure the image . he smack the tv . mike dad , do not you think -- ? ted ( not even listen ) I think you should listen to you mother . daggum piece of junk ! he smack the tv again . the static flare . back upstair in mike 's room , Lucas , Dustin , and will stuff belonging into backpack . will do the seven count ? luca it be a seven ?! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library will nod . luca ( cont 'd ) do Mike see it ? will shake he head . luca ( cont 'd ) then it do not count . the upstair hallway - moment later Dustin and will bound down the stair . Lucas do not follow . he peer through a crack door into ... nancy wheeler' room . this be Mike 's sister , 16 , girl - next - door pretty . she be on she bed in pajamas , a phone in hand , finger twist its cord , slender leg kick in the air . Lucas angle himself in such a way that he can see Nancy in the reflection of she vanity mirror . nancy I know , I know , but -- I do not think so -- yeah , he 's cute , but -- barb -- barb ! -- listen to I -- Nancy turn around on she bed . spot Lucas in the mirror . her smile drop . nancy ( cont 'd ) the hell luca ! get outta my room ! she leap out of bed and storm over to he . luca I be not in you room -- nancy ( into phone ) one of Mike 's loser friend -- luca -- not technically -- wham ! Nancy slam the door . ext. / int the wheeler garage - night Lucas explode into the garage . excite . luca she know my name ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 8. Dustin and will be mount bike ; Mike be see they off . will who -- ? luca nancy ! mike I be not listen to this -- dustin she 's get a boyfriend now -- luca do not -- dustin do too -- Mike cover he ear . mike not listen -- will Dustin 's right . I have see she hang around that Steve guy -- mike not listening -- luca Steve harrington ? he 's cool -- dustin she 's cool . you lose you chance . should have go for she when she have brace and no boob . luca I be play the long game . dustin oh , yeah , I be sure a growth spurt will really do it for you , Lucas ... the boy bike out of the garage , argue as they go . Mike take he hand off he ear . he can not help but smile . then : bzzzz2z . the light above he begin to flicker . strange . Mike switch it off and head back inside . we return we gaze to the light . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library it sputter back on . and ... ext . montauk neighborhood - night whoosh ! the boy bike home . they handlebar light wink in the night . and good thing , because it 's dark out here , as in , very dark . montauk be coastal , but it 's more akin to live out in the country . Lucas peel off from the group . luca see ya , lady . dustin kiss you mom ' night for I . Lucas flip he the bird and bike up a driveway towards he two - story house . almost identical to Mike 's , a little larger . will and Dustin bike on in silence for a beat , then : dustin ( cont 'd ) Race to my place ? loser get a comic ? will any comic ? dustin yeah -- will have hear enough . he start pedale . fast . dustin ( cont 'd ) shit ! Dustin pedal in pursuit . but he 's already behind . and ... a few minute later . will whizze past a house at the far end of neighborhood . he wave at Dustin . now fifty yard back . will I ’1ll take you X - Men uncanny two - six -nine ! Dustin stop . out-of-breath . dustin ( really bum ) ..- man. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . ext . forest road - later will be now bike along a empty forest road . all alone . he life much further out than the rest of he friend . it be even darker out here and quiet ; unnervingly so . only the sound of cicadas and a gentle breeze to keep he company . he bike past a large metal fence . a warning sign read : authorized vehicle only . no trespassing . we be near Camp hero . will suddenly notice something strange : the hair on the back of he arm be stand straight up . it 's like he 's in the middle of a massive electrical storm . and perhaps he be ... a low-end rumble reverberate above he . he look up . see nothing but darkness . Cloud over the moon . he look back down . his eye shoot wide . a tall figure stand in the middle of the road . will spin the wheel -- lose control -- he veer off the road -- and explode into -- the forest . the bike fly down a steep hill and -- crash . will fly off the bike . he skid , roll , eat dirt . as he lie there on the ground , gasp for air , he hear : strange guttural sound . coming from behind he . he push to he foot and turn to the sound . foliage shudder . the sound grow . something be come . will abandon he bike -- and _ run . ext . montauk beach -- night will burst out onto the beach . the wind whip he clothes . wave crash the shore . Roaring . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . moment later . he race up a dune toward a house . his house . it be small , lower class , and fall apart after decade of abuse from the batter ocean wind . but it offer safety . int . the byer house -- night will slam the door shut behind he and bolt the lock . a shaggy mutt , chester , race to greet he . will ignore he , call for he family . will mom ?! jonathan ?! mom ?! there be no answer . he check he moma bedroom . his brother 's bedroom . no one be home . he be all alone . int . the byer house - live room will scramble back to the live room window . he cup he hand to the glass and peer out into the yard . it be dark . murky . quiet . a gust of wind blow and ... Day -old laundry flutter on a clothes line to reveal ... that figure again . just stand there amongst the billowing laundry . we can't make out any feature , but its proportion seem ... off . its head be too large . its arm too long . its body swolen and bent in a strange , twisted shape . another gust of wind . the clothes flutter again and ... the figure be go . will pale . his heart in he throat . int . kitchen - moment later will rip a phone off the kitchen wall . dial 911 . but -- it do not ring . just hum with low-end static . will hello ?! hello -- ?! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . will pause . he hear something on the other line . but not a voice ... it be that guttural SOUND he hear in the forest . the pitch rise and fall , make a series of strange sound . word ? it be as if the figure ... whoever ... whatever it be ... be somehow speak to he through the phone receiver . behind he , Chester begin to growl at the front door . will lower the phone . and look back at the door . a shadow fill the crack at the base of the door . and then somehow , impossibly , the chain bolt begin to slide open , as if draw by a invisible hand . the metal shriek . will drop the phone and -- ext . byer house - night whoom ! will explode out the back screen door . he sprint into a old wooden shed and -- int . shed - moment later wham ! he slam the shed door behind he . breathe hard . his eye dart . search for something . the shed be cluttere and dark , light only by a naked light bulb , hang from the ceiling . the bulb buzze , flicker . at last he spot it : a old remington rifle . dusty . hanging on a wall mount . will yank it down , retrieve a few ammo shell from a work bench , and load the rifle as fast as he can , which be not very fast at all ; he be so scared he hand sweat and shake . thud . thud . thud . heavy footstep echo . then guttural noise . will look back to the shed door . they shudder and moan . and then , slowly ... ever slowly ... they begin to yawn open . will finish load the rifle . he snap the chamber shut and aim it at the door . the rifle tremble in he hand . the shed door slowly yawn open the rest of way . it ... whatever it be ... enter the shed . we still do not show it in full , but we catch glimpsis of it in the flicker light . misshapen , withere , pale , slick . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . will do not fire . he just stare . paralyze by fear . the hair on he arm stand up again . his ear begin to drip blood . and then he nose . he fight tear . will ... p- please -- a high - pitched shrieking SOUND suddenly fill the shed . we don ’t see what happens to will ; we just watch that naked dangling light bulb . it glow brighter and brighter and brighter , filling the shed with overwhelming white light . we think the glass of the bulb be go to shatter but then -- the terrible shrieking sound abruptly stop . the bulb dim . returning to normal wattage . we pull away from the light . the shed be empty . will have vanish . end act one script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 . act two int . hopper 's house - morning beeeeeeee ! a alarm clock blast . a hand smashes it , shutting it up . the hand belong to : jim hopper , or '' hop , '' early 40s . he be sprawle on a sofa , shirtless , wear only a pair of wear Levi jeans . his house be a mess , cluttere with beer bottle , cigarette butt , and plastic vial . a local newsman drone on a dusty eight - inch tv : news anchorman ... report of surge and outage across the county ... we reach out to Public service and Gas and ... hop sit up . a ray of SUN slice through blind . strike he . he squint . grimace . hungover . ext . hopper 's house - morning Hopper step out onto a decrepit porch . drag on a cigarette . his shack - like house be perch on the shore of the beach . the beach be desert now ; tourist season have come and go . it 's a bit lonely out here . but damn if it be not beautiful . hop rub he arm . get cold now . enough beauty for now . he flick he cigarette to the sand . int . hopper 's house - bathroom - a little later Hopper study he stubble in the mirror . consider shave . do not . moment later Hopper pop open a plastic vial label tuinal . he shake out two capsule . Red and blue . scoops a mouthful of water . wash they down . int . hopper 's house - bathroom - a little later Hopper shower . Water pour down he weary face . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . int . hopper 's house - bedroom - a little later Hopper dress . he yank on a pair of brown pants ... a match brown collare shirt ... a belt with a holster ... a 9mm glock ... and lastly , he clip on a gold badge . it read : montauk police . chief . moment later . Hopper head out the door . we watch through the smudge window as he climb into chevy blazer police car . mustard side . Square siren . as he peel away , we dolly toward a framed photograph hang on the wall . in it , a young Hopper stand with a pretty wife . he cradle a little girl in he arm . he look like a different man . he look happy . ext . byer house - morning silence outside the byer house . the wind have die down . the laundry no longer flutter . the shed be quiet . int . byer house - kitchen - morning jonathan byer , 16 , will 's older brother , cook breakfast . he be lanky with dark hair to he shoulder . he 's quietly handsome ... but he would not believe it if you tell he . joyce ( 0.s. ) where the fuck be they ?! his mom , joyce byer , late 30 , race past . she wear a peach waitress uniform and too much make -up . she have a Long Island accent , which come out even stronger when she curse . joyce ( cont 'd ) fuckfuckfuck -- jonathan check the couch . Joyce do . she find she key under a cushion . thank god. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 . she snatch they up , give Jonathan a quick peck on the cheek , and race for the door , only to pause at the last second . she turn back to Jonathan . joyce -- will ? where 's will ? jonathan sleep I guess . joyce you gotta make sure he 's up , Jonathan , how many time -- ?! jonathan I be make breakfast -- joyce and I work two job . only one if I be late again . Joyce storm to will 's room . ranting as she go . joyce ( cont 'd ) then how will we pay the bill ?! you think you can feed this family work two night a week at a movie house ? we ’1ll be out on the goddamn street -- int . dustin 's room - moment later Joyce throw open the door to will 's room . silence . int . kitchen - moment later she stride back over to Jonathan . worried now . joyce will come home last night , right ? jonathan he 's not in he room ? joyce he come home or not ? jonathan I do not know -- joyce you do not know ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 . jonathan I be at the dark room late . I ... I guess I lose track of time -- joyce I tell you to wait up for he , Jonathan , I specifically tell you -- jonathan he be over at the wheeler 's all day . I be sure he just stay over . joyce seriously Jonathan ? seriously ? jonathan I be sorry -- joyce fuck ! Joyce grab the kitchen wall phone . mash a number . intercut with : int . the wheeler house - kitchen - morning a wall phone ring at the wheeler . it be chaos over here . Mike be grab syrup from a cabinet ; Nancy be eat scramble egg , holly , 3 , be cry ; Ted be watch the morning news ; and now the phone be ringing . the fuck phone . Karen answer . Holly squirm in she arm . karen hello ? joyce Karen -- it 's Joyce . karen Joyce , hi -- behind she , Mike pour syrup onto he scramble egg . nancy that 's disgusting . mike it 's good , swear . Mike squeeze some onto Nancy 's egg . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . nancy what the fuck mike ?! ted hey ! language ! ! Karen put the phone on she shoulder . she can not hear Joyce . karen quiet ! ( back to Joyce ) I be sorry , one of that morning -- joyce be that will I hear back there ? karen will ? no , no -- just Michael . joyce will do not spend the night ? karen ..- no . he , he leave here a little after eight . ( worried now ) he 's not home ? int . byer house - morning Joyce try to hide she panic . joyce I -- I be work late last night . I be sure he just leave early for school . thanks ... thanks Karen -- Joyce hang up the phone . she look scared . and so do Jonathan . he race for the door . throw on a dark coat . joyce ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? jonathan to look for will . joyce Jonathan wait -- jonathan call the school . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . the door slam shut . ext . montauk middle school - morning eeeeeeeee ! a electronic bell blare . we be outside montauk public school , a quaint one - story brick building . a american flag wave in the breeze . Mike pull up on he bike . he slot it into a bike rack . voice ( 0.s. ) Holy shit wheeler ! Mike look up to find two older kid , jame and troy , 14 , stride over to he . they be stare at he birthmark . troy I think it grow over the weekend ! jame you really gotta get that look at , wheeler ! might be cancer or some shit ! they laugh . Mike simply ignore they . this be a regular occurrence and this be how he handle it : with passivity . today , at least , it work : James and Troy shove past he . Lucas pull up on he bike . glare at the bully . luca asshole . Mike shrug it off like it 's no big deal , even though it clearly be . but he mood brighten when he spot ... jennifer haye . freckle , cute , with a gaggle of popular friend . Lucas punch Mike in the arm . luca ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Mike ! reflection ! mike what ? luca reflection . use they , remember ? you can not just stare like some creeper . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . mike I be not stare . the boy begin to walk toward school . mike ( cont 'd ) you see will around ? luca no -- why ? mike I do not know -- he mom call this morning , look for he . luca I be sure he 's just in class . mike yeah ... Mike 's gaze drift back over Jennifer . Lucas punch he again . luca reflection ! int . station wagon - school parking lot - morning Nancy gauge she reflection in the rearview mirror . she be in the driver 's seat of a hand -me- down 1972 station wagon . '' crazy Little thing call Love '' by Queen play on the radio . she fuss over herself , carefully apply she mascara and blush , but she be unhappy with everything . the song begin to skip . the radio signal stutter . Nancy look down at in confusion . what the hell ? a warning bell blare . out of time . fuck . ext . long island high school - a few minute later Nancy exit the station wagon and hurry toward school . int . montauk high school - morning - later Nancy wade through a bustling hallway . barbara , 16 , she best friend , brace , catch up . barbara so ? do he call ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21. nancy keep you voice down -- barbara do he ?! Nancy shake she head . walk up to she locker . nancy I tell you , he do not like I . Barbara shoot she a look . nancy ( cont 'd ) okay , I mean , yes , fine , he like I , you know , but not like that -- Nancy silence . there be a fold note tape to the inside she locker . it be address '' nancy . '' she open it . it read : meet I . girl bathroom . steve . Nancy look up at Barbara . speechless . barbara you be say , nance ? int . girl 's bathroom - moment later Nancy slip into the girl 's bathroom . it look vacant . whoom ! someone grab she and spin she around . it be ... steve harrington , 17 , wealthy , athletic , charm to spare . nancy Steve ! shit . you scared I . she playfully shove he back , but Steve just move closer . he put he hand on she waist and kiss she on the mouth . nancy ( cont 'd ) Steve -- what be you do ...? he kiss she again . Nancy blushes and shrink away . nancy ( cont 'd ) ..- have you be drink ? Steve ? Steve do not answer . he just kiss she some more . body press up against hers . Nancy give in , consume by hormonal lust , when ... the bell ring again . final warning . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22. Nancy crash back to reality . she quickly pull away from Steve and hurry toward the door . completely flustered . nancy ( cont 'd ) I -- I have to go -- but Steve grab she hand , hold she back . steve five more minute -- nancy I can not -- I have Mrs. kreitzberg first period , she always give a pop quiz -- steve what about tonight ? nancy what -- ? steve there 's gonna be bonfire at turtle cove . chrissy will be there , donna , so will Tommy L. and Tommy h . -- nancy I ... I have a chemistry test tomorrow -- steve what 's you gpa again ? Three point ninenineineninenine -- ? nancy shut up ! steve come on . it 'il be good time . she hesitates . waver . nancy can I bring barb ? steve bring Mrs. kreitzberg for all I care . nancy ( laugh ) maybe . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23. steve maybe you 'il bring Mrs. kreitzberg ? or maybe you 's 1ll come ? nancy just ... maybe . Nancy hurry out of the bathroom . try to hide she smile . Steve grin . he know he get she . hook , line , and sinker . ext . montauk police station - morning a american flag flutter in the wind . High on a flagpole . we be outside the montauk police station . it be quaint . as in , really quaint . if the sign out front do not read police , you have probably mistake it for a gift shop . a chevy blazer police car squeal into the lot . Hopper exit . dragging on another cigarette . still hungover . ext . montauk police station - morning Hopper lumber inside . beeline for the coffee machine . deputy callahan and deputy powell look up from a game of five card draw , they cowboy boot kick up on they desk . the mood here be casual , to say the least . deputy callahan you look like shit , Chief . hopper you wife look worse when I leave she . Hopper begin to make himself a cup of coffee . his secretary , florence , 61 , approach . pad and pen in hand . florence tell you boy to get they foot off the desk . this i not a barn . Hopper snap he finger . the deputy roll they eye but oblige . Florence adjust she glass and consult a note pad . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24. florence ( cont 'd ) while you be sleep or drink or whatever it be you deem so important on Monday morning , Carl blackburn come by the office , say he see Earl and he boy spearfish -- hopper ( will not look into it ) tell he I x11 look into it -- florence -- and Terry ive call again , yammer on about some more activity last night at Camp hero -- hopper tell he I have see that twilight Zone . no , scratch that , do not encourage he . if he call again , cite he for waste my time . florence it be precious . hopper damn straight . Hopper carry he coffee to he office . Florence trail . florence another thing . Joyce byer , she can not find she son this mornin 's -- hopper ( will not look into it ) I 'il look into it . Hopper walk into he office . he crash to a stop . Joyce be already in he office . and she do not look happy . int . hooper 's office - morning whap ! whap ! whap ! type hammer slam ink onto a police report . a single , ominous word form one letter at a time : '' missing . '' Hopper look up from the typewriter . he now have on a pair of read glass , which lend he a more earnest look . his desk , however , shatter the illusion ; it 's cluttere with paper and mug and candy wrappers , like the desk of a child . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25. Joyce pace . dragging on cigarette . she 's on edge . so far out she might just fall right off . joyce I have be wait a hour -- hopper and I apologize again -- joyce a goddamn hour -- hopper I understand . but a boy he age , most likely he 's play hookie -- joyce not my will , no . he would not do that . he 's not like that -- hopper you never know . my mother think I be on the debate team , when really I be screwing chrissy carpenter in the back of my dad 's boat -- joyce will 's not like you . he 's not like I . he 's not like most . she 's take another drag on she cigarette . fights tear . joyce ( cont 'd ) he 's get a couple of friend . but everyone else , they -- they make fun of he . call he name , laugh at he , he clothes -- hopper his clothes ? what 's wrong with he clothes ? joyce too ... too colorful -- I , I do not know . do it fuck matter ? hopper maybe . Joyce take another drag . joyce he 's just ... different , alright ? lonnie ... lonnie always say he be queer -- call he a fag . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26. hopper be he ? joyce what ? hopper a fag . joyce he 's miss . that 's what he be . Hopper scratch he stubble . hopper you hear from lonnie lately ? Joyce hesitates . this be a uncomfortable subject . joyce he be in Philly last I hear . that be ' bout a year ago . but he 's get nothing to do with this . he do not give two shit about that boy . Hopper rummages around he desk . unearth a pen and a pad . hopper what 's he number ? joyce I tell you , lonnie 's get nothin to do with this -- hopper kid go miss , ninety - nine time outta a hundred the kid 's with a parent or relative -- joyce what about the other time ? hopper what ? joyce you say ninety - nine outta hundred . what about the other time ? the one . Hopper remove he read glass . leans forward . hopper this be montauk , Joyce . in four year , you know the worst thing I have see ? you know what it be ? ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . hopper ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) when that seagull attack Eleanor gillepsie . think she hair be a nest . be about five second from shittin’ a egg when we show . Hopper chuckle at the memory . try to lighten the mood . Joyce begin to relax a little . but only a little . joyce I 'il call lonnie . he 'il talk to I before he talk to a -- hopper pig ? joyce cop . Joyce sit down . she snuff she cigarette in a ashtray . then she look back up at Hopper . her eye be bloodshot . glassy . joyce ( cont 'd ) you find my son , hop. find he . Hopper take this in . all at once he feel burden with a responsibility he do not want . he find he composure , nudge he glass back on he nose , and resume type . whap ! whap ! whap ! Hammer type slam paper . int . camp hero - subterranean tunnel system - day whap ! whap ! whap ! shoe slam tile . three agent stride briskly down Camp hero 's underground tunnel . they wear glove , gas mask , plastic overshoe . int . camp hero - laboratory - day the Agents enter the laboratory . or what still remain of it . medical officer in hazmat suit place bloody body part into plastic bag , mop up blood , and remove char equipment . agent one remove he gas mask . he have slicked back hair . pierce green eye . agent two Sir , you mask -- agent one ignore he . he walk over to the isolation tank . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28. he open its cylindrical roof . a ladder slither down into water . a tangle of wire and electrode float on the surface . this tank once hold someone . something ? he turn back to the other . agent one where be eleven ? agent three we do not know . agent one consider . his gaze shift to a surveillance camera on the ceiling . int . camp hero - surveillance room - day a engineer toggle through surveillance footage . the Agents stand behind he . make he nervous . engineer okay , this be it ... the engineer hit play . low definition video show we the laboratory from last night , only now we be back in time ; the scientist be still very much alive , huddle around that strange metal door frame . there be a confusion of activity , shouting , follow by a violent burst of a light . it look like a explosion . then ... hiss ! static engulf the surveillance image . beneath this static , we glimpse shadowed movement . but just for a few frame . and then the static dissipate to reveal ... the scientist dead on the ground . blood everywhere . one of the scientist climb to he foot . still alive . he stagger out the door and into the corridor . we be back to the beginning of we story . the video snap to black . engineer ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing else . all the camera -- they just ... cut out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . agent one go back . ten second . the engineer wipe sweat from he forehead . rewind . agent one ( cont ’d ) there . the engineer pause the tape . agent one ( cont ’d ) go forward . four frame . the engineer comply . one frame ... two ... Three ... four . there be someone ... something ... capture on the video . it be obscure beneath static , but we see enough to know that this be the figure that will see last night . for the first time , we glimpse its small black eye , bury in pocket of pale , withere flesh . agent two ( low ) ..- what the hell be that ...? a beat . agent one eleven will know . ( beat ) find she . agent one stride away . the door slam shut behind he . Agents two and three return they gaze to the monitor . frightened . the freeze video wave and undulate . make the figure appear to bend , stutter . make it seem almost ... alive . end act two script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . act three ext . wood - day a young girl , 10 , emerge out of the wood . she make a immediate impression on we : her hair be buzze close to the scalp . her foot be bare . her skin be pale . she wear a tatter white hospital gown spatter with blood . she be more like a wild animal than a child . ext . empty road - day the Young girl pad barefoot down a empty road . she see a run - down restaurant in the distance . a rusted sign read : '' benny 's fish ' N fry . '' ext . benny 's fish ' N fry - day the Young girl approach the restaurant . she stand on she tiptoe and peer into a smudge window . benny hammond , late 40s , lumber past the window carry three plate of fish and chip . he have leathery skin , sleeve tattoo , and a greasy apron wrap around he waist . he drop the plate off at a table of elderly regular . they chain -smoke , speak with thick islander accent . regular # 1 benny , you hear ' bout Earl and the chicken ? benny the chicken ? what chicken ? regular # 2 Earl , see , he want to bring a crate of chicken ' board mundo 's boat , think it have be a fine idea to feed ‘em to the great white -- benny guffaw as regular # 2 continue he yarn . but the Young girl be only interested in they food . she 's starve . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31. ext . back of benny' restaurant - moment later the girl sneak around the back of the restaurant . there be a giant rottweiler lie out front of the back door . its fat belly rise and fall . rise and fall . it 's asleep . the girl watch it for a moment . make sure it do not wake . and then sneak inside . int . fish ' N fry - kitchen - moment later the Young girl find herself in a greasy kitchen . french fry sizzle in a deep fryer . oil spit . she startles . she hurry past and push through a door into ... a storage room . a rusty freezer hum against the back wall . the girl yank back on the handle . it yawn open . her eye shoot wide . the shelf be pack with fresh fish . she snatch up a deepwater cod . so big that she can hardly hold it in she tiny hand . she turn it over onto its side , study it , smell it . have she never see fish before ? she bite its fat glisten belly and -- freezes again . listen . benny ( 0.s. ) stick with narragansett , Earl ? regular # 2 ( 0.s. ) ya gotta ask ? she hear lumbering footstep . someone be come this way . she grab up as many fish as she can carry and -- int . fish ' N fry - kitchen the girl charge back into the kitchen . Fish in arm . benny spot she . shout : benny hey -- ! the girl bolt for the back door . she knock over the deep fryer and send a rain of hot oil splash onto the floor . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32. benny leap away . narrowly avoid the oil . benny ( cont ’d ) sonofa -- ! ext . back of benny' restaurant - moment later whoom ! the girl explode out the screen door and -- crashes to a halt . the rottweiler stand in she path . awake . it bare its tooth and snarl angrily and -- wham ! benny grab the girl by the shoulder . benny think you can steal from I , boy ! benny whirl she around . his expression promptly soften as he realize that this be no boy at all . it 's also not a girl either , not exactly , at least not like any he have ever see . regular # 2 , draw by the commotion , step outside . regular # 2 what have you catch there , benny ? benny look back at the Young girl . she writhes in he arm . he notice she hospital gown . spatter in blood . benny .-.- I get no idea . int . montauk middle school - science CLASS - day mr. clarke , 30 , pace in front of a middle school class . he be magnetic , smart . handsome too . the girl ogle . mr . clarke who here enjoy mystery ? all of the girl immediately shoot up they hand . most of the boy do too , include Mike , Lucas , and Dustin . mr . clarke ( cont 'd ) good , good . because I want you to start think of this class as a investigation into the great mystery know to man . you 'il need to learn to think beyond you own sense . this mean use you imagination . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. mr . clarke ( cont 'd ) I do not know how many of you watch cosmos like I ask ... ( more hand ) ... you may remember something Carl sagan say : " imagination will often carry we to world that never be , but without it ... we go nowhere -- '' a sharp knocking SOUND interrupt . Mr. Clarke turn . the vice principal be stand in the doorway . vice principal sorry to interrupt ... may I borrow Michael , Lucas , and Dustin ? Chief Hopper and deputy callahan now step into view . the stunne class look from the cop to we kid . Mike , Lucas , and Dustin stare . hopper ( pre - lap ) .+- so you be ... racing ? int . principal 's office - a few minute later we three boy be now scrunch together on a couch . Hopper and callahan sit opposite . dustin it be I and he , actually -- luca my house be the first up - mike he take mirkwood home -- dustin we be racing on a bet and -- hopper whoa , whoa , whoa . one at a time . ( point at Mike ) you . you say he take ... what ? mike mirkwood -- hopper mirkwood ? ( to callahan ) you ever hear of a mirkwood ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34. callahan sound make up . luca it 's from Lord of the ring -- dustin the hobbit -- luca it do not matter -- ! dustin he ask -- ! hopper hey ! what would I just say ? one at a goddamn time . he point at Mike . hopper ( cont 'd ) you . mike mirkwood . it 's a real road . it 's just the name that 's make - up -- hopper what 's it 's real name ? mike I do not know . it 's by Camp hero . where crook 's cove and kerley meet . hop jot this information down onto he pad . hopper yeah , I think I know it . mike we can show you -- hooper I say I know it . mike we could help look -- Hopper look up at Mike sharply . hopper no -- after school , you go straight home . all of you . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . he look at the other boy . make eye contact with each . hopper ( cont 'd ) that mean no bike around look for you friend , no investigate , no nonsense . this be not some hobbit book . I make myself clear ? ( the boy share look ) I make myself clear ? the boy share look . worried . shaken by he tone . they nod . int . benny 's fish ' N fry - kitchen - day SNAP -hiss ! a Atlantic cod fries in oil . benny tend it . int . dine area - moment later benny slide a plate of fish and chip to the Young girl . she be seat at a table in the dining room . it be just she now ; the regular be go . her gown have be replace with a '' Fish ' N fry '' T-shirt . it droops to she knee like a dress . the Young girl stare at the food with wide eye . benny figure you be gonna eat my food anyway , might as well eat it right . the Young girl reach out to pick up the fish but ... benny ( cont 'd ) I say , right . benny splashes hot sauce onto the fish . he nod . '' okay . '' the girl snatch up the fish and devour it . no utensil . benny ( cont 'd ) you parent forget to feed you ? the girl do not respond . just keep eat . benny ( cont 'd ) that why you run away ? still nothing . benny ( cont 'd ) they ... hurt you ? nothing . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36. benny ( cont 'd ) and ... you go to the hospital , that it ? but you get scared , run off , find you way here ? the girl finally look up at benny . have he hit close to the mark ? it seem like she be finally go to speak , but instead she nudge she empty plate over to benny . the message be clear : '' more . '' benny ( cont 'd ) how ' bout this : you get more , much as you like , but first , you gotta answer a few 'a my question . we get a deal ? no response . benny ( cont 'd ) we will start easy . my name 's benny . benny Henderson . he hold out he hand . wrap it around she tiny hand . benny ( cont 'd ) Nice to meet ya . and you be ...? still no response . benny sigh . he start to withdraw he hand when he notice a SMALL tattoo on the inside of she lower leave wrist . it read in simple black lettering : 011 . benny ( cont 'd ) '' eleven '' ? the Young girl yank she hand away . benny ( cont 'd ) what 's that mean ? young girl no . benny well I 'il be damned . she speak . ( beat , consider ) no ? no what ? still nothing . benny ( cont 'd ) alright , guess '' no '' more fish then . benny take she plate and start to walk away when : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37. young girl ... eleven . benny turn back around . benny eleven . yeah . what 's it mean ? the Young girl point to herself . young girl eleven . int . fish ' N fry - kitchen - day benny be now on a cord phone in the kitchen . Voice hushed . more food sizzle behind he . benny ..- all I know be , poor thing 's scared to death ... confuse ... ( beat ) I be tellin’ you flor , she will not talk about she parent . she 's be abuse or kidnap or somethin’ . you gotta get the Chief -- ( beat ) I dont give two shit about a miss kid , I get a find kid right here -- I be calm -- ( beat ) yeah , yeah , I get a pen . benny grab a pen from he pocket . scrawl : social SERVICES . 233-555-4176 . back in the MAIN room , '' eleven '' wait impatiently for the food . her leg sway beneath the table . back and forth . back and forth . she become aware of a soft , high pitch noise . eeeee . eeee. eeee . she look up . it 's the screen door . the wind be gently blow it , cause its hinge to squeak . feeee. eeee. eeeee . it be incessant . Annoying . eleven narrow she eye and -- the door stop mid-sw . like it somehow froze . eleven look away . content now . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38 . ext . forest road - day whoosh ! two police car speed down the road . ext . forest road - day the car pull off onto the side of the road . Hopper , callahan , and Powell step outside . ext . mirkwood shortcut - a few minute later Hopper trudge down the road , search for sign of will . behind he , we can see callahan and Powell . they call out : callahan will byer ?! will byer ?! powell will -- ?! Hopper pull a vial out of he pocket . pop two more of that red and blue pill . and ... he suddenly spot something . kneel down . there be faint skid mark on the pavement . too narrow for a car . a bike . he call out to callahan and Powell . hopper hey , I get something here ... Hopper track the skid mark off the road and into ... the forest . hop make he way down the slope . sure enough , he find will 's bicycle at the bottom . he brushes leave away , revealing the front wheel . it be bent , spoke bust . callahan and Powell scramble down after he . callahan shit . that he bike , Chief ? hopper ( nod ) wheel 's bust . musta crash . callahan think he get hurt in the fall ? Hopper look back up the slope . squint in the sun . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . hopper not so hurt he could not make it home . and a bike to this kid ... that 's like a cadillac . do not make sense he have leave it out here . he have walk it home . a beat . then : hopper ( cont 'd ) he be in hurry . ext . montauk beach - a few moment later Hopper and the deputy walk out onto the beach . a trail of footprint lead up a dune toward : the byer House . int . byer house - kitchen - afternoon Joyce pace in the kitchen . back and forth . back and forth . the wall phone be press hard to she ear . its cord stretch as she walk . she drag hard on a cigarette while it ring on the other end . and ring . and ... click . the other line pick up . joyce lonnie , thank God . it 's Joyce -- her face drop . a muffled female voice be on the other end . joyce ( cont 'd ) who be this ? ( listen in disgust ) Cynthia ? ( beat ) this be Joyce -- Joyce , lonnie 's ex - wife . I need to speak to lonnie -- ( beat ) this be a emergency ... no , not later , now bitch -- click . the phone go dead . Joyce burn with anger . she dial the number again , mash each number with she long fingernails . the phone ring . but this time no one answer . it go to message . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. male voice ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) hey , you have reach lonnie , I be not here at the moment but ... Joyce 's rage rise and rise and ... beep . her turn . joyce lonnie , it 's Joyce . some teenage whore sayin 's she 's you girlfriend just hang up on I . you do not call I back in the next goddamn hour I ' 1l report you for not pay child support I swear to God I will and I 'il make sure you rot in jail where you belong you fucking piece of shit -- wham ! Joyce slam the phone down and -- brrrring ! the phone blare again . that be fast . she answer . joyce ( cont 'd ) lonnie -- but there be no response . only static . the kitchen light flicker , then return to normal . Joyce stare . what the -- ? bam bam bam . there be a sudden pounding on the door . Joyce startles . moment later . Joyce swing open the door . her face drop . it be Hopper and the deputy . Hopper have will 's bike . int . byer house - various - later Hopper and he deputy search the byer 's house . Joyce trail . on edge . joyce I do not understand . why be you here ?! you be waste you time -- hopper he 's get a key to the house ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. joyce so what ? you think I have not check my own goddamn house -- ! hopper never say you do not . Hopper inspect the back door . the adjacent wall be dent , the paint chip . he open the door ; its handle align with the damage wall . someone throw it open . hard . hopper ( cont 'd ) this always here ? joyce probably . I get two boy . just look at this place -- hopper but you be not sure ? Joyce hesitates . start to respond when : whimpering echoes . coming from outside . ext . byer backyard - day Hopper and Joyce step of the screen door . they find Chester pace in front of the shed . whimper . hopper this normal ? joyce just hungry I be sure . come on ... Joyce lead Chester back to the house by he collar . but Hopper do not follow . not yet . his eye turn to the shed . int . shed - moment later Hopper open the shed door . the wood groan . even though it be now day , it be still dark in here . hop flip a light switch . the naked light bulb hum to life . he walk up to the rifle wall mount . the rifle be , of course , miss . he inspect the mount . there be fingerprint in the dust . someone be here ... recently . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. bzzzz ! the light bulb begins to flicker . Hopper turn and look up at the light . it fluctuate , grow bright , then dim , then bright , then dim , then -- whoom . the light cut out . leaving US in darkness . we hear a faint guttural SOUND . like some kind of growl . Hopper look around . the hell be that come from ? hopper that you buddy ? you hungry ? hop remove a flashlight from he utility belt , click it on , and slowly sweep its beam across the darkness . he make out nothing . but that sound , whatever the hell it be , persist . it grow louder . louder . louder still . overtake all sound . the hair on hop 's slowly stand up . and then -- the beam illuminate a approaching figure . hop reach for he gun but -- deputy callahan step into the light . deputy callahn you deaf ? I have be callin’ you . Hopper be too shake to respond . he look back at the light bulb . it flicker back to life . returning to 48 watt . the strange guttural sound be go . like it never be . deputy callahn ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Chief . you ear . hopper what ? deputy callahn you ear . Hopper touch he ear . it 's bleed . ext . shed - byer yard - morning Hopper upend the vial . dump the pill onto the ground . deputy callahn you sure you be alright , Chief ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. hopper ( not fine ) I be fine . he shove the empty vial back into he jacket . he stride to the byer house . move fast . callahan struggle to keep up . hopper ( cont 'd ) I want you to call Florence , have she get a search party together , as many volunteer as she can muster , flashlight too -- deputy callahan think we get a problem here ? Hopper do not answer . uncertain . he turn and look out at the wood . the sun be fall . the sky be a bruise purple . he continue into the byer house . callahan follow . but we do not . instead , we return we gaze to the shed . we can hear that guttural SOUND again . low , but definitely there . we move ... into the shed . the light bulb hum and flicker again . grow brighter . and that be when we see it . there be something strange on the far wall . it look almost like a spot of black mold . only it be throbbing ever so slightly , and , slowly but surely ... spread . end of act three script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , begin act four ext . suburban neighborhood - night hiss ! a sprinkler kick on . night in the suburb again . mike ( prelap ) we should be out there right now . we should be help look for he . int . wheeler house - night the wheeler family be seat at the dining table . a hot home cook meal be before they . but Mike be not eat . karen we have be over this . the Chief say -- mike I do not care what the Chief say . karen Michael -- mike he 's not even real police , Mom . we have to do something -- will could be in danger ! karen more reason to stay put . mike Mom -- karen end of discussion . Mike look away , upset . the family resume eat in silence . or , rather , some of they do . Nancy just move she food around with a fork . then , in as casual a tone as she can summon : nancy so ... I and barb ... we be gonna study for the chemistry test at she house tonight . that 's cool , right ? Karen look up from she meal . karen no . not cool . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . nancy what ?! why not ? karen why do you think ? be I speak chinese in this house ? until we know will 's okay , no one leave . nancy so we be under house arrest ? karen do not be dramatic , Nancy . nancy this be such bullshit ! ted Language ! nancy barb life two minute away , just because Mike 's stupid friend get lose on he way home -- mike this be will 's fault -- ?! karen Nancy , take that back -- nancy no! mike you be just piss because you wanna hang out with Steve -- ted Steve ? karen who be Steve ? mike her new boyfriend -- nancy fuck you mike -- ted language !!! Nancy shove out of she chair . storm off . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. karen Nancy ! come back ! nancy ! but Nancy be already bound up the stair to she bedroom . Karen want the follow she but can not ; the argument have cause Holly to cry . Karen pick she up and rock she in she arm . karen ( cont 'd ) there , there , shhhh ... ted see , Michael . this be what happen . mike what happen when what ? I be the only one act normal here -- I be the only who care about will ! Ted take a bite out of a chicken drum . chews . ted that 's not fair , Michael . we care . Mike stare at he dad . he can not take he apathy , not tonight . he stand up from the table and hurry off . Holly cry louder . Ted continue to chew . Karen shoot dagger at he . karen I hope you be enjoy you chicken , Ted . she carry Holly out of the room . Ted be now alone . ted hey ? what have I do ? Karen ? Karen ?! ext . wood - night a constellation of flashlight glimmer in the night . over two dozen search and rescue volunteer be scour the forest for will . they wear orange vest , grave expression . we find Hopper . Mr. Clarke walk at he side . mr . clarke he 's a good student . Hopper turn . surprise this man be speak to he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. hopper what 's that ? mr . clarke will . he 's a good student . a great one , actually . I can not fathom he get into any kind of trouble . Hopper nod . look away . Mr. Clarke offer he hand . mr. clarke ( cont 'd ) I do not think we have meet . Scott Clarke . I teach at montauk middle . Earth and biology -- Hopper shake he hand . then avert he gaze . hopper always have a distaste for science . mr. clarke maybe you have a bad teacher . hopper Ms. ratliff be a nasty piece of work . mr. clakre ratliff ? you bet . she 's still kick around , believe it or not -- hopper oh I believe it . mummy do not die , or say they tell I . Mr. Clarke smile softly . mr . clarke so you be local ? hopper class of fifty eight . mr . clarke sixty two . just miss each other . they walk for another beat . Hopper seem lose in think . hopper Sara , my daughter . galaxy , the universe , whatnot , she always understand that stuff . maybe she get it from she mother , I dunno . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48 . hopper ( cont 'd ) there 's enough shit down here , I do not need to go lookin’ elsewhere . mr . clarke you daughter . what grade be she ? maybe I 'il get she in my class . hopper she life in the city . with she mother . mr . clarke oh. Hopper slap Mr. Clarke on the back . hopper thanks for come out , teach . appreciate it . Hopper pick up he pace , leave Mr. Clarke behind . a nearby volunteer whisper to Mr. Clarke : volunteer # 1 she pass a few year back . mr . clarke sorry ? volunteer # 1 his kid . Mr. Clarke darken . he look back at Hopper . he be a distant silhouette now . int . mike 's room - wheeler house - night the demogorgen gaze at we . four angry eye . Mike be lie down by the dungeon and dragon map . he look worried and restless . he examine the field of miniature . the troglodytes ... the knight .. the dwarf ... and the wizard . he pick up the wizard . Studies it . consider . mike ( v.o. ) Lucas ? it 's Mike . you copy ? Lucas ? moment later . Mike be now at he desk . Calling into a walkie - talkie . Lucas finally answer . his voice crackle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . luca ( 0.s. ) hey , it 's Lucas . mike I know it 's you . and say '' over '' when you be do talk or I do not know you be do . over . luca ( 0.s. ) I be do . over . mike I be worried about will . over . luca ( 0.s. ) no shit . this be crazy . over . mike I be think ... will could have cast Protection last night . but he do not . he cast fireball . over . luca ( 0.s. ) what 's you point ? over . mike my point be ... he could have play it safe . but he do not . he put himself in danger to help the party . over . a very long beat . then : luca ( 0.s. ) meet I in ten . over and out . moment later . Mike jam a few flashlight into he backpack . int . wheeler house - live room -- night Mike sneak downstairs . the stair moan . he peer into the live room . his dad be once again fidget with the television . the picture fluctuate with static . he pound the side of the box in anger . Mike hurry past . unnotice . ext . byer house - night Mike wheel he bike out of the garage . wham ! a shadowed figure suddenly drop down behind he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. he startles , but it 's only Nancy . she climb down a drain pipe . mike Jesus ! nancy how have you get out here , freak ?! mike the back door . Nancy look back at the drain pipe . nancy shit. ( back to Mike ) you be not look for will be you ? mike you be not see Steve be you ? a beat . nancy do not tell mom . mike you do not tell mom . Mike spit in he hand . hold it out . nancy that 's disgusting . a station wagon flash its light up ahead . a signal . nancy ( cont 'd ) barb 's here . I gotta go . do not do anything stupid . mike you have to shake on it or it do not count ! Nancy ! but Nancy be already go . she climb into Barbara 's car . Mike wipe the saliva off in he jeans , climb on he bike , and pedal off into the night . above he , a street lamp flicker . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. ext . benny 's fish ' N fry - night a light flicker inside the fish N fry . int . benny 's fish ' N fry - kitchen - night benny glance at the light . then return to clean dish . eleven sit cross-legged on the floor . she be feed he rottweiler strip of raw fish . they be best friend now . benny make sure he do not get any bone now . do not want he to choke . eleven feed the dog one last strip of meat . the dog gobbles it up , then lick she on the lip . she recoil , then smile . for the first time this day , she seem like a actual kid . benny notice . knock off the faucet . benny ( cont 'd ) a smile look good on ya . eleven stare at he . confused . benny ( cont 'd ) a smile . benny give a big smile . eleven smile back . eleven good . benny yeah , it be good . she shake she head . '' no . '' then she point at he . eleven good . benny I ? benny can not help but chuckle . benny ( cont 'd ) a know a few lady who have beg to differ . benny roll up he sleeve . there be name tattooe on he arm . sharon , betty , carol ann . his exe . mostly . eleven point at a male name : '' tommy . '' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. eleven ... brother . benny stare . his heart skip a beat . his voice catch . benny ... what have you say ? eleven Little brother . eleven smile again . but benny do not . he be flustered and confuse . he finally start to speak when he hear ... the SOUND of tire on gravel . headlights sweep past the window . eleven tense . nervous . benny just ... stay put . whoever it be , I will turn ‘em away , a’ight ? int . benny 's fish ' N fry - dine room - night benny lumber into the dining room . he open the front door . a red-haired woman , 40 , approach . she smile warmly . red -haired woman you must be benny . benny Henderson ? benny ' fraid so . also ' fraid we close shop early tonight . why do not you try back tomorrow -- benny start to shut the door , but the woman extend a hand . red-haired woman connie frazier . Social service . benny stop . open the door back up . embarrass . benny Social service . shit. apology . he take she hand . his grip be firm . benny ( cont 'd ) do not think you be gonna make it here so quick . that 's a heckuva drive . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. connie not too bad this time of night . benny nod . lower he voice . benny listen . I still have not tell she about you . I do not want she runnin’ off again . she 's a tad ... skittish . connie Children I work with usually be . ( smile ) where be she now ? benny in the back . i’1l introduce ya . benny turn and lumber toward the kitchen . benny ( cont 'd ) apology again for try to turn you away . it 's funny , you voice , it sound different on the -- a hole suddenly erupt in benny 's forehead . blood sprays . he body goe limp and he crash to the ground with a heavy thud . a pool of blood spread from the wound on he head . he body twitches . then still . he be dead . behind he : '' connie '' hold a silencer pistol . a group of armed men sweep into the door behind she . this be not social worker . this be Agents . int . kitchen - moment later Three armed Agents sweep into the kitchen . two more enter from the back door . woof ! the rottweiler suddenly explode out of shadow and lunge at they with a angry roar . agent one fire and -- pop ! drill the dog 's head . it skid to the floor . Dead . agent one quietly survey the kitchen . look for eleven . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. his eye lock onto the storage closet . a dim shadow move beneath the door . he make a hand signal , alert the other . gun raise . all this caution for one little girl ? they take one step toward the closet . two step . Three . four. agent one hold up he hand . the other stop . his eye fix on the hinge of the door . impossibly , the metal be push outward . bend . as if the door be under immense pressure . agent two eleven -- whoom ! the door explode -- blowing right off its hinges -- the door slam into the agent -- knocking they down like bowling pin -- there gun scatter across the floor -- wood shrapnel hit agent one in the face -- tearing he left cheek OPEN -- he fall to the ground with a pained scream -- and -- eleven burst out of the closet . her eye dart . she spot the dead dog . then benny . tear spill down she cheek . mixing with the blood . she look back at the agent . Rolling on the floor in pain . eleven bad . and then she turn . and run . end act four script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . begin act five ext . montauk beach - turtle cove - night a bonfire rage on the beach . flame lick the sky . a group of high school student be silhouett against the fire , drink , smoking various substance , screwing around . '' call I '' by blondie blast from a idling pick - up truck . we find Nancy and Barbara in the crowd . they look out of they element , bob awkwardly to the tune . Nancy take a sip of she beer . grimace . not a drinker . she hold the beer out for barb . barb wave it off . barbara I do not see he -- we should go . nancy we just get here , relax . Nancy motion to tommy h , 16 , heavyset , scraggly half - beard . nancy ( cont 'd ) what about Tommy h ? barbara ew. nancy oh come on -- he 's cute . and I hear he break it off with Carol -- Nancy shriek as a pair of hand snatch she from behind . it 's Steve . of course it 's Steve . his eye be bloodshot and flagging . he 's drunk or stone or both . probably both . steve where 's Mrs. kreitzberg ?! nancy shut up ! Steve grab she hand and pull she away . nancy ( cont 'd ) where be we go ?! you just get here ! Steve ! steve ! but Steve do not stop . he break into a sprint , drag Nancy with he . she laugh giddily , she hair blow in the wind . she glance back at barb with a wide - eye smile . sorry ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. Barbara sigh . all alone now . she look down at she watch . and wait . ext . forest road - end of neighborhood - night Mike look at he watch . wait . he hear voice . he look up to find Lucas and Dustin bike he way . they pull up next to he . mike what happen to ten minute ? luca Parents be watch m*a*s*h . no way past . dustin same . Mike pass Dustin a walkie talkie . mike stay on channel six , just in case , but no split up or anything stupid like that , okay ? Dustin nod . '' okay . '' Mike climb onto he bike . luca where be we go ? mike mirkwood . and with that , Mike pedal out of the neighborhood . Lucas and Dustin share worried look . and then race after he . ext . montauk beach - turtle cove - night Steve and Nancy race across the moonlit beach . the bonfire burn dimly behind they . Far away now . Nancy be out -of-breath . nancy Steve ! can you just tell I where we be go ?! Steve -- ?! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57. steve right ... here ! Steve shove Nancy onto a sand dune . she shriek , laugh . Steve drop on top of she . begins kiss she all over . Nancy be overwhelm . her laughter fade . nancy Steve , hey , can we just ... talk for a -- a second ... Steve start to pull she sweater off . she try to stop he , but it 's too late . he toss the sweater off into the sand . Nancy cover she bra with she arm . shy -- and cold . nancy ( cont 'd ) it , it 's freezing ... Steve be not listen . he unbutton she jeans and yank they down below she waist . Nancy 's breathe quicken . her heart pound . Steve remove a condom from he pocket . nancy ( cont 'd ) Steve ... I , I have never ... Steve still be not listen . or do not care . he tear open the condom wrapper . ext . montauk beach - wide shot they silhouett body writhe in the moonlight . wave crash the shore . ext . beach - turtle cove - night a explosion of laughter . a very drunk Tommy H. be urinate into the raging bonfire . smoke cough , coal sizzle , everyone think this be hilarious . everyone but Barbara . she stare in disgust . moment later . Barbara charge down the beach . call out into the darkness . barbara nance ?! I ’m leaving ! nance ?! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58. no answer . fuck it . ext . side of the road - night Barbara storm back to she car . it 's park on a empty road . int . station wagon - moment later Barbara leap in . turn the key . the engine revs , cough . barbara come one , come on ... Barbara turn the key again . again . and -- the radio blast to life . barb nearly jump out of her seat . the radio begin to cycle rapidly through the station . the song be warpe , garble , static-y . the speedometer rise and fall , the blinker flash , the dashboard light stutter . Barbara look down . her arm hair be stand straight up . she quickly shut off the engine and -- everything stop . returning to normal . Barbara stare in confusion . breathe hard . and ... smash ! the window behind her shatter . she scream and -- ext . volkswagen - night the vw headlight grow brighter and brighter , so bright they blind we vision . we hear a shrieking SOUND , pitch so high it 's almost painful . just when we think we can not take it anymore , the sound fade . the headlight flicker and dim . the station wagon be empty . Barbara have vanish . ext . forest road - night vroom ! Jonathan ride the mope up to he house . he dismount and bound up the porch . as he do , we turn we gaze to the shed . Chester be once again pace by the door . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . back and forth . back and forth . back and -- int . byer house - live room - night Jonathan swing open the front door . he find he mom sit cross-legged on the floor . she be work on a missing person poster for will . bold red letter read : '' have you see I ? '' photograph of will be strewn across the floor . Joyce look up at Jonathan . bleary eye . joyce anything ? Jonathan shake he head . '' no . '' jonathan you ? joyce Hopper 's out look , a bunch of people be , but ... Joyce fight back tear . returns to the photograph . Jonathan sit down beside she and look over the photograph . they have be artfully take by he over the year . there be a photo of will building a sand castle ... riding a raft ... eat a hotdog at coney Island ... visit the city ... Jonathan fight back tear . his voice emerge low , choke . jonathan ..-. I be sorry . joyce sorry ? what be you sorry for ? Jonathan say nothing . do not feel he need to . Joyce take he hand . squeeze it . joyce ( cont 'd ) hey . this be not you fault , baby , you hear I ? you hear I ? Jonathan avert he gaze . joyce ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna come home soon . I know it . I know it ... because I feel he . I feel he in my heart . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60 . joyce ( cont 'd ) he 's close . he 's close . you believe I , Jonathan , right ? Jonathan finally look at he mom . and nod . Joyce smile faintly . she hold up a pair of photograph , one in each hand . will on the raft . will at coney Island . joyce ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? Jonathan consider . choose coney island . jonathan I ... I always like this one . Joyce smile softly . joyce +.- I too . a emotional beat . then : the kitchen phone blare to life . Joyce and Jonathan look up sharply . News . moment later - kitchen Joyce grab up the phone . her voice tense , strain . joyce yes -- hel -- hello ? there be no answer . but she can hear the sound of low breathing on the other end . joyce ( cont 'd ) lonnie ...? Hopper ...? still no answer . joyce ( cont 'd ) who be this ? Jonathan stand up . get worried now . the SOUND of breathing grow louder . joyce cont ’d ) who be this ?! answer I ! at last we hear a voice . it sound very far away . it be the voice of a boy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61. distant voice .-- Mom ... Joyce pale . tear rush to she eye . joyce will ?!! will ?!! Jonathan race over to he mom . joyce ( cont 'd ) where be you , baby ?! talk to I ! will ?! will ?! but will 's voice be now go . in its place ... another voice . guttural . inhuman . shift in pitch . joyce ( cont 'd ) who be this ? what have do with my baby ?! what have you do ?!! silence . then -- a high - pitched shriek erupt from the receiver . Joyce gasp in pain and drop the phone . she look at she hand . her palm be sear and she arm hair be stand straight up . she back away from the phone . her eye wide with dread . Jonathan grab up phone . his voice shake . jonathan who be this ?! who be this ?! but the phone line be now dead . Joyce slump down to the floor . she begin to sob . voice ( pre - lap ) heellllp ! ext . unknown - night Barbara stumble out onto the beach . her face be pale and blood pour from she nose and ear . she crash to a halt . look around for help . desperate . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62. but there be no bonfire . no kid . no party . yet somehow , impossibly , she can hear the sound of music , of kid talk , laugh . only it all sound far away . like a distant memory . a dense fog have drift in from the Atlantic and the wave roll in slowly , much slower than normal , as if the world now move at quarter speed . the wet sand be cover in more of that strange , throbbing growth , and the sky be shroud in dark cloud . electric blue lighting flash , streaking the sky , and -- Barbara hear something . something wet . guttural . she turn . and pale . obscure beneath the fog : a horde of shadowed figure . tall . disfigure . one of they walk on all four . they be come this way . come for she . she scream . and ... ext . mirkwood - later whoosh ! we boy bike onto '' mirkwood . '' they scan the tree . Calling out : mike will ?! will ?! luca will ?! dustin I have get you uncanny ! 269 ! there be no response but the chirp of cicadas . they bike on in silence for a little while . Lucas grow impatient . luca why be we even here ? my mom say there 's a whole search party -- mike but they do not know will , and he do not know they . he know we . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. luca so ? mike so what if he 's scared and -- a shadowed figure suddenly appear in the middle of road -- racing across the pavement -- racing right for our boy -— Mike 's eye shoot wide -- he spin the wheel to the leave -- too fast -- he lose control -- skid -- Dustin and Lucas crash into he -- they all tumble -- and -- whoom ! slam into pavement . they roll to stop . dirt cough . luca ..- what ... what be that ? Mike ? Mike do not respond . instead , he climb to he foot , turn around , and look back at the darken road behind they . the shadowed figure be stand there . stare right at he . Mike be wide - eye . scare . slowly , very slowly , he raise he flashlight and aim it at the figure . the beam illuminate : a young girl . bald head . Wild eye . Fish ' N fry T-shirt . eleven . she look at Mike . he look at she . they gaze hold a beat . and then ... a low growl rumble . Mike hear it . he look up at the night sky . int . byer house - night Joyce and Jonathan hear it too . they look out the window with tear stain eye . ext . wood - night Hopper 's radio crackle to life . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. callahan ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) you hear that Chief ? Hopper do not respond . his eye fix on the sky . we follow he gaze . rising up ... over he head ... and up ... over Camp hero base ... and up ... over the shadow tree ... and up ... to the dark silhouett cloud in the sky above . a low growl rumble , just like in the open scene . but this time , it grow louder , and louder , shaking we eardrum . a electric blue light flash behind the cloud . the storm be no longer come . it 's here . end episode script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library