no prersson scrpt 3 str .nger thn fiction new screenpl.y by z ch helm ny question or comment should be direct to : lind y dor n three str nge ngel 310.443.5344 you my notice th:t _t cert in moment of the script there be reference to music tr ck th t ppe ron cd tht ccomp nie the script . if you receive copy of the script without cd , ple se yell +t whomever g have the script to you no then c 11 llind y dor not t 310.443.5344 to request one . we be serious . th no you for the sovereign st :te of punk rock '' no that whose n-me begin with L . the follow appear on screen : " life be the crummiest book I ever read . " -- bad religion godspeed you Black Emperor 's '' lift you skinny fist like antennas to Heaven " begin ( track 1 on you cd ) . fade in : darkness . we hear rustling and a small groan . then there be silence for several second . as the trumpet come in , the screen be suddenly fill with the iridescent , turquoise blue glow of a wrist watch whose face plainly read 7:15 be . it suddenly begin to beep . int . bedroom ~~ morning the lanky man under the cover reach out from underneath he modest blanket and grab he watch . he press one of its button , stop the beep . we hear a female narrator speak : narrator ( v.0 . ) this be a story about a man name harold crick ... he place the watch back on the nightstand . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) --- and he wristwatch . harold 's arm retract back under the cover . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) harold crick be a man of infinite number , endless calculation and remarkably few word . ( pause ) and he wristwatch say even less . int . bathroom ~- moment later harold brushes he tooth in he mint color bathroom , the door open . we see a tiny blue glow from the other room . narrator ( v.o. ) every weekday , for nine year , harold would brush each of he 32 tooth 76 time . 38 time back and forth . 38 time up and down . his wristwatch would simply look on from the nightstand , quietly wishing harold would use a more colorful toothbrush . int . closet -- moment later harold flip a orange necktie over itself as he look at himself get dress in he closet mirror , he watch now {continued ) on . his apartment be very clean and modern . we may notice that he only source of time be he watch . narrator ( v.o. ) every weekday , for nine year , harold would tie he tie in a single Windsor knot instead of the double , thereby save he up to 43 second every morning . his wristwatch think the single Windsor make he neck look fat ... but say nothing . ext . STREET corner -- moment later harold , granny Smith apple between he tooth , hurry after a depart bus while put on he black overcoat and carry a briefcase , the cold , sleek city jutting out behind he . narrator .( v.o. ) every weekday , for nine year , harold would run at a rate of nearly 57 step per block for 6 block nearly miss the 8:17 faraday Bus . his wristwatch would delight in the feel of the crisp wind rush over its face . harold be just able to make the bus in time . int . office ~~ later harold race through the corridor of a expansive office building , occasionally peek he head into a cubicle or review the work of one of he peer . harold ( hand a folder to someone . ) 1412 paragraph 8 , Diane . thanks . narrator { v.o . ) and every weekday , for nine year , harold would complete 7.134 tax file as a senior auditor for the Internal Revenue service . co-worker harold , 89 time 1,417 ? harold 126,113 . cur to : int . warehouse ~~ day harold , sit alone at a small steel desk in the corner of a industrial warehouse , eat lunch amongst very tidy stack of work . { continued ) narrator ( v.0.} ...only take a 45.7 minute lunch break and 4.3 minute coffee break . time precisely by he wristwatch , he finish he last bite just before he watch begin to beep . ext . CITY STREET -- later harold stroll past small urban shop uptown , they colorful facade and clean window display everything from woman 's shoe to travel package . harold pause momentarily as he pass a window display various guitar . narrator {( v.0 . ) Beyond that , harold live a life of solitude . harold would walk home alone ... int . kitchen -- later harold finish eat a modest meal in he pale red kitchen while look through a calculator catalog . narrator ( v.o. ) he would eat alone ... int . bedroom -- later harold crawl into bed , gently remove he wristwatch and place it on the nightstand next to he . he press a few of its button probably to set its alarm . with a tug of a chain the yellow light next to he go out and the room return to darkness , save for the blue glow of he watch . narrator ( v.o . ) and at precisely 11:13 every night , harold would go to bed alone , place he wristwatch to rest on the nightstand beside he . ( pause ) that be , of course , before Wednesday . ( pause . ) on Wednesday , harold 's wristwatch change everything . the drum explode as we ... blackout . the credit roll and the music continue triumphantly . we find ourselves inter-cutting between two scene play mute . in one scene , a young blonde-haire boy remove he hand from he eye , revealing a brand new bicycle with a bow on it . his jaw drop . he look at he dad who stare on with a gleam in he eye . the other scene be of a middle - age black woman look through the employment ad in she cramped kitchen . ( continued ) she hold a red pen over the page hunt for a job for which she 's qualified . a view of the paper reveal that she have circle only one ad . no explanation be give for the scene as the credit and music come to a end . the follow appear on screen : " I wake the same as any other day except a voice be in my head . " -~ soundgarden . int . nightstand . -- morning we return to the glow of harold 's wristwatch which read : 7:15 be . it promptly begin beep . int . bathroom ~- morning harold be once again brush he tooth meticulously . narrator ( v.o . ) if one have ask harold , he would have say that Wednesday be exactly like all the wednesday prior . and he begin it the same way he -- harold suddenly stop as do the narration . he begin look around , obviously hearing something . he pause and listen . there 's nothing there . he resume brush . the narration resume as well . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and he begin it the same way he always id -- harold stop again and the narration stop abruptly with he . he definitely hear something . he look at he toothbrush , harold hello ? he hold the toothbrush to he ear to listen . nothing . he shake it . then he hold it stiffly and shake he head . he resume brush and the narration immediately return . narrator ( v.o. ) he begin it the same way he always do . when other 's mind would -- he stop once again , now a little worried . he put he toothbrush down and look in he shower . harold hello ? be someone here ? heart racing , he look around but find no evidence of anyone else . he slowly lift he toothbrush to he tooth and begin to carefully brush again . ( continued ) narrator ( v.o. ) when other ' mind would fantasize about they upcoming day , or even try to grip onto the final moment of they dream ... harold just count brush stroke . harold suddenly stop once more and so do the narration . harold alright . who just say : '' harold count brush stroke " ? -- and how do you know I be count brush stroke !? ( pause ) hello ? he look at he toothbrush once again . he inspect it . paranoid that somehow the toothbrush might be cause the voice , harold delicately place it on the edge of the sink and walk away . int . closet -- morning harold fold a red tie over itself as he watch himself in the mirror . narrator ( v.o . ) it be remarkable how the simple , modest - ~ harold stop . he sigh . he look over both shoulder . he close he eye . he pick up he tie . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be remarkable how - ~- he stop again . he turn and begin to search he apartment in the hope of discover where the sound be come from . he look at he watch . he have no choice but to resume get dress . he take he tie in hand ... narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be remarkable how the simple , modest element of harold 's life , so often take for grant , would become the catalyst for a entirely new life ... harold just try to ignore it . ext . CITY STREET -- morning harold again run down the street , this time with a pear in he mouth , a red tie knotted in a single Windsor . narrator ( v.o. ) this be the last dash harold would make for the 8:17 bus , the last morning harold would hear he breath ( more } ( continued ) narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont ' D} leap from he throat , the last day he stiff leather shoe would make that terrible squeaking sound as - they flex against the concrete . harold stop run . he look down at he foot and wiggle they . they squeak against the concrete . he wiggle they again . more squeaking . he look up , amaze . the bus quickly pass and harold break out of he stupor to run after it . . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... for this be a extraordinary day . ' a day to be remember for the rest of harold 's life . harold miss the bus and throw he arm up in disgust . he come to a stop next to a short Polish woman who also just miss the bus . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but of course , harold just think it be a Wednesday . harold grab the woman by the shoulder . harold do you hear that ? the woman just stare at he . harold ( cont 'd ) the , the , the ... the voice . do you hear it ?-~ '' harold just think it be a Wednesday ... " polish woman do not worry . it be Wednesday . harold no . do you hear it : " harold just think it be a Wednesday . '' polish woman who 's harold ? harold I be harold . polish woman harold . it 's okay . it be Wednesday . harold no. I ... no . the voice say it be " just a Wednesday . " polish woman Voice be right . it 's Wednesday . ( continued ) harold I ... no. I be ...{ Christ . ] the woman look at he for a second , then just walk to the other side of the bus stop to stand . int . office -~ day harold once again pass through the corridor of the IRS , but he seem distract , almost frazzle , stumbling past co - worker as he review a mess of file that nearly topple out of he am . narrator ( v.o. ) harold could not truly concentrate on he work . female CO - worker harold ? can you ... harold nearly knock she over but keep go . another co -~ worker approach . narrator ( v.o. ) he be lose . he struggle to compute arithmetic he could normally calculate effortlessly ... another co-worker harold . 67 time 453 ? harold uh ... he close he eye and try to shake off the voice . harold ( cont 'd ) uh ... another CO -worker harold ? harold it ... narrator ( v.o. ) when a co-worker ask the product of 67 and 453 , he draw a blank . harold ( to the voice ) I can not think while you be talk . another CO -worker what ? harold what ? harold realize what he 's just say . ( continued ) harold ( cont 'd ) uh ... nothing . nothing . narrator ( v.0 . ) ' harold quickly answer 30,351 . harold ( take cue} 30,351 . another CO - worker oh . thanks . the co-worker walk away . narrator ( v.o. ) despite the answer really be 31,305 . harold . [ sonofa - - ] ( call after co - worker ) -- wait ! wait ! int . archive ~- day it 's only midday but already harold look ready to go home . his tie be loosen , he hair be a mess , he look tired , he papers be scattered and he 's just stare at the water cooler in the archive room , a file open in he hand as if freeze in the middle of filing . a short , overweight , horribly sweaty co-worker with stain on he short - sleeve button down shirt ( dave ) come barrel past harold to the water cooler . dave dude , I have repoed 5 sport car , two boat and a condo and it 's not even lunch yet . I tell you ... it 's a shame they do not give out a auditor of the Year award . harold just stare forward . Dave wait for a response . dave ( cont 'd ) dude ? harold slowly turn , as if wait for the voice to start speak . dave ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? harold Dave . I be be follow . dave ( lock around ) how be you be follow ? you be not move . {continued ) harold I be ... harold look up to make sure the voice will not start . harold ( cont 'd ) ( pause . ) it 's by a voice . dave what ? harold I be be follow by a woman 's voice . they just stare at each other for a moment . dave ( concerned ) okay . what be she say ? harold she 's ... she 's narrate . dave harold . you be stand at the water cooler . what be she narrate ? harold I ... I ... I have to stop filing . watch . listen . listen . harold continue to organize papers into file . narrator ( v.o. ) the sound the paper make against the folder have the same tone as a wave scraping against sand . and when harold think about it , he listen to enough wave every day to constitute what he imagine to be a deep and endless ocean ... harold stop organize the papers . he turn to Dave . harold do you hear that ? dave you mean , you filing ? harold no . the ... the ... the voice . dave nu-huh . harold { oh God ] ... Dave it 's , it 's , it 's ... ( pause ) the frightening part be that sometimes I do imagine a deep and endless ocean . ( continued ) 10 . dave what ocean ? harold | ' the one make up by [ I filing the stupid ... } -- ( sighs} forget it -- a secretary pass by and hand Dave two folder . secretary New audit ! have a good day ! Dave look .at they . one folder be a inch and a half thick , the other be remarkably slim . dave okay . we get a baker and a security trader . : he look at harold , who stare at the file , eye bugge , mouth agape . Dave hand he the slim folder . dave ( cont 'd ) you know what ... maybe you should take the baker . CUT to : int . LIBERTY bakery ~- afternoon ana you be completely fuck kid I ! harold stand across from ana pascal , the aforementioned baker : a young , attractive woman with tattoo up on she thin , pale arm , she hand and face dust with flour , slip baguette into paper sleeve in the back kitchen . the bakery be crowded with customer who clamor over the searing punk rock that play . the wall be cover with propaganda call for the release of Leonard peltier , the armament of the Zapatista , and even a mangle , upturn american flag that read , " boycott Starbucks . " all of the worker look under the age of twenty - one . most have tattoo or piercing and one have a spike , yellow mohawk . in the corner , a homeless man enjoy a cup of coffee and a danish , a mongrel dog lap at a bowl of water at he side . and oddly enough , all the bustle , propaganda and punk rock be surround by chiffon birthday cake , poppy -seed muffins and the fluffiest , most delicious - look creme puff you have ever see . ana ( cont 'd ) like , seriously fuck kid I ... harold no . it 's illegal for I to joke about audit . ( continued ) people be al . ana god-fuck - damnit . fuck. fuck ! {pause } fuck ! harold I understand -- ana fuck you . harold alright ... ana sonofa ... fuck . I can not believe this . beginning to watch . harold listen . be there somewhere else we can speak about this ... a office or -- ana oh no ... we be talkin’ about this right here , thank you . harold ( kindly ) okay . now , you know you only pay part of you tax last year . ana yes . of course I know . harold you know ? I believe only 73 percent . ana yes . I know . yes . harold but -- so ... you do it on purpose ? ana yes . harold so how can you not be expect to get audite ? you steal from the government . ana I do not steal from the government . I just do not ... pay they entirely . harold Ms. pascal , you can not just not pay you tax . ( continued ) ana yes I can . harold . ' well , you can if you want to get audite . ana only if I recognize you right to audit I , Mr. crick . harold Ms. pascal , I be right here , audit '' you . and now , I have to go over you past 4 year of return to make sure that 's all you have not pay . ana Fine . Ana return to slip baguette into sleeve . harold I mean ... be there , I do not know -- a specific reason you feel exempt from the United States tax law ? ana no. listen , I be a big supporter of fix pothole and erecting swingsets and building shelter . I be more than happy to pay that tax . I be just not a big fan of pay the percentage the government use for national defense , corporate loan - out and campaign discretionary fund ... so I do not pay that tax . I believe I send a letter to this effect with my return . harold would that be the letter beginning with , " dear imperialist swine ? " ana yes . harold Ms. pascal , what you be describe be . anarchy . ana okay . maybe . harold so ... you be a anarchist ? ana like , be I a member ... harold of a anarchist group , yes . ( continued ) 13 . ana anarchist have a group ? harold . I believe so . sure . ana they assemble ? harold I do not know ... ana do not that completely defeat the purpose ? he can not help but laugh . a timer begin to ring and Ana walk away to turn it off , not deign to answer harold 's inquiry . narrator ( v.0 . ) it be difficult for harold to imagine Ms. pascal as a revolutionary : harold ( sotto ) not now . narrator ( v.o. ) .+ sher thin arm hoist protest sign , she long , shapely leg dash from tear gas ... Ana return with fresh muffins which she begin to place on a cool rack . harold try to shake off the voice . harold I be sorry . I do not know if , uh ... «+. what we can do be ... uh ... uh ... he become lose in she eye . narrator ( v.o. ) harold be not prone to fantasy ... and so he try he best to remain professional . harold uh ... narrator ( v.o. } but of course fail . harold I ... uh ... narrator { v.o. ) he could not help but imagine Ms. pascal stroking the side of he face with the soft blade of she finger ... ( continued ) 14 , harold uh ... I uh ... narrator {( v.0 . ) he could not help but imagine she immerse in a tub , shave she leg ... ana ~- Mr. crick ? harold ( jolted ) yes . uh ... uh.. harold stare at she . narrator ( v.o. ) and he could not help but imagine she naked , stretch across he bed -- ana Mr. crick ! harold be jolted back to reality . harold yes ? what be it ? ana you be stare at my tit . harold uh. no . of course not . I ... I ... would not ... I ... ( frazzle ) if , if ... if I be ... JI can assure you it be only as a representative of the United States government - - nlook at watch ) I should go . I will , uh ... I be sorry . I be have some issue today , so ... I will be back ... i'1l come back on Monday . ana Mr. crick : I be a very nice , kind , mild - mannered person , but if you show up on Monday ... I guarantee the most tedious , painful and unfruitful audit you have ever perform . he grab she hand and shake it fervently . harold I can not wait . have a good day . fluster , harold be barely able to make it out of the store , slamm the door behind he with the ring of the overhead bell . be . ext . LIBERTY bakery -- continuous harold quickly walk out of sight of the bakery and stop . he stand for a moment and take a deep breath , try to avoid hyperventilate . harold come on , harold , get it together . narrator ( v.o. ) harold suddenly find himself beleaguere and exasperate , stand outside the bakery ... harold {to the heaven ) oh shut up !!! narrator ( v.0 . ) ..- cursing the heaven in futility . harold no I be not ! I be cursing you , you stupid voice ! so shut up and leave I alone !!! blackout . the follow appear on screen : " you control what I will be . you control who I see . and if I let you , you will control I . '' -- bad brain ext . rooftop of build -- day as " and you will know we by the Trail of Dead '' begin to play ( track 2 you cd ) , a woman in a oversize black shirt and gray flannel pants ( kay ) approach the ledge of a skyscraper . her face be wear beyond she age , she skin have a yellowish complexion and she body look not unlike a piece of paper , crumpled into a ball and then thoughtlessly restore . the pants and shirt ripple around she in the wind . her face be serene as she draw a drag from a cigarette . she gently step up onto the ledge , the rest of the city become visible underneath she . Kay look down . across the street she notice the middle - age black woman from the earlier scene . she 's dress very nicely and compare a write out address on a scrap of paper to the address on the building . Kay turn she head . come down the street be the young blonde boy , pedale he bicycle quickly down the sidewalk , head directly for a large puddle behind the black woman . Kay cough a nasty , hack cough . she put out the cigarette on the ledge . she reach into the breast pocket of she shirt and pull out a wad piece of tissue which she open , revealing several half smoke cigarettes . she put she current half smoke cigarette into the tissue paper , re-wad it and replace it in she breast pocket . ( continued ) 16 . she look across the street again . the young blonde boy be only a few yard away from the puddle . Kay close she eye and lift she arm up . the wind course against she face , she clothes , she skin . the boy 's bicycle strike the puddle , splash rain water onto the pants of the middle - age black woman . Kay dangle a single foot over the ledge ... and with the strike of the final , singular violin note , she jump ... woman' voice Excuse I ... Excuse I ... we ... CUT to : int . garment loft -- afternoon Kay stand on the end of a factory table in a large , poorly convert downtown loft . she wear the same clothes as she do on the building and she foot dangle over the edge . penny ( 0.s. ) Excuse I . Kay turn . a formidable , stern - look woman in a sensible outfit stand in the doorway of the loft with a laptop case hold by she side . Kay look on , not move . we can see the table be surround by dozen of wad up tissue , several errant cigarettes and what look to be a bunch of letter strewn about as if recently look through . the city shine through the numerous , filthy window that stretch across the downtown garment loft which have be renovate into a large office . penny ( cont 'd ) be you Ms. eiffel ? kay ( in a hoarse voice ) yes. penny excellent . what be you do ? kay stand on a table . penny why ? kay Research . ( continued ) penny put 17 . penny be I interrupt ? kay sort of . she laptop case on a available table . penny my name 's penny escher . I be the assistant . the one the publisher hire . kay the watchdog . penny the assistant . kay so you be she to answer phone , file file , type memo ... penny yes . kay and watch over I so I do not get distract . penny I be here to make you life easier while you write . kay so I do not get distract . penny to help you ... kay because they think I be distract . penny yes. kay because they think I have writer 's block . penny look for a way to change the subject . penny ( see page on floor ) be that page ? kay they be letter . to I . penny be you write back ? ( continued ) 18 . penny look at she with a loom eye . kay no. penny come over to pick up the letter . she notice the cigarettes . . penny ah. and I imagine you smoke all this . cigarettes ? kay no . they come pre-smoke . penny ( without even a smile ) right . they mention you be funny . well ... please ... do not let I distract you . Kay step to the other edge of the table , find a cigarette in a tissue and light it . kay what do you think about leaping off a building ? penny I do not think about leaping off a building . kay yes you do . penny no . I try to think of nice thing . kay everyone think about leaping off a building . everyone . penny well , I certainly do not think about think about leaping off a building . kay they say -- I read this in this fantastically depress book -- that when you jump from a building , it 's rarely the impact that actually kill you . penny well , I be sure it do not help . kay there 's a ... there 's a photograph in it , a photograph , from the L.A. Times around forty year ago . call " the leaper " . {more } ( continued ) 19 . kay ( cont 'd ) it 's old but ... it 's beautiful . from above the corpse of a woman who have just leapt to she death . there 's , there 's blood around she head ..- like a halo . and she leg be ... buckle underneath she . and she arm have snap like a twig . ( pause ) but she face be so serene . so at peace . ( pause ) and I think it 's because when she die ... she could feel the wind against she face . Kay put out she cigarette . kay ( cont 'd ) ( with vulnerability ) I do not know how to kill harold crick . penny ( reassuringly ) I know . I have hear . kay I can not just ... it have to be perfect : exact , specific , poetic but not ... penny I know . kay I ... I just ... ( sigh ) as much as I would like to , I can not just throw harold off a building . penny Ms. eiffel . Kay . I have be a assistant for 18 year . I have help more than 20 author complete more than 35 book . I have never miss a deadline . I have never lose a writer to a block for longer than three week . I will be available to you every minute of every day of every week until the final punctuation be embed on the final page . I do not like loud music . I do not abide narcotic . I prefer to be call penny , not Ms. escher . and I will gladly and quietly help you kiil harold crick so we may both go on with we respective life . ( pause} and if you will allow I , I think it would benefit you greatly if you would cut back on the smoking . 20 . int . office -~ afternoon later that afternoon , harold arrive at he desk at the end of a long row of cubicle to find a note tape to he computer monitor . '' he peel the note off and read it : " let 's chat ! — Dr. cayly " harold just sigh - int . human resource office -- moment later the open layout allow for noise and activity spillage from the day care center into the common area right outside the door of Dr. cayly 's office . currently , three four- year- old be building a tower out of Lego block . harold pass by , but stop just before he enter the office . he look at the tower , then the block . child hi. harold you be gonna have a extra block . probably a red one . the kid just look at he . int . cayly office -- continuous harold sit in a small office light by candle and chinese lantern across from a older man in a puffy sweater with he leg tuck under he in a office chair ( dr . cayly ) . behind they scene we can hear the sound of child fighting over block . cayly I have a very interesting little " convo " with someone in you section . harold yeah ... cayly they say you be feel a little '' wibbly - wobbly " ... harold uh ... cayly catch a little cubicle fever ? harold I do not know . I think I be okay . ( continued ) 21 . cayly harold : a tree do not think it 's a tree . it be a tree . harold stare blankly . narrator ( v.o. } why be harold talk to this man ? this man be a idiot . harold look up . cayly speak , but we can not hear he as the narrator continue . narrator ( v.o.} ( cont 'd ) this man use word like '' wibbly - wobbly '' and '' convo '' and explain that tree be tree . of course tree be tree . harold know tree be tree . who do not know that tree be tree . the camera begin to zoom in on the ( concerned ) face of harold 's watch . narrator ( v.o.} ( cont 'd ) what harold do not know be why he could not shake the smell of brownie from he sense , why Ms. pascal have make he fingertip quiver and lip go numb . and this man be not help to explain that at all , nor anything at all really . something have to change . suddenly harold 's watch begin to beep . he 's jolted back to reality and cayly stop talk . harold look at he watch . the face flash blue , almost as if send a warning . harold sorry ... my ... that 's ... it 's not suppose to be beep . sorry . sorry . harold quickly stop he watch . he look at it . it look back . cayly harold ? harold huh ? oh. sorry . cayly what 's go on , harold ? harold I ... well . ( pause ) nothing . ( more ) ( continued ) ZZ . harold ( cont 'd ) {pause ) everything 's fine . cayly open a file . cayly listen , accord to you record you have not take vacation for a few year now . how about you take a break . use some of that '' vaycay " time . harold ' yeah . maybe that 's a good idea . cayly harold . I be not really suppose to do this but ... cayly get out of he chair and give harold a big hug . harold uh ... thanks . cayly take some " I time " , harold . maybe a bubble bath . cayly wink . narrator ( v.o. ) suddenly , harold be nauseate . int . human resource office -- continuous harold come out of cayly 's office and leave the human resource office . the camera . pan down to reveal the block build into a series of building on either side of a city street , one extra red block lie uselessly in the middle . the camera reveal a little Lego man in a black suit stand next to one of the building ... until he 's run over by a Lego bus handie by one of the toddler . dissolve to : ext . bus stop -~ later harold stand at the bus stop next to several other commuter . he look ready to go home , crawl into bed and possibly never come out . he be so wear out , he do not notice Ana walk up the sidewalk across the street . harold 's watch notice , as we reveal its ( excited ) face , but harold just stand there , stare reticently at the asphalt . suddenly there be a beeping sound . a few people look around , even check they cell phone . ( continued ) 23. harold look at he watch ; its blue face flash as it beeps loudly and constantly . everyone look at harold . Ana continue up the street . the watch keep beep at harold . narrator ( v.o. ) harold assume he watch be simply on the fritz , and never even think about what it be try to tell he . harold quickly press a few button , but the watch will not stop beeping nor flash . harold shake he watch . he drop he briefcase to deal with the watch , but the beeping only get louder . everyone begin to stare . Ana be almost go . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in fact , harold have never once pay attention to he watch , other than to find out the time . and , honestly , it drive he watch crazy . harold look at the sky , shaking he head . harold put he watch behind he back , to muffle the beeping . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and on this particular Wednesday evening , as harold wait for the bus , he watch suddenly stop ... if out of nothing else but sheer frustration . but only for a brief moment , after which it immediately stop beeping and flash '' enter time " Ana be go . harold never see she . harold look at he watch . he press a button on the side . harold uh ... do somebody happen to have the time ? commuter I have get 5:47 . harold quickly reset he watch to 5:47 and save it . narrator { v.o . ) so harold 's watch thrust he onto the mercy of the immitigable path of fate . for as he reset the time of he watch , little do harold know that this . simple , seemingly innocuous act would ultimately result in he death . the air be suck out of harold as he hear this . ( continued ) 24 . harold what ? he look up . . everyone look . | harold ( cont 'd ) what !? hey ! , ( pause ) do you ... do you just ... do ... you say it would ultimately result in my death !? ... it would ... I be sorry ... hello -- do you say in my death ? . ( pause ) hello ?.~ harold quickly try to change the read on the watch . frantic , he be unable to get he finger to work properly . he look up . harold ( cont 'd ) why ? why my death !? hello ! why !? ( pause ) talk to I !! but there be no response . harold continue to yell into the sky but he be drown out by the screeching brake of the bus , which come to a stop directly in front of he . int . live room -- later harold come barrel into he live room , throw down he briefcase and overcoat . he nearly trip over he ottoman . harold okay . where be you ? int . bathroom -- continuous harold burst into he bathroom and immediately grab he toothbrush . he look up , expect to hear the voice . he put toothpaste on it . he run water . he begin brush he tooth , and with each move he pause in the hope the voice will return . harold why will not you say anything !? he throw down he toothbrush . harold ( cont 'd ) I hear you . " ... that would ultimately result in he death . " I hear you !! he spit and storm out . eu. int . bedroom -- continuous harold randomly begin grab thing : tye , lamp , pillow , ete. try to elicit a response from the omniscient voice . harold come on you stupid voice ! '' harold , frantic , pick up he lamp . " oshake the lamp ) '' harold , incense , shook the hell out of it for no apparent reason . " overcome with anguish he drop the lamp he 's pick up . harold ( cont 'd ) " upset , he drop the stupid lamp ! " " the lamp crash to the ground and shattered into a hundred piece ... " " harold storm to he closet ! " something ! ( pause ) say something ! he collapse against he bed . harold ( cont 'd ) " harold , distraught , begin to just ... " ( pause ) " harold , distraught , could not ... " ( pause ) " harold , distraught ... '' blackout . the follow appear on screen : " it do not get a answer except 011 011 01 ... " -~ sleater - kinney int . therapist's office -- afternoon harold sit across from a thin , very old woman in bifocal , dr . mittag -leffler , in a large and upscale office . he seem uncomfortable on the long , leather sofa , sit at the far end with he leg fold and arm cross . mittag -leffler so you be here , not because you hear voice , but because you stop hearing voice . harold I ... I suppose . mittag -leffler I be afraid what you be describe be schizophrenia . harold no. no . it 's not schizophrenia . it 's just a voice in my head . I mean ... I mean , the voice be not tell I to do anything , it 's tell I what I have already do . ( more ) ( continued ) she shake 26 . harold ( cont 'd ) accurately , and with a better vocabulary . mittag -leffler Mr. crick , you have a voice speak to you . harold no . not tome . about I . I be somehow inextricably involved in some type of story . I be like a character in my own life . but ... see the problem be that the voice come and go , like there be other part of the story not be tell to I ahd I need to know what that other part be before it 's too late . mittag-leffler before the story conclude ... with you death . , harold yes. she head . mittag -leffler Mr. crick , I hate to sound like a break record , but that 's schizophrenia . harold you do not sound like a break record , it 's just not schizophrenia . she just look at he . harold ( cont 'd ) okay . what if what I say be true . what if , please ... just , hypothetically . if I be part of a story ... a narrative , even only in my own mind ... ( pause ) what would you suggest I do ? mittag-leffler I would suggest you take prescribe medication . harold other than that . mittag-leffler I do not know ... I would ... I would have you speak to someone who know about literature ... I suppose . {continued } 27. harold okay . thanks . thank you . that 's ... yes . that 's a good idea . he stand . mittag -leffler but please Mr. crick , if the voice tell you to quit you job ... or move into a refrigerator box ... or make any unusually large weapon purchase ... please call I . int . office -- afternoon harold sit in he cubicle , scour through information online . he rub he eye . he click on a link . a new window open to reveal a picture of a man behind a desk in a office fill with book . harold scan the web page , come across text that read something to the effect of , " literary Dean emeritus : Professor Jules hilbert . " he click on the name . a new photograph be reveal of hilbert conduct a seminar . the caption read : " Professor hilbert in he most popular course : the entire History of everything literate . harold scan the caption . his finger stop on the name , '' Professor hilbert . " ext . urban university campus ~- afternoon the campus be situate in the middle of the city : several tall building situate around a common area : a smaller , more metropolitan version of a quad . harold consult a fold piece of yellow paper try to be what it say to the series of large , impose building around he . '' there be several coed study , play catch and relax on the lawn . a older man stand upright , hold a old , beat up pair of glass a couple foot below he , apparently use they to read a book that lie open at he foot . harold continue a few step before stop a pass student . harold Excuse I ... hi. can you tell I where the erdos Offices be ? student sure . they be right back over there behind that big brick building . hey be you the new econ professor ? harold no . why would you -- ( continued ) 28. student listen , how hard 's you class . I need a easy a . : harold '' I ... I do not ... student be show up mandatory ? harold ( pause ) no. come whenever you like . bring beer . where be the erdos Offices , again ? JI have a meeting with Professor hilbert . student oh . he 's not in the erdos Offices . harold he 's not ? student no . he 's stand with he glass out right next to that oak tree . harold turn . harold oh . student see you in class . int . erdos office -~ moment later harold be lead down a long , dark corridor with row of office on either side by professor hilbert , a short , older man who speed down the hall at a clipped pace , one arm through one sleeve of a tweed jacket hold a cup of coffee , the other out of the jacket hold the book he be read . professor hilbert so you be the young gentleman who call I about the narrator ? harold yes . professor hilbert say you be gonna die . harold uh ... yes . professor hilbert uh-huh . how long have it give you to live ? harold I do not know . ( continued ) 29 . Professor hilbert stop and look squarely at harold . professor hilbert Dramatic irony . it will fuck you every time . he pat harold on the shoulder than lead he into a office . int . hilbert 's office -- continuous hilbert 's office be quite the same as the photograph and match he perfectly : there be book everywhere except on the bookshelve , various laterai-think puzzle be strewn about ( almost all solve ) and several roll up carpet inexplicably lean in the corner . a currently brewing coffee maker sit on the windowsill . professor hilbert please . recline . hilbert offer harold the couch which be cover in book . harold find a six inch space and sit . hilbert toss out he coffee and pour himself another cup . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) coffee ? harold uh ... no . no thank you . professor hilbert sure ? harold yes . professor hilbert so , you be crazy or what ? harold well -- professor hilbert be you allow to say that to crazy people ? harold I do not know . professor hilbert oh well . how many tile in the hallway out there ? harold what ? professor hilbert you be count they as we walk be not you ? harold no . ( continued ) 30 . professor hilbert of course . what bank do you work at ? harold no bank . IRS auditor . professor hilbert live alone ? harold yes . . professor hilbert any pet ? harold no . if we could just -- professor , hilbert Friends ? harold no. well. Dave . at work . professor hilbert I see . the narrator . exactly what do he sound like ? harold it 's ... it 's a woman . professor hilbert huh . be it a familiar woman ? someone you know ? harold no . professor hilbert but this woman tell you you be go to die ? harold well , she do not tell I , she tell -- professor hilbert but you believe she . harold well ... she would be right about a few other thing . professor hilbert such as ? harold how I feel about work . professor hilbert you hate you work . ( continued ) 31 . harold yes . professor hilbert well . not the most insightful voice in the world be it ... ist thing on a list of what american 's say they hate ? work. 2nd ? traffic . 3rd ? miss sock . see what I be say ? harold sort of . professor hilbert I tell you you be go to die , you believe I ? harold no . professor hilbert why ? harold tt do not know you . professor hilbert but you do not know this narrator either . harold well ... hilbert swallow the rest of he coffee in one gulp and go to refill he cup . professor hilbert okay , Mr. crick . I can not help you . harold why ? professor hilbert well , I be not a expert in crazy . I be a expert in literature and I gotta tell you , thus far there 's not a single literary thing about you . harold what ? professor hilbert I do not doubt you hear a voice , but it could not possibly be a narrator because frankly there do not seem to be much to narrate . besides that , this semester I be teach five course , mentoring two doctorate candidate and I be the faculty lifeguard at the pool . {continued ) harold ( devastate ) oh. I ... I just , I think you -- professor hilbert ofeel sorry for he . ) perhaps you should keep a journal , write down what she 's say to you or something . harold I can barely remember it all . I ' just remember , " Little do he know that this single , seemingly innocuous event . would lead to he death . " professor hilbert ( overlap ) [ aaah ... I ' 11 tell you ... Hawaiian coffee be simply ~ -} what ? harold " Little do he know this -- " professor hilbert do you say , " Little do he know ? " harold yes . professor hilbert dear God . I have write papers on '' Little do he know ... " I nearly teach a course on " Little do he know ... " harold shrug . harold oh . professor hilbert -- sonofabitch . harold , '' little do he know " mean there 's something he do not know . that mean there 's something you do not know . that 's ... Christ ... the voice be literally in 3rd person . do you know that ? harold no . I do not know that . I also do not know what " innocuous " mean . professor hilbert harold . I want you to come back on Tuesday . no . you could be dead by Tuesday . come back tomorrow . at 1:30 . {continued } 33. harold five second ago you say you would not help I . professor hilbert it 's be a very revealing five second , harold . harold {pause ) okay . ( pause. reassure ) okay . thank you . professor hilbert good. good. listen . if the voice return , do not resist it . but do not provoke it . and it 's probably wise to avoid start sentence with " this be the last time I dot dot dot " ... hilbert wink at he . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) I will see you tomorrow . int . bus ~~ evening harold sit alone in a seat towards the back of the bus . he stare out at the sleek city as it pass by he window . he seem deep in think . narrator harold be deep in think ... harold look up at the voice quickly . he then rummages to find a legal pad and a pen and begin transcribe the narration as best as he can . narrator ( cont 'd ) for a few brief moment , from bear boulevard to euclid Ave. , all the calculation and all the time and all the precision of harold 's life just fade away . the bus come to a stop and passengers get off and come on . narrator ( cont 'd ) how perfect then , that in this space , Ana pascal would appear . he quickly look to see Ana pascal walk up the aisle towards he . she see he and immediately turn around and start to walk back towards the front of the bus . harold Ms. pascal ! ( pause ) Ms. pascal ! {continued ) 34 , she can not move forward any further as a very large man be stand in she way . she 's stick . . harold ( cont 'd ) Ms. pascal , it 's I ... harold crick ... from the IRS ! she turn around . in fact , everyone turn around . ana hi. harold ( indicate the several empty one ) hi ... would you like a seat ? ana no . harold there 's eleven open one . ana I do not care . the bus start move forward , propelling she towards the back . off balance , she just sit down across the aisle from harold . they look at each other uncomfortably . harold how be you ? ana lousy . I be be audite . harold oh . of course . ana by a real creep too . harold oh . they sit , awkwardly and silently . harold ( cont 'd ) uh ... I think I owe you a apology . ana really ? harold well ... IRS auditor be give rigorous aptitude test before we can begin work ... we be test on arithmetic , number theory , memory , ( more ) {continued ) 35 . harold ( cont 'd ) cognitive skill , synthesis ... the whole gamut ... ( pause ) unfortunately for you , we be not test on tact or good manners . {pause} so ... I apologize I ... uh ... ogle you . Ana think about it . ana apology accept . but only because you stammer . they smile at each other . harold 's watch look on ( happily ) . narrator harold nervously make small talk . harold so , you be a frequenter of the metropolitan transit authority too ? narrator very small talk . ana no. I be just late . harold ah ... big flag burn to get to ? ana my weekly evil conspiracy and needlepoint group . would you like to come along ? harold no . I leave all my thimble and socialist read material at home . she laugh . a real laugh . the kind you get from people who actually like you . harold ( cont 'd ) you uh ... you ... have ... uh ... very ... straight tooth . ana thanks . they be real . narrator harold quickly calculate the odd of make a ass of himself in ratio to the amount of time he stay to chat . {continued } 36 . harold actually I should go . this be my stop . the side door open and he hop out . she smile to herself . ext . outside bus -~ continuous harold step down , somewhat relieved that the conversation be not a total travesty . narrator ( v.0 . } harold be elate and surprised by , he somewhat flirtatious encounter with Ms. pascal . harold beam : upward . narrator ( cont 'd ) so elate he exite . the Transit Authority Bus a good 27 block too early and would now have to walk . he look around . his shoulder sag . harold goddamnit , could not you tell I that earlier ? [ sonofabitch . } he begin to walk down the street . bad religion 's " Stranger than fiction " begin ( track 3 on you cd ) . int . bathroom -~- night harold brushes he tooth in he mint color bathroom , still count brush stroke but slightly less emphatically . his wristwatch look on from the nightstand in a close up . int . bedroom -- moment later harold crawl into bed , gently remove he wristwatch and place it on the nightstand next to he . he press a few of its button to set its alarm . ext . CITY STREET ~~ morning harold , peach between he tooth , hurry towards the bus stop while put on he black overcoat and carry a briefcase . he count he step come to a precise halt as he reach the stop , he lip move slightly to himself . he look . the bus be just now approach . he make it with plenty of time . his watch ( smugly ) peer up at he . the music fade ... int . hilbert office -- morning Professor hilbert , a book open in he hand , open he door and let harold in , the office be much the same . ( continued ) rain tap on the window with wet fingertip . professor hilbert Mr. crick , come in come in ... please . how be you ? harold I be ... I be alright actually . professor hilbert good . great . Count the tile outside ? harold ( lie ) no . professor hilbert ( also lie } of course not . he jump from he seat grab a notebook and pen and a pair of bifocal . he quickly pour himself a cup of coffee . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) I have devise a test -~- how exciting be that !-- with around 23 question that I think might help uncover more truth about this narrator . now , this may seem silly , but you candor be paramount . harold okay . agreed . he place the notebook on the desk in front of he and hold out he glass . professor hilbert good . so ... we know it 's a woman 's voice , the story involve you death , it 's modern , it 's in English and I be assume the author have a cursory knowledge of the city . harold sure . professor hilbert good . okay , question 1 : have anyone recently leave any gift outside you home ... anything : gum , money ... a large wooden horse ? harold what ? professor hilbert harold , just answer the question . harold uh ... no . ( continued ) wus hilbert write down the answer but do not stop . professor hilbert good . do you find yourself inclined . the solve murder mystery in large , luxurious home to which you may or May not have be invite ? : harold no. no. listen -- professor hilbert okay . on a scale of one to ten , what would you consider to be the ' likelihood you might be assassinate . harold assassinate ? professor hilbert one be very unlikely , ten be expect it at every corner . . harold I do not ... I ... professor hilbert perhaps , let I re-phrase this . be you the King of anything ? harold like what ? professor hilbert anything . King of the lane at the local bowl alley . harold King of the lane ? professor hilbert King of the lane ? King of the troll ? a clandestine land find underneath you floorboard ? anything ? harold no . that 's ridiculous -- professor hilbert agreed . but let 's start at ridiculous and move backwards . now ... be any part of you now at one time part of something else . harold like , do I have someone else 's arm ? professor hilbert well , be it possible that you be at one time make of stone , wood , lye , varied corpse part or earth make holy by rabbinical elder ? ( continued ) 3y . harold no. no . that as. no ... I be sorry , what do this question have to do with anything ? professor hilbert nothing . that 's the point . harold what ? professor hilbert harold . the only way to find out what story you be in be to determine what storey you be not in . odd as it may seem , I have just rule out half of Greek literature , seven fairy tale , ten chinese fable , and determine conclusively you be not King hamlet , scout finch , Ms. marple , frankenstein 's monster or a golem . ( pause ) be not you relieved to know you be not a golem ? harold I ... I guess . professor hilbert good . then just answer the question ... a screech of tire and suddenly and you will know we by the Trail of Dead ( track 4 on you cd ) begin to play ... CUT to : ext . intersection -- continuous to avoid the young blonde boy on he new bicycle , a suv with Kay inside be now spin out of control across the wet surface of a rainy intersection . the suv hop the curb , head directly towards a boutique shoe store . customer and employees ( include the middle - age black woman , now in a employee 's uniform of khakis , white shirt with a name tag ) dive out of the way as the suv crash violently through the front display window and into the store , the impact thrust Kay to crash through she windshield . the suv send shoe and glass everywhere and come to a halt in the middle of the store . people rush from outside towards the store . some just stand in shock . the young boy ride he bicycle , disappear behind a corner . rain pour over the gash in the window , jag shard of glass frame the destroy suv and Kay 's corpse on its hood , surround by scattered shoe . {continued } 40. from behind a pile , the middle - age black woman rise , unhurt and relieved to be alive . with the single note of the violin we ... dissolve to : ext . corner across from shoe store -- continuous across the street sit Kay on a bus stop bench , stare across the street and smoking . she just shake she head and dispose of she cigarette in she bizarre , disgusting manner . next to she be penny , hold a umbrella . both stare at the shoe store , which be completely intact . penny Kay . May I ask what we be do out here ? kay we be imagine car wreck . . penny I see . and we can not imagine they inside ? kay no . do you know 41 % of accident in this city occur in time of inclement weather ? penny so do 90 % of pneumonia case . kay really ? pneumonia . that 's a interesting way to die . but how would harold catch pneumonia ? besides , it take forever to kill someone with pneumonia . even if he catch it in chapter 10 , he would not finally keel over until chapter 17 at least . penny shake she head . penny Kay . have you actually write today ? kay no. penny I would like you to write at least a page upon we return to the office . kay Fine . ( continued ) 41 . penny and I would be remiss not to remind you that the publisher expect to see something soon . kay they can see my ass . she hack a terrible cough . penny puil a pamphlet out of she jacket pocket and hand it to Kay . kay ( cont 'd ) what be this ? penny literature on the nicotine patch program . kay ( coyly ) penny . you should just take up smoking . it 's much more enjoyable . cur to : int . hilbert office -- continuous we catch back up with hilbert and harold as they finish the quiz . professor hilbert okay . we be almost do , harold . just a few more . ( pause ) do you subscribe to any belief system ? harold be math a belief system ? professor hilbert sure . harold good . I believe in math . professor hilbert alright . what 's you most favorite word ? harold ( pause ) integer . professor hilbert good. good . do you aspire to anything : conquer Russia , win a whistling contest ... anything ? harold uh ... no . ( continued ) 42. professor hilbert harold . you must have some ambition . harold , I do not think so . professor hilbert some underlying dream ...? think harold . harold uh ... I have always want my life to be more musical . have professor hilbert like West side Story ? harold no ... like , well ... ( pause ) . I have always want to learn to play the guitar . professor hilbert okay . that count . good. very good . {pause ) last one : what 's you secret ? harold look at he . harold my secret ? ' professor hilbert yes . what be it about you that no one but you know ? harold think for a moment . harold well ... ( pause ) I count thing . professor hilbert harold . that 's not a secret . it 's absolutely obvious you count thing . why do you count thing ? harold take a deep breath . harold I do not know . sometimes , if I feel a little strange , it just make I feel better . they share a look between they . hilbert nod . professor hilbert okay . we be do . excellent . ( more ) ( continued ) to . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) I think the next step be to determine conclusively if you be in a comedy or a tragedy . to quote italo calvino , " the ultimate meaning to which all storey refer have two face : the continuity of life , the inevitability of death . '' harold {pause } what ? professor hilbert tragedy you die . Comedy you get hitched . harold {facetiously ) oh. great . professor hilbert what 's wrong ? harold I have not even be on a date in three year . professor hilbert well ... most comic heroes fall in love with people who be introduce after the story have begin , usually people who hate the hero initially , although I can not imagine anyone hat you . harold Professor hilbert . I be a auditor . nobody like I . professor hilbert not dislike you . hate you . detest you . loathes the very core of you . anybody like that ? harold think . harold there 's somebody who I just meet who I know really really do not like I . professor hilbert well , that sound like a comedy ... try to develop that plot . harold how ? professor hilbert there 's no real approach . ( more ) ( continued ) a 4. professor hilbert ( cont 'd} except ... well , if push come to shove ... ask she to talk about the past . harold look at he watch . harold uh-oh . I do not want to be late . harold get up and begin to leave . professor hilbert alright . take care . call I if the ' plot twist . : int . LIBERTY bakery -- morning harold come into the bakery carry not only he briefcase but he pad of paper and a pen . the bakery be not as busy as before but still bustles . the homeless man be back with he dog . harold see Ana behind the counter . he wave . she do not . harold make a mark in he pad . he come to the side of the counter where Ana meet he . ana Morning , Mr. crick . harold Morning . harold make another mark in he pad . ana you be here early . must have a lot of people to extort . he force a laugh , smile and make another mark . harold no. no. just you . actually , it should only take I the day to make sure the 27 % be all you owe . ana I will not be pay , no matter the percent , Mr. crick . harold I know . but the percent determine how big you cell be . he chuckle . she do not . harold ( cont 'd ) and ... you can call I harold . ana I know . I do not want to . ( continued ) 45 . harold oh . he make another mark in he pad . she notice . ana what be you mark ? harold oh. this ? uh ... nothing . nothing . he hold it close to himself to hide it from she . harold ( cont 'd ) why do not we start with you tax file from the previous four year . ana sure . she give he a coy smile and lift the counter top so he may pass through . ana ( cont 'd ) this way . she lead he towards the back . he loosen he grip on he pad . a close look reveal that he 's make two column : Comedy and tragedy . he 's be mark that thing that lean towards each , respectively . it 's currently two to two . int . office -- moment later harold sit down at a desk and be present with a large box full of loose papers . harold what 's this ? ana my file . harold what ? ana my tax file . harold in this box ? ana I be sorry . I be not inform they have to be present in a organize fashion . harold you keep you tax file like this ? ( continued ) 46 . ana no. actually I be very fastidious about my filing . I put they in this box just to fuck with you . the hive ' " knock knock " begin to play ( track 5 on you cd ) . we begin a montage : harold take off he coat and roll up he sleeve . Ana help customer out in the bakery . harold can not make head or tail of the papers . harold very kindly confront Ana about a few figure , only to have she ignore he . harold mark he pad . he check he watch : 1:00 pm harold come out of the office and stretch . as Ana pass he try to strike up a conversation . she just walk right past he . he shake he head . he mark he pad . harold come out the back door of the bakery , carry a paper sack lunch and he pad . he approach Ana who sit on the break bench eat . harold sit next to she and she quickly toss out she sandwich and go inside . harold open up he pad . Ana struggle with a hot cookie sheet . harold try to help by take it from she but be not wear oven mitt and burn he finger . Ana suggest that maybe he return to he work . harold mark he pad . harold shake he fist in frustration at the work . harold hang he head , exhaust . harold finish he work . he rub he eye and check he watch . it 's 8:30 pm . the music fade ... int . kitchen -- continuous the bakery have shut down for the evening save for a small area of the kitchen where Ana be transfer cookie from a sheet to a cool rack . there be only a few light on and Ana work silently and peacefully . harold come out of the office , exhaust , carry he briefcase , jacket and pad . he stand for a moment and watch she . ( continued ) 4a/. ana ( pause ) hi. harold {pause} hi. ana ( pause ) everyone 's go . harold {pause } I know . ana {pause ) I make too much batter so I be baking off some cookie . harold ( pause . look around . ) where do all the other food go ? ana well , we try to only make what we think we will sell . the smail_ amount leave over we give to the shelter up the street . harold ah ... well ... goodnight . he go to leave . she look after he . ana want a cookie ? harold stop , and think , but he 's give up . harold uh ... no. ana come on . they be warm and gooey , fresh out of the oven ... harold no . I do not like cookie . ana you do not like cookie ? harold no . ana ( pause ) what the fuck be wrong with you ? {continued ) 48. harold I ... I do not ... ana everybody like cookie . harold I just -- ana after . a really awful , no good day , do not you mother ever give you milk and cookie ? / harold no . my mother could not bake . all the cookie I ever have be store buy . ana : what about birthday cake ? harold store buy . ana Breakfast muffins ? harold store buy . frozen . thawed in the oven . ana ° bake sale brownie ? harold private school . no bake sale . ana ( pause . sincerely ) that 's probably what turn you into a evil government drine . harold no . actually , I be kidnap by gypsy accountant as a teenager . she laugh . harold ( cont 'd ) really . a nomadic tribe of abacus builder . it 's that same laugh . the wonderful , human , loving one from the bus . suddenly she stop and look at he . they stare at each other for a moment . her lip part . his finger twitch . ( continued ) ay . harold 's watch look on ( anxiously ) . the pad of paper reveal they lopsided fate : comedy 7 , tragedy 114 . harold 's watch wait . then ... ana oorder } okay . sit down . harold listen , I should be ... ana no . sit down . he sit on a stool across the butcher block from she . she go to a cupboard and pull out a glass and a plate . she go to the refrigerator and pull out a bottle of milk , then pour some into the glass . she bring the glass and plate over to the block , place a single cookie on the plate and place the plate in front of harold . harold thank you . I ... ana eat the cookie . harold I really -- ana eat the cookie . harold Ms. pascal - — ana ( sweetly ) it be a really awful , no good day . I know . I make sure of it . so pick up the cookie , dip it in the goddamn milk and eat the fuck thing . she slide the plate closer to he . he cautiously take a cookie , dunk it and bite into it . his eye light up , he shoulder relax , he breathes . harold wow ... that 's ... that 's a ... really good cookie . once again she suddenly stop and look at he . they stare at each other for a moment . her lip part . his finger twitch . ( continued ) ou . harold 's watch look on ( anxiously} . the pad of paper reveal they lopsided fate . harold 's watch wait . then .. : she take the plate and go to get he more cookie . : harold ( cont 'd ) so. ( pause ) when do you decide to become a baker ? ana oh . in college . harold oh. like , " cooking college ? " ana no. I go to Harvard Law . harold oh. oh. geez. I - - sorry . I just assume ... sorry . ana no . it 's alright . I do not finish . T uh ... uh ... she bring a plate with more cookie to harold . harold do something happen ? ana not really . I be ... I be barely accept . I mean , barely . the only reason they let I come be because of my essay . how I be go to make the world a better place with my degree . and I go there think ... well , I go think that I might make a difference and uh ... well ... Harvard Law have the smartest people in the world , people who will one day shape the earth , and it 's competitive and vicious and exhaust ... and I would have to participate in this study session , classmate and I , all night long . sometimes for a couple day straight . and so ... she trail off , stare into space again , unsure whether to proceed , once again she suddenly stop and look at he . they stare at each other for a moment . her lip part . {continued ) si. his finger twitch . harold 's watch look on ( anxiously ) . the pad of paper reveal they lopsided fate . harold 's watch wait . then ... gently , harold push the plate of cookie across to she . she look at he , then at the plate . she sit down , pick up a cookie , then continue ... ana ( cont 'd ) and so I would bake -- cookie usually -- so no one would go hungry while we work . I would bake all afternoon in the kitchen in the dorm before a big study session and write down what I be do in one of that black mead journal they sell by the gross in the campus bookstore , and I would bring my little treat to the study group ... and people love they . oatmeal cookie . peanut butter bar . chocolate chip and macadamia nut wedge . and everyone would eat and stay happy and study harder and do better on the test and more people would come to the study group and the study group get better and I would make more snack and try to find better recipe and the result would always get better and better and soon it be cheese and apricot croissant and mocha bar with almond glaze and lemon chiffon cake with Zesty Peach icing and we study group be famous around all of Cambridge : not because we have the most copious note , or the smartest people , but because we have the best snack ... she get up and go to the cookie sheet and begin to remove the cookie and put they on a large paper plate . she yank a strip of plastic wrap from a tube and wrap the larger plate of cookie . ana ( cont 'd ) and at the end of the spring term ... I have 27 study partner , eight black mead journal fill with recipe ... and a D average . ( pause ) so I drop out . simply , without alarm , and without any regret . {pause ) I just figure , if I be gonna make the world a better place ... I would do it with cookie . ( continued ) 52 . harold stare at she , obviously enamor . she look at he plate . there 's only one cookie leave . ana ( cont 'd ) ' I be glad you like they . harold iouh ... I do . thank you for force I to eat they . ana you be welcome . they look at each other for a moment . harold find himself suddenly nervous . he look at he watch . harold I should go . thank you . thanks again . I mean . for the cookie . she take a moment , then she offer the larger plate . ana why do not you take they ? harold no. ana " no ? " harold no. really . ana I ... be you ... harold no. ana oh. ( slightly hurt ) okay . harold I mean . I ... I would but , uh ... I can not , ana you can not . harold it ... see , it constitute a gift and we be not allow to ... ana oh. harold I should not have even have the other one . ( continued ) DS . ana I be not go to tell anyone . harold I know . but if you do , I could -- ana I be not go to -- harold I know , but if you do -- I could ... ( pause ) tell you what , I will purchase they ... ana what ? no. that 's ... no ... nevermind . go home . harold I could ... ana no. that ... that ... [ totally defeat the purpose ] . no . go home . harold but I really -- ana go home . he stop . he get he coat , pick up he briefcase and head for the door . he suddenly realize and turn around . harold ( pause ) you baked that cookie for I do not you ? embarrass , she simply shrug . harold ( cont 'd ) you be try to be nice to I and I totally blow it ... she shrug . harold ( cont 'd ) and that may very well be the last time you try to be nice again ... she look at he ... and then , once more , shrug . he hang he head . he pull out he pad and he pen . he open the pad and make one last mark . harold ( cont 'd ) I know this will just sound like gibberish to you ... ( pause ) .».. but I think I be in a tragedy . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 , harold ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) and if I be ... it 's no one 's fault but my own . he turn and leave . ext . CITY -~ night harold walk down the sidewalk , the light of the city play against all the glass and steel . narrator ( v.o. ) ' perhaps , to say harold crick do not give enough credit to fate be similar to say that he do not give enough credit to major locomotive train accident . as anyone else could explain , the precision with which fate must work in order to cause two train to exist on the same track at the same time , in spite of all the technology and human resource be absolutely remarkable and unlike any phenomenon of the modern world . harold have a seat at the bus stop , the homeless man and he dog sit next to he . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) harold 's death be quickly approach ... and he still remain completely oblivious to the moment when he , carla 's and the boy on the bicycle 's course would smash into each other . here he be . alone . Ms. pascal block away , walk in the opposite direction . harold write down the name " carla " . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) fate , like two careen locomotive , would occur with or without he participation . and the miraculous mathematics of this remain inconceivable for even a true calculator such as harold . he write down " boy on bicycle " . he sigh . narrator {( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) harold could not understand fate . he could not understand the behavior of he watch . he could not even understand the desire of he own heart . so he certainly could not understand the poetry of train wreck . CUT to : int . locker room -- afternoon a locker close , revealing Professor hilbert . professor hilbert well the first thing be do not get on any train . harold stand in a suit , carry a briefcase next to other swimmer who dry off from the shower . we can see that Professor hilbert be wear a neon green speedo cap , with orange goggle and a pair of really tight purple speedo short . hilbert . lock a combination lock and toss a towel around he shoulder . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) any idea who " carla " and " the boy on the bicycle " be ? harold I think they be other character . professor hilbert maybe . maybe . fantastic . they begin to walk past the locker and around a corner . past the coach 's office where hilbert take a whistle off a hook . harold Professor hilbert , please . I totally fail at the comic hero thing . in fact , I think she like I even less . professor hilbert I know . it 's great . harold what ? they walk towards a set of door , behind which we hear water and giggle . professor hilbert you prove something else entirely . the voice seem to be dependent on action you take . you say the voice arrive when you do certain thing , then stop when you do not do that thing . it may be that you yourself be perpetuate this story . harold okay . professor hilbert so I suggest we try something else . harold what about Ms. pascal ? ( continued ) 56 . professor hilbert forget she . harold forget she ? other than number she 's all I think about . professor hilbert harold , if you want to stay alive , you have to try something else . harold try what ? professor hilbert nothing . harold nothing ? professor hilbert see ... some plot be move forward by external event or crisis ... other be move forward by the character themselves . he point to the door . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) if I go through that door that plot continue . the story of I through the door . if I stay here ... that plot can not move forward , the story end . ( pause ) also , if I stay here , I be late . hilbert go through the door . harold follow . int , swimming pool -~ continuous several faculty member use the pool , most of whom in terrible swim attire . none of they pay any attention to harold or hilbert . professor hilbert harold . do not do anything tomorrow . harold what ? professor hilbert stay home . do not answer the phone . do not open the door . do not brush you tooth . harold what about work ? professor hilbert call they tonight . tell they you be not come . ( continued ) 57 . harold do not go to work !? professor hilbert do not do anything that may move the plot forward . instead , let 's see if the pilot find you . he put he nose plug in and climb up to the lifeguard 's chair . harold be leave stand . int . bedroom -- night harold turn down he sheet , about to climb into bed . he start to take he watch off but stop . cuT to : int . live room -- moment later the area immediately surround the couch have be transformed into a makeshift campground : a cooler rest at one end of the couch , a bowl full of water rest on the coffee table next to a bar of soap and a hand towel , and bag of beef jerky and chip be pile on the floor next to couch . harold toss a pillow down on the couch as a final touch . he take he watch off . dissolve to : int . live room -- morning harold 's watch , at rest next to the hand towel , display 7:15 and begin to beep . harold appear from underneath a blanket on the couch , already dress . he turn off the beep without look at he watch . he sit up and look at the television , which be already on . he shift as he realize he have to pee . he sigh , then reach underneath he coffee table to pull out a tupperware jar . the camera respectfully look away . dissolve to : int . live room -- mid-morning harold continue to sit in the middle of the couch , watch television . the glow from the television quickly change . television she 's a robot ! she 's a girl ! she 's a barrel of laugh ! come up next : four hour of '' small wonder " back to back to back as part of we Super eighties marathon ! ( continued ) 38 . harold pick up the remote to change the channel but remember . he put the remote down . dissolve to : int . live room -- noon harold munch on package popcorn and watch the television vapidly . the phone ring . - harold look at the phone . it ring again . he just stare at it . it ring again . he look at the television then back at the telephone , longingly . dissolve to : int . live room -- mid -afternoon harold be virtually comatose . television awwww ... that be the last episode of '' small wonder " for today ... harold 's eye pop open . he look 's at the television excitedly . television ( cont 'd ) but do not worry , we have three full hour of mr . belvedere !!! harold 's face drop . the phone ring again . harold sink he head into he hand . dissolve to ; int . live room ~-- late afternoon harold stare at the television , the sun set behind it . there be a SOUND at the door . harold turn to look . the mail slot open and several different size piece of mail come through the door and plop onto harold 's floor . the phone ring , harold 's face twinge with frustration . the phone ring again . the t.v. audience laugh . suddenly harold 's watch begin to beep . harold , shocked , go to shut it off but stop . a shadow quickly descend over the apartment and a large creaking sound can be hear . harold see something out of the corner of he eye . he turn . harold 's Pov : outside he bay window , behind the television , quickly approach a wreck ball , head straight for the back of Mr. belvedere 's head and the rest of harold 's apartment . ( continued ) harold be just able to grab he watch and jump over the back of he couch before the wreck ball shatter the front of harold 's apartment with a tremendous crash . Glass and debris be send fly into the room as the wall crumble around the enormous ball ... which stop short of the couch at the end of its swing . harold remain crouch behind he couch , until he hear the large creaking of the wreck ball retreate . he peek over the back . although he couch remain intact and unmove , the rest of harold 's live room be now a gape hole . harold slowly stand and can see a large crane with a wreck ball on the street two storey below . he walk towards the edge of he apartment . a large crew of people in hardhat stand in the street surveying the wreckage . harold hey !! at first no one notice . harold ( cont 'd ) hey !! what be you do !? hey !!!! he shake he arm at they . ext . STREET -- continuous the foreman and a few member of the crew look up . on the third story of a partially demolish brownstone stand harold , yell from the precipice of he apartment . foreman Holy crapping hell ! crew member who the hell be that ? foreman stop the crane -- stop the crane} ! another crew member stop the crane !! the Foreman walk over to the sidewalk underneath harold 's apartment . foreman hey ! harold hey ! what be you do !? foreman we ? what be you do ? ( continued ) 60 . harold well , I be watch Mr. belvedere ! foreman ' we be demolosh this place ! harold I notice ! foreman ( look in ) be that ... be that a couch ? harold . yes itt a couch . it 's my couch ! foreman well what be you couch do in there ? harold I live here , stupid ! this be where I keep my stuff . my name 's on the goddamn buzzer ! '' harold crick . apartment 3b . 1893 mccarthy . '' the Foreman pause momentarily . foreman do you say eighteen ninety Three mccarthy ? harold yes . the foreman look at he pad . foreman oh. ( pause ) woop . CUT to : int . classroom -~ later Professor hilbert address he class until he be interrupt by harold who just barge in . harold be a complete mess and carry two suit case on either side of he . harold so ... I be do nothing , like you say ... and then ... a wreck ball come fly into my apartment . professor hilbert Holy crapping hell . ( continued ) 61 . harold it be ... I be not exactly sure it be plot ... I be hope you would just say it be a very bad coincidence . professor hilbert meeting a insurance agent the day you policy run out be coincidence . get a letter from the Emperor say he 's visit be plot . ( pause ) a wreck ball ... be something else entirely . hilbert 's class write this down emphatically . cur to : int . hallway ~- moment later harold and Professor hilbert stand in the hallway , continue they conversation . hilbert take a big , deep breath . professor hilbert ( pause ) you do not control you fate , harold . harold {audibly despondent ) I know . professor hilbert it 's ... harold ... let 's : this be a last ditch effort but it 's possible , I mean - - do you still have the journal of thing the narrator say ? harold yes . professor hilbert well , it 's possible , through analysis of sentence structure and some extensive vernacular profiling , I could conceivably figure out who 's write this story . harold and then what ? professor hilbert and maybe , possibly , you could ask she to stop ... but I can not make any guarantee . harold I will help you . ( continued ) 62. professor hilbert no. you -- harold . {pause} you be right . this narrator might very well kill you . harold so , can not we ... can not we ... . professor hilbert so , I humbly suggest that you forget this and just go live you life . . harold . go live my life ? I be live my life ... I would like to continue live my life . professor hilbert of course . I know . but I mean all of it . however long you have leave ... you can , harold , you can use it to have a adventure , or discover something , or , or , or finish read crime and punishment ... hell , harold , you could just eat nothing but pancake if you want . harold what 's wrong with you ? I do not want to eat nothing but pancake , I want to live . who , in they right mind , in a choice between pancake and live , choose pancake ? professor hilbert harold , if you would pause to think I believe you would realize that that answer be inextricably contingent upon the type of life be lead . {pause ) and , of course , the quality of the pancake . they look at each other . harold open he case and hand Professor hilbert he pad . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) do you understand what I be say ? harold yes . I do . but you have to understand that this be not a philosophy , or a literary theory , or a story to I . it 's my life . professor hilbert absolutely . so go make it the one you have always want . this finally land with harold . 63 . ext . across the STREET from LIBERTY bakery ~- evening harold stand on the sidewalk , still carry he suitcase , look across the street . Ana be inside the bakery . she look lovely and smile as she hand the homeless man a sandwich and give he dog some water . harold just take a hefty sigh . he look up , as if ask the voice for guidance . none come . harold watch look on ( hopefully ) . but harold just turn and walk up the street . int . dave' guest bedroom ~~ later Dave open the door to he guest bedroom , a small room dedicated exclusively to battlestar galactica paraphernalia include poster , model of the ship and dozen of life - size cardboard cut-out of the character all stand in a group , face the bed . harold look at the room , try to hide he fear and repulsion . dave here 's you room . or as I like to call it : sleep pod 2 . harold enter and put down he suitcase . harold thanks , Dave . dave no problem , dude . it will be nice have you around . how long be you plan on stay again ? harold ( pause ) well ... I be not sure . int . dave' live room harold and Dave sit across from each other at the ikea dining room table , eat . harold look through a calculator catalog as Dave work on several audit . harold put the catalog down . harold Dave . can I pose a somewhat abstract , purely hypothetical question ? dave sure . {continued} he think . 64 . harold if you know that you be go to die . possibly soon . what would you do ? . : dave huh . I do not know . be I the richest man - in the world ? harold no . you be you . dave huh . do I have a super power ? harold no . you be you . dave I know . I 'mme . but do I have a super power ? harold no . why would you have a super power ? dave I do not know , you say it be hypothetical . harold Fine . yes . you be really good at math . '' dave that 's not a power . that 's a skill . harold Dave -- you be good at math and you be invisible . there . dave okay . dave ( cont 'd ) easy . I would go to space camp . harold Space camp ? dave in Texas . where kid go and learn how to become astronaut . I have always want to go . since I be nine . harold you be invisible and you would go to space camp ? {continued ) 65 . dave I do not pick invisible . you pick invisible . harold be not you too old to go to space camp ? dave you be never too old to go to space camp , dude . harold no , I mean ... {forget it ] nevermind . harold look at Dave , who resume work . harold ( cont 'd ) think you will ever go ? dave Space Camp ? not with my volume of audit . harold auditor of the Year ? dave all mine , baby . all mine . int . dave' bathroom ~- later harold stand in front of the mirror , brush he tooth precisely before bed ... harold 24 ... 25 ... 26 ... he stop for a moment , think . then resume . harold ( cont 'd ) 27 ... 28 ... he stop again and look at he toothbrush . he take a few deep breath ... then suddenly begin brush he tooth with random , varied stroke . he stop and spit , then look at himself in the mirror , invigorate . harold ( cont 'd ) Space Camp . int . music store -- afternoon harold stand in the electric guitar section of a large corporate music store , stare at the row of guitar that hang in front of he . the narrator begin to speak . ( continued ) 66 . narrator ( v.q. ) 122 guitar . 732 string . 257 pickup . 189 volume nob . here harold stand , face to face with he oldest desire ... and stand be almost all harold do . harold look up at the voice . he shake he head , then turn to look at some of the guitar that hang to he right . narrator {v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be not just about find a guitar ... it be about find a .guitar that say something about harold ... harold pick . up and inspect a black Les Paul guitar with a rise emblazon on its body . narrator ( v.o.} ( cont 'd ) unfortunately this guitar say , " when I get back to Georgia , that woman gonna feel my pain . " harold put it back . he touch a Flying V shape peavey paint silver . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this one say something along the line of , " why yes , this pants be lycra . " harold walk a few step and stop at a acoustic guitar . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) " I be very sensitive , very caring and I have absolutely no idea how to play the guitar . '' harold eye a totally trick out double neck Gibson 8g with a pickup toggle , various knob , a whammy bar and a picture of a dragon airbrush on its facade . narrator ( cont 'd ) " I be compensate for something . guess what . " slightly exasperate , he turn away from the wall and suddenly stop short . across the room , under a sign that read , " used , slashed price , as be " be a beat up old fender stratocaster with a chunk miss out of the top of the body . harold smile . narrator ( cont 'd ) and then harold see it : a damage and terribly mistreate fender stare back at he . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 . narrator ( cont 'd ) despite its obvious malady , the guitar speak with conviction and swagger . in fact , it look harold directly in the eye , and very plainly state , " I rock . '' cuT to : int . sheet music department -- moment later harold approach a young , pimply face sale representative in a large room with various book of sheet music file in bin . he carry he briefcase in one hand and he fender in the other . harold uh ... excuse I ... sale representative yeah ? harold well ... I want to learn the guitar . and I ... I want to know if there be , like , a book or a pamphlet or something . sale representative sure . sure . what be it you want to play ? harold ( pause ) guitar . sale representative right . what kind of guitar ? harold ( pause . hold up the fender ) this guitar . sale representative no. like ... okay . okay . what kind of music do you listen to ? harold I do not really listen to music . sale representative oh dude ... alright . what kind of music do the person who will be listen to you play the guitar listen to ? harold look at he . ( continued ) 68. narrator and for the first time in he life , harold crick honestly wonder what anarchist baker listen to . blackout . the follow appear on screen : '' celebrate this chance to be alive and breathe . " -- tool. int . hospital emergency room -- morning Kay and penny sit against the wall of a emergency room . Kay fiddle compulsively with a wad tissue and penny take note as they watch patient wait to be call by a old , dry-look nurse . penny point to a old man with a broken leg across the room . penny what about he ? kay probably fall in the shower . not dead . penny okay . the woman in the blue . Kay look . a woman hold a severe head wound . kay hit with a skillet by a angry neighbor . interesting , but after some stitches , she will live . a gurney be rush by with a young man writhe and scream from a gunshot wound . he 's immediately rush through the door . penny there you go . kay no . shot in a gang fight . ( pause ) harold 's not in a gang . penny man in tweed . a little man hunch over nervously in the corner , wear a tweed jacket . kay there 's nothing wrong with he . he just like look at sick people . penny oddly speak with disdain . kay this be not work . ( continued ) 69 . penny you have not even -- kay I toid you this be not go to -- penny dust try it and see what -- kay penny . this people be not dead ... they be just maim . . penny listen , it 's better than -- Kay get up and walk across the room , past sick and suffer patient , beginning to tear little shred from the tissue . she approach the check - in booth . kay Excuse I -- where be the die people ? the check -in nurse just stare at she blankly . penny put she head in she hand . kay ( cont 'd ) most of this people be sick or injure ... which be great , do not get I wrong -- but they be gonna get better , which really do not help . be there -- be there any way to see the people who be not go to get better ? check -in nurse Excuse I ? kay I would like to see~ - if at all possible -- the one 's who be not gonna make it . the dead for sure one . check-in nurse I ... be you ...? you can not ~- be you ... I be sorry . be you suffer from anything ? kay just writer 's block . int . dave' live room -- evening harold sit on Dave 's couch , practice the guitar , reference a open tablature book that rest in front of he . he try as best he can to hum along to he relatively simple guitar play . harold 's watch look on ( peacefully ) . ( continued ) 70 . narrator { v.o. ) } with every awkward strum , despite he approach demise , harold feel a little more at peace . CUT to : int . dave' dine room table -- moment later harold and Dave sit across from one another at the dining room table , eat they sandwich and laugh . narrator ( v.o. ) - harold no longer eat alone ... int . dave' bathroom -- night harold brushes he tooth in Dave 's bathroom without rhyme or reason , yet bob he head along with a imaginary beat . narrator ( v.0 . } he no longer count brush stroke ... ext . dave 's. FIRE escape -- morning harold sit out on Dave 's fire escape eat cereal and look out at the city as Dave hurriedly get dress for work . narrator ( v.o. ) he no longer worried about the time it take to put on he tie ... ext . CITY STREET ~~ later harold stroll past the bus stop and towards a park , look at the stiff commuter with a smile . narrator ( v.o. ) he no longer count he step to the bus stop ... int . movie theater -- day harold sit in a matinee of Manhattan , eat popcorn and laugh by himself . narrator ( v.o. ) instead , harold do that which have terrify he before . that which have elude he Monday through Friday for so many year ... harold let out a hearty laugh . ext . CITY STREET -- evening harold walk past the bus stop again and watch the same commuter from that morning , now exhaust , flustered and frustrated , exite the bus . he try to hide he glee . ( continued ) 71 . narrator ( v.0o . ) that which the unrelent lyric of that numerous punk rock song tell he to do . ( pause ) harold crick live he life . int . dave' live room -- night harold once again sit on the couch , strumm the guitar with more confidence . he sing with vigor , he hand pound on the string , he head rock . narrator ( v.0 . ) and with every strum , he become stronger in who he be , what he want , and why he be alive . int . bedroom -- later harold crawl into bed , still bob . he move he laptop case off the bed , gently remove he wristwatch and place it on the nightstand next to he . he turn the light off and crawl into bed . narrator {( v.0o . ) but despite resuscitate he life , revive he hope and develop a few wick calluse , harold 's journey be still incomplete . ( pause ) and harold 's wristwatch be not about to let he miss another opportunity . suddenly harold 's wristwatch begin to glow . harold at first look at the watch , but then notice what he watch be casting light upon : a file , peek out of harold 's laptop case , and on its tab a name : Ana pascal . harold look at he watch , then take a deep breath . ext . LIBERTY bakery -- evening harold approach the bakery , carry a large carton . he fortunately arrive just as Ana be lock the bakery up for the night . she turn and see he approach . ana mx. crick . harold hi. ana hi. harold ( pause ) hi. {continued } 72. ana ( pause ) hi. harold iouh ... I be glad I catch you . ana oh . 's why ? harold well ..: ( pause ) , I want to bring you this . he hold out the carton , fill with several squat little bag fill with various type of powder . she look , puzzle . ana {not impressed ) really ? harold yeah , .. ana so , you be not allow to accept gift , but you can give they . harold listen , about the cookie -- ana seem a little inconsistent , do not it Mr. crick ? harold listen - ~ yes ... it seem very inconsistent . but this -- ana you know what ... I will purchase they . harold nembarrase } no . I just ... I make a mistake ... ana no. seriously . i'11 purchase they . what be they ? harold mumble something . ana ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ? harold ( sigh ) I bring you flour . her attitude suddenly drop . she just look at he . slowly , she smile . ( continued ) 73. ana that 's ... uh ... that 's surprisingly funny . she begin to laugh . harold it only take I all day to come up with . ana you uh ... you carry this all the way here ? harold I would have carry they anywhere . suddenly she stop and look at he . they stare at each other for a moment . her lip part . his finger twitch . harold 's watch look on ( anxiously ) . harold 's watch wait . then ... harold ( cont 'd ) Ms. pascal ... I - .. ( pause ) I have be odd , and I know I have be odd and ... ( pause ) I want you . ana what ? barold there be so many reason ; so many influence in my ... uh , in my life , that be tell I , at time quite literally , that I should ignore the common wisdom and come here and bring you this . ( pause ) but I be do it because I want you . ana ( pause ) you ... '' want I ? harold in no uncertain term . ana I ... uh ... um ... ( pause ) wow . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . ana ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) I ... be not there some ... some very _ clear , establish ... rule about fraternization , or a particular ... uh ...? : harold buditor / auditee protocol . ana protocol . yes. harold yes . ' but I do not care . ana why ? harold because I want you . she look at he . ana do you mind carry that a little farther ? : ext . residential area -- moment later a bus stop and the two get out and begin to walk down the street , harold carry the flour and Ana carry a take - out bag . she be laugh at something he 's just say . suddenly Ana stop . ana would you like to come up ? harold um ... to you place ? ana yes . harold uh ... well ... ana come up . harold I guess ... I guess I could . ana have dinner with I . harold uh ... I be ... uh ... ( continued ) 75 . ana be not that the idea with the flour and everything ? harold honestly ... I only figure it out up to " I want you . " ana listen : I think I like you , Mr. crick . and before I do anything rash , I would like to make sure . harold really ? I be pretty sure you hate I ? ana no. I ... I think I like you . you definitely have a certain quality that make I want to eat near you . so I want you to come up . harold 's watch look on ( longingly ) . harold ( pause ) I would be honore . she lead he up quickly up the stoop of a brownstone apartment . ana I have never have anyone , ever , in my whole life [ tell I they want I ] -- ( pause ) okay . I uh ... I think I get a little too excited . I do not live here . he can not help but laugh . ana ( cont 'd ) iouh ... I be ... that way a few door . int . ana 's apartment ~- continuous harold and Ana finish they sushi at Ana 's quaint dining room table . her apartment be small , but very cute and uniquely homey , with the occasional '' U.S. out of my uterus " poster for good measure . ana ( continue ) be it really that bad ? harold oh yeah ... once this dement portuguese guy get so upset about the audit he try to take a contract out on my life . ( continued ) 76 . ana what ? harold . ' yeah ... he be nut though . he get catch when he go to have the contract notarize . she laugh again . she point to he plate . Ana take ana good ? . harold very . ana good . let I ... let I just clean up . if you want ... you can relax on the couch . oo the plate into the kitchen . harold meander over to the couch which be a total mess . he move some laundry aside , revealing a acoustic guitar . he look up . he look back at the guitar . harold bo you play the guitar ? ana no . someone trade it to I for a wedding cake . wait ... do that mean I have to claim it on my tax now ? harold I will leave it out of my final report . ana do you play ? harold not really . I only know one song . she return from the kitchen . he laugh . ana play it . harold no . I do not even know it that well . ana it 's the best way to seduce a woman , you know ... provide you do not play , " yes , we have no bananas . " ana ( cont 'd ) please . {continued ) tt. harold okay ... harold go and pick up the guitar and have a seat on the couch . he pick at the string a little . harold ( cont 'd ) um ... okay . keep in mind I just learn . ana I will . harold okay . he begin to strum the open chord to " punk rock girl " by the Dead milkmen ( track 6 on you cd ) . he hit the main riff and begin to sing : harold ( cont 'd ) one Saturday I take a walk to Zipperhead / I meet a girl there and she almost knock I dead / punk rock girl / please look at I / what do you see / let 's travel ' round the world / just you and I punk rock girl ... harold continue to strum and smile shyly . harold ( cont 'd ) I tapped she on the shoulder and say do you have a beau / she look at I and smile and say she do not know / punk rock girl / give I a chance / let 's go slam dance / we will dress like minnie Pearl / just you and I punk rock girl ... we go to the Philly pizza company / and order some hot tea / the waitress say '' well , no ... we only have it iced . " / so we jump up on the table / and shout '' anarchy ! " / and someone play a Beach boy song / on the juke box / it be California dreamin ' / and so we start screamin ' on such a winter 's day ... Ana purse she lip and tap she foot . harold ( cont 'd ) she take I to she parent for a Sunday meal / her father take one look at I and he begin to squeal / punk rock girl / it make no sense / you dad be the vice President / just ask the Duke of Earl / yeah , you be for I punk rock girl ... harold stop . ( continued ) 78 . harold ( cont 's D} okay . now there 's a solo part that I can not do . ana skip it . harold shrug and resume play . Ana just stare at he , she eye alight . harold we go to a shopping mall / and laugh at all the shopper / and .security guard trail we / to a record shop / we ask for mojo Nixon / they say , " he do not work here . " / we say , " if you do not get mojo Nixon / then you store could use some fixin ' ... we get into she car , away we start rollin' / . I say how much you pay for this , she say --~ suddenly Ana grab the guitar by the neck , abruptly end the song . ana nothin ' man ... it 's steal ... they stare at each other for a moment , they lip quivering . ghey suddenly kiss and the actual song kick in , in full orce : dead 's milkmen punk rock girl / you look so wild / let 's have a child / we will name she minnie Pearl / just you and I / eat fudge banana swirl / just you and I / we will travel ' round the world / just you and I ... punk rock girl !!! the song end . but , harold and Ana continue to kiss , deeply and fully , unaware of anything else . we wait for they to stop , which they do not . the song return . dead milkmen ( cont 'd ) punk rock girl / you look so wild / let 's have a child / we will name she minnie Pearl / just you and I / eat fudge banana swirl / just you and I / we will travel ' round the world / just you and I ... punk rock girl !!! Ana take she shirt off , but they do not stop kissing . she begin to take he shirt off . the song just return . dead milkmen ( cont 'd ) punk rock girl / you look so wild / let 's have a child / we will name she minnie Pearl / just you and I / eat fudge banana swirl / just you and I / ( more } ( continued ) 79 . dead milkmen ( cont 'd ) we will travel ' round the world / just you and I ... punk rock girl !!! harold part he lip just enough to speak . harold Ms. pascal , I ... ana I know ... I want you too . dissolve to : int . ana' bedroom -- moment later the room be dark and all we can see be shadow and silhouettes but the sound be decidedly sexual . they suddenly take a moment ... harold wow . ana what ? harold I be not count . int . ana' bedroom -- later the camera hang above harold as he lie in bed next to Ana . both be asleep , Ana tuck in harold 's clavicle , harold flat on he back . the camera slowly descend , draw closer to he face . it swing to reveal the room : the socialist propaganda , the red star flag , the sleek furniture ... and back to harold , who rest peacefully ... tranquil , still . narrator harold 's life , like the life of every human be , be fill with moment both significant and mundane . he open he eye . narrator ( cont 'd ) but to harold , that moment remain entirely indistinguishable ... except for this . Ana sigh and nuzzle he chest . narrator ( cont 'd ) as Ana let out a soft sigh and reposition herself against he , harold know , somewhere , this be one of the significant moment . he know she have fall in love with he . harold smile and simply close he eye . 80. int . ana' bedroom -- morning Ana wake up to find harold excitedly put he clothes on . . ana harold ? he look up at she . harold good morning ! he grab she and give she a huge kiss . ana what ... what be you ...? harold I have to go ... I be sorry . I really ... ( pause ) you be awesome . ana I be ? harold entirely . I uh ... I just ... I be sorry I have to rush . ana it 's ... be something wrong ? harold no . everything 's great . everything 's perfect . I will ... ana. I '11 explain it all later . but I have to go ... ( pause . look at he watch ) I hear something . something very important . ext . market -- continuous Kay exit a small , poorly maintain market carry three pack of cigarettes and a package of travel tissue . she ceremoniously pack each cigarette pack and put each in a separate pocket . she then open up the tissue and remove one then put the tissue away . she take out a pack of cigarettes , open it , remove a cigarette , put in she mouth , and be about to light it when a young worker spill a box of fresh granny Smith apple . the apple topple and roll around the sidewalk , one in particular quickly roll into the street . Kay stop . she do not light the cigarette . for a moment she just stare at the apple which come to rest on its side in the road . ( continued ) 81. kay my God ... int . hilbert office -- later harold come into Professor hilbert 's office without knock , interrupt hilbert in the middle of stand and read . professor hilbert harold ? harold Professor hilbert -- hilbert mute the television which harold notice be play a interview between two dour look woman on some book channel . harold ( cont 'd ) Professor hilbert ... it 's a comedy . professor hilbert what ? harold a comedy . I ... this woman ... she ... last night ... ( pause ) she 's fall in love with I . professor hilbert she have ? harold the voice confirm it in the middle of the night . professor hilbert that 's ... harold that 's wonderful . it completely nullify my list but ... harold , that 's fantastic . harold what list ? professor hilbert oh . he hand harold the list . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) this be the seven live author whose prior work would seem to make they likely candidate to write you story , base on the criterion you and I have already determine . if you narrator be alive ... she 's on this list . harold wow . ( continued ) 82. professor hilbert but it appear the list be of little use to you now . harold . I suppose . although I can hang on to it -- professor hilbert hold on a minute ... hilbert turn up the volume on the television . perhaps to we surprise , one of the dour woman be in fact Kay , who sit in a black : donna karan suit across from a very smarmy - look anchorwoman with short , sensible hair . the interview be obviously year old and Kay be much healthier . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) oh. just a rerun . this woman : Karen eiffel ... one of my favorite author ... beautiful tragedy ... just beautiful . watch . anchorwoman {overly dry ) -~ and we , of course , anticipate the next book . kay oh. thanks . i. just start . anchorwoman and may I ask what this book will be about ? kay well ... it 's about inter ~ connectivity ... and the loom certainty of death ... man 's fashion accessory . harold I think ... I think I might go ... harold fold the list to take with he . anchorwoman uh-huh. ( deadpan ) sound great ... may I ask what it 's call ? kay '' death and tax . " harold stop and quickly look at the television . anchorwoman {without feel ) wow . you know , I be from Texas . ( continued ) 83. kay what ? anchorwoman bear and raise in San Antonio . in fact , that 's where they have Space Camp . kay no. not. no. not Texas . tax . " death and tax . " death and tax . death and tax . death and tax . the word repeat themselves as we cut between the television and harold , whose eye widen as he hear that word repeatedly in he head . he suddenly break out of he daze . harold ( abruptly ) oh my God . that 's her. ( pause ) that 's she . professor hilbert what ? harold that 's she . that 's the voice . that 's ... she 's the narrator . ( pause ) that 's she . professor hilbert harold . harold . be you sure ? harold I be positive . professor hilbert ( pause ) oh no ... harold why ? what 's wrong ? professor hilbert first of all , she be not on my list . harold oh. well ... professor hilbert and she ... she do not ... ( pause ) harold . she kill people . harold just look at he . harold what ? ( continued ) 84 . professor hilbert in every book . she ... the book be all about ... they die . she kilis they . . harold who ? professor hilbert the heroes . harold quickly look ... . harold where be she ? professor hilbert harold . I ... she 's untraceable . I have ... believe I . I use to teach a class on she work . . I have write she letter . she 's a hermit . a recluse . I mean ... she have not publish anything in ten year . harold go to hilbert 's stack and find one of the many copy of Kay 's book and open it up to the copyright page . he grab a pencil and a document from hilbert 's desk . harold can I write on this ? professor hilbert no. harold you -- harold ignore he and begin to write anyway , mumble to himself . harold ..- Edison Press ... 2267 wallace ... professor hilbert harold , even if you find -- harold okay . I be gonna find she -- professor hilbert harold , listen , she only -- harold I be gonna -- it 's . I be gonna find she . professor hilbert harold -- harold I have to do something . I will find she . harold bolt . ( continued ) 85 . professor hilbert ( harold can not hear ... ) harold . she only write tragedy . int . garment loft ~- morning Kay enter the loft ( carry yellow sheet of paper ) to find penny already at work . Kay seem oddly not depressed . kay I figure out how to kill harold this morning . penny excellent . what be it ? kay it 's perfect . I can not believe I do not think of it earlier . it 's ... it 's simple , ironic , possibly heartbreaking . penny that 's very good to hear . what be it ? int . edison PRESS -~ later harold bound into the loft-like , upscale office of Edison Press : expose brick wall , old printing press , elevate office , etc . a young receptionist read a magazine behind she desk . harold hi. hello . hi. receptionist May I help you ? harold I need to speak with Karen eiffel . receptionist I be sorry ? harold Karen eiffel . one of you author . I need to speak with she . it 's urgent . receptionist well ... sir , she 's not here . harold I know . I just ... I need to find she . I need to know where she be . receptionist we be just the publisher . ( continued ) 86 . harold right . of course . but you have to have a way I can contact she . receptionist we have the address where she fan mail be send . , harold I can not send mail . this be urgent . receptionist be it a family emergency ? harold no . not really . receptionist then how do you know she ? harold take a deep breath . harold okay . I be one of she character . a new one . I be in she new book , and she 's go to kill I , not actually , but in the book , but I think it will actually kill I ... so I have to talk to she , and ask she to stop . the receptionist just stare at he . receptionist okay . what you do be go back down the stair . at the door that lead out to the street you will find a gruff look guy in a blue jacket with a embroider badge on the sleeve that say ausberg Security . tell he what you just tell I and he will be happy to escort you directly out of the building . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET -- moment later harold stand on the sidewalk outside the publisher , try to figure out what to do next . a idea suddenly strike he . he take off run . cuT to : int . office -- moment later harold whizze by he colleague in a beleaguere state . co-worker phone be out . harold do not even flinch . ( continued ) 87 . co- worker ( cont 'd ) harold ? harold stop at he work station and immediately boot up he computer . he begin type frantically try to find something . harold highlight something with the cursor then quickly write it down on a post~it . int . office ( MAIN computer ) -- moment later harold scan over a large computer screen with the cursor , drag the mouse hurriedly . he click . moment later a large printer begin to print a document . we can see that part of what harold have highlight be the name Karen eiffel . harold wait impatiently then grab he printout and take off down the corridor , almost smile to himself . int . archive -~ moment later harold be rifling through file , refer to the printout . his finger . work nimbly , he eye fixate . harold find a file and yank it out . he open it and scan the page until he find a certain page , yank it out , and return the file . int . office -- moment later harold pick up a phone on a colleague 's desk and hurriedly dial . nothing happen . he hang up and try again . he tap the receiver , try to get a dial tone . Dave stop as he pass by . dave phone be out . harold drop the receiver . harold Dave , do you have a cell phone ? dave no reception up here . harold goddamnit ... dave be you alright ? harold Dave . I need a favor . dave sure . what be it ? {continued ) 88. harold ( hold out hand ) Change . cur to : ext . CITY -- moment later harold speed down the sidewalk , the sheet in one hand and loose change in the other . narrator ( v.0o . ) } within moment , harold find himself nearly run down the sidewalk of downtown , search for a pay phone . harold scan the street corner furiously . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he spot one .. on' the corner of 8th and Newton . harold jump off the sidewalk and run across the street , nearly get hit by a taxi cab . a few loose coin drop from he fist in the hustle , but he do not have the time to pick they up . he make it across the street , but just as he approach the phone booth a old man climb in . the man look as though as he will take a while . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but just as harold near the phone , it become occupy by a nearsight octogenarian determine to reach he niece in Denver , no matter how many quarter it take . harold heave a exasperate sigh . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) fortunately , harold remember a bank of phone at the 6th street subway stop . one have to be free . harold take off down the street , run as fast as he can . ext . sidewalk -- continuous harold weave in between other pedestrian frantically , disregard courtesy or the natural flow of foot traffic . int . subway terminal -- moment later harold reach the subway terminal and bound down the stair . the subway look dark , wet and empty save for a few vagrant and commuter . there , against the yellowy wall , be a bank of open phone . harold rush to they and pick one up . ( continued ) 89 . narrator the first phone fail to give a dial tone ... harold slam the receiver down . he reach for the second , stop short as he notice it 's cover with a greenish , phlegmy material . narrator ( cont 'd ) and the second seem to be splatter with a fresh batch of mucous . harold move on quickly . harold pick up the third phone and push quarter into the slot . narrator ( cont 'd ) harold begin to dial fervently , still make sure to give each number key a specific forceful push . CUT to : int . garment loft -- continuous Kay sit at she desk write on a laptop which sit next to the yellow sheet . she type the word , " the phone ring ... '' the phone ring ... Kay pause , notice the odd coincidence . she type the word , " the phone ring again ... " the phone ring again ... Kay type the word , " the phone ring a third time ... " penny go to answer the phone . kay do not answer that ! Kay stop type , find the coincidence too curious . she very slowly , letter by letter , type the phrase , " the phone xang a final time . " as soon as she hit the period the phone ring . Kay slowly pick up the phone and hold it to she ear . kay ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) hello ? harold {through the phone } be this Karen eiffel ? {continued } 90. kay ( pause ) yes ... harold ( pause . through the phone . } hi. . my name 's harold crick . I believe you be write a story about I . kay ( pause ) I be sorry ? harold my name be harold crick . and when I go through the file at work , I hear a deep and endless ocean . the camera zoom in on Kay 's face as she jaw suddenly drop . her lip begin to quiver . she 's speechless . harold ( cont 'd ) ( through the phone . ) Ms. eiffel ? ( pause ) hello ? Ms. eiffel ? Kay be too shocked to . speak . cuT to : int . garment loft -~ later Kay sit , virtually comatose , in the middle of the loft . she look absolutely petrify . penny sit at she desk , quietly wait as well . there be a buzz . penny look at Kay . kay ( pause ) let he in . penny cross to the garage door and lift it , revealing harold . penny hello . harold hello . penny I be Kay 's assistant , penny . harold I be harold . her main character . ( continued ) penny lead harold into the loft . he stop as he see Kay . and Kay see harold . her hand cover she mouth as he approach . kay [ oh my god ... oh god ...] harold approach she . harold Ms. eiffel ...? kay { you suit ... you , you shoe ... you hair , my god ... } harold hello . I be harold crick . Kay nod , almost about to cry ... kay ( pause ) I know . int . garment loft -- later harold and Kay sit across from each other , Kay smoking 91 . dissolve to : compulsively . penny sit at she desk across the room , read the yellow page . kay how do ... how do you find I ? harold we audite you a little more than ten year ago . you number be in the file . kay I mean ... how do you know it I be ... harold oh. ( pause ) I could hear you . occasionally ... you voice would ... I would hear it . kay hear it ? harold you be narrate . my life . kay oh my god ... ( pause ) how do this happen ? {continued ) 92. harold I have no idea . kay ' I ... I just ... {pause ) this be ... I be sorry , but ... this be incredibly strange . harold you be ' tell I . kay ' you do not think you be crazy ? harold sort of . not as crazy as some people think ... mainly because ... you be right about everything ... like , everything . ( pause ) and then you say " littie do he know ... '' kay Little do he know ...? harold yeah . it 's uh ... it 's third person omniscient . kay Jesus ... harold which mean it be , you know , someone other than I . at least that 's what Professor hilbert say -- kay Professor hilbert ? harold yeah . kay Professor Jules hilbert ? harold yeah ... he uh ... he love you book . kay ( absently ) I love he letter . they look at each other . harold I be sure you understand . I have to find you . and ask you not to kill I . ( continued ) 93. suddenly penny look over . Kay look at she , then back at harold , shocked . kay what ? harold I mean , obviously you be still ... kay no. what ... what do you just say ? harold I have to find you ... to ask you not to kill I . kay ( pause ) harold ... harold what ? kay I ... iouh ... harold what ? be I ... kay I ... I ... nothing . penny come across the room , hold the yellow page . penny Kay . kay it 's nothing . harold what be it ? kay nothing harold . penny Kay . harold I mean , since you have now meet I and can see I exist you be not go to kill I , right ? kay I ... I just ... Kay look at penny . harold look as well . there , in she hand , be yellow sheet of paper . harold have you write it ? ( continued ) 94 , kay I can ... no . harold , have you write it !? kay _ ( pause ) a outline . he grab he chest . harold oh God ... I ... it 's ... but it 's just ' a outline ...? right . kay yeah ... sort of . harold okay . -- wait ! sort of ? kay it 's just not type . harold Jesus Christ ! kay I do not know .... maybe that 's okay . penny Kay . kay I be sorry . harold I ... I think ... penny Kay . kay maybe it 's ... it 's ... penny Kay . they look . penny ( cont 'd ) let he read it . Kay look at penny . harold look at both of they . penny ( cont 'd ) Kay . let he read it . blackout . the follow appear on screen : ( continued ) 95 . '' we need a instrument . to take a measurement . to figure out if loss could weigh . " -- fugazi int . swimming pool -- day Young coed swimmer spin upside down in the pool as the coach and Professor hilbert look on . harold come rush into the pool with a manuscript , complete with yellow page . professor hilbert harold ? do you find she ? harold yeah ... professor hilbert and ? harold ( pause ) I may already be dead . just not type . professor hilbert ( shit ... ] hilbert point to the manuscript . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) be that it ? harold yeah ... professor hilbert do you ... harold I try , but ... I could not . you have to read it . you have to tell I what to do . or what not to do . if ... if I can ... if I can avoid it ... if , please , if I have a chance ... Professor hilbert sigh . harold ( cont 'd ) please . professor hilbert okay . harold hand it to he . harold please . 96 . int . SMALL office -~ afternoon the middle - age black woman from before ( now in she regular apparel ) sign a series of document on the other side of a desk from a squat man in a blue uniform of some kind . she finish and hand he the papers . he stand up and shake she hand . he then hand she a blue uniform in plastic wrapping . cur to : int . boy' - bedroom -- continuous the blonde boy from before be hand a brand new bicycle helmet by he father . the father fasten the strap around the boy 's chin , it 's a little too big and it swing on he head . the father fix it atop he head so it do not get in he line of vision , then reassure he it 's 1ll be fine . int . professor hilbert dine room -- evening Professor hilbert place the manuscript down on he dining room table . he sit down , remove he glass , pull out a shammy from a glass clean kit and begin to thoroughly clean he glass . upon finish , he stand , hold the glass in front of himself , turn the first page and begin to read . int . LIBERTY bakery -- evening the door open with a jingle as harold walk in . Ana , wiping down the counter , look up . harold look awful : he be exhaust and distraught . ana harold ? rarold hi. ana harold . what 's wrong ? harold I ... I have a really strange day . I ... {pause ) Ana ... something happen . he sit down on she bench . she immediately drop she cloth and come to he , squatting in front of he . ana tell I . ( continued ) 97 . harold I can not . ana harold . teil I . he just stare at he shoe . she get up and go to the kitchen . harold sink he head into he hand as we can hear clanging from the other room . after a few moment , Ana return ... with cookie and milk . ana ( cont 'd ) harold . please . tell I . harold take a cookie . harold it 's you . it 's ... you have ... ( pause ) I have be a auditor for nine year now . I answer a classified ad . I want to be a theorist , you know , someone who discover nuance in mathematical system , but ... I choose audit because I think ... I figure ... it be easy ... and I be count everything anyway . and , I have this unwaver belief in a world of absolute . and I think somehow I could prove it . but I could not . and before I realize it , I develop this pattern , this compartmentalize approach to every aspect of my life that I maintain so I could be safe . I have become my own mathematical system ... with no nuance to discover . {pause ) and then everything change . and my watch begin to act funny . and I could not concentrate . and people begin tell I thing that make I believe that my world be in fact chaos and anarchy . ( pause ) but it 's not . unfortunately for I ... it 's not anarchy . because last night ... after we make love ... you sigh , and re-position you head on my chest ... you prove my belief in a world of absolute . Ana look at he ... she reach and take he face in she hand . ana come on ... 98 . int . ana' bedroom -~ later the camera hang above harold as he lie in bed next to Ana . both be asleep , Ana tuck in harold 's clavicle , harold flat on he back . ' the camera slowly descend , draw closer to he face . it swing to reveal the room : the socialist propaganda , the red star flag , the sleek furniture ... and back to harold , who rest peacefully ... tranquil , still . Ana sigh and nuzzle he chest . harold open he eye and we can see that they be now fill with tear . int . hilbert office -- morning harold knock on the office door , then open it slightly . Professor hilbert sit behind he desk , calm and reticent . he look up . mo professor hilbert hi , harold . come in . harold come in . he take he usual seat on the couch . Professor hilbert just stare at he desk for a moment . he be eerily calm . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) you look tired . harold so do you . professor hilbert yes . why ? do I seem sluggish ? harold no. no. just caim . professor hilbert yes ... well ... ( long pause ) harold . I be sorry . ( pause ) you have to die . harold what ? professor hilbert I be sorry , but it 's brilliant , harold . it 's ... it 's she masterpiece . harold what ... what do you mean ? professor hilbert it 's possibly the most important novel in she already stun career . ( more ) ( continued ) professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) and it 's absolutely no good unless you die at the end . harold I do not care ... professor hilbert harold . you do not understand -- harold I understand . I just do not care . professor hilbert I have be over it again and again . and I know ... I know how hard this be to hear but you life ... no one 's life ... be worth more than this book . harold I ... you ... you be ask I to knowingly face my death . professor hilbert yes . harold I think ... I think you would find something ... I hope there be ... it do not know ... professor hilbert I be sorry harold . harold can not hold it in any longer . he begin to weep . harold can not we ... professor hilbert harold ... harold why can not ... can not we ask she to ... to just ... erase it ... professor hilbert harold . it would not matter . harold it would matter . it do matter . professor hilbert no . harold nsob ) yes. ( more ) ( continued ) 99 . 100 . harold ( cont 'd ) because I could ... I could change ... I could be someone else ... I could ... go away ... quit my job ... I could fall in love ... I ... ( pause ) I can not die now I be just start to ... I , I can not ... it 's ... it 's , it 's just ... ( pause ) it 's really bad timing . Professor hilbert come over to comfort he . professor hilbert no 'one want to die harold . but unfortunately , we can not avoid it . harold . harold , listen to I : you will die , someday ... sometime . heart failure at the bank , choke on a mint , some long , draw out disease you contract on vacation . you will die . you will absolutely die . even if you avoid this death ... another will find you . and I guarantee it will not be nearly as poetic or meaningful as what she 's write . harold no ... no ... professor hilbert harold : I be sorry . ( pause ) it 's the nature of all tragedy , harold . the hero die , but the story life on forever . harold try to breath , he eye red , he face streak with tear . int . garment loft -- continuous the garage door slide up and penny enter . she stop suddenly ... Kay be flat on she back , perfectly still in the middle of the floor , surround by the break carcass of she smashed laptop , the table now tip on its side , a empty bottle of Jack Daniels and of course dozen of wad up tissue papers and errant cigarette butt . penny Kay ? penny take a few , cautious step towards Kay . penny ( cont 'd ) Kay ? ( continued ) Kay stop . 101 . kay how many people do you think I have kill ? penny Kay ... kay how many ? penny I do not ... kay 12 . penny Kay . get up . kay I have kill 12 people . I count . penny they be fictional . get up . kay harold crick be not fictional . penny harold crick be ... kay he be not fictional . penny . every book I have ever write end with someone die . every one . really nice people too . the book about ellen , the , the , the school teacher ... penny yeah ...? ray I kill she . the day before summer vacation . how cruel be that ? I ... I kill ... I kill ... penny , I kill they all . penny you kill yourself . penny ( cont 'd ) get up . get up off the floor . you kill yourself , Kay . the car wreck ... the disease the , the ... you drow yourself , you set yourself on fire , you hang yourself every single book . understand ? it 's you . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 . penny ( cont 'd ) it 's why you smoke ... why you do not eat ... why you sit in the rain ... because you be ill , you life have no joy , you work be vicious and dark and you wish you could just die . ( pause ) well , you can not . it 's not that easy . the school teacher can . the lawyer can . but you can not . it 's why you have writer 's block , Kay . because you body can not stand the think of kill itself anymore . Kay 's eye . well . kay what do I do ...? penny ( sternly ) get up . ( pause ) and quit smoking . the pixie 's " monkey go to Heaven " ( track 7 on you cd} begin to play . int . bus -- afternoon harold sit in the back of the bus stare out the window . he look down at the seat next to he . there sit Kay 's manuscript . he look at it for a moment . then , as if he have no other choice , he pick it up . he turn the page and begin to read . dissolve to : a few people get on the bus as a few other leave . harold be still in the back , continue to read . he chuckle to himself at something in the book . dissolve to : the bus make a leave turn . the downtown skyline become visible in the background . the sun be beginning to set and the sky have grow dim . harold , around half way through the book , turn the page and gasp slightly . we can see he 's become involved in the story . dissolve to : the bus be stop and there be no passenger and no driver . we can see other park bus . out the window . but harold do not move , still read the book . ( continued ) 103 . a new driver step on board and see harold . harold do not look up . the driver contemplate ask harold for fare , but decide against it . dissolv to : harold continue to read , night have fall over the city . the bus have begin to move again and the glint of light pass by . harold rub he eye . he 's reach the yellow page . he take a deep breath then continue read . dissolv to : only a few people sit on the bus , all in the front . harold remain in the back seat , alone . he turn over the very last yellow page of the book . he look outside . it 's dark . he squint to see a street sign . then nod . the song end as he continue to ride on . ext . garment loft -- night Kay close the large steel door to the loft building she office reside in and begin up the street . a bus come to a stop at the nearest corner . its door open and harold step off . he see she and walk towards she . harold ms , eiffel ...? she look up . kay harold ... harold I ... uh ... ( pause ) I just finish it . kay you just ... oh ... harold I uh ... I read it all , in one read ... on the bus . she nod , nervously . harold ( cont 'd ) {pause} it 's lovely . I like the part about the guitar . ( continued ) 104 . kay ( shrug ) thanks . . ( pause ) I be go to -- harold no ... do not ... kay harold ... I ... listen -- harold no .. I read it . and I love it . and there 's only one way it can end . it end with I die . I mean , I do not have much background in literary ... anything , but this seem simple enough ... ( pause ) : it 's my fate . I can not escape it . you can not escape it either . as much as I want to believe that you or I or Professor hilbert can control when and where I die , or when and where I fall in love , or even when and where my watch go on the fritz ... it 's just not the truth . all I know be that a series of event have be set into motion ... that none of we be able to do anything about . and so we all have to learn to accept it . and move on with we life . for however long they last . he hand she the manuscript . harold ( cont 'd ) I love you book . and I think you should finish it . int . live room -- later harold enter he apartment . he look briefly at the plastic that now constitute he front wall . he chuckle and continue towards the bedroom . narrator ( v.o. ) the night before he death , harold unceremoniously go about some necessary business . int . bedroom -~ continuous harold go to he closet and pull out he nicest suit and he orange tie . narrator ( v.o. ) he choose a suit to wear the next day ... he pick up a few odd and end ... 105 . int . live room ~- continuous harold be on the phone . narrator ( v.o. ) he make few phone call he have heen put off . harold hi. hi. yes. hi. yes. listen ... do you program have a age limit ? ( pause. smile ) great . ext . bus stop -~ moment later harold stand , wait for the bus , hold he suit and a overnight bag . narrator ( v.o. ) and he travel to Ms. pascal 's where she make he dinner and the two watch old movie . int . anan apartment -- continuous harold hold Ana in he arm as the glow of the television wash over they . Ana laugh at something she see , harold chuckle , understandably distant . narrator ( v.0 . ) it be a nice enough evening and in any other circumstance would seem commonplace . in fact , the only thing that make this night significant be the morning it precede . int . ana' bedroom -- night Ana and harold look at each other , they head on they respective pillow . Ana trace she fingertip across harold 's shoulder . harold ( softly ) I have to tell you something . ana ( teasing ) be it a secret ? harold sort of . ( long pause ) I adore you . ana ( touch ) I adore you . harold 's watch look on ( despondently ) . ( continued ) 106 . ana ( cont 'd ) be that it ? harold | ' no ... I have to tell you this ... and I want you to just listen carefully : harold take a deep breath . harold ( cont 'd ) ( pause. sincerely ) you can subtract the value of the food you give away every night to the shelter as a charitable contribution . it , in fact , amount to more than what you be currently withhold and do not break any tax law . she look at he , smile . ana harold . the whole idea be to break the tax law . harold well ... this way you ' be not pay for defense or go to jail , and you can still write whatever nasty letter you want . ana you be very strange , harold crick . but I like you anyway . she give he another kiss . ana ( cont 'd ) goodnight . she put she head back on she pillow and close she eye . harold look at she for a moment . then he turn over , pick up he watch , and set its alarm . blackout . the follow appear on screen : " I can not wait to die . I can find this song . it 's where I will find my life when I be through with my present one . " -- shellac ext . CITY -- morning the sun lift above the city 's skyline , split through the building and reflect off the steel and glass ... traffic move down the interstate ... Street cleaner motor through the street ... jogger pass each other on the sidewalk ... bus leave they terminal ... 107 . int . ana' bedroom -- continuous and harold sit at the edge of the bed , stare out the window at the city . his wrist watch change to 7:15 . it begin to beep . harold quickly turn it off . Ana rustle . harold take a deep breath . int . ana' bathroom -- moment later harold brushes he tooth , not pay attention to how he do it . narrator ( v.o. ) that particular Thursday morning be brisk and unsuspecting , as be harold ... harold lock up , coyly smile . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he brush he tooth , albeit in vain ... int . ana' bedroom -- moment later as Ana still sleep , harold flip he tie over itself . narrator ( v.0o . ) he prepare for work , in vain ... int . ana' apartment -- moment later harold eat some cereal while look through a morning paper . narrator ( v.o. ) and he eat a sensible breakfast , also in vain ... int . ana' bedroom -- moment later harold go to the nightstand , retrieve he watch , and put it on . he give Ana a tender kiss on the cheek . harold ( softly ) bye . ext . CITY STREET -- moment later harold calmly walk down the sidewalk , take in the city air as much as he can . narrator ( v.o. ) much have change for harold over the past few week : he attitude towards ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) work , he eat habit , he habitual count , he love life , he ability to rock ... but of all the ' transmutation harold crick have undergone , perhaps the most significant be that he be no longer late for the 8:17 faraday Bus ... harold continue to walk . ext . bus stop -- moment later harold stand at the bus stop , a few other commuter around he include the , Polish woman from before . narrator ( v.o. ) what harold have never understand about that Wednesday two week prior , be that the time he receive from he fellow commuter be , in fact , three full minute later than the actual time , and therefore three full minute later than the time to which he watch have be previously set . not the worst of oversight , one might assume ... but it mean that harold have be live he life three minute ahead of schedule . and if harold have not set he watch to the incorrect time , harold would have continue to barely catch the 8:17 faraday bus , 's and he would not be at the bus stop precisely at 8:16 this particular Thursday . a otherwise ignorable fact , until the unthinkable occur ... suddenly and you will know we by the Trail of Dead 's " how near , how Far " ( track 8 on you cd ) begin to play . :01 the blonde boy , heimet on , come unsuspectingly speed down the sidewalk on he bicycle . :05 harold smile at the Polish woman . :07 the bus come round the corner and towards the bus stop . :10 all the other commuter step forward towards the bus . harold remain stare at the sky . 113 the boy approach the crowd of commuter quickly ... : 16 as do the bus . :20 harold continue to stare at the sky . 723 the boy swerve to miss the commuter , spilling he bicycle off the curb where it topple , send he into the street . ( continued ) 109 . :28 the boy try to get up but he loose helmet have swing around to cover he face . 233 harold calmly step out into the street . :38 the bus begin to screech as it try to brake . :40 harold push the boy out of the way , but find himself in the path of the bus . harold have just enough time to turn , he hand fly up to cover he head before ... screech .... the bus smack into harold . harold 's watch shatter as the bus hit it . Glass and small bit of metal fly everywhere . harold 's body distort as it be pound by the front of the bus . harold be send fly . he hit the ground with a decide thud . his body lie lifeless on the asphalt . as the crowd begin to gather around he , blood can be see pour from he head . despite the chaos that surround he , he body rest in perfect stillness . harold 's body rest , lifeless , in the middle of the street . from above , we see he leg be buckle underneath he and blood have form a halo around he head , he arm snap like a twig . but he face be peaceful . harold crick lie dead in the street . int . garment loft -~ continuous Kay sit at she desk , type . she 's obviously cry , she hand tremble . she reach in she pocket and pull out a wad tissue paper , which she unravel , revealing a cigarette butt . she be shake so much she can barely coax the cigarette between she lip . she reach across the desk for a lighter . her finger be no longer functional as she try in vain to get it to light . but she can not . and then she stop . she stare at the cigarette . she swallow she tear and crumple the cigarette in she hand . ext . bus stop -- continuous and you will know we by the Trail of Dead begin once again {track 8 cont would ) . the bus door open and the middle - age black woman , incredibly upset , step off the bus . she wear a driver 's blue uniform she name patch read , carla . she be immediately comfort as someone quickly say , " it 's not you fault ... " the blonde boy get up . other than a scrape elbow , he 's perfectly fine . ( continued ) 110 . he be attend 's to by a concerned woman who lead he to the curb . but most of the activity surround harold , who have not move . people hold onlooker back , a' few people sob in despair . most just stare in horror . and then suddenly , with the single violin note , harold 's eye open . . with a rush of sound , a cacophony of people can be hear , say " you be gonna be okay ! " " call a ambulance ! " " do not move he ! " harold look at all the peer face include the sweet - look Polish woman . harold be I ... ( pause ) be I dead ? polish woman ( kindly ) no . ' you be alive . harold ( pause ) why ? the Polish woman shrug reassuringly . polish woman ( pause ) if it be any consolation , you be hurt very very badly . harold smile at she , blackout . the follow appear on screen : " of all the minute that be take away ... will you watch be wait ? " ~- at the drive - in int . hilbert office ~- continuous Professor hilbert stare out he window , look at the activity of the college forlorn . he sip some juice . there be a knock at he door . professor hilbert come in . he do not pull away from the window as we can hear the sound of the door open and close behind he . kay ( 0.5 . } Excuse I ... be you Professor hilbert ? Professor hilbert turn . ( continued ) 111 . there stand Karen eiffel . in he office . holding the manuscript . professor hilbert I ... uh ... uh ... yes ... kay hi. I be Karen eiffel . Professor hilbert look at she , amaze . kay ( cont 'd ) I believe we have a mutual acquaintance . professor hilbert please ... please ... sit down . kay I just come by ... to ... uh ... ( pause ) here . professor hilbert be this ...? kay yes ... professor hilbert oh ... so ... you finish it ? typed it and everything ? kay this morning . professor hilbert I see . Professor hilbert hang he head with despair . kay I think ... perhaps ... you may be interested in the new end ... Professor hilbert look up at she . professor hilbert I be sorry ...? kay the end . you may want to read it . she offer it to he . he look at it . int . hospital room ~- day harold wake up in a hospital room , sunlight pour in . his leg be in a cast , he right arm in a sling , he head be bandage and he leave wrist be cover in gauze . ( continued ) 112. a friendly - look doctor be currently review he file . doctor afternoon . harold oh ... hi ... . doctor pretty brave thing you do ... harold ( groggily ) what ? doctor stepping in front of the bus ... pretty brave . kind of stupid . but pretty brave . harold | oh. yeah ... ( shifting ) ouch . be uh ... be that boy okay ? doctor just fine . scratch up be all . harold good . be I okay ? doctor well , you be not dead . on the other hand ... ( read , excitedly ) look like you crack you head , break three bone in you leg and foot , suffer four break rib , fracture you right arm ... and you severe a artery in you leave arm which could have be really amazingly a shard of metal watch become lodge in the cause you heart rate to keep you loss of blood to keep you alive ... which cool . harold wow ... doctor yeah . bad , but from you artery , slow , down enough be pretty with some physical therapy and a few month of rest you should be fine . well ... sort of . we could not remove the shard of watch without risk major muscular damage . it will be okay , you will just have a watch piece embed in you arm for the rest of you life . harold chuckle and look at he wrist . ( continued ) 113. doctor { cont ' D} {pause } you be very lucky to be alive , Mr. crick . harold ( pause} yeah ... a nurse enter . nurse Dr. mercator . Mr. crick have a visitor ... doctor sure ... the nurse open the door to the hallway and Ana come in , carry a paper plate . she immediately come to he side . ana harold ... she begin to cry . harold I be okay ... harold ... harold hey ... I be alright ... ana I ... harold ... harold Ana ... I be okay . ana no you be not . look at you ! you be severely injure . harold can not help but laugh . harold i'm fine . ana I come straight from the bakery ... what happen ...? harold I uh ... I step in front of a bus . ana {incredulously ) why ? . { continued ) 114 . harold I do not ... I be not ... there be a boy . I push he out of the way . ana what ? harold I have to keep this boy from be hit . ana you step in front of a bus to , save a little boy ...? harold I do not have a choice . ( pause ) I have to . she kiss he . ana harold . if anything have happen to you ... it would have break my rebellious little heart ... I ... I ... 'wipe she tear ) you do not know how grateful I be you be alive . ' harold ( pause ) i’ know ... surprisingly , I be too . Ana take a breath and calm down a little . she put the paper plate on the bed next to he . ana here . I bring you cookie . he smile . int . hilbert office -- continuous Professor hilbert finish the manuscript . he put it down on the couch next to he . professor hilbert ( pause ) it 's ... it 's okay . she turn to he . Kay it 's not great . professor hilbert no. but ... it 's okay . it 's not bad . not the most amazing piece of american literature in several year but ... it 's okay . {continued } 115 . kay ( pause ) you know , I think I be fine with okay . professor hilbert it do not make any sense with the rest of the book though . kay no . not yet . I will re-write the rest . my assistant say , she say she would go back to the publisher and request more time . he look at she . professor hilbert why ? kay I be sorry . professor hilbert why do you change it ? kay ( pause ) lot of reason . but ... I realize I could not do it . professor hilbert because he 's real ? kay no. because ... ( pause ) it 's a book about a man who do not know he 's about to die ... then die . but if the man do know he 's go to die , and die anyway ... die willingly , know he could stop it ... you tell I ... ( pause ) be not that the type of man you want to keep alive ? he stare at she . suddenly she stop and look at he . they stare at each other for a moment . her lip part . his the the then ... finger twitch . skull on hilbert 's carpet look on ( anxiously ) . manuscript reveal they lopsided fate . ( continued ) 116 . kay ( cont 'd ) {pause ) thank you for you letter . I be sorry I never write back . professor hilbert it 's okay . thank you for you novel . the two just look at each other awkwardly for a moment . kay be there ... uh ... be there any chance you would like to get a cup of coffee . professor hilbert yes . wo. I mean ... I can not . TI quit . kay coffee ? professor hilbert yes . why ? do I seem sluggish ? kay no. no. actually , I just quit myself . I mean , smoking . professor hilbert when do you quit ? kay page 311 . professor hilbert ah ... they smile at each other . professor hilbert ( cont 'd ) how about something else ...? kay okay . what do you feel like ...? professor hilbert I do not know . seem like a good opportunity to start a new routine . kay tea ...? professor hilbert tea and scone ...? kay that ... that sound ... yes. ( pause ) you know , I have hear of a excellent bakery . ( continued ) 117 . professor hilbert ( nod ) sound good . maybe we can visit harold . see how he 's do . kay you just read how he 's do . he 's do fine . Professor hilbert stand and take she hand . they go to the door and out into the hallway . we hear he walk away and the office door close as we zoom in on the last paragraph , which begin with the word , " as harold take a bite of bavarian sugar Cookie ... " int . hospital room -- continuous harold take a bite of bavarian sugar Cookie ... narrator ( v.o. ) as harold take a bite of bavarian sugar Cookie , he finally feel as if everything be go to be okay . ( pause ) sometimes , when we lose ourselves in fear and despair , in routine and constancy , in hopelessness and tragedy ... there be bavarian sugar cookie . Ana stroke he face ... he shoulder ... narrator ( cont 'd ) and , fortunately , when there be not any cookie we can still find reassurance in a familiar hand on we skin ... cur to : int . garment loft narrator or a kind and loving gesture ... penny take a pack of nicotine patch and place they squarely on Kay 's laptop . int . office Dave open up a manila envelope and pull out the content . narrator or a subtle encouragement ... it 's a application for Space Camp - int . boy' bedroom narrator or a loving embrace ... { continued ) 118 . the boy 's father hug he tightly . int . bus terminal narrator or a offer of comfort . carla be surround by co-worker who console she . int . hospital emergency room -- flashback we flash back to the scene with Kay in the emergency room , the young gunshot victim be carry in ... a narrator not to mention hospital gurney ... int . swimming pool -- flashback we flash back to the scene with hilbert at the swim pool , put he nose plug in ... narrator and nose plug ... int . LIBERTY bakery -- flashback we flash back to the first scene in the bakery , the homeless man eat he danish . narrator and uneaten danish ... int . ana '’s bedroom -- flashback we flash back to the scene with harold and Ana look at each other , they head on they pillow . narrator and soft-spoken secret ... int . music store -~ flashback we flash back to the scene with harold in the music store . narrator and fender stratocaster ... int . bus -- flashback we flash back to the scene with harold read the manuscript on the bus . narrator and maybe , the occasional piece of fiction . int . hospital room -- continuous the flaming lip ' " do you realize ? " ( track 9 on you cd ) begin to play . Ana have a pen and be draw anarchist symbol and propaganda on harold 's cast . he chuckle . ( continued ) 119 . narrator and we must remember that all this thing , the nuance , the anomaly , the subtlety which we assume only accessorize we day , be in fact here for a much larger and nobler cause . {pause } they be here to save we life . finish draw , Ana affectionately touch the gauze on harold 's wrist . narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know the idea seem strange . but I also know that it just so happen to be true . ( pause ) and so it be ... a wristwatch save harold crick . he look at she and smile . int . hilbert office -- continuous we pan down the final page of . the manuscript , through white , until we reach this word : the end.