stranger than paradise a film proposal - by Jim jarmusch condact : jim jarmusch / cingsihisia 24 Prince Street # 7 New York NY 10012 tel . : 212 226 1341 '' 1982 Jim jarmusct ths arrival ( already complete section ) s2 v anger than pafadisz complete section scene 1 + £xt. day. Airport . the sound of a jet aircraft be hear pass overhead . a young woman ( VA ) dress in a dark overcoat be stand - ing , face the cold , barren landscape of a large airfield . a suitcase be at she side . several large plane be visible on the airfield . a low - fly jet pdss overhead , then the young woman turn , and walk out of the frame . a plane taxi on the airfield . mo 4 sprang&r than paradiss complete section scene 2 + : int. Day . tenement board - house room . the telephone be ringing . a young man enter ( willie ) dress in a hat and coat . ke cross the room and pick up the phone as he sit down on the bed . williz : yeah ? , . , o0h , hello aunt Lotte . do not speak to I in kungarian ... no , I have not hear from they -- not for ten year ... yeah , I get you letter . speak zn3lish please ! , .. yeah , my little cousin Zva , yeah I know , she 's gonna come here and she 's gonna stay overnight . when be she come ?. , . today ? straight from budapest today ? oh , nol ... no , I never agree to that ... I can not possibly babysit she for ten day !... no , look , its disrupt my whole life ... I do not even consider myself a part of the family , do you understand ?... well , I be sorry you have to go into the hospital ... yeah ... yeah ... okay , bye - bye . willie hang up the telephone , and sigh in frustration . a ' — a strangs2 than paradis complete section scene 3 : scene 4 : scene 5 : ext. Day . Street . eva walk down a empty street carry she suitcase and a large paper bag . she pause and put down the bag . eva take a batter cassette player from the paper bag and turn it on . " I put a spell on you " by secreamin ' jay hawkins be hear comming from the tape-player . £ eva pick up the bag , and continue down the bleak street . ext. Day , Street . eva walk through the city , past a deteriorate gas station , shop protect by steel gate , and wall line with litter and graffit¥i . the music continue from she cassette -player . 2xt . day. Street . VA turn : a corner , and walk down still another desolate street . she pause to look up at a street sign , then at the address of the building on the corner . she approach _ the doorway of the building -- a dilapidate , wooden rooming - house , its paint chipping off the wall . strangzr than paradise complete section scene 6 : int. williz 's room . Day . willi£ be lie on he bed stare at the ceiling . he nervous - ly snap a rubber band between he tooth . after a pause a knock be hear at the door . willie : yeah ? he get up slowly and cross the room , and open the door . eva be stand in the hallway outside the door . eva : hello . I be Eva molnar . williz£ : no kid . eva : be you bela molnar ? willie : no ... ( pause ) I use to be . call I Willie , if you have to call I something . 2va : ( say something in hungarian ) . williz : oh ! do not speak hungarian at all . only English . all right ? while you be here , only English ... williz move away from the door , leave eva stand in the doorway . willie : ( after a pause ) well , come in ! eva reluctantly enter the room , and look around curiously , as willie begin throw dirty clothes off a bench to make room for she thing . zvat tomorrow I must go to Cleveland - in - Ohio by train . willie : ( sit down on a chair ) yeah , well you can not go to Cleveland - in - Ohio tomorrow . aunt Lotte have to so into the hospital for ten day . you can stay here tonight and I do not know what you be gonna do after that . ev4 : ten day ?.-- ten day ? j stranger than paradise complete section scene 2 ? : int. Morning . williz 's room . williz be in bed asleep . eva , wear mens ' pajamas which be too large for she , be sit up on the bench ( she bed ) , smoking a cigarette . quietly , she stand up and move to the window , where she look out , attract by the strange | | sound of this new city . the telephone begin to ring . she turn toward the bed where williz : be sleep . eva : Willie ? ( pause-willi é do not stir ) ; willt2 ! there be still no response from williz as gva cautiously pick up the telephone . eva : ( into the phone ) hello ?... yes , he 's sleep ... what ? sxcuse I ?... 1 do not understand .... yeah , I be he cousin ... I be really he cousin ... éxcuse I ?... could you speak a little slower please ?... yes , courguy ?... okay , I will tell hin . eva sit back down on she make - shift bed and light another cigarette . eventually williz stir . willie : who ring ? eva : yes , the telephone ring . willizz : no , I mean who be on the phone ? eva : ' courguy ' ? he say he name be courguy . williz : what ? eva : he say he name be ' courguy ' . '' williz : I do not know anybody name courguy ! eva : that 's what he say he name be . willis : do not answer my fuckin ' phone , all right ? '' courvuy " ( as williz go back to sleep 's stranger than paradise complete section scene 9 : int. Day . willie 's room , Eva be stand near the door with she overcoat on . willi ¢c approach she . williz : hey , Zva , you goin ' out ? '' eva : yes . willis : look , uh , Clinton Street be two block south of here . I would not go any further south than Clinton Street . eva : nhy ? williz : its really dangerous there . zva : I can take care of myself . williz : ( very annoyed ) man. listen , you come here , you don ' even know what goin ' on in this city , you 'ver never be here before , you come and stay in my apartment -- I do not even want you here -- and its like , '' yeah , I know what 's goin ' on " . you think you be so motherfuckin ' together ! eva : ( after a pause , confuse by this expression ' to - gether 's ) I be go alone . williz : ( give up ) oh ... go alone then . zva leave . williz stand at the door and sigh . '' strangsr than paradisz complete section scene 10 : int. even . willie 's room , eva be seat at the table ( the only real piece of furniture in the room ) . williz cross , and sit downs across from she , '' place a tv dinner , still in foil , on the table in front of he . bva look at it curiously . williz : you sure you do not want a 2v dinner ? eva : yes . I be not hungry . ( pause ) why be it call " p V dinner " ? 7 williz : uh , you be suppose . to eat it while you watch tv , ...' Television ' . ( he have remove the foil and be eat . ) eva : I know what a tv be ..... where do that meat come from ? ( she stare curiously at the meat , ) : williz : what do you mean ? eva : what do that meat come from ? will ic : I guess it come from a cow . zva : ( still stare at the meat ) from a cow ? it do not even look like meat ! . williz : Eva , stop buggin ' I , will you ? you know , this be the way we eat in America . ( point with he fork ) I get my meat , I get my potato , I get my vegetable , I get my dessert , and I do not even have to wash the dish . eva look over at this sink ( full of dirty dish ) then back at willie and he curious food . stranger than paradise complete section scene 11 : int. afternoon . willie 's room . eva be sit on willi£ 's bed read a comic book , while willie stand at the sink shave . a knock be hear at the door . willie : yeah ? zddig , willie 's best friend , enter the room wear a hat very similar to the one willie usually wear . eddiz : ( to zva ) hi. ( then to williz ) hey Willie , how ya doin’ . willie : hey , man , how ya doin ' . eddie : pretty good . I do not know you have company . williz : that 's my cousin . from budapest . eddiz : ( look over at eva ) yeah ? she 's cute . willie : shut -up , man. : , sddiz : ( move over to eva , extend he hand ) hi , I be Eddie . eva ! Eva , eddie : how do you do ? ( he 'sit next to she on the bed ) eva : okay . eddie : hungary ... have you be here . in New York long ? eva : for two day only . eddi£ : you like it here ? eva : yes .... I be go to Cleveland in ablout a week , eddiz : Cleveland ! beautiful city . eva : yeah ? . eddiz : oh yeah , its get a big , beautiful lake . you will love it there . - ernt ' ninda - " stranger than paradise complete section scene 11 1 - continue - eva : have you be there ? eddi£ : no . williz , have finish shave , cross over to the bed where they be sit . williz : ( to eddiz ) who 's runnin ' in the second horse race today ? , eddiz : ( look at he racing form ) we have '' indian '' iver ' , " face the Music ' , ' Inside dope ' , ' off the Wall 's , ' cat fight ' , ' late spring ' , ' pass Fancy ' , and , uh , ' Tokyo Story ' . ' Tokyo Story ' be a good bet . willi .:: yeah , that 's a good bet . get off my shirt , man . eddiz : ( stand up ) sorry . ( sit back down ) williz : ( put on he shirt ) what horse be in the third race ? eddie : ( again consulting the form ) ' song and dance 's , ' the Real mccoy ' , ' Square deal ' , uh , some other , and ' the female touch 's . that one 's a good bet -- ' female touch 's , willie : no , I be not bettin ' that race . zddiz : we gonna take va ? willi2 : ( put on he coat ) no , we be not gonna take Eva , eva : ( to sddiz ) he bug I . sddi : ' you should come with we . you would have a nice time . 3va : be it nice ? sddiz oh its fun , yeah . yeah . - continue - rno , staanser than paradise - complete section - ~ scene 11 : - continue - willie : ( he coat and hat on ) okay . I ' ready . eddiz : ( stand up ) why do not we take 2 va with we ? ( willi£ ignore he ) why do not we take she with we ? willie : I do not want to take Eva with we . ( he move toward the door ) eddiz : she would have a good time ! : williz : ( turn toward eva ) look , Zva , stay out of trouble , all right ? just stay here while I be go , all right ? ( then to eddie ) let 's go , man . eddie : ( follow willie to the door ) why do not we take she with we ? '' williz : come on , man . ( he go out door ) zva1 ( to eddiz ) bye . @ddiz : see you later , Zva .... i'1l see you again sometime . zddie go out the door . zva toss down the comic book , and lie back on the bed , annoyed by willie 's treatment of she , | I ! 3 spranser than paradise complete section scene 12 : int. even . williz 's room , willie and eva be sit ( on they respective sleep place ) watch a football game on television . as willie react to event in the game , eva observe this reaction as well as what be happen on the tv screen . willie : so you see the guy that have the ball ? eva : uh-huh . a willie : that 's the ' quarterback 's . he can either hand it to one of the other runner , or he can pass it downfield . he 's kind of like , uh , he 's like the gen - eral , you know ? he 's in charge of the offense . he con - trol the offense . eva : oh ... so what do the quarterback do when he team become the defense ? willie : what ? eva : what do the quarterback do when he team become the defense ? williz : ( pause ) the ... the quarterback 's not on the defense ever ... do not know how I can explain this to you . just watch the game . eva : ( after a long pause ) I think this game be really stupid . : willie sigh and continue watch the screen , scene 14 : 4 | stranger than paradise complete section scene 13 : int. night . williz 's room eva and williz be in the same place as in the previous scene , but they be slouched down a little , and the room be - muoh darker . silently , they watch a sience fiction film on television -- the light from the screen casting they shadow on the wall behind then , int . early morning . williz 's room . again =va and williz be in the same place , but now it be lighter - - early morning . williz be asleep on he bed , while sva can barely keep she eye open to see the tv screen . in contrast , a action - fill cartoon be on television . 6 stranger than paradise ' complete section sc. 15 : int. day. willie 's roon . willie be sit at the table read a newspaper . eva be look for something in the room . evat do you have a vacuum cleaner ? it 's really dirty '' in here . ( she continue look around ) willis : ( read ) what ? zvat do you have a vacuum cleaner ? I want to vacuum the floor . willie : vacuum cleaner ? oh , uh , its under the bed . eva walk over to the bed , and pull a cheap upright vacuum cleaner out . she take it over to the kitchenette , and plug it into a socket . willie : ( look up from he paper ) you know , its really too formal to say " I want to vacuum the floor " . eva : oh . what do you say ? willi£ : well , you say " I want to choke the alligator . '' so if somebody come in while you be do that , you say " I ‘*m choke the alligator . " eva : ( smile ) oh , okay . I be '' choke the alligator " . eva turn on the vacuum cleaner and begin sweeping . 16 spranger than paradis ? complete section scene 15 : int. day. williz 's room . williz be alone in the room , sit at the table play solitaire , and hum quietly to himself . after a pause eva enter the room wear she large overcoat . she cross over to the table . eva : hi Willie . . willi£ : hello , Zva . fow be you : do ? eva begin to remove can and various other . food item from she pocket and from under she coat . willi ? watch with mild surprise . she take out a freeze tv dinner and place it on the table in front of willi . williz : how would you get all this stuff ? I think you do not have any money . bva : I get this stuff with no money . this one be especially for you -- tv dinner . williz smile and watch as VA produce a full carton of ' chesterfield cigarettes . willis : fhanks ... you be all right kid , I think . I think you be all right , kid ..... s0 , I have be lose all after - noon , ( refering to he game of solitaire ) eva : I have be win . they both smile . '' ( if stranger than paradise complete section scene 16 1 : int. afternoon . williz 's room . eva be alone in the room , dance to the music from she cassette recorder ( 'I put a spell on you ' ) . she move to the music around the room . after a minute , williz enter carry a shopping bag . bva : oh ... hi. ( she stop dance ) williz : ( move toward the tape : player ) what the fuck be that ? ( ke turn off the music ) I really hate that kind of music . eva : its ' screamin ' jay hawkins 's and he 's a wild man , so bug offl williz : ( after a pause ) so , uh , I get something for you . ( he hand she the shopping baz ) eva : what be it ? williz : its a present . eva look in the bag . she slowly take out a pastel party dress ( not the type of dress VA would ever wear ) , and hold it up to herself . eva : oh , thank you ... ( after a pause ) I think its kind of _ ugly , do not you ? williz : no , I buy it ! why do not you try it on . eva : I do not really wear this ... style . willié : you know , you come here and . you should dress like people dress here . eva : ( toss the dress onto a chair ) I will try it on ... later . , williz shrug , and walk away from she . scene 17 8 than papadiss complete section int. Zven . willi= 's room . will ia be sit by the table , watch , as zva be pre - pare she thing , fold they and place they into she suitcase which lie open on the bed . she be wear the dress willie give she in the previous scene , she take the open carton of chesterfield from the table and put then in the suitcase . willie : hey ! leave I some chesterfield . eva : can I get they in Cleveland ? willizz : ( laugh ) yeah . yeah , you can get they in Cleveland . bva : do they taste good there , like here ? williz : yeah , they be the same chesterfield . all over America , they be the same . eva put a few pack back on the table , then pack the rest . she continue pack as willie watch in silence . 14 stranger than paradise complete section scene 18 : int. Zven . williz 's room . eva and williz be stand by the door of the room . sva 's bag be at she side , and she be put she over - coat on over the dress williz give she . williz watch sadly as she fasten she coat . williz : so , be you sure you . do not want I to come with you to the train station ? 2va : uh-huh . I would like to go there by myself . '' willié : ( after a pause ) yeah ... so , I do not know . take care of yourself . eva : Goodbye Willie . ( she kiss he on the cheek ) willi£ open the door for she . williz : so , =va ? zva : yeah ? williz : uh , maybe I will see you again sometime . sva : yeah , maybe . eva leave . willie stand by the door silently , listen to eva 's footstep fade down the hallway . '' strangsr than paradiss complete section scene 19 ext. night . Street corner . eva be stand on a dark street corner , she bag at she side on the ground . she look around , and see nobody , take off she overcoat , and put pants on under she dress . she then take off the dress and toss it into a garbage can nearby . as she be do this , zddi2 be approach from around the corner . she does't : notice he until he speak , after observe she toss the dress into the garbaze . sddie : eva ! eva : oh !... hi. ( she look at the dress in the garbage , then back at eddiz , realize he have see she throw it away ) this dress bug I ... I be leave . I be go to Cleveland . eddiz : ( look first at the dress then at hva ) beautifu town , Cleveland ! eva : ( shaking hand with zddiz ) well , it be nice meeting you . eddiz : yeah , it be nice meeting you too . VA walk away , down the street in the direction iddii come from . 3 ddi pause , look once more at the dress in the garbage , then walk away in the opposite direction . spranser than paradise complete section ~~ scene 20 : int. night . williz 's room . | williz be pace back and forth in he room . after a pause , | there be a knock at the door . : willi2£ : yeah ? | '' app ig : ( enter the room ) hey Willie . : williz : hey Eddie . . eddiz : how you doin ' ? . willi¢ : I be all right . eddiz : so , I see 4va . she 's goin ' to Cleveland , huh ? williz : she 's go , man . _ eddi3 : ( look down ) yeah ... c. willi@ : do you see the dress I buy she ? eddiz : oh , yeah ! yeah . willié : its beautiful , right ? eddi= : yeah ! beautiful dress . : willis : ( after a pause ) want a beer ? . gddiz : yeah . williz get two beer from the refridgerator and give one to 2ddi3 , hey sit down and drink they beer . it seem like zddiz want to say something to williz , but he do not , and the two of they sit there drink silently for several minute ons yar latar '' | | 23 stranger than paradise continuation scene 2 / int . night . NY tenement apt . a poker game around a table in a barren , dim tenement apartment . among the grizzle face of the five player be williz ( bela molnar ) and eddie ( Willie 's best friend ) . unlike the unhappy face of the other three , willie and eddi é be smile and pull money toward they on the table . one of the other player glare at williz . poke % player : I think there 's something ! funny about the way you be dealin' the card . all three of the other player glare at willie and eddi3 as willie gather the money quickly , and move toward the door with =£ ddig . eddie : man , you guy be bad loser . can you believe this guy ? we will know who not to play card with next time . as willi3 and zddi£ leave the room hurriedly , the other player rise from they chair , they eye angrily fix on the clos - ing door . , s2 pan32r than patadisz continuation | | scene 22 : XI , night . desert NY street . | williz and zddis stop in the doorway of a building on the l desert street . willis calmly begin count they money , 1 as sddiz glance nervously down the street . spdiz : we gotta watch that guy . ; williz : ( still count the money ) do you brother - in - law still lease use car ? zddiz : ( again glance down the street ) yeah , he do . what , you wanna leave town because of that guy ? then they will really think we be guilty . williz : no , man , not ' cause of they . ( pause ) I just want to get out of here . see something else for a few day . zddiz : yeah , I do not know ... williz walk off , and after a pause , eddie follow he , : | | ee 25 sprangzr than paradiss continuation c| scene 73 + int. car. Day . NY traffic jam . willie and eddie ( Zddie drive ) be in a large , beat - up american car , stop in traffic in a run-down neighbor - nood in New York . Willie be in high spirit , hum to himself . williz : you think this heap will get we to Cleveland and back ? eddiz : yeah . sure . if not we can just dump it somewhere and take a bus . a taxi-cab , move in the other direction , stop next to they car , catch in the traffic . the surly , brutal face of the cab-driver be only several foot away from williz 's window , willie roll down he window and call jokingly to the cab driver . willie : hey , which way be Cleveland ? the driver stare at he without respond , maintain he cruel , fix expression . after a pause , both car begin to move again in opposite direction . u yt ( | stranger than paradiss continuation i i scene2y : int. - car. Day . U.S. interstate highway . 4 : eddie be still drive , as the car move toward the mount - ain of . Pennsylvania on a large U.S. highway . there be a pause , as they gaze out at the pass countryside . eddiz : so , uh , where we gonna stay in Cleveland ? with you aunt , and Eva ? ue willie do not respond , but continue stare out at the’ landscape . eddie look over at he , then return he eye to the road . will i¢ : ( after a pause , still stare out the window ) q . how much money you get ? eddiz : I get a lot . : williz : ( look over at eddiz ) how much you get ? eddiz : a lot . I be rich . ( willie still look at he -- , there be a pause ) I get almost six hundred dollar , willie : ssshhhhh - man ! we be richt eddiz : ( happily ) we be almost millionare . .- — — — R _ strange ? than paradisz continuation ' ( i | scene 25 : int. car.. day. driving . | | =ddi£ and willie be on the road . they be quietly drink beer from can , listen to a local am radio station , and watch the pass landscape . a map be on the front seat , unfold , next to several empty beer can . scene Zé : int. car. late afternoon . driving . still drive , sddiz and willis be now on the outskirt of Cleveland . on the horizon be smokestack from steel - mill and factory . as they get nearer to the center of the city the smokestack become replace by smaller fac - torey , and the spire of old , eastern - european - look church . £ ddiz and williz seem blankly mesmerize by this unfamiliar landscape . eddiz : do it look sort of like budapest ? | williz : shut -up . no ene eta , a 23 stranger than paradise continuation scene 27 : ext. even . outside aunt Lotte 's house . the beat - up car willie and 2 ddiz have be travel in be park in front of a decaye wooden house on a bleak Cleveland street . the sky be dark , and there be snow on the ground . williz and zddiz get out of the car and approach the house . they knock , and the door be part - ially , operied by a short , round , aging woman ( aunt lott2 ) . she be suspicious of they , and , from what little can be hear , speak in hungarian . after some discussion , it be apparent that she finally understand who they be . she greet willis , shaking he hand , then embrace iddi5 -- almost as though she have confuse the two of they and think zddi é be she nephew . she then usher they into she house . 7 '' et stfanser than paradise continuation scene 28 : | int , even . aun ? loit3 's house . eddiz and willi2 be ushere into aun ? lo? t:3 's house . fhey enter the livingroom , decorate with heavy , old - world furniture . in a central spot in the room be a very large television set , turn on . aunt lof ? say something in hungarian , and williz and eddi£ look around the room , then sit down . aunt lotte speak again , then go into the adjoin kitchen . , williz : ( answere aunt lott in English ) well , we be not really that hungry . do you have any beer ? ( then to eddiz ) man , I wish she would just speak Znglish . aun ? lotte come back into the room bring they a tray of food . she then sit down also . sddiz and \'illiz sit eat , as aun ? lotte return she concentration to the tv program . williz : so , you look good , aunt Lotte . ( aunl lott ? do not respond ) where 's Zva ? aunt lott@ speak several sentence in kungarian , she eye still fix on the tv screen . williz : ( between bite of he sandwich , to &ddié ) Zva work in some kind of a hamburger stand . again , aun lottz , watch the iv intently , speak in fungarian williz : ( to zddiz ) we have to pick she up from work in a hour or so . eddi # : ( eat ) oh yeah ? oh. okay . the three of they sit there , aunt loite stare at the tv , williz , eat and watch aunt lott , and eddiz , also eat - ~ ing , and look around the room with its dark wood and haavy furnishine . 30 spranger than paradise continuation 4 scene 2g int. night. hamburger stand . 7 eddi£ and williz , with they hat on and they coat pull tightly around they , enter a dilapidate , dirty hamburger stand probably build thirty year ago . they see VA ( who be work behind the counter , and do not seem to notice they ) . zddiz and willis sit down at the counter , they face lower and partially hide by the brim of : they hat . eva come over to they , have still not recognize they . sva : yeah ? willie and zddiz look up , and zva slowly smile as she recognize they . bva : oh ! , .. hil ( pause ) what be you do here ? williz : well , we be not exactly sure . the three of they look at one another as smile spread over they face . J strangsr than paradise continuation scene 30 int. car. night . parking lot of hamburger stand . ee | | | willie and eddiz sit in they car outside the hamburger stand , wait for zva to get off work . after a short while , eva be see . ( through the car window ) comming out of the hamburger stand . a boy , about she age ( billy ) , be walk with she , talk nervously . billy be tall , thin , have acne , and seem typically midwestern - american . williz and =ddi é watch from inside the car , as zva and billy approach . billy : ( to zva ) well , you say yesterday that you could go with I to the movie tomorrow night . do not you want to see STAR war part sour ? or we could see that Zuropean movie , day vithcut SUN . come - on , iva , you tell I you could go . uva : oh ... be there a kung - fu movie ? billy : well , I do not know . uh ... I will check , okay ? sva : ( get into the car ) okay . bye . £ VA close the door , and the car pull out of the parking - lot , leave billy stand alone in the snow . williz : ( drive ) who 's that creep ? eva : oh , just a admirer . eddiz turn around , and give eva ( in the backseat ) a quizical look , then turn back . there be a pause before zva speak . eva : so , its pretty strange , you guy comming here to Cleveland . there be silence as the three look out the car window at the bleak , snow - cover street of Cleveland , 32 sttangzf than paradis ! continuation scene 3 / : int. the next even . aunt lott 's livingroom . willis and £ ddiz be seat on the large sofa on either side of aunt lottz . aunt lotte be look straight ahead at the television screen , engross in the program . willie and eddiz be talk , around she , about the quality of the current Cleveland Browns football team , they have to ' speak loudly in order to be hear over the television sound . eva enter the livingroom behind they , and check she make - up in the mirror . eva : ( still look in the mirror ) so ... I be go to the movie , =va turn toward williz , about to say something to he , when aunt lottz , still look straight at the tv , say something to eva sternly in hungarian . , eva : ( to aunt lott3 ) no ! I do not need they to chaperon I ! aunt Lotte , please !... oh fuck . aun ? lor ts again speak forcefully in kungarian . 3ddi3 be look back and forth between all three of the nother , as williz get up from the sofa . willi¢ : ( to eva ) well , we do come all the way here to see you , you know . eva : ( put on she coat ) okay , okay , we can all go . eddie , still confuse get up from the sofa , look back and forth between williz and eva . eddie : what , we goin’ to the movie with Eva ? ( a ) ~ ) stranger than paradis : continuation scene 2 . : int . Movie theater . williz , £ zva , sddi £ and billy be in the audience in the movie theater . they face be dimaly light from the light from the screen . the violent sound of a kung - fu movie be hear . willi£ and eddiz be seat on either side of zva , with billy on the outside , next to sddiz . billy be nervous , and be hold a large container of popcorn in he lap . ' he look at the other , all of whom be concentrate on the movie . after a pause , billy reach across 2 ddi2 in order to offer some popcorn to zva . she take some , barely move she eye from the screen . as the popcorn pass iddi2 ( on the way back to billy ) iddi2 take some too . 3 illy remain somewhat nervous , while the attention of the other be rivete to the screen . 34 stranger than paradise continuation C | | scene 33 : int car . night . { williz and eddiz 's car ( with zva and billy in the back seat ) stop in front of the run-down apartment building where billy life . billy be get out of the car . | billy : ( to williz and eddiz in the front ) well , eddis : yeah , well thanks for payin 's for we . billy : ( to VA ) uh ... Zva , uh , do you want to walk I to the door ? eva shrug , then get out of the car and walk with thanks for the ride , guy . i a be billy to the door of he building , while willi= and zddiz watch through the car window . willi3 : ( imitate billy ) " do you want to walk - I to the door ? " man , we gotta get ou of here . what be we doin’ here ? eddie sigh , and look at the surroundings through the car window . zddiz : ( in a flat tone ) Cleveland . | | sce 3 stranger than paradise continuation 4 3 int. even . aunt lottz 's livingroom . eddiz , williz , and aunt lotte be sit around a coffee table play card . the television set be turn , on , but quiet . aunt lott be have fun , laugh - ing , talk - in hungarian , and beat williz and sddiz at the card game . willie and zddiz , on the other hand , be quiet , and seem somewhat bored , behind they , zva be talk on the telephone , and walk in and out of the kitchen and the livingroom as she talk . eva : ( on the phone ) no , I can not tonight . ( pause ) no , I want to see my cousin and he friend . they have to leave tomorrow , so ... ( pause ) I tell you I can not ! ( a longer pause ) look , call I back later , like in a month or two , £ VA hang up the telephone , then re-enter the live - room and walk over to the card game . VA : ( address zddiz ) so , 3ddie , do not you guy want I to take you to see the big lake ? eddis :. oh , yeah ! yeah , we want to . as. willie and eddie get up the go with zva , aunt lottz , in 's good spirit , pat eddiz 's face affectionately . se stran3zr than paradisz continuation scene 35 1 ext. Zven . the shore of Lake Zrie . williz , zva , and £ ddiz , with coat , hat and scarve , be seat on a bench overlook the vast , freeze surface of Lake @rie . williz and zddiz be on either side of zva , the three almost huddle together against the cold wind . zddiz take beer from a paper bag , give one to willie , offer one to sva ( who decline ) , and take one for he self . there be a pause as they look out on the lake . eddiz : ( look at the lake ) beautiful . ( pause ) its so hugel there be a very long pause . williz : ( to VA ) so .... ( pause ) sva : well , it be really nice of you guy to come all this way to see I . : zddiz : it be nice of you to be here . williz : Eddie ... ( then to VA ) uh , yeah . we just de - cide to come out here ... see how you be doin ' . again there be a long pause as they stare out at the lake . zva : its kind of a drag here , really . : williz and sddi3 drink they beer as the three of they look blankly at the icy , desolate lake . a o7 stranger lhan PA '' adisz continuation scene 36 : ext. Morning . outside aun ? lotte ' 's house . the car be outside aunt lotte 's house . willi£ and =ddiz be say goodbye to zva . ava : ( kissing they both goodbye ) okay ... well ... goodbye , again . eddiz and willie get into the car , have say goodbye , '' 3va lean down to the window on . williz 's side ( ddi be behind the wheel ) as williz roll down the window . zva : so , if you guy win a lot of money at the race sometime , you should come back and kidnap I . williz : yeah . we should try to do that . eddi£ : so long , 3va . williz and eddie drive off . iva wave goodbye , then turn and go back toward the house . ou paradise 3y strang ? than paradiss continuation ( | i scene 37 : int. car. Morning . on the road . williz and zddiz be in the car , leave Cleveland . zddiz ( drive ) occaisionally look over at willizz in the passenger seat . williz look straizht ahead , out the front window of the car . neither one speak . I 'he car radio be not on . finally , willi é break the silence . { will ii : ( still look straight ahead ) so how much , money you get leave ? : - '' ddiz : almost all of it . I have only spend about ! fifty buck . williz : ( after a pause ) you ever be to Miami ? ( eddiz : Florida ? Palm tree ... girl in little bikinis ... williz : you be there ? =eddia : no . there be another pause , during which iddi é keep shifting he eye from the road in front of he to willis . williz : turn around . sddi£ : what ? ( he pull the car over to turn around ) why ? we goin ' to Florida ? ( pause ) we gonna take iva ? williz : Year , we be gonna take 3va . 2ddiz Z turn the car around , and they begin drive back in the direction of aunt lottz 's house . yo stran sr than paradis continuation ; scene 38 : sxt. Day . in front of aunt lottz 's house . i aye the car be once again park in front of aunt loti3 's house . williz be carry zva 's suitcase from the house . : ke be follow by eva , then by zeddi2z and aunt lott . | aunt . lottz be yell at they in hungarian . jva and williz get into the car , as zddiz attempt to calm aunt lottz . eddiz : ( to aunt lottz ) its just a vacation , ' just for a few day . aunt lotte speak angrily in hungarian . zddiz : she 's safe with we . its okay , really . ( he get into the car ) zddis wave goodbye to aunt lottz ( who be still yell in hungarian ) as they pull away in the car . =va watch aun ? lo ? tz 's animated form recede in the distance . = VA then turn back , face foreward . zva : she will get over it . 4 ' st2angz2 than paradiss continuation '' | scene_39 : int. car. Day . on the road . : zddiz and williz be in the front seat ( zddi7 drive ) , and £ VA be in the back . sva appear excited by she escape 1 from Cleveland . | eva : its go to be great there . Florida . addiz : ( turn around to face zva ) so do you have you bikini ready iva ? williz : cut it out , Zddie . eva smile . there be a pause . eva : they have real alligator in Florida . we can 4 choke some alligator , right Willie ? C : williz : ( laugh slightly ) yeah , yeah . ( pause ) so what happen to that party dress I give you ? do you bring it ? zddiz£ turn around to look at 3va , wonder how she will respond , eva : oh , uh ... I , uh , I lose it at a really wild party . 3 : williz : oh , yeah ? i they all laugh . a 42 stran3sr than paf adiss continuation int. car , night . on the road . | scene 40 : sce 4 4ddiz be still drive . williz and iva be both asleep . eddis look over at each of they , turn the radio on quietly , and continue to watch the night landscape as he drive . int. car. Day . rest-stop parking lot . the car be park in the lot of a highway rest-stop . jsodiz be behind the wheel , drink a beer , while VA sleep in the back seat . williz approach the car from the gas station shop , and get into the front seat of the car . he be wear tourist - look sungalss . he have buy three pair of identical sungalss . ke give a pair to eddiz , and wake up zva to give she a pair . williz : here . we can disguise ourselves ' as tourist . eddiz and £ VA try on they sungalss . zddiz check he appearance in the rear-view mirror . =edpis ( look in the mirror ) hey , pretty classy . they drive off , all wear they sunglass . 43 sprangzr than paradise continuation scene 42 : ext. night . parking lot of motel . Florida . the car be park in front of a old , sleezy - look Florida motel . the parking lot be illuminate by the the large , flash neon light from the motel sign . willie be lean against the car , talk to zva , who be in the back seat . williz : so , Zva , you stay down in the back seat until the motel guy be go . then come into the room real quickly . room number seven. sva : ( annoyed ) you guy say you be rich . williz : look , Zva , just do what I say . the three of we can share this room for tonight . just stay down , okay ? williz walk away , as sva , still annoyed , hide in the back seat of the car . C 44 staangs2 than paradiss continuation ' scene 43 int. night . Motel room . Inside the run-down motel room , =ddi£ and willis be organize they belonging . eva knock at the door , and willi£ quickly pull she into the room , there be two large double bed , minimal furnishings and depress decor . eva put she bag on one of the bed , and look around the room . , eva : ( with sarcasm ) this look sort of familiar . williz : listen , we think we might be able to get a cot put in here for you to sleep on . = zvas oh , no . I be sleep here . you guy get that bed , or the cot , or whatever . I be sleep here . ( she sit down on one of the bed ) willie : okay , okay . ( he get into the other . bed , where 2 ddiz be already lie down ) just go to sleep , '' eva , so we can start enjoy we vacation . eva : ( get into she bed ) can we go to the beach tomorrow ? williz : yeah , after we go to the race . eddi£ : yeah , they get dog race down here . williz : yeah ... somehow I do not like the idea of dog race . ; _ eddie : no , dog racing be a big thing here . we get to check it out , you know ? willie : yeah , I guess so ... Dog racing .... 4 ddiz turn out the lisht , and they settle into sleep , with willi2 and zddiz lie uncomfortably on the outside elre of they share double bed . 6 4s rang zr phan paradiss continuation j scene 44 : int. Morning . Motel room . eva wake up in the motel room to the harsh Florida light . she rub she eye , and look around the room , realize that willi£ and eddi £ Z be not there . she get out of bed , see that they personal belonging be still in the room . she go over to the window and look ' out into the parking lot . the car be go . iva cross the room in frustration , and sit back down on she bed . she sigh angrily , and light a cigarette . 46 spranger than paradiss continuation ( | ' scene 45 1 : int. afternoon . Motel room , it be later the same day . '' VA be now dress and listen - ing to the radio . williz and =ddiz be hear pull up in - the car ( in front of the motel ) . zva turn off the radio as they enter the room . williz look very up - set . he look briefly at eva , then sit down on he bed and look down at the floor . addia pace back and forth . williz : ( still look down ) I tell you there be something funny about dog racing . tfhose skinny stupid dog run around the track ... ( sddiz : ( quietly , to zva ) yeah , we lose almost all the money . williz : ( upset ) I can not believe it ! Fucking doz race ! there be a very long , silent pause . eva : so what do we do now ? ! there be another long pause as the three of they stare blankly at the floor . ut strangs2 than paradisz continuation '' scene 46 : ext. afternoon . on the beach . eddi£ , willie and eva walk along the beach -- carry they winter coat , eddi £ and williz wear hat , and all three wear they ' tourist ' sunglass . tfheir pale white face contrast with the tan , overweight body of the slow - move elderly resident inhabit the beach . ihe three of they sit down on the sand , look out at the break wave of the ocean . ' eddie : ( after a pause ) well , its nice and warm here , anyway . eva : yeah , but I be expect it to be ... dif - ferent , somehow . sddiz and eva look around they at the landscape of old depress hotel , stunt palm tree , and elderly citizen , while willie stare distantly into the wave . ry qor stran3z2 than paradisz continuation int. Morning . Motel room , -eddiz and sva be sit on they respective bed as willizz pace around the room , think . eddi£ Z and eva ' watch , he for a while , then eddie speak . eddiz : well , we get almost enough money to get back to Cleveland , or to New York . willie : ( upset ) oh , man , we be rich . zddiz : yeah , but ... I say we go back now . williz continue to walk back and forth , anxiously . williz : listen , we gotta try one more time . but with horse . horse , not dogst eddie : oh , man ... williz :1 come on . we be gonna do it . eva : maybe I would be good luck this time , you know ? williz : no ! you stay here . : eddiz : maybe she 's right , Willie . williz : shut-up . come on , let 's go . eddiz : I think she should come with we . williz1 : no. ( he go out the door ) eddis : ( after a pause , look at = VA ) I think you 's should come ...but ... I be sorry , iva . sddix leave the room , 3va be furious , and begin pace in the room , as the car be hear pull away . stranser € scene 48 : : 1 4 C { v 44 han paradise continuation ext. afternoon . strezt in Miami Beach . eva be on a litter street in Miami Beach in the district near the motel . she be stand on the ' street ( wear she sungalss , and quite out of place with she dark overcoat on ) remove a price - tag from a hat she have just aquire ( steal ? ) . it be a-straw hat with a dark band , and : a broad , flat brim . she put the hat on , check she reflection ina shop window , then begin walk down : the street . she pause on the corner , and look around she . behind eva , a gaunt , suspicious - look man be stand in the shadow of a building observe she . as eva stand , look around she in a daze mood , the man nervously approach she , continually look around they . he stand next to sva , close to she , and speak without look directly at she . man : ( look up and down the street ) I have be wait here for forty minute . where the fuck have you be ? eva look at he , hide she amazement , and before she can speak , he continue . '' man : ( take a large , thick envelope from inside he jacket ) here . tell Mr. houdini thing go smooth . " the man hand 2 VA the envelope , almost twitching , and still without look at she . conceal she confusion , eva put the envelope under she coat , and turn to tre man . -continuet - van al . 5 '' sttcan332 than PA ? adiss continuation scene 48 : - continue - sva : right . but just as she speak , the man be already walk away , turn a’corner behind she . eva walk away quickly in the direction she initially come from . just as she be out of view , a young woman ' walk briskly to the corner where the unexpected transaction occure . she 4s about eva 's height , also with dark hair , and be wear sun - glass , a dark raincoat ( more currently fashionable than VA 's ) , and a flat , wide - brimm straw hat exactly like the one =va be wear . she stand on the corner , and look very nervously around she , she arm fold , she foot tapping on the sidewalk . St stanger than paradise continuation scene 49 : int. afternoon . Motel room . there be no one in the motel room . = VA enter , with she coat , hat and sunglass on . she lock the door behind she , then close the curtain . she cross over to the bed , and take the envelope out from she coat . she open it and look inside in amazement . she empty the corkent onto the bed -- four large stack of money , in $ 20 dollar bill . she pause in daze amazement . eva : ( to herself ) Mr. houdini ? after a moment , during which eva stare off in con - ( centrate think , she quickly get she suitcase and | collect she thing . she put two of the bundle of | money into the suitcase , close it , and put & third '' one into she coat . she then take the last bundle and go to the desk to write a note , when =va have finish - the note she wrap it around the remain money , and leave it on the bed where williz and eddix sleep . she pick up she belonging , look briefly around the room , and leave . $ 2 s2'ang ° shan PA adisz continuation sce qo : int. afternoon . Motel room . nilliz and 2 ddi £ stumble noisily into the room . they be fairly drunk , and happy , have win a great deal of money at the horse race . illia : ( staggering slightly ) where be she ? iva ? we be rich againt ailliz and ziddiz become very quiet : as they look around the room and realize that =va be go , along with she ' suitcase . williz see the note ( and bundle ) on the bed , go over and pick it up . he unwrap the bundle and look first at the money in amazement , then sit down to read the note . as willie read silently to himself , eddiz stand motionless . willis : ( soberly ) its in hungarian . eddie : what do it say ? williz : ( after a pause ) it say that she hate America and all Americans , especially we , and that she 's go to the airport to go back to budapest . there be a long pause . eddiz : where would she get the money ? willie : ( get up , and quickly gather he possesion ) come on , Zddie , we gotta zo to the airport , y raving hurriedly collect they thing , willi2 leave the room . zddiz , empty-hand , follow he in confusion . $ 3 stranger than patadiss continuation scene 51 : int. afternoon . Airport terminal ticket counter . — eva be at the airport , at a ticket counter , be assist by a tan , synthetic - look woman employ by the airline company . airline woman : ( behind the counter ) well , yes , there be opening on the flight to 3udapest , but its board momentarily . you : just have time , if you want to make the seat reservation . : = VA pause for a moment , think . airline woman : well ? you do not have much time , and you be hold up the line here . sva pause again , try to decide . eva : no , I have change my mind . forzet it . eva pick up she suicase , and leave the airport terminal . 's 4 spxangzr than paradisz continuation t scene 52 : int. late afternoon . Airport terminal ticket counter . it be the same ticket counter , and airline agent , as in the previous scene . =ddiz be in the foreground , and willis be in the background talk . with the woman at the ticket counter . after zddi ? stand for a few moment wait , willi2 come up to sddiz in the foreground with a ticket in he hand . . willis : look , she must be on this plane . I buy a ticket . you have enough money to get home , right ? eddiz : well , yeah , but ... williz : okay , take care . I will see you back in New York in a week or so , I do not know . zddig : okay , but ... : . williz : so long , Zddie . willié run off toward the departure gate . eddiz : ( yell after he ) but what about you passport ? williz : ( he voice be hear as he get farther away ) I get it with mee eddiz stand there , he hand in he pocket , stare after williz , even more confuse than before . oe ) 55 sfrang zr lhan PA - adisz continuation scene 53 : int. late afternoon . Motel room . VA enter the motel room with she suitcase , and look around she . they have go . they belonging ..are go .. the car be go . she sit down on the bed , frustrated , confuse , alone . scene 54 : ixt. late afternoon . Airport parking lot . sddiz walk toward the car in the airport parking lot . when he get to where the car be park , he pauss to watch as a lerge jet-liner , which have just take off , pass overhead . Fe watch for a moment as the plane climb skyward . £ ddiz shake he head , get into the car , and drive away .