straight outta compton written by Jonathan herman and andrea berloff Story by S. leigh savidge &amp ; Alan wenkus and andrea berloff 1 title / credit sequence : 1 a avalanche of soundbite , collide and overlap . come so fast , we can barely process they . a virtual sound book ... war on drug . nancy reagan . crack . daryl gate . crip &amp ; blood . everything from knive to pistol to assault rifle . all this image add up to a minute and a half recap of not just black history but american history . as soon as they be do , we find ourselves plunge into -- total darkness : fade up : on ; 2 ext . brown house - compton - night 2 a bucket pull up in front of a shitty - look brown house with ugly bar on the window and door . a rusted swing - set lean sideways on the dirt / grass they call a front lawn . superimpose : compton , CA 1986 Inside the car be eric wright , 21 , but you know he as -- superimpose : eric wright aka eazy - E a man who be completely in he element -- comfortable and poise , ready for anything . he hop out of the car , move quickly to the trunk -- pop it open and reach inside . with a electric screwdriver , eazy unscrew a cerwin - vega sub-woofer . grab a bulg brown bag out of the speaker ... and a 9 mm -- slam the trunk . on the roof , a lookout clock eazy as he walk up to the front door of the decrepit house ... eazy knock by code . a dude , tone ( 20 ) , open a slat in the door . gauge eazy , eye skeptical . tone who be it ? eazy Eric ! man , we be through this shit a thousand time . multiple deadbolt unlock and a irritate eazy enter -- eazy ( cont 'd ) what 's the use to have this dumb ass knock if I gotta tell you my name anyway ? 2 . 3 int . brown house - minute later 3 it 's not what you would call " cozy . " the carpet be tear up , stain , cigarette-burnt . wall cover in tag . a pitbull stare menacingly from the kitchen . in addition to eazy and tone , there be three other people spread around the room : one girl lounge on a vinyl couch , eye glaze ; another girl , tasha , loudly scrape soul food onto the pitbull 's plate ; and a jittery dude steady keep a eye out the window , tense , occasionally clocking -- eazy spread the content of the brown bag before they on a long table : three freezer bag each contain 10 ounce . he look up , all business . eazy now where the money at ? tone man , you hear what happen ? my best runner get crack . they send he young ass to y.a . -- eazy the fuck that get to do with I ? tone turn to tasha in the kitchen , nod . tone tasha , get this dude a 40 . tasha open the fridge , grab a 40oz . -- eazy do I look thirsty to you ? ( beat ) where my end at ? -- hand it to tone who crack it open . drink ... tone why you so ruthless , Eric , damn ! you do not want nothin ' to drink ? what you want -- ( be : the girl ) -- you want some pussy ? eazy yep . but not from this strawberry bitch you get right here . 3. tone so you just gonna disrespect my house like that , cuz ? eazy Dumb ass , this a dope house ! it 's already disrespect . jittery dude ( be : eazy 's drug ) well fuck it then -- you gonna have to let we hold on to that right there . on the couch , the girl grab a sawed - off shotgun from under a pillow . level it at eazy , face grimace , hard , strung out . eazy yeah , do what you gotta do -- ` Cause I get my homy park across the street from you momma 's house . I do not show up . they show out ... eazy just stare right back at they . the tension 's like a pressure cooker about to burst . until -- a whistle echoe in from outside ( the lookout ) -- suddenly , everyone notice a deep rumbling come from outside . jittery dude step back from the window , eye wide -- jittery dude oh , shit -- because there 's a massive armore vehicle roll down the street toward they . 6 ton of steel , with a 14 - foot batter ram mount on the front . lapd emblazon on the side . jittery dude ( cont 'd ) fuckin ' batter -ram ! everyone in the room fly into action , stashing the weapon and the money into hide stash spot all over the house : behind fake - panel light switch , hide hatch beneath the floorboard , in a fake - panel inside the fridge . it 's some serious macgyver shit . eazy grab he rock , bee -line for the back of the house , eye wide , amp on adrenaline as the rumbling escalate to a almost unbearable level -- crash !!! the 14 - foot batter ram punch through the wall . debris fly everywhere . the ram keep come until -- 4. the girl scream ! the armore vehicle reverse , the batter ram pole yanking the entire wall out with it , leave a massive ragged hole where we can see -- squad car swarming into the area , cop flooding toward the house -- lot of yelling as they pin everyone to the floor , it 's too late , nobody can escape ; nobody but -- eazy - E kick out a kitchen window , squeeze through , hit the dirt on the side of the house . sprint past -- a pitbull ! the growling dog hustle for eazy as a flashlight hit eazy 's back , a cop give chase ! as they race across the back yard , the pitbull divert to the cop , who panic . he 's about to get maul until -- another cop pop around the corner ! blast the dog with a FIRE extinguisher , fill the air with a dense cloud of expellant , as -- eazy hop on a fence , hit the garage roof and jump in a neighbor 's yard . go . he life to slang another day ... fade to black . but the sound of chaos carry over , infiltrate the inky black : siren howling . people shout . helicopter buz . dog barking . a mad medley that continue into -- 4 int . verna' house - bedroom - compton - day 4 a pair of oversize headphone , wear by andre young . better know as ­- superimpose : andre young aka dr . dre eye close , lie on he bed , slight smile pursing he lip , he bob he head as -- we hear what he hear , treat to the beautiful mind of dre. the sound of chaos be evaporate , seemingly synthesize into the dope melody dre 's peacefully bob he head to ... we hear the multi-track of the song -- level go up and down base on dre 's subtle facial reaction to the various sound . he singles out individual element , and as he do , we hear they , highlight some sound , decrease other : bass , drum , piano , voice ... it 's pure instinct , pure joy . until -- 5 . bam -bam ! a fist on a lock door . the music stop as dre remove he headphone . we now see -- dre' room , populate with turn table -- one side spin the record he 's listen to -- dj station and a vast sea of lps ( sure there 's parliament , but also Duke ellington ) scattered around the room . a music junkie 's paradise . on the other bed , he brother tyree ( 17 ) chill as dre open the door to find -- verna what happen ? verna griffin , 36 , he mother , and she can smell bullshit a mile away . he flash he smooth , easy , magnetic dre-smile . dre what happen with what ? verna Andre , boy , do not play with I . do you even care how it make I look ? call in favor to get you thoughtless ass a interview ? and you can not even show up ? dre ( sigh , realize ) sorry , I just be so focus on this djing that I forget -- she frown , shake she head . verna you have a child , Andre . and spin record be not payin ' none of the bill around here right now . dre that be not even true , momma . I get pay -- he pull out a sad little wad of bill , wave it in she face . Quick as lightning , she snatch it away from he -- verna fifty dollar ? damn , you a billionaire ! -- throws it back at he chest . dre it 's a start -- 6 . verna Andre , you know the rule around here . in this house , you gonna work or go to school . I do not care if you gonna be a janitor -- dre -- long as I own the company . yeah , I know . dre fume , gather the bill off the floor , head for the kitchen -- verna but you do not own the company . lonzo do . -- but verna stay hot on he heel -- verna ( cont 'd ) oh , you think we be do here ? dre keep go , mutter under he breath -- she grab he shoulder , spin he around , strong . get in he face . verna ( cont 'd ) you get something ' to say to I !? dre ( explode ) you do not care what I be fight for . I already know what I wanna do with my life , and it definitely be not sittin in a cubicle takin ' order on some stupid ass job . verna 's eye flash -- whap ! she slap he in the face -- dre step back , put he hand to he cheek . verna 's reeling as much as he be . she try to compose herself . verna people use to tell I I be too young when I have you -- Said I would not be shit , say you would not be shit . now I be workin ' my ass off to get we here and I refuse to let you throw it all away . dre hold verna 's gaze a moment longer , then turn and calmly walk back past she , into he room . he pick up he headphone , pull - out car stereo . head for the door , open it ... 7. verna ( cont 'd ) ( regret ) Andre -- but he 's already close the door behind he . 5 int . / ext . verna' house - driveway - day 5 dre bound over to a batter blue &amp ; white datsun b- 210 park in the driveway , regret settling in . he look up to see tyree amble closer , carry a bundle of errantly - select clothes , a crate of record . tyree grab some of you stuff , man . dre good lookin ' out . dre take the clothes . toss they in the back . tyree when you comin ' back ? dre I do not know . gotta figure some thing out . tyree can I come with you ? dre you be fightin ' for you own room this whole time and now you wanna come with I ? they share a chuckle . then -- tyree you know she 's just want the best for you . dre I know , T. I want the best for I too -- that 's way I gotta go . him and dre have special brother - to- brother embrace . then dre hop into he car . dre ( cont 'd ) when I get set up right , I 'mma have you come with I . do not worry about it . it 's gonna be sooner then you think . 8. tyree sullenly nod . dre triggers the ignition , music blasting , and peel away -- dre ( cont 'd ) call you later . 6 int . / ext . dre' car - compton - minute later 6 dre roll along in that ugly - ass datsun . it 's still early , but the street be start to fill up . dude in doorway , on the corner , clocking he as he pass . a LA sheriff be dept . squad car slide past , disappear around a corner . we hear a helicopter SOUND , as we go wide -- 7 ext . los angele - way up in the sky - day 7 Flying high over the city , it 's quiet up here , only the sound of wind . below , we see the tight grid of south los angele , and the densely - pack traffic head north along the 110 freeway , as it angle toward the skyscraper of downtown l.a . we move NORTH and there 's dodger stadium plunke at the southern tip of elysian park , and the LA river twist snakelike up into griffith park -- and northwest past the mountain of griffith , descend into the valley , where we suddenly dive down into woodland hill and settle upon the low - sling sprawl of -- 8 int . / ext . yellow bus - taft high school - day 8 we track backward through a school bus full of student . almost exclusively black and latino kid . late 80 's fashion . all the way in the back row we settle on o'shea jackson , who we now know as -- superimpose : o'shea jackson aka ice cube raider cap pull low over a shoulder - length jheri curl . hunched over , wear a soon- to- be-iconic frown of concentration , he scribble lyric into a notebook : " bore as hell and I wanna get ill . so I went to the spot where my homeboy chill -- " the roar of a powerful sport car snap cube 's concentration . he gaze out the school bus window to see that -- in stark contrast to that on the bus , just beyond the glass be a sea of white student . they hang out , shoot the shit in they nice clothes , hop into they nice car . it 's a club that cube be not a part of and it 's clear that he can feel it . 9 . he frown , look back down at he notebook as the bus pull away from taft High ... 9 int . / ext . yellow bus - later 9 the bus cruise southbound on crenshaw . and compare to the Valley , it look like beirut out there : graffiti tag , liquor store everywhere , board - up shop , dude loitering , drink , slange . crip throw a rock and hit the bus . find cube sit halfway back , still do he thing , write rhyme , mind he own . near he , a few kide goof around , flash gang sign out the window at the pass car , pedestrian , not notice -- a10 int . / ext . truck - continuous a10 pull out of a side street onto crenshaw , we see two hard - look o.g. blood . as the bus pass , they clock the kide flash sign . they can not believe it . Driver grit he tooth . speed out after the bus -- 10 int . / ext . yellow bus - moment later 10 the bus roll to a stop . before any kide can get off -- the o.g. blood ' truck pull in front of the bus , block the road . passenger hop out . notice , the bus driver go to shut the door , but he 's too late -- o.g. blood get on , stride past the bus driver -- glock 9 mm in hand . bus driver hey what 's go on ? -- o.g. blood shut the fuck up , blood ! ( address the whole bus ) you young muthafuckas wanna die today ?! everyone on the bus fall silent . by the shocked expression on the kid ' face , they have no clue how or if they be gonna get out of this alive . o.g. blood ( cont 'd ) huh !? he make he way back to the wannabe kide near the expressionless cube . sense shit be about to jump off , cube slowly reach for the window next to he , start sliding it OPEN . he edge closer to the window , grab he notebook , fully prepare to jump the fuck out that window . 10 . o.g. blood ( cont 'd ) you little crab ass niggas could have get this whole bus shot the fuck up ! we see that bullshit you be throw up out the window ! hit I up now ! wannabe kid 1 do not mean nothin ' by it -- just play around . o.g. blood that 's yo muthafuckin problem , blood ! this shit be not nuthin ' to play wit ! it 's real in the field , nigga ! shit 's life and death ! I kill crip for breakfast , blood ! so keep yo ' mothafuckin hand down when you see I , understand ?! wannabe kid 1 yes . the o.g. blood look over he shoulder , scowl at all the terrify face stare back at he . o.g. blood what you little muthafuckas need to do be start gangbang they get damn book ! learn some shit better then what we do ! if not , I might be the one that kill yo ' dumb ass ! remember I ! this that crenshaw mafia , blood ! and with that , the o.g . blood tuck he gun , and calmly exit the bus -- leave behind the stunne kid . they truck pull away into traffic . cube grab he book , get up to exit the bus along with a few other , but not before glance over at the kid , who sit there sweat , shell - shocked . cube shake he head at the wannabe . no way he 's go out like that . 11 ext . south central - day 11 cube walk along the street , pee chee folder and notebook in hand , book under he arm as -- 11 . we be give tour of the sight and sound of South Central . the pervasive shudder of lapd chopper taunt overhead , dog barking , as a lapd squad car cruise menacingly past like a shark in festive water . up ahead , block dude loiter on a neighbor 's untend grass . block dude 1 aw shit , here come Doug E. Fresh ! block dude 2 Hell naw , that 's kurtis mothafuckin blow . only rapper with a jheri curl . ice cube fuck you niggas . I be about to go write a rap about yo ' drunk ass momma . that bitch look like the egyptian lover . they smile , give cube a pound as he pass . yell after he . block dude 1 why you never hang out no more ? block dude 2 I think it 's that Valley school . nigga too good for we . but cube just smile , look back at they -- cube Nah , I already know how to gangbang . I be just tryin ' to learn how to make some of this white people money . block dude 2 I feel you , cuz . I need some white people money too . ice cube well take yo ' ass to school sometimes . the dude laugh as cube continue on . keeps move . up ahead , he see dre 's datsun park across the street . no question where cube 's head . 12 . a12 int . jinx be house - evening a12 cube walk through the live room , where dre 's girlfriend , lavetta , be feed they baby tyra ( 2 ) -- cube where dre at ? she point to the back room . 12 int . jinx be house - jinx be room - night 12 jinx be room , dirty but very hip -hop . jinx , 17 , be digging through a crate of record , and offer they up to dre , who wave most of they away because -- dre' in the zone , do he thing on the turntable , mixing , scratching . and whatever it be sound dope . next -level shit . cube enter -- let the sonic acrobatics booming from dre 's turntable marinate on he a minute . cube what you mixin' ? dre , lose in the music , do not respond -- jinx hold up two album cover : the Ohio player ' funky worm and the headhunters ' GOD made I funky . do not make sense , yet -- cube ( cont 'd ) ( blow away ) Ohio player and the headhunters ..? ( to dre ) that 's the shit ! jinx crazy , right ! dre finally notice cube 's in front of he -- dre wuddup , cube ! get they rhyme ? cube you know it . cube flash the sheet of lyric from school at dre , notice the trash bag full of clothes on the floor . cube ( cont 'd ) stayin ' a while ? jinx yup . his momma kick he out for that mouth . 13 . cube man that mouth always gettin ' you in trouble . we get that in common . dre think you ready for doo - to 's ? cube damn straight . dre ` Cause you know that 's compton , right ? they get bodybag at the door . cube ai not worried about all that . I 'mma come with it . dre yeah , you better , `cause if you shit be not tight , you might end up in one . laugh all around as we -- 13 ext . jinx be house - night 13 a chevy caprice cop car , light - bar strobing , have pull aggressively onto the curb , all four door open . crash officer roughly frisk the block dude , as -- School shit in hand , cube walk past , inconspicuous as possible . can not help but glance at the scene -- crash cop 1 the fuck you lookin ' at ? cube nothin ' . just goin ' home -- crash cop 1 get over here ! now ! hesitant , cube comply . use to get jack by the police , he assume the same position the other block dude be in : hand on the hood , leg back . one of the other crash cop pull out he walkie -- crash cop 2 ( into walkie - talkie ) requesting backup on Van wick Street . gang related -- 14 . cube how you figure we in a gang ? ` Cause we black ? bam ! crash cop 1 shove cube against the car , kick he leg apart , a hand on the back of he head . cube 's notebooks hit the pavement -- get trample . cube ( cont 'd ) yo watch my notebook ! crash cop 1 where the rock at , cuz ? block dude 1 ai not no rock ! y'all muthafuckas just fishin ' ! wham ! crash cop 2 slam block dude 1 . force he to interlock he finger behind he head -- cube Officer , can you please explain why you jackin ' we ? crash cop 2 we do not have to explain shit ! block dude 1 howl in pain as crash cop 2 viciously squeezy he interlocked knuckle . crash cop 1 shoot a look to uniform cop 2 : settle down , dude ! two more squad car screech onto the scene . four uniformed police climb out , to make a even bigger deal out of nothing . cube 's dad , hosie , appear up on the porch , piss . hosie jackson hey ! what the hell 's goin ' on out here ? that boy all live on this block ! the cop ignore he as cube 's mother , doris , appear beside hosie , shocked to see she son get assault -- doris jackson ( be : cube ) Officer , that 's my son ! uniform cop 2 get back inside , mar 'am ! but she start come down the step toward the cop -- he unsnap he holster , hand grasp he pistol . 15 . doris jackson I just wanna know what 's go on -- the cop jam a finger inch away from doris ' face ! uniform cop 2 get the fuck back inside , Lady , or I promise I will ruin you night ! doris ' mouth drop open . the disrespect be incredible . ice cube you be not gotta talk to my mom like that , man ! uniform cop 1 lean down , whisper to cube -- uniform cop 1 you think we give a fuck ? this lapd , boy ! crash unit ! we the only gangstas around here ! wide shot : cube , he parent , and the block dude helpless , hold hostage in they own neighborhood . after every pocket be turn out , body pat down and rights violate -- uniform cop 2 all right , they check out . we get card on all of `em already . ( to cube and Co. ) stay out of trouble . the cop pile back into they car leave behind the stunne neighborhood . cube grab he notebooks , clean they off as -- a chopper above deafen all SOUND in a primordial roar . 14 omitted 14 a15 int . doo - to' club - entryway - moment later a15 muffled music seep into the area as security guard thoroughly search everyone . one of they stare eazy down . security guard you really wanna be here ? this club be full of pirus . ren we straight . eazy laugh , do not give a fuck . 16 . eazy thanks for the tip , homie . the Security Guard frown as he allow they into -- 15 the MAIN floor 15 music pumping , we follow eazy and ren into the club , which be packed , people party they ass off . everyone 's here : regular folk , blood , skinny girl , big girl , dealer , athlete . a true hood cross-section . as we move through the place , we see cube , jinx and tyree stand near the wall : jinx and tyree be busy clocking the girl , but cube be study a rip - out page of lyric . on stage , wear purple satin jacket with world CLASS wreckin cru on the back , dre spin some ` 80s r&amp ; B while he boy , yella , lean down , holler at a girl in the crowd . dre spot someone move through the mass of people -- dre yo , yella , man -- lonzo comin ' ! yella quickly move to the record crate , start sifting through they to look like he 's busy as -- lonzo william , club promoter and dre 's boss approach . he lean over to dre : lonzo gonna make sure nothin 's poppin ' off outside . keep they fat ass shakin ' . none of that rap bullshit , you hear ? I want people thinkin' `bout pussy not pistol . ( then ) and yella , I see you talkin to my lady . keep you fuckin hand to yourself . lonzo shoot yella a look , then disappear from the stage . dre why you fuckin with that nigga 's girl , man ? yella why not ? dre chuckle , immediately search the crowd , lock eye with cube . dre give he a nod , and cube take a breath , head toward the stage -- moment of truth . 17 . in the back , eazy and ren be surround by lady . but eazy 's attention be clearly -- on stage . cube appear next to dre , who 's cuing up a new record . he stop the music , grab the mic : dre compton ! I get my homie -- he 's about to get he rhyme on for y'all ! give it up for Ice muthafuckin ' cube ! dre hand the mic to cube as the crowd eyeball he with suspicion and restraint . they be clearly not gonna give he respect till he earn it . cube steel himself , clenches he jaw , puff out he chest . and time turn eternal before -- dre drop the needle on Steve arrington 's funked - out weak at the knee ( hardcore nwa fan will recognize this track as the original sample for gangsta gangsta ) . cube start rapping , he voice powerful , thick with attitude : ice cube here 's a little something ' about a nigga like I . never shoulda be let out the penitentiary . Ice cube would like to say , that I be a crazy muthafucka from around the way . since I be a youth , I smoke weed out , now I be the muthafucka that ya read about . takin a life or two , that 's what the hell I do . do not like how I be livin ' , well fuck you ! after only a few line , the crowd 's cheering . hollering . Dancing . a infectious vibe . and we drift back to eazy , stand with ren , feel the fuck out of this music , pensive look on he face . something crystallize as we -- 16 int . doo - to' club - later 16 yella spin a number for the crowd , who seem less energize now that cube 's off stage . to the side , lonzo chew out dre -- lonzo I be this close to firin ' you monkey ass ! you tryin ' to start a riot up in here ?! you know I do not want that hardcore shit play in my club , but I turn my back and you do that shit anyway ..? 18. dre I be just tryin ' to keep you in business . open you eye . they go crazy to that shit -- lonzo you be up on that stage `cause I put you there . you be a bad ass dj , I will give you that , but you do not listen and I be gettin ' real tired of argue all the time . you know it 's plenty dj out there who will play what I want `em to play . guy that do not bite the hand that feed them . now you take a backseat to that shit . he glare at dre before take leave . dre watch he go , body coiled tight . jaw clench . yella do not trip off he , homie . dre man , lonzo be not get no vision . dre nod , yeah - yeah , but he eye have land on eazy across the room -- dre ( cont 'd ) oh shit -- check out this nigga . yo , take over for a minute . yella nod , command the deck . watch as dre head to -- a17 the back of the club a17 eazy 's kick it with ren , talk up several girl . but when eazy see dre approach , he smoothly shoos they away . eazy Dr. dre , how you be doin ' ? dre what up , e? be a minute . eazy you know . out here on the grind -- Nice jacket . dre look down at the purple satin . dre it 's the uniform . I make it work . 19 . eazy you remember ren from Kelly Park , right ? ren and dre give each other a respectful nod . ren wuddup , dre. eazy Heard you be spendin ' a lot of time at you auntie 's house . how 's the couch life ? dre it 's fuck up . I be too tall for that shit . plus I get my woman and baby livin ' there . it 's hard . but everybody can not do what you do . eazy yeah , but what I do be playin ' out , fast . muthafuckas be gettin ' lock up and laid down out here leave and right . time to make a few change . dre yeah . Change be not bad . shit , I be tryin ' to make a few change my self . eazy what you mean ? dre pause , consider how to proceed ... dre man , you should think about dumpin ' some money into this music shit . I get some idea -- yella ( on the mic ) yo ! dre turn to find yella up on stage in the dj booth , mouth " lonzo , " as he point into the crowd . dre follow yella 's finger , spot lonzo slowly move through , greeting people as he go . dre shit I gotta get back up there . let 's talk about this later . think about it ... 20 . eazy just smile , nod , as dre head off ... 17 ext . doo - to' club - late at night 17 dre exit the club , usual crate of record in hand -- tyree ( o.s. ) do I know you !? dude ( o.s. ) what !? dre turn to find -- tyree , all up in the face of some dude . tyree nigga , you hear I ! tyree shove the dude -- dre 's eye light up ! that 's my brother ! he drop he crate of record , bumrush the dude and cold - cock he . the dude just drop , daze . dre turn to tyree , adrenaline pump . dre what he do !? tyree muthafucka over here lookin ' at I like he know I ! dre can not believe it -- that 's it ? dre tyree , you gotta stop doin ' this shit , man ! the down dude slowly get onto he knee , stumble to he foot just as -- whoop ! whoop ! a L.A. sheriff 's dept. squad car roll into the lot , light on dre , tyree and the dude . in a hurry , the two officer be out of the car , approach the guy -- officer 1 we tell everybody to clear this parking lot ! what 's go on !? dre we get this , Officer -- 21 . officer 1 I do not ask you what you get ! get the fuck home ! dre I be home . Officer 1 get right in dre 's face , nose to nose . officer 1 if you do not start walk -- but dre just stand he ground , head cocked to the side , defy the Officer . in a flash -- bam ! dre find he face plant into the hood of the squad car ! cuff slap on ! same for tyree and the dude as we -- 18 ext . compton police station - early morning 18 dre emerge from the Police Station , police property bag in hand , to find eazy wait for he beside a fresh ` 63 impala lowrider . eazy they get you for carry record ? that 's some gangsta shit , dre. dre smile , chuckle -- he 's clearly beyond exhaust . dre cop will throw a nigga in jail for anything . at eazy 's car , dre and eazy pound hug . eazy lonzo just leave you here , huh ? dre guess he 's sick of bail my ass out . dre kneel down on the pavement , take he shoelace from the police property bag and casually start lace he sneaker . but eazy clock a couple police officer eyeball he and dre. clearly , he 's not comfortable here . hop into the car . eazy mind gettin ' you funny lookin ' ass in the car before they arrest you for some other dumb shit ? 22. eazy gesture like , we in front of the police station ! dre realize . my bad . hop in . keeps lace he sneaker ... eazy ( cont 'd ) man , I be thinkin ' about what you say last night . dre yeah , and ..? eazy it 's interestin ' -- dre interestin ' ? tell I this , how long you think that shit you doin ' gonna last , huh ? you ever hear of a happy end in that game ? eazy shit , man , this all comin ' from the nigga I just bail out . dre listen , if you can slang dope , you can slang record . you get a mind for this shit , E. eazy okay so what then -- that nigga last night ? be that what we doin' ? dre what , cube ? Nah , he in a group right now , get some other business goin ' on . but I get this group call h.b.o. from the east coast . dope voice , and cube write a song for `em that 's crazy . eazy consider for a long moment as we -- 19 int . lonio' studio - day 19 dre sit in front of a huge mixing board , adjust the level on a hard - drive beat . a small crew of kangol - wear rappers ( home boy only , aka HBO ) be gather around , read page we recognize as cube's lyric with befuddle expression . HBO 1 what the fuck be " gankin " ? and what 's a " 6 - 4 " ? 23. cube ( o.s. ) it 's a car . a `64 impala . everyone turn to look at cube , off to the side , annoyed . cube ( cont 'd ) gankin 's when somebody jack you . ai not a big deal . just sound better that way . another HBO dude chime in -- HBO 2 I dunno , too much cussin ' to get radio play . and honestly , nobody give a fuck about compton -- dre interrupt from the board , no back down in he . dre y'all get something ' to say about compton ? Cause we might have a problem up in this bitch . nobody say a thing . deafen silence . then : dre ( cont 'd ) then do the lyric . we losin ' time and I be losin ' patience . the vibe be tense , unpleasant . finally : HBO 1 this be not we . I be not fuckin ' with this jheri curl bullshit -- cube fuck you then . wearing a kangol do not make you l.l. cool J nigga , remember that . HBO 1 crumple the lyric sheet into a ball . HBO 2 yeah . now what ? cube what you wanna do , mark ass nigga ? cube and the HBO dude square up , swell and huffing -- without hesitation , eazy get up , stand beside cube . dre whip off he headphone and flank cube from the other side . this dude have each other 's back , ready to throw down . 24 . the HBO clown start exite , talk shit . eazy wander back over to the couch , plop down , sigh : eazy well there go the talent . do not know a whole lot about the music game , but we can not start a label without talent . the three of they chuckle . eazy sigh , shake he head . eazy ( cont 'd ) okay , I put up my money -- I hold up my side of the deal , dre . when you gonna deliver you side ? dre well shit , why do not you get on the mic and try it ? eazy what ? fool , I be not no rapper . off eazy 's unsure look -- dre you already spend the money . do not you get it ? man , this song be all about you ! this song be about eazy-muthafuckin' - E ! now get in the booth . let I deliver my side of this shit . 20 int . lonio' studio - later 20 on eazy , self - conscious in the booth , light beam on he . dre get up from the board , dim the light way down low -- eazy fuck you doin ' ? dre just lemme produce . get comfortable , man . eazy take a breath , huddle over the mic . he put he locs sunglass on , pull he baseball cap low -- so low you can barely see he ( which be exactly the point ) . dre sit behind the board with cube . start up the beat and cue eazy -- 25 . eazy ( dry , flat ) cruisin ' down the street in my 6 - 4 - - cube wince . dre stop the track . dre hit that first beat hard . cruise - in down the street . cruise - in. when eazy try it again , it almost sound worse -- eazy cruisin ' down the street in my 6 - 4 - - cube that be not it ... eazy get that dry - ass jheri curl outta here , maybe I can concentrate . cube you kickin ' I out ? dre look at cube . nod . go. cube ( cont 'd ) aiight . I be just sayin ' ... cube exit . then -- dre just gimme the word . eazy nigga what ? dre say that shit with I -- cruise - in - - eazy ( animated ) dre , you know this shit be hopeless , right ? dre that ! see how you just say that shit ? like you believe it ! 26 . eazy ` Cause I do . dre so say this shit like you believe it . like it 's muthafuckin' Sunday and you cruisin ' down the street in that dope-ass 6 - 4 . feel that shit , like its ya own word . the frustration on eazy 's face be apparent . eazy you really gonna make I do this , huh ? yup . eazy frown . take a moment to compose himself ... eazy ( cont 'd ) aiight , fuck it . let 's do this . dre start the track again -- only this time , he doe so one . component . at a time . build the song as if from scratch . eazy vibe with it . can not fuckin ' help it . shit be dope . finally , once the beat be fully realized , dre cue he -- eazy ( cont 'd ) cruisin ' down the street in my 6 - 4 . dre grin . much better . stop the track . dre Hell yeah ! that shit be tight . only 59 more line , E . but we gonna get through it . hit that next line - - eazy groan , pull he hat even lower , as we -- 21 int . lonio' studio - many hour later 21 there 's a sense of ceremony here . cube , eazy , yella , ren , jinx , doc and few girl wait with palpable anticipation as -- dre push play on the freshly complete track . it start thumping from the speaker : it 's boyz N tha hood . pride and a sense of purpose swell in each and every one of they as lonzo pop in . listen , skeptical . the song stop and no one say a word . they know this be something special . finally : 27 . yella lonzo , what you think ? lonzo that some waste of time shit right there and trust I , it be not gonna work . wo not get no radio play . dre you never know -- we might do a radio version and take it up to kday and see what happen . lonzo this reality rap be never go to work , dre . you need to hurry up and rap this shit up and finish that slow jam I have you work on . I be serious , dre ! hurry up with this ... dre yo , I do not know about work on this slow stuff anymore . after this I be go to work on song with doc . reveal doc in the background . lonzo it 's not a request , dre . lonzo scowl at dre , exit in a huff . yella go to dre , eye wide with excitement -- dre yo , if lonzo do not like it , you know that shit be dope . they pound . everyone laugh . Truth . ren damn , dre -- you just turn a hustler into a rapper . eazy now this right here ..? this some ruthless shit for real . dre , you a muthafuckin ' genius . and cube , you get more of they storey to tell ? 28 . cube homie , I get rhyme for day . but I get to hear this one more gen ... dre , hit that shit . laughter as dre cue it up , the song resuming , as we -- 22 int . macola record - los angele - day 22 boyz in tha hood be playing over -- a stack of vinyl record move through a PRESS . a machine stamp a red label onto the middle . close on the red ruthless label -- boyz N tha hood . in the receiving area , eazy pick up a couple box of record . he pay for they , and haul they away . 23 int . record store - central ave - compton - day 23 boyz keep on thumping -- dre and tyree stand at the counter of a record store , with a BOX of record . the clerk take about six record -- 24 ext . run - down house - compton - day 24 boyz continue over -- eazy emerge from a run - down house , jog across the street to he bucket , climb inside , open he stash spot , stuff a large wad of cash inside . a hustler be always hustlin -- 25 ext . back yard house party - south central - day 25 some local teenager be party , drink and listen to boyz N the hood wax . and that shit have the party bumpin' . a sense that this song be go viral , in a contagious , pre - internet sort of way -- 26 ext . roadium swap meet - los angele - day 26 boyz continue as eazy bring two box of record to a swap meet booth operate by steve yano . yano excitedly collect the two box , hand over some cash . deal do . before eazy can even bounce , some kide bumrush yano for copy -- 27 int . k-day radio station - los angele - day 27 boyz slowly fade , iconic kday disc jockey greg mack spin the track over the airwave of Los Angeles . he grin , bob he head , digging this shit for real . 29 . greg mack 1580 kday , this be greg mack -- mack attack . that be " boyz n tha Hood " by eazy-e , local rapper out of compton . sound like he 's about 15 year old -- he glance over to the telephone switchboard , which suddenly light up like crazy , with dozen of caller . greg mack ( cont 'd ) -- I know you like it . it 's be the most request record on this station ever since I play it . the freshest song of 1986 -- 28 int . macola record - receiving area - day 28 eazy pay for another couple box of record . grab they -- jerry heller ( o.s. ) I hear you record . eazy turn to find -- jerry heller , a middle - age guy in a velvet track suit . his face be craggy , seasoned , wise . he 's get terrible posture , but lively , hyper - alert eye . he extend he hand to eazy . jerry Jerry heller . eazy Eric wright . jerry pleasure to meet you . would it be possible to have a word with you , Eric ? eazy about what ? 29 int . macola record - office - moment later 29 Jerry at he desk , eazy on the ratty couch . eazy let he eye wander around the shabby office . the sad furniture , the old and irrelevant poster on the wall . jerry I think you record be good . 30 . eazy just good ? why you call I in here then -- eazy get up and head for the door -- jerry no - no - no , hang on . ( beat ) I think it be exceptional . please , sit back down . eazy indulge Jerry . sit back down and stare , cold , unreadable . Jerry rub he eye , frustrated , he regular spiel be not have its usual effect . jerry ( cont 'd ) let 's try this again . as a music manager , let I tell you what I can do for you , Eric -- eazy maybe I be the one who can do something ' for you . jerry you think because I do not have some flashy office , that mean I do not know what I be talk about ? elton John , War , styx , reo speedwagon -- eazy you manage anybody this decade ? Jerry lean on he elbow on the desk , cock he head at eazy . the ball on this kid . jerry let I tell you what I see . lotta raw talent . lotta braggadoccio . but if you think anyone 's gonna talk to you , if you think anyone 's gonna let you into the building where you might talk to somebody -- somebody who matter -- you be crazy . eazy frown , look away -- jerry ( cont 'd ) that 's what I do for you . I will make you legit . I will take you into that building . I will protect you . I will block out all the noise of this business and we can build something big . ( more ) 31 . jerry ( cont 'd ) but you be gonna have to believe in I like I believe in you . if you do not think you can do that ... eazy do not budge . satisfied , Jerry continue -- jerry ( cont 'd ) you get more music for I ? eazy I get everything you need . jerry good , cause you be gonna have to follow this up . so what do n.w.a. stand for anyway ? ( with a smile ) no whites allow ? eazy look at Jerry . cold as ice . eazy " niggas with Attitudes . " the smile be wipe off Jerry 's face immediately . 30 ext . skateland rink - compton - night 30 200 or so people line up outside , wait to get in . nwa poster be staple to wall in testament to guerilla marketing . notice the profusion of people present as -- eazy and ren pull into the lot , exit the car and head inside , intoxicate by the sea of people . 31 int . skateland rink - makeshift dressing room - night 31 eazy address the guy , all business . eazy I ask everybody to wear something black today , `cause if we gonna be a all - Star group , we gotta look like a all - Star group . we pull back to reveal the guy -- cube , dre and ren -- gather around eazy . a whole crew be there with they , too , include doc , tyree and jinx . and everybody 's dress in some type of black L.A. raider gear , except yella who approach from the side wear a old school purple &amp ; gold L.A. king jersey . eazy ( cont 'd ) damn yella ! what happen ? 32 . yella man , kiss my ass , I be not get no raider gear . -- be we gettin ' pay to wear that shit ? eazy hit he in the face with a black t-shirt . eazy put this on . as yella start to change shirt , Jerry heller come around the corner talk to the promoter , nothing hip - hop about he at all . cube aww damn -- here come the White shadow . ( no smile ) ren Nah , Mr. furley from " Three 's company . " eazy ( irritate ) man , shut the fuck up ? this dude know the game inside out . he be out there shopping we shit around . gonna find distribution for ruthless , get we on tour and bring a whole lot of money to the table . dre and then what -- how he get pay ? eazy just take 20 :: percent : : off the top . that 's it . we cut up 80 . that 's how manager work . doc ( drink in hand ) all manager do not get 20 mothafuckin ' percent ! eazy Doc , shut yo drunk ass up . you do not know the music business . doc take another sip . Jerry join the group . 33. jerry heller hey fella , sorry I be run late . I will be honest . we have have a lot of pass . people be scared of you guy big time . they think you be dangerous . but I think that 's a good thing . and we have have a couple nibble , from a couple label . Epic , Capitol , priority ... ren " nibbles " ..? what 's that mean ? Jerry pause a beat , find the best response . jerry heller here 's the thing . you guy can make a real record . sell it nationwide . but we be not there yet . this label , they be still gonna need some ... convincing . so I invite a few of they to you show . so you have to kick ass tonight . can you do that ? the guy stare back at Jerry , with the fire in they eye . goddamn right they can do it -- " Hell yeah ! " jerry heller ( cont 'd ) let I go and make sure they be all here . Jerry peel away and go inside . cube look at eazy . cube and you trust this dude ? Cause he look like a one of my old muthafuckin ' history teacher . eazy cock he head at cube . eazy you trust I ? cube yeah , I trust you . but that be not what we talk about -- eazy just leave it up to I . I will make sure everything be straight . just have they rap cocked and load . dre throw he arm around eazy , put a stop to it -- 34 . dre come on now . cube have never fail to deliver . he always come correct , ready to work . that be not gonna change . aiight ? cube and eazy soften , smile at each other , it 's all good . yella can this muthafucka Jerry heller bring in more pussy ? that 's worth 20 percent ! everyone laugh as we -- 32 int . skateland rink - MAIN floor - continuous 32 we see the packed Mass of the crowd , cramme together , hand in the air , scream , even though nothing 's happen yet . the stage be pitch black as we see the silhouettes of nwa member man they battle station . more scream and anticipation from the crowd . at the back of the room , we see jerry heller beside three nervous- look record execs . one of they -- bryan turner -- glance around warily at the inner-city crowd . bryan turner you sure this be ... safe for we ..? jerry try not to look so scared , bryan . they smell it on ya , you be finish . Turner freeze and he eye go wide -- Jerry laugh . jerry ( cont 'd ) relax . you be in for a real treat ! just then , the stage light come on , and nwa be on stage , spread out in formation , in they black raider gear . dre and yella man four turntables and 2 mixer -- cube yo dre , kick in the bass ! the bass -heavy assault of dopeman kick in . the crowd go apeshit . jumping up and down . crushed against each other -- on stage , cube stalk to the edge , let loose -- 35 . cube ( cont 'd ) it be once say by a man who could not quit -- and and crowd scream back , because they know every lyric ! the crowd dope man please can I have another hit ??? cube the dopeman say cluck I do not give a shit , if you girl kneel down -- the crowd and suck my dick !!! with each other , like , oh my God , this be sick ! in the crowd , we find jerry and the record execs . one of the execs look disgust , walk out . Jerry watch he go ... jerry so what do ya think ? record exec Jerry , we be friend , but compton ? ( laugh ) I do not think so . queen ..? maybe . but . if you find another bon jovi , you call I . the exec brushes past Jerry and walk out . Jerry turn and see that bryan turner be the only exec still there . and he 's watching with wide eye , overwhelm while -- up on stage , eazy tear into he verse -- eazy yeah high - rollin ' , big money I be foldin , bitch on my tip for the dick I be holdin' . strung strawberry , jockin ' I so early . Ho you want a hit -- crowd you gotta get you knee dirty !!! in the back of the club , from a corner , a big man be watch , mind go , this be suge knight . 36 . 33 int . skateland rink - later 33 the last raucous party - goer exit , leave behind some cleaning crew and our guy , still riding the high of perform . doc damn dre , ya will wreck this mothafucka tonight ! dre I know . stage be shaking so much -- think my needle be about to jump off the record ! cube I be still trippin ' that they know all the word ! that 's crazy ... ren compton be definitely on the map my nigga ! yella do you see all the freak that be out there ? Lord , thank God for biker short ! everybody shoot yella a look . cube we talkin ' about the power of n.w.a. and all you see tonight be pussy ? yella man , pussy be power . they chuckle at yella in disbelief as suge knight approach . suge ( surprisingly friendly ) man , I have a feelin ' y'all be gonna represent tonight . good shit . eazy wuddup , suge -- what you be up to , homie ? still out in Vegas ? suge back and forth . do some bodyguard work among other thing . if ya will need my service , just let I know . 37 . eazy aight . but we do not need no body guard . suge you never know what you need until you need it . somewhat of a uncomfortable pause of dead air . jerry round the corner , sweat through he misshapen suit , along with bryan turner . suge ( cont 'd ) I just come back here to give ya will you prop . I get my people out here wait on I . but I will be around . suge exit ... as doc clock he flavor -- we attend go to Jerry and bryan . jerry that be quite a show , gentleman . Nice job . very , very nice . they all keep staring at he , wait . Jerry grin , enjoy stretch out this moment . jerry ( cont 'd ) this be eazy E and nwa . guy , this be bryan Turner . cube ( brazenly ) Ice cube , ` sup ? jerry uh , bryan run priority record . he want to sign you . bryan turner immediately . fellas , I love the show . you really have the crowd on they foot . I think you will fit perfectly with we label . dre that will work . priority record ? I be not familiar with you label . what artist do you get over there ? bryan look at Jerry , who fold he arm , chin on he chest . 38 . bryan turner nothing big . just a r&amp ; B group . ren who that ? bryan hesitates , almost ashamed to say -- bryan turner uh -- the California raisin . everyone in nwa grimace -- cube they little - ass raisin on the commercial ? singin ' , " I Heard it through the grapevine " ? yep . they all laugh in bryan 's face . he smile too . bryan turner laugh all you want . that little fucker go gold last year . the laugh stop -- this get they attention and respect . eazy gold ? jerry yep , almost platinum . bryan have a great distribution platform . this be the perfect time for Jerry heller to seal the deal . bryan turner so what do ya say ? wanna go make a record ? it take a second for it to sink in . but they be as ready as they ever could be . Jerry watch , pleased as punch -- 34 ext . audio achievement - torrance - establishing - day 34 Cars zip past as we move inside -- a35 int . audio achievement studio - day a35 dre run he finger on the knob and level of the mixing board . there 's nowhere that he feel more at home . eazy , cube , ren , yella and Jerry be gather in the studio . dre inspire : 39 . dre aiight ! if you rhyme be not tight , you be not makin ' the record . so you better have you shit together . yella Boy -- Rewind that shit ! yella rewind the tape . cube and eazy look at each other as the speech hit home as ... we begin a medley of in - progress and iconic song . b35 int . audio achievement - booth b35 cube in the studio write express yourself . dre be on the mic do express yourself . yella be at board as everyone watch dre. dre I be expressin ' with my full capability , and now I be livin ' in correctional facility ... c35 note : in between this sequence , we cut back to catch glimpse c35 of dre in the studio creating -- fuck tha police , start with the bone and building : first the drum machine ... then the scratch ... the bass ... a on and on . we will see dre building this track throughout the sequence . in the back , cube , ren and doc on the couch write . d35 in the booth - later d35 cube write than spit the lyric to a bitch iz a bitch . at the board , dre howl with excitement , adjust the level , then cut the beat . beside he , eazy and yella be all smile . e35 in the booth , ren spit fire on the final bar of parental e35 discretion iz advise -- f35 -- eazy spitting straight outta compton as -- f35 35 int . audio achievement studio - day 35 dre 's at the soundboard , chopping up the beast from what will become " fuck tha Police " . cube , ren , doc and jinx be listen while write and eat fast food . dre now this be what I be talkin ' about . you hear the difference ? 40 . yella yeah , no doubt . Jerry and eazy be discuss business . jerry we deal with priority be do . I have the contract for you to sign . cube take notice of Jerry and eazy , look up from another beat - up notebook . jerry ( cont 'd ) ( to dre ) if this music keep sounding like this . this album be go to be amazing . dre thanks , Jerry . jerry the lyric you be write be really good , cube . cube I appreciate that , man . ( to eazy ) eazy what 's up with we deal . eazy Jerry handle that . cube look at Jerry . jerry the lawyer just start draw they up . before cube can respond , tyree enter the room as Jerry exit the room . tyree pull dre aside . tyree yo dre , there 's something outside you need to take care of . trust I . concerned , dre heed tyree 's advice and exit . 41 . 36 ext . audio achievement studio - continuous 36 park along the curb , dre 's girl lavetta sit in what we think be dre 's datsun . it 's fill to the brim with clothes and baby gear , hatchback tie down with bungee chord . dre lean down to she window -- dre so let I get this straight -- you gonna do this right here , right now ? lavetta what be I suppose to do ? we be sleepin ' on a twin bed , at you auntie 's house . we have a baby , Andre . you expect I to wait for what you be doin ' in there ? and you in the street , fuckin ' around ? be you crazy ? dre do not notice a torrance p.d. cruiser drift past ... dre what ? I be out here day and night bustin ' my ass , tryin ' to create something , and you gonna come up in here talkin ' about some bitch ? be you crazy ? lavetta you do not get it . dre Nah , you do not get it . lavetta bye , Andre . lavetta put the car in gear , peel away just as the whole gang come out , have catch the tail end of the argument . yella you cool ? dre fuck no . I be far from cool . tyree what happen , dre ? what she say ? cube aww shit , here we go again ... 42 . the torrance p.d. cruiser pull up fast , two cop pop out . one black the other white . weapon draw . torrance cop 1 ( black ) everybody down on the ground now ! the guy be confuse . food in hand . ren what we do ?! this cop be not play and they do not want to be question . torrance cop 2 ( white ) ( shove ren to the ground ) get you fuckin ass on the ground before I shoot you ! that 's what you do ! after peeping out the cop overly aggressive posture . the guy start to comply . mexican food hit the ground first then all the guy go face down -- spread eagle . dre why you get on the ground like this , officer ? torrance cop 1 for we protection . it 's 6 of you , only two of we . so just sit there and shut up . ( to he partner ) call for back up . torrance cop 2 start to call it in . torrance cop 1 start to roughly frisk the guy . torrance cop 1 ( cont 'd ) this be torrance . you niggas suppose to be somewhere ? eazy yeah . here . we workin' . torrance cop 1 work ? yeah , I bet . dre what we do ? 43. torrance cop 2 we will find out what you do in a minute . within second , the cop have dre leg spread , frisk he roughly , hyper -extend he arm -- dre what the fuck -- torrance cop 1 shut you hole ! the whole group be get frisk one by one . until Jerry heller come to the rescue . jerry Excuse I officer , what 's go on out here ?! torrance cop 1 step back sir ! just make sure this thug be clean ! Jerry keep come . jerry this be not thug , they be artist ! as Jerry get into the officer face , we see the contrast of the black guy face down on the ground with the cop and Jerry 's shoe stand over they talk . torrance cop 1 artist ? what kind of artist ? jerry they be rapper work in the studio right here . torrance cop 2 rapper ? Rap be not art . it 's jungle music . and who be you suppose to be ? jerry I be the manager . torrance cop 1 well you be waste you time , Mr. manager , `cause you rapper look like typical gang banger to I . 44 . as the insult continue -- we linger on cube , consume he incendiary eye , he flare nostril . he 's just about have enough of this shit . torrance cop 2 why do not you spend you time manage real music like lynyrd skynyrd ! torrance cop 1 or con - funk - shun ! Real instrument . Real music ! not this bullshit rap ! torrance cop 2 fuckin ' fad . torrance cop 1 ( laugh ) tell I about it . 37 int . audio achievement studio - empty office - later 37 dimly light , cube sit hunkere over a desk , write furiously in he notebook . as if he 's possess . he slap a page aside , scribbling on the back . we catch glimpse of iconic word on the page -- got it bad cause i'm brown .... searchin ' my car , lookin ' for the product .... thinkin ' every nigga be sellin ' narcotics . 38 int . audio achievement studio - continuous 38 dre be at the mixing board work on the instruental track for fuck tha police . the instrumental be play without any lyric or the hook on it . cube ( o.s. ) yo ! cube enter the studio -- hand the open notebook over to eazy , who scan it , hand it over to dre for a look . eazy ( sly smile ) this gonna start some shit , cube . cube ( a grunt ) yeah , fuck the police . dre smile as we cut to -- dre be scratch in the iconic hook . fuck tha police -- fuck , fuck , fuck tha police . he continue to scratch ... 45 . 38pt2 Ice cube on the mic spitting the venomous lyric of fuck tha 38pt2 Police . 40 ext . ruthless record - los angele - establishing - day 40 straight outta compton continue over -- eazy and jerry walk into the new ruthless office ... 41 ext . crenshaw blvd - night 41 a lowrider cruise the pack boulevard , straight outta compton scream out the window as it pass by -- a hooptie that 's get express yourself on blast . and we quickly realize that -- the entire album' floating on the AIR , different track thumping from different car floss on the ` Shaw . literally , every car . low-rider bounce they hydraulics in approval . pedestrian holler at the rider and rider holler back . it 's like the entire hood be party . and in the thick of it all -- eazy , dre , and cube creep down crenshaw in eazy 's ` 64 impala , ren and yella just behind they in yella 's porche . they can not believe they eye , they hood now worshipp they music . some full circle shit ... 42 int . ruthless record - jerry's office - continuous 42 straight outta compton fade out as -- close on the album cover to straight outta compton as it 's sly across the desk to ... the whole gang . they pass around the record , in awe , as if it be the Holy grail . jerry this be only the tip of the iceberg , fella . the day of sell record out of you trunk be a thing of the past , Eric . eazy my day of sell anything out the trunk be over . 43 ext . leimert park - los angele - day 43 all the group member say goodbye to they family , friend . jerry 's there , too , along with bryan Turner . 46 . bryan turner so , be you go out with they ? jerry be you crazy ? have a enough of that shit in the 70' . I will fly out a couple of time and check on them . bryan turner well make sure everything go smooth , okay ? I have enough bad press with tipper Gore and p.m.r.c. on my ass . I be gonna have to put parental Advisory sticker on all the record from now on -- jerry heller what 's wrong with that ? bryan , controversy 's good -- it 's gonna help we sell more record . but Jerry 's distract by eazy carry a big duffel bag . jerry Excuse I . Jerry sidle up to eazy , who be carry a big , heavy , clatter duffel . jerry ( cont 'd ) what ya get in there , Mr. wright ? Eric grin , set down the duffel -- clunk -- and unzip it . Jerry 's eye bug . the duffel be full of gun , big and small , a kevlar vest , a hockey mask . all thing trouble . jerry ( cont 'd ) have you lose you mind ? you be not take that on the bus . eazy yeah we be . how we suppose to protect ourselves out there , Jerry ? in fuckin' Texas ? and Tennessee ? they lynch niggas down there -- jerry I be not gonna let you take that arsenal on tour , Eric ! eazy square off , cross he arm . 47 . eazy let I ? Jerry , you take care of the business , I will take care of the rest . a44 ext . houston arena - houston - night a44 out front of the arena , a mass of protestor have accumulate a large pile of nwa record as -- superimpose : houston , TX b44 on the bus b44 the guy watch on as a man drive a steamroller right over the record , crush they to piece ! the protestor cheer ! cube ai not that some shit ... talk some truth and people lose they mind . eazy they have to buy all that album to do that ! more money in we pocket . 44 ext . houston arena - backstage parking - houston - night 44 the tour bus pull up inside the security area behind the venue . Houston p.d. , police horse , fan and protester be watch as -- the bus door hiss open , and we watch expectantly for we heroes ... but no one appear . all we can see be the black void inside the tour bus , its engine idling . finally , when we can hardly stand it any longer ... nwa burst out onto the -- 45 int . houston arena - stage - later that night 45 -- and god damn they look cool . still dress in all - black , but now they shit look cleaner , more expensive . they be all rock a lot of gold -- ring and thick - rope chain . huge bass slam down as the mock street light blind we eye . the stage look like the hood with chain link fence and yellow police tape . we hear the sound of straight outta compton ( " you be now about to witness the strength of STREET knowledge . " ) and find dre on the one and two , which sit on upside - down glow trash can , while the rest of the group rock the stage . 48 . cube straight outta compton , crazy muthafucka name Ice cube , from a gang call niggaz with Attitudes . when I be call off , I get a saw off , squeeze the trigger , and body be haul off -- we see cube react to the fact that here in Middle America , the majority of the audience be white . never expect that . in the back , we see a row of uniformed cop , stone - face , they presence alone transmit hostility -- 46 montage of the road 46 46pt1 int . arena - stage 46pt1 -- eazy blow the roof off with we want eazy , all hand in the air as a sea of people vibe with he all sing : eazy , we want eazy -- eazy , we want eazy ! dre , ren and eazy rip through the first verse -- as the crowd sing the hook again . we can hear eazy say -- eazy ( to the crowd ) where the fuck y'all at , Cincinnati !? 46pt2 int./ ext . tour bus 46pt2 -- the guy watch on as the tour bus roll past a protest . demonstrator shout at the bus , hold up sign : ban gangsta rap , stop disrespecting women , gangstas belong behind bar -- 46pt3 int . arena - stage 46pt3 -- dre and ren rhyme fierce on compton be N the house . stand room only , as usual ... dre to the people over here -- ren to the people over there -- dre / ren to the people , the people , the people , people , the people , the people , people from Kansas City , watchin ' the show -- 46pt4 int . arena - stage 46pt4 49 . -- another arena . another angry protest . by now , the guy be not even pay attention anymore ... 46pt5 int . arena - stage 46pt5 -- cube destroy gangsta , gangsta , nostril flare , give it he all . as the chorus kick in -- cube Indianapolis in the muthafuckin ' house ! 47pt1 int . HOTEL room - night 47pt1 muffled music , laughter thump through the wall as we find dre sit on a bed in a empty hotel room , talk to -- dre ( into phone ) I can not do it , T. intercut with : 47pt2 ext . verna' house - porch - continuous 47pt2 tyree , who 's chillin ' in a chair , surveying the street , all smile talk to he cool - ass big brother . tyree ( into phone ) come on . I could meet up with y'all in Dallas or -- yo , you gotta let I come fuck with you in Miami ! dre laugh . miss he baby brother . dre ( into phone ) oh , you wanna partake in some of that fat ass , huh . tyree ( into phone ) you know it ! dre ( into phone ) so what you think mom will say about you comin ' on tour ? tyree 's silence be tell . dre ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) exactly . ` Cause you get school and you know she will not let you miss that many day . tyree ( into phone ) you do . 50 . dre ( into phone ) exactly my point . tyree ( into phone ) so I be pay for you shit ? dre ( into phone ) how it be , T. youngest always do . tyree deflate ... dre ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) how mom doin ' ? be she there ? tyree ( into phone ) she good , but nah , you know she , constantly workin' . dre ( into phone ) well make sure you take care of she , aiight ? I will tell you what , you stay you ass outta trouble and I will call you when I be on the way to Miami - - we will see about get you on a flight . tyree ( into phone ) ( perk up ) aiight , man ... you promise , dre ! dre ( into phone ) I get you . just bring a lot of rubber . dre and tyree have a nice laugh together . suddenly there 's a banging at dre 's front door -- dre ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) hold on a second , somebody at the -- click . tyree' gone . dre set the phone down . walk to the door . open it to find -- a big dude , stand outside , look pissed ! big dude yeah nigga , I be look for my girl Felicia . Heard she be up here in one of this room . dre no Felicia in here , man . 51 . dre start close the door , and the dude jam he boot in , stop dre from close the door . big dude mind if I take a look ? dre get you foot out my door -- Big dude pull up he shirt , pistol poke out of he waistband -- dre shove he back and slam the door ! quickly open the door to the adjacent room where -- 47pt3 on the other side 47pt3 there 's a party go on . eazy , cube and ren be all party with girl , most of whom be not wear any shirt . titties be everywhere , booze flow freely . yella 's in the middle , fucking a girl on one of the bed . dre yo ! any of y'all name Felicia ? all the girl shake they head . yella ( to the girl under he ) hey baby . you Felicia ? girl you forget my name , muthafucka ? she look piss , but they keep on fuck anyway . dre I think she man 's outside . and that nigga strapped . eye wide , eazy quickly pull the gun duffel out from under one of the bed , unzip it , fish through and pull out a AK . yella whoa ! eazy , you can not be blastin inside the hotel -- but eazy just grin , head for the door . open it , peeps out through the crack -- eazy hey , you lookin ' for Felicia ? 52 . big dude be still out there , stand about 15 foot away , with two other similarly - large dude . big dude she in there or what ? eazy yeah , she 's in here . Problem be , my homeboy 's get he dick in she mouth . Big dude scowl , rest he hand on the butt of he pistol . big dude what the fuck do you say ? back inside , ren overhear this . toss a girl off he lap , grab he 9 mm from the table , cock it -- in the hallway , eazy step fully out of he room -- rack the AK and aim it right at the 3 dude -- eazy how bad you want Felicia now ? the dude gape at eazy a moment , then scatter , disappear down the hallway . eazy laugh he ass off as ren bolt out , 9 mm in hand , ready for anything -- ren where they go ? but the coast be clear . eazy keep laugh . head back inside as we -- a48 omitted a48 48 int . HOTEL - lobby - day 48 cube , dre , yella , ren and D.O.C. stroll through , carry bag of McDonalds . cube 's eye drift over to the fancy four - STAR restaurant across from the lobby where he can see Jerry and eazy at a table inside , enjoy a lavish meal . cube meet y'all upstairs . cube head for the restaurant -- 49 int . HOTEL - restaurant - continuous 49 on the bar tv , nancy reagan 's concerned face fill the screen . 53. nancy reagan for the sake of we child , I implore each of you to be unyield and inflexible in you opposition to drug . we young people be help we lead the way . not long ago in oakland , California , I be ask by a group of child what to do if they be offer drug . and I answer , just say no . at a table nearby , Jerry and eazy devour steak and lobster , sip champagne . jerry ( concerned ) another one call -- say she be pregnant by you too . Eric , you gotta slow down . you can not fuck them all ... eazy yeah , I know . ( deep breathe ) all this chick want be money . if I be break , they be would not even be call . jerry yeah well , you start make a little money , problem come with it . eazy White people problem ? jerry money problem be race neutral . but I will help you through all of it . I will put you in touch with -- Jerry 's distract by the sight of cube march towards the table , bag of McDonald 's still in hand . smile up at he . eazy do not make eye contact . jerry ( cont 'd ) even , cube ... cube what 's the deal on they contract , Jerry ? I be still waitin ' on them ... 54 . eazy man , stop ask about they fuckin ' contract . they be come -- jerry it 's all right , Eric . cube 's right to ask , and I be remiss in not update you guy . ( to cube ) contract be be finalize as we speak . Truth be , attorney will bleed you dry go over `em . wish I be pay by the hour ... cube yeah I too . I just like to know what 's goin ' on . since I write a lot of lyric on this record . jerry everybody know how important you be , cube . just give we a little more time . cube glance at eazy , who 's like a statue . cube pick up eazy 's champagne glass , drain it , set it back down . cube shit 's pretty good . someday , huh ? with that , he turn and walk out . Jerry watch he go . then , to no one in particular : jerry he want to be you so freaking bad . this kid have issue . at some point , you gotta trust somebody ... but eazy 's not pay attention . waving to a pass waiter : eazy waiter ! another round over here ... 50 ext . OPEN road - night 50 the nwa tour bus blur by , a prism of light and speed -- 51 int . tour bus - middle of nowhere , USA - night 51 cube and dre speak in hushed tone , everyone else asleep . 55 . dre Nah , I think you over reacting . eazy 's one of we , cube . what you think do not even make sense -- cube know what do not make sense ? eazy chillin ' with Jerry eatin ' steak and lobster while we at mickey D 's . that shit do not make sense . dre look , I hear that , but I think we should ride this wave . do not be jumpin ' to conclusion until you know for sure , we hear a faint vibrate SOUND . dre realize it 's he pager . grab it off he bed . see that he 's miss twelve page . and every single one be labele " 9 - 1 - 1 . " instinct in overdrive , he hurry to the front of the bus , tell the driver -- dre ( cont 'd ) we gotta stop . gotta get somewhere with a phone -- driver but we be in the middle of nowh -- dre stop the fuckin ' bus , man ! 52 ext . gas station - middle of nowhere , USA - moment later 52 the bus be park in a nearly - empty parking lot outside of a lonesome , isolate gas station . it 's a dark , starless night . dre shuffles slowly out of the station , in a daze , like he just awoke from a fuck - up dream . he walk over to the bus . but instead of get on , he sit down on the pavement , eye fill with shock and disbelief . the sound of footstep as ren , yella , cube , and eazy exit the bus , surround dre . they can tell something be very wrong . yella yo , dre . what 's goin ' on ? on dre as he force back the tear that wanna come , he voice barely a whisper : 56 . dre my mom call . tyree . he 's dead . somebody kill my little brother ... shock : " what ? " " Hell naw ! " " what happen ? " be hear amongst cube , eazy , yella and ren -- they crouch down next to dre. not sure what else to say or do . they wait for dre to say more ... dre ( cont 'd ) he get into a fight near leimert Park . a big mothafucka fall on top of he -- break he neck . he kill tyree . I can not believe this shit . face bury in he hand , dre quietly weep . jinx , laylaw and dj speed gather in the front window of the bus . not want to interrupt the group 's moment . cube rest a hand on dre 's shoulder as the other tighten the circle . there 's silence ... until : cube never tell y'all , but when I be twelve , my sister get murder by she own husband -- a fuckin ' wanna be cop who could not make it in the academy . life change for I that day . everything become serious -- eazy dope game take my cousin 's life . I remember when they find he . dre he shoulda be out here with I . if he be out here -- it never woulda happen ... ren or it could have happen in another way . can not blame yourself , dre ... life have to end for all of we , but love do not . feel I ? tyree be always gonna be with you . no matter what . eazy move closer . slowly , he place a hand on dre 's head . rub it . it 's a bit startling -- eazy 's not one for tenderness . but it 's clear he feel dre 's pain . 57 . eazy gonna be aiight , dre ... we with you . pull back as the guy remain cluster around dre. look so small , so vulnerable , crouch in front of the Bus , alone in the parking lot . nwa against the world . fade to black : fade up : on ; 53 int . mausoleum - los angele - day 53 in a suit , dre stand beside tyree 's memorial wall , he arm drape around he heartbroken mother , verna . she cry without end or apology , surround by family , include he other brother , warren G , plus eazy , cube , ren and yella . it 's solemn and quiet . dre remain stoic , stare hard , try he best to remain strong for he mother . all member of the band keep a close eye on he , as the pastor wrap up he eulogy . pastor death be a threshold we all have to pass through . no one be exempt . tyree will set a place for we on the other side and we will see he again . the flesh will always return to the earth . but we spirit will live on forever . amen ! the congregation repeat the pastor with a follow up " amen . " 54 int . mausoleum - later 54 a shattered dre slump out with he mom , verna . dre if I brung he out on tour with I , like he want -- verna this be not on you , Andre . dre do not say anything . keeps he head bow . verna ( cont 'd ) Andre . dre we be suppose to kick it ... next chance I get -- 58 . verna this be not you fault . understand I ? stop this nonsense . stop it now . he look at he momma . this strong woman . verna ( cont 'd ) you brother look up to you . and you take great care of he . we both do . it 's time to let someone else take care of he now . with that , she can no longer hold back the tear . dre hug she , mother and son comforting each other . verna ( cont 'd ) I be proud of you ... so proud of you , baby ... dre fight back tear of he own , the word he 's long to hear . as verna slowly turn and walk away , cube , eazy , ren and yella surround he , brother in arm . they walk out the mausoleum . 55 tour bus montage : 55 55pt1 -- rural farmland . flyover-ville . where the fuck be we ? 55pt1 55pt2 -- dre stare out the window , despondent , lose in think ... 55pt2 55pt3 int . / ext . tour bus 55pt3 -- cube and ren jot lyric on notepad as the bus pass by more protestor ... cube check this out -- protestor 1 protestor 2 protestor 3 Ban gangsta rap ! get the hell out nwa be filth ! of here ! thud ! a egg smack into the window obscuring our view . ren we should get out and beat he ass . 55pt4 int . tour bus 55pt4 -- yella watch porn next to eazy who 's grow bored ... eazy man shut that off . put on my shit . 59 . disgruntle , yella oblige . put on scarface . eazy smile . 55pt5 int . tour bus 55pt5 -- eazy and Jerry mastermind backstage at a concert . Jerry hand a billboard magazine to eazy . jerry move up on the billboard 200 album chart , holding we bullet the r&amp ; B , hip -hop chart . I mean , you have any idea how many record we be sell ? ruthless have arrive . Eric , we be huge ! eazy scan the magazine . drink it in , sly smile as we -- 56 ext . HOTEL - pool side - night 56 surrounded by groupies , live the life , the gang hang by the pool . odd look be send they way from snobby HOTEL guest , a school of fish out of water as -- jerry look worried as he make a bee-line toward the pool in he trademark velvet sweat suit , letter in hand . he officiously hand it to eazy , who scan it . growl : eazy the muthafuckin ' FBI ? this word catch everybody 's attention . we catch a glimpse of the letter on FBI stationary -- dre snatch it from eazy . dre damn , they comin ' after we , too ? now cube lean over -- read aloud : cube " ... advocate violence and assault be wrong and we in the law enforcement community take exception to such action . " have they ever hear of freedom of speech ? what the fuck can they do to we ? jerry it 's a warning . a message to we record label about " fuck the Police " . we should really think about not perform that song for a while . 60 . that do not sit well with the group . moan and grown be hear . jerry ( cont 'd ) ( over they protest ) relax . relax . no need to worry -- all I be say be , we should be aware of this threat ... cube if it be from the lapd , then I would be worried . eazy we should all be happy , not worried . this be a gift , man . more free publicity for nwa . ( wave letter ) that 's why we gonna send this to the press . let everybody know about this kind of harassment and intimidation by the government . right , Jerry ? Jerry do not think this be the best idea ever but ... jerry well , uh . if that 's what you wanna do , then maybe we -- eazy do it , Jerry . let everybody see this bullshit . eazy give the letter back to Jerry , who walk off , leave the boy all hang pool side . after a deliberative beat : cube I guess freedom of speech do not mean shit . ren not if you a nigga wit a attitude . all they guy look at each other . eazy be not worried about nothing -- he put on he locs and continue to kick it . a57 quick cut : a57 of different police officer from different city across the U.S. , each recite they city 's obscenity ordinance , one line bleed into the next : a57pt1 -- a macon , ga officer ... a57pt1 61 . ga officer no person shall disturb the peace by -- a57pt2 -- a Montgomery , al officer ... a57pt2 al officer -- participate or abetting in any rude , indecent , riotous , drunken or violent conduct -- a57pt3 -- a louisville , ky officer ... a57pt3 ky officer -- use any vulgar , obscene or abusive language in a public place - - a57pt4 -- a St. Louis , mo officer ... a57pt4 mo officer -- inciting any other person to commit any breach of the peace , or -- 57 int . joe louis arena - back stage - detroit - night 57 superimpose : august 6 , 1989 - detroit , MI . we catch a serious and quiet cube along with the rest of nwa - - and Jerry heller -- gather as a local police officer read to they from a piece of paper -- eazy have on he ski mask . police officer -- commit any obscene , indecent or immoral act in a public place . note also that performance of the song " F the Police " will not be permit . refusal to abide by all Detroit City ordinance will result in immediate arrest and forfeiture . cube be we finish , man ? we get a show to do . the cop sneer at cube , walk off , throw another shot -- police officer just watch yourselves . ren yeah -- you watch yourselves too . 62 . he stare back at ren one more time -- before leave . eazy take off he hockey mask . all the guy be look at each other . eazy and Jerry head off across the room for a private chat -- ren look at cube -- cube look at dre -- yella look at the perfect ass of a pass female officer . yella ( to himself ) yeah man , fuck the po-lice for real . he laugh and stick he tongue out . 58 int . joe louis arena - stage - later 58 with dre spin , cube , ren and yella hype the crowd as eazy tear up the final bar of straight outta compton -- eazy this be the auto-biography of the E , and if you ever fuck with I you will get take , by a stupid dope brotha who will smother , word to the motherfucka , straight outta compton . the crowd go insane as the chorus plays out . like a God , eazy pimp stride off stage where Jerry await , all smile , arm open as -- back on stage , cube , dre , yella and ren be feel defiant . cube address the amp crowd : cube yo hold up , hold up -- y'all know what the muthafuckin ' po-lice just tell we back stage ? they tired to tell we -- what the fuck we can not say -- what the fuck we can not play ! the crowd hollers and boos they disapproval . cube ( cont 'd ) put ya middle finger in the air ! cube raise he hand in the air , quickly snap he middle finger to attention . ren do the same with both hand -- the crowd respond by get louder than we've ever heard , and returning the gesture . 63. we be talk thousand of people , all with both middle finger raised -- this be the real shit , this be what they come here for -- cube ( cont 'd ) this nwa -- we do what the fuck we wanna do ! we say what the fuck we wanna say ! so , all I wanna tell that cop talk shit back stage be -- yo dre , I get something to say ! dre drop it . cube jump right into it , pure adrenaline -- cube ( cont 'd ) fuck the police comin ' straight from the underground . a young nigga got it bad cause i'm brown -- the crowd go ape-shit ! bouncing and thrashing like a mosh pit . pure electricity -- Jerry heller be suddenly alarmed by the song selection . as cube slice throughout the first verse -- cop be get agitate -- wait for the order to pounce . after they captain have see enough -- he give the order . at that moment , the plainclothes cop in the crowd pull out they badge and start moving forward through the sea of people , try to make they way to the stage -- cube keep spitting -- lyric be approach that mighty hook . the undercover cop be cause a lot of commotion in the crowd ... when cube hit the hook the crowd join in , because they know all the lyric -- cube &amp ; crowd fuck tha police ! -- fuck ! fuck ! fuck tha police !-- fuck that police ! pop - pop - pop -- cube stop rapping -- the crowd be momentarily stunned ! what the hell be that ? gunfire ? a fuck bomb ? whatever it be , total chaos break out -- the crowd start surging for the exit . suddenly , dozen more cop have materialized out of nowhere -- all the member of nwa drop they micu and rush off stage , while the Arena descend into mayhem behind they -- 64 . 59 int . joe louis arena - back stage - continuous 59 it 's chaotic . ton of cop , both uniformed and undercover , swarm as the guy race past a livid eazy and Jerry -- eazy what the fuck do you do !? no time for answer , they run too . Jerry can not believe the cop be on they tail . 60 ext . joe louis arena - loading area - continuous 60 all the guy try to make they way to a idling van which be wait to whisk they away to safety , but -- ren aw fuck ... because they all just notice two thing : 1 ) there be dozen of rabid fan gather outside , and 2 ) there be also a shit - load of police , hold back the fan . the group be spot by some cop , who peel off and head straight for they -- ice cube here we go y'all ... the cop be immediately on they , grab , frisk , cuffing , and dragging they all toward a paddy wagon which have materialize outside . and as soon as the crowd see they beloved nwa be haul away , they go nut , and start throw bottle and rock at the cop , who duck and swerve to avoid the projectile . the crowd start chanting , at a deafen volume -- crowd fuck the police . fuck the police . fuck the police . fuck the police -- before it get any hairier , the cop start piling nwa into the paddy wagon . jerry heller try to shove he way over -- jerry you have no right ! this be illegal ! you can not do this -- but the Detroit cop do not give a shit , they slam Jerry up against a wall , hold he there . cop stay fuck put , old man ! 65 . Jerry watch helplessly as the paddy wagon peel away into the night , take we heroes away -- 61 omitted 61 62 int . / ext . tour bus - OPEN road - the next day 62 the bus cruise along as we push inside to the sound of -- 63 int . tour bus - moving 63 silence , save the rumble of the road . everyone sit by himself , semi-secluded . nobody talk . they all just stare out the window , embroil in think . exhausted . Shell - shocked . Jerry watch a news report on the riot at the Detroit show . jerry what the fuck be you guy think ? they can hold we libel for incite a riot ! no one care that the police start it ... dre , ren and yella start pay attention as eazy switch channel . find another report about the riot . and another . and another . image blur by of the concert . jerry ( cont 'd ) whether you like it or not , you be a political group . never give this asshole a reason to hurt you . next time they might take it . the guy watch , realize that they be become a part of the Zeitgeist . no longer in the news , they be the news . kurt loder ( pre - lap ) the explosive compton rap group , n.w.a . -- hard CUT to : 64 close on MTV news report ( stock footage ) 64 kurt loder -- aka niggers with Attitudes , officially have they video ban here at MTV due to gang - like image that could incite violence . this be not the first scrape with controversy for the band -- 66 . 65 int . HOTEL - conference room - continuous 65 click ! click ! click ! nwa sit at a long table be interview for a PRESS junket , dozen of microphone thrust in they face , camera flash . all the member be engage , lean forward , elbow on the table . they get each other 's back as we parachute in : journalist 1 how do you explain insight a riot in Detroit ? what do you have to say about that ? eaz we do not insight shit . dre you just get a snapshot of how Americans honestly feel . ren we do not create that . journalist 2 you song glamorize the lifestyle of gang , gun and drug . cube my art be the reflection of my reality . what do you see when you go outside of you door . I know what i see . yella and it be not glamorous . cube and by the way , the hood get aks from Russia and cocaine from Columbia . eazy we do not even have passport . check the source . ren who be responsible for that ? journalist 3 you be experience a metoric rise . how can you explain that artit like axl Rose from gun and rose be wear you tshirt and hat ? 67 . dre be not it obvious . Real recongnize real . cube we must of strike a nerve . journalist 4 quickly interject -- the guy let that lie a moment as other journalist speak up . journalist 4 will you be more careful about what you say , and how you say it ? ren nope . everyone laugh . cube Hell no . last I hear , this be America and we get freedom of speech . pretty sure that include rap music . exercisin ' we free speech across this whole damn country , openin ' people 's eye . Far as I be concerned that 's we job . the journalist take that in , impressed by cube 's media savvy and forthright demeanor . cube point to another journalist . journalist 4 so cube , what 's a guy from compton do when he start make real money like this ? laughter from the assemble . not from cube . silence . then : journalist 4 ( cont 'd ) cube ..? 66 ext . doubletree suite - phoenix - establishing - night 66 the typical cookie-cutter hotel blight the beautiful desert landscape as the band exit the tour bus , enter -- 67 int . doubletree suite - phoenix - night 67 cube walk down the hotel hallway , stop in front of a door . he knock , but there 's no answer . he notice the door be propped open with the dead -bolt , so he push inside -- 68 . 68 int . doubletree suite - jerry's suite - continuous 68 cube enter the dark room . at the far end of the room , there 's a desk , with a lone lamp illuminate , casting weird , creepy shadow across the room . and jerry heller sit behind the desk , he face mostly obscure in shadow . cube grin , bemuse , because this tableau be clearly deliberate , a dramatic show of power . jerry it 's nice to see you , cube . cube well I can barely see you , Jerry . what 's with all this godfather shit ? Jerry ignore the comment , rise from behind the desk , carefully place a staple sheaf of paper on the desk . jerry I know you have be very eager to sign a contract with Eric 's company , ruthless record . cube it 's you company too , right ? you and Eric . all for one , one for all . Jerry sigh , shake he head . jerry that 's incorrect . it 's not my company . I work for you . I have make that clear from the beginning . cube just nod , like , yeah right . pick up the thick contract , page through it . it 's full of dense legalese . cube alright , cool . so I can take this one , show it to a lawyer or somethin' ? Jerry stare at he for a beat . place he hand on the desk . jerry cube , lawyer get pay to make trouble . that 's what they do -- create problem where problem do not exist . 69 . cube but I have no idea what it say . at least let I take it to show my family . jerry I can assure you , it 's all standard . you can read it now , if you like . cube 's expression darken . he clenches he jaw . cube Jerry , you know I can not understand this legal shit . none of we can . that 's why we need to show it to a lawyer -- jerry cube , I think you know ? everyone else sign already . you be the only one who have not . cube flip to the last page . the signatory page . sure enough , there 's eazy 's signature , dre 's , yella 's , and ren 's . cube can only shake he head with confusion , disappointment . cube what the fuck ..? jerry look. cube . this be a great thing . this be what you always want you whole life . and there 's also this . Jerry lay a check on the desk in front of cube , make out to o'shea jackson . and it 's for $ 75,000 . cube can not help it , he eye go wide . it 's more money than he ever dream of . cube damn. ( beat ) thanks , man . he reach for the check , but Jerry pull it back . jerry soon as you sign this contract , the money be all yours . cube freeze . realize he 's be shake down . cube that 's my money anyway , Jerry . I earn it . I write a lot of hit song . I be on tour for month . ( more ) 70 . cube ( cont 'd ) perform . gettin ' arrest and shit . and you gonna try to gank I ? jerry that 's ridiculous . cube give I my money , Jerry . jerry you be kid I , right ? who do you think pay for everything ? all the hotel room , the party , the transpo ? you think that 's free ? cube close he eye . take a deep breath . he must literally will himself to not implant he fist in Jerry 's face . cube why all this now , Jerry ? back in the beginning , if you think we be so good , why do not you just give we contract then ? jerry nothing 's a sure thing , cube . even a great talent can crash and burn . too much ego , too much excess , too many expectation -- it tend to ruin thing . you oughta keep that in mind . cube stare hard . know exactly what Jerry 's imply . cube I be gonna ask one more time . be you sayin ' I can not have the money I earn , unless I sign this contract , right now , without showin ' it to anybody ? Jerry just cross he arm , look at cube , say nothing . cube ( cont 'd ) bye , Jerry . he turn and walk out of the room -- 69 int . doubletree suite - lobby - day 69 dre , ren and yella lounge on the lobby couch , pack bag beside they . and they could not be happier . 71 . ren I 'mma get I a El camino with some gold dayton and a phantom top . yella I can not wait to get out of that " po - man 's porsche " and get I some real shit -- face crumpled with anger , cube approach . drop he bag . cube y'all sign that ruthless contract without a lawyer ? ren yeah -- and we get paaaaaid ! yella for $ 75,000 dollar , I do not give a fuck what 's in that contract ! dre and ren chuckle at yella 's candor . dre you be not sign ? cube Hell naw I be not signin ' that bullshit . do not y'all think it 's a little fuck up that Jerry will not let we show it to nobody ? that seem honest to y'all ? if he offer we seventy - five thousand , he probably owe we double that . ( to ren ) think we talk about this , dude ? ren it be what it be ... I do not trust Jerry but I trust Eric . cube 's disgust by they ignorance . only dre seem to be consider cube 's word -- cube at this point , Eric and Jerry in this thing together . believe that ! 70 ext . leimert park - late afternoon 70 the bus be park back where the tour begin . exhausted , D.O.C. 72 . exit the bus and head toward a burgundy chevy blazer , where suge knight wait to pick he up . D.O.C. throw he bag in the back . kick it with suge for a minute as -- eazy exit the bus with yella . they watch D.O.C. and suge . eazy what up with Doc and suge ? yella guess that dude 's " manage " he now . one day you Bobby Brown 's bodyguard , next day you reppin ' talent . everybody wanna get into the act ... dre exit , look discourage . and we understand why when a equally despondent cube exit the bus and begin to move away from the crew . dre catch up to he -- dre yo cube -- you can not just sign that shit , homie ..? keep make history ..? cube naw man , not like this . I would rather be break then get fuck -- why do you sign that shit , dre ? dre nigga , I get bill to pay -- and I need to put some money in my momma 's hand after tyree pass . cube yo , I get it . everybody gotta do what they gotta do . they be gonna take care you . you they be bread and butter . dre cube , we ruthless . cube Nah , we nwa . they ruthless . t-bone ( o.s. ) you comin ' , cube ? cube turn to find t-bone from the lench mob and jinx , wait for he in he car . he look back at dre -- I be out . they pound hug and cube head off . hop into t- bone 's ride . 73. back with dre , consider the scene as everyone drive away , go in separate direction : cube leave with t-bone ... yella leave with ren ... eazy leave with Jerry ... and D.O.C. leave with suge ... dre find himself all alone , confront a new reality . a71 int . / ext . t- bone car - moment later a71 cube ride in the passenger seat , pretty low at this point . no money , no group . jinx mouth be running , but cube 's in a daze -- do not hear a word he 's say . jinx can not believe you leave the group , man . what you gonna do now ? guess we gotta start work on some solo stuff , huh ? cube ? cube ?! as the car pull up to a stop light , cube look over , spot a beautiful young lady in a nice jeep on rim . she 's look back over at he , they eye lock . be this love at first sight ? after a few magical moment . cube finally speak . cube how you do ? my name o'shea . what 's yours ? kim Kim . cube hey Kim -- you the best thing I have see all day . she smile . cube ( cont 'd ) you believe in love at first sight ? kim what you think ? she be the only one that can get cube to smile at this point . dissolve to : b71 int . priority record - bryan turner' office - day b71 cube , Kim by he side , be seat opposite bryan Turner -- who 's floor by the news . 74 . bryan wow , you be really leave the group ... cube yeah , I be tired of the game . eazy put everything on Jerry and Jerry put everything on eazy . they can have it . bryan how do you feel about that Kim ? be he make a big mistake ? kim I do not think so -- after hearing everything that happen , I would have leave too . now he have the chance to showcase all he talent . bryan well , I believe in you cube , so I will tell ya what : there 's not a lot of money in this right now , but if this first record hit , I will make it up to you on the next one . cube get up and shake bryan 's hand . cube well get ready -- `cause this album be gonna be comin ' real fast . I be hungry and I get a lot to say that 's gonna fuck the world up . bryan turner who be you gonna get to produce ? ruthless be probably gonna veto dre work on the project . so what 's you plan ? cube if I can not get the best producer in the in the west . I gotta go get the best in the east . off cube 's determine look -- hard CUT to : superimpose : six month later - new york CITY 75 . 71 int . greene STREET studio - new york CITY - day 71 cube , rock a lench mob jacket , spitting new lyric into the mic with crazy energy , a stack of notebook on the chair beside he . it 's the creation of nigga ya love to hate -- cube kickin ' shit call street knowledge . why more niggas in the pen than in college ? now cause of that line I might be you cellmate . that 's from the nigga ya love to hate . in the mixing booth : chuck D -- Pittsburgh Pirates hat , brim low , public enemy on he jacket -- along with the shocklee , jinx and da lench mob plus 2 member of the fruit of islam , Security and kim . everyone exchange look , impressed . on a suspended tv in the corner , we see louis farrakhan preaching to a crowd of f.o.i . it 's clear this be a very different world than the one cube leave behind in L.A. 72 int . / ext . dre' low rider - eazy' house - day 72 the complete version of nigga ya love to hate pound out of the speaker in dre 's ride as he pull up to eazy 's crib . cube track ( fuck you ice cube ! ) yeah , ha -ha ! I be the nigga ya love to hate -- dre chuckle to himself in disbelief . shit be dope . on the seat beside he , a CD with the plastic freshly tear off -- it 's Ice cube 's amerikkka's most wanted . 73 ext . eazy' house - calabasas - day 73 there 's a party go on at eazy 's huge new mansion , reminiscent of scarface 's estate . and the gang 's all here , everyone we know ... except for cube . over by the poolside gazebo , jerry talk with a troubled eazy . eazy cube 's record 's in the billboard top 20 ! we shit never even come close to that . he 's blowin ' the fuck up -- jerry it 's gonna be fine , Eric . it 's not just nwa anymore , it 's we whole ruthless roster . ( more ) 76 . jerry ( cont 'd ) we have get D.O.C. , we have get Michel 'le , we have get above the Law . we be move up to the next level . eazy we gotta keep dre happy . keep he motivate . eazy look over at dre , across the pool -- he 's dancing with three drop -dead beautiful girl . dre 's smile be massive . he clearly love this sweet life . jerry look at he . you think he need anymore motivation than that ? eazy yeah I get it . he drownin ' in pussy . but that do not mean -- jerry you gotta stop worry so much . let I do the worry for you . fact be , ren can write just as good as cube . maybe even better . come over here a minute -- eazy follow Jerry to a table where he 's set up a bunch of check and paper , and he hand eazy a pen . jerry ( cont 'd ) need you autograph on this check and a few other thing . just sign right here -- eazy start signing , even though he eye keep drift over to the many women party . Jerry grins , notice how quickly eazy get distract . eazy we do with this shit now ? jerry we be do . eazy thanks , Jerry . I 'mma go fuck now . Jerry laugh , slap eazy on the back as he walk off , and stand there enjoy the sunshine , the pretty girl , the party vibe . his eye wander to the porch , where -- 77 . suge knight be stand , smoking a cigar . and suge be staring at Jerry , he expression blank . almost like he 's study Jerry . the old man stop smile , deeply unsettle . luckily -- dre approach suge , break the big dawg 's gaze . dre wuddup , suge -- you good ? suge be you ? off dre 's confuse look -- suge ( cont 'd ) just figure you might be a bit fuck up after hearin ' cube 's shit . dre fucked up about what ? I be bangin ' that shit . D.O.C. interrupt -- D.O.C. wuddup , dre . there 's some bitch up in here , right ? ( to suge ) yo , you take care of that shit for I ? suge I be on it . dre take notice of the exchange as we -- a74 int . priority record - bryan turner' office - day a74 cube be stand in bryan Turner 's office , and we can tell , right off , thing be tense . cube I be just tellin ' you what you tell I . if amerikkka 's most blow up , you would advance I for the follow - up . that 's what you say . bryan turner it 's more complicated than that , cube , there 's metric -- cube come on , bryan . I do not even know what that mean . ( more ) 78 . cube ( cont 'd ) man , I get a kid on the way -- and I just buy a house on the strength of what you tell I . you give I you word . bryan stand up , hold he hand out , try to soothe -- bryan turner cube. relax . we be on the same team here . I be you biggest fan -- cube it 's like this shit keep happenin ' to I , no matter what I do . when people do the work , they should get pay . why you make it seem like I be begging for some shit that 's technically mine ? bryan turner of course you not begging -- and I be not try to be difficult . cube glance around at all the gold and platinum record adorn the wall in bryan 's office . cube but you can not help I . that 's what you be sayin' . bryan put he hand in he pocket , hang he head . the answer be obvious . cube stare at he a beat , then turn he back , head out the door -- bryan turner cube , wait , cube , come back -- b74 int . priority record - bryan' office - later b74 bryan 's still in he office , grind through some work . cube ( o.s. ) shoulda keep you word , bryan . cube and the lench mob ( same dude we see at greene Street ) enter , cube hold a metal baseball bat ! in a flash , he 's smashing the fuck out of the office . his boy split up , block bryan , block the doorway -- no one in , no one out . bryan turner stop ! stop ! what the fuck , cube !??! 79 . cube smashes the gold and platinum record on the wall , the artwork , the glass coffee table . pretty much everything else that 's breakable . bryan turner ( cont 'd ) fine ! fine , i'll get you you money ! just stop ! but cube keep on smashing , until there 's nothing leave to smash . the office be completely destroyed . cube 's out of breath , but he look pretty exhilated . he drop the bat on the floor , walk out of the decimate office , follow by the other guy . bryan remain stand there , speechless , in shock -- 74 int . audio achievement studio - later 74 dre , eazy , ren and yella work on they follow - up album . D.O.C. 's here , too , drink gin , straight , buzzing . in the booth , ren 's recording real niggaz ... ren ... prisoner like a hostage . you shoulda cover you muthafuckin ' head like a ostrich . deep in the dirt cause you a sucka . and you ass up high so I can kick the muthafucka -- dre watch from the board , uncharacteristically detach . eazy that 's what I be talkin ' about . cube be not shit . dre how you figure ? that record 's still the hot shit out there . yella for real . cube kill it -- eazy that 's why we gotta go hard at he . we gonna look like some bitch if we just take that shit . D.O.C. take what ? ( beat ) I do not know what the fuck you talkin ' about . I like that shit . 80 . yella nod , but dre do not even respond . just keep plodd away on the board as D.O.C. proceed unsteadily toward the door , bump into eazy on the way -- eazy man , why you gotta be drunk all the time ? get you shit together . D.O.C. keep on walk , bark back : D.O.C. get you own shit together , lil nigga -- as he exit we focus back on the studio . one thing 's clear : no one 's enjoy themselves anymore . 75 int . fancy restaurant - los angele - night 75 eazy enjoy dinner with a lovely , put-together young woman , tomica . she 's nobody 's groupie . she 's serious , and smart . tomica this place be nice . wow , I do not realize this be a real " date " date . I think we be just go out to eat . you bring all you female here ? eazy only the special one . ( beat ) actually I have never be here before , but I hear it 's good . ( jokingly ) High as it be , it better be . he smile . she laugh affably , shake she head . tomica you know I have a job , right ? eazy Excuse I , miss record executive . tomica executive Assistant . ya know , you do not have to impress I . we could have go to fat burger . I just like hangin with you . you make I laugh . that 's good enough for I , you know ? we can just chill . eazy nod , know she 's right . his eye catch a sexy woman sashaying past . he smile at she , and she smile back . 81 . he turn back to tomica , who just see the whole thing ... but she 's not mad . she 's grin confidently , see it before , do not sweat stuff like this . tomica ( cont 'd ) yeah , she have a nice ass . but she might wanna fix that tooth . eazy laugh . he know a lot of woman , but it 's no wonder tomica 's he favorite . a76 int . dre' car - compton , CA - night a76 dre 's bob he head to something dope -- he car phone ring . he turn down the music . answer . dre ( into phone ) wuddup . in a instant , he face sink -- he slam the break , bang a u- turn and speed toward -- b76 ext . hospital - night b76 dre 's car jump up to the curb , in a red zone . he do not care . he hop out and run through the slide front door . c76 int . hospital room - moment later c76 dre stand at the bottom edge of the bed , look down at d.o.c , unconscious , head bandage , tube in he face . suge stand a few step away , look somber , but still fill the room with he bulk . suge Doc should not even be alive . he get throw from the car -- hit a tree . dre goddamn . be he paralyze ? suge Nah . his throat get crush . Doctor say he will never talk right again . dre vocal chord ? suge all fuck up . career could be in jeopardy ( beat ) . where 's eazy and Jerry ? dre take the moment in . he 's honest about it . 82. dre I do not know . suge they niggas be not loyal . take they be fuckin ' time to come see the man . that 's why I get my people look into he contract at ruthless . gotta protect what he get leave . suge look at dre , clocking he expression . suge ( cont 'd ) what do you think about Jerry ? dre he aiight . I guess . suge nod . contemplative . suge what about you paperwork ? be it cool ? dre I dunno . I just focus on the music . ( beat ) . maybe you people could look into my shit too ? suge most definitely . I can arrange that . D.O.C. groan and turn in he sleep . both of he friend look down at he , quietly watch with concern . 76 int . priority record - conference room - day 76 cube sit at the head of a long conference table beside Kim . he look different now -- shave head , no more jheri curl . bryan Turner emerge from outside the office , CD in hand . he 's try to keep the mood upbeat , though clearly the power dynamic between they have shift toward cube 's advantage . bryan turner cube , Kim -- great to see you guy . how 's that new house treat you ? kim the new house be great . thanks for ask . how 's the new office ? 83. bryan turner ( make light of it ) great . I never do like the design of the old one anyway . bryan chuckle and look over at cube -- who do not seem in the mood for small talk . cube notice the CD in bryan 's hand . cube what you get , bryan ? I know you call I up here for somethin' . bryan turner it 's the new nwa record . I want to play it for you first , before you hear it anywhere else -- cube look at bryan , confuse : snatch the CD and he 's at the CD player before bryan can blink . bryan turner ( cont 'd ) about one minute in -- cube hit play -- tracks forward . then he , Kim and bryan listen to real niggaz on the conference room 's stereo system . dre ( on track ) ... we start out with too much cargo . so I be glad we get rid of benedict Arnold . cube do not say anything , but he face show he anger . cube benedict Arnold . kim they be try to call you some kind of a traitor . cube I be a traitor !? I do not say shit about nwa on amerikkka 's most want ! but now they be try to diss . okay . close on cube 's eye , full of fire -- Kim notice cube building tension . she gently rub he arm and lean in close to whisper -- kim baby , tell I what you be think . 84 . cube I can not wait to get to the mothafuckin ' studio ! 77 int . recording studio - los angele - day 77 cube at the mic , spitting with the most audacious fury we have ever see on the most brutal diss track ever : no vaseline . cube God damn I be glad y'all set it off . use to be hard , now you be just wet and soft . first you be down with the AK . and now I see you on a video with Michel 'le . lookin ' like straight bozo . I see it comin ' , that 's why I go solo . at the board , jinx look to the lench mob in the room -- oh , shit , this be get real -- a78 int or ext . somewhere in the CITY - day a78 dre and D.O.C. sit and listen to no vaseline -- with every line D.O.C. make a different " dunk face " indicate how embarrassed he be for he homie dre. cube ( on track ) yella boy' on you team so you be losin '! and yo , dre ? stick to producin ' . callin ' I Arnold , but you been-a - Dick . eazy see you ass , and go in it quick . as we pan over to dre , we can see that he kind of dig the creativity and lyric . he confirm it with a slight smirk and chuckle . clearly blow the song off . 78 int . jerry's live room - day 78 no vaseline continue over -- Jerry and n.w.a. , minus dre and D.O.C. , listen to the track , face grimace : cube ( on track ) y'all disgrace the c-p-t . ` Cause you gettin ' fuck out you green by a white boy , with no vaseline . ren and yella slouch in the corner , look very unhappy . 85 . cube ( on track ) ( cont 'd ) ... so do not believe what ren say , cause he goin out like kunta kinte . but I get a whip for ya , Toby ; use to be my homie , now you act like you do not know I -- but cube have save the best for last . he unleash upon eazy and jerry , who listen intently , jaw drop . cube ( on track ) ( cont 'd ) you little maggot , eazy E turn faggot . with you manager , fella , fuckin' mc ren , Dr. dre , and yella . but if they be smart as I , eazy E would be hangin ' from a tree . with no vaseline , just a match and a little bit of gasoline . Light them up , burn them up , flame on . til that jheri curl be go . on a permanent vacation , off the massa plantation . Heard you both get the same bank account -- Dumb nigga , what you thinkin ' about ? get rid of that Devil real simple : put a bullet in he temple . cuz you can not be the nigga 4 life crew with a white Jew tellin ' you what to do -- Jerry look absolutely livid , while eazy just look catch off guard . Jerry get up and turn off the music -- yella that shit 's kinda funny . everybody give yella the look . ren mothafucka get we ! what we gonna do ? I get my pen ready to serve that fool . just say the word . eazy be still try to digest the track . jerry we will sue that worthless fuck . defamation , libel ... that anti- semitic piece of shit , I be gonna call up my friend at the j.d.l. and we will see how he like that , little bastard . ( off eazy 's despondent look ) Eric , come on , we gotta get organize here , we gotta fight -- 86 . eazy stop it , Jerry . relax man . niggas do not know what anti-semitic mean - - it 's just a battle rap . jerry ( still hopping mad ) I always know cube be a rotten human be . and people be gonna know the fact . I will make sure of it . I can not believe you be not as angry as I be , what 's wrong with you ? do not you hear what he say ? eazy I hear it , Jerry . you deal with it you way , I will deal with it mine . all we get to do be hit the studio and end this boy career . yella I do not know about all that . jerry well call dre and you guy go do it ! and Jerry storm out , leave the crew behind -- ren damn , E . who work for who ? eazy who you see sit in the big chair mothafucka ?! eazy re-establish that he 's the top dog at ruthless . 79 omitted 79 80 omitted 80 81 ext . jerry's house - front - night 81 Jerry pull into he driveway , get out of the car , carry a bag of grocery , start walk toward the door . he hear a car door slam , and he turn , see a gleam - new EL camino park across the street . a very large black man we have not see before have emerge , and be walk toward he . the man stop about fifteen foot away from Jerry , and stand there , just stare , patiently , ominously . 87 . jerry help you with something ? large man this you house ? Jerry look at the man . glance up and down the street . there 's nobody around . it could not be quieter . jerry who 's ask ? large man it 's a real nice house . Jerry glance at the front door of the house . seem to be gaug , in he mind , how long it will take to get there . jerry who be you ? be you with suge knight ? someone else ? Ice cube ? the man do not answer . instead , he just gaze upon the house , the lush surround lawn , the tree . large man have yourself a good night , Jerry . he make a hat-tipip gesture to Jerry . except he 's not wear a hat . then he walk back to the car , climb inside . Jerry watch he go , alarmed -- 82 int . HOTEL - lobby - new york CITY - day 82 we be in a hallway adjacent to the auditorium where a rap panel be about to take place . find cube drift down the escalator along with the lench mob , and they be all deck out in they lench mob gear . come up the escalator on the other side , be the rap group above the law ( atl ) , all wear gear blaze the ruthless record logo . as the two group approach each other , they both get quiet , and they face pull into angry sneer . the animosity between the two group be tense , palpable , dangerous . just as they be about to pass each other -- atl guy 1 ( under he breath ) fuckin ' traitor ... 88. but cube and he boy hear that shit . cube fuck would y'all say !? atl guy 2 ruthless , muthafuckas ! and then it pop off ! some of the atl crew hop the escalator divider , other sprint down the other side to attack -- the lench mob crew , at the foot of the escalator , they all start brawling like crazy . punching each other in the face , grapple , cursing -- there 's so many fist fly -- such a tangle of body -- it 's hard to tell who 's hit who . it 's fuck chaotic and ugly , and it culminate in -- the move violent mass smashing into a large glass display , shatter it . just then -- a lench mob guy run up to a down a atl guy , wind back to kick he while he 's down , but before the kick land , we -- hard CUT to : a83 archival footage a83 a officer kick the down rodney king while three other l.a.p.d. officer ( know as the L.A. four ) mercilessly beat the man . we all recognize this as the rodney king beat . Raw , gritty , horrific . we pull back to reveal -- 83 int . audio achievement studio - day 83 the member of nwa ( minus cube , of course ) watch the news footage while in the studio , finish up some new track for they follow - up album niggaz 4 life . dre still can not believe it . it 's like they be enjoy themselves . eazy least they get it on video . lapd gonna have a real good time on that level 3 prison yard , know what I mean ? dre yep , we get they ass this time . tape do not lie . 89 . the room be over - crowded -- because everyone have a entourage . jerry be also there and he do not look thrilled about it , nor be he happy to see -- suge knight in the room , hover behind dre at the board , accompany by a very large german shepherd . Jerry try to make he way over to dre , but suge block he path , and the huge dog stare at Jerry . jerry just need a word with dre -- suge it can wait . let the man work . Jerry look at the dog , the dog look back . stymy , Jerry turn and exit the studio , jaw clench . after he leave , dre sigh . he look tired , depressed . totally over it . he plays back the track he 's be work on , listen . tries to feel it . but something 's miss . irritate , dre get up , exit the studio . suge follow -- 84 ext . audio achievement studio - patio - moment later 84 suge come out the back door just behind dre -- suge yo dre. hold up . -- gesture for dre to sit with he at a nearby table . suge ( cont 'd ) I do what you ask . have my people look into you contract . dre 's interest be pique . suge ( cont 'd ) it be not good . not that I be surprised or anything . gotta watch yourself . dre what you mean by that ? suge pull out a thick file . place it on the table . suge everything you need to know . it 's all in there . ( more ) 90 . suge ( cont 'd ) ( off dre 's sober look ) you know I can help you with this . dre consider a moment ... dre Nah . I get this . 85 int . audio achievement studio - the next night 85 eazy sit alone in the studio , listen to some new track . it 's late , and there 's nobody else around as -- dre come in through the door , hold the file from suge . eazy notice the file , along with dre 's nervous energy . eazy so , what would you wanna see I about ? sounded all work up on the phone . dre sit down across from he , full of purpose , fire up . dre I know you do not like hearin' this shit . but it 's about Jerry . we gotta get rid of that muthafuck -- eazy be that seriously the reason you want to talk ? I think we be past all that -- dre I find out some information , Eric . Real shit . I have some people look at this , and I be not gettin ' my fair share . eazy finally turn and look dre in the eye . eazy you know why you rich , dre ? you know why you live in a big ass house and do not sleep on a couch no more ? do you know why you fuck the finest bitch ? that 's Jerry , dude . he break we through the door . he make this shit happen , and you wanna turn on he just like cube -- dre cube be right , fool ! you gotta look at this papers , E. just look and you will see . ( more ) 91 . dre ( cont 'd ) we make it because we shit be dope , Eric , not because of Jerry . we can keep go and own the goddamn world , we just can not be fuckin ' with he no more . eazy just shake he head , turn back to the board . dre look pain . can not believe he can not get through . dre ( cont 'd ) dude . we go back a long , long way . you and I . we start this nwa shit . I just want it to be right . eazy you think that 's right , turn you back on somebody ? after all he 's do for we ? dre you mean all he 's do for you . eazy do not say anything . dre stand up -- dre ( cont 'd ) look at I , man . why will not you look at I ? it 's like I do not mean shit to you . like I never mean shit . eazy will not look at dre , shrug . cruelest shrug you ever see . dre look hollow out by it . dre ( cont 'd ) think you be my brother . eazy think you be mine , too . dre walk out the door -- slam it so hard , the wall shake . a platinum nwa record slide off the wall , break on the floor . eazy flinch , even though he wish he do not . a86 omitted a86 b86 int . audio achievement studio - day b86 ren and yella enter to find eazy on the mixing board , more than a little out of he element . they look at one another , confuse -- clearly , something 's up . ren everything cool , E ? 92 . no response . eazy just keep poke around on the board ... yella yo where dre at anyway -- eazy man , fuck dre. they have finally get eazy 's undivide but heat attention . yella whatchu mean ? eazy why do not y'all ask he . ren fuck you talkin ' about ? he comin' or not -- eazy that nigga quit . so nah , he be not comin ' . but fuck it , we gonna keep this shit movin ' . do not need that punk anyway ... disbelief wash across ren and yella 's face as we -- c86 int . can am studio - day c86 suge grit on a cigar sit next to dre who 's at the mixing board work on the track to " deep cover " . suge this shit sound good . dre none of this mean anything , while I be under contract with ruthless . suge do not worry about that . I promise you that I will get you out of you contract . dre get back to the work at hand as -- Warren G and snoop dogg burst into the studio . snoop Dog be dress head to toe in blue . snoop what 's up , cuz . 93. snoop greet everyone around the room pound each and every person . to the surprise and dismay to the room full of blood especially suge knight . suge yo who the fuck 's this , Warren ? warren G my bad . snoop snoop doggy Dog , cuz . who be you ? the blood around the room be trip on snoop . before it escalate , dre get up , greet snoop properly . dre glad y'all come by . you demo be tight . snoop thanks , dre. dre well listen , I be workin ' on a track for this movie call " deep cover . " I want you to get down on it . snoop for real ? dre smile back at snoop : yup , for real . snoop ( cont 'd ) oh hell yeah ... snoop walk into the booth , put on some headphone 's as we -- 86 int . eazy' house - night 86 the phone ring . eazy answer -- eazy hello ? suge ( filter ) we need to talk about they contract . eazy talk to Jerry . 94 . suge ( filter ) do not wanna talk to Jerry . it 's you company . you be the man . eazy do not say a word , consider , deeply conflict . suge ( filter ) ( cont 'd ) come by the studio . we will be here all night . just workin ' . we just wanna squash this . make it right for you . 87 ext . s.o.l.a.r. studio - los angele - late night 87 park across the street , eazy look at the building , not happy about it . enemy territory . he open up he stash BOX in a hide panel below the radio . there 's a pistol inside . he reach in , put he hand around it . hesitates , hearing -- a distant police siren . pull he hand away , leave the piece . he hop out of the car , walk toward -- 88 int . s.o.l.a.r. studio - studio - minute later 88 eazy enter the Studio , see only suge sit there , smoking a cigar , petting he dog . he come further into the room , peek around , look for -- eazy where the hell be dre ? you say he would be here -- suge do not worry about dre. ( beat ) Truth be tell , he be not get nothing to do with this right here . suge pull out a sheaf of papers , and a pen . suge ( cont 'd ) here 's what 's gonna happen . you be gonna sign this . releasing dre and the D.O.C. from ruthless . eazy whatever homie . you think I be signing that shit , you crazier then I think . I be out -- eazy just laugh , head for the door . but before he get there , it open , revealing -- a large dude wear blood - Red . he enter the studio , cross he arm . a massive barrier . 95 . suge naw . I think you gonna stay awhile . slam ! eazy spin to see two more blood enter through a side door . one of they hold a metal baseball bat . the other have a shotgun dangle at he side . eazy now realize he 's just walk into a straight - up buzz - see . but he show no fear . he puff he chest out . eazy fuck you , suge . I be not scared of none you niggas , cuzz ! suge just stare at eazy a long uncomfortable while . suge you can talk tough all you want -- but this be not no record . ( heart attack serious ) do not make I change you , Eric wright . eazy the fuck be that suppose to mean ? suge this niggas will take something from you that you can not get back . blood just let I murder this crab , suge . suge stand , eye cold , black , as the thug move behind eazy . suge naw . that 's too easy . ( to eazy ) I get a whole night plan for you if you do not sign they release form . eazy 's eye shoot to the blood , back to suge . suge ( cont 'd ) it could happen quick , Eric . or it could take a long , long time . you better choose right . because you know where I come from . this bompton nigga ! eazy' face can not hide he fear anymore . or he anger . 96 . eazy ( so quiet , to himself ) dirty mothafucka ... whap ! a large hand fall on eazy 's shoulder -- push he hard down in a chair . 89 ext . jerry's house - back yard - later 89 eazy sit slump in a chair , drink a beer next to the pool . his eye look hard , flat , break somehow -- click ! there be a gun to he head , revealing -- jerry , in he bathrobe look freak out , hold the gun . he immediately lower it . jerry Jesus Christ , Eric . you can not just ... I think you be -- but eazy be not rattle at all . he just sit there , blank . jerry ( cont 'd ) be yo okay ? Eric . why do not we go inside ? all right ? come on ... Jerry help eazy out of the chair , ushere he into -- 90 int . jerry's house - kitchen - moment later 90 eazy follow Jerry into the kitchen as Jerry pull some leftover from the fridge . slide they over to eazy . but eazy be not interested . instead , he pull out a bag of weed . roll a joint , light it . take a long drag -- exhales a lot more than just smoke ... jerry hey . you gotta tell I what 's go on . I can tell when something 's -- eazy lean on the counter . finally look at Jerry . eazy I gotta kill that mothafucka , suge . I just want you to know that shit 's about to get thick around here . jerry you be not gonna do that . eazy I do not come over here to ask you - - I come to tell you . ( more ) 97 . eazy ( cont 'd ) you the one that want to be down with this gangsta shit . so here we go . jerry you do that , it 's gonna ruin everything we have build -- eazy suddenly snap into intense anger -- eazy I have to do it ! this be the street , muthafucka ! I do not have a choice ! he come at I ! he come at we . we do not hit back , it 's over ! done ! put a fork in this shit ! Jerry close he eye , take a breath . tries to keep he tone relaxed , so that he can , in turn , relax eazy . jerry Eric . listen to I . I never say we will not hit back . but this be not compton . we do not hit back with bullet . we do it with lawyer . we drain that asshole . eazy calm down a little bit . eazy I do not care about the money , Jerry . ai not about the money . Jerry put a fatherly hand on eazy 's shoulder . look at he . jerry of course it be . you be smarter than that criminal . you wanna kill somebody ? then you will be in prison , forever . no more family . no more ruthless . no more anything . eazy stare back at Jerry . jerry ( cont 'd ) if you kill this man . his problem be over and yours be just beginning -- let hit them where it really hurt . eazy be more conflict then ever before -- 98 . 91 int . eazy' house - stair to bedroom - night 91 through the darkness we see movement . it 's eazy . he move in a slow and laborious fashion as he enter -- the bedroom where tomica sleep in they bed , safely tangle in sheet . eazy do not even bother shed he clothes . simply slump closer , slide quietly under the cover . without a word , she wrap eazy in a embrace . a92 ext . cube's house - back yard / pool - day a92 Kim look on as the CNN crew 's cameras film cube in the midst of a tense interview -- a journalist pepper he with question : journalist be you anti-semitic ? cube what ? I think this interview be about the rodney King trial ? journalist the j.d.l. have recently get involved , say that the lyric regard you former manager Jerry heller -- but cube 's too smart to fall for this crap . cube I be not anti-semitic . I be anti- Jerry heller . let I ask you a question -- do they condone Jerry 's behavior when it come to my situation ? him try to get I to sign a contract without legal representation ? journalist I have no idea . cube well , you get I that answer and then we can continue on this topic . until then , let 's talk about the beat of a unarm motorist -- rodney King and the trial of 4 guilty l.a.p.d. officer who seem to be darryl Gates ' standard issue - - 99 . journalist but it be not just the jewish community . the Korean grocer community have also accuse you of racism , mostly because of you song " Black Korea " -- cube come on , man . that do not even make no sense . Black Korea be just a warning . that 's it . I be a journalist , just like you ! report on what 's go on in the hood . but the difference be that I be brutally honest about it . Cause sugar coating will get you diabete . a couple of member of the Nation of Islam be quietly see in the background as the journalist struggle , try to gain a foothold -- journalist what 's you relationship with the Nation of Islam ? cube just smile , shake he head . cube there my brother . that question alone just prove how unprepare of a " sandbag reporter " you really be . you wanna talk about anti- semitism ? then it 's " Black Korea , " and now you wanna talk about the Nation of Islam ? seriously , man . what 's you agenda ? you can not focus on one thing ? ask I something interesting . I be not a elect official . I be a artist . you have not ask I one damn question about music . I be America 's conscience . I represent the good , the bad and the ugly . what you represent ? 92 int . dre' house - live room - day 92 the massive room 's focal point be a BASIC studio setup : ssl , some turntable , a mic , some keyboard , a tower of speaker . superimpose : six month later 100 . dre sit in the epicenter of it all , motionless , lose . it 's the first time we have see he anywhere near a soundboard and not create on it . he just stare into the nothingness -- a tap on glass alert we to snoop , Warren G and doc ( small scare on doc 's neck ) outside . dre stand . open the window . dre what you fool doin ' out here ? warren G watch you daydream for the last five minute . doc ( raspy voice ) look stupid as a mothafucka . snoop come take a ride with we Dr. dre. you gotta get out this house , cuz and get you mind right . int . dre' car - los angele - minute later snoop at the wheel , they ride listen to atomic dog by George Clinton . snoop 's at the wheel , smoking a joint ( surprise ) , dre shotgun , Warren G and D.O.C. in the back . snoop what you so tense for , cuz ? dre I be cool . warren G no you not . you be up in that house for a month now , and not one track ? wassup , what 's wrong ? dre first time in my life , I feel like I be forcin ' it . warren G why ? dre too much outside interference -- eazy and Jerry tryin ' to starve I out . playin ' game with my money . tryin ' to get I back in there on my hand and knee -- 101 . snoop be that why you be not get no furniture ? snoop hold out the jay . snoop ( cont 'd ) this shit will chill you out . dre Nah , that be not I . I be good . warren G come on , big bro . loosen up . dre ( reconsider ) fuck it , gimme that shit . dre take a deep pull , hold it in before coughing out a massive cloud . they all laugh . and dre take another hit . a even bigger one . dre ( cont 'd ) wow . what be in this shit ? snoop that shit right there ? that 's the chronic . dre turn up the music . snoop ( cont 'd ) you never smoke before ? dre no . I can feel it in my nut , man . be that normal ? dre find himself laugh with the guy as they cruise on ... 94 int . dre' house - live room - day 94 dre 's behind the ssl , listen to a rhythm base on Leon heywood 's i'm gonna do something freaky to you . Warren G , snoop , and d.o.c be in different corner of the room . smoke float over snoop 's head like a halo . the vibe be positive and laid back , but as we look at dre 's face we can tell what he 's think : something 's miss . dre turn to the moog keyboard situate on the side of the board and start noodle with a melody . it 's almost familiar . but not quite . 102 . then he hit it : Da do dee dah dee dah dah dee do deee ... just like that , we have witness the birth of ain't nuthin ' but a G thang . snoop oh shit . keep play that . dre do the same ten note -- that 's it ! it 's G thang . snoop ( cont 'd ) ( freestyle ) one. two . Three into the four . snoop doggy dogg and Dr. dre be at the door ... ( rap continue ) just like that , musical history be be create . 95 ext . jerry's house - back yard - day 95 tapdancing for a slightly fatigue eazy , Jerry try hard to convince he that -- jerry we be about to get back into the game in a big way , Eric -- eazy yeah ? how you figure ? jerry be you just try to insult I ? eazy stare back at Jerry , like indulge I . jerry ( cont 'd ) do you forget about ren 's album ? or the fact that you be work on a album that I believe be gonna be bigger than anything nwa ever -- eazy do you really believe that bullshit ? all I know be cube 's doin ' big thing , makin ' movie and shit . and I keep hearin ' about this album dre workin ' on -- jerry dre 's a fuckin ' producer , Eric ! producer 's do not rap ! it 's never gonna work ! period ! 103 . 96 omitted 96 97 omitted 97 98pt1 omitted 98pt1 98 I /e. dre' house - bedroom to backyard - day 98 the music be bumpin '! there 's a party go on somewhere in this house , but not in this room . we be close up on a pair of blue Chuck Taylors with a pair dicky and boxer drape on they . as we pull back , we realize that some lucky bastard be getting head from a sexy woman with nice curve . as we pull back further , we can not even see who the lucky bastard be because another amazing female be sit on he face , moaning and smoking a blunt . just as we attempt to register what 's go on -- we track another spectacular female in a two - piece bikini . she grab the blunt from she , hit it and walk out to the balcony . she blow out the smoke and pass it to one of the homie who 's already roll up more blunt from the pound of weed sit on the table in front of he . from there we crane down , pass the dj rig on the second floor balcony . even the dj have girl around he , a blunt in he mouth , and a drink in he hand . we crane down further to the bottom floor where more girl in bikinis get spray by guy with super soaker and champagne bottle . it 's a impromptu " wet T-shirt " contest . as we pull back across the pool , a few more topless girl jump in and we realize we be at one of that famous Dr. dre / death row pool party . people everywhere . sex in the air . freezer- bag stuff with high - grade weed be be pass out to everybody by snoop dogg himself . we catch a glimpse of two nice look lady walk over to the bar . we will come to know one of they as nicole . but first -- in the gazebo , we find dre smoking a blunt and play dominoe with D.O.C. , laugh , blow off some much - need steam . until -- dre 's eye settle on Nicole , who 's different from the rest . she 's not drunk , or dance , or flirt . she 's beautiful , but in a understate way . when she friend get up and walk away , Nicole turn , like she sense dre 's gaze . look right at he , with clear , bright , but wary eye . he head over -- 104 . dre you look like you be ready to go . nicole ( smile ) I be just wait on my friend . I know I should have drive . dre you be not have fun ? nicole oh no , it be fun . I have a lot of fun . but now it 's start to get a little wild . dre yeah , it do get crazy around here sometimes . ( extend he hand ) hi , I be Andre . woman ( nicole ) I know . ( shaking he hand ) I be Nicole . dre hey Nicole , why do not you come over here with I and kick it for a while till you friend get back . she consider a moment . then -- nicole I do not know , maybe another time and another place . but not now . and with that , a visibly tipsy Warren G walk over , try to dump some used coal out of a kettle - style grill -- warren G yo dre , we be can I dump this shit ? dre do it look like I give a fuck right now ? can not you see I be tryin ' to make a Love connection ? nicole no , he 's try make a friend connection . 105 . warren G aiight , regulate that shit ! Warren G stagger off with the hot coal . they smile at Warren 's walk off . dre a friend connection ? nicole speak of friend , I need to go find mine before she get too lose . dre you want I to help you ? nicole no , seem like you need to get back to you game . I will talk to you later . she get up and head off leave dre with a big smile on he face . as she go -- dre I 'mma find you , Nicole ! she turn . smile back . disappear into the party . but it 's clear he 's crush hard on this girl . 99 patio - moment later 99 the party be still go strong but we see some underlying tension develop . on one side , we have snoop' crew -- many of they straight - up Long Beach rollin 20 's crip . while suge 's crew , on the other side , be various compton blood . snoop be freestyling for a small group gather around he , blow all they mind -- snoop freestyle tbd ... snoop stop mid-flow , and stare , wide -ey , at the house -- snoop ( cont 'd ) what the fuhhhh -- everyone turn ! girl immediately start scream because -- dre' house be on FIRE ! huge orange flame lick up the siding , spread quickly . black smoke pour into the sky ! 106 . everybody scatter , trip over each other , fall on the lawn , because let 's not forget everyone be wasted . find dre , watch the flame , almost hypnotize by they , because it do not seem real . Warren G stagger up beside he , watch on , eye like saucer . warren G you house be on fire . dre yeah . ( beat ) shit 's crazy , right . warren G maybe I should not have throw they coal in the trash . dre suddenly snap out of it . because -- dre my fuckin ' master ! against all logic , dre storm into the burning house as the sound of distant siren ring out -- 100 int . can am studio - office - day 100 dre and suge talk in a corner of the studio . voice low . dre what do you mean that everyone be pass on this record ? suge what do you think ? dre shake he head . suge ( cont 'd ) they all turn it down . " too many live instrument . it 's not hip - hop . " dre it 's not hip -hop ? shit , it 's the future . ai not no more money in sampling everythang . suge this guy have a lot of money . this be the only shot we get . dre okay , shoot . 107 . as they walk to the other side of the studio we widen to reveal jimmy iovine . he 's older and white , wear glass with a baseball cap pull low over he eye . jimmy ( extend he hand ) Jimmy iovine . interscope record . it 's nice to meet you . dre or Dr dre . what should I call you ? dre dre 's cool . how be you do ? I hear John mcclain give you my album . what do you think ? Jimmy smile . jimmy iovine I think it be great . ( beat ) so , you be the artist on this record . who produce it ? dre I do . jimmy iovine who engineered it ? dre I do . jimmy iovine listen . I do not know anything about hip hop . and to be honest with you , I do not necessarily care for it . but I know this be special . the word special resonate with dre . he nod . dre thank you . suge we would love to bring it to interscope . but there 's a problem . jimmy iovine what 's the problem ? suge ruthless . lawsuit . ( beat ) contract . 108 . jimmy iovine how about this . give I three week . but I do not want to hear any bullshit about you shopping it anywhere else . if you do that . I believe I can get you out of this mess . sound good ? suge smile . 101 ext . los angele - day 101 a sprawling city of orphan , calm before the storm . superimpose : april 29 , 1992 jerry ( pre - lap ) eazy . you may wanna see this . 102 int . jerry's house - live room - continuous 102 Jerry turn the volume up as eazy plop down on the couch beside he -- tom brokaw ( v.o. ) ... a stun verdict of " not guilty " for the l.a . four today in simi Valley ... push in close on eazy , see the verdict . jerry ( o.s. ) sorry ... eazy sorry ? we all ought to be sorry ... ( then ) we have they on tape -- we have they ass on tape . eazy continue to watch , pain and perplex , as we see -- ext . south central - street - day cube drive through south central in the epicenter of the unfold riot . loot store . Burning building . he drive by graffiti tag , many of which say fuck tha police . he see a crip and a blood , tie they red and blue bandanas together in front of one such tag : a symbol of the gang truce . nearby , crowd of young people chant : 109 . crowd no justice , no peace ! everybody say , fuck the police ! no justice , no peace ! everybody say , fuck the police ! a very proud cube watch . his own word turn into a unify slogan for the riot . and we see -- 103 archival news footage 103 of the riot -- angry , violent . year upon year worth of rage unleash in a three day period . Marshall Law . Police brutality . Race hatred . the worst of humanity . 104 omitted 104 105 ext . south central - crenshaw boulevard - day 105 calm now , we behold a virtual wasteland of smolder car and building . Shell - shocked , citizen wander around , try to make they neighborhood livable again as -- a `64 impala roll down the boulevard . dre , snoop , D.O.C. and Warren G silently observe the damage , shell - shocked . 106 ext . sunset blvd - night 106 eazy cruise down sunset . he look older , more anguish . superimpose : one year later he pass by tower record where a massive mural of the chronic cover art fill up the entire side of the building . eazy behold it with a confluence of admiration and envy . as the bite of that really start to sting , eazy look -- across the STREET , he spot a billboard for cube 's movie , boyz N tha hood . cube be front and center , alongside cuba gooding JR . eazy can not believe it as we -- 107 int . eazy' house - live room - night 107 Times be hard . eazy 's not ballin ' like he be . surrounded by moving box and basic studio equipment , a few homie do they thing on the board , the making of neighborhood sniper play , as eazy , ren and yella huddle over -- three huge , one - pound bag of weed sit on the coffee table . they divide they into smaller bag . 110 . yella so all this weed . it 's for you ruthless artist ? eazy havin ' some cash flow problem . they can smoke it , they can sell it , I do not care . as long as it keep them off my back for a minute . yella maybe you should think about diversify into my kinda shit . there 's money in there , too . eazy laugh , shake he head . eazy what , makin ' porno ? no thanks , man . that 's you thing . I will stick with this music shit . once my new album right here 's do , I 'mma be fine -- eazy start coughing . it do not sound great . ren you all right , man ? eazy yeah . just tired . all this shit , downsizin ' to a new crib , just weighin ' on I . I will figure it out though . I always do . jerry ( o.s. ) Eric -- Jerry enter . approach eazy . jerry ( cont 'd ) can you come by my office ? I need you to sign some check -- but eazy do not even look up at Jerry . eazy I will come when I can , Jerry . jerry Eric -- but eazy just keep ignore he . annoy , Jerry exit -- 111 . 108 ext . death row record - los angele - day 108 death row 's a thriving office space , especially in contrast to ruthless . a few dope car sit park out front as -- dre screech up in he brand - new , white ferrari testarosa -- suge 's just behind he in a red mercede sl amg convertible . a car be park in suge 's parking space . suge block the car in . suge 's goons wait for he to exit he car . dre and suge hop out , all eye on they -- dre man , this be just the beginning ... we be building a empire . dre laugh as ... suge storm off , flanke by he goons , bee-line for the employee be . he grab the employee by the collar and haul he out of he car to he foot . suge you be in my spot ! the employee just gape at suge , speechless ... dre suge , it 's cool -- suge shake the employee like a rag doll ... suge do you park in my muthafuckin ' parking space or not ? employee I do not know , I -- suge pull out a pistol and crack the employee across the face with it , blood gush from he nose -- startle , dre shoot to a stand . what the fuck !? even more so when suge drag the bleed employee across the parking lot before toss he against a car . suge give the guy he key . suge now move yo ' piece of shit and park my car . wow ... the guy be scared and confuse at suge 's " power drunk " request . he slowly take the key . 112 . suge ( cont 'd ) -- and I bet not see one drop of blood in that mothafucka . and everyone watch in utter silence as suge spin and strut into death row record brand new office . loud silence . off dre , disturb by suge 's violent display . 109 omitted 109 110 omitted 110 111 int . cube's house - los angele - night 111 cube sit in the live room , watch basketball , and do something we have not see before : writing a screenplay . Kim walk through , visibly pregnant , hold shea ( 1 ) . hand cube a beer . he reach for she , kiss she belly as they toddler , darrell ( 3 ) , run in . hop up on cube 's lap . cube hey darrell . what you be do ? -- playin ' with Shea ? darrell nod as Kim pick up the remote , start flipping channel . she stop when it land on the BOX , which just happen to be play nwa 's straight outta compton . cube watch for a bit , lose in think -- kim look how young you guy look . cube look for a moment -- shake he head , in disbelief . cube damn ... we leave some good record on the table ... Kim walk closer -- rub he shoulder lovingly ... kim well -- be not nobody burnt down the table do they ? ever think about get back together ? cube all the time . but we have be feud for so long . it might be " on " on sight when we see each other . I really do not know . 113. kim that 's a shame . it 's terrible how money tear we apart . cube yeah -- when it should be bring we together . somebody always want more then they be suppose to get . as that 's when shit get funky . she nod in agreement -- as he continue work on he script . a movie call " friday " . 112 int . nice restaurant - los angele - night 112 dre 's have dinner with nicole -- the woman who reject he at he party . even though they be both clearly feel this . dre be not you glad I track you down ? nicole I be not exactly hide . they both chuckle . dre so wassup , you be havin ' good time ? nicole yeah ... why ? dre well I mean , I like comin ' over you place , but you know , you neighbor be complainin ' about " the noise " -- Nicole smile , shoos dre . he smile at she , mesmerize . God damn this girl be special . he fill up they champagne . dre ( cont 'd ) I think a little more privacy would be better . nicole so what , you want I to move ? dre yeah , maybe . I know of a perfect spot . plenty of room , and I know the owner . 114 . Nicole finally get what dre 's say . smile . nicole after a few month , you sure you be ready for that , Andre ? dre yeah . I be really feelin ' you like that . nicole I be feelin ' you too , but ... Nicole consider , conflict . dre can not stand it any longer . dre hey you know what , do not worry about it right now . be just a think ... dre drink he glass of champagne down . dre ( cont 'd ) listen , I do not mean to change the temperature in here . but it have to be crazy , bein ' marry to a laker . nicole be not what I would call a good fit . it get crazy once we move to l.a . I definitely go through some unnecessary shit when he start act like a asshole . but I have a beautiful son and all that other nonsense be behind I now . dre look , no offense , but I be a little glad he be a asshole . ( raise he glass ) his loss be my gain . to asshole . nicole ( playfully ) chin-chin . they share a laugh as Nicole raise she glass -- clink . dre downs he glass as we -- 113 ext . nicole's apartment - westwood - later 113 dre walk Nicole to she door , and pretty soon they be kissing . it 's nice , but after a bit , she pull away . 115 . nicole all right -- good night . dre look surprised . dre really ? good night ? nicole be you okay to drive ? dre no . they both laugh . nicole good night , Andre . dre see , I can not help thinkin ' , maybe you want I to come inside ... nicole of course I do . dre so what 's different now ? nicole I get a lot of thing to think about . ( beat ) you be ask I to move in ... that 's a big step . I like you , Andre . but there 's a lot go on around you . dre what do you mean ? nicole I read the papers . I be not stupid . I know about the whole death row business , the assault charge , the shoot ... just seem dangerous . my son 's my world . dre but I think we be havin fun . 116 . nicole fun be fun , Andre . but I refuse to walk away from one crazy life into another . she kiss he on the cheek . nicole ( cont 'd ) I will a call you . Nicole turn , walk into the building , leave dre stand there , embarrassed , angere . head full of steam , he stumble back , hop into he -- 113a int . death row record - hallway - night 113a dre walk into death row feel the sting of Nicole 's word still reverberate in he head as -- we reveal two pitbull snarling and lung at each other be restrain by heavy duty chain . the scream and yell of a betting crowd of blood permeate the hallway as we see the death row signature electric chair squarely at the end . a guy walk a pitbull on a hain move pass the scream blood and howling dog run into dre . guy with dog dre , you want to put some money on this red nose ? dre ( a little daze and confuse ) Nah man , I be good . the rowdy circle of better grow more and more boisterous as the pitbull be about to get it on . dre ( cont 'd ) where 's pac at ? guy with dog Studio a ... 113b int . death row record studio a - continuous 113b we hear 2pac 's iconic verse from " hail Mary " as dre enter the studio as the dog fight start back in the hallway to reveal -- the control room of Studio a be in complete chaos . bottle everywhere along with blunt smoke , homies and hoodrat . tupac be in the recording booth spitting out lyric . 117 . he 's make a alter around he with lyric sheet stand -- each stand have 2 to 3 notebook full of rap on it . when they notice dre , the engineer stop the track . dre push the talk - back button and look at tupac through the glass . dre wha 'up pac ? tupac oh shit ! wha 'up dre ... I be about to hit niggas in the mouth with this new album . suge say you get some heat for a nigga . dre nigga what ? I do ... guess who I work with last night . tupac who that ? dre hand a CD to the engineer --- dre Roger fuckin' troutman . man this shit be fire . wait till you hear it . tupac oh ! ok what you think about call it ? dre I be think about call it California love . dre look at the engineer --- dre ( cont 'd ) Press play California Love scream out the speaker ... we hear the iconic first few bar with Roger troutman 's signature voice sing , California Love . we hear the sound of what seem like muffle gunshot come from another room . pop. pop. pop. everyone be like what the fuck . this do not sit well with dre . he exit to see what 's up . 118. 113c int . death row conference room - night 113c we reveal a pitbull snarling at a emasculate poor bastard that be on the floor all bloody , in he underwear hold a glass of champagne . the pitbull continue to lunge at he face look to rip he soul out . we reveal suge smoking a big cigar and laugh . he 's at the center of a room full of blood and hoodrat plus blood # 1 , goon girl and goon # 1 , all intently watch the last moment of this emasculate homeboy toast . dre open the door at the far end of the room not expect to see this spectacle . there 's several blow hole in the wall where the gun shot be fire just above the cower man 's head . dre what the fuck y'all doin ? suge ( drunk with power ) yo dre , you just in time . watch this . get up ! ( to the poor bastard ) you know what to do . bruise and bloody with one eye close shut , the poor bastard raise the glass with a shaky hand and a quivering voice . pit bull continue to stand at attention . poor bastard I would like to make a toast ... everyone in the room hold up they champagne glass . dre can not believe he eye . there 's even two ( plain clothes ) off duty cop there with badge and gun holster -- glass raise high . poor bastard ( cont 'd ) ...to death row record ... room to death row ... goon girl ( clowning he ) May the west coast reign forever . poor bastard ( scared ) May the west coast reign forever . blood # 1 what else !? 119 . poor bastard I would like to make a toast to suge . for make this all happen . suge do not forget to toast Dr. dre. you little bitch ass mothafucka ! the poor bastard look over at dre. dre ( frustrated ) hold the fuck up ! put cha ' glass down . put you fuckin clothes on . what the fuck be go on around here ?! seriously , what 's go on ?! suge approach dre put he hand on he shoulder . dre ( cont 'd ) ( to suge ) Nah Nah ... ( to room ) what the fuck be this shit . be this why we get money ? to act like we be not get no god damn sense ?! we could of do all this kind of dumb shit back in compton ! ( to the room ) this what you muthafuckas turn into !? seriously ! suge its okay , dre . the cop # 2 be on the couch with some street girl hold a champagne glass in she hand look at dre then over to suge , who 's laugh . dre this shit be stupid ! do ya will know what it take for we to get here . do y'all know what you doin ' ? y'all fuckin ' it up ! y'all fuck it up ! ( to off duty cop ) and what the fuck ya will do here ?! cop raise the glass . dre ( cont 'd ) really , ok ... 120 . suge ( laugh ) who fuckin ' shit up ! you trippin . we can do anything we want to do . we start this shit . this be we . dre Nah , nigga . death row be we . ( point around ) this other shit -- be you ! suge 's goons get in position . goon # 1 better watch ya mouth , blood . dre ' tha fuck you talk too ? goon # 2 ( dismissive ) nigga , you be not nothing but a producer around here . dre what the fuck ?!!! this send dre into orbit . he go after blood # 1 . the whole conference room jump in between they -- keep this two human pit bull from scrappin' . everybody jump but suge who amused by the whole thing -- puff on he cigar . dre be be hold back by the off duty . while goon # 1 be be hold back by goon # 2 and a few other . World War III avert for now . dre ( cont 'd ) get the fuck off I . dre break free and storm out . suge man do not even trip off this muthafucka . what he go to do ? where he go to go ? 113pt2 testarosa 113pt2 and just sit there , seethe . reaches in the back seat , grab a bottle of hennessey . take a swig ... then -- a sudden look of determination wash over he . he tear out into the street , tire squealing -- errrr ! 121. passing car , swerving , dre punch the gas , rpm max out . shift , fly through a intersection -- the needle pass 100 mph . keeps go , loving the release , the control ... a police cruiser , come the opposite direction , spot dre 's testarosa -- in a flash , they bang a U -turn , peel so fast , smoke cloud the night air -- on dre , distant police light now strobing off of he face from the rear view mirror . fuck ! think fast , he switch off he headlight . Hit the gas , needle bottome - out ! as he reach the next intersection , dre make a hard leave -- screech to a stop , tucking into a spot along the side of the road . shut off he car . wait , breathe fast , as -- dre ( to himself ) come on , come on , come -- the police cruiser barrel around the corner -- slam the brake ! two lapd officer fling open they door , gun levele at dre 's car ! eye wide , adrenaline coursing through he vein , chest heaving , dre grit he tooth . he 's stick ... and he know it . lapd officer 1 ( via loudspeaker ) Driver ! put you hand out of you window where we can see they ! now ! dre comply , reach he hand out of he window . the two officer carefully approach , gun at the ready . officer 2 slap the cuff on dre , regret immediately register on he face as we -- smash CUT to : 114 ext . jail - pasadena - establishing - day 114 Nicole hop out of she car and hurry into -- 115 int . jail - visiting area - day 115 dre and nicole sit across from each other , plexiglas between they , talk via phone receiver . nicole anybody else be here to see you , you so-called friend at death row ? 122. dre nope . you be the only one I wanna see anyway . she survey he , pain in he eye . nicole 112 day ? that do not even make sense . dre yeah , well ... that 's what happen when you violate you probation . they sit there , just be in the awkward , contrive moment . nicole you get one phone call and you call I ? dre ` Cause you be right . only other person that tell it to I like it be -- be my mom . so I know you care . she look at he , nod , dab at she wet eye . dre ( cont 'd ) I fuck up . but I have have a lot of time to think in here , and I promise you , thing be gonna be different from now on . that lie there a minute . then -- nicole you take care of yourself , Andre . she stand , head away ... and we see the reflexive disappointment on dre 's face before ... 116 int . eazy' norwalk house - bedroom - night 116 tomica and eazy lie in bed together . he stare at the ceiling , and she run she hand soothingly down he arm . eazy I feel like I do not know what I be doin ' anymore . I do not even know where the money 's go . tomica prop herself up on she elbow , look at he . 123. tomica I can help , you know . show I the file , the bill , the contract . I know the business , I know how it all work . let I look . baby , if you be feelin ' this way , Jerry 's not doin ' right by you . eazy put he arm around she , pull she close . they both lie there a little longer , just breathe . eazy okay . after New york. workin ' on that International distribution with Sony . Jerry do not know about that . I wanna keep it that way . tomica nod , smile . encourage he have a plan again . 117 ext . new york CITY - chelsea - night 117 establish manhattan , in winter , after hour . dirty snow on the sidewalk . cold -as-shit wind blow off the Hudson . a line of club kide on the 12th Avenue sidewalk , in front of the massive brick edifice of the legendary -- 118 int . tunnel nightclub - VIP - night 118 ice cube sit in a booth , surround by friend , label - exec , and hanger - on . it 's pretty clear that cube be a huge celebrity at this point . he even have some big , unsmile thug ( the lench mob ) stand close . cube , mid-conversation , suddenly stop talk ... because he sees that eazy -e be enter the VIP with 2 huge samoan , make he way over . cube ( to he crew ) head up y'all . this lil nigga might wanna do something . cube stand up -- ready for whatever . eazy and he bodyguard arrive at the booth . there 's a tense silence -- almost a stand off before anyone speak . everybody look to they , see how they be gonna react . after all , this two have diss each other , ferociously and publicly , for year . still , eazy give cube a friendly , vaguely submissive smile . eazy relax everybody . just come in the club -- hear you be over here . 124 . cube ( still ready ) yeah . I be over here . ( beat ) what you need ? eazy I do not need shit . out here with bone thug -- be just in the neighborhood . want to say wassup . the tension between the side ease up a bit , but not completely . they both stand there , neither sure what to say to the other . eazy ( cont 'd ) saw you movie . it be good . cube slowly smile . know that be not easy for eazy . cube think you say it be a after - school special . they both smile , laugh . give each other a pound . in truth , they miss each other . homie hug . eazy miss you , boy . cube miss you too , E. wish we could have work shit out . eazy guess it all happen like it be suppose to . you a movie star -- I be a music mogul . dre. well dre be trip right now , but he 's do he thang . just want to come over here and put something on you mind .. cube be curious . 119 int . tunnel nightclub - VIP - after hour 119 the club have mostly emptied out . only a few die-hard remain as we find cube and eazy slump over they table , loose with alcohol . the vibe be cool , friendly , like the old day . but we notice eazy have a subtle , persistent cough ... eazy I wish all that bullshit never happen between we . ( more ) 125 . eazy ( cont 'd ) definitely never want it to get physical -- we should have keep it on wax . cube never should have diss each other in the first place . make we fan choice between we . that be not cool . eazy yeah you right . ( after a few beat ) ever though we be go to be this big ? cube nope . I be reminisc with my wife the other day . what it feel like -- in the beginning . we be so young and ferocious . do music straight for the hood . try to be ghetto star ... I think I know everything back then -- but I do not know shit . eazy I neither . I be still try to figure this stuff out . one minute I be slangin ' in a crack house -- next thing I know , they invite I to the White House . cube laugh , shake he head . cube yeah . I get it . everything change so fast . feel like it be 20 year ago . if we be still together do you know how large we would be ? they both sit there , think about that shit , amaze . eazy you ever think about fuckin ' with some new nwa shit ? cube frown , contemplate for a moment . cube I would be lyin ' if I say I never think about it . eazy 's eye flash . that 's what he be hope to hear . 126 . eazy I too , cube . be thinkin ' about it a lot . ( beat ) be like 1989 again . we change the world forever . mothafuckas can never go back to that fake shit after we . it get no realer then nwa . no matter what ... after a quick think . cube if you can get dre to do it , I be in . but check this out homie -- I be not doin ' it if Jerry 's around . he do make enough off we . eazy I hear you . a employee walk by , push a broom , glaring at they . it 's time to go . they both stand up . cube cool . we do talk till the damn club close -- I get a car come . you need a ride back to you hotel ? eazy naw , I be cool . I wanna walk . cube ( really ? ) walk ? it 's cold as fuck Eric , this be not L.A. eazy I be good . hit I up later . another hug , this one last a little longer then normal . eazy do not say anything else . just head for the exit , without look back . cube watch he go off into the cold night ... 120 ext . new york street - night 120 eazy walk back to he hotel in the freezing cold , he hand jamme in he pocket . the wind blow mercilessly . eazy be shiver like crazy . but he keep walk . it 's a longer walk than he think . he try to hail a cab , but of course , none stop . he keep trudging along , he breath make cloud , through the lonesome pre-dawn City -- 127 . 121 ext . jail - day 121 dre emerge from the jail , shield he eye from the suddenly - blind sunshine . interestingly , this be the second time we have see he get pick up from jail . nicole be there , wait by she car . he wrap she in he arm , and they stand that way , together , for a long time . 122 int . jerry's house - kitchen - day 122 Jerry have the paper on the counter for eazy 's signature . but something 's different this time . eazy do not just sign . instead , he start gathering the papers into a pile . jerry wait , be not you gonna sign -- eazy I 'mma take this home with I . I will sign them . get them back to you in a couple day . Jerry look alarmed . jerry but this be how we have always do it . you have a lot on you plate Eric , there 's no need to add to it -- eazy it 's cool , Jerry . they be my bill , my check . I mean look , my name 's right there . eazy grin at Jerry , point to he name on the check . jerry I just wish we could do it here . I do not want anything to get misplace or lose -- eazy do not worry so much , Jerry . I can handle it . eazy pick up the pile of papers and head for the door . Jerry stare after he , visibly shake -- 123 int . eazy' norwalk house - night 123 tomica watch on as eazy finish reading the immaculately - organize paper she 's laid out for he . he put they down . 128. tomica you have to know the truth sometime . now you do . eazy cube try to warn I . so do dre. and I do not listen . I fuck up . and we stay with eazy a moment , reeling , piss .... 124 int . jerry's house - kitchen - later 124 eazy walk into they familiar meeting place to find Jerry slump at the table . jerry where the fuck have you be ? I have be call you -- Jerry glance down at the paper in eazy 's hand , see the flat look on eazy 's face ... and get it . jerry ( cont 'd ) so what be it , the groupie ? the executive assistant ? do she even go to college ? come on . you be smarter than that , Eric -- eazy this be not about tomica , Jerry . it 's about you . and you really gotta stop act like you never do anything wrong . jerry look , I know you be upset . but I would strongly advise you to take a breath , let I look at the paperwork -- Eric let out a low , rumbling laugh . eazy Jerry , for real ? you can stop givin ' I advice . as of , like , now . I be get nwa back together . it 's happen . but you be not gonna have nothing to do with it this time . Jerry 's voice start to raise in volume , desperation grow . jerry why would you say something like that ? you be not think straight . ( more ) 129 . jerry ( cont 'd ) I know what 's best for you , and for ruthless , and we have build a trust over year of hard work . that trust be we foundation , Eric . eazy laugh again , but this time ... the laugh deteriorate into a rag , hack cough . Jerry watch , concerned -- jerry ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? you do not look -- eazy trust . God damn , that 's a word . let I tell you something ' , Jerry . trust be a muthafucka . Jerry be now full - on yelling at Eric , who remain calm . jerry look , if what I have do be so illegal , why have I never be sue ? I be such a thief , such a liar , such a motherfucker , how come nobody 's come to collect ? this be business . this be how it work . it 's not always pretty , but all of it , everything I have put into this company , my whole life for all this year , it 's for you , Eric . eazy absorb this . then -- eazy you be fire , Jerry . Jerry , who be now bett -re , start to bellow with rage -- jerry goddammit , Eric ! this be not how we do thing ! this be a business and I will not let you -- but eazy 's already out the door . enrage , Jerry wipe he arm across the table send everything smashing onto the floor ! 125 int . dre' house - back yard - day 125 Long go be the day of the infamous Dr. dre pool party as dre and Nicole relax by the pool . dre 's huge , early - model cell phone ring from a table beside he . he pick it up -- dre hello ? after a short pause , a familiar , gravelly voice come on . 130 . eazy' voice wassup Andre , it 's Eric . dre 's eye widen . eazy 's the last person he ever expect to hear from . dre yeah ? wassup wit you ? intercut with : 126 int . eazy' norwalk house - back yard - continuous 126 chill by he modest pool , eazy look wear but determine . eazy just feel like callin ' -- dre be still vaguely mystify , at a loss . dre yeah . okay . ( beat ) wassup ? eazy you know . doin ' my thing . makin record . killin ' all that pussy out there . seat a few foot away from eazy , tomica roll she eye . eazy ( cont 'd ) how about you ? dre just makin ' track . eazy that snoop record you do be big . 850,000 copy in the first week ?! congratulation on the success of that . dre good lookin ' out . eazy well look , I know you be busy , but I talk to cube , and we be , like , talkin ' about some ... possibility . dre get up , walk around the edge of he pool , processing . 131 . eazy ( cont 'd ) and by the way , if you be not hear -- I be not fuckin ' with Jerry heller no more . nigga 's fire . something in that word cause dre to soften ... a bit . dre really . well it 's about time . he 's the reason why we break up . eazy listen man , I know everything get mess up and go the wrong way . I wish it do not . I wish we can go back to the day of skateland when we be all just young , hungry and ferocious . the world 's most dangerous group . before all the money and fame get between we . dre yeah I too - - cause I be not proud of all the shit I do , either . eazy look vaguely relieved dre say that . eazy so you think maybe , we can make something ' happen ? dre yeah , that 's sound cool -- let 's stay in touch . eazy Fair enough . they both hang up . eazy turn to tomica , big smile . eazy ( cont 'd ) everybody 's all in . nwa be back ! 127 int . eazy' norwalk house - makeshift studio - continuous 127 ren and yella work the kink out of a dope new beat -- tomica enter , eazy in tow , look a bit sluggish . superimpose : two month later ren wuddup , y'all . 132 . yella hey so , when be dre and cube gonna roll in here ? ren yeah , you know -- gettin ' kinda anxious to get this new shit goin' . eazy I do not know . hopefully soon . let 's just get ready . New nwa gonna change the game , just like back in the day -- ren no doubt . I get book of new shit -- eazy 's leg buckle . he lean on the board , wind -- yella yo , you alright , eazy ? eazy yeah . just. like . need some fresh air , something ' -- panic flash in he eye as he move toward the door , suddenly crumple to the floor , out cold -- tomica Eric ! they all hurry over to he -- 128 ext . los angele STREET - day 128 a ambulance blare through the night , run red light , hurtle toward the hulk edifice of cedar sinai -- 129 int . cedar - eazy' room - day 129 eazy lie in a propped - up hospital bed , watch tv . he do not look ill , just annoyed with the situation . tomica sit in a chair beside he , flipping through a magazine . a young doctor walk in , carry a chart . he look troubled , preoccupy . his eye dart from tomica ... to eazy . tomica you gonna say something ? be it a respiratory infection -- pneumonia ? 133. doctor yes , well , it be that thing ... and more , I be afraid ... we run a full blood battery and -- ( beat ) Mr. wright , I be sorry but you have test positive for the HIV virus . tomica reflexively stand , she hand over she mouth . eazy squint , smile , look at the Doctor like he 's crazy . eazy get the fuck outta here . doctor the normal t-cell count be anywhere between 500 and 1500 . right now , you t-cell count be ... 14. tomica just stand there , mouth agape , speechless . eazy 's smile slowly fade to a look of pure dread . eazy but I be not no faggot . doctor Mr. wright , there be actually quite a few way that the virus can be transmit -- eazy it 's wrong . no way . test I again . test my shit again -- doctor we have actually run the test five time , with five different sample ... and the result remain -- tomica suddenly let out a choke cry , run from the room . eazy watch she go , overwhelm , confuse ... and then , all at once , he get it . Voice tremble a little . eazy tomica . she 's pregnant . oh fuck . do that mean she -- doctor no . not necessarily . but we will need to test she , too . eazy so what do we do ? what 's the treatment ? let 's get start . ( more ) 134 . eazy ( cont 'd ) I get work to do . how long 's it gonna take to get I healthy again ? the Doctor look at eazy , struggle a bit . he pull up a chair , sit down next to the bed . doctor Mr. wright . you need to understand . you be very , very sick -- eazy but I do not even feel that bad ... doctor with treatment , and palliative care , we can probably keep you comfortable for ... maybe six month . at the very most . panic wash over eazy in a flood -- eazy comfortable ? what you mean comfortable ? six month !? doctor I be truly sorry , Mr. wright . eazy realize that he 's die . hard CUT to : 130 b-roll of a crowd outside of cedar sinai ( stock footage ) 130 reporter ( v.o. ) last week , the rap world be stunne to learn in a press conference hold by he lawyer , that eazy -e have be admit to cedar sinai Hospital in Los Angeles and diagnose as suffer from full - blow aids . 131 int . cube's house - continuous 131 we hear the stock footage continue over -- at home , sit on the couch with Kim and they kide , cube watch on , stunne . Kim kiss he , lean on he shoulder as they try to process the shock -- 135 . ron sweeney ( on tv ) eazy start get sick about a month ago but have not show sign of improvement , so he check into the hospital . they run extensive test and as a result we find out that ... he have what he have ... 132 ext . cedar - courtyard - day 132 outside the hospital , we see people have start to gather . about a dozen or so . they stand there quietly , shuffle around , stare up at the Hospital -- 133 int . cedar - eazy' room - the next day 133 tomica sit in a chair pull right beside eazy 's bed . they hold hand , look at each other . they have both be cry . eazy just glad you be okay . you and the baby . tomica take he hand , kiss it , cry . tomica no . we can beat this . together . eazy nod reassuringly , but you can see in he eye he do not believe it . eazy 's phone ring . he answer it . eazy yo. ren' voice ( filter ) eazy ! what the fuck , cuz ? people be sayin ' some crazy shit . like you get aids or somethin' ? can you believe that ? muthafuckin ' eazy -e get aids ? niggas be start too many rumor , huh ? silence . ren be hit with the reality as eazy turn off the phone -- stick it in the bedside table drawer . it 's pretty clear he 's never gonna turn it on again . tomica who be that ? eazy do not respond , just lie there , despondent . 136 . 134 ext . soundstage - video shoot - day 134 dre 's chill on a couch as nicole appear from around the corner hold a wireless phone -- nicole it 's for you . he grab the phone , lean it on he shoulder . dre what up . dre 's face contort with confusion as he listen ... 135 int . cedar - eazy' room - night 135 tomica and yella stand by eazy 's bedside . eazy look drain , depressed . various member of eazy 's family be also present . yella hold a cassette in he hand . yella it 's bone thug ' new lp . it 's good , Eric . it 's gonna be huge when it drop . everybody think so . want I to play it for you ? eazy put it on the table . I will listen later . thanks for stoppin ' through . hit you when I get outta here . yella nod sadly , place the cassette on the bedside table and exit . handwritten on the cover , it say bone . 136 int . cedar - eazy' room - the next day 136 tomica sit hold eazy 's hand , stare at he with haunt eye . ron sweeney stand in the background , along with eazy 's family . someone else be there now , too . a pastor . tomica I can not . that 's not the way it should happen . it 's not right -- eazy please . it 's gotta happen , baby . I be have my surgery tomorrow , so it have to happen now . because I might not . wake up . eazy 's clearly struggle to come to term with this . 137 . tomica do not say that . eazy it 's true , tomica . I gotta make this right . ron say it 's the only way to protect everything I build . tomica look to ron , who nod . she stare off into space , slowly shaking she head . her life have become a nightmare . tomica it 's so ... fuck up -- eazy hey . listen to I . it do not matter what people think . they do not know . they do not understand . there 's no other way . please . I know it 's not the way you picture it . you deserve better . he reach out , put he hand on she stomach . eazy ( cont 'd ) but if we do not do this , I will not be able to protect either of you . after look deep into eazy 's eye -- he need she . tomica okay . I love you , Eric . ron step forward , follow by the family , who gather around eazy 's bed . finally , the pastor , who smile kindly at they . pastor be we ready ? tomica and eazy nod they head yes . the pastor reach out , hold tomica 's hand in one hand , eazy 's hand in the other . pastor ( cont 'd ) tomica Woods , do you take Eric wright to be you lawfully wedd husband , to have and to hold ... tomica try not to cry , but it 's impossible . the tear flow , and all she can do be wipe they away . eazy will not stop look at tomica . like she 's the last thing he will ever see . 138. 137 ext . cedar - courtyard - night 137 outside the Hospital , the vigil have grow in size . there 's now about a hundre people stand outside . holding candle . many of they be cry . holding picture of eazy . 138 int . cedar - eazy' room - later 138 dre quietly enter the room , nobody in there except he and eazy . he walk to the bed . look down at he friend , whom he have not see in four year : eazy 's eye be close , a respirator do he breathe for he . note : the bone tape be still sit , untouched , on the bedside table . eazy never get a chance to listen to it . dre stand there , stare down , in this extend , surreal moment . he bend down , so he mouth be close to eazy 's ear . dre ( softly ) yo , eazy . wanna tell you somethin' . I know you can hear I . I know you be still in there -- we pull back , so we can't hear what dre be saying . and we will not hear it , because that 's between dre &amp ; eazy . after a few moment , dre stand up straight . whatever he have to say to eazy , he 's finish now . he walk to the door -- on he way out , he pass tomica as she 's come in . he look at she . then he look at the ring on she finger . walk away , without say a word ... 139 int . cedar - outside eazy' room - a short time later 139 a phalanx of police guard the front entrance , prevent the mob outside from get in . outside eazy' door , find cube sit in a chair . he spot dre walk out , look glaze . cube get up . they stand there look at each other . cube S 'up dre ? dre good to see you , cube . it 's be awhile . lot of water under the bridge . they finally step to each other , and hug quickly , intensely . 139 . cube you see he ? how he look ? dre he look the same -- like Eric just sleep . but he 's in a coma . get a machine breathe for he -- cube frown , look at the ground , pain . cube can not see he like that , man . this be bad . I ask one of he homy to call I when he wake up . dre nod , do not push it . he understand . as they exit together , they pass the Police Guards , in tight formation by the door , protect the Hospital . protect eazy . 140 ext . cedar - courtyard - later 140 more people keep arrive to the vigil . a steady flow . they all stare up at the Hospital , watch , wait . the crowd stretch far in all direction , clogging the street -- 141 int . cube's house - bedroom - day 141 cube lie on the bed with Kim , watch tv . the phone ring on the bedside table . cube stare at it -- 142 ext . dre' house - porch - day 142 phone to he ear , dre listen a while , nod , face desolate . seat beside he , Nicole rub he back , consol she man . dre okay . dre hang up . look over to Nicole . dre ( cont 'd ) he 's go . she hug he tight as we -- 143 ext . los angele - everywhere - day into night 143 a moment of quiet beauty . a time - lapse of the magnificent City of Los Angeles . from hazy , sun - blast morning , to a explosively - hued sunset , into the electricity of night . we hear eazy' voice , one last time , through some of the final word he release to he fan . 140 . the tide on the beach rise and fall . Endless vehicle swarm the freeways like teeming blood vessel in vein . Cloud race across the sky like a avalanche , a river -- 144 int . death row record - day 144 dre stride down the lipstick red hallway , line with platinum record , a determine look on he face . enter -- the conference room to find suge , look confuse , sit at the end of the long conference table . he 's wear another absurd red-devil suit , fedora , gold watch on a chain , flanke by a couple of jack - up blood . and he dog be still by he side . suge what 's the urgency , dre ? dre I be out , man . I be out of death row . suge you be not make any sense . death row and Dr. dre be one in the same . you can not just up and go . dre do not avoid suge 's gaze . he look right at he . dre gonna do my own thing now . start fresh . nobody to answer to but myself . it 's time , suge . suge you be one stupid muthafucka . you just gonna throw away all this money ? ` Cause if you leave , everything we create be mine . suge start to breathe hard through he nose . he 's piss . dre what we create ? ha -- well you can have it . suge you be not takin nobody with you . death row stay death row . and if you even think about touch my money ? you know how I handle shit . Blue Rev. ( 9/15/14 ) 141. dre do what you gotta do . I be still out . suge you be not gettin none of it . dre I do not give a fuck -- you can not put a price on peace of mind . so you can keep the artist , the money , the master and the bullshit . I be startin ' my own thing . suge stand there , huge , scary . he stare cold dagger into dre 's eye , but dre refuse to look away . suge finally nod . something soften in he . suge what you gonna call it ? dre grin . dre aftermath . dre walk away , smile as -- straight outta compton kick in and we see the people and thing that have be impact by nwa . we begin with all the thing that make nwa possible . we will end with all the thing that nwa make possible . a little something we like to call ... 145 nwa hisotry : 145 * before final credit ... * we will see the actual real life member of n.w.a. in all of * they glory back in the day , chronicle what they go on to * do , and culminate with a picture of nwa , stare menacingly at the camera . the most dangerous band in the world . fade out .