stranger on a train by Raymond Chandler and czenzi ormonde final draft October 18 , 1950 convert to pdf by screentalk for educational purpose only www.screentalk.org fade in : ext . union station , WASHINGTON , D.C. day long shot the capitol dome in the b.g. and the automobile entrance to the station in the f.g. low camera activity of car and taxi arrive and discharge passenger with luggage , busy redcap , etcetera . we focus on a taxi pull up and stop , the driver hand out modest look luggage , include a bunch of tennis racket in case to a redcap . camera pan down as the passenger get out of the taxi so that we see only he shoe and the lower part of he trousers . he be wear dark color brogue and a conservative suit apparently . the foot move toward , the entrance to the station and out of scene . immediately a chauffeur- drive limousine drive up and a expensive place of airplane luggage be hand out of this , and the passenger alight from the back be see to be wear black and white sport shoe which , as before , be all we see of he . the sport shoe start off in the wake of the brogue . int . station lobby camera follows the sport shoe and the brogue across the lobby into a passenger tunnel . there be the usual activity of passenger walk to and from , a loud-speaker announce train , etc . ext . passenger tunnel as the brogue and the sport shoe emerge to the train platform , camera pan they over to the step of the train . int . train the brogue and the sport shoe pass separately down the aisle , the sport shoe turn in at a compartment door and the brogue continue toward the parlor car . dissolve to : int . parlor car ( process ) the brogue come to rest before a chair as the owner sit down . a moment later the sport shoe come to rest . before in adjoin chair . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 2. the leg belong to the sport shoe stretch out , and one of the shoe touch one of the brogue . man' voice ( over scene ) oh , excuse me! camera pull back and up to show two young man seat in two parlor car chair . brun0 ANTHONY , the wearer of the sport shoe , be about twenty - five . he wear he expensive clothes with the tweedy nonchalance of a young man who have always have the best . the wearer of the brogue be a fine look but , at the moment , a somewhat troubled young man . this be guy haine . he , too , be in he middle twenty and be well dress because he can now afford to be . he nod politely , acknowledge bruno 's apology , then turn away with the gesture imply he want privacy . bruno ( smile with sudden recognition ) I beg you pardon , but be not you guy haine . guy nod with a polite half smile . be a well know tournament tennis player , he have have this sort of experience before . bruno ( snap he finger ) sure ! I see you blast faraday right off the court in South Orange last season . what a backhand ! make the semi-finals , do not you ? guy acknowledge this with a modest nod and turn to he magazine roll up in be fist . bruno ( with open admiration ) I certainly admire people who do thing . ( smile and introduce himself ) I be bruno Anthony . bruno . see guy look up . bruno indicate he gold tie pin which bear he name in cut - out letter . guy look at it with the faintest expression of disdain . I suppose you think it 's corny . but my mother give it to I so of course I wear it to please she . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 3. guy ( patiently ) ( a faint smile ) how do you do . bruno ( with a apologetic grin ) I do not usually talk so much . go ahead and read . guy ( wryly ) thanks . guy try to read but be uneasily aware of bruno 's open appraisal . bruno it must be pretty exciting to be so important . guy ( fidget slightly ) a tennis player be not so important . bruno people who do thing be important . I never seem to do anything . not know how to answer this , guy look a little embarrassed . bruno ( still insistent on be friendly ) I suppose you be go to southampton -- for the double . guy ( politely ) you be a tennis fan . bruno be inordinately pleased by this small tribute . bruno wish I could see you play . but I have get to be back in Washington tomorrow . I live in Arlington , you know . he have take out a cigarette case . hold it out to guy . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 4. bruno cigarette ? guy not now , thanks . I do not smoke much . bruno I smoke too much . he fumble for a match . guy bring out a lighter and hand it to bruno . bruno thanks . ( he stare at the lighter , impressed ) elegant . close shot of the lighter show that it have the insignia of cross racket emboss on it , and underneath be engrave the inscription : " to G from a " . bruno' voice ( read ) to G from a . Bet I can guess who a be . wider shot guy react sharply . guy ( coldly ) yes ? bruno Anne burton . sometimes I turn the sport page and look at the society news . and the picture . she 's very beautiful , Senator burton 's daughter . guy you be quite a reader , Mr. Anthony . bruno yes , I be . ask I anything , from today 's stock report to li'l abner , and I get the answer . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 5. bruno ( cont 'd ) even news about people I do not know . like who would like to marry whom when he wife get she divorce . guy ( sharply ) perhaps you read too much . bruno ( contritely ) there I go again . too friendly . I meet someone I ' like and open my yap too wide . I be sorry ... at the appeal on bruno 's face , guy slowly relent . guy that 's all right . forget it . I guess I be pretty jumpy . bruno smile with and signal a waiter . bruno there 's a new cure for that . ( to waiter ) scotch and plain water . a pair . double. ( to guy with a chuckle ) only kind of double I play . guy you will have to drink both of they . bruno ( grin ) and I can do it . ( move in ) when 's the wedding ? guy what ? bruno the wedding . you and Anne burton . ( a gesture of explanation ) it be in the papers . guy it should not have be . unless they have legalize bigamy overnight . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 6. bruno I have a theory about that . I would like to tell you about it some time . but right now I suppose divorce be still the simple operation . the waiter have bring the drink . bruno slip the lighter into hip pocket to free he hand for the bill which he give to the waiter , wave away the change . he offer a glass to guy . guy take it . guy ( as if he need it ) I guess I will . bruno ( happily ) this be wonderful -- have you company all the way to New York . guy ( force to explain ) as a matter of fact , I be not go direct . I be stop off . at metcalf . bruno metcalf ? what would anybody want to go there for ? guy it 's my home town . bruno oh , I get it ! a little talk with you wife to about the divorce ! I suppose she be the girl next door . held she hand in high school and before you know it -- hook ! ( proud of he perspicacity ) be I right ? guy ( laconically ) Close enough . bruno ( raise he glass ) well , here 's luck , guy . drink up -- then we will have some lunch send to my compartment . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 7. guy thanks very much . but I think I will go to the dining car . ( he hail a waiter who be pass through with a food - laden tray ) do you know if there be any vacant seat in the dining car now ? waiter not for about twenty minute I be afraid , Sir . bruno ( pleased ) see ? you will have to lunch with I . ( motion the waiter back ) say , waiter , bring I some lamb chop and french fries and chocolate ice cream , compartment D , car 121 . ( turn to guy ) what will you have , guy ? guy thanks just the same , but I really do not think -- bruno oh , go on and order . the waiter be hover impatiently . guy give in out of embarrassment . guy well , I will just have a hamburger and a cup of coffee . bruno ( delighted , lift he glass in another toast ) to the next Mrs. haine . guy nod curtly . dissolve to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 8. int . bruno' compartment on train ( process ) bruno and guy be finish lunch . bruno have be drink and he eye be bright and feverish . a almost empty liquor bottle be near a couple of detective novel cover with gaudily illustrate dust jacket . bruno have in unlight cigarette in he mouth . guy 's lighter be on the table . bruno snap it a couple of time , as though fascinate , light he cigarette and put the lighter on the table again . bruno sure , I go to college . Three of they . every time they kick I out my father throw I back in . ( bitterly ) he finally give up . he think I be awfully small fry , not worth the bait . ( wistfully ) you my friend , guy ? guy sure . I be you friend , bruno . bruno ( a little woozy ) no , you be not , nobody think I be anything special . only my mother . ( empty the bottle into he glass ) my father hate I . guy smile this off as nonsense . guy you must be imagine thing . bruno ( hit the bottom of the bottle for the last drop ) and I hate he . he think I ought to catch the eight - five bus every morning , punch a timeclock and work my way up sell paint or something . him -- with all he money ! guy ( amused by bruno ) well , what do you want to do ? bruno you mean before or after I kill he ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 9. guy ( chuckle ) before , of course . bruno ( lean forward eagerly ) I want to do everything . I get a theory you be suppose to do everything before you die . have you ever drive a car , blindfolded , at a hundred and fifty mile a hour ? guy not lately . bruno I do . I fly in a jet plan too . ( he hand trace a swift streak through the air , and he add sound effect ) Zzzzzzzp ! man , that 's a thrill ! almost blow the sawdust out of my head . I be go to make a reservation on the first rocket to the moon ... guy ( amused and curious ) what be you try prove ? bruno I be not like you , guy . you be lucky . you be smart . marry the boss 's daughter be a nice short cut to a career , be not it ? guy ( quickly ) marry the senator 's daughter have nothing to do with it . can not a fellow look past a tennis not without be a goldbricker ? bruno take it easy , boy . I be you friend , remember ? I would do anything for you . guy ( humoring bruno ) sure , bruno , sure . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 10 . guy ( cont 'd ) ( glance at he watch ) we will be pull in soon . I have get to change train . bruno what would you say she name be -- you wife 's ? guy Miriam . bruno that 's it . Miriam Joyce haine . play around a lot , I suppose ? guy let 's not talk about it any more . bruno ( almost hopefully ) maybe she will make more trouble for you . guy I do not think so . bruno you mean you get enough on she to get you divorce no matter what ? guy let 's change subject , bruno , can not we ? bruno okay , guy . want I to tell you one of my idea for murdering my father ? guy ( indicate the detective novel ) you have be read too many of this . bruno ( go right on ) you want to hear about the bust light socket in the bathroom , or the carbon monoxide in the garage ? guy no . I may be old fashioned , but I think murder be against the law . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 11. bruno but not against the law of nature . my theory be that everybody be a potential murderer . do not you ever want to kill somebody ? say one of that useless fellow Miriam be run around with ? guy you can not go around kill people just because you think they be useless . bruno oh , what 's a life or two ? some people be bitter off dead , guy . take you -- wife and my father , for instance . it remind I of a wonderful idea have once . I use to put myself to sleep at night -- figure it out . now , let 's say you want to get rid of you wife . guy why ? bruno let 's say she refuse to give you a divorce -- ( raise a finger and stop guy 's protest ) let 's say . you would be afraid to kill she because you would get catch . and what would trip you up ? motive . now here 's the plan ... guy I be afraid I have not time to listen . bruno ( ignore the remark ) it 's so simple , too . a couple of fellow meet accidentally , like you and I . no connection between they at all . never see each other before . each of they have somebody he would like to get rid of , but he can not murder the person he want to get rid of . he will get catch . so they swap murder . guy swap murder ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 12. bruno each fellow do the other fellow 's murder . then there be nothing to connect they . the one who have the motive be not there . each fellow murder a total stranger . like you do my murder and I do yours . guy ( with relief ) we be come into my station . bruno for example , you wife , my father . criss -cross . guy ( sharply ) what ? bruno ( with a smile ) we do talk the same language -- do not we , guy ? guy ( prepare to leave ) sure , we talk the same language . thanks for the lunch . bruno ( beam ) I be glad you enjoy it . I think the lamb chop be a little overdo myself . he hold out he hand . guy be in a hurry but he shake hand . guy Nice meeting you , bruno . bruno ( detain he at the door ) you think my theory be okay , guy ? you like it ? guy sure , sure , bruno . they be all okay . ( he salute a quick goodbye and hurry away ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 13. Left alone , bruno pick up guy 's lighter from the table , start to call guy back to hand it to he . then he look closer at the insignia of cross tennis racket . bruno ( smile ) criss -cross . dissolve to : a wide view of the town of metcalf metcalf railroad station as the train come in . the train station platform mo . shot as guy get off the with he suitcase and tennis racket . a baggage man with baggage truck be pass . guy hi , Bill . baggage man ( smile ) guy haine ! good to too you , boy . you be sure to win at southampton tomorrow , hear I ? I have get two dollar on you nose . guy ( indicate he suitcase and racket ) then park this in a lucky spot for a few hour , will you ? baggage man sure thing . he load they onto a truck . dissolve to : int . metcalf STREET long shot guy be walk up the main street . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 14. ext . music shop typical music shop of a small town , with plate glass window and display of radio , record , sheet music , etc . activity of a couple of customer and salespeople inside . guy come along the street and go into the shop . int . music shop as guy enter . there be the usual counter and shelf , pianos and radio on display , and the sound of a piano be tune in the back of the store . miriam be finish with a customer at a counter . mr. hargreave , the manager , be busy at the shelf . another girl clerk be serve a customer . in one of the glass cubicle where record be try out , a customer be play symphonic music ; in a second glass cubicle another customer be listen to a record of popular music . a third cubicle be empty . activity of the street be see through the plate glass front . guy walk straight to Miriam , just as she be finish with she woman customer , hand over a small package . miriam ( take money from customer ) even change . thank you , madam . ( she look up at guy as the woman move off ) well -- hello , guy . guy you be look well , Miriam . Miriam 's face be pretty because it be still young . she be self - center and inclined to be vindictive . she wear harlequin glass with myopic lense which tend to make she eye look small . miriam so be you . you have get a nice tan , play tennis with all you rich friend . guy ( ignore the remark ) what time do we meet you lawyer ? miriam ( sly little smile ) what 's you hurry ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 15 . guy my hurry ? that 's funny , come from you ! you be the one who 's in a hurry , be not you ? miriam ( coyly ) when you would not give I the divorce right away , I sort of hope it be because you be a little bit jealous . guy ( bite ) I get over be jealous , a long time ago Miriam . Miriam 's eye slide toward the other girl clerk who have move closer , within listen range . miriam ( indicate empty glass cubicle ) let 's talk in there . guy follow Miriam across to the empty room . Miriam have bring she purse along . they enter . int . cubicle once inside , the sound of the music play from other part of the shop be hear but very faintly . the piano tuning still go on , but less stridently . Miriam and guy be coope together in the close quarter . miriam ( intimately ) now this be cosier . sort of like old time , be not it , guy ? guy ( coldly ) oh , skip it , Miriam . it 's pretty late to start flirt with a discard husband . especially when you be go to have another man 's baby . miriam do you know , I think you be handsomer than ever ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 16. guy let 's see you lawyer and get this over with . miriam do you bring the money , guy ? lawyer be expensive . guy ( take money from he wallet ) here it be . miriam ( take the money greedily ) if I would know what all that tennis nonsense of yours be go to lead to , I would not have run out on you . guy what be you try to say , Miriam ? come out with it . miriam ( tucking the bill away ) I be not get a divorce . guy ( tense and angry ) why , you little doublecrosser . I do not want this divorce , you do . that 's what you have be harping about for the past year . miriam it 's a woman 's privilege to change she mind ... now I can shop for some pretty clothes . I would not want you to be ashamed of I in Washington when we go to all that dinner and swanky party . guy and what do you mean by that ? miriam ( coyly ) do not look so mad , guy . you always smile when you picture be be take for the papers . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 17 . miriam ( cont 'd ) especially when you have Anne burton hang on you arm . guy let 's not talk about Anne burton . miriam so , it 's really serious between you two ? well , you can throw you dream about she into the ashcan . guy , I be come to Washington . guy what for ? miriam to have my baby and be with you . guy why I ? it 's not my baby . miriam but people do not know that , guy , do they ? it would make a pretty story , would not it -- the senator 's daughter involved with a marry man who 's about to become a father . guy ( furiously ) you black connive little liar ! a few people in the shop look around as guy 's voice rise above the sound of the record play . miriam keep you voice down . guy what happen ? do he run out on you ? miriam no man run out on I . not even you . guy you be a liar and a cheat , Miriam . you have want to get rid of I long enough and now I will go you one better -- I never want to see or hear of you again . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 18. miriam ( demurely ) I could be very pathetic as the desert little mother in a courtroom , guy . think it over . who would believe you ? guy seize she angrily and in so do , knock the tone arm across the record with a loud screech . from outside we can see head turn . Mr. hargreaves , the manager , be very disturb . mo . shot through glass partition from hargreave ' viewpoint we see guy grip Miriam 's arm and apparently address she in a threaten manner , although we do not hear he word . the smile have fade from Miriam 's face and something like cring fear have take its place . she be draw and tense and seem to cower beneath guy 's rage . Mr. hargreaves move forward and open guy 's tirade . guy ... that 's what should happen to people like you . and if I ... hargreave ( interrupt ) break it up , folk . this be not the place for a family quarrel . guy ( he eye blaze ) sorry . I be leave . he start to exit from the booth . Miriam grab he arm and scream at he : miriam ( yell like a fishwife ) you hear what I say , guy haine . you can not throw I away like a old shoe . I be come to Washington to have my baby . tell that to the senate ! guy stride out of the store , the manager and a few customer turn around in surprise . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 19 . the two customer in other booth , see the quarrel , open they door simultaneously and Miriam 's tirade be climax by a cacophony of noise , a big symphony , loud hot music , and the apparently unaware piano tuner . ext . MAIN STREET metcalf shoot toward station guy be stride along angrily . he come to the same intersection and the same cop . the officer make a friendly gesture , be if he would like to talk awhile , but guy stride past he without notice . ext . metcalf station ( process ) guy come into the scene , cross to a row of public telephone booth , enter one . Inside the telephone booth , he dump some loose change on the shelf , stick a nickel in the telephone , speak into it . guy Long distance . ( a pause ) I want Washington , D. C . the number be Republic 0800 . person to person . miss Anne burton . another pause , very long . guy be very restless . he dig a cigarette out of he pocket and stick it in he mouth , then look through he pocket for he lighter , do not find it . he look puzzle , but about that time the operator speak to he . guy ( continue ) right . guy pick coin up off the shelf and drop they into the telephone , then wait . he shift the receiver and fumble in he other jacket pocket , then turn to the phone . guy ( tautly , into phone ) Anne , -- Anne darling . yes , I be in metcalf -- ( get a grip on himself ) no , everything do not go smoothly . she do not want a divorce , not now .... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 20 . int . burton live room anne burton be a beautiful , high -spirite and well - breed young woman . the smile on she face he fade to anxiety as she listen over the telephone which be on the desk . anne ( after a pause then with unpleasant realization ) another man 's child ! but she can not do that to you , guy -- it 's unbelievable -- it 's , it 's evil ! ( she listen , then calmly ) yes , I know how you must feel . ( pause ) but you sound so savage . back to guy in telephone booth guy ( furiously ) sure I sound savage . I feel savage . I would like to break she neck ! ( a pause , then raise he voice ) I say I would like to break she foul , poisonous , useless little neck ! ( the connection be bad and he strain to hear ) what 's that ? meantime the noise of a through train have be heard , and the horn on a streamliner locomotive . it have come up very fast , it be now almost to the station . guy rise he voice and yell into the telephone . his voice fight the roar of the train : guy I say I could strangle her ! the expression on he face be frenzied and suggest that he mean exactly what he be say . dissolve to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 21. int . ANTHONY live room the scene open on a closeup of a man' hand . one of they be semi-flexed and turn slowly , the other be receive the final touch of a manicure . camera pull back to reveal that this be bruno 's hand , and that , he be study they moodily , camera pull back farther to reveal he mother , mrs . ANTHONY , sit opposite he at a little table in the Anthony live room . she be work with scissors , file and nail buffer . Mrs. Anthony be a gentle , once pretty woman , whose pastel exterior harbor a tigress - like determination to protect she son , bruno be in he robe and be unshaven . there be evidence of long establish wealth in the heavy dark appointment of this room . mrs . ANTHONY since you insisted on a manicure , dear , I do wish you would keep you hand quiet . you be so restless lately . bruno ( almost dreamily as he admire the free hand ) I like they to look just right . Mrs . Anthony look up , notice he moody expression . mrs . ANTHONY do I file they too short ? bruno no , ma . they look fine . thanks . mrs . ANTHONY then what 's the matter ? bruno I be all right , ma . do not worry about I . mrs . ANTHONY you look so pale , dear . be you out of vitamin ? bruno I buy a bottle of they yesterday . a whole fifth . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 22. mrs . ANTHONY ( anxiously ) but you have that ' look ' . I can always tell . you have not get into any more mischief , bruno ? he deny this with a slow , solemn shake of he head . mrs . ANTHONY I do hope you have forget about that silly little plan of yours ? bruno ( sharply ) which one ? mrs . ANTHONY ( smile ) about blow up the White House ? bruno ( he eye dance ) I be only kid , ma. besides , what would the president say ? mrs . ANTHONY ( laugh gaily ) you be a naughty boy , bruno . but you can always make I laugh . ( she rise ) now get shave , dear , before you father get home . bruno 's fist crash down on the little table , upsetting it , as he get to he foot . bruno I be sick and tired of bow and scraping to the king . mrs . ANTHONY ( placate he ) now , now , let 's not lose control . come see my painting , dear -- ( she lead he toward a easel ) I do wish you would take up painting . it 's such a soothing pastime . they look at the painting . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 23. insert the painting be a horrible mess . out of the violence of the pattern a man 's face can be discern , wild - eye and distort . we hear laughter from bruno . back to scene bruno 's roar of laughter puzzle Mrs. Anthony , but she be pleased to hear he good humor . he put a arm around she . bruno you be wonderful , ma ! it 's the old boy , all right . that 's father ! mrs . ANTHONY ( bewilder ) it be ? I be try to paint Saint Francis . at this moment there be the sound of the front door open . then immediately the telephone bell ring in the hall . bruno be instantly alert , as if he have be expect a call . he go toward the door to the hall , as the butler enter . butler ( to bruno ) they be ready with you call to southampton , Sir . bruno 's father mr . ANTHONY , purposefully enter the live room . he a impeccably dress business man with a uncompromising eye . his entrance momentarily block bruno 's exit . mrs . ANTHONY ( to she husband ) how nice that you be early , Charles . I will tell cook .... bruno now exit into the hall , pass he father without speak . mr. ANTHONY just a minute , Eunice . ( call after bruno ) bruno ! come here ! I want to talk to you and you mother . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 24. int . hall close shot bruno as he approach the telephone . bruno ( call back to he father ) sorry father . Long distance . ( he pick up the telephone ) hello ... camera move in to a big head closeup of bruno at the telephone as the voice of he mother and father can be hear from the other room . mr. anthony' voice now it 's hit and run drive ! and you know about it all the time ! bruno ( eagerly into phone ) guy ? ( pause ) bruno , bruno Anthony . mr. anthony' voice you be go to protect he once too often . after all we do have a responsibility to society . bruno give a look in he father 's direction , before he speak into the telephone in a low voice . bruno I just want to ask how you make out with Miriam . int . locker room of tennis club close shot guy at telephone guy ( puzzle ) what ? ( listen ) metcalf ? who would you say you be ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 25 . closeup bruno bruno ( sotto voce ) bruno , guy. bruno Anthony . do not you remember ? on the train . the voice of Mr. and Mrs. Anthony can still be hear in dispute as bruno listen at phone : mrs . ANTHONY I never permit it ! bruno give a significant look in direction of the live room as he speak into the phone . bruno ( softly ) be you get you divorce ? mr. anthony' voice I tell you he should be send somewhere for treatment before it 's too late . bruno ( into phone , with satisfaction ) so she double - cross you ! be you go to see she again ? the phone click in bruno 's ear . he look hurt for a instant , then replace the receiver . bruno listen to he father off scene and he expression become more enigmatic . mr. anthony' voice I tell you , Eunice , I be go to have that boy put away if it 's the last thing I do ! bruno look off in direction of he farther 's voice with a expression which say , " crow while you can , you have not much time . " he reach into he pocket , bring out guy 's cigarette lighter and as he flick it on and off . dissolve to : ext . metcalf station long shot day this be the same shot we see when guy arrive in metcalf . we see the station and one of the main street beyond the station . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 26. long shot a nearer view we see the train come around the curve . again this be just the same angle that we use for guy . it come to a stop in the foreground and we see bruno alight onto the platform . he look about he for a moment and then stroll away in the direction of the town . he approach the row of telephone booth . ext . station close shot we see bruno enter the small booth and start to glance through the telephone directory . insert telephone directory bruno 's finger run down the name until it stop at : Joyce , Miriam haine . 2420 metcalf Avenue . a residential STREET in metcalf long shot it be now much later . it be beginning to get dark , and the street light be on . in the far distance we see a local bus approach . mo . shot shoot down onto a small seat by a bus stop , we see bruno with a open newspaper in front of he . it be hold up as he read it . closeup bruno be glance over the top of the paper . long shot from he viewpoint we see a typical frame house . the upper window be light as be the lower one as well . a woman be sit in a rocker on the front porch . this be mrs . joyce , Miriam 's mother . she have white hair . a woman come along the street and pause as she get to Mrs. Joyce . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 27. woman ( call out as she pass ) hello Mrs. Joyce . warm , be not it ? mrs . joyce that it be . woman I have be read where you son - in - law 's be come right along at tennis . mrs . joyce ( sourly ) we do not have any interest in tennis any more . the neighbor pass on . close up bruno , still glance over the top of he paper . long shot again from bruno 's viewpoint , we see Miriam 's house . at this moment the front door swing open , emit a long streak to bright light . we see the silhouette of a woman emerge , follow by two other man . they be laugh and joke . suddenly they look up the street . at this very moment the bus pull up in front of bruno 's view , cut off the sight of he quarry . the bus come to a stop . close shot bruno rise in alarm and move around toward the end of the bus so that he shall not lose sight of the girl come out of the house . semi -long shot from he viewpoint , the girl , whom we now see be Miriam , be run follow by the two young man . they be call for the bus not to go - shouting , " hi - stop ! " Mrs. Joyce call from the porch : mrs . joyce do not you stay out too late , Miriam . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 28. miriam ( call back ) goodnight , mother . see you later . close up bruno watch Miriam . mo . shot Miriam come nearer and nearer to bruno . with she two companion she brushes past he and jump onto the bus . the camera pan bruno after they . ext . amusement park long shot we see the bus pull up outside the amusement Park , and the various passenger alight . this include Miriam no she companion , and bruno . long shot nearer view of the amusement park we see the usual midway with its various concession on each side : in the distance the ferris wheel , merry - go-round , etc. , and beyond that a lake . in the foreground we see people fill in and out . dissolve to : mo . long shot a group by a frozen custard stand this group comprise Miriam and she two boy-friend . they lick they way out of the crowd and debate between themselves where to go next . close shot Miriam 's eye catch the attention of something off screen . semi -long shot from she viewpoint we see bruno stand and casually watch she . other people pass around and in front of he , so that he be the only immobile figure . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 29 . semi-closeup Miriam , with a kind of coy consciousness , turn away with the other and they go on to some other concession . mo . shot as bruno start to advance in the direction of Miriam he be momentarily hold up by a small boy in cowboy uniform carry a gun and a balloon . the small boy point the gun at bruno . semi-close up the small boy point the gun fire it twice with a couple of ' bang ! ' he then start to move off . semi-close up bruno move on past the boy . he casually touch the balloon with he cigarette end -- it go off with a ' pop ' . close up the small boy turn and look with dismay at he prick balloon , wonder what happen . semi-close up bruno move on , pleased with himself , return he attention to Miriam who be somewhere ahead of he . medium shot Miriam and she two boy-friend by the sledge hammer concession where the aim be to swing the hammer hard enough down onto its target to ring the bell and register the 100 mark . Miriam be in the foreground of the shot . the first boy step up to try he hand . as he swing , Miriam turn and glance about she , obviously look for bruno . long shot from miriam viewpoint the crowd milling , but no sign of bruno . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 30 . medium shot the first boy have fail to ring the bell , the second stop up and slam the hammer down . close shot the register shoot up only to the hallway mark . close shot miriam she look a little disdainful and again glance around for bruno . look first to she leave where she see nothing , she then look to she right , and as she do the camera pan to show bruno stand right it she shoulder . Miriam give a little start . bruno smile at she . with a smirk he walk over and after pay he fee , go to take up the hammer . close up miriam she watch bruno . close shot bruno look down at he hand . insert bruno 's two strong hand - as he hold they palm tilt upward and finger curl in . close up bruno , as he smile faintly , glance across at Miriam . close up miriam she give a faint smile in return . close shot with a study movement , bruno pick up the handle of the hammer and swing . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 31. close shot the register shoot up to the 100 mark and ring the bell . medium shot bruno drop the hammer and glance around at Miriam again . her two boy-friend be call for she from a little distance . boy' voice come on , Miriam . come on ! close shot miriam she turn away and be lose in the crowd . medium shot over bruno' shoulder at merry - go round in background bruno turn to follow Miriam , he manner casual . as he take a few step , we pan across with he until , over he shoulder , we see a merry - go-round in the background . Miriam and the two boy be aboard and climb onto horse . as bruno go toward the merry - go-round , the camera move up a little with he . the merry - go-round start to move slowly round as bruno hop on . medium shot on merry-go-round bruno begin to look around for Miriam , who be apparently on the other side of the merry - go-round . he start to thread he way through the horse which be beginning to move up and down . camera following he . he pass one or two of the oncoming head before he reach Miriam . she be on a outside mount which be high in the air when she see bruno face she . her laughter die for a moment and she smile at he coyly . bruno pass she and get on the horse directly behind she , Miriam glance at he as she horse come down . medium shot bruno on horse with horse 's head in foreground , as it be come toward we . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 32. side view miriam Miriam on she horse , move from leave to right . Miriam , hold the rein , glance back with a gay laugh . side view bruno bruno on he horse , as though he be chase Miriam . he be a little more open now in he laughter . group shot miriam and two boy Miriam and she boy friend begin to sing the song be play on the calliope . close up miriam as she start to sing , she glance back . close up bruno he be start to join in the sing . medium shot the horse of the merry - go-round be fill the screen as they whizz by , and again we get the picture of bruno chase Miriam as they rush past the camera , the music and tempo at a high speed . lap dissolve to : exterior of boat landing on shore of artificial lake across the water may be see a small wood island . between this and the boat landing there be a artificially construct " tunnel of Love " . we see Miriam and she companion approach the boat concession and camera follows they onto the little landing stage . camera move up slowly over the boy 's shoulder until we get miriam in close up . she glance back . her expression change to a coy smile of satisfaction as she see : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 33. medium shot ( from miriam viewpoint ) bruno be approach the pay box . medium shot Miriam and she companion be escort to a small boat with electric motor . once they be seat the boat chug away from the landing stage and off into the darkness . bruno step into the foreground and get into the next boat which float alongside . he , too , move away into the darkness . entrance to the tunnel as Miriam 's boat pass through , she give another little glance over shoulder before she boat disappear into the darkness of the tunnel . after a brief moment bruno 's boat come into the picture , and it , too , go into the tunnel . inside the tunnel we see the silhouettes of the occupant of Miriam 's boat on the wall of the tunnel , light dimly from the light come from the tunnel exit . the silhouette of bruno in he boat , light by the tunnel entrance , gradually approach the other three . when the silhouettes be almost touch , we -- CUT to : exit of the tunnel it be empty . there be a sudden pierce scream from inside , follow after a second or two by protestation and giggle as Miriam 's boat emerge into the light . she be push one of the boy away from she . miriam ( squealing ) George , stop it , I tell you ! they boat move out of the picture , toward the island . presently bruno 's boat come smilingly follow and he , too , move on out of the picture . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 34. medium shot island the group of Miriam and she companion be scramble out of they boat and move onto the island , one of the boy try the boat on the shore . they disappear into the Woods of the island . again bruno 's boat come into the picture . he step out , lift the prow of the boat a little onto the shore . long shot island we see the amusement park light beyond the lake . silhouett in the foreground , the tree and foliage of the island . nearby we see the silhouett figure of Miriam and she companion move across the scene , right to leave . Miriam be push George away from she . miriam ( protest perfunctorily ) George , no ! she back away from he and the boy go on picture . Miriam go in another direction , around , the bush . George obviously miss she , for we hear he voice call out : george' voice Miriam ! Miriam back out of the bush until the back of she head be in closeup in the foreground of the shot . suddenly she hear step in back of she and turn she head toward camera . her face change as she recognize someone offscene . miriam oh ! she give a coy smile of recognition . camera pull back to reveal the mad and shoulder of bruno between Miriam and the camera . his hand hold guy 's lighter which he flick on as he raise it above Miriam 's face . 0 for bruno , we see only the back of he head and shoulder . bruno be you name Miriam ? miriam ( with surprise ) why yes . how do you -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 35 . we see bruno 's glove hand dart quickly to Miriam 's throat . the lighter fall down out of picture , and as bruno 's hand grip she throat , he head move slightly to blot out Miriam 's face . his head move a bit farther until Miriam 's face be nearly uncover at the other side of the screen , and we see she glass fall off . close shot Miriam 's glass hit the ground . the shadow of they struggle figure over the shot . close up the screen be fill with one of the lense of the glass . they be of the diminish type . against the moonlit sky we see reflect , the elongate struggle figure , as though we be shoot up at they . suddenly one of the figure fall forward . close up Miriam 's head drop into the picture by the glass . bruno 's hand come into the picture and pick up the glass . one of the lense have be break by Miriam 's fall . as we see bruno 's sport shoe move away , the camera move past miriam head until it come to guy 's lighter press into the earth . close up bruno bruno glance back over he shoulder . he look down and go back one or two step . close up bruno' hand bruno 's hand retrieve the lighter from the ground . long shot island we see a full view of the island again , with the amusement park beyond . the faint noise of the calliope continue in the distance . bruno have be lose to view . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 36 . Miriam 's companion be still search for she . we hear they faint voice in the distance . voice Miriam ! Miriam ! where be you ? medium shot bruno come to the shore where he boat be moor . he get in and be quickly chugge away . he move calmly , matter - of - fact and not furtively . long shot lake bruno 's boat throbbing its way across toward the landing stage . medium shot landing stage there be two boat unload . bruno 's boat be approach . we hear a loud call from the island . someone have find Miriam . voice hey , here she be ! what 's the matter with she ? have she faint ? more shout from the island cause the people at the landing stage to look back . the boatman 's attention be also attract . suddenly , as bruno be get out of boat , there be a loud scream from the island . voice ( cry out ) she be dead ! other voice ( from island ) help ! help ! bruno by this time have stop onto the landing stage , and in company with the other people , be look back as if to see what 's wrong on the island . then he move away , start off of the landing stage . the boatman turn and glance at bruno , but quickly return he attention to the disturbance across on the island . he hurry forward and with a couple of man passenger jump into one of the boat . he call to he assistant as he get into the boat . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 37 . boatman get a cop ! the assistant run off out of the picture medium shot bruno as bruno calmly thread he way along the midway , we hear above the noise of the various concession , a shrill police whistle in the distance . presently a couple of policeman come run from direction of the main entrance and past bruno . he glance at they over he shoulder , then stroll on toward the main entrance to the park . entrance to amusement park exterior as bruno come out through the turnstile , he stand for a moment on the street . at this moment a man hesitates at the curbstone . he be blind and tapping the sidewalk with he white cane . he take one step into the roadway , then hesitates . bruno step forward and take the blind man 's arm . camera pull back as bruno escort the blind man across the road . with a sweeping gesture he hold back a couple of car to lot they pass . once on the other side of the road , the blind man utter he thanks . blind man thanks . he go off . bruno look back toward the park , then glance down at he wristwatch . insert bruno' wristwatch the time be 9.30 . lap dissolve to : int . observation car of a train night through the rear window we see the track rush away from we . seat in the foreground be guy haine and a rather professorial type opposite he , a bespectacle man around forty - five or fifty who be extremely drunk . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 38. medium shot guy he be read a evening newspaper . close shot the foot opposite guy stretch out and touch guy 's foot . closeup guy he lower he paper and look across . mo . shot the drunk opposite guy look down at he foot and then up to guy resentfully as though guy have kick he . he eye guy up and down , then suddenly , without warning , burst into song , to the tune of the barber shop chord . collin there be a man , now please take note . there be a man who have a goat . he love that goat , indeed he do . he love that goat , just like a kid . ( he stop sing abruptly and address guy ) what be you opinion ? guy ( amused ) you will never make the Metropolitan . collin ( fuzzily -- pump guy 's hand ) name 's Collins . on sabbatical - delaware tech . glad to meet you . I jus ' give a speech in New York . on integration . in the differential calculus a function be give and its differential be obtain . understand ? guy ( solemnly ) sure , I understand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 39 . collin ( resentfully ) y'do ? again he burst into loud song . lap dissolve to : long shot WASHINGTON exterior about 1 a.m. moonlight a solitary taxi be see drive past the Capitol Building . lap dissolve to : the taxi come to a side street and stop outside a small apartment house . mo . shot guy get out of the taxi with he racket and bag , pay the driver and go up the step to the front door of he apartment . close shot as guy be about to enter the front door and we see he name post on a small card as one of the several tenant , he hear a soft call from across the street . voice ( softly ) guy ! guy turn he head and look across the street . mo . long shot ( from guy viewpoint ) we see a small space between two house across the street . out of the darkness the voice repeat . voice over here , guy . mo . shot guy he turn , and with a slightly bewilder and wary expression , go out of the picture to cross the street . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 40. mo . shot guy reach the other side of the street and still puzzle and cautious , approach the dark alleyway . mo . shot after a moment a figure step out of the darkness . it be bruno . he step back into the darkness again as guy come up to he . two shot guy frown in puzzlement as he look at bruno . bruno ( cheerfully ) hello , guy . guy ( recognize bruno -- not pleased ) what be you do here ? at this time of night ? bruno ( a little sadly ) you do not seem very pleased to see I , guy . guy stand without answer . bruno ( pleased again ) I bring you a little present . guy what do you mean ? bruno 's hand come out of he pocket and he hand Miriam 's glass to guy . insert guy 's hand take Miriam 's glass from bruno . one of the lense be break . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 41. two shot as guy take the glass he look at bruno in bewilderment . guy what 's this all about ? bruno recognize they ? closeup guy he look down at the glass , mystify . he look up again to bruno . closeup bruno bruno it be very quick , guy . she be not hurt in any way . it be all over in no time . closeup guy he be horrify . he look swiftly down at the glass in he hand , then back to bruno . bruno' voice ( brag ) I know you would be surprised . nothing for we to worry about . nobody see I , only Miriam . two shot guy can hardly believe what he be hearing . bruno I be very careful . even when I drop you lighter there , I go right back to it up . if it would be find , it would have ruin we whole scheme , would not it ? guy be you try to tell I you have -- why , you maniac ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 42. bruno ( look at guy with astonishment ) but , guy , you want it ! we plan it on the train together , remember ? guy suddenly start to go . bruno grab he arm . bruno where be you go ? guy where do you think I be go ? I be go to call the police , of course . bruno but you can not , guy . we would both be arrest for murder . guy turn back slowly and face he . guy we would both be arrest for murder ? bruno you be be much in it as I be . we plan it together . criss -cross . I do you murder -- guy ( suddenly angry ) you crazy fool ! you think you can get away with that ? bruno ( a little hurt ) oh , come now , guy . why should I go to metcalf and kill a total stranger , unless it be part of the plan and you be in on it ? you be the one that benefit , guy . you be a free man . I do not even know the girl . guy make a move to leave , but bruno hold on tight . guy let I go , bruno . I have nothing to do with this and the police will believe I . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 43. bruno ( concerned ) if you go to the police now , you will just be turn yourself in as in accessory . you see , you have the motive . at this moment both turn at a sound across the street . long shot ( from there viewpoint ) we hear the sound of a telephone ringing in guy 's apartment . the top of one of he window be open . bruno what be it ? guy my telephone . bruno ( amused ) someone have some news for you , guy . guy still stare across the street . long shot ( from he viewpoint ) we see a police car pull up outside guy 's apartment . two shot bruno pull guy back further into the shadow . guy instinctively flatten himself against the wall . he look across the street again . long shot ( from he viewpoint ) we see the two policeman go into he apartment building . two shot guy be still flatten against the wall to keep out of light . bruno tell they you know about it already , guy . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 44. closeup guy he look across at the police , then down at himself with some surprise and disgust , then over at bruno , suddenly conscious he be behave like a criminal and that bruno be responsible for he predicament . guy ( mutter ) you have get I act , like a criminal , you crazy fool ! bruno for a moment look menacingly at guy . bruno do not you call I that . bruno 's flare of anger die . they both look again across the street . long shot ( from there viewpoint ) the two policeman come out of the house , get into they car and drive off . guy 's telephone be still ringing . two shot bruno you must be tired , guy . I know I be . I have sure have a strenuous evening . guy look at he , almost numb . bruno now look , guy , about my father . I have the plan make . two plan . a plan of the grounds and a plan of the house . I have in old luger I buy at a pawn shop in San Francisco . my father -- guy turn and start to move in across the street . two shot bruno follow guy and we follow they across the street . camera on there back . guy stride ahead to the house . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 45 . bruno wait a minute , guy . to have to talk . we have to arrange thing . guy turn at the door to he apartment building . guy ( furiously ) get away before I give you what you give Miriam . bruno ( sadly ) you be not yourself , guy . you be tired . when you think thing over , you will see I be right . tomorrow -- guy open he door , turn on bruno . guy ( with finality ) I do not know you . I never see you before . I never want to see you again . he go in and slam the door in bruno 's face . bruno ( to the close door ) but we have to -- he realize there be no use in try to talk to guy any further . he turn and face the camera in close up as he move away , look sad almost to the point of tear . int . guy apartment guy be stand at the telephone which be still ringing . he have Miriam 's glass in he hand . he look down at they for a moment , then pick up the receiver . he hesitates , then speak into the phone . guy ( hoarsely , into phone ) yes ? ( pause ) yes , Anne . I be sorry , darling . I just get in . ( pause ) of course I be all right . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 46. guy ( cont 'd ) ( force he voice to sound normal ) but you sound upset . be anything wrong ? ( pause ) all right . I will come over . right away . he hang up but keep he hand on the telephone , deliberate . he start to dial , then suddenly hang up and start out . dissolve to : ext . a residential STREET , WASHINGTON long shot night a taxi drive up and stop in front of a handsome residence . it be the burton home . guy get out of the taxi and go up the step . mo . shot over guy shoulder his figure tense , he ring the bell . after a moment 's wait , the door be open from inside and Anne burton stand in the light hallway . she look at guy with a anxious , taut expression , search he face hastily , then as he take a step inside she be suddenly in he arm . they embrace with wordless fervor . guy ( hold she close ) Anne darling , you be tremble . Anne draw back and look into he face as if search for a answer to some question in she mind . anne guy -- ( she finger gently touch he face ) I wonder if you know how much I love you . guy take she hand from his face , caress it with he lip . guy ( force a smile ) brazen woman . I be the one to say that . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 47. anne ( tensely ) but I want you to know , before ... ( force herself to be calm ) before we go into the live room . Father want to see you . closeup guy he look apprehensively in direction of the live room , conscious of what the news be to be , but cover up . long shot live room from guy viewpoint senator burton and barbara burton be seat near a desk on the farthest side of the room . Senator burton be a distinguished fifty , a man with great pride in tradition , he family and he career . Barbara , Anne 's young sister , be a lively seventeen who love excitement , say exactly what she think and rarely think before she say it . superficially , in height and figure , she resemble Miriam . she also weir glass . by she gesture we gather she be speak urgently , but softly , to she father , who lift a weary hand to quiet she as she look toward guy in the hallway , Barbara keep quiet and also look toward guy . they both wait for he to enter . closeup guy he steel himself for the long walk across the hall and the live room . closeup anne watch guy closely . mo . shot as guy start to make the long trek across the live room , with Anne behind he -- guy ( stiffly ) good evening , sir . hello , babs . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 48. Barbara have be squirming in she seat , then as if jet propel she catapult out of it and run to guy , give he a big hug and a smack on the cheek . barbara something awful have happen , guy . senator ( firmly ) sit down , Barbara . subdued , she sit down . but guy remain stand . senator ( find it difficult to begin ) there seem to be no way of diplomatically break tragic news . I be sorry , guy , to be the one to tell you . it concern you wife . she 's be murder . guy stare woodenly at the Senator , be if hypnotize . barbara the police have be use everything but radar to locate you . senator you be to call headquarters at metcalf . the full impact of what have happen hit guy once more . guy Miriam ... murder . anne ( with inner tension ) she be ... strangle . slowly guy 's eye meet hers . they be remember what he say on the phone : " I could strangle she . " he sink into a chair . the Senator be quite distress . during the follow scene Barbara quietly go about the business of pour drink and serve they . she know everyone 's preference . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 49 . senator ( wrylt , to guy ) it happen on a island in a amusement park . it be sort of a lover lane , I believe . a rather sordid atmosphere . barbara ( quickly , to guy ) Miriam go there with two boy . they be the one who find she . so they be not suspect . but you probably will be . senator Young lady , we can not overlook the fact that murder be at we doorstep . but I forbid you to drag it into the live room ! barbara ( wide - eye ) let 's not fool ourselves . the police will say guy want Miriam out of the way so he could marry Anne . in a crime of this sort the police first go after the husband , and guy have every motive . senator ( aghast ) motive ? guy ( quietly ) she 's right . whichever way you look at it ... I be in a spot . senator ( disconcert but whistling in dark ) oh come now , my boy . I be sure you have nothing to worry about . barbara ( flatly ) if he have not a alibi for nine - thirty tonight he have plenty to worry about . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 50 . anne ( who have not take anxious eye off guy ) you can tell they where you be , can not you , guy ? guy ( wearily ) at nine - thirty I be on the train from New York to Washington . senator ( relieved ) there you be . barbara who see you ? do you speak to anyone ? you will need a Witness , you know . guy ( as if it do not matter ) yes , I speak to someone . senator ( hopefully ) anyone you know ? guy no. his name be Collins . he be a professor . senator ( brighten ) Harvard . guy University of Virginia . the Senator 's expression say : " well , that 's not too bad . " closeup anne her face show she relief that guy can account for he time . anne then everything 's 's all right . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 51. back to scene barbara not quite . detective play a game call motive , motive , who would get the motive . anne ( near the break point ) I be sick of hearing that word ! barbara he will still have to answer question . senator routine . pure routine . guy I be afraid there will be a lot of reporter at you front door in the morning . barbara daddy do not mind a little scandal . he 's a senator . anne ( answer guy 's look ) it can not be help , darling . it be not you fault . it 's not as though anyone can say you have something to do with it . guy someone might say it ... I would do anything to keep you all out of this mess . senator profit by my experience , guy . never lose any sleep over accusation . ( a afterthought ) unless they can be prove , of course . we will help all we can . dreadful business , dreadful . that poor unfortunate girl . barbara ( flatly ) she be a tramp . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 52. senator ( pontificially ) she be a human be . let I remind you that even the most unworthy of we have the right to life and the pursuit of happiness . barbara ( unimpress ) from what I hear , she pursue it in all direction . senator Barbara ! anne Father , it 's get terribly late , and guy look so tired ... senator ( quickly ) of course , of course . back to bed , Barbara . barbara ( ignore this - to Anne and guy ) well , you two . nothing stand in you way now . you can be marry right away . think of it -- you be free ! close two anne and guy look at one another with a grow realization of what Miriam 's death actually mean to they happiness -- they be free . back to scene the Senator firmly urge Barbara to the door . senator ( to Barbara ) one do not always have to say what one think ! barbara ( sweetly ) Father , I be not a politician . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 53. the Senator give she a gentle but firm push out of sight . senator you will not forget that call , guy ? Captain turley . guy yes sir . goodnight . Barbara poke she head quickly around the door . barbara I still think it would be wonderful to have a man love you so much he would kill for you . ( she duck out ) two shot Left alone , guy and Anne embrace . Anne 's nervous tension come to the surface in a flood of relief . anne I tell myself over and over I be be silly , but there be one horrible moment tonight when the news come through . I keep remember what you shout telephone from metcalf . guy that I could strang ... Anne quickly put she finger over he mouth . anne do not even say it . forget you ever say it . even more terrifying than the murder itself , guy , be the awful think that if you have anything to do with it we would be separate , - perhaps forever . I would never see you again . I could not bear it . dissolve to : long shot MAIN STREET of metcalf day with its customary mid-afternoon activity . lap dissolve to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 54. ext . metcalf police headquarters day a knot of people be hang around the entrance , include a few newspaper photographer . there be a rush of interest when a taxi pull up and guy step out of it . guy push he way through the people . two or three bulb flash . there be a murmur from the crowd and we hear guy 's name . he pass into the entrance . int . corridor of police headquarters guy come into the corridor from the street and approach two policeman who be stand nearby . guy Captain turley 's office ? one of the policeman gesture to a door at the right . guy cross and enter . int . reception room outside captain turley's office at one side of the room be a young police sergeant seat at a typewriter . a group of people be seat in chair line against the opposite wall . guy enter , cross to the sergeant at the desk . guy Captain turley be expect I . guy haine . sergeant just a moment , Mr. haine . he rise and go into a adjoin room . closeup guy he now have time to take stock of the wait people . he catch he breath when he see : closeup mrs . joyce Miriam 's mother , dress all in black , be seat in one of the chair . she have be stare at the floor , but bring she eye up slowly to glare at guy with a look of burn hatred . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 55 . mrs . joyce ( a fierce whisper ) you will pay for this ! closeup mr . hargreave Mr. hargreaves from the music shop look across at guy , attempt in awkward nod but be very embarrassed . closeup guy guy nod in return . mo . shot the two boy who be with Miriam at the amusement park . they look at guy with interest . mo . shot guy he look about he uncomfortably , then turn suddenly as he see : mo . shot seat behind guy , apart from the other who be wait , be Professor Collins , guy 's drunken companion on the train of the night before . the professor be completely sober now , dignify and erect . he have remove he glass to polish they and do not react to guy 's presence . closeup guy guy start with a smile of recognition to say , " how do you do ? " but at that moment he hear the door open and he name call : sergeant's voice will you come in , please , Mr. haine ? mo . shot guy break away from he uncompleted greeting to the professor and go through the door to Captain turley 's office , follow by the eye of the wait people . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 56 . int . captain turley's office captain turley be conscientious , methodical and always polite . he put aside photograph and record and rise from behind he desk as guy come in . a detective lieutenant , campbell , be attend a coffee maker . they expression be grave by contrast with guy 's confident attitude after see the professor in the wait room . captain turley good of you to be so prompt , Mr. haine . this be Lieutenant Campbell . ( the two nod to each other ) wo not you sit down ? guy thank you , sir . ( he sit ) captain turley I know you be a busy man , so we will not detain you any longer than necessary ... now you already be good enough to tell we where you be last evening , and we have manage to locate the gentleman you speak with on the train . turley signal to Campbell to call the professor in . guy ( brighten ) yes . I see he outside . campbell ( at open door ) will you come in please , professor ? closeup guy he look up eagerly . mo . shot Professor Collins come in and sit in a chair opposite guy . turley Professor Collins , this be Mr. haine . he be with you on the train last night . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 57 . the professor study guy for a moment , then awkwardly turn to turley . collin I be terribly sorry , but I really do not remember meeting this gentleman . closeup guy surprise . his confident expression fade . closeup professor collin he turn from the captain to guy . collin ( apologetically ) unfortunately , I remember very little about the journey from New York ... you see , there have be a little celebration -- mo . shot group guy interrupt with a slight note of impatience . guy but we be sit opposite each other in the observation car ! you be sing a song about a goat -- collin ( incredulously ) a goat ? guy ( urgently ) and calculus . you be go over a speech you would make . turley and Campbell be watch closely . collin I be ? I be sorry , Mr. halne . ( shake he head ) I certainly must have celebrate ! I can not remember you at all . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 58. closeup guy momentarily guy be frustrated , then he turn quietly to turley . guy ( calmly , logically ) Captain , be it so important whether or not Professor Collins remember I ? surely , the important thing be that I have be able to name a man who be on the train with I . you have be able to find he . be not that proof of where I be at nine- thirty last night ? guy ask this question with a look of near triumph that he have clearly establish he alibi . dissolve to : int . burton live room evening the burton be have coffee . Barbara have be glance through a new murder mystery with a lurid cover . as guy enter , Anne rise to greet he . anne hello , darling . have you have you dinner ? guy on the train . anne you be not in metcalf all this time ? we expect you hour ago . barbara ( flatly ) I do not . they sometimes throw a suspect in the can and keep he there all night . senator ( after a disapprove glance at Barbara ) sit down , guy . sit down . give he some coffee , Anne . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 59 . senator ( cont 'd ) ( back to guy ) you have no trouble with the police of course , once they verify you alibi ? guy ( morosely ) when a alibi be full of bourbon , sir , it can not stand up . barbara you mean the professor be boil ? guy completely . he do not remember I . anne but , you know he be on the train ! be not that enough to prove you be on it , too ? guy apparently not at the right time . they suggest I could have catch the train at Baltimore after Miriam be murder . they have it all work out -- ( tap he head ) in they timetable . anne ( grow indignant and increasingly nervous ) that 's ridiculous . they be act as if you be guilty . barbara ( somewhat subdued and try to be comforting ) everything will be all right , Anne . the police be just be thorough -- ( she 's unsure of herself , and defer to the senator ) be not they , daddy ? senator I certainly hope so . ( to guy ) what be you next step ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 60 . guy ( wryly ) whatever it be , the police will know it . they give I a present -- come take a look . he cross to the window , lift the curtain slightly , then turn back to the other . guy ( continue ) my guardian angel . the group move to look out the window , the senator with reluctance . long shot ext . STREET from there viewpoint through the window we see the figure of a man across the street . he be lighting a cigarette and strolling up and down . back to group barbara ( impressed ) you be be tail ! guy ( turn to they ) that 's Leslie hennessy . he work sixteen hour a day . somebody else take over for the next eight . ( drop the curtain , turn back into room ) as a matter of fact , hennessy 's a very nice fellow . barbara should not we ask he in for coffee -- or something ? nobody bother to answer she . the Senator be disturb , but confident of he own prestige as he go back to he coffee . senator I will have he call off immediately of course . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 61. guy ( calmly ) I be afraid where I go , hennessy go . even to the Senate . senator ( pause with he cup hallway to he mouth ) be he likely to -- picket my office ? guy very likely . the Senator 's cup be suddenly back on its saucer and he be on he foot , pace nervously . senator I would suggest , guy , for you own peace of mind , of course , that you work here at the house for a few day . ( a pause ) it would be less embarrassing for you . guy have be look at Anne and be concerned at the worry on she face . he nod in assent to the Senator 's suggestion , but put he hand over Anne 's . guy ( hopelessly ) then what about practice ? perhaps I would better forget Forest Hills ? senator my dear boy , would not it look rather -- awkward -- if you suddenly cancel all you plan . anne he 's right , guy . you must not do anything that would look suspicious . you have get to carry on as though nothing have happen . barbara ( point out the window ) escort by Mr. hennessy . the be crestfallen again . randall , the manservant , have enter with the telephone . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 62. randall a call for you , Mr. haine . they say it be urgent . the phone be plugge in to a connection and guy cross the room and pick up the receiver . the burton watch he . guy hello -- int . telephone booth big head closeup of bruno his face wear the most affable expression . bruno hello , guy . I try you apartment , but -- ( pause ) why , guy , this be bruno ! int . burton live room guy hang up the telephone quickly . he look at the other , awkwardly try to explain : guy must be some mistake . it be not for I . his embarrassment grow as Anne look at he with a puzzle expression . fade out . fade in ext . WASHINGTON STREET approaching jefferson memorial day guy and hennessy be walk along the street together , camera moving with they . they relationship be most friendly . guy carry a briefcase . hennessy be a amiable but not gullible young man in he early thirty . he know he job , be well groom , well educate , and well like . guy well , I suppose I be pretty lucky to be seed fifth , really . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 63. hennessy I have never see the Forest hillss tournament before . I be look forward to it . guy ( wryly ) do you mean we will be go there together , hennessy ? hennessy oh , do not worry . this thing will be clear up by that time . ( change the subject ) ever think of turn professional , guy ? guy I will not have to do that . when I be through with tennis . I will be go into politics , I hope . hennessy ( aghast ) Politics ! it 's a good thing for you I do not report that to the chief . he turn to light a cigarette . as he do , guy give a barely perceptible start at what he see offscene . long shot jefferson memorial from guy viewpoint the tiny figure of a man be stand at the base of the tall white column . the figure lift in arm and wave . instinct tell we that this be bruno . hennessy be still mumble he opinion of politics . hennessy voice if he know you be get into that rat-race -- two shot guy and hennessy guy turn he back on bruno 's figure and look frantically toward to street , want to get away . hennessy -- he would put ten man on you trail . he say -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 64. guy ( interrupt ) let 's take this cab . it 's get late . he hail a taxi which be cruise by , and they start to get in . guy direct the driver . guy Pentagon Building , please . hennessy oh , no , not there ! I always get lose . int . taxi close shot guy turn and look out of the window . long shot jefferson memorial from guy 's viewpoint , shot through the cab window . again we see the solitary figure of bruno look after guy and beginning to recede with the background as the cab start off . dissolve to : int . guy apartment night as guy come in from outside , there be a note on the floor that have be push under the door . guy pick it up , stare at it for a minute before he open it . he take out a handwritten note and read it with a expression of disgust . insert note ( in guy hand ) it read : dear guy : we have to meet and make plan . call I at Arlington ----. time 's get short . bruno the handwrite be sprawling and erratic , embellish with conceit flourish . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 65 . medium shot guy look off for a moment with set face , then tear the note into shred , cross to a small desk , light a match and hold it to the fragment , let they burn and fall into a ash tray . guy look off for a moment with set face , then tear the note into shred , cross to a small desk , light a match and hold it to the fragment , let they burn and fall into a ash tray . dissolve to : long shot ext . mellon gallery late afternoon camera be in a low setup , to take in the sign across the doorway which identify the gallery . hennessy stand in the foreground in front of the building , on duty . lap dissolve to : int . mellon gallery guy and Anne be walk slowly through a more or less desert room of the gallery . they manner be relaxed and intimate . anne well , we would better be get back . guy we have actually be alone for a hour . seem almost indecent . you like ? anne ( softly ) I like . guy I be beginning to feel like a goldfish . anne so be I . when we build we house , darling , we will not even have glass window . no doorbell , no newspaper , no telephone -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 66. guy no hennessy . anne ( suddenly serious ) how long can it go on ? guy I do not know . I suppose until they find out who do it . anne we will be happier then , will not we ? guy I suppose so . Anne look it he , surprised at he lack of enthusiasm . they walk on out of the picture . a figure step out from behind a pillar in the main hall of the gallery , near the spot from which they have disappear . it be bruno . he call . bruno ( softly ) guy ! Anne stop and look back . guy know who it be and would not turn but that he be force to by Anne 's action . he take a few step towards bruno . closeup Anne watch guy approach this stranger . she look downward at bruno 's tie pin . closeup bruno 's tie pin , bear he name , gleam in the light . closeup Anne read the name on the tie pin . two shot guy come up to bruno , step in front of he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 67. guy ( mutter harshly ) will you stop pester I ! bruno but guy , you have not call I . my father 's leave for Florida the end of this week -- guy ( interrupt ) you crazy fool ! there 's a detective outside . he will see we together ! bruno ( brush this off ) oh , they can not have anything on you . ( look past guy ) be not that Anne burton ? slight improvement over Miriam -- eh , guy ? guy stay away from I , I tell you ! he leave bruno abruptly to rejoin Anne . bruno look after he , a little hurt . two shot guy rejoin Anne and they start to walk away . anne who be it , guy ? guy ( unnerve ) I never see he before . just some tennis fan . Anne look at he a little oddly . he seem unduly concerned about a casual stranger . closeup anne her face be troubled . fade out . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 68. fade in int . morton study mo . shot guy and a secretary have set up office in the Morton study . as the scene open the secretary be hand guy a large envelope . secretary here 's a special delivery , Mr. haine . it 's mark personal . as guy be open the envelope , Barbara speak to he from atop a library ladder . she be get a book from one of the top shelf of a bookcase , which be next to a window . barbara be you get in any practice today , guy ? guy ( as he take out a large fold sheet of paper and glance at it , mystify ) yes , if I can get a court at the club . as guy 's hand unfold the paper and hold it for moment , we see that it be a diagramm plan of the grounds and the Interior of the Anthony house . there be dot line along the upper hall , with a arrow which point to one room and where bruno have indicate in he handwrite , " my father 's room . " over this we hear the voice of Barbara and the secretary : secretary's voice Barbara , who be you wave at ? barbara' voice Mr. hennessy . I think it be a shame daddy will not let we have he in the house to sit down . have you meet he yet , Louise ? secretary's voice no . barbara' voice he be awfully cute . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 69 . mo . shot guy frown , quickly fold the paper up and stuff it into he pocket . he look off abstractedly . closeup secretary she look at guy sympathetically . secretary be anything wrong , Mr. haine ? closeup guy her voice break he reverie . he answer she with a force smile . guy no , thank you , Louise . fade out . fade in tennis court at WASHINGTON country club there be twenty or thirty people sit in the bleacher seat opposite the umpire 's chair . a game of mix double be in progress . mo . shot at the entrance to the court guy appear , carry he racquet . his partner for the forthcoming game , and one or two other player , be close by . closer shot guy look about he . several people be look at he awkwardly or avoid he eye . he move self - consciously away , and the camera pan he around the court to the umpire 's chair . mo . shot a couple of woman player whisper something about guy as he go past they . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 70 . first woman I do not think he would show up after what happen . second woman and miss all the publicity ? mo . shot as guy stand at the umpire 's chair , the umpire glance down and give he a rather embarrassed greeting . closeup guy he look across at the watch crowd . mo . shot from guy viewpoint the head of the people in the bleacher move from side to side , to follow the play on the court . one head be not move . it be stare at guy . it be bruno . at this moment , we hear the umpire call , " game , set and match " to the win mix double pair . closeup guy his expression become set . long shot the mix double couple complete they handshake at the net and move off the court . we see guy move up to the base line while the other player take he position for the preliminary knock -up . mo . shot as guy casually knock the ball across the net , he glance again toward bruno . mo . shot from guy viewpoint bruno be make he way out of the small stand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 71 . closeup guy perplex and apprehensive as to what bruno may be up to . he hear he opponent 's voice . player' voice ready , guy ? guy shake off he abstraction and poise himself to receive the ball . lap dissolve to : mo . shot passageway leading to terrace we see guy come alone , have finished he game . he be carry he racket , wear a towel around he neck , etcetera . he walk into foreground , into closeup , and suddenly stop short at what he see : mo . shot from guy viewpoint the group at the table comprise bruno , Anne and the two french people . bruno be preen himself as the other laugh uproariously , obviously at something bruno have say . Anne catch sight of guy and smile at he . close shot guy camera move with he as he come forward toward the table . mo . shot group at table as guy come into the scene . he stand stare . anne guy , darling -- this be Mr. Antony -- a friend of monsieur and Madame darville ... ( to bruno ) guy haine . closeup guy he give a weak acknowledgment in bruno 's direction , realize that bruno have worm he way into the group and that he must accept the introduction . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 72. medium shot bruno half rise , smile affably at guy , reach out he hand . guy be force to shake hand with he bruno I have be a fan of yours for a long time , Mr. haine . in fact , I follow everything you do . mme . darville Mr. Antony have be tell we such charming storey ... very funny . closeup guy he give another weak little smile . mo . shot in response to the frenchwoman 's attentive and eager expression , bruno lean forward on the table and start say something more in extremely fluent french . closeup anne she be stare at bruno with a new expression . closeup from anne's viewpoint bruno 's coat have spread open a bit , and he tie pin bear the name " bruno " be rest on the edge of the table . closeup anne she become aware that this be the man she have see call to guy in the art museum , that they have meet before . her eye turn a little in guy 's direction , though she do not look at he . closeup guy he be still watch bruno talk to the french couple . guy be unaware of Anne 's look . suddenly he attention be arrest by the sound of Barbara 's voice call he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 73. barbara' voice guy ! he turn he head and camera pan he to Barbara , who be stand a few step from the table beckone to he . barbara ( sotto voce ) I have just be talk to you shadow . ( very impressed ) guy , do you know Mr. hennessy help crack that axe murder I be read about ? you know , the one where the body be cut up and hide in the butcher shop ? he be lock in the ice box with the leave leg for six hour ! guy he pull that yarn right out of he hat , babs . closeup guy he give a sharp look back toward bruno . there be more laughter come from the french couple at the table . close shot group at table from guy viewpoint bruno be occupy with he french joke , but Anne be look at guy strangely . two shot guy and barbara guy turn back to Barbara . Barbara look with interest toward bruno . barbara who 's the nice look frenchman with the darvill ? guy he 's not french . his name 's Antony . Barbara step toward the table . mo . shot at table as Barbara join the group . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 74 . barbara how do you do , Madame darville . monsieur . they look up . closeup bruno bruno stop in the middle of some french to stare at Barbara . her voice continue . barbara' voice how be you ? french couple ' voice delightful to see you . how sweet you look , miss Barbara . close shot barbara from bruno viewpoint barbara I hope you be not forget we little party on Thursday , Madame . from bruno 's viewpoint , as Barbara speak , camera move in closer until to faintest impression of the merry - go-round fill the screen with the effect of whirling around Barbara 's head . her glass seem to glint until she eye be obliterate by the glare . mo . shot the group mme . darville we be plan on it ? M. darville but of course . all talk die out as all eye turn to bruno , who be stare at Barbara . except Anne 's , who be say quietly to bruno : anne this be my sister Barbara . Barbara , this be Mr. Antony . closeup bruno he do not acknowledge the introduction immediately . he be still stare at Barbara . then he nod abstractedly . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 75 . closeup anne she be look at bruno , wonder what mystery lie behind this strange individual and why he and guy have disclaim any previous acquaintance . fade out . fade in int . guy apartment night closeup a luger pistol held in guy hand camera pull back to show guy stare down at it . he be partially dress for a evening party , in black bow tie but without he jacket . he lean forward to take up a letter from among brown paper wrapping on the table . insert : letter dear guy -- just two more day leave . we must get together for final detail . the note , in bruno 's handwrite , be unsign . closeup guy he stare down at the note . at this moment there be a knock at the door . mo . shot guy hastily gather together the gun , the note and the wrapping and put they in a dresser drawer . he cross to the door and open it . hennessy enter , carry a topcoat . guy hiya , hennessy . wo not keep you out late tonight . ( get into he dinner jacket ) with Forest Hills come up tomorrow , I have get to get some sleep . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 76 . hennessy ( help himself to a cigarette ) that 's too bad . hammond take over in a couple of hour . I would like to see he earn he salary . guy turn to the dresser drawer in which he have put the note and the gun , maneuver he body between the dresser and hennessy 's view . he take out a handkerchief , close the drawer , stick the handkerchief in he pocket , speak as he do so . guy do not that bloodhound over relax ? he stick so close he 's beginning to grow on I -- like a fungus . hennessy ( mildly ) he think you be a very suspicious character . he do not trust anybody ! not even himself . guy be eager to get out of the room , and hennessy be maddeningly slow in he movement . guy come on . ( indicate at hennessy overcoat ) do not forget you sleep bag . hennessy ( take he time ) yeah , if I have to wait too long on the sidewalk my foot get cold . and if I sit too long on that stone step , my -- guy have the door open and ease hennessy toward the hail . guy ( quickly ) do not worry . since you tell Barbara burton about the icebox , you be she favorite charity . she will send the butler out with something to defrost you . hennessy ( grin ) cute kid . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 77 . he 's go , and with a last glance at the dresser , guy go out and close the door . lap dissolve to : ext . burton house long shot night the street outside the burton house be line with car and limousine . various guest be arrive . mo . shot on the opposite side of the street we see hennessy , now wear he topcoat . he look bored as he glance across the street to the house . lap dissolve to : int . burton house big head closeup of anne her face be troubled . camera begins to pull back . we see now that the reception be in progress and that Anne stand beside she father to greet the arrive guest . camera pull back further to show we a full view of a very crowded Washington gather many white tie and tail and decollete in evidence . many accent . even some foreign language be be speak . Music and chatter in the b.g . close shot Anne and the Senator be still greeting new arrival . Anne 's manner be somewhat preoccupy . she glance around as she speak , as though look for someone . anne ( to new arrival ) thank you so much , Mr. Lindsay . we will look forward to it . panning shot from anne's viewpoint the camera pass various group of guest in conversation include guy and Barbara who be together . from this distance we cannot hear what they be say . camera continue to the front door . it open to admit a new arrival . it be bruno . he wear white tie and tail , look very elegant . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 78. we see guy excuse himself from Barbara , cross to bruno and speak to he angrily , obviously ask , " what be you do here ? " bruno , however , greet guy with a smile then turn from he , unperturb and bland . he see Anne and move toward she , smile . closeup anne as bruno come in she direction , Anne 's expression show she mystification and concern about bruno 's presence and about guy 's attitude toward he . mo . shot bruno come up to Anne and the Senator . he give a slight bow to the Senator ; then put he hand out to Anne . bruno good evening , miss burton . the Senator look inquiringly . Anne make the introduction . anne this be Mr. Antony , father . senator how do you do , sir . bruno I would like to talk to you sometime , Senator , about my idea of harness the life force . it will make atomic power look like the horse and buggy . ( the Senator and Anne be beginning to look at he in amazement ) I be already develop my faculty for see million of mile . and , Senator , can you imagine be able to smell a flower on the planet of Mars ? I would like to lunch with you some day soon and tell you more about it . interrupted by new arrival , bruno move away out of the picture , with a charming smile to Anne . the Senator greet the new guest with open mouth and simply shake they hand while glance off in direction of the depart bruno . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 79 . dowager ( to Senator ) so nice to see you , my dear Senator . senator ah yes , indeed -- I beg you pardon ? she realize he have not hear a word she 's say and haughtily move on . the Senator turn to Anne . senator ( still look after bruno ) I do not remember invite that young man . who be he ? anne a friend of the darvill . senator he have a unusual personality . provocative . closeup anne she look off in bruno 's direction extremely disturb at this new aspect of the mysterious stranger . closeup guy he be watch bruno . mo . shot guy see bruno join a group of several lady who be seat on a settee and a couple of older man who be stand by . a waiter come along with a tray of drink . bruno take one . closeup barbara she come from the same direction that guy come . she stop short as she see : mo . shot from barbara' viewpoint bruno be now heartily join in conversation with one of the elderly gentleman . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 80. close shot bruno and group bruno talk to a elderly , dignify gentleman . bruno but tell I , judge , after you have sentence a man to the chair , be not it difficult to go and eat you dinner after that ? judge Young man , when a murderer be catch , he must be try . when he be convict , he must be sentence . when he be sentence to death , he must be execute . bruno quite impersonal , be not it , sir ? judge so it be . besides , it do not happen every day . at this moment , Anne come into the scene . she hesitates as she hear bruno 's answer . bruno so few murderer be catch . the judge move out of the way . bruno smile blandly at the lady . one of they speak to he . mrs . cunningham well , Mr. Antony , you seem very interested in the subject of murder . Anne look more troubled , then move on out of the scene . bruno no more than anyone else . no more than you , for instance . mrs . cunningham I ? I be not interested in murder . bruno pull up a chair to face the two woman on the settee , sit down , straddle the seat , to look at they over the back of the chair and settle down for a nice conversation . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 81. bruno ( he tone be teasing ) oh , come now , everyone 's interested in that . everyone would like to put someone out of the way . now surely , Madame , you be not go to tell I that there have not be a time when you want to dispose of someone . you husband , for instance . mrs . cunningham ( laugh ) good heaven , no ! bruno ( playfully ) ah ah ! ( shaking a finger at she ) be you sure ? do you mean to tell I there be not a tiny moment - when you would be make really angry ? and what do you say ? mrs . cunningham ( squirm , giggle ) well ... bruno there you be , you see ! there you be ! all right , now you be go -- to do a murder . how be you go to do it ? this be the fascinating part -- how be you go to do it ... I do not get you name ? mrs . cunningham Mrs. cunningham . bruno Mrs. cunningham , how be you go to do it ? mrs . cunningham ( enter into the spirit of the play ) well , I suppose I will have to get a gun from somewhere . bruno ( shake he head ) tssk , tssk . oh no , Mrs. cunningham . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 82. bruno ( cont 'd ) bang , bang , all over the place . blood everywhere ? the other woman join in : mrs . anderson what about a little poison ? bruno ah ! that 's better , that 's better . Mrs .....? mrs . anderson Anderson . bruno ( he be thoroughly enjoy himself ) that 's better , Mrs. Anderson . but Mrs. cunningham be in a dreadful hurry . poison could take ... let 's see ... ten to twelve week , if poor Mr. cunningham be to die from natural cause . mrs . cunningham I have a wonderful idea ! I can take he out in the car and when I get to a lonely spot , knock he on the head with a hammer , pour gasoline over he and over the car and start the whole thing ablaze . bruno ( look at she deprecatingly ) and then have to walk all that way home ? Mrs. Anderson laugh . bruno no , I have the best way , and the best tool . ( he hold out he hand and show they ) simple , silent , and quick . the silent part be the most important . let I show you what I mean . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 83. bruno ( cont 'd ) ( he raise he hand toward Mrs. cunningham 's throat , then stop a moment to ask ) you do not mind if I borrow you neck for a moment do you ? mrs . cunningham ( giggle ) well , it 's not for long . bruno oh ! no. ( he take a drink and put he glass down ) now , when I nod my head , just see if you can cry out , and I bet you can not . ( he place he hand around Mrs. cunningham 's neck ) now with my two thumb ... you see that 's where I will be able to prevent any sound come from you . now , just wait for the nod of my head . closeup bruno as he start to Press she neck , he eye wander from the face of he " victim " to someone else off scene . mo . shot barbara she be watch this rather unorthodox demonstration . the camera move up until she head fill the screen . her glass glint in the light . closeup bruno he be now transfix . his breathe become heavy . a strange expression come over he face . he still stare off at Barbara . mo . shot barbara we see the whirling merry - go-round spin around she head . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 84. big head closeup bruno he now seem to have almost go into a trance . over the shot we begin to hear a strangle cry , and a break exclamation , then Mrs. Anderson 's voice . mrs . anderson's voice Mr. Antony ! Mr. Antony ! another voice stop he ! stop he ! closeup bruno 's wrist and hand and the neck of he victim . we can just see Mrs. cunningham 's chin at the top of the screen . her head be toss from side to side . her hand be clutching at bruno 's wrist . the hand of the other two woman , also in the picture , be pull at bruno 's wrist . Mrs. cunningham 's hand begin to slide off . her head drop back . over this we hear cry of : voice stop he ! help , somebody ! pull he off ! Mr. Antony ! Mr. Antony ! closeup bruno his body be sway slightly at the various effort to drag he away from Mrs. cunningham . his eye begin to close , and slowly he fall away from the picture in a dead faint on the floor . medium shot there be a rush of people around Mrs. cunningham , who be breathe frantically , she eye open and close . a couple of woman be feebly slapping she hand , someone else be fan she face . medium shot the Senator and guy rush into the picture . they look at the fall bruno . they search around for a explanation . other man come in ad they start to pick bruno up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 85 . guy bring he this way . guy give a quick look in direction of Mrs. cunningham , see that she be be attend to . medium shot Anne rush into the picture . she see bruno be help to he foot ; then turn she attention to Mrs. cunningham , who have now somewhat recover . Mrs. cunningham be help to the settee . there be a babble of woman 's voice try to explain what have happen . anne ( through the babble ) bring she upstairs . as the two group pass off in different direction , the few people who run into the scene late be ask the other what the disturbance be . " what 's wrong ? " " do she faint ? " " I do not see anything . " " what happen to he ? " " somebody hurt ? " but one small figure stand in the clear . it be Barbara , she be still transfix by what she have see . her hand be tremble . camera move slowly in on her . we see that she lip be tremble , too , and in she eye frighten tear be welling . her breath be heavy . int . study bruno be stretch out on a settee . he be completely out . his collar and tie be open . two or three of the male guest be just leave the room . the Senator remain behind for a moment with guy . senator I think he be a bit weird when he arrive . who be he ? guy I hardly know he , sir . senator get he out of here as soon as you decently can -- will you . this be a nice item for the gossip . first thing you know , they will be talk about orgy . I would better get back ... guy yes , sir . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 86. the Senator leave . guy stand over bruno 's outstretch figure . medium shot bruno be now half awake . almost without see guy , he stagger to he foot and begin to make he way to the door . guy advance , and with a sharp thrust , push bruno back on the settee . bruno look and see guy clearly for the first time . bruno what happen ? I be on a merry - go - round somewhere . it make I dizzy . guy move forward , and thrust he hand in bruno 's open shirt , pull he to he foot . bruno ignore guy 's violence and remain puzzle . guy ( disgust ) you be a mad , crazy maniac , and you ought to be lock - up ! now will you get out of here and let I alone ? bruno but , guy -- guy smashes bruno in the jaw , in utter disgust , and knock he back onto the settee . bruno look up from he sprawle position , a dull look in he eye . bruno you should not have do that , guy . guy ( subside ) come on -- pull yourself together . do you tie up . bruno stagger to he foot . he fumble at he collar . as he cross to he , camera move in to a closer shot . guy here -- let I . he fix bruno 's shirt and collar together and quickly tie he white bow . bruno stand sway like a small boy as guy do this . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 87. camera pan with they as guy start to escort bruno from the room . guy have you get a car here ? bruno ( mumble ) Driver 's outside . they pass trough door into the hallway . int . hall medium shot one or two of the guest turn they head as guy take bruno across to the front door . close shot Barbara appear in the hallway , come from the crowded sit room . she watch the two man go out the front door . medium shot bruno and guy go out the front door . the man-servant do not close it immediately , so we be able to hear the call for Mr. Antony 's car . closeup barbara she turn she head and look up the stair . Barbara have not quite recover from she ordeal . she hurry forward to greet Anne who be hurry down the stair . two shot camera pan down with Anne as she descend the last few step . Barbara enter the picture and the two girl meet at the foot of the stair . anne what 's the matter , Barbara ? do you see it happen ? do you see it -- all ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 88. closeup barbara barbara ( still shake ) he look at I ! his hand be on she throat , but , he be strangling I ! closeup anne anne ( aghast ) how do you mean ? two shot barbara he be look at she first . then he look over at I . he go into a sort of trance ( shudder ) he look horrible ! ( reflectively ) he think he be murdering I . closeup anne she look away , with grow consciousness of the situation two shot barbara Anne , why I ? why I ? what do I have to do with it ? Anne be extremely concerned and thoughtful . suddenly she get a idea and with a pat on Barbara 's arm , ask hurriedly : anne do you know where guy be ? barbara he go out with that man ! Anne hurry to the front door and pass through . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 89 . ext . house Anne come out onto the step and look around . she stop short as she see : long shot ext . STREET from anne's viewpoint there be car line up outside on the street . one limousine be pull up in the center , two figure at the passenger door . one be climb in . the other be guy . closeup anne she call out urgently : anne guy ! close shot guy turn and close the door . medium shot from anne's viewpoint the limousine move off and guy come toward she . medium shot Anne come down the step and intercept guy on the sidewalk . she lead he along a few pace and then stop and face he . close two shot Anne nod off in the direction of the depart bruno and speak in a desperate , low voice . anne you do not meet he for the first time the other day , do you , guy ? guy stare at she for a moment . guy you mean when you introduce we at the club ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 90 . anne yes . do you notice how he stare at Barbara that day ? guy ( awkwardly ) well , I do not -- particularly -- anne ( break in ) he stare at she again tonight -- while he hand be around Mrs. cunningham 's throat . guy look at Anne with a expression of grow fear and alarm . she go on inexorably : anne what do Miriam look like , guy . guy ( awkwardly ) well , why do you ask I ? you have see she picture in the paper . anne go on , I want you to tell I . guy ( haltingly ) well , she be dark , not too tall , rather pretty -- anne what else ? guy what else be there ? anne she wear glass , do not she ? guy yes . anne she look a lot like Barbara , do not she ? guy suddenly begin to realize what Anne be get at . Anne lower she head , deliberately avoid look at guy , as she ask : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 91. anne how do you get he to do it , guy . guy I get he to do it ? anne he kill Miriam , do not he ? tell I , guy ! guy yes. ( suddenly burst out ) he 's a maniac . I meet he on the train go to metcalf . he have a crazy scheme about exchange murder . I do he murder and he do mine . anne ( quietly ) what do you mean -- you murder , guy ? guy well , he would read about I in the paper . he know about Miriam -- and about you . he suggest that if he get rid of Miriam for I , I should kill he father . anne you must have realize he be talk a lot of nonsense ! guy of course ! I do not give it another think . and now a lunatic want I to kill he father . anne ( beginning to believe ) it 's too fantastic ! guy ( grimly ) yes , be not it ? anne you mean you have know about Miriam all this time ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 92. guy since the first night . he give I she glass . anne why do not you call the police ? guy ( bitterly ) and have they say what you do -- " Mr. haine , how do you get he to do it ? " and bruno would say we would plane it together . anne oh , guy -- what can we do ? guy I do not know , Anne ... I do not know . anne ( with a anxious look across the street ) guy , have not we better go inside ? you friend hennessy 's watch we . ( she shudder ) guy ( sadly ) you see , Anne , that 's why I do not want you to know anything about this . I want to protect all of you -- you father , Barbara . and now that you know , you be act guilty , too . anne ( desperately ) oh , if we could only talk to father or someone about it . guy no , that 's no good , Anne . I must not drag anyone else into this mess . come on . let 's go in . they go toward the house . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 93. two shot across the STREET as hennessy watch Anne and guy go toward the house , he relief , hammond , come up . hammond 's a zealous , hard - eye sleuth . hennessy ( a little glum ) hello , hammond . hammond you look worried . what 's the matter ? hennessy you would better keep on you toe . something funny 's go on . dissolve to : int . guy apartment later that night still in he dinner clothes , guy be seat in deep think near the telephone , wrestle with he problem . there be a open telephone directory in front of he . he come to a decision , pick up the telephone and dial a number . he wait for the answer , then : guy bruno ? yes , yes , it 's guy ... I have decide to do what you want . I will make that little visit to father .... ( listen a moment ) tonight . ( listen another moment ) yes , I want to get this thing over with , can you leave the house again , bruno ? ( pause ) you would better stay out till daylight . guy hang up , rise and start to move with purpose for he night 's activity . dissolve to : int . guy apartment night guy be sit at the table . he be dress differently , have change from he dinner clothes to a sack suit . there be only one lamp light in the room . guy present a grim picture . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 94. he be study the plan of bruno 's house , and he pick up the key bruno send along with it . finally he look at he watch , then fold the plan and put it in he pocket with the key . he rise , cross to the chest of drawer , open the top drawer . insert : the OPEN drawer guy 's hand take out the luger . his hand then pick up Miriam 's glass from the drawer , hold they a moment . he be about to put they back , then decide to take they along , put they into he pocket . mo . shot camera pan guy across to the window . he part the curtain slightly and look out . mo . shot on STREET ( from guy viewpoint ) hammond be lighting a cigarette as he stroll in front of the house . int . guy apartment guy cross to he door , which he open surreptitiously . mo . shot corridor guy glance down the stair , then close the door behind he quietly and move away to a window at the turn of the stair . ext . FIRE escape guy come out of the window onto the second floor fire escape . he creep stealthily down and emerge into a narrow alleyway . he step back into the shadow for a moment when he see : long shot from guy viewpoint ( process ) the strolling figure of hammond on the far side of the street . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 95 . mo . shot guy turn away and be soon lose in the darkness of the street . lap dissolve to : ext . a tall pair of elaborate iron gate night we be on the inside of the gate . we see they swing open slightly and the figure of guy edge through they . close shot guy leave the gate ajar and then , take the plan of bruno 's house from he pocket , and the key , he look toward the house . ext . step long shot night this be a long flight of step . moonlit . they be line with tall black cypress tree which throw they shadow across the step . guy move out of one shadow , into another and carefully start up the stair . at the door he pause , look about for a moment and listen . then he put the key into the lock , find it with he flashlight . the door open a few inch . he turn off the flash , and enter . int . antony home entrance hall as guy move in soundlessly and close the door . he look toward the stair which be in shadow . mo . shot guy start up the stair slowly . he carry he flashlight and the plan . at the top of the stair the dog a huge shadow lie it the head of the stair . as guy come slowly up the stair , the great dane look down at he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 96 . guy on the stair he react to the sight of the dog , stop a instant , and turn on he flashlight . the heavy massive face of the dog look straight down at he . guy turn off the flashlight and after a moment of indecision start slowly up the stair once more , the dog watch every step he take . upper hallway guy come up the last few stair and still the dog have not move . guy slowly edge past he and the great dane 's head turn to watch he . guy move quietly along the hallway , approach two door . he take out he flash and identify the door with he plan . insert : the plan show two door in relation to the stairway . the first one be clearly mark : " my room . " the adjoin door be mark : " my father be room . " close shot guy he pause at the first door , then pass it quietly , walk on to the next one . he turn the knob soundlessly and pass through into the room . int . antony bedroom long shot the room be in darkness except for the dim outline of the recumbent figure in the bed . we hear guy 's voice , in a loud whisper : guy Mr. Antony ! the figure stir . another angle guy take a stop closer to the bed . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 97 . guy ( urgently ) Mr. Antony ! do not be alarmed -- but I must talk to you about you son . about bruno . Mr. Antony ! the figure on the bed turn and a hand stretch out toward a bedside light . the light go on with a sudden glare . closeup face of bruno in the light ( low camera ) the low camera throw a vast shadow up on the wall behind he , create a grimace of he smile . bruno yes , Mr. haine ? closeup guy his face be dead . mo . shot bruno rise from the bed and sit on the and of it . he be fully dress , just as he be at the party , in white tie and tail . bruno ( politely ) my father be not home tonight , Mr. haine . ( smile grimly at guy 's surprise ) I be about to tell you that over the phone . but you come to such a sudden decision . I wonder why . guy ( recover quickly ) since you send I a key to you house , I decide to use it -- to make a little social call on you father . I think he would be interested to know he he a lunatic son . the faintest flicker of bruno 's eye indicate the intensity of he reaction . he stare hard at guy . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 98. bruno then a I correct , Mr. haine , in assume that you have no intention of go ahead with we arrangement ? guy no intention whatsoever . I never have . bruno I see . you will not have any further use for the key , then , Mr. haine . ( he hold out he hand and guy give he the key ) thank you very such . as bruno continue to stare at he , guy take out the luger . for a moment a look of fear come into bruno 's face as he think guy will probably shoot he . after a pause , guy toss the gun on the bed . guy or this . bruno 's relief turn again to menace . he pick up the gun and finger it nervously . guy ( kindly ) look , bruno . you be terribly sick . ( haltingly ) I do not know whether it 's possible for you to realize it or not . I do not know much about this thing , bruno . but why do not you go someplace where you can get some treatment ? not only for you own sake , bruno , but you can not go on cause more and more destruction to anyone you happen to meet . bruno pay no attention . he rise . two shot guy 's argument have make no impression on bruno whatsoever . he finger the gun . bruno I do not like to be doublecross . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 99 . bruno ( cont 'd ) I have a murder on my conscience , but it 's not my murder , Mr. haine -- it 's yours . and as you be the one to profit , I think you should be the one to pay for it . for a instant he nervous hand seem to be struggle with the urge to kill guy . guy ( give up ) well , I guess it 's no use , bruno . we see to have nothing further to discuss . bruno go to the door in silent acquiescence and open it for guy to pass through . int . hallway mo . shot guy walk toward the stair , tense and apprehensive . bruno be follow he , still hold the gun . when the great dane see bruno it get to its foot , as if wait for a command . guy start down the stair but bruno stay where he be , the dog beside he . Gay turn and look back it this tableaux of menace . bruno do not worry . I be not go to shoot you , Mr. haine . it might disturb mother . ( with a feel of power ) I be a very clever follow . I will think of something better than that . much better . long shot bruno remain in the foreground of the scene as guy proceed on down the stair . we see he open the front door and pass through . lap dissolve to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 100 . ext . STREET across guy apartment early close shot hennessy and hammond morning hennessy be relieving hammond who have keep watch on guy 's apartment night . hammond ( in the middle of he story ) he come back at three twenty - five . I do not even know he would give I the slip until he ' phone keep ringing for about half a hour . nobody sleep that sound . so I get the janitor to let I in . no haine . hennessy ( to himself ) wonder where he go ? hammond we will probably hear of another dame murder . hennessy ( puzzle ) shut up . I would better contact metcalf . I should think this call for more question of Mr. haine . hammond questioning ? nut ! let 's take he in . hennessy my dear Mr. hamond , how many time do I have to tell you that we have nothing conclusive on haine ? there 's no evidence that he be ever at the scene of the crime . can not you get that into you thick head ? ( quietly ) now stay put till I get back . as he start away -- fade out . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 101. fade in int . antony live room late morning Anne and Mrs. Antony be in the middle of a conversation . Anne 's manner be tense and purposeful , Mrs. Antony 's much less serious . mrs . antony oh , now , miss burton , really ! I know bruno 's be in some very awkward scrape , but nothing so ridiculous as a murder . ( she give a short little laugh ) anne ( desperately ) but , Mrs. Antony , you have get to make he do something about this . do not you see that just one word from he would extricate guy from this dreadful situation ? mrs . antony ( lightly ) oh , but miss burton , I be sure this thing must be some practical joke . you know , bruno sometimes go too far . ( girl to girl ) of course I should not be say this to a outsider , but sometimes he 's terribly irresponsible and get into all kind of escapade . anne but do not you understand , Mrs. Antony -- you son be responsible for a woman 's death . mrs . antony ( draw herself up with some hauteur ) do bruno tell you this ? anne of course not , Mrs. Antony . mrs . antony ( that settles it ) well , there you be . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 102. mrs . antony ( cont 'd ) ( she sigh and rise , wind it up ) well , miss burton , it be very nice of you to call . you must excuse I now . I must get back to my painting . do you care for painting , miss burton ? I find it so soothing . ( shake Anne 's hand ) you must come again sometime . she go out . Anne be leave helpless , stand in the middle of the room . she pick up she purse and be about to go when she hear a voice : bruno' voice oh , miss burton ! Anne turn back in direction of the voice . camera pull back until we can see the foot of bruno protrude from behind a chair in which he be sit . he have obviously hear the entire conversation between Anne and he mother . bruno rise . he be in dress gown and pajamas . bruno I be afraid mother be not very helpful , be she ? ( he stroll toward Anne ) you know she have not be well for a long time . she 's a little -- how shall I say -- confuse . ( shake he head commiseratingly ) poor mother . Anne be too stunne to speak . bruno you know , I be very upset with guy . he should not have send you on a errand like this . anne guy do not know I be here , Mr. Antony . bruno he 's be lead you up the garden path , I be afraid . he must be very desperate to try to involve I . I have be protect he ever since we have that conversation on the train and he tell I how he hate he wife . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 103. bruno be now stand near the window a little apart from Anne , with he back to he . he take something out of the pocket of he dress gown and look down at it in he hand . it be guy 's lighter . suddenly he stuff it back he pocket and turn back to Anne . bruno why , do you know , miss burton , he try to get I to go back to the island one night after dark and pick up he lighter so the police would not find it ? he drop it there , you know , when -- well , that night . Anne 's horror be grow . bruno the whole thing 's be worry I so much . but of course I could not do it , miss burton . it would have be too risky . and besides , it would have make I a accessory . Anne stare at this insane man and sink on the settee . she start to cry in sheer frustration . bruno go to she sympathetically . bruno miss burton , I know how you feel . he put he hand on she shoulder . Anne fling it off . there be a awkward pause as bruno look down at she . then he begin to look around restlessly . bruno miss burton , you must excuse I . I have a urgent appointment . ( look it he watch ) I must go up and change . now , I really must go ... if you will excuse I ... he turn , start out of the room and up the stair in the hall . Anne watch he . stairway from anne's viewpoint bruno turn and wave to Anne from the landing , then go on up the stair . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 104. int . live room mo . shot Anne slowly rise , a lonely figure in the large room , and make she way out . dissolve to : long shot forest hill stadium group . a game be in progress . mo . shot a terrace near the MAIN stadium ( process ) where people get refreshment . there be various table with umbrella . mo . shot at one of table ( process ) Anne and guy be seat at the table . anne ... and he say that if the police find you lighter there , that 's all they would need -- something to prove you be at the scene of the murder . guy ( grimly ) that big lie about my want he to get it back mean he 's go to put my lighter on that island ! anne ( urgently ) guy , you will have to get there before he do . you will not have time to play , you would better tell they . ( she nod she head in the direction of the center court ) guy darling , if that loudspeaker announce that I be not go to play , hennessy bound to be suspicious he would keep I from ever get near metcalf . anne then I will go . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 105 . guy ( quickly ) no , darling . ( he put he hand on hers and speak firmly , with concern for she safety as well as for he own situation ) you stay right here and help I give hennessy the slip after the match . anne but , guy , that will be too late ! guy ( get a think ) do not bruno say that I want he together there one night after dark ? anne yes . guy well , that 's what 's in he mind now . he 's not go to expose himself in broad daylight , if I can finish off this match in three set , I will still get there in time . reynold , guy 's opponent , enter scene behind guy 's chair . reynold we be on in a few minute , guy. ( to Anne ) how be you , miss Morton . Anne acknowledge he greeting with a nod . guy okay , Tim . be right with you . reynold leave Anne and guy rise , and as they walk toward the stadium , we can see guy start to speak to Anne in a whisper . entrance to cover stand already shot hennessy and hammond be stand by . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 106. hammond well , if turley say to pick he up for question , let 's pick he up ! hennessy let he have he game first , hammond . hammond ( sourly ) this be the first time I ever wait for a murder suspect to play tennis before I pull he in . when the boy it headquarters heir about this they will send I orchid . guy and Anne come into the scene just as the player from the previous match emerge . they pass through , nodd to hennessy . hennessy good luck , guy . guy be so preoccupy with he grim do not nod to hennessy until Anne nudge he . inside the stand mo . shot Anne be reluctant to leave guy who must now join he opponent , reynold . guy you get it straight ? ( anne nod ) just make sure Barbara have everything ready as soon as the third set start . he go on to the court , and Anna go to she box . mo . shot Anne join Barbara in the box . she start to whisper something to she . long shot guy and reynold complete they warm - up as the umpire announce that guy be to serve . the game start . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 107 . ext . antony home a taxi be at the front door . bruno be descend the step . he get into the cab , which move off . forest hill mo . shot announcer's booth ( process ) over the shoulder of the announcer we see the game in progress through the window of he booth . announcer -- it look like a interesting match with haine constantly charge the net -- not like haine at all -- to press so early in the game ... mo . shot ten court guy and he opponent , reynold , in play . guy score a point . closeup the umpire he announce game to haine . mo . long shot we see the two man change end and come toward the umpiri 's chair . reynold stop to take a drink of water . guy , with a impatient glance at he , move over to the pass line and wait , the camera go with he . ext . WASHINGTON STREET a taxicab be see come along . mo . shot inside cab ( process ) bruno be sit with in unlight cigarette in he mouth . camera move in until he be in big closeup . his eye look down . there be the SOUND of a click , then , guy 's lighter come up into the picture hold against the cigarette . lap dissolve to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 108. fade in long shot forest hill stadium group . a game be in progress . mo . shot a terrace where people get refreshment . there be various table with umbrella . mo . shot at one of table ( process ) guy be seat . he have he racket with he and be wait he turn to start he match . a official be talk to he but guy keep look around as if expect someone . official well , at least there would be a trip to Australia , if you make it . guy ( absently ) we will know more about that by the end of the week ... ( he face brighten as he see Anne ) Anne hurry in , nod briefly to the official who have start to leave , and sit down . official they be close to the finish , guy guy be right there . ( turn to Anne ) I be afraid you would not get here . wish I luck , darling . he make a move as if to follow official toward the stadium , but Anne put hand on he arm . anne ( quickly and urgently ) guy , listen to I , if I sound all mix up I can not help it . I -- I be scared . guy what about ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 109 . anne that 's just it . I do not know . it 's bruno . I talk to he , guy -- guy stare at she , take a quick look toward the stadium , then give Anne he full attention . anne he act peculiar -- as if he could put the murder right in you lap , and not involve himself at all . guy ( shaking he head ) he would drag himself into it , -- and bruno love bruno . I be all right so long as he think I have a alibi for that night . ( notice the stricken look on Anne be face ) he know ? Anne nod slowly . guy ( grimly ) then he will think of something . he say he would . anne guy , have he anything that the police could trace to you -- ( quote bruno ) any little thing . guy my cigarette lighter . he say once he could have leave it on the island as evidence ( a pause ) but he would not do that . not in broad day light . anne ( try to think ) but he 's go somewhere , guy . he tell he mother -- guy ( tensely ) metcalf -- do he say metcalf ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 110. anne no , -- I do not think so . oh , why can not I remember -- he say such crazy thing ! guy ( tensely ) try to think , Anne ! voice ( offscene ) guy haine ! -- reynold ! while Anne be frantically try to remember , guy turn toward , the stadium and give a signal of " be right there . " anne something about the moon -- he say he have a appointment with the moon . guy 's shoulder droop with disappointment . guy that 's no help . but I can not take any chance . I have get to get that lighter -- somehow . reynold , guy 's opponent , enter scene behind guy 's chair . reynold okay , guy . we be on . he walk away . Anne and guy rise , follow he . guy I will have to default . anne and have hennessy and that other one right at you heel ? guy 's expression say she 's right , as they walk toward the stadium . entrance to cover stand hennessy and hammond , the two detective , be stand by . hammond first time I ever wait for a killer to play tennis before I nab he ! ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 111. hammond ( cont 'd ) when the boy at headquarters hear about this they will send I a orchid ! hennessy we get we order . we take he in -- after the match . guy and Anne come into the scene just as the player from the previous match emerge . they pass through , nodd to hennessy . hennessy ( a little sadly ) good luck , guy ! guy give he a thank - you nod . hammond roll he eye in disgust at hennessy 's politeness . inside the stand mo . shot Anne be about to turn to she box but she be reluctant to leave guy , who must now join he opponent , reynold . as they eye hold , in mutual helplessness , guy suddenly stare at she with realization . guy the moon ! you say he have a appointment -- Anne look puzzle as guy look up at the sun , then at he watch . guy then he be go to metcalf . but he have to wait until it get dark -- ( with frantic haste , he think quickly , then murmur to Anne ) listen , Anne , as soon as the third set start , tell Barbara -- mo . close shot reynold wait at the bottom of step to the stand . guy join he opponent , and Anne go to she box . guy and reynold move onto the court amid the round of applause that greet they . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 112. medium shot anne join barbara in the box . she start to whisper something to she . long shot guy and reynold complete they warm - up as the umpire announce that guy be to serve . the game start . ext . antony home a taxi be at the front door . bruno be descend the step . he get into the cab , which move off . forest hill mo . shot announcer's booth over the shoulder of the announcer we see the game in progress through the window of he booth . announcer it look like a interesting match -- with haine out to blast reynold into a fast fight , -- not like haine at all -- to press so early in the game ... mo . shot the court guy and he opponent , reynold , in play . guy score a point . closeup the umpire he announce game to haine . mo . long shot we see the two man change end and come toward the umpire 's chair . reynold stop to take a drink of Water . guy , with a impatient glance it he , move over to the pass line and wait , the camera go with he . ext . WASHINGTON STREET a taxicab be see come along . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 113. mo . shot inside taxi cab bruno be sit with a unlight cigarette in he mouth . camera move in until he be in big closeup . his eye look down . there be the SOUND of a click , then guy 's lighter come up into the picture hold against the cigarette . lap dissolve to : int . announcer's booth forest hill the announcer be broadcasting the progress of the match and we learn from he that this first set be nearly finish . long shot the court guy and reynold in play . mo . shot Anne and Barbara sit in they box watch the play anxiously . mo . shot at the entrance to the cover stand . the two detective hennessy and hammond , be watch . hammond be bored by this game . hammond stupid game . you would never get I into they short pants . I would feel naked . hennessy ( he eye intent on the game ) you would feel naked in a eskimo suit -- if you be not wear you badge . mo . shot guy play hard but hold he own . mo . shot reynold , he opponent , play back . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 114. long shot the big crowd watch . mo . shot guy score point over reynold . mo . shot there be general applause from the crowd in the cover stand as we hear the umpire 's announcement . umpire voice ( o.s. ) Mr. haine win the first set . ext . union station WASHINGTON D.C. we see bruno get out of a cab and pass into the depot . long shot forest hill the game in process . mo . shot a nearer view of the game . close shot guy in play volley with reynold . close shot reynold play the cover stand people be concentrate . mo . shot guy miss a point and the game . he and reynold make for the umpire 's chair . we hear the umpire announce . umpire voice game to Mr. reynold . Games be two all ... second set . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 115. int . union station WASHINGTON , D.C. bruno be casually wait for the train . he stand near a news -stand read a paper . insert : we see that the paper be open at the sport page . there be a picture of guy among other tennis player . with a dissolve the whole character of this page change with the exception of guy 's picture , which become surround with large type , announce the arrest of guy haine for the murder of he wife Miriam . a sub-head tell of guy 's cigarette lighter find at the scene of the crime . all this dissolves away and the page become once more the sport section . closeup bruno look up with satisfaction . long shot forest hill the crowd watch . mo . shot guy and reynold in play . mo . shot guy play hard . mo . shot reynold play back . closeup the umpire watch the game . suddenly he announce : umpire game to Mr. reynold . Games be three all ... second set . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 116. int . club car on train bruno be now seat in he accustom place in the club car . his glove finger be quietly toy with guy 's lighter . a passenger next to he ask : passenger May I have a light , please ? bruno look at he for a moment and then at the lighter . with great deliberation he put the lighter away in he pocket and take out book -match . lighting a match , he hold it to he fellow passenger 's cigarette . long shot forest hill the game as see from under the cover stand . mo . shot Anne and Barbara very tense . closeup guy about to serve , look anxiously across the court . closeup the clock closeup guy as he serve . closeup reynold return . closeup ball hit the net . closeup umpire announce . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 117. umpire second set to haine . haine lead two set to love . there be a round of applause . we see the head of the two player reach the umpire 's chair . guy , very anxious still , as he wipe he neck with a towel . int . cover stand close shot anne barbara Anne be speak . anne if he win this next set -- you would better have everything ready . ( take bill from she purse and hand it to Barbara ) here -- give the driver this ten dollar . barbara ( puzzle ) I wish understand what this be all about ! anne ( urgently ) you do not have to understand , just do it . and for heaven 's sake , act natural . Barbara nod and go along . entrance to cover stand Barbara smile winningly at hennessy as she go through . her interpretation of " act natural " be exaggerated and rather comical . hammond 's eye narrow as he look after she suspiciously . long shot the game in progress . guy start the next set . he serve . mo . shot reynold return . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 118. mo . shot guy volley . mo . shot reynold put the ball in the air . close shot guy smashes . close shot the ball hit the net . closeup umpire umpire Love fifteen . long shot the crowd we hear the smash of the ball and the voice of the umpire . umpire voice ( o.s. ) Love thirty . closeup anne look very worried . again the call of the umpire . umpire voice ( o.s. ) double fault . Love forty . int . the announcer's booth the announcer tell he listener that guy haine seem to be a little reckless . announcer -- haine have not let up he terrific pace for a instant , smash every ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 119 . announcer ( cont 'd ) ball with a recklessness we have never see in he play . it 's beginning to look as if he do not care whether he win or lose because he 's in a hurry - a awfully big hurry --- lap dissolve to : ext . metcalf station we see bruno alight from the train . he make he way in the direction of the town . mo . shot metcalf station as bruno come toward we , he stand on the sidewalk and then take the lighter from he pocket once more . at this moment a hurry passenger on he way to the depot accidentally jog bruno 's elbow . the lighter fly from he hand . close shot we see it fall through the bar of a grate by the sidewalk . closeup bruno look down in dismay . forest hill mo . shot the game in progress . guy and he opponent play hard . guy miss a point . we hear the umpire 's call . umpire voice ( o.s ) game to Mr. reynold . Mr. reynold lead five game to three in the third set . ext . metcalf station bruno be lead a porter toward the grate , pull he by the arm . they reach the drain . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 120. bruno down there -- my -- my cigarette -- ( catch himself -- not want to say " cigarette lighter " ) case . it 's very valuable . porter ( peer down ) down here ? bruno you have get to get this grate up right away . two passersby enter . first passerby what 's the trouble ? bruno ( yell ) can not we do something ...! ( to passerby ) I drop my cigarette case . porter ( look down ) might not be any good , mister . probably go down the storm drain . bruno ( horrify ) Storm drain ? first passerby on the other hand , it might have lodge on the edge . second passerby do not they have a trap down there -- like under a sink ? bruno ( excited ) do not just stand here -- do something ! porter ( calmly ) guess we could phone the city engineer , all right . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 121. porter ( cont 'd ) worst he could do would be to tell I to take a run jump and -- ( bruno grab he arm . porter shake bruno off ) relax , mister . bruno I do not want to relax . he go on he knee and force he arm down the drain . int . the announcer's booth forest hill announcer ( with great excitement ) this be more than a tennis game , lady and gentleman -- it 's a desperate fight with guy haine play as if he life depend on it ! mo . shot guy be volley . mo . shot reynold lob . closeup guy smashes . close shot reynold lob again . close shot guy smashes . close shot reynold miss and the ball hit inside the line . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 122. closeup the umpire call . umpire game to Mr. haine . Mr. reynold lead five game to four ... third set . ext . metcalf station mo . shot a few more passersby have stop to watch bruno , whose arm be push through the grate . closeup bruno 's face -- strain . closeup under the grate bruno 's hand be grop . his finger be a long way from the lighter . long shot forest hill with the game in progress . mo . shot ext . club a taxi have pull up . Barbara get out . close shot she take the ten dollar bill from she purse and pass it to the driver . she give a final look inside the cab . closeup on the seat be guy 's everyday pants , laid out . mo . shot Barbara hurry out of the picture toward the club . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 123. long shot the crowd watch . closeup the tense face of Anne . closeup the umpire be somewhat impressed . int . the announcer's booth closeup the announcer be tell he listener that the score be now six - five in favor of haine . that he have pull up wonderfully and only need one more game to win the match . ext . cover stand entrance Barbara , very nervous but try to " act natural " , pass hennessy and hammond . hammond 's eye again follow she , but hennessy be intent on the game . mo . shot featuring BOX as Barbara join Anne , she give she a surreptitious signal by ringing she thumb and forefinger , indicate everything be set . close shot guy now play hard . closeup his racket smash at the ball . closeup reynold and he racket hit the ball back . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 124. closeup the umpire calling umpire advantage , Mr. haine . closeup guy serve . closeup his ball hit the racket . closeup the ball in the net . closeup a second ball hit the net . the umpire 's voice call : umpire voice ( o.s ) duece ! ext . metcalf station a low shot on bruno bent over the grate and the onlooker behind he . big head closeup bruno strain and panicky . closeup under the grate , bruno 's finger get near the lighter , and in they grop , they knock the lighter off the ledge , onto the ledge below . closeup bruno 's horror-stricken face . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 125. forest hill mo . shot guy still play . close shot Barbara stand with hennessy , watch . we hear the score . umpire voice ( o.s ) advantage , Mr. reynold . closeup anne unable to bear the suspense . she glance o.s. mo . shot the wait cab . close shot guy and reynold in play . umpire voice ( o.s ) score be deuce . close shot reynold serve . close shot guy volley . he wait for the return ball . he miss it . umpire voice ( o.s ) advantage , Mr. reynold . ext . metcalf station angle shoot through the grate at closeup bruno' head and shoulder stain . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 126. closeup under the grate , bruno 's finger go lower and lower , strain to reach the lighter , which be still a few inch out of reach . forest hill mo . shot guy be volley with reynold . int . announcer's booth he be very excited . announcer -- haine have not let up for a moment . if he win this set , he win the whole match ! closeup anne and barbara in they box . they be extremely tense . mo . shot guy slam hard a shot that win he the game . long shot crowd applaud and shouting . close shot anne and barbara at a urgent signal from Anne , Barbara hurry out as if she know what she have to do . long shot guy shake hand with he opponent , and then hurry across to Anne in the stand . he lean over the front of the box . while congratulate he outwardly , she whisper something to he . he leave he racket with she and hurry away . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 127. mo . shot stand entrance a block of people leave cut off hennessy 's view . Barbara try desperately to keep he attention off guy . barbara ( breathlessly ) be not it wonderful , Mr. hennessy ? he win ! it call for a celebration . Anne say you must have dinner with we . just the family , and you , and guy . hennessy ( awkwardly ) sorry I can not make it . Business . barbara but guy be you business . you will be with he , will not you ? hennessy ( a little grimly ) yeah -- I will be with guy . mo . shot guy move along the front of the stand make for another exit . close shot Barbara take it for grant that hennessy will accept she invitation . barbara guy say you love steak -- rare , medium , or well - do ? hennessy I sure wish I could -- semi closeup hammond be look off . he call into the stand . hammond hennessy ! he point off toward guy . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 128. mo . shot guy be hurry toward the public entrance of the stand . semi closeup hennessy and hammond move off , leave a dismay Barbara . semi long shot guy hurry under the stand toward the wait cab . mo . shot the two man hurry after he . ext . club guy go to the wait cab and get in . the cab move off . mo . shot the two man hurry out of the club and stand helplessly look after the depart cab . they hurry out of the picture . close shot we see they grab another car . it be a chauffeur- drive limousine . hammond jump in front and seat himself beside the driver . hennessy hop in the back . the car move off . int . limousine two shot hennessy find himself seat by a old dowager about seventy - five year of age . she look startle for a moment and almost recoil from he . he show she he badge . hennessy if you will pardon we , madam , we need you help . we be chase a man . the old lady 's eye light up . dowager how exciting . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 129. dowager ( cont 'd ) ( she lean forward and call to the chauffeur ) hurry , O'Toole ! hurry ! she lean back and maintain she air of excitement as she look across at hennessy . close shot inside the taxi guy be busy change he pants . he glance over he shoulder . int . car the two man look ahead toward guy . ext . metcalf station closeup brun0 be face - angle shoot up to get the peer face behind he . bruno still frantically try to reach the lighter . closeup under the grate bruno 's finger slowly close in on the lighter . they barely manage to grasp it . closeup brunuss face -- triumphant . closeup bruno 's fist , hold the lighter , come through the grate . close shot bruno straighten up . camera back as all the onlooker turn they head in he direction . onlooker you sure must think a lot of that -- whatever it be . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 130 . bruno do not answer . with the lighter in he close fist , he dart through the crowd , the people look after he . long shot the sun be much lower . int . club car guy be now glance at he watch . the sun be behind he and very much lower . ext . amusement park bruno be look at he watch and then across at the sky . long shot from he viewpoint the last trace of the set sun have go . ext . metcalf station mo . shot guy be step off the train . he cross to a wait taxi , camera following he . close shot guy ( to the driver ) the amusement park , quick . as he get in the cab , we go to -- close shot man watch guy get into taxi . as we hear the taxi drive away , the man hurry across to a wait police car . close shot he put he head in the side window and tell the two wait detective where guy have go . man amusement park . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 131. we see one of the detective take up a microphone as the car drive off . ext . amusement park it be now get dark . mo . shot bruno leave he spot at the side of the tent and amble over toward the queue of people wait for boat . close shot bruno join the queue . he glance ahead of he . mo . shot from he viewpoint we see the light above the pay booth go on , shed a downward glare . close shot bruno pull he hat a little further over he , eye . some new arrival join the queue behind he . int . taxi guy look anxiously ahead on he way to the amusement park . amusement park entrance we see a police car arrive . one uniform man and two detective get out of the car and make they way toward the entrance . one of to detective stand at the entrance while the other two hurry into the grounds . mo . shot guy 's taxi arrive . mo . shot across the street , another police car arrive . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 132. mo . shot at guy be pay he cab fare , he glance around he . mo . shot from he viewpoint he see one police car . close shot guy give a furtive glance around while wait for he change . mo . shot another police car mo . shot guy cautiously make he way toward the entrance to the amusement Park . mo . shot guy pass the wait detective and look off . from he viewpoint we see : mo . shot the two detective who be at the station indicate guy be the man . mo . shot one detective turn away and start to follow guy . close shot bruno in the queue of people . he be edging slowly along . he be about ten people away from the entrance . he suddenly look ahead and see . from he viewpoint the uniform man and the detective be talk casually to the boat man in charge of the concession . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 133. detective ( to boatman ) the killer be here tonight . so keep you eye open and the minute you see he , let we know . close shot the boatman look at they with a expression of alarm . close shot bruno begin to look a little uneasy . we see he begin to mentally deliberate . mo . shot guy , thread he way through the crowd , conscious that he be be follow , but nevertheless , on the lookout for bruno . close shot bruno move along the line . camera move in until he head and shoulder fill the screen . he be now come within range of the flood - light pay -box . the light seem to creep up across he chest and slowly reveal he face . he lower he head . mo . shot the boatman begin to look along the queue . there be a expression of grow recognition on he face . mo . shot bruno see this , make a decision and casually desert the queue of people . mo . shot the boatman hurry across to the uniform man and begin to talk to he excitedly , look in bruno 's direction . mo . shot guy come along and look for bruno . his eye light up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 134. semi - long shot from he viewpoint we see bruno make he way from the queue of people . close shot guy call to bruno . guy hey , bruno . close shot bruno give a quick glance back , see guy then he turn and look off in another direction . semi -long shot the uniform man and the boatman approach he . close shot bruno hurry on . he stop short as he see . semi - long shot from he viewpoint another uniform man . mo . shot bruno start to run . mo . shot guy start to run after he . mo . shot bruno be see to jump on a merry - go-round , which be just start . its pace be already pretty fast . mo . shot guy run toward bruno . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 135. close shot detective haine ! hold it ! hold it ! the detective pull out he gun and start to run after guy . semi -long shot guy jump on the merry - go-round after bruno . its speed be so great that he nearly get flung off . close shot the detective fire at guy . close shot the man run the machine in the center of the merry - go - round be suddenly hit in the shoulder . close shot his hand , which be on the start lever , jerk it down . mo . shot the detective , after guy , jump on the machine but be flung off on he back . full shot the merry - go-round have now start to increase the speed . close shot bruno at the far side be try to jump off , but it 's go too fast . long shot from he viewpoint we see the hard ground whizzing past he . everything seem to be a blur . we get a glimpse of scream woman and the crowd rush up from the midway . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 136. close shot bruno he turn and glance over he shoulder . mo . shot from he viewpoint guy be thread he way between the rise and fall horse . guy get right up close to he . two shot as guy come near to bruno , the latter turn on he and start to attack he . bruno I want to get off of here ! let I off of here ! it make I dizzy . guy stop it , bruno . give I my lighter , bruno ! med.shot against the whirling background of the merry - go-round , turley and Campbell rush up as the detective struggle to he foot , slightly hurt . the noise from the calliope be very loud . campbell ( to turley , puzzle ; indicate the merry - go-round ) who 's the man he 's fight with on there ? at this moment the boatman rush up . boatman ( excited ) there he be ! that 's the one ! that 's the one who kill she ! turley of course he be . we know that . close shot on merry-go-round guy and bruno in a struggle . guy have to protect himself from a madman whose hand attempt to reach he throat . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 137. they be staggering across between the rise and fall horse . mo . shot outside merry-go-round a detective turn to the group around he . detective get somebody to come and stop that thing ! a elderly man in soile work clothes speak up . workman I will handle it . immediately the workman head straight for the merry - go-round and start to crawl under it on he stomach . detective ( call after he ) hey ! be careful ! stop ! a second detective speak to he quizzically . 2 nd detective well , do you want to do it yourself ? the first detective lean over and look off toward the workman who be continue he slithering way under the machine , then straighten up . 1st detective ( change he mind ) no . I think he will make it all right . mo . shot guy and bruno bruno swing around till he back be to we . he push guy toward the edge , but guy manage to grab the rein of the nearest horse . the momentum of the machine swing guy around against the horse , whose big head tower in the f.g. bruno , on this side of the horse push forward and try to grab the rein from guy 's hand . he try to slash at guy 's face . the back of bruno 's head be toward we during this . guy suddenly lean out across the horse and smashes he fist against bruno 's face . bruno 's head go back until it be in the f.g. in a upside - down position . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 138. mo . shot the camera be low so that we get the effect of bruno fall into the camera from guy 's blow ! mo . shot in the f.g. be a young boy of four year . he be excited by the speed of the ride and laugh at the fight with great enjoyment . he see this by suddenly glance over he shoulder . in the b.g. guy and bruno be continue they fight . bruno rise . guy stagger after he . bruno again leap upon guy . the two man sway toward the camera until bruno get alongside the little boy . the boy now show some anxiety . the three figure now fill the screen with the horse ' head in the f.g. bruno be force against the little boy , who now , alarmed , beat bruno on the cheek with one hand , the other hold onto the brass rail in front . bruno stop and with a sweep of he arm , knock the little boy off the horse onto the floor below . the little boy , in fall , grab the horse 's rein or stirrup . close shot guy break away from bruno and dive around the back of the horse to grab the little boy . close shot as guy grab the boy , he stagger forward with he to a small gondola . bruno leap onto he back but guy manage to put the boy in the gondola . close shot underneath the whirling merry-go-round the boat man be make slow progress . from he view point we see he goal . it be the wounded mechanic in the center , who be slightly stir . all during this the base of the merry - go-round be skim above the back and head of the boat man . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 139 . back on merry-go-round the two man be now in a clinch . guy try to fight off the madden bruno . they be flung between the horse , bounce one against the other , almost half way around the merry - go - round . close shot bruno and guy again they struggle between two horse . on each side of they be two young scream girl . the two bounce from one horse to the other . close shot the calliope have little figure and this boat away on they cymbal almost as though they be applaud what 's go on . close shot underneath the merry - go-round , the boat man have make further progress . he be creep inch by inch . his nose start to run . he start to fumble for a dirty piece of handkerchief . he blow he nose and then move on . close shot back above the two man swinging past the two girl on they horse and they both crash to the floor underneath another horse , upon which be riding side - saddle , a mother and she three - year - old little girl . closeup the two big head of the man , battle . the two man roll underneath the horse 's hoof , which be see rise and fall . they get right underneath one horse . closeup guy have turn over on he back and he eye look up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 140. closeup from he viewpoint we see the big horse 's head above and its hoof come down toward the camera and fill the screen . we get a faint impression of the scream mother hugging she child to she breast , above . big closeup the horse's hoof strike guy 's head . close shot guy wrench himself out of this position . he roll away from the camera right to the edge of the merry - go-round . he manage to grab a rail . mo . shot guy 's body be flung out horizontally . we see the crowd behind back - up for fear of be knock over . the screw of tension increase . over this come the sound of a approach ambulance siren . close shot bruno edge himself toward guy . he be hang on to the rein of a horse . his foot manage to roach guy 's knuckle . closeup bruno' vicious expression closeup bruno' feet kick at guy 's knuckle . closeup guy agonized expression mo . shot a flash of the horror-stricken face of the spectator see through the whirling machine . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 141. closeup machinery and the lever that be pull on too fast . the boatman 's hand come up into the picture and pull the lever over . long shot the sudden brake cause the whole merry - go-round to topple over with a grind roar . long shot from high angle the merry - go-round he keele over . for a moment we do not know who have survive . there be a surge of people milling and shouting . that who have jump back out of the way when the merry - go-round topple , now rush forward again as the cloud of dust settles . from the midway in the background other be run forward . mo . long shot distraught parent try to force they way to they child who be on the merry - go-round , but be hold back from the wreckage by police . mo . close shot guy be somewhat stunne from he fall . he be help to he foot by some man in the crowd . his knuckle be bleed . in the background people be rush about . the crowd be in uproar as woman and child be help from the wreckage . official and uniform policeman push back the surge of the crowd . ad lib get back . get back there . give we room here . turley and Campbell rush in to guy . turley be you all right , haine ? guy yes , I think so . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 142. guy be surround by police and Campbell stand at he elbow . at this moment the boatman run in . one of the detective be with he . detective Mr. turley ! Mr. turley ! ( indicate boatman ) he say this be not the man we want . ( with a nod in guy 's direction ) it 's the other one -- the one he be fight with . turley ( stop to give he full attention to this unexpected bit of information ) what do you mean , this be not the -- ( turn to guy , not quite take it in ) not haine ? ( back to boatman ) but you say he be . you point he out . boatman no , I do not , sir . I have never see this man before in my life . I mean the other one . the detective who be hold guy instinctively relax he hold on guy 's arm . turley turn to guy , puzzle . turley what be this all about , haine ? do you know he kill you wife ? guy ( nod ) he have my cigarette lighter and want to plant it there on the island to pin the whole thing on I . ( urgently ) let I talk to he . let I show you . where be he ? another detective over here . he lead the way . they follow . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 143. mo . close shot as guy and turley enter to the spot where bruno be pin under the overturn machine . he be catch between two of the horse , the head of one of they across he chest . bruno 's head sag back somewhat , but be rest on piece of debris . a uniform policeman look up from bruno to turley : policeman this one 's in a pretty bad way , Mr. turley . guy be shocked at the sight of bruno . guy ( look down at bruno ) can not you get that stuff off he ? policeman no , they have do everything they can until the crane come . bruno open he eye and see guy . bruno hello , guy . turley have lean forward to look at the helpless bruno . bruno ( weakly nodd at turley ) who 's that ? guy this be Mr. turley , Chief of Police . bruno ( with a half smile ) so they get you at last , eh , guy ? guy look around desperately , frustrated for a moment as turley eye he stonily . then he turn again to bruno . guy ( rather gently ) can you talk a little ? can you tell the chief you have my lighter ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 144. bruno ( with a faint , quizzical smile ) I have not get it . it 's still on the island where you leave it . guy look around helplessly to turley , who look back at he suspiciously . detective ( look down at bruno ) I think he 's go . turley lean over to look . close shot bruno' fist from turley's viewpoint as bruno be die , he close fist slowly start to open . detective's voice he 's finish . guy 's lighter be now reveal in bruno 's open hand . mo . shot group turley take the lighter from the dead bruno 's hand . guy be watch he . turley straighten up and hold the lighter out to he . turley be this you lighter , haine ? guy nod without speak , and with a half look in bruno 's direction . turley well , you be right . ( stick the lighter into he own pocket ) I would better keep this for the time be . ( in a friendly tone ) we can clear the whole thing out the morning . how about stay in town over night , haine ? I imagine you have a lot to tell I . nine o'clock , all right ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 145. guy ( nod ) okay , Mr. turley . thanks . turley turn back to the group around bruno . guy look down for a moment at bruno , then speak to the boatman , who be stand nearby . guy can you tell I where there 's a telephone ? boatman ( indicate ) there 's one up near the entrance . ( with a look back to the dead bruno ) who be he , Bud ? guy look back sympathetically in bruno 's direction , speak without look at the boatman . guy bruno . bruno Antony . ( reminiscently and a little compassionately , remember what bruno have say of himself ) a very clever fellow . he move off through the crowd . dissolve to : int . burton study night Anne , Barbara and the Senator be sit silently in the attitude of wait . the telephone ring . Anne be instantly on she foot . Barbara and the Senator watch she anxiously as she go to answer it . anne ( into phone ) hello ... ( impatiently ) yes , operator , yes ! ( wait a moment , then eagerly : ) guy ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 146. anne ( cont 'd ) ( a pause , then she close she eye with heartfelt relief . another pause , then : ) yes , darling , yes . of course I will be there ... Goodbye . she hang up , turn slowly , to face Barbara and she father . her expression be one of intense relief . anne guy will be back tomorrow . ( overcome with emotion she have difficulty in speak ) he want I to take he some thing . with a sob , Barbara fling herself into Anne 's arm . as she cry , Anne stroke she head comfortingly . then with a half - choke sob Anne , too , begin to cry . she speak through she tear , look over Barbara 's shoulder at she father . anne he say he look silly in he tennis clothes . the Senator eye they a moment , then speak a little wryly : senator I presume from all that tear that you have have good news . dissolve to : int . parlor of train next day Anne and guy be sit quietly together . opposite they be a man in a clerical collar who be read a sport magazine . on the cover be a picture of a tennis player in action . the man look over the top of he magazine at guy , with recognition . he lean forward . cleric I beg you pardon , but be not you guy haine ? guy ( uncomfortably ) yes . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 147. guy and Anne exchange a brief look , rise hurriedly and start to walk away before the conversation can go any farther . the cleric look after they with a frown and a puzzle shrug of he shoulder , as if to say , " do I say something wrong ? " fade out . the end