night watch " Pilot " teaser ext . new york CITY STREET - night two men in they early twenty , jimmy patterson and tony butler , walk down a sidewalk in the meat pack District . funky hole - in- the-wall bar butt up against graffiti cover steel shutter protect close storefront . there be few other people on the street at this hour : hipster head out to begin they night , while the homeless hunker down . late night delivery truck rumble down the street . both Jimmy and tony be dress down in the latest hip grunge - wear . there 's a lot of pent - up energy crackle around this guy , especially tony , who 's twitching like roach catch in a trap . tony Jimmy , I be jonesin ' hard . we have gotta make a stop . jimmy wait on it . we be already late . tony I be tell you , I need a taste now tony 's serious . jimmy okay , fine . but we make it quick . CUT to : ext . nondescript build - night Jimmy and a SMALL group of people , of vary age and ethnicity mill around , smoking cigarettes . they be all wait for a unmark , but heavily secure door to open . tony be still twitching . jimmy man , what 's the hold - up tonight ? waiting man always like this on Fridays . everyone wait till the last minute . the door open and tony step out . the wait man hurriedly push past he into the building . tony you ready ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 2. jimmy I be set . tony let 's go . as tony and Jimmy walk away from the building , tony reach inside he jacket . Jimmy grab he arm . jimmy you be not gonna do it here ? tony you watch I . jimmy not cool . he scan the street , see a alley , shield from the streetlight . jimmy ( cont 'd ) over there , c'mon . ext . alley - continuous tony hurry into the shadow with Jimmy a few step behind . they side - step the usual assortment of overflow garbage can . a few scavenge rat scurry away from they interrupt meal . jimmy dude , should not be this bad . you be wait too long between hook -up . tony now you be the expert ? I have be do this longer than you . jimmy what can I say ? I be a natural . tony snort derisively as he reach inside he jacket to pull out something wrap in plain brown paper . he tear open the paper . Inside be not drug , but a clear , hospital - style bag filled with a red , viscous liquid . it look suspiciously like blood . tony open he mouth to reveal two sharp , overly long canine teeth . he bite into the bag and a blissful look spread across he face as he greedily gulp down the blood . see tony 's obvious , almost sexual satisfaction , Jimmy can not resist . he pull out a similar bag of blood . but just as he 's about to bite into he , tony gag . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 3 . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ( joke ) what would you mamma say about gulp you food ? but tony be not laugh . he begin to choke , then retch up red fluid . jimmy ( cont 'd ) tony , take it easy ! what 's wrong with you ? as Jimmy look on in horror , tony begin to violently convulse . he fall face first to the ground , he body flailing wildly . Jimmy grab tony , roll he over onto he back . tony 's face be a mask of shock and fear . a SMALL crimson trickle of blood run down he chin . tony blink rapidly as he eye turn red , fill with blood . then , with a final , pinkish , frothy cough , it 's over . tony 's hand , still clutching the plastic bag , fall to he side . his red eye now stare sightlessly at the black night sky above . Jimmy stagger back ... jimmy ( cont 'd ) ( completely freak ) tony ... oh , man , oh man ... he look down at the bag of blood he 's still hold in he hand . then , look back toward the building from where he and tony just come . from this distance , we can now see a brightly light sign on the side of the building . it read : canal STREET blood bank . Jimmy drop he untouched bag of blood . it fall onto the ground next to tony 's lifeless body as Jimmy turn and run first awkwardly , than faster , faster , down the alley , away from he dead friend ... CUT to : ext . alley - dawn a number uniformed cop mill around , put up crime scene tape , compare note . a crime scene tech snap a few final photo of the dead vampire , before cover it with a tarp . a sea of human gawker , strain they neck for a glimpse of gore from behind the tape , suddenly part for alexandra cantara , a classically beautiful young woman in she mid - twenty . although in civilian dress , she carry herself with a definite air of authority . Alex quickly make she way to the front of the gather crowd . flash she badge , she fluidly duck beneath the gaudy yellow police tape and be meet by detective darnell harvey . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 4 . mid-thirty , tall , with a solid , muscular build . a career cop you would want at you back in a dark alley at night . darnell Morning , Alex . alex darnell . what have we get ? darnell Dead vampire . Alex follow darnell to a tarp - cover body . they both pull on latex glove . Alex pull the tarp back to reveal tony , still lie face up in what be now a pool of cold , congeal blood . she scan the body . alex poor kid . darnell he be not stake . no sign of any struggle . just lot of regurgitate blood . alex like the vampire we find last week . darnell that 's what I be think too . alex damn . ( beat ) you smell anything ? darnell just death . Alex notice the empty blood bag clutch in tony 's hand . alex the Canal Street blood Bank be right around the corner . darnell hold up a id card . darnell yeah , this be in he wallet . name be tony butler . registered with the city for weekly withdrawals . Alex pick up the still full bag of blood lay beside tony . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 alex one bag per customer which mean another vampire be here . let 's get this blood test . darnell take the bag and put it in a evidence envelope . darnell and I will run the bag 's serial number against the blood bank 's record . see if I get a name . you think this other vamp be we killer ? alex vampire do not kill each other like this . and why would he take off and leave a full bag of blood behind ? especially one we can trace . Alex look at tony 's hand clutching the empty bag . alex ( cont 'd ) unless he be afraid of it ... darnell you think something in the blood kill this guy ? a dark , concerned expression wash over Alex 's face . alex the City 's blood supply have always be safe . but if someone 's find a way to tamper with it ... darnell the vampire will stop go to the blood bank . they will have to find other source for they fix . alex human source . the vampire will start hunt again . the camera pan up and out of the alley , and we catch a glimpse of Alex 's city , New York City ... end of teaser night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 6 . act one int . 6th precinct , detective bureau - day a large open room , fill with about a dozen or so desk all groan under stack of paperwork . file cabinet line the wall . dry erase board list active case . it 's a typically busy day and the bureau be fill with the usual gather of uniformed cop , plain clothes detective and a motley crew of suspect . but as the camera pan through the room , we see there be something very different about a few of the civilian : a man , dress in a business suit , answer a detective 's question , have yellow eye with oval cat - like pupil . ( a shapeshifter ) a beautiful woman give a tearful statement to another detective . she absentmindedly push back she long blonde hair to reveal a ear with a pointed tip ( a Fairy ) . a stocky and overly hairy man in handcuffs , complain angrily as he 's lead to a hold cell . ( a troll ) the camera find Alex and darnell as they enter and cross path with detective stern , a career cop so horribly obnoxious he should be in parking enforcement . stern hey , cantara , hear another bloodsucker bit the dust . alex I will be sure to extend you sympathy to he family . stern do not get all snotty . just cause I have get a real job and you be stick chase night crawler darnell a crime be a crime , stern . everyone 's equal under the law . stern I remember a time when you do not give a rat 's ass about non - human rights , darnell . darnell thing change . detective guess you should know . ( more ) night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 7 . detective ( cont 'd ) I be just surprised she talk you into join the scd . do not the k - 9 unit have a open spot ? darnell move toward stern like he 's go to clock he one , but Alex quickly step between the two man . alex ( to darnell ) go pull the paperwork on the first dead vampire . as darnell move off , Alex give stern a filthy look that send he on he way too . Alex continue on through the room , but this exchange have not escape the attention of chief albert kincaid , a be there , see that , cop in he late forty . deal more with politician than criminal now , he waistline have soften , he fixity of purpose have not . he intercept Alex and they continue walk together kincaid you want I to talk to stern ? alex do not waste the oxygen . ( beat ) I need you to shut down the Canal Street blood Bank . I have get a vampire who die after ingest blood from there . kincaid close the bank be go to make people very nervous . alex well , it 's make I nervous too . ( lowering she voice ) the vampire today look a lot like the one we find last week . kincaid and you think there 's something in the city 's blood supply ? alex it 's possible . kincaid all right . I will make the call . but this be go to bring a lot of heat down on we . ( more ) night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 8 . kincaid ( cont 'd ) just rumor of taint blood will start a panic . it 's hard enough to get human and vampire to trust each other in the best of time . alex I can handle it . kincaid Alex , I have know you since you be sixteen and I have never hear you say anything but ' I can handle it ' . alex and I always do . kincaid but you do not have to do it all by yourself . why can not you admit sometimes you need help ? alex from some bigote jar-head like stern ? no thanks . kincaid do not worry , I do not think stern 's volunteering . in fact , no one be . you need another cop on you squad , Alex . have you think any more about detective fletcher ? alex the guy from Phoenix ? kincaid he 's a first rate cop and willing to transfer to New York just to work with you on the scd . alex why ? kincaid ask he yourself . int . 6th precinct , kincaid be office - continuous kincaid open the door to he office and stride in . Alex follow to find campbell fletcher wait . Campbell be a very handsome man in he late twenty with a athletic build and the cocky stance of someone very sure of himself and he ability . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 kincaid detective Campbell fletcher meet detective alexandra cantara , head of the Supernatural crime division . as kincaid take a seat behind he desk , Campbell extend a hand to Alex . campbell ( turn on the charm ) I have hear a lot about you , detective . he give Alex a smile , it 's a charming smile , but Alex be really not in the mood to be charme . so , she ignore he . alex when I set up this squad you promise no interference . kincaid I say minimal interference . alex hire people behind my back be major Major interference . Campbell give a little wave to get they attention . campbell hello ? I be sit right here . alex detective fletcher , do you have any idea what you be signing up for ? campbell as a matter of fact I do . before I join the force in Phoenix , I get my master 's degree in preternatural sociology . I have do extensive study in non-human criminology ... alex and how many non-Humans do you actually encounter out there in sunny Arizona ? campbell not many , but that 's why I be here . alex that 's what I think . campbell I be sense a lot of hostility . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 10 . alex wrong , detective . what you be sense be skepticism . I do not meet many cop so willing to volunteer for " spook squad " duty . campbell obviously you volunteer . kincaid he 's get a point . Alex can not believe kincaid have blindside she like this . they lock eye . Alex realize this be a fight she will not win . alex ( to Campbell ) Fine , but this be my game . you play by my rule . campbell get it . Campbell exit . as Alex also leave , kincaid stop she . kincaid you can not run this show all by yourself , Alex . I be order you to give he a chance . alex a chance to get himself kill ? she slam the door behind she int . 6th precinct , autopsy room # 2 - later Alex and Campbell enter to find doctor richard hunter pull on a latex glove . he stand in front of a examination table on which tony 's naked body lay . a array of surgical implement , some familiar some not , rest on a nearby tray . alex hey Doc . hunter Alex . I think darnell be come down ? alex why should he have all the fun ? this be detective fletcher . he 's go to be work with we on this case . fletcher , this be Doctor Hunter , best coroner in the city . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 11 . Hunter nod hello , but Campbell only have eye for tony 's corpse . in death , tony 's mouth hang slightly open and the tip of he fang glint in the overhead light . Hunter reach down and pull tony 's lip back to reveal even more fang . hunter I take a dental mold to confirm he i.d. bite imprint match tony butler 's registration record . Hunter close tony 's mouth again and snap on a second glove . hunter ( cont 'd ) ever attend a vampire autopsy before , detective fletcher ? campbell ( not worried ) first time for everything . Hunter shoot alexandra a look as he pick up a very sharp scalpel . alex do not worry , doc . fletcher here have a master degree in preternatural anthropology . Hunter shrug and bring the scalpel to tony 's chest . he press down to make the first cut and ... suddenly , tony 's body convulse and a thick stream of black goo erupt from the incision , bubbling up like a mini-geyser before fall back onto he chest with a squishy splat . Campbell turn green , in fact , a number of different green each shade more and more impressively sickly , but he hold he ground . Dr. Hunter look at he knowingly , hunter the first cut 's the deep . just a little coroner humor and Alex bring she hand to she mouth to keep from laugh at Campbell 's reaction . alex it 's bad form to puke on the corpse . Campbell swallow a few time . campbell what be that stuff ? Hunter take a long cotton swab of the equipment tray and dip the end into the black goo . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 12 . alex it 's the virus that turn human into vampire . campbell ( back on solid ground ) once introduce , the virus completely overwhelm the human immune system , re-creating the host in its own image , until , viola , you be a vampire . Hunter smear a small glass slide with the swab and move to a nearby microscope . place the slide on the stage , he peer through the eyepiece . hunter a very painful process . campbell and a purposeful one . a vampire have to choose to infect the human and there 's no guarantee the human will even survive the transformation . microscopic view the vampire virus in the goo resemble human blood cell but the platelet be black with a slightly different geometry . we see a bacterium smother one of the healthy vampire blood cell , destroy it . back to scene hunter I find the same blood - borne infection in the vampire you bring in last week . some kind of bacterial toxin that suffocate healthy vampire hemoglobin . Alex take a look under the microscope . hunter ( cont 'd ) it be also present in the empty bag you find , but in a dormant state . it do not seem to attack human hemoglobin , just vampire . alex and we first victim be find in he apartment with a half - empty cup of blood next to he . campbell could it have get into the blood supply by accident ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 13. hunter all the blood distribute by the blood bank be clone from genetically alter cell resistant to toxemia . this have to be introduce later . alex so it be deliberate . hunter I be send sample to the National preternatural Sciences Lab in D.C. for further testing . alex Doc ... hunter Alex , you do not have to tell I you need the result yesterday . int . 6th precinct , scd office - day Alex , kincaid , darnell and Campbell sit around a conference table . case file and papers be strewn amongst styrofoam coffee cup and soda can . alex two victim dead after drink contaminate blood from the city 's blood supply . darnell victim number one , John knox . make a withdrawal from the East 70th Street blood Bank the night he die . victim number two , tony butler . get he blood from the Canal Street Bank campbell anything to connect they ? darnell just that they be vampire . tony be a unemployed " actor " who arrive in New York a few week ago . knox be a investment strategist who live on the Upper East side . I talk to knox 's neighbor and co-worker . guy do not socialize much , rarely stray south of the Plaza Hotel . alex what about the full bag of blood we find next to tony ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 14 . darnell pull a usable print and check it against the registry . darnell refer to a piece of paper in front of he . darnell ( cont 'd ) withdrawn by one Jimmy Patterson same time tony be there . but it test clean . no toxin . campbell he do not stick around , try to help a fellow vampire ? darnell he probably just freak . Jimmy 's a minor league punk recently turn vamp . petty criminal with a couple of outstanding warrant . alex a lot of vampire still do not trust the police . darnell I get a apb out on he . kincaid tell them to keep a low profile . I want to keep a lid on this as long possible . alex if there 's no connection between we victim , the poisoning be random . done by someone who be not too particular about they target . kincaid we get a lot of hate group out there . start digging , see who could pull something like this off . darnell I be on it . darnell gather up he file and head out . kincaid 's cell phone ring . kincaid ( into phone ) kincaid . ( listen ) right . he hang up and look at Alex . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 15 . kincaid ( cont 'd ) next problem . CUT to : ext . CITY hall - afternoon Alex and Campbell exit they car and find themselves in the middle of a chaotic human' first rally . hundred of people surround City Hall . some carry sign : " non -human = non - people " ; " human first , human only " ; " repeal the non -human civil rights act now !! " . Police barricade have establish a perimeter to keep the human protester away from a vocal and grow number of non-human counter - protester . as slogan be chant and slur throw back and forth , anger on both side build , threaten to boil over at any moment . alex human first be a New York -base group ... campbell ... o0 for racist who believe all non- human should be exterminate . as Alex look approvingly at Campbell . alex you have do you homework as Alex and Campbell wade through the crowd , they be approach by chase desmond , a stun woman in she late twenty , a sexy , professional , dresser who know how to get what she want . a PRESS badge hang around she neck . chase hey Alex . alex detective Campbell fletcher this be chase desmond , a reporter for the Times . Campbell smile warmly at this allure woman . campbell you cover a lot of this protest ? chase unfortunately they be news . a commotion in the crowd draw chase 's attention . chase ( cont 'd ) I will catch you later . as chase disappear into the crowd , Alex catch sight of two man make they way toward she . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 16 . alex wonderful . jack kemp , a charismatic , Donald trump -like businessman in he 5as approach . he be trail by MARK dali , 30 , a smarmy corporate type with a permanent smirk on he handsome , but cold face . kemp . Alex , darling , how be you ? it 's be far too long ... alex not long enough , jack. ( to Campbell ) this be Jack kemp , head of the human first movement and Mark dali , he lap dog . dali bristle . dali this be a legitimate gather , detective cantara . we be protect by the first amendment . alex and non-Humans be protect by the 28th amendment . dali the non-humans Civil rights Act should never have be pass . and we will do everything in we power to repeal it . alex not go to happen today , dali. ( to kemp ) what 's all this about , Jack ? kemp . the human community be very concerned about the two vampire recently kill . concerned the vampire will use they as a excuse to return to they old way . alex the second vampire die less than twelve hour ago . no one have have time to get very concerned . unless human first somehow anticipate it happen ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 17 . dali how dare you ! Mr. kemp be a highly respected community leader ... kemp . it 's alright , Mark , I be sure Alex do not mean anything . she 's always be very passionate about she cause . alex you be use that dead vampire to spread fear and paranoia . kemp . if the nypd be go to continue put the rights of " monster " ahead of human , it 's up to people like I to ensure the human majority have a voice . campbell even if that voice call for the slaughter of all non-Humans ? kemp . I do not get you name , detective ? campbell fletcher , Campbell fletcher . kemp . a word of advice , detective fletcher . a battle be come , choose you side very carefully . int . car - night Campbell drive , Alex , lose in think , in the passenger seat . campbell what 's the story with you and kemp ? alex he be friend with my parent . campbell but you mother and father be on the front line of the non-human Civil rights Movement ? alex and kemp 's one of the planet 's biggest bigot ? the irony be not lose on I . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 18 . campbell you parent ' study on non-human integration be one of the primary source for my master 's thesis . ( beat ) I be sorry about what happen to they . alex it be a long time ago . campbell and the police never find they killer ? that must be hard . Campbell 's compassion prompt Alex to make a unexpected admission . alex yeah . it be ... it still be . Alex look at Campbell 's profile for a long moment . Campbell turn to see the carefully guard pain in Alex 's eye . there 's a spark of a connection , but Alex break it ... alex ( cont 'd ) pull over up here . there 's someone I need to talk to . as Campbell pull the car to the curb campbell need some back -up ? alex good night , fletcher . Alex exit the car in front of ... ext . club carnage - continuous stretch down the block be a red velvet rope hold in check a long line of hopeful entrant . a crowd of young , clubby type be ignore the queue , pose for the unimpress bouncer who stand in the doorway . Alex move confidently toward the club 's entrance . she bypass the line and walk right up to the door . the bouncer do not speak , but to the chagrin of the poser , he move aside to let she pass . as she enter , we see a brass plaque on the door . it read : club carnage . int . car - continuous instead of leave , Campbell watch Alex in he rear view mirror until he see Alex go inside the club . then he pull the car over and park . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 19 . int . club carnage , lounge - night the décor of the main room be minimalist hipster cool . sexy shade of cobalt and purple dominate . scandinavian design light fixture cast a warm glow on the patron . low sling modern couch be pack with drinker . another , larger room have a dj booth and dance floor fill with dancer . Alex move purposefully through the crowd to the bar . at the bar Alex sit down on a stool and almost immediately a very dry , belvedere vodka martini with two olive be place before she by the beautiful , young , female bartender . Alex acknowledge it with a smile . as she raise she drink to take a sip , a man suddenly appear behind she , whisper in she ear ... christien hello , sasha alex ( without turn ) hello , christien . we get we first look at christien as he sit down on the stool next to Alex . he look so innately dangerous he must be non-human , but so devastating attractive , you do not care . a walk advertisement for the seductive pleasure of vampirism , christien you look lovely as always . alex I be here on business . christien that do not make you company any less of a pleasure . christien reach out to take Alex 's hand . he kiss it with a delicacy that make Alex unintentionally shiver . christien ( cont 'd ) come to my office . it 's quieter . christen sweep to he foot and Alex take a final slug of she drink ( for courage ? ) , before follow he . at the entrance Campbell enter and take in the scene , look for Alex . as he make he way to the bar , the camera pan over to find Jimmy ( the vampire from the teaser ) . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 20 . Jimmy prowl the room , look hungry , a little dangerous . he catch the eye of wendy , a smokin ' hot club chick about he age . Jimmy smile , he 's find he hook - up for the night . at the bar Campbell make he way to the bar and grab a seat . bartender what 's you poison ? campbell beer . bartender I have never see you here before . campbell you remember all you customer ? bartender just the cute one . campbell I be new in town . bartender yum , fresh meat . the bartender place the beer in front of Campbell and smile while extending two very sharp long fang . whoa ! that be unexpected . Campbell look around and now see intersperse with the paint - up human clubber be vampire . ditch he new friend with a somewhat nervous smile , Campbell move away from the bar and continue he search for Alex . christien office - moment later christien and Alex enter a room , fill with a mix of both modern and antique furniture . its style be both beautiful and timeless , much like christien . Alex sit on the sumptuous couch as christien move to he personal bar . he pour himself a glass of red wine ( or maybe it 's blood ) from a crystal decanter . as he mix Alex another martini ... christien olive , right ? alex you know I too well . christien I would say , not nearly well enough . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 21 . christien bring Alex she drink and sit down next to she . anxious to change the subject ... alex I assume you have hear about the taint blood ? christien News travel fast in the vampire community . alex that 's what I be afraid of . christien the police be worried vampire will stop go to the bank and start attack human . alex pretty much . christien well , I be worried that someone be use the blood bank to launch unprovoke attack against my people . alex we be go to find out who 's responsible . christien forgive I if I find it hard to believe the police be give this top priority . alex I be give it top priority . but I need you help . as leader of the vampire community in New York , you have the power to keep this contain . we have already shut down two bank and we be run test at the other . tell you people not to hunt . christien they be scared , they may not listen . alex oh , please . there be not a vampire in this City that would dare disobey you . christien and in return for my help ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 22. alex prevent a all out war between human and vampire be not enough ? ( beat ) Fine . what do you want ? christien just sit , stare at Alex . she wonder what he 's think . she 's sure she would not like it . well , not sure but pretty sure . christien I will have to think about it . alex well , do not take too long . Alex stand to leave . alex ( cont 'd ) christien , until we be sure about the blood ... be careful . christien I do not take blood from the bank . alex no , I suppose you do not have problem find consensual donor . particularly of the female persuasion . christien jealous , sasha ? alex not my scene . christien there be fringe benefit . Alex be sure there be . but they conversation be interrupt when the bartender run into the room . bartender christien , you better come . there 's a fight . christien ( stunne ) a fight ? here ? alex this I have to see . int . lounge - moment later Alex and christien arrive to find shocked club patron watch as Campbell and one of christien 's bodyguard night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 23 . struggle . or rather Campbell be struggle , the bodyguard , be on top of Campbell , pummeling he . Alex 's gun be immediately out , cocked and hover inch from the bodyguard 's ear alex get off he . the bodyguard look toward christien for guidance . almost too fast for the human eye to see , christien grab the bodyguard and yank he way from Campbell . alex ( cont 'd ) ( to christien ) thanks . christien casually toss the bodyguard aside like a empty candy wrapper . christien good help be so hard to find . alex tell I about it . Campbell bristle at Alex 's word and tone . campbell I think you might need help . alex if I need help , I will ask for it . campbell I doubt that . alex I will not tolerate this macho- defender crap from you , fletcher ! campbell and I will not tolerate be treat like some wet-behind - the-ear rookie . alex then stop act like one . they suddenly fall silent as they realize christien be intently watch they bicker as someone would follow a tennis match . christien no please , sasha , do not stop on my account . this be most entertaining . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 24 . campbell why be it that every vampire run a nightclub ? do not you think it 's a little cliché ? christien not many establishment remain open all night . can you see I behind the counter at you local Seven - eleven ? Campbell 's not do with christien , but Alex cut he off ... alex thank you for you time , christien . we do not see he move , but suddenly christien stand in front of Alex . look deep into she eye ... christien you be welcome here anytime , sasha he eye a steaming Campbell . christien ( cont 'd ) but , perhaps you should find a playmate with better manners . Alex quickly usher Campbell across the room , practically push he out a emergency exit door ... ext . club carnage - continuous campbell head of human first , leader of the vampire Community , you keep some pretty funky company , detective . alex be you purposely try to get yourself kill ? campbell I can take care of myself . alex yeah , I could tell by the way you get the crap beat out of you . campbell who do you think you be ? alex back off . campbell why ? tell I why and I will . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 25 . alex ( beyond frustrated ) because people who do this job die . and I do not want to be responsible for that ! campbell who die ? Alex take a deep breath . she can not believe she 's even get into this . but ... there 's something about the way Campbell be look at she . something that suddenly make she want he to understand . alex Mike Wells . we go to the Academy together . we be close . ( smile sadly ) he join the scd because he believe in what I be try to do . he join because he believe in I . campbell what happen ? alex we find out someone in the Fairy Court be trafficking illegal weapon . Mike go to meet a informant . ranger find he two day later . Dead , entombed in a tree in Central Park . campbell a tree ? alex the fairy want to send a message . campbell it 's not you fault . he be a cop . he know the score . alex that do not make it any easier . for just a moment , there 's something in the open , unguard way she 's look at he that threaten to take Campbell 's breath away . but then , it 's over , leave Campbell to wonder if it even happen . alex ( cont 'd ) and I will not let it happen again . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 26 . ext . parking lot - much later that night Jimmy and Wendy , the beautiful girl we see he with earlier , stand in a dark corner of a parking lot down the street from Club carnage . they be make out against a park car after a few passionate kiss , Jimmy pull back . jimmy you know what I want ... Wendy pull she hair back to expose she neck . the white skin almost gleam in the dark . wendy I be tell I be very tasty . Jimmy extend he fang , bite into she jugular . he start to drink . ecstasy overcome they both , until ... wendy ( cont 'd ) okay , that 's enough , Jimmy . but , Jimmy can not stop . he 's too hungry . he continue to greedily suck at Wendy 's neck wendy ( cont 'd ) I be serious . you be take too much ! Wendy try to squirm away , but Jimmy be too strong . we see he eye fill with blood . off Wendy as she begin to scream ... end of act one night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 27 . act two ext . parking lot - morning uniform survey the crime scene as Alex and darnell check out Wendy 's body with a crime scene investigator . Wendy 's body have a distinct pale pallor . two deep puncture mark on she neck be plainly visible . cSI judge by rigor and liver temp , I would put time of death around 4 am . Cause of death be exsanguination . she be drunk dry . alex get a impression of the puncture wound . hopefully we perp 's dental mold be on file . Alex and darnell step aside as the CSI signal for a gurney to take the body away . darnell it 's be month since a vampire kill a human like this . alex I just can not believe it happen so close to the Club . darnell think we be look for a hungry vamp too scared to go to the blood bank ? alex a vampire more scared of the bank than he be of christien ? that 's pretty damn scared . something be not right here . darnell look over to Campbell who 's a short distance away talk to a short man . darnell how 's it go with fletcher ? alex a master 's degree be no substitute for experience . darnell I be not exactly a expert in non - human when you recruit I . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 28. alex that be different and you know it . darnell I still think you should cut Campbell some slack . we can use all the help we can get right now . alex I know . I be try . at darnell 's look . alex ( cont 'd ) I am. ( change the subject ) make sure the csis get a cast of Wendy 's puncture wound . maybe we perp 's fang mold be in the system . Alex move away . with campbell Campbell interrogates a troll who stand next to a large garbage dumpster . a makeshift tent make of plastic bag and cardboard , and the clutter around it , indicate the troll 's be camp out here for a while . campbell you must have see something . troll we do not like to get involved . this be a human thing , a vampire thing . not a troll thing . campbell I be go to make this a " troll thing " unless you start cooperate . troll ( reluctantly ) maybe I see something . campbell the girl and the vampire ? troll I see they leave the club . head off together . that 's all I remember campbell think you will remember more down at the station ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 29 . after a beat , the troll reach into he tent and pull out a purse . Campbell practically grab it from he . campbell ( cont 'd ) be this the girl 's purse ? do you steal this ? troll I find it . later . after . she do not need it anymore . campbell be you kid I ? Alex approach . alex ( to the troll ) go see detective harvey . give he you Guild name in case we need to talk to you again . the troll stalk off , mumble under he breath . campbell we should take he in . alex troll have a very set view of " finder - keeper " . he do not think he do anything wrong . Campbell begin to search the purse 's content . alex ( cont 'd ) this happen just a few hour after we leave the Club . campbell you vampire friend seem kind of piss . could he be involved ? alex christien ? not a chance . ( beat ) and we be not friend . campbell then what be you ? alex none of you business . campbell why do he call you ' sasha ' ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 30 . alexandra it 's a nickname for alexandra . campbell can I call you sasha ? alexandra no. campbell what make christien so special ? alex just that he 's the oldest , most powerful vampire in New York . campbell good point . Campbell pull a id out of the purse . campbell ( cont 'd ) we dead girl be one Wendy Williams . I have get she address . alex take darnell and check out she apartment . Alex 's cell phone ring . she open it . alex ( cont 'd ) this be detective cantara . man' voice ( 0.s. ) this be Bill White from the Canal Street blood Bank . I have be go through my record like you ask . I think I find something ... alex I will be right there . int . canal STREET blood bank , hallway - day Alex walk with bill smith , a young , ernest , overworked civil servant - type who also happen to be a vampire bill I be go over the delivery invoice from last week and I come across some discrepancy . he open the door to ... night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 31 . int . canal STREET blood bank , bill white's office - continuous marty gibson , a beefy teamster with a attitude sit impatiently . he do not want to be there . bill detective cantara , this be marty Gibson . alex what do you do here , marty ? marty I be a driver . bill marty pick up the blood bag from the processing facility and distribute they to bank throughout the city . marty I do not know why you be make such a big deal out of this . blood be blood . the vamp do not care where they get it . alex you human , marty ? marty yeah . but I do not have a problem with non-humans if that 's where you be goin ' . Hell , my sister 's dating a shifty . have he over for barbecue just last week . alex how very PC of you . bill we be suppose to receive we allot supply of blood from the processing facility in trenton every Thursday . last week , marty do not make he pick-up . alex what happen marty ? marty I be run behind . you know what the traffic 's like go through the tunnel ? I be not go to make my day . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 bill so , you give we blood mean for the morningside Heights Bank . marty I make it up on my next run . it 's not like there be go to be run on the stuff . not with everything that 's be go on . alex be the blood that kill tony butler from that batch ? bill yes . alex ( to marty ) where would you pick - up the blood you deliver here ? marty the plant out in queen . alex ( to Bill ) what other bank do that facility supply to ? Bill take a clipboard from he desk . flip through the page ... bill morningside Heights , Times Square , East 70th Street ... alex the East 70th Street Bank ? that 's where the first victim get he blood . both knox and tony 's blood come from the same plant ... int . wendy william apartment - day 32 . a typically tiny New York apartment share by two young woman . Ikea , futon , more clothes than closet space . Campbell sit on a small futon couch with Wendy 's roommate , shannon kelly , a adorable girl in she early 20 . she gaze deeply into Campbell 's eye as he desperately try to remember the question he 's suppose to be ask she campbell anyway , Ms. Kelly , we be hope ... night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 33 . shannon please , call I Shannon . campbell Shannon . that 's a beautiful name . shannon you be sweet . Shannon put a hand on Campbell 's thigh and he break into a sweat . campbell thanks . but , um , we really need to ask you some question about Wendy . shannon would not you rather talk about I ? campbell or , maybe you could tell I a little about you . Campbell move a little closer to Shannon . he 's practically panting . darnell enter from the back bedroom . darnell ( matter of fact ) quit it with the glamour Shannon . ( to Campbell ) she 's a Fairy . use mind trick to seduce you . Shannon break eye contact with Campbell who startles as if suddenly wake from a day - dream , a very erotic daydream . shannon I be just mess around . as Campbell collect himself . darnell you do not seem too upset about you friend . shannon she be not my friend , just my roommate . besides I warn she tell she it be just a matter of time . Wendy be always pick up vamp . she be start to look like a human pincushion . campbell she let they bite she ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 34 . shannon she be totally into it . Said it be great buzz . darnell be Wendy try to become a vampire ? shannon no , I do not think she want to take it that far . ext . new york CITY STREET - day Campbell and darnell head back to they car . campbell sorry about that in there . the glamour thing . I never have a Fairy do that to I before . darnell ( knowingly ) you like it , do not you ? campbell it be ... intense . darnell I almost wake up marry once . but you get hit enough , you can start see past it , keep it from affect you so much . darnell and Campbell get in they car int . car - continuous campbell you think Shannon be tell the truth about Wendy be some kind of vampire groupie ? darnell it 's more common than you would think . campbell I can not imagine let someone do that to I . darnell you could not imagine get glamoure until a few minute ago . campbell how would do you end up involved with all this non-human stuff ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 35 . darnell I do not like to talk about it . darnell start up the car ... int . blood processing facility - day Alex and the facility's manager , curt smith , a 30 - ish , shirt and tie , put-upon managerial - type , tour the high - tech blood processing facility . security cameras be omnipresent , as be armed security guard . every person they pass wear a security badge . alex I have get two dead vampire who drank taint blood process at this facility . smith we process over one thousand pint of blood a day . alex and it 's all clone here on site ? smith yes , we extract the key element of human plasma from the milk of cow that have have they plasma gene replace with human one . blood cloning lab Lab technician dress in medical scrub , wear protective goggle , mask and glove work extract the compound to clone blood . smith ( cont 'd ) of course , the cow do not live here . but , the genetically alter milk be bring here and the essential protein extract to grow the clone plasma . alex I assume you employee be carefully screen ? smith you would have a easier time get a job with the CIA . blood processing lab more technician supervise the blood analysis process . this involve large amount of blood flow through a intricate network of tube and through the spectrometer that check the blood . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 36 . smith ( cont 'd ) every drop of blood be purify before it 's package . blood packaging technician man the blood packaging equipment . picture a high -tech version of a bottle plant , with blood flow into individual plastic bag , which be seal and bar code . smith ( cont 'd ) each bag of blood individually seal and bar code . alex how be request from the blood bank process ? blood storage a large warehouse space . armed guard stand ready . a robotic arm move along the shelf of store blood , before stop and remove a container of individual blood bag . smith by computer . request be submit and a automated system pull blood lot for dispatch . smith's office what it lack in personality it make up for in functionality . alex and the blood lot be distribute randomly base on individual blood bank request ? smith it 's what guarantee freshness . alex who 's the last person to handle the blood before it leave for the bank ? smith that would be I . as the senior facility manager , I supervise everything from beginning to end . alex then how do the toxin get into the blood without you know about it ? smith I have no idea . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 37 . alex you can understand why that make you rather suspicious . smith you think I be responsible for the poisoning ? alex you have the opportunity . motive , I do not know ? maybe you have get something against vampire . maybe human first put you up to it ? a smile play across Smith 's lip . alex ( cont 'd ) I say something funny ? Smith open he mouth wide and extend he fang . smith I do not think I be you man , detective cantara . int . 6th precinct , scd office - day Alex look up from she computer screen as chase desmond perches on the corner of Alex 's desk chase you have get three more dead vampire in Brooklyn . and blood Bank withdrawals be down almost twenty percent . alex believe I , I know . chase you think Jack kemp 's human first Movement be behind the poisoning ? alex you know I can not comment on a on - go investigation . chase I have get a source who say christien be lose control of the vampire . they be ready to hit the street whether he like it or not . alex you can not go public with that . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 38 . chase the public have a right to know if a war be start . alex chase , whoever be do this be look for publicity . want human and vampire afraid of each other . do not play into they hand . chase think about it for a long moment . chase nothing 's confirm yet . I will sit on it until it be . ( sweetly ) if you promise I a scoop . alex do not even think about try to glam I . I be so not in the mood . chase push she hair back and we see the point ear , she 's a Fairy . chase damn you be cranky . Fine , enough business . as a friend , what can I do ? alex besides the vampire , what be the other non-Humans think ? anything go on I do not know about ? chase everyone 's just mostly wait to see how it play out . consensus be that human first be behind it and they will not stop with the vampire . alex yeah , darnell 's be tracking the hate group . human first be the only one organize enough to put something like this together . ( beat ) a year ago , I would not have think kemp would try anything this extreme . but ever since he hire dali ... chase dali 's get a ego , that 's for sure . alex ( surprised ) you know he ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 39 . chase I do a piece on he right after he move here from Boston . he come on to I big time . alex do dali know you be a Fairy ? chase I do not hide it . alex interesting . int . human first headquarters , dali be office - day Mark dali sit behind a meticulously neat and organize desk in he well - appoint office . the wall be line with various human first propaganda poster . across from he sit two 20 - something , thugy foot soldier of human first , rich and jeff . jeff two more human be put in the hospital last night . attack by hungry vamp . dali the public will soon realize how stupid they be to let blood sucker walk amongst we . that 's when we will call for the mass extermination of all non-Humans . rich meanwhile , we just sit here ? dali I do not say that . how would you boy like to have a little fun tonight ? jeff always . dali one of my informant have infiltrate Club carnage . I know who the filth be that kill that poor girl the other night . this be where you can find he . dali slide a piece of paper across he desk toward Jeff . rich we will show he what we think of he kind . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 40 . dali smile . int . alex' apartment - night a single , enormous , open room , loft -like with high beam ceiling , brick wall and large steel window open on to the rooftop beyond . at the far end of the room , a spiral staircase wind its way up to a second level . the front door open and a weary Alex come home to grab a quick shower and change . sleep would be nice , very nice ... about to reach for the light , she suddenly whirl , gun out . in the dim light , she make out a figure sit in a chair alex God . you almost get yourself shot ! Alex re-holster she gun and turn on the light to reveal , christien that would have hurt . alex what be you do here ? christien I be get a lot of pressure to call for a boycott of the blood bank . alex I be get squeeze too . kemp and dali be turn this into a media circus . Wendy 's parent be push the Mayor for a " stake them first ask question later " investigation into they daughter 's death . christien I will find out which vampire dare to defy I and deal with he . personally . alex no , that 's my job . christien there be human matter and there be vampire matter , sasha . do not confuse the two . alex be that a threat ? christien I hope not . for both we sake . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 41 . and with that , he 's go , leave Alex to wonder exactly what he mean by that ... int . car - night Campbell and darnell be park , hide in the shadow between street light . cam so the full bag pbell of blood we find by tony 's body belong to this Jimmy guy ? dar yeah , the regis up . informant that around tompkin some other vamp . cam nell tration number match I get a tip from one of my troll he 's be hang Square Park with pbell and he have not make a withdrawal since the other night ? dar nope. transaction in cam nell we be monitoring every blood the city . pbell he 's get to be get pretty hungry by now . ext . tompkin square park - continuous Jimmy and two companion enter the small park . new angle Campbell and darnell exit they vehicle and follow . back to Jimmy and he companion as they talk and pass a bottle back and forth between they . suddenly , Jeff and Rich emerge from the dark . jeff hey blood sucker . rich no human girl to feed on tonight ? jimmy I do not know what you be talk about . piss off . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 42 . jeff I think you do . in a flash , Rich pull out a stake . Jimmy 's companion take off . across the park , Campbell and darnell see what 's happen and break into a run . jimmy ( panicked ) look , okay , I be sorry . I take too much but I could not help it . I be so hungry . you gotta believe I man , it be a accident ... Jimmy 's word fall on deaf ear . Jeff and Rich pounce on Jimmy , send he sprawling to the ground . jeff this be for Wendy . Rich drive the stake through Jimmy 's heart , kill he instantly . darnell and Campbell pull gun as they run . darnell Police ! Drop it ! but he can not get a shot , it 's too dark . Jeff and Rich ignore he and take off run . darnell and Campbell reach Jimmy . darnell take one look at the vampire . darnell ( cont 'd ) he 's go . they take off again after Jeff and Rich who have a pretty good head start on we people . it do not look we will be able to catch up with they , until ... mid-stride , darnell 's body transform as he shapeshift into a werewolf . his eye turn yellow as he jaw lengthen to accommodate a set of large , gnashing , canine teeth . his arm and leg bulge with grow muscular bulk and he skin sprout heavy , coarse hair . now , a hybrid creature of rippling muscle and slashing claw , darnell still run on two leg , but much faster than any human . he quickly close the gap between himself and Jeff and Rich , leave Campbell struggle to catch up . ext . park - continuous darnell have a terrify Jeff and Rich cornere and cower . he viciously snarl , reveling in he powerful jaw and teeth . Campbell reach they and manage to cover the two man with he gun , but he hand be shaky and he 's only get eye for the snarling creature that use to be darnell ... end of act two night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 43 . act three int . 6th precinct , interrogation room - day a spartan box of a room , small table , two chair , wall bare . darnell , thick file in hand , circle the seat Rich . Campbell stand in the observation room behind a two - way mirror . he watch darnell , fascinate . this be the same man he see transform into that creature last night ? darnell Boston p.d. send down you and you buddy 's file . thick as a phone book . numerous arrest for assault , incite violence , conceal weapon ... oh , and lookie here , you do five year for manslaughter . rich stinkin ' troll get what be comin ' to he . darnell slap Rich across the back of the head with he file . darnell human first must have be psyched to recruit a bigot like you . rich we be comin ' after you and all you kind , shifty . darnell get in Rich 's face . his eye shift - change , become yellow . the eye of a wolf . darnell ( snarling ) and just how 's that gonna go ? on campbell he take a involuntary step back from the window . back to scene there 's a knock at the door . Alex stick she head inside . alex darnell . int . 6th precinct , observation room - continuous darnell join Alex and Campbell . he 's calm down . his eye be back to normal . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 44 . alex forensics report just come back . Jimmy 's fang mold match the cast make of Wendy 's puncture wound . Jimmy be Wendy 's killer . campbell how do this two loser know that before we do ? darnell human first must have send they out . kemp know kill Jimmy would get the vampire rile up . alex but who give kemp he info ? nobody in the vampire community would give up Jimmy to kemp , that 's for sure . darnell he 's get he information from somewhere . alex this whole thing be start to feel very orchestrate . the poisoning , Jimmy 's murder . I feel like there 's a connection we be not see . int . 6th precinct , hallway - day kincaid intercept Alex . kincaid I get a report of another dead vampire in staten Island . do you get anything from the two guy you bring in ? alex just that they be loyal foot soldier for human first . kincaid the Mayor 's Office be crawl up my ass . do you know christien shut down Club carnage ? alex ( shocked ) no . kincaid what do it mean ? night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 alex that christien be not confident he can control what go on there . and that 's not good . int . 6th precinct , break room - day Campbell walk in to find darnell pour himself a cup of coffee . as Campbell grab a cup and wait , darnell can not help notice Campbell seem a little uncomfortable . darnell ( defensive ) you expect I to start humping you leg or something ? campbell no , of course , not . darnell you get a problem with I now ? campbell darnell , no . it 's cool . I just be not expect it . darnell see that Campbell mean it . it 's a nice change . darnell yeah , sorry . it usually take people a while to get use to it . ( beat ) ) Hell , I be still get use to it . campbell how would it happen ? darnell about a year ago , my partner and I respond to a domestic dispute . we be attack by a shapeshifter and contract the disease . he do not survive the change . I do . campbell be that how you end up in the scd ? darnell it 's funny , I be a lot like Rich once . could not stand non-Humans . think they be all a bunch of freak . then boom , I 'ma freak . only I be still I , you know ? most of my old buddy do not see it that way . could not see past what I would become . ( more ) 45 . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 46 . darnell ( cont 'd ) I be this close to quit the force . but Alex convinced I to stay . use my ' unique perspective ! to help people . campbell she be right . you be still a good cop . darnell I be try . int . 6th precinct , scd office - day as Alex and darnell review they note , Campbell enter hold a file . campbell we get the blood work back from the preternatural Sciences Lab in d.c . it 's a bacterial protein toxin , with a specific cytotoxix activity that invade healthy vampire hemoglobin . darnell well , that sure clear everything up . campbell the toxin be specifically manufacture to attack a vampire 's cell structure . alex sound like some pretty heavy duty engineering . campbell a DNA marker trace the toxin back to a study into vampirism conduct by biogen laboratory in Boston . darnell move to a computer and do a web search for biogen . darnell look at this . biogen be a subsidiary of kemp industry . alex doubt that 's a coincidence . can you pull up a employee list ? darnell no problem . ( more ) night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 47 . darnell ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) they be a government contractor so photo be on file too . Campbell and Alex move to stand behind darnell . on the computer screen name and face scroll past . unfamiliar , anonymous . alex ( v.0 . ) stop . back it up one . the screen back up one id . we see a familiar face and name . back to scene alex ( cont 'd ) curt Smith . currently manager of the blood processing facility in queen . campbell I think you say he be a vampire ? alex he be . darnell hit more key and another screen come up . darnell Smith 's not in the National non-human registry . campbell if he do not register , it mean he 's get something to hide . alex not that he 's a vampire . he be pretty open about it . ( beat ) darnell , go to the blood processing facility and pick he up . take some back - up in case he resist . campbell want I to go with he ? alex no . you and I be go to have a little chat with kemp . int . kemp industries build , kemp' office - afternoon kemp pace the floor of he spacious office speak into a telephone headset . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 48 . floor to ceiling window behind he mammoth desk reveal breathtaking view of the Manhattan skyline . the door suddenly burst open and Alex , follow by Campbell , stride in . kemp . ( into headset ) I will have to call you back . Alex walk up to kemp , get right in he face . alex you lie to I . kemp sit down behind he desk , cool and relaxed . kemp . why do not you calm down and tell I what you be talk about . alex not only be you use the recent vampire poisoning to further you agenda , but you be behind the whole thing . kemp . that 's insane ! campbell you own biogen lab in Boston . kemp . I own a lot of company . campbell what do they do there ? kemp . Study the vampire and shapeshifter viruse . we be try to find a antidote . campbell have you ask if they want one ? alex tell I about curt Smith . he work at biogen . kemp . I employ literally thousand of people , I can not be expect to know they all by name . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 49 . alex I would think you would remember this one . he 's a vampire . kemp . do not be ridiculous . I would never hire a vampire . Campbell toss a picture of curt Smith across the desk . alex you hire this one . kemp be clearly shocked , even horrify . kemp . Smith 's a vampire ? campbell so , you do know he ? kemp . I have meet he a few time . he work with dali . alex why be dali hang around a vampire ? kemp . I assure you Alex , I have no idea Smith be a vampire . ( beat ) that 's the problem , it 's too hard to tell this day . the penny drop for Alex . a big , heavy , very scary penny . Alex abruptly turn and hurry out of the office . campbell look like we be do here . thanks . he go after Alex . int . kemp industries build , hallway - continuous Campbell catch up with Alex . they move quickly through the hallway together . campbell what ? what be it ? alex kemp 's right . it be hard to tell this day . this be all start to make sense . ( beat ) dali be from Boston , so be Smith . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 50 . Campbell be right there with she campbell and that two goons we pick up . if dali bring he people down with he , he 's be plan this for a while . alex christien say something the other night . there be human matter and vampire matter . this have be about the vampire all along . just not in the way we think . campbell meaning ? alex dali . I think he 's a vampire . int . human first headquarters , dali be office - later curt Smith and dali confer . smith I get a call from a friend at biogen . the cop have be sniff around . dali this push we timetable up a bit . ( beat ) be we ready ? smith absolutely . now , that we have laid the groundwork , the rest of the poison blood will be distribute tonight . there will be a thousand dead vampire by morning . dali and thousand more look for new leadership . strong leadership that will return we people to they once fear position of power smith christien still have a lot of support . dali after tonight , christien will not be a problem . dali open he mouth and slide off the cap covering he canine teeth and extend a set of huge fang . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 51 . dali ( cont 'd ) you have no idea how uncomfortable this be . a intercom on dali 's desk buzze . dali ( cont 'd ) yes . voice on intercom Mr. dali , this be security . two police detective be on they way up to you office . dali quickly move from behind he desk toward the room 's back door . dali curt , take care of they . I have a appointment I do not want to be late for . as dali exit , curt smile widely , revealing he sharp fang . smith my pleasure . a beat later , Alex and Campbell enter dali 's office , gun draw . alex nothing stupid , Smith . get down on the ground . now ! in the blink of a eye , Smith goe full vamp ( fang extend , eye blood red ) and launch himself at Alex and Campbell . Campbell open fire . the bullet strike Smith , but barely slow he down . alex ( cont 'd ) ( to Campbell ) he 's too old , bullet will not stop he . Smith pounce on Campbell , quickly take Campbell to the ground . Campbell fight back , landing vicious blows to Smith 's neck and face . a blow connect with Smith 's nose , spraying Campbell with blood . Alex reach inside she jacket and pull out a SMALL silver cylinder . with a twist of her wrist , the cylinder extend to become a high - tech stake . Campbell struggle with all he strength to keep Smith 's fang away from he neck . but he lose he grip and Smith 's fang descend .... night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 52 . Smith bite Campbell just as Alex plunge she stake into Smith 's back and pierce he heart . Smith fall dead on top of Campbell . Alex yank Smith 's body off Campbell and drop it heavily to the ground . alex ( cont 'd ) you all right ? campbell ( be : Alex 's stake ) how do I requisition one of that ? Campbell hold he neck where he be bitten . alex let I see . campbell I think he nick I . Alex move Campbell 's hand to find a ugly gash on Campbell 's neck where Smith 's fang have rip the skin . we see Campbell 's bright red blood on Alex 's hand as she pull a handkerchief out of she pocket and carefully press it to the wound . alex that 's more than a nick . but he miss the jugular . campbell I do not think he have a chance to infect I with the virus . alex no , he be try to kill you , not turn you . campbell I will get test anyway . just to be sure . Alex help Campbell up . he 's pale , but steady on he foot . alex you sure you be okay ? should we call the emt ? campbell I be fine . all in a day 's work . Alex know he 's put on a brave front for she , but she 's impressed anyway . she reach out to wipe a splatter of blood from Campbell 's face . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 53 . alex not bad , fletcher . a lot of people would have really freak out . campbell do not go all soft on I now , detective . we still have work to do . Alex and Campbell move to dali 's desk and begin search it . Campbell spot dali 's discard tooth cap . campbell ( cont 'd ) what be this ? Alex take the small piece of white porcelain from Campbell . alex cap . dali must have use they to hide he fang . campbell why would he leave they ? alex he must think he do not need they anymore . do not need to hide . Campbell move to Smith 's body . he begin to riffle through Smith pocket . Campbell pull out a few fold sheet of paper . campbell Alex , look at this . Campbell show she the papers . alex ship order from the blood Processing facility . poison blood be be send all over the city tonight . campbell but why be dali do this ? why do he want human and vampire fight each other ? what do he get out of it ? alex it 's a power play . by poisoning the blood supply , dali 's convinced the vampire they be not safe anymore . he 's go to use they fear to turn they against christien . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 54 . campbell dali want to become the new leader of the vampire ? alex which mean the only person stand in he way now be ... Alex pull out she cell phone and dial . alex ( cont 'd ) come on , christien pick up . pick up ! Alex snap she phone close and hand Campbell the shipping list . alex ( cont 'd ) take this list to kincaid . tell he to rally every cop in the city . if we do not stop this taint blood from get to the blood bank , New York be go to become a war zone . off Alex ... end of act three night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 55 . act four ext . new york CITY street - evening at various location around the City , a frantic and massive police operation be under way . campbell lead a team of uniformed officer into a blood Bank , where a truck be in the middle of off - load its supply of taint blood . darnell , behind the wheel of a unmark police car with light flash , skid to a stop in front of a blood transfer truck . he leap out of the car , badge in one hand , gun in the other . kincaid lead a fleet of black and white , light flashing and siren blaring , as they intercept other blood transfer truck . unsuspect driver be pull from they truck at gun point , as officer secure they deadly payload . int . club carnage , lounge - night Alex enter to find the Club dark , empty , and all too quiet . she draw she weapon . alex christien ?! no answer . Alex cock she gun . alex ( cont 'd ) christien ? be you here ? Alex 's sense be on fire , she 's not frighten , just focus . something move in the deep shadow across the room . Alex see it and train she gun in that direction . dali ( 0.s. ) I be afraid it 's just I . dali emerge from the shadow . alex stop right there . dali do not stop . he continue to walk toward Alex . dali or what ? you will shoot I ? do you think you bullet can kill I ? alex I think they will hurt . a lot . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 56 . dali I be not afraid of a little pain . in fact , I might enjoy it . keeping she gun train on dali , she reach into she pocket with she other hand and find she stake . she extend it . alex how would you enjoy you time with human first ? dali I laugh myself to sleep every night . alex how could you pass for human for so long ? I see you at the rally . you be stand in broad daylight . dali I have live many year , Alex . more even than you friend christien . there be only a handful of we in the world and we be very , very powerful . dali be get entirely too close . Alex do not want to give up ground , but she do not want to have to fight this fucker either . alex what do you want ? dali circle Alex , study she , careful to stay just out of reach of she stake . just in case . dali I have decide to get into politics . as many of you human leader have prove , there 's no better way to consolidate power than to start a war . alex I can not let you do that . dali I be a sanguis vestus . you can not stop I . alex I do not care if you be the Queen of the damned , this be my City . Alex suddenly draw in a short startled breath as she feel another presence in the room . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 57 . the camera find christien , who have appear as if out of thin air . christien no , it 's mine . the air crackle with tension , there 's a energy that 's almost palpable . dali you have you chance to lead christien . but you sell you people out , pander to the human , subjugate yourself to they law . alex that law keep the peace . christien stay out of this Alex . ( to dali ) we have law too , dali . and you have break they . kill you own kind by poisoning they blood . dali clone blood from bank ? vampire have become nothing but pig feed at the human ' trough . I will return the vampire Community to prominence . no more blood bank . no more live in fear of human and they law . christien you be talk about start a war . dali one that 's be long overdue . christien one we may not win . dali you just do not have the stomach for it . christien just smile . it 's a smile that promise death . Alex give everyone one more chance to be reasonable ... alex christien , this be a police matter dali , I be place you under arrest ... she know its stupid even as she say it , but hey , it 's she job . dali never take he eye off christen . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 58 . dali ( to Alex ) stick around , detective . I be go to be hungry when I be do . and with a rush of air and sound it begin . Alex dive out of the way as christien rush dali . but with staggering speed , dali side -step christien and use he momentum to hurl christien across the Club . christien smashes into a wall . but , christien quickly recover and leap , almost fly , back to dali , landing a series of blows that stagger dali , but he do not fall . christien and dali trade savage blows that would kill a human . vicious round house kick snap neck and head backward as they crash against each other and to the floor , only to return to they foot and continue they brutal ballet . blood flow from they nose , mouth , eye , yet the ferocity of they attack do not wane until christien finally gain the upper hand . he catch dali 's guard down for a split second and drive he across the room . christien and dali crash into the bar , slide across its smooth surface , shatter bottle and other assort glass as they go . dali be momentarily stunned . in slow motion christien raise himself over dali . his eye be filled with blood . he draw he hand back and over he head , ready to plunge he fist into dali 's chest and rip he heart out ... back to speed Alex run toward they . alex no ! christien 's focus be break . he look at Alex as if she 's lose she mind . christien I have the right to kill any vampire that challenge I . alex this be not only about vampire . dali 's crime affect human too . if you kill he now , the City have no closure . without dali , we will never be able to explain what happen . ( more ) night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 59 . alex ( cont 'd ) if we do not bring he in , how can we convince people its over ? right now , christien do not care . with incredible strength , he grab dali around the neck and lift he straight up in the air . dali shriek and flail wildly . Alex grab christien 's arm . alex ( cont 'd ) christien , this city . you City need to see dali punish under the law , everyone 's law . christien lock eye with Alex for a long moment . then , christien let out a horrible scream of un - exercise rage as he hurl dali across the room . dali crash into a wall and fall unconscious to the ground . christien turn to Alex , he eye slowly drain of they red ... christien that 's two you owe I . uniformed police burst in the room to find Alex and a bloody christien stand silently in the middle of the dark Club ... on a television - night kincaid stand at a podium . in front of he , a cluster of microphone and a SMALL sea of reporter . behind he , Jack kemp try to hide he discomfort to be stand shoulder to shoulder with he most hate adversary , christien . christien love that kemp be miserable and , of course , he love the camera . kincaid the Mayor 's Office , in conjunction with the nypd , have officially confirm that all the contaminate blood have be account for and destroy . the blood in we blood Bank system be now 100 % safe . kincaid step back from the microphone , as christien step forward . christien on behalf of the entire vampire Community I would like to extend we thanks to the nypd , especially the Supernatural crime division , in deal so quickly with a very dangerous situation . we be grateful that the rule of law have prevaile . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 60 . as the camera click and they flash strobe , christien give kincaid a hearty handshake , before step back . he give kemp a smirk as kemp approach the microphone . kemp . as the public be well aware , human first have always be and will continue to be a law -abide organization . the unfortunate action of one man will in no way derail we from we state goal . the gather Reporters pounce ... reporter 1 Mr. kemp , what do it mean that a vampire be able to infiltrate human first so easily ? reporter 2 Mr , kemp , be it true you personally recruit dali ? as kemp hem and haw , we pull back to reveal we be in ... int . bar 390 - night a local cop hang out . lot of brass and wood . picture of fall officer adorn the wall behind the bar . definitely more of a beer and shot than cocktail crowd . Alex and chase sit at the bar . in front of they be two glass on wine and a copy of the new york time . tight on the headline : high ranking member of human' first revealed to be a vampire . byline : chase desmond . back to scene the television continue to drine on in the background , but Alex and chase have see all they want to see . chase do you see the look on kemp 's face ? classic . alex he 's go to be live this down for a long time . Alex and chase pick up they glass and clink they ina little toast . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 61 . chase you take a big chance go to Club carnage like that . alex I have to get that scoop I promise you , right ? chase it 's not funny . what if dali have kill christien ? you would have be next . Alex think for a moment . alex you know , it 's weird . that do not even occur to I . I just assume christien would win . chase he be not invincible . alex do not tell he that . ( beat ) I do not know what I would have do if he would kill dali . I be picture try to get the cuff on he ... chase harder in this situation than a couple other I can think of . alex ha , ha . chase you know christien want you . he do not spare dali for the ' sake of the city ' . he do it for you . because it be important to you . Alex stare into she glass where the red wine swirl . she notice it 's almost the color of blood . alex how be I suppose ...? she stop mid-sentence when she see Campbell approach . alex ( cont 'd ) hey . campbell hey . night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 62 . he see chase . campbell ( cont 'd ) I do not want to interrupt . chase stand as Alex let Campbell in . chase actually I be just leave . Nice to see you again , detective . campbell likewise . chase grab she coat and give Alex a hug goodbye . chase ( whisper ) he 's hot . for a human . the bar patron part appreciatively for chase as she sail out the door . Campbell sit down and put he drink on the bar campbell Nice to have a night off . alex do not get use to it , they be few and far between . ( beat ) you do pretty good out there , fletcher . campbell just pretty good ? come on , I have get war wound . Campbell reflexively put a hand to he bandage neck alex how be it ? campbell get the blood test back . still one hundred percent human . there 's a " thank God " in there somewhere . alex not ready to see how the other half life ? campbell I think I will leave that to darnell . ( more ) night watch - " Pilot " - 3-12-07 63 . campbell ( cont 'd ) although I suppose be a vampire could have its moment . Campbell raise a eyebrow , but Alex be not take the bait . there 's be enough talk about vampire tonight . campbell ( cont 'd ) so , be I in , or what ? kincaid say you have the final say . Alex pick up she glass and hold it up . part of she be sure this be a mistake , but there 's something about he .. alex do not make I regret this . Campbell lean in to she space . he be only inch away . Alex can feel the warmth of he skin , feel he breath on she face as he ask , campbell what 's life without a few regret ? alex welcome to the squad , Campbell . with a grin , Campbell drain he glass with a single swallow and Alex suspect she life suddenly just become even more complicated ... ext . new york CITY - night the camera pan up to a full moon high above the city , Alex 's city . camera pan off the full moon and find ... christien , stand on a balcony , watch the same moon high above the city , christien 's city . the end