streetwise streetwise early morning on rainbow Bridge , Rat leap eighty foot into the water . Rat ( Voice over ) I love to fly . it 's just you be alone , there 's peace and quiet , nothing around you but clear blue sky . no one to hassle you . no one to tell you where to go or what to do . the only bad part about fly be have to come back down to the fuckin ' world . afternoon on Pike Street , dewayne and Rat panhandle the crowd . dewayne spare some change , mar 'am , so I and my father could get something to eat ? woman no , I do not , son . dewayne alright . ( to buddha . ) why not say you be my father ? budda no . I be not hungry . dewayne alright . then get lose . I gotta make some money . dewayne ( voice over ) live downtown , a typical day be ... I would get up at twelve , take a shower , get something to eat . Three o'clock I be on my robbin ' streak , start robbin ' people ' till six , seven o'clock . then I would go get my drug , get my food , get my ... whoever I be go to sleep with that night . Party until twelve . then everybody would turn in and stuff . dewayne so what 's up ? chrissie not much . dewayne spare some change ? chrissie Hell no . dewayne how ' bout a kiss ? chrissie Hell no . dewayne oh well . life 's hard . Rat Sir , you would not be able to help I out with a little change , would you ? man no . Rat not at all , huh . ya know , you be a fuckin ' dick . Rat ( voice over ) I be not even think about run away or nothin' . but my dad tell I that if I ever get catch sell pot , never come home ' cause he would kill I . so when it all come down , I just say , 'oh , well . ' dewayne ( voice over ) I never miss my mom and dad . they be part of my past now , the way I look at it . dewayne where you be livin ' at ? Rat ( sing ) I be live at the ymca ... a old abandon hotel . the window and door be board up . Inside , Rat roller skate through the empty corridor . Rat ( voice over ) there 's this old abandon hotel and we take all the furniture we could find in all the different room and put it into this one room . and we would carry water up in this gallon jug , ' cause it do not have no water or electricity . and we would just shower down at this place call the compass on Washington Avenue for fifty cent . and do we laundry in the laundromat and whatever it take . it be pretty easy actually . Rat and he friend Jack in the railroad yard . Rat ( voice over ) and then I and Jack just start hang out together . we be real good friend . he will treat you right . he will not rip you off . when you back be turn , he be not gonna stab you . I would never even have think about catch a train if it be not for Jack . he show I the way of the train , how they run , where they go . and Jack teach we you can tell the main track ' cause they get a gravel mound and it set higher than all the other track . and then you just look north and that 's the north yard . then you just count three track over to you right . and then we would just jump on a train and be on we way . tiny on Pike Street . tiny ( voice over ) I wanna be really rich ... and live on a farm with a bunch of horse , which be my main best animal ... and have three yacht or more ... and diamond and jewel and all that stuff . tiny go to the adolescent free Clinic for a gynecological examination . Medical counselor so you do not have any symptom right now , but you do have some concern that you might have a sexually transmit disease ? tiny nothing serious . it just might be trichomonas again . Medical counselor do you ever have one before ? tiny yes . Medical counselor what do you have ? tiny I have have chlamydia , trichomonas and gonorrhea . tiny ( voice over ) I think it be very strange that older man like little girl . they be pervert be what they be . I like the money , but I do not like they . Medical counselor you have be sexually active since the time that you be treat ? tiny what do you mean by that ? Medical counselor oh , good question . have you have sex with anyone since you be treat in Portland ? tiny no. just date . the first date I turn be about two thursdays ago . then I turn another one on Friday . tiny ( voice over ) some date be nice . and some of they , the young one be really cute , but I do not want to be interested in they , ' cept for the money , that 's it . I use to least bring in $ 300 or $ 400 . for a blowjob it would be $ 30 on up and for a lay it would be $ 40 on up . most of this veterinarian 'hos would charge more than we little kid do . tiny be not it after every two week you can get pregnant , after you period , every two week ? Medical counselor you can get pregnant any time during you cycle . a person can even get pregnant when she 's have she period . it 's not as likely . tiny I pull a date and do not use a rubber , because he say he do not use they . Medical counselor how often do you usually have you period ? tiny every three or four week . Medical counselor and they come pretty regular ? tiny well , I just start in August . Medical counselor so you would only have the one in August ? tiny and the one in September . Medical counselor so you have barely begin . do you ever have period before then ? tiny no. Medical counselor you be how old ? tiny fourteen . Medical counselor and how would you feel about be pregnant ? tiny I want a baby . but not by a new trick though . Medical counselor what 's you feel about be pregnant now , if the trick be the father ? tiny well , I be not get a abortion . Medical counselor you might ... tiny no , I would not . I do not believe in they . Medical counselor tell I about that . what 's you feel about abortion ? tiny it 's like you be murdering somebody . murd ... I can not pronounce the word . but , it 's like there 's a little baby inside you and you be just kill it . it 's not fair to the baby . I mean it 's not the baby 's fault . Medical counselor so , that would not be a choice for you ? tiny no. near Pike Street , tiny get into the car of a old man . tiny ( voice over ) I use to turn date lot and lot of time . just about every day I would be turn date day and night , day and night . then I get bust five time . so , now I do not pull date I do not know . Rat and Jack in the abandon hotel . Rat ( voice over ) when we would get real low on money , I would take Mike 's .45 , because I would sell my .38 , and I would go roll a queer . Rat ( smoking a joint ) tastes like colombian to I . Jack ai not that bud that 's be go around , be it ? Rat ah , no way . you have get to buy that stuff in gram . I think it go out . Jack what do ? Rat oh , I guess not . you know Alan and that guy he be run around with ? he have we walk around mount Vernon for two day look for this queer that turn he onto all this procaine . we be gonna live in he house for a day . and then when he go to bed we be gonna tie he up and take all he money he have in he wall safe -- all this procaine and all this marijuana stuff he have . we walk around mount Vernon for two day look for this guy . I finally tell Alan and he friend , man , I tell he ' fuck off , man . ' I and Mike get on the freeway and hitchhike all the way up to bellingham . Jack that 's when you have all of they fuckin ' key and the cop be ask you where you get they . whatever happen to that burlington Northern key ? Rat my mom 's get all my key . tiny and Kim talk on Pike Street . Kim my mom , before they go on vacation about four o'clock Friday , she wake I up and she go ' we be leave now . ' and I go ' yeah , yeah . ' it 's four o'clock in the morning . and she go , ' I know that you be a prostitute and I know what you have be do and I know that you have get money . ' and I jump up and say , ' do you look in my purse ? ' and she go , ' no . ' and I go ' Mom , I be not . just leave . ' and she go ' Fine . thanks alot . all week long I be go to remember this . all week I be go to be think about how much you love I . ' I do not care . she do not care about I . she never do . she do not . oh well . tiny my mom care about I a lot . Kim where be she ? where do she live ? tiny she go to Eastern Washington , I think , for the weekend . Kim that be not even my real mom . I be adopt . I do not even know who my real parent be . I do not know if they be dead or alive . I be go to find out though . when I be eighteen I be go through the court to find out . I do not know . sometimes it seem like a waste of time . if they do not care enough to keep I , why should I care enough to find out who they be ? tiny well , they could be rich right now . you know what I be say , really rich . or they could be bum . tiny on the street look for a date . tiny ( voice over ) my real dad I have never know . he could be the guy that 's really rich , drive a mercede . or he could be one of this bum on the street . I do not know . I really want to meet he . he could be one of this date roll around . I could have date he for all I know . dewayne and Rat talk in a alley off Pike Street . Rat and you mom be where ? dewayne I do not know , San Diego somewhere . and my dad 's in jail . Rat that suck . dewayne life 's a bitch , be not it ? Rat be you originally from Seattle ? dewayne nope . Port orchard . well , Washington , yeah . be in New York once . I hitchhike there -- be there for a hour and leave . Rat what jail 's you dad in ? dewayne King County , go up to walla walla State penitentiary for burglary and attempt arson . so where you be live , before you live in that ... wherever you live at ? Rat in that hotel ? dewayne yeah . be it seriously desert ? how long you be live there ? Rat shit , since a month after I get to Seattle . dewayne where be you from originally ? Rat California . dewayne what part ? Rat Sacramento . dewayne I go through there one time . it be bunk . Rat I do not like Sacramento . I live right on the outside of Sacramento . dewayne I go through there and some faggot be tryin ' to pick I up , but I rob he of $ 150 . Rat take he car too ? dewayne Hell no . I hitchhike . I love hitchhikin' . not in Seattle though , ' cause the only one that will pick you up be hippie , stoner or fine girl . I like the fine girl to pick I up . ( they laugh . ) on Pike Street , Kim and tiny talk . Kim I just start do this stuff . I never even think of ' hoing ' till I get down here . you know Tracy ? she use to live with I when she be a home girl , because she parent kick she out . and she disappear . she go downtown with lorna . you know lorna ? and then lorna come back and say that Tracy 's a 'ho now . and then I get really worried about she . I say , ' I can not let she do that stuff . ' ' Cause I always hear bad thing like white slavery , that she 's gonna get beat up and everything . that 's what scared I . so I think , I gotta come down and get she out of there , whether I gotta kidnap she or what . then I come down here and I see she and she say , ' it 's great , man . ' so I be just sittin ' there go ' what ? I hear that you do not like it down here , that you be get beat up and rape and everything . ' she say , ' I be make so much money and it 's so easy , the money come so easy . it 's great . you gotta do it . ' and I sit there and I go , ' how much money do you make ? ' and she start name off and I go , ' wow ! I think I would better . ' Kim at a pay telephone on Pike Street . Kim hi , Sam . this be kimberly again . so have you decide ? do you want a date tonight ? pimp on Pike Street ; fragment of a conversation . patrice Juan always be lettin ' that broad wear he coat and shit . that bitch be not gonna listen to he for long . she only break $ 30 wop . a pimp floyd hit I so goddamn hard , when I wake up , man , it be dark . I have to ask people around I what have happen . patrice what be you talk about ? I do not do nothin ' for free . I be a pimp . I be goin ' out to that high school and get I some fresh one . in a parking lot near Pike Street , Kim talk to tiny , erica , and Kevin about choose a pimp . Kim he say , ' if anybody come to beat you up and I come and save you , that mean you gotta work for I . ' I hope he do not get somebody to come beat I up . Kevin no , he be not . I will tell you the truth and this be the honest truth . with I , you will be safer , happier and richer . erica he will kill you , ok ? he will ass - fuck you , fuck you in the ear or anything . I be serious , do not mess with patrice . Kevin I do not know about all that , but I know you be make a serious mistake . tiny do patrice try to do anything with you last night ? Kim no . erica he shoot up . he 's a drug fiend . tiny well , what do you want to do ? who do you want to be with ? Kim I do not know . I be confuse . I do not know who 's the right person . I just do not know . tiny he rape I last year , when I first come downtown ... erica he rape I too . and he take my money . up in that hotel , he come and say he be gonna rob this dude ... tiny he take a fuck coat-hanger and heat it up on the gas heater and say he be gonna beat I if I do not take off my clothes . I say , ' I be not takin ' off my clothes . ' erica we be scare she . tiny we do not mean to scare you . we be just tell you the truth . you get beat up and some of this girl end up gettin ' kill . tiny and erica leave . Kim and Kevin continue to talk . Kevin people get kill down here , they go to jail down here . everything happen down here and none of it 's good . Kim I have not see nobody get kill . Kevin I see a guy get the shit kick out of he by three nigger over in front of t.j. 's just this morning and get haul off in the ambulance . he get the shit kick out of he because he pull a big ole steak knife out on them . you miss that one , dear , but that be just this morning . Kim so who care . I do not really care . whatever happen , happen . late afternoon on Pike Street , chrissie taunt lillie . chrissie I should pass the word around . you be a snitch . lillie Chris , just leave I alone . chrissie whacha gonna do about it ? huh ? tramp ! lillie I be gonna quit . sorry , but I be not a tramp and I be not a fuck snitch either . chrissie come here and say it to my face , you little tramp . in a parking lot near Pike Street at night . lulu I want to call you man and tell you man I want to beat you up , but I want to talk to he first , to let he know what 's goin ' on . ' Cause he 's streetwise like a mother - fucker . if you wanna be downtown , you gotta be cool . you better learn the way of the street before you start hangin ' down here and doin ' shit like you be doin ' . blond I do not know I be doin ' anything . Pike Street , at night . patrice get arrest . a group of born-again Christians sing hymn . Three boy and a girl have a fist fight in the street , stop traffic . Morning come to a alley line with garbage dumpster . Rat shit , what be all this shit ? Jack I dunno , come on . Rat wanna jacket , a leather jacket ? Jack it 's full of grape jelly , man . Rat and Jack come upon a familiar dumpster and start digging in . Rat and Jack ( in unison ) it 's the chinese dumpster ! Rat ( Voice over ) when you get regular dumpster , we call them reg , you go there every night . you check all this dumpster all this different place . and you can tell because they be reg what 's be there since last week and what be put in there that night . ' Cause alot of people say , ' shit , that shit could be a week old and you can not even tell , ' but you can because it 's you reg , you regular dumpster . Rat sample some fry chicken . Rat I think I hit the jackpot . on Pike Street . lulu try to persuade lillie and she boyfriend to leave . lulu I tell she I would even get she bus fare , really . I do not want to see she get beat up , she 's too young . lillie I be fifteen . lulu you be not even fifteen . do not give I that . lillie by next year I will be ... lulu bullshit . you be talk shit . how come you can not say it to my face . you be not fifteen . ( to lillie 's boyfriend . ) she 's gonna get you in trouble . thirteen will get you twenty . lulu ( voice over ) I help a lot of people out . I have talk kid into go home . I be not get to prove myself to show that I be a girl . I have think about not be a lesbian , but then every guy I have ever be with have screw I over anyway . I get along with straight people too . just , most of they think that because I be gay that I be try to pick up on they girlfriend . to tell you the truth , I get to like somebody alot to even kiss them . see , I be my own type of person , I be . I protect alot of people . this bum be try to feel on this friend of mine 's chest . I literally walk up and make he come back and apologize to the girl . ( lulu force the bum to he knee and slap he across he face . ) because she 's not public property . I could understand if it be a telephone pole or something , he could touch it then . it 's just the way I be . I have be like that since I have be down here . ' Cause nobody do nothin ' for I . so , I make he come back and apologize and send he on he way . I just tell he , ' go on , man , get out of here . ' he leave . ( lulu push he into the traffic . ) tiny visit she mother Pat who work as a waitress at the coffee Hut . Pat ( Voice over ) she have grow up quite a bit since she 's be on this street . she 's fourteen go on twenty - one . tiny extra pickle too , mom , please . Pat ( to the cook ) put extra pickle on that . Pat ( voice over ) oh , when I be drinkin ' , Erin and I use to get in some bad argument . I could see it in she mind , she 's thinkin ' , ' oh no , not again . ' tiny ( get the hamburger ) mmmmmm . thank you , mom . Pat ( voice over ) I do not know why I start drinkin' . just cause of boredom half the time . I do not know . tiny ( shouting to the cook ) too much juice . Pat come on , two more bite . tiny one more . I do not like the bread . Pat ( voice over ) see , I have have Erin all my life . I have have to bring she up myself . and then one day I suddenly get marry . I think she like Tom . she just do not want to admit it . tiny ( hold she full stomach ) I feel like I be pregnant . Pat ( yawn ) oh , goodness . ( she serve tiny some pie . ) tiny ( sniff the pie suspiciously ) do not you have no whipping cream ? Pat no . Pat ( voice over ) my fear be that some day I be go to get a phone call or a knock at my door ... and she 's not go to be there any more . tiny and Pat walk to they bungalow . tiny ( voice over ) we start live at Larry 's a couple of month ago , because my mom and my dad get kick out of they apartment . and Larry offer they a place to stay . naturally you call somebody who marries you mother a ' dad . ' sometimes he 's a asshole . but he 's in the ( alcoholic ) treatment center . he 's go to stay there for two month . tiny climb in the window to open the door from the inside . Pat oh , for cryin ' out loud . damn dog . ( Dog yelp . ) tiny quit pissin ' on the floor now . look at this mess . Pat damn that dog . tiny you should have leave she out ... what happen to this house ? I clean it . I be go to spray some deodorant around here , some right Guard . Pat right Guard ? well , you want a dog , Erin , I do not want she . they sit down at the kitchen table . Pat do a crossword puzzle and drink a beer . tiny go through the avon cosmetic book : tiny I need more make - up , Mom . I want " cloudy Blue " and " meadow violet " and ... Pat ( voice over ) she 's always wantin ' this and wantin ' that . when you be a waitress you just do not make that much . one day she come home and tell I she would make $ 200 . I ' bout fall off my chair . tiny ... then I want this three frost , the blue , the lavender , and " the best of bronze . " Pat that cost too much . look at the price on that ! tiny two for $ 4.99 . Pat oh , two . tiny move to the bedroom and they conversation continue from separate room . Pat ( voice over ) when Erin first tell I about this , she think I would be really angry with she and hate she , but I do not . it 's just a phase she 's go through right now . I can not stop she from do this . she 's just go to do it anyway . tiny do you think I would be gettin ' that make - up by the end of this month ? Pat probably about the seventeenth . tiny be not that the day you get marry ? Pat oh , yeah . how ' bout that ? tiny I betcha dad 's goin ' start bitchin ' at ya . Pat no . ' Bout what ? tiny probably wonder if you be sleep with Larry or not . Pat oh , Erin . for heaven 's sake . tiny I be not say you do . but that 's what he 's gonna start bitchin ' at you about . tiny ( voice over ) he beat up on my mom . he break she leg once . he do not work . he depend on my mom alot , which be not right . I think the man should support the woman . he say , ' she do not have any money . ' and I say , ' it 's because of you . you spend she money on beer . so she do not have time for I . ' now my mom 's in a mess she can not get out of . I feel really sorry for she . tiny it will be a year since you be marry . a year have go by fast , have not it ? huh ? Mom ? Pat yes . do not bug I ... I be drinkin ' . Rat do he laundry in a laundromat . Rat ( voice over ) when I first run away and come here to Seattle , I be tired of be the middleman between my mom and my dad 's divorce . I tell my mom when I call she about two week after I get here that I be in trouble with the law . she understand it . she say , ' alright , I will see you when you be eighteen . ' and I say , ' alright . ' and then about a month later I call she again and I say , ' hey mom , how 's it goin ? ' and she say , ' it 's awful . I be break . he 's try to drain I , try to make my life miserable . ' and she start cry alot , ask I to come home . and I just say , ' Mom , I gotta go ' and I hang up on she . Rat go outside to panhandle . Rat Excuse I , sir . could you spare a dime , so I could finish drying my laundry ? man here you go , son . Rat thank you , sir . you have a nice day . Rat ( voice over ) and then I never call she again . I never write she a letter or nothin' . fuck it , ya know . let she think what she want , that I be dead , whatever she want to think . but I do not want to listen to she cry ... makin ' I feel bad . reverend Tom Robinson of the emerald City Mission solicit money on Pike Street . his group sing " if you want Joy you must jump for it . " reverend Tom ( shouting ) that building at 1420 second Avenue , by the grace of God , will be the new shelter that will sleep two hundred man and fifteen woman and two family . and all we ask from you be one dollar . we do not ask for ten , twenty and hundred , but you let God move on you and you give one dollar and God will bless you . for fourteen year I believe that God be dead . but I do not believe that anymore . billy Graham convict I when he point he finger right at I and say , GOD want you to serve he ! a crowd of street kid gather . patrice when you leave here whachu gonna do ? you gonna go home . right , brother ? reverend Tom sure I be . patrice yeah , you be gonna go home . and you be gonna go into you big house , and get into you big bed and sleep with you big wife , and all that there , brother . reverend Tom I be gonna go home and pack food for tomorrow 's food bank . patrice ok . what religion be you ? reverend Tom I be pentecostal . full Gospel . patrice that 's what I be raise as , a pentecostal . but I do not believe that shit . ( to the crowd . ) you want to know how they be work we ? remember how when you be in school , once a year they would tell you to bring you can goods and give them to we ? that 's what they be do . they say bring you can goods and give them to we . then they turn around and give they back to you . ( laughter . ) and then they say ' we be doin ' something for ya ' all . ' that 's how they be workin ' we . I could stand out here and say , ' yes , Lord . thank you , Jesus . gimme a dollar . ' I could do that . reverend Tom you could . patrice yeah , I could . and probably get a dollar . reverend Tom it 's you privilege . patrice see , all this be nothin ' . reverend Tom but I be not stand here for I . see , you would be stand here for you . patrice who be you stand there for ? reverend Tom I be stand here for you . patrice you be stand here for I ? ai not that nothin ' ! reverend Tom ' Cause you might be hungry this winter . patrice we be wise out here . we be streetwise . you know that ? everybody 's scammin' . you be scammin' . I be scammin ' . reverend Tom well , you and I will have to sit down and talk about this . maybe you can wise I up . patrice yeah , ' cause you need alot of wisin ' if you think you be gonna get rich stand out here . what give you the audacity to think that we be gonna come off we street life and into you program ? reverend Tom I do not wancha in my program . patrice ah , just a second ago you say ... reverend Tom all I want to do be give you a good night 's sleep . patrice and then I can wake up in the morning , go downstairs and eat some cabin crunch ... reverend Tom cookie and coffee or whatever we get . patrice can I bring my girlfriend there if I want to ? reverend Tom nooo . if you do , she will have to stay in a different place . patrice no , brother . it do not work like that . reverend Tom yeah , it work that way . but I like you , brother . patrice I like you , too . ( they shake hand . ) what 's you name ? let I have a card ? reverend Tom Tom Robinson . here 's a card . Rat and Jack scam for dinner . Rat ( voice over ) there 's many different scam . there 's ' eat and run . ' that 's where you go into a restaurant . you order something . usually they will set you right by the cash register if you look young and like you do not have any money so they can see you . but right by the cash register be right by the door , so that work out even better . there 's also ' dumpster dive . ' you call shakey ' pizza . you can do it right out in front of the restaurant . they get a pay phone right outside . ( Rat enter phone booth . ) you call and order this Hawaiian style pizza with canadian bacon and pineapple . they ask you name and you number . you hang up . they call you right back . you say , ' yeah , I order this and this ' and they say ' alright ' and you hang up . and then in about a hour , nobody come to claim the pizza and they set them out in the dumpster in the box . you go over there and you get six or seven free pizza . it 's easy to survive without pull trick or date on the street . patrice show he own scam to the guy on Pike Street . patrice there it be . ( he open the bottom of a pack of cigarettes . ) blotter acid . you get two hit out of every pack , man . five dollar a hit . it sell like pancake . I and junior make a hundred buck sell nothing but bunk at a concert . then we go and buy some good cocaine and psshhook . ( laugh . ) James go to a blood bank . Rat ( voice over ) you gotta be over eighteen to sell blood , so most of the kid on the street can not sell it , so they can not make money that way . but , if you get a fake id and you look eighteen , then you can go there and sell blood . nurse ( to James ) the first one you do , the last two we do . but you make sure that we do they . it 's you responsibility to make sure that you walk out of here alive ... ok , make a fist for I . in the corner of second and Pike street , William take lulu on . a crowd gather . William if you be a goddamn woman , lulu , why do not you act like one ? lulu fuck you . I do not have to act like all this bitch down here . William I be not talk about act like a bitch . I be talk about act like a woman , lulu . you do not do that . lulu you be not my man . you do not tell I shit . William I would not be you man even if you like man . lulu you can not tell I shit . William bitch , I be tellin ' you all kind of thing . lulu fuck you , punk . William bitch . lulu punk . William ' Ho . lulu punk . William tramp . lulu what about you k.c .? the one with the burn goddamn gonorrhea . lulu ( voice over ) I be not put on a dress for nobody . I have not do it since I be sixteen . I have have my nose break five time . I have have both set of my eye bone break , top and bottom . I have have my jaw crack three time . I will tell people now , they can beat the shit out of I , but they be not get I away from down here . on Pike Street , dewayne come on to Kim . Kim calvin and erica be down here ? dewayne erica be . Kim this girl tell I they be after my ass . I gotta keep it cool . dewayne man , I would not even worry about they . Kim there be alot of people after my ass ' cause I be not work any more . dewayne well , be with I and you would not have to work . Kim ( laugh ) naw . dewayne I be serious . no mother - fucker 's gonna fuck with you . Kim I be just not go to come down here any more . dewayne then let I get you phone number , so I can call you , so we can go out for pizza or somethin' . Kim I do not have a phone right now . dewayne well , let I give you my number and you can call I . Kim ok , whatever . dewayne anybody get a pen ? I do not get no pen . there 's a pen , thank you sir . now , anybody get a piece of paper ? dewayne go to the adolescent free Clinic to find out why he be so small for he age . Dr. deisher well , you gain about 3 inch in height , since we last see you almost a year and a half ago . you have not gain much weight . you be about the same weight as you be . dewayne I eat all the time , but I do not gain no weight or nothin' . I think there 's a worm inside I or something ' . Dr. deisher think you get worm , huh ? dewayne I dunno . I want to get it check out . Dr. deisher sure . can you straighten up ? ( dewayne uncurl he spine from its usual slouch . ) do you spend alot of time on the street ? dewayne yup . Dr. deisher what do you do down there ? dewayne panhandle . just hang around . hug all the girl . Dr. deisher you get alot of girlfriend ? dewayne yup . Dr. deisher hummmm . let 's see that tonsils . ( he slip a tongue depresser into dewayne 's mouth . ) dewayne awgh . Dr. deisher take it easy . when do you have tonsillitis last ? dewayne awwgh . when I be lock up in echo Glen , that be maybe two month ago . Dr. deisher do you go to school last year ? dewayne nope . for two year I have not be to school . Dr. deisher so you have not be to school since you be twelve ? dewayne no. I be sixteen . Dr. deisher ( feel the gland in dewayne 's neck ) do it hurt when I do this ? dewayne nope . it feel good . Dr. deisher what do you think you would like to do someday ? dewayne I dunno . Dr. deisher anything interest you at all ? dewayne nope . Dr. deisher you get lot of big gland in you neck . you get chronically infect tonsils , which certainly do not help you growth and you nutrition any . dewayne I might join the navy , if the world last that long . Reagan 's send all they Marines , shootin ' everybody . all they Marines get to shootin' , cuttin ' out Russia and Russia 's probably gonna bomb we or somethin' . ow , that hurt right there . Dr. deisher that hurt , huh ? do it hurt bad or just a little ? dewayne just a little . ow , right there . oh , yeah . Rat , Jack , and shadow look at knife in a pawn shop window . Rat you mean you be not get fifty cent ? why do not you just walk up to some guy and ask he for fifty cent to catch the bus ? shadow ' Cause I do not have a face like yours . Rat aw , it will work . shadow leave . Rat ( to Jack ) he 's the worst one on Pike Street . he will be you buddy when you be face to face . as soon as you turn around , you get a knife in you back . it be not worth it . shadow sit alone on Pike Street . shadow ( Voice over ) you learn how to fight , one way or another . or you disappear . I know how to fight , but I like disappear . my mother and father get a divorce when I be about a year old . my mother decide I should go to a foster home . about five year ago , my father say , ' I want you to come over . ' so , I spend six month with my father . six month be up , nobody could find my mother . a year go up , nobody could find my mother . my father get tired of I and my sister . he tell I to leave . I leave . shellie use a pay telephone on Pike Street to phone home . shellie hi . be mom there ? howya doin ' ? ... nothing , just call to tell you I be ok and shit ... where be I ? none of you business ... no . call I a prostitute . come on , I dare you to ... no , that 's not what I be do but that 's what you call I last time I be go ... yes you do ... I call to tell you I be ok , to see how you be doin ' and now I be go to hang up ... and I hope you have fun with you stupid-ass husband . ( to shadow . ) ooooo , she piss I off . shadow and shellie go to the amusement park together . shadow ( voice over ) shellie 's a real sweet girl . the street be nothing for a girl that young . I mean , fourteen year old and on the street ... I have take care of she a little , make sure she 's eat . she 's like a little sister ... I like woman for the simple reason they be sweet , they be caring , they need care . shellie one thing I do not do be fall in love in two or three day . I have make many mistake ... shadow you have never live on the street . shellie I have so live on the street before . shadow not like this . not like I have . shellie I do not want to live on the street like you have . I be not go to either , man . shadow be you go to help I dye my hair ? shellie Hell , no . I can not dye hair , man . shadow I will do it myself then . I do not know how I be go to do it , but I be go to do it myself . shellie why do you want you hair dyed ? to change ? shadow not actually to change , to get away from everything . shellie that be not gonna get you away from jack - shit , honey . shadow it will , consider I be gonna dye my hair . shellie ( voice over ) my mom 's get seven kid . she 's thirty - two . my wish would be to have a small family that be happy . just my older brother , my real dad and I and my mom . nobody else . shellie at home with she mother . shellie 's mother I can not have you livin ' out on the street . shellie so , I can not have I live here . mother I be try to get some input from you shellie . anything but sarcasm . shellie that 's all I get around here . that 's all I ever hear from Larry . mother that 's he way of deal with people . shellie right . he make I sick ... from when I be little and he be a pervert and shit . every time I remember what he do to I , when he take advantage of I and shit . mother I do not know and you do not tell I . shellie I didn't know it . until you start ask I . mother but you would not tell I then . shellie when you ask I if he do a certain thing , I say , ' yeah . ' and then you go and tell he . ever since then he 's hate I . mother yeah , but he do not do it any more . shellie so . I still hate he for do it to begin with . shellie sit on a bench on Pike Street eat a pizza with patti and munchkin . shellie ( voice over ) shadow ask I if he find a place for I to stay , a permanent place , would I stay there . I say , ' yeah , probably . ' he say , ' well , patti and munchkin say you can stay with they . ' they need the money for rent . shadow ( voice over ) I grow up with munchkin . for a long time I run around with he . and patti , I meet she down here about three year ago beatin' the heck out of some old dude ' cause he say something ' wrong to she . patti and munchkin kissing on Pike Street . shadow ( voice over ) patti and munchkin be very ... they be , in my eye , make for each other . they argue , but do not all love affair argue ? patti and munchkin be a team . that 's the way they work the best . a street couple that be struggle to survive . Rat and Jack shower at the Lutheran compass Center . Rat ( voice over ) every person , no matter how big or tough they be , should always have a partner . you never want to go on the street alone . it 's a mistake . it 's just you will get lonely , you will get upset , you will get beat up . because , you never can tell if someone 's gonna come up from the front of you and start to get you attention , and this other dude be gonna walk up behind you and bust you fuckin ' head . partner be always better . shadow take a motel room for the night to dye he hair . he kneel on the bathroom floor read the instruction on the package . shadow mix all mixture and thoroughly saturate hair . loosely pile hair on top of head . leave you hair silky , shiny , and free of tangles . look at himself in the mirror , shadow massage the dye into he hair . shadow ( voice over ) I consider myself a playboy . as a boyfriend , you be obligate to one girl . I consider myself dependent upon a couple of girl support I . but as far as be a pimp , I never push they out onto the street . you can not be a boyfriend and have three girlfriend . but you can be a playboy . a playboy be what I consider myself . tiny and shellie in a video arcade . shellie now she 's marry again . that 's why I be not at home . ' Cause I can not stand my step -dad . tiny nobody can stand they step -dad . shellie some people get along fine with they . my first stepdad be ok . dewayne visit he father in prison . Lee be behind a glass partition . they speak use telephone . Lee I get a idea that 's fantastic . we will make some money and we will put it in ' Lee &; son thrift shop . ' we be gonna open up we own store , like that thrift store I have . when I get out , as soon as I be out a little while , I want you to come with I ' cause I have already talk to some people about a building in maybe redland . look around out there . see if there 's any good thrift shop out there . dewayne alright . Lee I be suppose to get out this Friday , but I will not because I have get to wait for the damn parole board . if it would just be that burglary it would be alright , but it be that stupid arson thing . so the board want to talk to I . and like everybody say , I have do thirty year -- what the hell good be it go to do to make I do a couple more year . I have only get three year leave on my ' max . ' dewayne be you in a cell by yourself ? Lee no , I be in the ' mean tank . ' that 's for guy who have do time and everything before . dewayne for a felony and stuff ? Lee yeah . dewayne be a bunch of the joker in there ? Lee two of them be , yeah . dewayne be one stubb ? Lee yeah . dewayne tell he I say 'hi . ' Lee yeah , yeah . what 's this ? you be gonna have to take you tonsils out ? dewayne they say it 's always infect and stuff , so I do not know . they think that 's why I be so small and stuff . Lee you know that 's funny . I be that way , too . dewayne be you small like this ? Lee yeah . they take they out and about a year after that I get almost as big as I be now . dewayne I eat all the time but I do not gain no weight . so you think it 's just ... whadaya call it ? Lee tonsils and adenoid . dewayne yeah , but ... Lee hed ... heditary ... hereditary . dewayne yeah . Lee how much be you smoking ? dewayne I be cut down to maybe four cigarettes a day . four or five . Lee that 's good . ( he light a cigarette . ) do not smoke too much ' cause that 's bad too . still messin ' with that weed ? dewayne a little . Lee how ' bout anything else ? dewayne nope . Lee let I see you arm . dewayne my arm ? why ? Lee undo you sleeve . dewayne naw , I have not be do none of that . here I will even show you . see. nothin ' . Lee what be you messin ' with ? dewayne nothin ' . Lee you be a smart kid . you be a good-look kid . you have get intelligence . you have get my brain . ( laugh . ) but you be like I . you be a con man , dewayne . whadaya wanna be ? a little punk on the street ? a little smart - ass little punk . that 's all you think you be . you be go to wind up just like I be . look at I when I talk at you . that 's the dang trouble , you have not pay any attention to I . there 's a guy in we tank , twenty - four year old . they just give he four life sentence . twenty - four year old . it will not be too many damn year they will be do that to you . they be not go to slap you little hand and send you off to echo Glen or some damn place . be that what you want ? dewayne no . Lee you say that now ' cause you be sittin ' here talk to I . get you hand out of you mouth ! let I see you finger . still bite you damn nail , be not you ? when be you gonna stop doin ' that ? huh ? you be out there , tough guy on the street . bigtime tough little punk be all you be . can not even quit bite you fingernails . you be too goddamn little to be tough , kid ... I be serious . I love you very , very much , even though I get mad and want to kill you . I love you . you be all I get . and unfortunately , I be all you have get . I be gonna make it up to you ... for all the stuff we do not do . I know I have to talk rough to you sometimes , dewayne , but you know that I love you a whole big , big bunch . if I get out this time , I will keep you straight and you keep I straight . be that a deal ? just remember , you and I be all we get . together be not nobody can whip we , be not nobody can do anything to we . I love you . dewayne bye-bye . dewayne leave . his father wave goodbye through the glass partition . patrice run into he mother and she friend by accident in a parking lot near Pike Street . mother look at you . all beat up and cut up and scar up and drugge up . I have not see you in two month . you do not even call I . I can not get over that . after I send for you all the way from California , down there strand . and you do not even thank I . you ought to thank I now . patrice thank you , mom . ( they kiss . ) mother 's friend call she up . you can call she up . nikita and they call I and Todd call I . do you love you mother ? patrice yes . mother when be you gonna show I ? when be you gonna make I proud ? mother 's friend so that 's what you should do , you should stop and see mom , you know what I mean . ' Cause she be the only one gotta guide map to you life . ' Cause you can not go nowhere unless you ask you mother advice and thing , you know that ? mother he do not want no advice right now . he think he 's doin ' it . mother 's friend that 's why he 's gettin ' knock around and beat around , too . mother you think you be doin ' it ? I love you , patrice . you wanna go eat something ' ? I be not gonna just give you my money , now . if you wanna go eat something ' , I will feed you . patrice I be not hungry , mar . mother yes , ya be . mother 's friend what do you eat today ? patrice some cookie and ah ... mother 's friend junk food . patrice ... and some juice . mother you want something hot in you stomach ? that 's what you need . if I give you some of my money , whacha gonna do with it ? patrice save it . mother oh , yeah . how're you gonna save it out here ? you will just tell I anything just to shut I up . mother 's friend I be tellin ' ya . he gonna save it . ( laugh . ) mother ( to she friend ) you get some money ? mother 's friend just a little change . mother if I think you be buy a pack of cigarettes , next time I see you I will not give you a dollar . patrice ok . mother 's friend or some weed . mother you would better not ! you know that 's hard - work money . I work for that money . you spend it wisely , ok ? when you get straight , you know where you house be . patrice ok . mother 's friend and the only way you can really get straight be to stay in touch with mom , because you can not straighten yourself . lulu on Pike Street . lulu ( voice over ) I have seven brother and sister . I lose one seven month ago from cirrhosis of the liver . she be twenty - six . I love she alot . it make I sort of loony for about a month . people think I be go crazy . I be not go crazy , I just could not handle it . lulu fight with a cop . lulu ( shouting ) I just get out of jail not even a month ago . I be not gettin ' in no trouble , punk . I bet you I get a bruise on my arm , guarantee . and I be press charge on you ass . punk . ' Cause I hate you and I be gonna git you for that . another cop arrive in a squad car . second cop what 's the trouble here , young man ? lulu I be not a he . I be a she . I be press charge ... second cop will you please calm down ? lulu I be press charge on he . I want you to know that right now . second cop alright , you do that . lulu be you a sergeant ? second cop I be ask you to please calm down . lulu I be calm . second cop now will you please leave because we have quite a crowd here ? lulu ( walk off , scream at the first cop ) you 're a punk ! punk ! shadow get a dragon tattooe on he forearm . shadow ( voice over ) give blood , there 's pain . falling in love , there 's pain . all you feel be the first initial needle . the rest be linger pain from when the needle pull out . patti give munchkin a permanent . patti honey , come and help I figure this out . now hold this . right here . bring you head back up here . munchkin the shit burn my eye , I be tell you . patti not suppose to have you eye open . munchkin yeow , you poke I in the eye now . patti stop be a jerk . munchkin thanks . you just wipe it right across my fuckin ' eye . God , man . patti why doncha do you own fuckin ' permanent . Jerry esterly , patti 's probation officer , pay a can on patti and munchkin at they board house . Jerry ( voice over ) I probably have about a hundred kid on my case load . ' course patti be patti . she 's a individualist . she will go along with you if you be doin ' what she want , but she be not gonna do a damn thing she do not want to do . Jerry I knock on the door and I be just worried about you . patti ( in a towel and shower cap ) I do not care how worried you be gettin ' about I . all I gotta say be that you do not get no right walkin ' in my house . Jerry but this morning , we have get job therapy ... patti we know that , Jerry . but you gotta understand that you can not just be walk into my house . you might get shot as far as you know . Jerry well , I take the chance on ya would not shoot I . and then I bang on the door . patti well , the next time you be gettin ' shot , ok ? Jerry ok ... so the rent 's due today , right ? patti no ... Jerry and if you be gonna stay here ... munchkin not from what Bob say . I tell Bob I would give he $ 20 and the rest on Friday . Jerry this be the deal . if you be gonna stay here , you gotta go out to job therapy . patti you can not tell I what to do . Jerry patti , we have be together ... patti you and I be not be together . Jerry we have . we have be work together , patti . and I be concerned about you . I do not want you guy to have to hit the brick again . I do not want you to have to get back into some crap that you should not be involved in to pay you rent . you have get a chance to make it a good way , ok ? now this guy have get some idea that can help you get a job . that 's a better life for you than have to be hustling on the street or be down there push ... patti who say we be hustling down on the street , huh jerry ? Jerry oh , come on . how else you gonna make you money ? on Pike Street , kid be hang out . Girls be look for date , include patti . Rat ( voice over ) most of the kid on the street , that 's how they survive . they feel like if they do not do the date , that they be gonna be break , they be gonna have to dumpster dive , they be gonna have to beg for money . and that 's gonna make they feel , ' cause they be girl , like ' oh , I be no good . I be dirty , I be rotten , I be a scum , I be live in this rat-hole , no water , no electricity , no nothing , I be beggin ' for money . ' I guess they feel that 's worse than pullin ' date . I do not know what they problem be . tiny and shellie talk in a parking lot near Pike Street . shellie munchkin 's the one that want we out there 'hoing and shit , and I do not want to do it . the only reason I be out there be , like I say , patti 's out there and she have to have somebody with she . and when I move in with they , I say , ' patti , I do not wanna be 'hoing or anything . ' she say , ' you will not be . munchkin 's not gonna pimp you or nothin ' tiny do you turn date now ? shellie Hell , yeah . I and patti do . I try to tell patti I do not want to and she will start bitchin ' at I say that I just miss a hundred dollar date . every time I fuck up she say it be a hundred dollar date . tiny when you do make money , do you give it to munchkin ? shellie I give it to patti and patti give it to munchkin . tiny and you have not get nothin ' out of it , huh ? shellie I and patti be both mad right now , because he 's send both of we out there to get he a suit ! all he want be a whole bunch of clothes and shit . get this , patti have not pull any date today and I do two . forty buck each . well , I tell she I can not handle this . I be gonna take off and shit . last night she say ' you be not goin ' nowhere . ' and I say , ' yes I be . ' this morning she be even talk all this shit about how she be gonna sock I if I even try to go up there and stuff . I mean I be just trippin ' out . how the hell can this people think they own I . nobody do . tiny you can end up with the wrong people down here . shellie you wanna know who set I up with the wrong people ? tiny who ? shellie a person by the name of shadow . shellie and shadow talk in a parking lot . shadow you change too . when I first run into you , you be real sweet ... shellie I still be . shadow oh , yeah . when you end up at George 's you be a real pain in the ass . now you be even worse . shellie I be a real pain in the ass , because you fuckin ' bullshit I . you do not bull - shit I ! shadow but I keep wantin ' to . I do not know why . probably because I like you . shellie ( laugh , embarrassed ) Drop that cigarette ! shadow it 's not do ... now it 's do . a bum serenade Rat and tiny on the pier . bum ( fortissimo ) America , America . God shed his life on ya will . Rat ( voice over ) I like alot of the girl on the street . tiny , I like she especially . she 's a sweet girl . Rat wanna go swimmin' ? tiny ya think I be crazy or something ' ? right , let 's just jump in . Rat alright ... how about a back flip ? Rat do a back flip into the water . he swim back toward tiny . tiny ( voice over ) the reason why I think Rat be cute , and the reason why I love he so much , be because he 's get pretty eye . I think they be brown or blue , one or the other . Rat and tiny go to the abandon hotel . tiny run down the corridor and into Rat 's room . Rat skate after she . Rat I gotta go back to school someday . ' Cause I need a diploma , so I can get into the Air Force . but right now it 's the open Road , USA for I . tiny check you out ! Rat ( voice over ) I do not talk to she much about be a prostitute . she have not do it that often from what she tell I . Rat now where 's my kiss , honey - bunch ? tiny not with brace . dewayne , in juvenile detention , get a visit from Jerry esterly . dewayne I be the smallest guy in the unit . Jerry yeah , for a while I think you might be in the other unit . dewayne junior boy ? naw , because of my age . so when will I be release ? Jerry ok , here 's the deal . I get a phone call from Kim yesterday , and I be not in . then I phone Kim this morning ' cause I need to talk to she before you get out of here . so all I can do be just keep try . and as soon as I get a hold of she , I have give permission for she to come down and get you . Kim , with that new baby , she do not need this problem . you be in a really touchy situation anyway . you be live with a 18 - year old who use to be real active on the street herself . dewayne Kim 's twenty . Jerry be she twenty now ? ok , legally , she 's not a foster parent . I think it 's really good , you guy be work out like a family . and I think it 's a good arrangement for you . but I do not want you get bust and mess that up . ok ? dewayne alright . Jerry right now you be charge with sell pot . so as far as you stay away from downtown , I do not care if you stay away from downtown or not . you have get a lot of friend down there . I think that you have to use you own judgment on that . ok ? you know the thing you would better not be do downtown . I mean , the police , everybody know you down there . if you be deal dope , they be gonna bust you again . and if you get bust again , then you be not go to get out of here until after you hearing . Rat and tiny sit on Rat 's bed in the abandon hotel . Rat ( voice over ) she will start talk about ' oh , I wanna have a kid ' and all this shit . she just want to get too serious at too young of a age . she 's only fourteen year old and she make it sound like she 's ready to get marry . tiny well , then do not leave . Rat I get to . tiny no you do not . Rat yeah , I gotta get Mike out of juvenile Hall . tiny why ? Rat because . I can not have my best friend lock up . I gotta go break he out . tiny ( laugh . ) check you out . Rat I be serious . I be gonna go break he out . then we be gonna go to Florida . tiny and what if you get catch ? Rat well , I will still be with he . ( laugh . ) they will throw I in jail right along with he . tiny then take I with you . Rat woman be a pain in the ass on the road . tiny 's mother go to a alcoholic treatment center . tiny ( voice over ) we get into a fight . she be drunk that night . she be slappin ' on I and I be slappin ' back on she , because she hit I and I hit she back . the next day she feel really bad . Pat ( voice over ) finally one day I wake up and say ' I be a alcoholic . ' I would better do something about it . tiny good-bye , mama . Pat good-bye , honey . I love you . I will be back . on Pike Street at night , lulu find a girl cry . lulu what 's you name ? do somebody hurt you ? what do they do to you ? really , I will not hurt you . ( to the arrive paramedic . ) look like she jaw be break . paramedic her jaw be break ? lulu she 's be bangin ' she head against the wall . paramedic ( to the girl ) look up for a second . we want to look at you eye . lulu her eye be roll . paramedic do anybody see what happen ? what have she be take ? lulu I do not know . paramedic open you eye . lulu her tongue be stickin ' out . paramedic come on now . open you eye . we be here to help you . lulu I ask she if she want I to call a doctor and she say ' yeah . ' I think somebody assault she to tell you the truth . paramedic do anybody know she here ? lulu no . Rat visit tiny in juvenile detention . matron you have a half a hour for visit . ( she leave . ) tiny a half hour . Rat you be stupid ! tiny I be not . it be not my fault . Rat well , if you would not have be in that next room hangin ' you fuckin ' head out the window yell , ' hey guy , I be over here . look . ' tiny I do not say that ! Rat can not ever keep you fuck head in , can you ? like Brian say , you can take the 'ho off the street , but not the street off the 'ho . oh , well . I guess it do not matter to I . I do not get arrest . tiny you be lucky . you be really lucky . Rat you just gotta stay one step ahead . tiny you leave I there ! Rat that 's right . I sure do . you do not say , ' hey Rat , where be you go ? hey Rat , take I with you . ' tiny I woulda never get catch . I would not be in here ' till Monday . Rat I will be go by Monday . tiny I do not want you to leave . why can not you wait ' till next Sunday . Rat ' Cause , I get place to go and thing to do . tiny wait ' till next Sunday . come on . this be the last time you get to see I . Rat well , well ... you miss a good fight . lulu kick this one whore 's ass . she say , ' you bitch ' and she fuckin ' smashed she right in the face . she do not smack she , she punch she . the broad fall down and jump up and take off run all the way up to Pike Street and then run ... tiny who be this girl ? Rat she 's sort of tall . she 's real skinny , like you . and she 's get real dark , short hair , black hair . I would show she to you but you be not get out ' till Monday , and I be leave Sunday . tiny why ? why do you have to leave a day before I get out ? Rat why ? because Monday , Mike get out . I be go to break he out Monday . thump , take they cuff key . open the door , take Mike 's cuff off and off to Alaska we go . it 's that simple . maybe we will stop through here and pick you up . doubt it , but maybe . oh , well , so long ... tiny ... hey tiny . what 's the matter ? tiny nothing . Rat if nothing 's the matter , then why be you cry ? tiny you should have figure it out by now . Rat well , I gotta go . tiny go , then . Rat do not I at least get a hug good - bye ? they hug for a long moment and Rat leave . tiny sit down on the bed and sob . Rat go down to the pier and watch a ferry come in . a freight train move off , leave Seattle . Rat hop on and disappear between the car . a empty funeral parlor with a close casket . Jerry ( voice over ) I find out in the morning that there would be a suicide . I do not know who it be and I do not think of dewayne , even though I know he be in that institution . dewayne hang himself . the one thing that dewayne want be a family . and he want to grow up as what he see as just a regular kid . I think he sort of have that dream of a mother and a father and a house in the country , maybe a horse or a bicycle to ride on . he just want what every kid have a right to have , I think . at the funeral home , dewayne 's father , handcuff to a prison guard , come in and sit down . Three more people follow . Jerry ( voice over ) at the funeral home , there be he father . there be prison guard because of he dad 's status . Three other people , all three who work with dewayne in one way or another as part of the Social service agency . and that be it . so it be pretty much as he life have be . a pretty lonely , pretty skimpy affair . Minister Lord , in we life , we be often confuse and we often ask ' why ? ' but it be time like this when we ' why ' become we strongest cry . flashback of dewayne on Pike Street . dewayne ( voice over ) get a girl friend , have a house or a car or somethin' . have a little money in the bank , get a job . that 's what I expect out of life . not much . Lee sit handcuff to a guard beside the coffin . Lee " I love you . and I be sorry . but I will see you . " a small boat move slowly across puget sound in the morning mist . Jerry ( voice over ) it 's my understanding that dewayne will be cremate and he ash spread on puget sound . dewayne be a street kid . dewayne drift all he life . and it seem better for I than just put he in the ground in a box where 's he 's get to be there . he 's free . he 's never be that way before . take Care of all of my Children copyright '' 1984 jalma Music word and music by Tom wait take care of all of my child do not let they wander and roam . take care of all of my child for I do not know when I be come back home . you can put all of my possession here in Jesus ' name and nail a sign on the door . Bright and early Sunday morning with my walk cane , I be go up to see my Lord . keep they together at the sundown safe from the devil 's hand . you get to make they a pillow on the hard ground . I will be go up to beulah land . you can put all of my possession here in Jesus ' name and nail a sign on the door . Bright and early Sunday morning with my walk cane , I be go up to see my Lord . remember you never trust the devil , stay clear of lucifer 's hand . do not let they wander in the meadow , or you will wind up in the fry pan . you can put all of my possession here in Jesus ' name and nail a sign on the door , Bright and early Sunday morning with my walk cane , I be go up to see my Lord .