submarine by Richard ayoade ( base on the novel , by Joe dunthorne ) date 9th October 2009 & red amendment 23rd november develop with film4 London Office 11 Francis Street , London , sw1p 1de tel . + 44 207 306 5155 / info@protagonistpictures.com www.protagonistpictures.com caption : prologue 1c int . oliver' bedroom — day 1 oliver lie in bed . he get up , look in the mirror , take down a dictionary from he shelf , look up a word , tick it off , put on a record and open the curtain . oliver ( v.o . ) most people think of themselves as individual . that there be no - one on the planet like they . this think motivate they to get out of bed and eat and walk around like nothing 's wrong . my name be Oliver tate . we cut outside and slowly zoom back to show the town in a which he life . a caption : a Winter in Wale , a little while ago '. note we also do this in static , non- zoom shot . ext . various - day 1b still shot throughout the town in which oliver tate life . titles . we end on a shot of a school . int . school CLASS —- morning 2 we track down a school corridor , end up at a classroom . mr davey , a english teacher , address the class ( 14/15 ) . the camera follow a note pass between the pupil , ABBY smut ; chip ( cocky , smirk ) ; MARK pritchard and finally to jordana bevan ( bored , casually flame the underside of she desk with a lighter ) ; oliver tate watch she . mr davey what kind of young person be I ? that 's the challenge . we talk about challenge , do not we ? well that 's the challenge I be give you this term . a gauntlet , so to speak . but this gauntlet be also a opportunity . a invitation , if you will , to self - discovery . what do I mean by self - discovery . Mark pritchard . .? MARK pritchard have a wank ? mr.davey click he finger and send he out . omitted submarine 23rd november 2009 red 1a . mr . davey self-discovery . who be I ? what a question - let 's look at that ...etc oliver ( v.o. ) I find that the only way to get through life be to picture myself in a entirely disconnect reality - I often imagine how people would react to my death : submarine 23rd november 2009 red 2 . 3a int . school corridor / quad 3a track in to tanoy . oliver ( v.o. ) Mr. dunthorne 's quavering voice as he make the announcement - mr dunthorne ( 0.s. ) he be a gift pupil , love by all . it 's not only a loss to the school , it 's a loss to the welsh nation . 4 int / ext . school various 4 we see what oliver describe . oliver ( v.o. ) - the shocked face of my classmate - E -- the gym . some girl stop a netball game . E F -- football field . boy stand around in game kit , but withf black amrm band . -- classroom - we track into the face of some kide . G -- swimming pool , empty . a young child in swimming costume G be comforted by he pe teacher , a attractive woman . a a playground bedeck with a flower - -- flowers / tribute / picture by the school gate ; playground ; quad , by a bench . B the empty stillness of a school B corridor - a young child try to make sense of it all D shot of a small child be comfort by a teacher . D cc a reporter talk to a news camera in the playground . cc floral tribute behind she . we would need a prop camera and a cameraman . oliver ( v.o. ) local news analysis - we see early school picture of oliver , full screen , smile and full of life .. we see a newspaper with the caption ' oliver tate dead 's 5a 5 B submarine 23rd november 2009 red 2a . news reporter so I suppose the question be , what now ? oliver ( v.o. ) tear - streak tribute - News footage of school child cry - video 8 plate shot of tv to comp in footage . int . PRESS conference 5 a oliver ( v.o. ) the study stoicism of my parent . we have a shot of lloyd and jill at a table with a plain background . camera bulb flash off - they be make a statement for camera . we show this on a tv . note - be it possible to have some insert of flash bulb / reporter cameras . ext . school / gate night 5 B oliver ( v.o. ) candle - light vigil submarine 23rd november 2009 red 3 . note : we see a beautiful woman , crying and carrying a picture of oliver . shot of cuddly toy / photo , a drawing of oliver with the inscription , in italic : ' oliver tate r.i.p. we envy the angel 's oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - and , finally , my glorious resurrection ext . school - day 6 six or so girl , include Abby and jordana be drape over one another by a tree , cry . blink through the tear , they see something . it 's oliver . he 's slightly glow , like obi-wan in STAR war . he have a serene look to he . the girl look perplex . oliver do not ask how . just know that I be now more powerful than ever . the girl look back , in awe . oliver ( cont 'd ) let 's get off . we CUT back to the classroom . a oliver allow himself a small smile . he be stare at the back of jordana 's neck . she look round . oliver awkwardly look away . mr. davey be wrapping thing up . MARK pritchard pass oliver a note . he indicate that it 's from jordana . oliver open it . it say , ' if you have open this note , you be a cock-ride twat 's . he try to pass it to zoe ( 15 , overweight / studious ) . she refuse it . mr davey play the game , get stick in , and let 's make this term one to remember . ok . let 's get down to business . page 23 in you blue book . Oliver tate you can come up and read out that note as it seem so interesting . oliver walk up . the class woof . mr . davey what do it say ? the bell go . the class break up . mr davey do some crowd control . mr . davey ( cont 'd ) alright etc you have be save this time etc . 7x 7txx submarine 23rd november 2009 red 3a . Oliver look at jordana slope out . MARK pritchard put he arm around ABBY . CUT to : int . school corridor - morning 7 establisher of child in the corridor . oliver be look at jordana . slow motion ( in oliver be head ) she turn back and look at oliver , lovingly . we move into oliver . int . school corridor - morning 7x oliver walk out of class , the corridor be nearly empty . ext . school ground . 7txx oliver spying on jordana . by the tree or bike shed . jordana be sit by herself burn thing or smoking . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 4 . 7a int . school refectories - lunch 7a oliver' queuing for lunch . chip and keiron enter the frame . we establish gene the dinner lady here . chip you know jordana bevan 's back on the market ? boy 1 you push . chip you push ! the word on the playground be - prichard finger Abby smut at the Blue Light disco . bevan find they in the toilet with pritchard up to he knuckle . we see ABBY with pritchard across the refectory . oliver so ? chip think you would be interested . so you will not mind if I have a go ? oliver no - it 's fine . we be just friend ...etc oliver shrug . jordana come over oliver ( cont 'd ) hey , jordana . jordana do you want a picture ? chip smooth , ol. oliver be not try to be - so you have not get I . 8 ext . school - lunch 8 oliver have find himself a secluded place . he watch chip and keiron , start to tease zoe , a overweight girl ( 15 ) . but , mainly , he see how jordana be laugh and delight in the teasing . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 4a . oliver ( v.o . ) lately , I have become interested in the theory of cognitive dissonance . we see a appropriate encyclopedia entry . a oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this hold that contradictory - we track into a tv - on it be a professor on a o.u. - type B tv show , he have a accent of some kind . perhaps german 10 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 5 . professor - contradictory thought or belief serve as a drive force that compel the human mind to acquire or invent new thought or belief so as to minimise the amount of dissonance between such cognition or thought . we CUT to a chart draw by oliver . stick men . cc oliver ( v.o. ) it 's all about balance . while I essentially disapprove of bully , I be also cognisant of the value of appear to fit in . and , further , my need to socially advance myself in school - we see this on a new chart . a stick figure of oliver cc separate from a group by a hurdle title ' willingness to bully 's . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - conflict with be able to show basic humanity to other . so I must invent a new think . perhaps Zoe 's so fat that she do not have real feeling ? this logic be back up by further line drawing . we CUT c to : chip run off with zoe 's bag . we see oliver decide to follow . ext . wood near school - late afternoon 9 oliver be run with zoe 's bag . he lob it over to jordana , who throw it to chip . chip do some good verbal taunt and duck and dive . note : we also do a version where we start with chip . zoe follow , lamely protest . zoe stop it . please ! oliver ( v.o. ) chip be a outstanding bully . he once make we religious education teacher cry use only blu tack . int . classroom - day 10 the RELIGIOUS education teacher , miss dutton , walk in . she have a distinctive mole on she chin . she look up at the class . everyone have blu tac mole on they chin . she start to cry and run out of the room . 11 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 6 . chip what do I tell you ? I fuck tell you . ext . wood - continuous 11 zoe gather she belonging up and clutches they to she chest . chip that 's it , fat , almost there . they reach a small stagnant pond . they form a circle round and chuck the bag between they over the pond . zoe give it back [ .-.] she manage to grab the bag from oliver , there 's a scuffle , a shove , and she start to fall . the image freeze as zoe teeter on one leg , she hand outstretch towards the pencil case . we see close , freeze shot of everyone . oliver ( v.o. ) I do not know which one of we put a hand to Zoe 's back . for a moment I imagine that she might just balance there , a fat ballerina on one leg , but she foot slip from under she and she belly - flop into the shallow gloop . the image unfreeze and we see Zoe push into the shallow gloop . her ruler , pen and pencil float on the thick alga . she writhes around and we close in on oliver' face . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we all feel proud ; as Zoe begin to sob , shirt splatter green , stationery slowly sink , we know that this would be one of that vivid memory from youth that Mr davey tell we about in this morning 's lesson . the kid run away . oliver stay there freeze . he look between the flee bully and the victim , eye wide , he face scrolling through various emotion . 12 13 14 15 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 7 . ext . school pond - later 12 oliver help zoe out of the pond . she shove he away with she muddy hand . ext . wood - moment later 13 oliver and zoe walk along , far apart from one another . oliver be now also cover in mud . they have clearly fight . oliver I be try to stop you fall . zoe leave I alone please . then go fuck yourself . omitted 14 int . / ext . various over music : oliver walking home , lonely 15 oliver ( v.o . ) in many way I prefer my own company . it give I time to think . we see oliver sit in a unusual place , perhaps a tree , a read . also - in a bath tub by the industrial estate . walk BA along , bounce a tennis ball . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I suppose it 's a bit of a affectation , but I often read the dictionary . my word for today be flaigitious , which mean ' wickedly shameful ’.. we see a insert . B other time I will go to the beach and stare at the sea as though I be in a documentary about a prominent thinker who 's struggle with unspeakable loss . oliver stand on the wall by barry beach , looking out . cc he walk to the beach . he look up at the sky . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 7a . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but recently I have be get the feel that I be not quite here , as though there 's another Oliver tate inside I , operate the lever of a life-size Oliver - shape shell . I have just turn fifteen but I have the fearful face of a forty year old . 16 16a 17 17b submarine 23rd november 2009 red 8. he look back to the sea and watch the wave hit he outstretch foot . he do not move , and allow the water to lap around he . ext . STREET outside oliver 's house - evening 16 oliver see graham 's van . CUT to : ext . oliver' house - evening 16 a oliver , sodden feet , cover in mud , approach he front door , take a deep breath and walk in . jill ( 0.s. ) Oliver ? what happen to you ? we be wait for you . CUT to : int . oliver' house - evening 17 oliver be in the kitchen as he mother , jill ( 40 ) , try to get the mud off he school uniform with a stiff brush . oliver ( v.o . ) my mother be worried that I have mental problem . I find a book about teenage paranoid delusion during a routine search of my parent 's bedroom . we see a cutaway of oliver make this discovery . a oliver ( cont 'd ) after that I start slip certain choice phrase into we conversation . int . oliver' bedroom - evening 17b we jump cut through oliver' different response . oliver tuck in , he mother perch on the end of the bed oliver my body have be replace by a shell / my internal organ be make of stone / I have be dead for year . 18 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 9 . int . oliver' house - evening 18 a dinner party be in progress . oliver 's parent , lloyd and jill along with jill 's work colleague , jackie and she husband malcolm . jill and lloyd clear the table malcolm it 's perfectly normal to have a active imagination at Oliver 's age . lloyd thank you , malcolm . jackie ( to lloyd ) that trout be glorious by the way . jill but where 's he get it from ? not from Lloyd . he do not have a imaginative bone in he body . lloyd Marine biology be pretty creative actually - jill you research and categorise fish , Lloyd - lloyd that 's one part of it - you know I be on open University once - oliver shall I show they the tape , dad ? jill stay at the table , please ol . I say to Lloyd should we send he to a psychiatrist ? but he say we could not afford it . lloyd I say it might not be worth the money at this point . jill cos Lloyd can get a little bit like that . shut off . you know , like he 's not there lloyd the invisible man ! submarine 23rd november 2009 red 10 . jill if only ! good humoure dinner party laughter . 19 int . office - day 19 jill be in a boring meeting . oliver ( v.o . ) my mum 's lucky because she mental health problem can be mistaken for charm and sociability . perhaps she job 's to blame . she work for the council 's legal service department . one of the rule in she office be that , if it be you birthday , you be hold responsible for bring you own cake to work . we see a brief insert of jill guiltily produce a cake at work . 20 ext . sea - lloyd in a row boat / int . museum 20 oliver ( v.o . ) my dad divide he time between the museum and isolate lake , find fish that only he and maybe four other professor in the world would even know about . adult be full of secret . 21 int . oliver 's house . he parent 's bedroom - day 21 we cut to a shot of lloyd ( 40 ) lie in bed . he wear a tatty , old dressing gown and be sip from a mug . oliver ( v.o . ) for some time I wonder why dad would stay in bed for day at a time drink endless amount of hot lemon , use the same mug over and over and never wash it . but then , one day , I solve that mystery . a we cut to the bathroom . oliver see a bottle of anti - a depressant . we see it 's make out to lloyd tate . he pour out some tablet into he hand . they be bright blue . aa he look up the name of the drug in the medical dictionary aa and we see a definition . 22 23 23a submarine 23rd november 2009 red 11 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I keep the empty bottle in a box of my old toy . we see a insert of this . B oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have also learn that my parent have not have sex for seven month . we CUT to oliver check the dimmer switch in he parent C bedroom . he walk back to he bedroom - he exchange a quizzical look with jill . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have be monitoring they intimacy via the dimmer switch in they bedroom . I know when they have be at it because the next morning the dial will be set to half way . he write he finding in he book . we see a graph with D ' dimmer switch position 's on one axis and ' likelihood of parent 's divorce 's on another . oliver ( cont 'd ) I have see they dry , purse kiss grow ever more bloodless . we see a series of unaffectionate kiss between they . E int . oliver' bedroom - night 22 peer through the crack of he door , oliver see lloyd walk down the stair with some bedding . int . oliver' bedroom - night 23 oliver watch tv on a small , portable set . a father and son be talk on a rooftop . oliver ( v.o. ) it 's no wonder I have retreat into fantasy : I wish life could be more like american soap opera . tv kid 23a you can tell I anything , you know that , dad . 24 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 12 . tv dad thanks son . you be my best buddy . it 's be so tough since you mother die ... tv kid that be not you fault . tv dad I should never have take the yacht out in that storm .. sometimes I hate the sea so much . tv kid you be go to make this restaurant work . I swear you will . you be a great chef . and a great dad . tv dad you be such a great son . I can not believe you be twelve already . my little baby 's a man . I love you so much . suddenly , tv kid two appear . tv kid two dad ! it 's billy . he 's bleed ! he 's bleed everywhere ! fade to black . oliver ( v.o . ) then , whenever thing get dramatic , you could just fade the picture down and pick thing up again later . we CUT to : int . oliver' bedroom - night 24 oliver look out the window . he see a house opposite that have no curtain . it be a sparsely furnish . the wall be white and the furniture be either cream or cover in dust cover . Oliver can see a man perform various ninja - looking move . this be graham ( 30 /40s ) . ( possibly in the garden ) kim - lin , a attractive japanese girl walk up behind he . she put she hand on graham 's chest . they start to kiss passionately and fall to the floor , as if about to have sex . they disappear from Oliver 's view . Oliver 's shocked , half - repell , half -intrigue . 25 26 27 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 13 . int . oliver' house - night 25 we see lloyd fold out the sofa bed . lloyd lie down on it and stare up at the ceiling . int . oliver' house . he parent 's bedroom - night 26 jill be empty out a box onto the bed . she look through various photo of herself and lloyd . we see a picture of she when she be young , with long hair , somewhere vaguely idyllic and sunny . there be also a line draw of she , sign ' Love , g.’ she then notice oliver watch she , walk to the door and close it . jill goodnight , Oliver we fade down like a soap opera . caption : part one cc CUT to : int . hall . oliver' house - day 27 oliver be stand next to lloyd , he father . oliver look at the sofa in the live room . on it sit a pillow and a neatly fold duvet . lloyd turn towards the door . lloyd tell you mother to hurry up . in 1l wait in the road . oliver walk up the stair and into he parent room . he a hit the dimmer switch on the wall . the ceiling light come on harshly . oliver you look nice . jill I be not ready . oliver you look good for a mum . jill yes . well I be young than most mum . 28 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 14 . oliver dad say to hurry up . CUT to : ext / int . oliver 's house - morning oliver run downstairs oliver mum 's get the bus ! he open the front door and see lloyd talk to the next door neighbour , graham . graham be next to he young , 28 beautiful japanese girlfriend kim -lin . lloyd be visibly tense and keep try to half - get into he car . oliver watch surreptitiously . we focus on oliver 's reaction to the follow scene . lloyd well - terrific . such a small world . graham yes - well it 's such a great area . kim - lin I love it graham she just love it . lloyd highest cancer rate in Europe ! graham well , that 's what take my uncle . lloyd I be so sorry . it 's a lovely house . graham thank you . my uncle be gay , so I get to inherit it all . and this be Jill 's grandmother 's house , right ... lloyd yes. submarine 23rd november 2009 red 15 . graham Jill and I would spend hour up in that room . listen to record , hatching plan . lloyd right . so be you go to sell up or ... graham I be gonna let thing take they own path . lloyd that 's great . to have the time to do that . graham I work to live , not live to work . so - I be say to Jill we should all meet up - lloyd yes. absolutely . that have be lovely . we will consult and be in touch . can not wait . when do you see Jill ? graham just in town . I think compatible energy be destine to keep interconnect . kim - lin I agree . lloyd great . I be sure you be right .. Graham give Lloyd a long man hug . graham give my love to Jill . lloyd will do . great to see you . great we be so close , now ! in proximity . graham and kim - lin wander back down the road to a psychedelic van . graham trot back to lloyd . graham hey - Lloyd . sorry - do you hear I and Kim lin have sex outside on the grass last night ? submarine 23rd november 2009 red 15a . lloyd no . graham well , if you do just let I know . she 's a lovely girl , but she 's a bit of a howler . he walk back to the van which have have a big picture of graham on the side say ' the graham T. purvis system : psychic and physical excellence 's amongst a starburst of astrological sign . lloyd , look lonely , wave after they as they drive off . oliver approach . oliver mum 's get the bus . 29 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 16 . lloyd right . i’1l give you a lift to school then . oliver can I do the gear ? lloyd okay . oliver what do they want ? lloyd dinner . not on my watch though . oliver why be you be so friendly , then ? lloyd you can not let people like that know what you be think . oliver what kind of people be they ? lloyd turn to oliver with purpose lloyd mystics . oliver nod understandingly . int . car - morning 29 lloyd drive . lloyd how 's school etc any girl - there 's plenty of time for that nonsense etc look : that 's the thing we see yesterday etc lloyd ( cont 'd ) third , please . and then into fifth . save a bit of petrol . she 's be thirsty recently . oliver put the car into third gear and then into fourth there 's a pause . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 16a . lloyd ( cont 'd ) you can say what you like about Wale but you can not beat it for scenery . we see oliver take in a beautiful vista . he look at in the side mirror , reflect in the car . oliver I be not sure I believe in scenery . Lloyd nod . the car stop . we see oliver get out . oliver ( cont 'd ) bye , dad . they shake hand . 30 30 a 31 32 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 17 . lloyd I ‘’1l pick you up at five . go get ‘em , killer . Oliver start walk . oliver ( v.o . ) as usual , dad drop I 800 yard from school . we see he approach he school . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that way I can slip in unnotice , like a torpedo . Oliver be charge by chip and kerion . he do a undignify swerve in order to avoid they . CUT to : int . school classroom - morning mr.davey be take the register . we see that zoe be not there . oliver look concerned . CUT to : ext . school playground later - oliver look for zoe , but can not find she . int . car - afternoon oliver travel home , unsettle . jill sit in the back . int . oliver' house . live room - evening the tate be watch television , we can not see the programme . jill I use to have long hair . like she . lloyd hmm ? jill I use to have long hair . remember ? 30 30 a 31 32 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 17a . lloyd yes. jill she 's pretty , be not she / lloyd er ... I do not know jill do you like it when I have long hair ? lloyd er ... jill or short like now ? lloyd I like you hair no matter how long it be . jill but do you prefer it long ? lloyd either way be good 33 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 18 . jill no opinion ? lloyd it 's up to you . jill so it would not bother you if I shave it off ? lloyd not if it make you happy . oliver if you want to shave off you hair , you should mum . definitely . jill why would I shave my hair of Lloyd ? she walk off . jill ( cont 'd ) what a stupid idea . CUT to : int . oliver' bedroom - early morning 33 oliver take out some paper from a drawer . he feed it into a typewriter and start to type . oliver ( v.o . ) Zoe preece have not be in school the past few day so I have write a pamphlet give she a few pointer on how to break out of the victim cycle . we see close insert of the follow snippet : '' weirdly , a you be not that fat . you be fat in the mind '' '' maintain a facade of complete indifference . '' '' transform any facet of you personality to fit in . '' '' you be who you pretend to be . '' '' if you must study , do so in private . '' '' do not cry to the dinner lady . '' some be in italic , some be underline , some be in capital . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have also give she two example to inspire she . we cut to rhydian bird . he be in the playground and have B pull he pants down to fart . he be surround by clap pupil chant ' rhydian ! rhydian ! include oliver , chip and keiron . as many of we feature kid as possible . 's submarine 23rd november 2009 red 19 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) firstly , rhydian Bird . he once pull he trousers down in the playground to fart and follow through , coiling a unhealthy turd onto the tarmac . but , instead of look embarrassed , he scream with laughter and point . nobody can tease he about it because he be so proud . I remember watch he with renew respect . we see oliver' awed reaction . we cut to chip . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) c secondly , chip . he be not even consider that hard until keiron King famously stab he in the back with my compass . we see this . he say nothing , show no discomfort as he shirt blossom with blood poppy . his stoicism remind I of the brave man who die in the first world war . every year on that day I hold a minute 's silence in he honour . oliver gather up several a4 page , sign ' good luck ! best wish for a persecution - free future , Oliver tate 's at the bottom , and put they in a brown manila envelope . he then search in he drawer for something . it 's a ' 50 p off 's voucher for a Burger chain . he pop it in . oliver ( cont 'd ) I be not quite sure that I have find my special skill yet . I have try smoking a pipe ; flipping coin ; listen exclusively to french crooner ; I even have a brief hat phase , but nothing stick . we see brief insert : oliver behind the bike shed with a D pipe ; flipping a coin under a street lamp ; E put on a serge gainsbourg record ; F wear a cowboy hat at dinner with he parent . G oliver ( cont 'd ) maybe my mission in life be to help other . ( more ) 34 35 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 20 . oliver ( cont 'd ) like the samaritan , but a version that specifically target the obese . I need to find out who I be . insert : Oliver 's notebook on he desk . who be i? investigatdl he rip out the paper and pin it to the wall . ext . tate car / school 34 oliver be drive to school . oliver walk into school ext . school . behind the refectories - early morning 35 oliver tentatively pad up to gene , a dinner lady . he have put the collar up on he jacket , as if he 's in a noir film . oliver ( v.o. ) the most secure route to Zoe be Big gene who , over the last few month , have become she only friend and confidant . we see a brief shot of zoe cry next to gene , who 's a comforting she . gene tell I that Zoe be very unhappy here and move school . I persuade she to give Zoe the pamphlet by say it be a love letter . oliver produce the now dog-eare a4 envelope from he rucksack . we CUT to jordana , watch the scene from afar . gene that 's a big love letter . oliver I have get a big heart . taxi driver gesture as he touch he heart , betsy 's desk oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) sometimes I wish there be a film crew follow my every move . I imagine the camera craning up as I walk away . but , unless thing improve , the biopic of my life will only have the budget for a zoom out . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 20a . oliver do a little twirl as he walk away . we Zoom out to over jordana 's shoulder . jordana react . 36 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 21 . int . science lab - morning oliver be dissect a frog . his lab partner be jordana . she be hold a bit of the creature while oliver make incision with a scalpel . oliver I feel bad cut into its head . jordana why ? it 's just a fuck frog . oliver it 's still a thing though . it have life . jordana I wonder where they get the frog ? oliver I do not know . probably a lake or river nearby . they probably have a guy who do it . I could find out . my dad 's in this area . jordana I do not actually want to know . oliver neither do I . I be just say I can find out . you ask . jordana I wonder where fat be . oliver Zoe ? jordana she have not be in school for a while , have she ? oliver have not she ? I have not notice . there 's a awkward pause . jordana I would have think you would . she leave quite a big gap . oliver she 's not really on my radar ... jordana do you think it 's because we push she into the pond ? submarine 23rd november 2009 red 21a . oliver I do not push she . jordana do you think she 's at home just weep herself to death ? oliver I do not push she . jordana maybe you should write to she . maybe you should maybe write she a pamphlet or something . what do you think ? ecu scalpel in frog , pan up to oliver oliver what be this ? what do you want ? jordana meet I under the railway bridge after school and we will take it from there . bring a polaroid camera and a diary . okay ? off oliver' look we CUT to : 37 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 22 . ext . under the bridge - afternoon 37 jordanna ( 0.s . ) oliver walk , carry he bag . note we need a place that 's different to the bridge for another stretch of walk . he be extremely uncertain . jordana be there wait , smoking a cigarette . oliver ( v.o . ) she look good except for a small patch of dry skin between she index and middle finger . most likely cause by she dog . I choose not to mention it . jordana have you get the camera and diary ? oliver get he camera from he bag and show a brand new diary . oliver do you have the pamphlet ? jordana give I the camera . tentatively , oliver approach . he hand she the camera . jordana ( cont 'd ) okay . now , kneel down . oliver do so . jordana lean down into a kissing position . oliver , tentatively , kiss she . he close he eye . we hear a camera flash and the whirr of the motor . startle , Oliver look to the camera . Polaroid spit out onto the floor . oliver look at a patch of eczema on jordana 's neck . oliver ( v.o . ) we kiss until we lip feel swollen . her mouth taste of milk and polo mint . jordana okay - take out the diary . turn to today 's date and write a few paragraph on how excited you be to have get off with I . make sure you say what a dick Mark pritchard be and slag off Abby slut . oliver it 's smut . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 22a . jordana let 's call she slut . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 23 . oliver I sit next to she in geography so I be go to exercise restraint . jordana I do not need you life story . oliver sit down and start to write . jordana look through the photo . jordana ( cont 'd ) wow . you look mentally retarded . we see various image . jordana ( cont 'd ) have you ever kiss anyone before ? oliver ( v.o. ) I have in fact only kiss one person before : Zoe preece . it be after the Cowboys and indian school disco . I tell she if we be go to do it we have to hide behind the refectory . her tongue be blue from blackcurrent squash . it smolder in the cold . we see this as a cut - away scene . they be dress as a cowbdy and indian . oliver ( cont 'd ) okay . I have do it . jordana look at it over oliver 's shoulder . oliver do not know how to respond to she be so near to he . jordana good . oliver can I have the pamphlet now ? jordana no. 38 39 40 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 24 . oliver what be you go to do with the photo and ...? jordana leave it lie around school . for people to accidentally find . oliver oh . jordana what be you complain about ? this be conclusive proof that you might not be gay . CUT to : omitted 38 omitted 39 ext . school playground - next day 40 MARK pritchard have oliver in a headlock . a group of kid stand around , include all we hero kid . they all shout ' gayboy '. jordana lamely protest . MARK pritchard come on gayboy - take back what you say about I . oliver I take it back . MARK and about Abby . oliver I be sorry Abby - I value you as a person . MARK pritchard and admit that you be in fact gay . chip do not admit that . do not admit it . Oliver resist , but pritchard twist he arm . oliver Fine . I be gay . I be very gay . MARK pritchard and jordana be a slut . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 25 . oliver do not say anything . MARK pritchard ( cont ’d ) jordana be a slut . oliver no . chip just say it . other kid try to make pritchard desist . pritchard lets he up a bit . MARK pritchard it 's you choice . say it , or get put down . jordana do not be a dick , Mark . just let he go . MARK pritchard Fine . I ’1l1 let he go . he do so . if he admit that you be a dirty slag . oliver why do not you fuck yourself ? MARK pritchard interesting . MARK give he a short but sharp punch to the face . oliver black out . we fade back up . everyone 's go except jordana . oliver how long have I be out ? jordana I do not know . a minute ? jordana crouch down next to oliver , who 's pinching he bloody nose . he show jordana some blood on he hand . he get up and lean against the wall . oliver I be seriously overbalance . it be just luck . ( more ) submarine 23rd november 2009 red 25a . oliver ( cont 'd ) I be go to get he so bad for that . I be go to bring he some serious pain . blood . jordana be you go to get up ? 40b ext . playing field - continuous 40b they walk for a bit . Oliver hold he nose with one hand and put out he other . she take it . oliver you have get scaly hand . jordana it 's eczema . oliver when I stop bleed , I might try to kiss you . jordana ok . 40 C submarine 23rd november 2009 red 26 . ext . a STREET / wasteland - night 40c oliver and jordana be walk back . jordana , gently , shoulder barge Oliver . possibly ext . jordana 's street . they kiss . ext . jordanna 's house - night D jordana bye . see you in school . oliver I 'il make sure you be safely in . jordana open she door . her dog bound out towards the road . Oliver chase after it . oliver ( cont 'd ) so , be you my girlfriend now ? jordana shut up . oliver so that 's a yes jordana no it 's not . Oliver pick up the dog and walk away . oliver okay . jordana what the fuck be you do with my dog ? oliver I be do - I be keep it . unless you say yes . so , yes . jordana give it back . he will probably piss on you . oliver no he will not . jordana just put he down . oliver neither of we be willing to concede at this stage jordana walk over to he , slowly and stand very close . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 26a . jordana give I back my fuck dog . oliver okay . she walk back to the door , but before she close it jordana I nil think about it . 41 42 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 27 . oliver walk off , at first coolly , but then start to run and run with great giddiness and joy . int . oliver' house - night . 41 oliver open the door and quickly rush up into he room . jill ( 0.s. ) Oliver ? int . oliver' bedroom —- continuous 42 oliver run in . he close the door behind he . he listen out for the sound of jill run up the stair . jill I be come in . she do so . it 's dark . she switch on the light . oliver cover he face . jill approach oliver and pull he hand away . jill ( cont 'd ) okay . let 's talk about this . be you be victimise again ? oliver no . what do you mean victimise ? I be not victimise . jill yes you be . throughout primary school . and in cub . oliver I do not remember . jill I do . there be a lot of cry . be this drug related ? oliver how be this drug related ? jill you tell I . oliver it 's not . jill you pupil be huge submarine 23rd november 2009 red 28 . oliver it 's dark . jill be it self -harm ? oliver why would I punch myself in the eye ? jill I do not know . oliver this be stupid jill I be not go to leave until you tell I what happen . oliver I get into a fight . defend the honour of my girlfriend . jill sink into oliver , give he a long hug . jill ok fine . you be not be serious . oliver what ? jill I will be downstairs . oliver I have a girlfriend . jill stop lie . CUT to : 43 omitted 43 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 29 . 44 int . oliver' house . lloyd 's study - night 44 jill walk in . lloyd so ? jill so - Oliver tell I something . 45 int . oliver' bedroom - night 45 oliver be write in he diary . a careful knock -knock at the door . lloyd enter with a cup of tea . he pass one to oliver . lloyd knock knock . May I come in ? oliver mi casa tu casa . lloyd very good . a inversion . ( beat ) hope you do not mind , but you mother inform I that you have a girlfriend . he extend a hand . oliver shake it . they nod at one another . lloyd ( cont 'd ) anything I can help with ? oliver not sure yet . i’1l let you know . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 30 . lloyd I know you think I be boring but I once tore my vest off in front of a woman . it be very effective . oliver I know . lloyd it produce a very atavistic response . just something to bear in mind . oliver right . a pause . lloyd I make you a cassette recording . lloyd hand oliver a casette . he look at the inlay card , which have be neatly type . the song be divide under heading like ' infatuation 's , ' seduction 's , ' relief 's etc lloyd ( cont 'd ) it 's a compilation of song I listen to when I have some of my early , formative relationship . plus a couple I think you might dig . I think music can sometimes make thing feel more real . oliver thanks . lloyd and there be some break - up song towards the end , should thing not work out . insert shot . oliver turn the inlay card over and we see heading like ' anger 's , ' disbelief 's , ' acceptance 's etc . lloyd ( cont 'd ) which obviously be not the aim - though it be likely . because passion rarely last . lloyd nod for some time . lloyd ( cont 'd ) goodnight . oliver goodnight , dad . lloyd extend he hand for oliver to shake . 46 46a submarine 23rd november 2009 red 31 . lloyd you do not need to hide thing from we . unless you feel you need to . and well do . it 's a achievement . lloyd get up and leave , switch off the light as he exit . oliver turn on he sidelight and look up the word ' atavistic 's in the dictionary . we see that each page be fill with under-linings , note etc . he put the casette into he stereo and turn it up . he lie down on he bed , listen to the music with a smile on he face . CUT to : omitted 46 ext . port talbot steelworks 46a oliver and jordana freewheel on a bike with a rocket sparkling behind they . jordana 's dog run alongside they . oliver ( v.o. ) jordana and I enjoy a glorious , atavistic fortnight of lovemake , humiliate teacher and bully the weak . chip say that if I show jordana any sign of weakness she 'il dump I and that he might end up with no choice but to have a go on she himself . 47 48 49 pt1 pt2 pt3 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 32 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) with this in mind I suggest write a charter outline the boundary of we relationship . we put in a paper boat and let it float out to the sea . but I also keep a copy for my personal file . omitted 47 omitted 48 ext . barry beach in the rivulet . 49 pt1 they float a toy boat , fill with sparkler , down a stream . top sot of boat . insert : piece of paper . it say : charter - final draft ' 1 . no pet name 2 . no high -class meal 3 . no emotion ( gay ) ext . barry beach pt2 muck about - run around with the dog . one of thing be they lie down together , lighting match with a lighter . note : we can also do this in school . running along the beach with burn stick like this http://www. youtube.com/watch?v=xvnrzejpume lying by a bonfire at the beach . ext . industrial estate pt3 oliver and jordana run around with stick smash up derelict area they place something in a bin - they run away - the bin explode Burning oliver 's leg hair in a de throw french banger firework they throw blue , red and white paint over a old bath . a SMALL fire display ( as per the test ) by the beach . close shot FIRE reflected in jordana 's eye close shot FIRE reflected in oliver' eye shot from behind they looking up at the star . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 32a . jordana rollerskate past bin with the light entertainment fire effect in . 49 B 50 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 33 . we cut to various stock footage of FIRE . a oliver ( v.o. ) jordana love fire . we have a close up of jordana , 50 fps , we overlay the boat and we stock footage over it . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everything about she make I think of fire . we relationship be a gleam rocket blast I into the school 's social stratosphere . firework burn behind she until flame engulf the image . int . classroom 49b jordana and oliver be now sit next to one another . she be flame the underside of she desk . she show oliver . ext . school playground . top of the metal FIRE escape 50 a group of kid be hang out . chip , oliver , keiron and a couple of other . chip how long 's it be ? two week ? it 's fuck ridiculous . oliver I be not bother . we have as good as do it . everything but . chip it should never take more than a week between everything but and stuff it in . she 's take the piss . keiron - back I up . keiron she 's take the piss , mate . chip thank you . turn round - she 's see we . be she still look ? oliver yes . 51 52 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 33A . ext . STREET - afternoon 51 jordana and oliver be mooch along after school . oliver look pensive . ext . barry island industrial estate - afternoon 52 oliver and jordana sit on a bench , overlook the water . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 34 . oliver this be nice , be not it ? jordana look at he . jordana yeah . I guess . oliver I mean , we get on pretty well . jordana yeah . it 's not bad . oliver we be get more and more intimate . jordana ( mock ) intimate ? she have start to blacken the end of a rubber with a clipper lighter . pause . oliver yes . we have do thing . we have be intimate . jordana we have be intimate , yes . my parent normally go out on thursdays . to the cinema . it 's a tradition they have . they go every Thursday evening . so , what I be say be it 's empty - the house ; on Thursday the house be empty . it 's a empty house . so what do you think ? jordana ( cont 'd ) be you ask I to come round and have sex with you ? oliver if I say yes , do that lessen the chance of you want to ? jordana before I answer that , I just want to check one thing . oliver sure . anything . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 34a . jordana it 's quite serious . oliver of course . feel free . jordana will the house be empty ? oliver that 's very funny . jordana write down the reason why I should . 52 B 53 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 35 . we CUT to : Oliver scribbling in he notebook . he show it to jordana . insert , her Pov of the list : a 1 . you be fatally in love with I . 2 . best to do it before it 's legal . 3 . bound to be disappoint , so why wait ? jordana take oliver be pen and put a line through ' you be fatally in love with I 's . jordana ( cont 'd ) okay . let 's go burn something . ext . wasteground - prob by barry where we did the test 52b oliver and jordana watch firework . int . oliver' house - kitchen - early evening 53 oliver wander downstairs . he 's wear a jacket that 's much too big . to he horror , he parent be still there . lloyd be fiddling with the fish tank . lloyd go out ? oliver it 's Thursday . you be go to the cinema , right ? you should go immediately . lloyd be that what you wear to lounge around the house ? jill you father do not want to go out all of a sudden - lloyd Jill - you know I have be look forward to it . I just do not realise we be go to be join by nother 's . be that my jacket ? jill please . they be we neighbour . it 's only right to be welcoming . oliver who . the ninjas ? can I wear it ? submarine 23rd november 2009 red 35a . lloyd it 's Thursday night . it 's we cinema night . not a free for all . jill do not call they ninjas . it 's racist . oliver he 's white . 54 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 36 . lloyd they do not strike I as admirer of Eric rohmer . ( to Jill ) maybe you three go and see some tat at the odeon . i’1l stay in . oliver you should both definitely go . the doorbell sound . everyone freeze . lloyd and oliver hide so that they can not be see from the doorway . jill oh for God 's sake . graham hi Jill . you look great . jill oh thanks ... graham I know this be a bit early , but there 's a great little noodle place near the cinema and we would love you to join we - we treat . jill oh , thanks . graham why do not we head down together - save take two car . there 's plenty of room in the vw . jill that 's very sweet of you . ( shout ) lloyd ! off lloyd and oliver 's reaction we CUT to ext . oliver' house - evening graham' van be park outside . Kim - lin be sit in the front . graham lead jill to the other front seat . graham I love you hair like that , by the way . you look amazing , do not she ? kim - lin you look amazing , Jill 54 55 55 a 56 57 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 37 . graham ( to lloyd ) you alright in the back , mate ? lloyd Lovely . the back of the van be file with crate of video of ' the Graham T. purvis system 's as well as massage oil and poster . lloyd pick up a bottle that 's roll around in the back . it say ' sensual massage oil 's . the bottle sticky - he try to wipe he hand on the wall . oliver watch , invisible behind the net curtain . int . oliver' house - evening he run in and out of he parent bedroom with various item . omitted int . oliver' house - evening oliver sit in a chair and wait . and wait . finally he hear the doorbell . he get up and hare to the door . jordana be there . she have roller skate on . CUT to : int . oliver 's house . kitchen / dine room - evening oliver have prepare quite a elaborate meal and have set the table with candle / flower . jordana sit down . he pull out she chair . she have white sock . oliver how be the toilet ? jordana Fine ... oliver I be starve . you have very late - it do not matter etc he pour they each some wine . from a BOX of wine . oliver raise he glass . oliver ( cont 'd ) I gamble on white . to we , anda wonderful evening of lovemake . jordana do not know where to look . 55 55 a 56 57 58 59 60 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 38 . int . oliver' house . he parent 's bedroom - evening he show jordana into the bedroom . he have change the bulb to red . Soft music be play . there be red balloon . there 's a ice bucket with wine in and condom laid out on the pillow . jordana Fucking hell , you be a serial 58 killer . int . oliver' house - by the front door - continuous 59 oliver be wait while jordana tie she roller skate back on . oliver you may as well have this , then . it be a envelope with ' jordana , with thanks 's write on it . she leave . oliver sink back against the door . ext . STREET - moment later 60 jordana be roller skate along . she take the envelope out of she pocket . she tear it open and begin to read . oliver ( v.o. ) dear jordana , thank you for let I explore you perfect body . I could drink you blood . you be the only person I would allow to be shrink down to microscopic size and swim inside I in a tiny submersible machine . we have lose we virginity . ( more ) 61 62 63 64 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 39 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but it be not like lose anything . you be too good for I . you be too good for anyone . sincerely , Oliver . a smile creep onto jordana 's face . CUT to : ext . oliver' house - evening 61 oliver open the door . he see jordana . jordana you be not really right , be you ? int . oliver' house - a little later 62 oliver lie on he back while jordana put on she clothes . he be beam . she seem to be look for something . we see oliver' Pov of jordana 's pant . he push they under the bed with he foot . ext . road to bus stop 63 jordana roller skate next to Oliver . jordanna will you try and find my pants ? oliver yeah . sure . they 's 1ll be there somewhere . they will not have disappear . he walk she down the road . they do not speak for a bit jordanna do not get cocky . she skate away . oliver walk into the middle of the road and look after she . we CUT between they pove of eachother as they get further away . CUT to : int / ext . oliver' house - evening 64 lloyd and jill walk in , they face stormy . oliver how be the film ? 65 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 40 . lloyd I be go to bed . jill I think it 's nice to see something lightweight once in a while . something where you do not have to think . oliver Relationships be tough , be not they ? jill you should be in bed . CUT to : int . oliver' bedroom - night 65 Oliver be read the encyclopedia oliver ( v.o. ) tonight I stumble across a encyclopedia entry on ultrasound . ultrasound be a sound vibration too high - frequency to be audible . we see accompany stock footage throughout the follow a - in the style of a national geographic documentary . SOUND wave ; maritime footage , map , scientist etc oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be first develop in the second World War to locate submerge object : depth charge , submarine , atlantis and such . it be use by doctor to study hard - to-reach body area . we see example of this . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) during pregnancy you can detect a foetus 's heart beat use a ultrasonic stethoscope . we see and hear a ultrasonic display of a unborn baby B before cut to illustrative archive of the follow . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) some animal , like bat , dolphin and dog can hear within the ultrasonic frequency but no human can . no one can see inside someone else . ( more ) 66 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 41 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) no one can truly know what anyone else think or feel . what 's inside mum ? what 's inside dad ? what 's inside jordana ? we cut to still image of jordana , jill and lloyd . they turn into eagle annual style cut out . where we see they component part illustrate . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we be all travel under the radar , undetected , and no one can do a thing about it . int cinema — day oliver hand jordana some book from he bag .. king lear , neitzche and catcher in the rye . oliver I get you this book . because they be all really meaningful to I . this be probably Shakespeare 's most mature work . it 's mile better than hamlet . it 's just more develop . thematically . jordana uh-huh . oliver this be neitzche - he 's probably the most influential philosopher of modern time . I do not agree with everything he say , but he make some interesting point . jordana uh-huh . oliver and this be the catcher in the Rye . a great example of the modern american novel . salinger 's very influential . jordana why be you do this ? oliver I think it could be nice to develop some mutual interest now that we have have sex . you know - other than spitting and set thing on fire . 66 67 68 69 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 42 . jordana why would I want to be more like you ? oliver try not to crack the spine . or burn they . we should go in . jordana just one second . she spit on the floor . we push into a poster for carl theodor dreyer 's joan of arc outside with the sticker , ' now playing 's . Match cut start for next scene . note : we need someone to work in the foyer and possibly a usher . omitted 67 omitted 68 ext . cinema - early evening 69 oliver it 's very rude to leave a film before it 's finish . jordana who to ? oliver the filmmaker . jordana how be they go to know ? oliver they just do . oliver see he mother with graham on the road outside the cinema . jill have just come out of the hairdresser and have a slightly different do . Graham be admire it . oliver ( cont 'd ) kiss I . he bring jordana close to he and kiss she . he use she as a human shield as he spin she around , keep he mother and graham in he view . Jill and Graham walk to he van and drive off . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 42a . jordana what ... the fuck ... be that ? ' kiss I !'?? do you seriously just say kiss I ? do I dream that ? etc 70 omitted 70 71 71a 71b 72 73 74 74a 75 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 43. omitted 71 ext . outside oliver' house - approach to oliver' house 71a oliver walk alone . int . hall . oliver' house 71b oliver enter . the door close with a thud behind he . int . oliver' house - early evening 72 oliver walk past he parent 's bedroom . his father , lloyd be sit in bed , fully clothed , stare into the middle distance . omitted 73 int . oliver' bedroom - evening 74 oliver be look through jill be box of memento , he find two picture of he mum . the draw and the sunlit one . int . oliver' house - evening 74a oliver hear he mum come back in the through the front door . he listen as she go into to see lloyd . but he can not hear anything . int . oliver' house . kitchen / dine room - evening 75 oliver eat a lonely meal . oliver ( v.o. ) be it possible that my mum would cheat on dad ? would they get divorced ? they do not even row . they just have discussion . I can imagine my mother calmly leave one day while my dad help she to pack . we cut to this scene , lloyd chirpily polite , jill self - a absorb and unemotional . omitted B * 76 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 44 . int . oliver 's house . hall - later - evening 76 oliver see a leaflet advertising the Graham T. purvis system . ' it have Graham 's face on it and a load of jargon about ' self - actualise 's ; ' complete psychic and physical rejuvinatinon 's ; ' holistic equipment for excellence 's . oliver turn it over . there be a official phone number . we see in pen : ' call for you free session ! '. he pick up the phone to dial . we hear the voice of jackie ( zoe 's mother ) . oliver cover he mouth so that he breathe will not be audible . int . oliver' house a jill nothing . there 's nothing go on . jackie come on — jill ( 0.s . ) it 's nothing . just the usual blah . jackie ( 0.s. ) what 's the usual blah ? jill ( 0.s. ) just Oliver be Oliver . Lloyd be Lloyd . jackie ( 0.s. ) be Lloyd still take the - jill how do you know that . do I tell you that ? jackie yes - do they work - ji1l ( 0.s. ) sort of - but he refuse to take they . he say he have rather be sad than numb whatever that mean . he do not think about give I a break . I have love to feel numb . oliver write : ' dad - still medicate ? 's submarine 23rd november 2009 red 44a . jackie any more word from Graham ? 77 78 omitted submarine 23rd november 2009 red 45 . jill ( 0.s. ) nothing to report really . we all go to the cinema . normal . jackie and how be that ? jill awkward of course . Lloyd sulk because we watch crocodile dundee rather than one of he special . one of he dark . but I really laugh . I think it be very charming . and I can see why someone like she would go for someone like he . int . hall . oliver' house - continuous oliver listen . jackie well , Graham 's still very attractive - he probably feel threaten -— jill Lloyd be far too self - involved to feel threaten . jackie he know Graham be you first love and it probably - jill he be not my first love . jackie oh come on . jill I be eighteen jackie pardon . jill eighteen ! jackie I be in love at 18 . 77 78 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 45a . jill no I be not . you be in love with the idea of be in love . jackie I be , with Colin . do you remember Colin ? jill not really . I have get to go 79 80 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 46 . jill ( cont 'd ) I have just remember something . i’1ll call you back . in 1l see you tomorrow . we hear the dial tone . oliver quickly cradle the phone and run away . jill ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Lloyd ! be you listen in to that ? lloyd ( 0.s. ) what ? jill ( 0.s. ) . I can hear you breathe CUT to : int . oliver' house - night 79 oliver look out of he window at graham 's house , graham a be do aggressive karate type move on he own . oliver this do not look good . oliver reach into he pocket and take out a small pouch make from kitchen roll . in it be some of Lloyd 's anti - depressant . he take one , as if to swallow it , then put it back . int . oliver' house - morning 80 the tate be eat breakfast in silence . lloyd be in he dress gown , sip from a mug of hot lemon . Oliver read a book . lloyd read a journal related to he work . jill be you plan on get dress today ? lloyd do you want to take the car ? jill do not worry . I can take the bus . jill get up and scrape the remainder of she cornflake into the sink . lloyd I think I 'il work from home today . take the car . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 47 . jill I be think of go to one Graham 's talk tonight lloyd okay . jill you do not mind ? lloyd why would I mind ? jill Fine . well it mean I will not be in tonight . lloyd I ’1ll make sure I be busy . jill ( to oliver ) Oliver ? be you come ? oliver I would just like to have a moment with my father if that 's ok . jill Lovely . i’1l see you in the car . he watch she leave . he turn the tap on to hide he voice . he then whisper to lloyd oliver I think mum might be have a affair . lloyd can you turn the tap off please ? oliver I see she in town with Graham . and I hear she on the phone talk about he . lloyd you should not spy on people , Oliver . oliver I be not spying . I just see they . and I pick up the phone by accident . be not you worried ? 81 82 submarine 23rd november 2009 we see jill hover by the door . we see she Pov of oliver and lloyd talking a lloyd Graham be a old friend of you mum 's . oliver do you know they have be meeting up ? lloyd yes. oliver so you be condon this affair ? lloyd there be no affair , Oliver . he 's just some bloke I steal you mother from . oliver so you admit they have a history ? lloyd you should go with you mother . int . car - morning 81 oliver try to do the gear . jill swat he hand away . int . car , parked on a STREET - near school - morning 82 oliver thanks mum . jill Oliver , just a second . we be early . oliver look uncomfortable . jill ( cont 'd ) how be thing with jordana ? oliver Fine . jill be you ever go to let we meet she ? oliver I do not think so . maybe if you get a terminal illness red 48 . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 49 . jill be thing serious between you two ? oliver shrug . jill ( cont 'd ) because it may seem like a big deal now , but there be other thing in life . it probably will not matter much when you be my age . oliver when I be thirty - eight ? jill just be careful . oliver I always use condom . jill do not know how to take this . jill you know that I and you dad be go through a rough patch - oliver yah . jill and I want to know that I really appreciate you try to help ... oliver I be not try to help . jill you be a loud whisperer , ol oliver you should not spy on people . 83 83x submarine 23rd november 2009 red 50 . oliver ( cont 'd ) why have you be meeting up with Graham ? jill Graham 's a old friend . he 's go through a tough time . he 's be have some relationship problem with Kim -lin and he need someone he could talk to . oliver so he might be single soon ? jill so goodbye , ol . oliver get out of the car . he lean in . oliver mum : who would you save first in a house fire give the hypothetical situation that both dad and I be equally difficult to save ? jill I have go for you . but I have feel bad for you father . she drive off . oliver , turn and see jordana . a jordana kiss I ! etc ( she prattles on a little ) he reluctantly walk towards she . jordana ( cont 'd ) so what be you do tonight ? omitted 83 int . leisure centre - night 83x graham colour be energy . Energy equal emotion . emotion be life . colour be life . we say red with anger . Black with despair . Green with envy . we use this word in life . what do this colour mean to you ? ( more ) * + HH oh 84 ptl 84 pt2 84 pt3 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 51 . graham ( cont 'd ) how can recognise the energy of colour help we live a more balanced life ? int . leisure centre lobby - night 84 ptl we see poster with graham 's face on they . a group of about forty people be gather in a room in the leisure centre .. oliver peer through a crack in the door . he look at 84 pt2 a point of sale fill with Graham 's video . graham have a flip chart outline the principle of he theory . during this speech he take we through it . we jump cut as he talk through the night , to give snippet of he rambling . CUT to : int . leisure centre Graham talk . we have some audience participation . Graham describe how he come up with he theory Graham talk about how he be depressed after heatseeker . he describe what heatseeker be he talk about how the gift be a burden , and how people think he be mad - how he go to every eye doctor in the country . but he do see colour . you will not see colour , but the principle may help you life - that 's all . I be not a magic man . I be not a shaman . it 's about balance . reduce the red in you , and bring the colour into balance . Exercise and eat right be part of this . int . leisure centre lobby - night 84 pt3 oliver react . * * 84a 84b 85 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 52 . int . leisure centre - night 84a the talk end , applause . people get up , spill out of the hall . int . leisure centre lobby 84b oliver hide by the stair and look for he mother . his mother do not appear . he return to the door and look in . he see he mother talk to Graham . int . leisure centre - night 85 graham thanks for come . it mean a lot . jill no . it be interesting . jackie I 'il just wait in the car . jackie exit via the fire escape . graham and jill talk . graham do you mind if I make a comment ? submarine 23rd november 2009 red 53. jill I suppose it depend what it be . graham I be not sure I like you friend . I think she patronise you . jill what ? graham I think she treat you like a child . like that comment about how she would wait for you in the car . it belittle you . etc jill oh graham what do you think of the show ? jill yes - interesting etc graham you think i be silly jill no graham you do jill honestly , I do not etc graham all I can say be that it work for I . I be happy . jill and now you be go to ask I if I be happy ...? graham be you ? jill I be yes etc graham that gladden I . I break up with Kim lin jill sorry laughter . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 53a . graham she be young . I need a woman . jill I be go to get back . graham I remember you be happy . jill honestly . lloyd will be wonder where I be . graham how be Lloyd ? jill he 's well . graham be you go to come again ? jill sure . graham promise ? do not make I cross the street and drag you down ! you should bring Lloyd down . jill I be not sure he have like it . but thanks . 85 a 85b 85c 85d submarine 23rd november 2009 red 54-55 . graham I be sure he have come if you ask . jill be you alright there graham yeah - just go to take a few beat . jill walk away , via the fire escape , and look over she shoulder . graham stare after she . int . leisure centre lobby 85a oliver react , then decide to walk in . int . leisure centre 85b oliver you do not fool I . I know what you be up to . graham what be I up to ? oliver we be do here . I have say what I need to . I be watch you . graham what be I up to ? oliver walk away . ext . STREET 85c oliver walk , look at a copy of Graham 's video . int . oliver' bedroom . 85d oliver watch a tape of Graham 's video . oliver ( v.o . ) my mum be the exact type of person who 's susceptible to this mystic bullshit . ( more ) * + oe submarine 23rd november 2009 red 56 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I can picture she tell Jackie at work how it it 's a bit of over the top but there 's ' something in it 's . first she will just start meeting Graham more often . then he 'il start give she deep tissue massage . then he 'il make she join he in some mystic commune with a bunch of other still - fairly - attractive mother and cut they off from they family and the world while he pass around he sperm and say it 's magic milk . how 's my dad mean to compete ? if he radiate a colour , it would be ochre . 86e int / ext . payphone 86e oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he know the number for the pothole help - line off by heart . shot of lloyd by a payphone look a pothole in the road . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he be the first person in we village to install double glaze . F we see lloyd by he double glaze window . F submarine 23rd november 2009 red 57 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the only time I see he enthrall a room be when he give a talk about the disappearance of a giant sturgeon from the museum of cardiff . 87 int . lecture hall - day 87 we see a brief excerpt of this speech . a man have just ask a question . lloyd you be right . sturgeon be royal fish , since the 14th century anyway , and if catch , they do become the property of the crown . so yes , the matter be be treat as suspicious . a small boy sit next to oliver put up he hand . SMALL boy how deep be the ocean ? lloyd at it 's deep point , 7 mile , but on average , 6 mile be a good rule of thumb . but no fish could live down there , there 's , of course no light and the pressure 's to great . any human who be at that level would die immediately . they have implode . they would not have a chance . but yes , six mile deep . oliver ( v.o. ) maybe it 's time for dad to tear off he vest again . 88 int . oliver' house - evening 88 lloyd , jill and oliver at dinner . jill I mean , it 's a bit over the top , but there 's something in it . lloyd right , yes . good turn out , be it ? oliver 's heart sink . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 58 . oliver I be go to go out for a bit . 89 ext . STREET outside oliver 's house - evening 89 oliver approach graham 's van . he try , and eventually succeed in make himself sick on the bonnet . oliver ( v.o. ) I decide to meet jordana . I feel like set fire to something . but tonight , for the first time , she use a word I have never hear before - 90 ext . wasteland , by a burning skip - night 90 jordana it 's call a medulloblastoma . oliver what do that mean ? jordana it mean she 's get a brain tumour . a long pause . jordana 's dog start to whimper oliver ( v.o. ) - or tell I that she mum have cancer . and in the top trump of parental problem , cancer beat infidelity . how will I reconcile this with rule 3 of we charter ? 91 ext . STREET - night 91 oliver trudge home . he reach home . by now it 's raining . he look over at graham 's van . the vomit have be wash away . fade to black . a caption : part two a B school establishers to show it 's nearly christmas . note : B oliver should be play the piano in the hall . some kid ( 6 - 10 ) come in dress in nativity wear ( wise man / angel ) , lead by a teacher . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 59 . 92 int . classrooom - afternoon 92 oliver ( v.o. ) thing be a lot less fun since jordana 's mother might die and my parent 's marriage start fall apart . I have be work on strategy to solve both problem . I have buy my dad some new aftershave , but I be draw a blank on the cancer situation . I have order some book on how to relate to people in crisis to read over the holiday . Oliver be stare at jordana 's empty desk . the bell sound . mr davey okay - walk ! you be still in school ! and if anyone have not sign the card to jordana bevan , now 's the last chance . have a good Christmas everyone . pupil thanks Mr. davey etc chip you be fuck , mate . even if she mum be terminal it can still take fuck age . oliver please , chip - chip this be not what you sign up for . this be about dip you wick . you have do that . game over . 93 ext . school path / could be corridor if raining - afternoon 93 pupil be rush to get out . it 's the last class of the Christmas term . chip and I be tell you - she be go to be in no mood to put out anymore . no yuletide log for you . unlike I , who will be roll in it throughout the festive season submarine 23rd november 2009 red 59a . oliver God you be lame . do you actually think of this line in advance ? 94 94a 95 96 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 60 . chip I just spit line as they come to I , mate . int . corridor . school or school path - continuous 94 chip you have get to shut this shit down . keiron with extreme prejudice . chip thank you keiron . oliver nothing 's change . chip do what you want , mate , but remember two thing , ol . one : treat ‘em mean , keep ‘em keen . and two : do not mix family and bush . come on keiron , let 's get the fuck out of here . we see oliver , lonely , as the rest of the pupil run off excitedly for the holiday . CUT to : ext . sea - day 94a oliver and jordana be walk along , mournful , with she dog . he try to put he arm around she , but she shrug it off . ext . park by hospital -— day 95 oliver sit with he arm round jordana . she be cry . oliver be patting she back in a distant way , unsure what to do he almost look bored . he exchange a look with jordana 's dog . int . oliver' bedroom - day 96 he 's read a book , parent teens with Love and logic . oliver ( v.o. ) I have be take my duty as a boyfriend seriously . last night I re-read the book parent teens with Love and logic . ( more ) submarine 23rd november 2009 red 60a . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I remember a chapter that say pet be important because they die because they allow child to adjust to death and mourn . ( more ) 97 98 99 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 61 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's therefore in jordana 's interest that she dog die before she mother do . then we can get thing back on track . we see a insert - jordana 's dog - a necessary sacrifice ? a a shot of oliver find the rat poison in a draw in the B kitchen . the phone ring . he go over to open it , rat poison in hand . note : we need to cover a version where he answer the phone W / out rat poison in hand . oliver ( cont 'd ) calm down . what be it ? where be you ? he put the poison back in the drawer . omitted 97 omitted 98 ext . barry railway line 99 oliver sprint into shot with a shovel and a bin liner . he cross into the road , out of shot . he re-enter with a full bag and a grim expression . he sit down . oliver and jordana sit side by side , the shovel next to they , the bin liner on the floor . the bin liner have blood and bit of fur on it . oliver it 's such bad luck . there 's like one train every week here . he be always run off , I guess . I be sorry . he give she a hug , and then try to kiss she . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 62 . jordana ol - oliver fall back on he soap opera cliches . oliver no - sorry . of course etc . jordana we should bury he . oliver no . we should not do that . fox dig up dead animal and eat they . jordana we can not just leave he in a bag . 100 ext . wasteground / canal 100 jordana and oliver launch a burn boat into the canal . we see the sport bag start to burn . jordana Jude would like to meet you . oliver who 's Jude ? jordana my mum . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 63 . oliver since when have you call she Jude ? jordana since she might die in two week . oliver right . jordana would you like to come ? oliver more than anything . jordana give oliver a long hug . 101 omitted 101 101a omitted 101a 102 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 64 . int . jordana 's house - evening 102 oliver look at various ornament around the live room . china trinket , a tacky - looking carriage clock . very posed but happy family picture . a water colour of the three cliff . christmas carol play on a tiny tape recorder . there be tacky decoration up . a old lady be ina wheelchair and make occasional loud hacking voice . bryn this be crack , love . oliver yes . it 's great . thank you Mrs. bevan . jude this be my last warning . it 's Jude . bryn so I hear from my little girl that you have steal she heart . jordana dad ! bryn let I tell you , when you be lucky enough to find a angel , hold on to she with everything you have get . this fuck light ! he get up and storm to the back of the room , try to hit the switch . bryn start to cry . jordana and jude get up to comfort he . jordana dad. do not ... jude bryn . come on . please . you be act like I be dead already . come on . it will take more than some silly tumour to kill I . bryn it might not . jordana mum 's go to be ok . and I have get ol to look after I . oliver stare down into he plate 103 104 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 67 . omitted 103 ext / int . jordana 's house - evening 104 oliver in the doorway . jude so lovely to meet you . oliver it be great . thank you . really . bryn ( shaking oliver be hand and not let go ) take care . I have just like to thank you for be such a support to jordana . we have be to hell and back . thank you for walk through the fire with she . you be a good lad . you be part of the family now . deal ? oliver thank you . bryn deal ? oliver sure . deal . bryn there we fuck go . jordana come out . jordana I nil walk to the bus stop with you . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 68 . 104a ext . STREET - night . moment later . 104a they walk together in silence for a while . what ? pause jordana maybe you could come to the Hospital this Friday ? mum 'il have have she operation then and we could visit ... if you feel like it ... oliver ah. Friday - I have get to do some Christmas shopping ... jordana oliver - I just always leave it too late and I would like to get you something good - jordana my mother might die . oliver I know . jordana do you care about that or could not you give a fuck ? oliver I do . clearly . i’1l come . when be it ? jordana Friday . oliver great . actually that 's good . I can make that . Friday . excellent . you skin 's look good . I definitely think you be allergic to you dog . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 69 . jordana I be eat better - follow Mam 's special diet . oliver because of the ... jordana we eat lot of ginger now . oliver Friday ? jordanna visit hour be 6 till 8 . oliver six till eight . get it . meet you there . jordana I be sorry I be like this . I do not know . I be sorry . oliver it 's fine . do not feel you have to wait . it 's cold . jordana it 's okay . oliver I buy you some match . swan extra long . jordana take the box , remove a match , light it and hold it up in front of she face . jordana I have notice that when you light a match , the flame be the same shape as a fall tear . oliver ( v.o. ) I know then it be too late to save she . she have go gooey in the middle . from now on she will buy little gift for she favourite teacher and she will admire the scenery and she ’1ll buy soup for homeless people and she ’1ll never burn my leg hair again . jordana maybe I will go . it be pretty cold . 105 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 70 . she give he a long hug , Oliver try to kiss she . she offer she cheek . she smile and walk away . CUT to : int . oliver' house - continuous - night 105 jill and lloyd be watch graham 's instructional video . a Graham 's video consist of -- talk head against black -- top light karate against black -- stare to camera against black -- reclining on a candle - surround bed ot beautiful girl against black . -- running over the crest of a hill -- romantic walk by a park oliver eavesdrop . note there 's one version where they sit in silence for a long time . lloyd well , it be interesting ... he 's really open up he third eye there . jill it 's just a metaphor , Lloyd . do not be so literal . lloyd no . I like the whole colour coding thing . jill well I would like to go again and I would like you to come lloyd you want we to go ? jill yes . I do . we see more footage of Graham , sweeping at a opponent 's leg . lloyd do I have to bring short ? submarine 23rd november 2009 red 70a . jill it 's on Friday lloyd right. 105 B 106 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 71 . jill so will you come ? lloyd I be intrigue ... jill this Friday . lloyd this Friday . jill thank you . do not let I down . she get up and jump as she see oliver . jill ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? Lloyd and oliver exchange a look . we see more graham footage . CUT to : int . oliver' bedroom - night 105b oliver lie down on he bed , look at the ceiling . oliver Friday . this friday . int . hospital - evening 106 oliver wander through a hospital . he be hold a bunch of red flower . we adopt he Pov as he try to find jordana . a disorient maze of corridor .. he sees a strange , group of cronenberg -type doctor . front gn reacton . we see he Pov of the floor - there's blood on it . wide shot of jordana on a red chair by the ward door . oliver enter frame , or clockwork orange sideways track to he . jordana sit on a chair outside a ward , she eye red from cry . oliver jordana ... she shake she head . oliver ( cont 'd ) what be it ? 107 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 72 . she shake she head again and start to cry . oliver ( cont 'd ) tell I ... oliver put he hand on she shoulder in a gesture of support , but she shrug it off . jordana you should go in . uncertainly , Oliver walk into the ward it turn into a B forest . the bed be in the middle of the forest . oliver approach . he see a figure , cover by a sheet . he slowly approach . oliver Mrs. bevan ? nothing . oliver ( cont 'd ) Mrs. bevan ? it 's Oliver . still nothing . oliver ( cont 'd ) I come round to dinner ... he pull back the sheet and see himself , lie on the bed . Oliver on the bed 's eye snap open . he grab Oliver 's hand and say , in Jude 's voice oliver ( cont 'd ) you will never escape I . the thorns of the rise dig into oliver 's hand and blood drip onto the white sheet . CUT to : int . oliver' bedroom - morning 107 Oliver wake up and look at he alarm clock . it be Friday . 5:00 be . oliver not much need to interpret that one . 107a 107b 108 109 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 73. int . bedroom — evening 107a Oliver be now fully dress . he look exhaust . he stare at the alarm clock . it be now 17:55 . he muster up he strength and stand up . int . hall . oliver' house - evening 107b Oliver walk and see he dad still in he room . int . bedroom - six o’clock . 108 oliver half enter . lloyd be in he dress gown , drink hot lemon . they conduct the conversation via a mirror in the corner of the room . oliver dad , be not you go to Graham 's thing ? lloyd mm? oliver Graham 's thing ? it 's friday . lloyd I think you be go out . oliver yup . I be mean to be at the hospital . lloyd well you would better get along . oliver yup . well . I probably should go . ext . oliver' house . moment later 109 Oliver stand outside , with the front door open . he call out . oliver bye ! let I know how it go ! Lloyd wander down the stair , hot lemon in hand , and head to the kitchen for a refill . oliver close the front door loudly . he then creep round to the back of the house , make sure that Lloyd can not see he . he watch he father , who 's still in the kitchen . Lloyd stand up and start to rub he knuckle against he lip . he look around the room . oliver provide what he imagine to be lloyd 's internal monologue . 110 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 74 . oliver ( cont 'd ) look at all this bullshit . what be any of it for ? I need to save my marriage . I be go to do it . I be go to do that right now . I be go to show Graham . I be go to make that mystic bastard sorry he be ever bear . we see lloyd sit back down at the table . oliver ( cont 'd ) just go to have a little sit down . but then , action ! a long pause . oliver ( cont 'd ) action ! and again . oliver ( cont 'd ) action ! Oliver wait for a while , before walk back in . int . kitchen . evening 110 oliver who would you save first in a house fire give the hypothetical situation that both mum and I be equally difficult to save ? lloyd ( blankly , without hesitation ) I would save you mother first so that we could have a better chance of work together to save you . oliver would you like I to stay with you ? lloyd no . I be good thanks . oliver I think I should stay with you . 111 112 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 75 . oliver ( cont 'd ) I ’1ll stay . I ought to stay . this be where I should be . i’1l top up you hot lemon . int . hospital - day 111 jordana be sit in the reception . she wander out of the front door . it swooshes shut behind she . she look around and forlornly wander back in . int . oliver' house - evening 112 oliver and lloyd be have a lonely meal of soup . oliver do you often feel like this ? lloyd like what ? tire ? oliver down in the dump . lloyd quite often . oliver how long for ? lloyd since I be about you age . oliver what do it feel like ? lloyd like be underwater . oliver be that why you become a marine biologist ? lloyd maybe . oliver have you always like fish ? lloyd I suppose . I sort of drift into it . no pun intend . oliver do mum mind ? submarine 23rd november 2009 red 76 . lloyd I think she have rather I earn more money ... oliver no . you be underwater . lloyd I be sure she have rather I be not . it 's not that pleasant . oliver the ocean 's six mile deep , be not it ? lloyd well remember . they eat in silence for a bit . we hear the phone ring . oliver could be mum ... lloyd or jordana . they let the phone ring out . CUT to : 113 int . hospital - evening 113 jordana be at a phone in the corridor . she replace the receiver and wander back down to see she mum . 114 int . leisure centre - evening 114 jill sit next to a empty seat . graham be hold forth to the assemble group . graham we will encounter people in we life who will try to block we journey . I call this people colour blocker . they do not want to see the full spectrum . they do not want the white light . 115 ext . leisure centre -carpark or lecture hall , empty evening 115 graham be hold jill , who 's convulse with sob . jill I think I be just tired . 115 a 116 117 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 77 . graham there , there . it 's okay . it 's okay . int . car 115 a jill drive back , quick and angry . int . oliver' house - evening 116 jill return home . she slam the door . and walk up the stair . oliver and lloyd watch she from the sofa . int . oliver' bedroom - night 117 oliver lie on he bed , stare up at the ceiling ina very similar pose to one Lloyd might adopt . the phone ring . without look , he reach over and pick up the phone from the floor of he room and put it to he ear . oliver what be it ? he listen for some time . oliver ( cont 'd ) no. I be afraid now be not the time for that . I appreciate this must be frustrating . a pause . oliver ( cont 'd ) jordana . listen , I understand where you be come from but I be not ready to break up with you yet . a further pause . oliver ( cont 'd ) no you be not break up with I . you be just have a nonage . beat . oliver ( cont 'd ) it mean a period of immaturity . it be one of the word I highlight in the dictionary I give you . I have to go now . i’1l see you shortly . he calmly put down the receiver . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 77a . 118 int . oliver' house . the live room —- day 118 a we track in to the tv . the american soap be play . a 119 120 120 a 121 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 78 . tv kid this be the best Christmas ever . tv dad I have get one other thing that you might like . Close you eye . he bring out a woman from upstairs . tv kid Mom ? you be alive ! we pan onto the tate open present in they live room . Jill get a kettle . int . dine room -— day 119 a silent Christmas dinner ; Jill decline a cracker . oliver ( v.o. ) Christmas be a mix affair . negatives include jordana try to dump I and my mum not speak to my dad . on the plus side , I have plenty of time to read . int . live room - evening 120 Lloyd and Jill watch tv at opposite end of the sofa we see oliver read a book call . relationships : making they work . jill get up and pass oliver . jill tell you father I be go for a drive . lloyd okay . oliver dad say okay . int . live room - evening 120a Lloyd be put up a banner say , ' happy new year 's . he place some nibble on the table . int . oliver' bedroom - evening 121 oliver at he typewriter . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 78a . oliver ( v.o . ) in a effort to reconcile they , I have write a letter to my mum from my father . ( more ) submarine 23rd november 2009 red 79 . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I fill it with romance and promise . it 's New Year 's Eve . a time for fresh beginning . I cannot fail . 122pt1 int . oliver' house - he parentas bedroom / hall outsidh22ptl we see oliver slip the envelope under the door . we see a zoom into the letter . time cut . 122 pt2 jill read the letter . 122 pt2 122a insert : 122a oliver ( v.o . ) '' dear Jill , it 's be too long since we have have the dimmer switch down half - way . let I re-discover you sweet spot . best wish from you husband , Lloyd . happy New Year in advance . '' 122 pt3 int . oliver' bedroom - day 122 pt3 jill ( 0.s. ) Oliver ! Oliver be on he bed . he be read a book call ' make Relationships work 's . jill ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( sharper ) Oliver ! 122 pt2 int . oliver 's house . he parent 's bedroom - later 122 pt2 oliver yes ? jill what 's this ? oliver I do not know . jill have the letter in hand jill what be this ? * + HH oh submarine 23rd november 2009 red 79a . oliver it look like a letter but I do not know what 's in it . jill I think you do know . 123 123a submarine 23rd november 2009 red 80 . jill ( cont 'd ) why do you write this , Oliver ? jill grab oliver and shake he slightly . jill ( cont 'd ) this be not funny , Oliver . oliver ok . if I do write it , and I be not as yet admit that I do , it would only be because I speak to dad and this be what he want . jill you speak to dad ? oliver he know he 's be imperfect . jill Oliver , what do you talk about ? oliver listen ... he take a step forward , almost as if he 's in a soap opera , and place a hand on jill 's shoulder . oliver ( cont 'd ) he still find you attractive . he still want to make love to you . jill Oliver , be you make this up ? oliver dad and I have discuss this and we both want to make this marriage work . oliver try to hold she gaze with a look of absolute sincerity . jill seem lose for word . jill go to you room , please . int . oliver' bedroom - later oliver pace for a while and then sit down and start to write . we see the follow appear on the typewriter : ' dear Jill , I understand that you have recently receive a 123a letter from Oliver . I think the key thing be to forgive ' Oliver stop - he hear the sound of he parent 's car . he run downstairs . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 80a . 123xx ext . house - evening 123x * he see he mum drive off , down the bottom of the road . * 124 124a 125 126 127 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 81 . omitted 124 int . hall - moment later 124a oliver run back into the hall . he see a note by the phone . he pick it up . insert note : ' go to the beach with graham . I will not B be back tonight .' he look back at lloyd . he look at lloyd , sit in he armchair under the ' happy new year 's banner . ext . STREET - evening 125 oliver cycle furiously . ext . beach - late evening . new year eve . 126 oliver park he bike and wander towards the beach . he see graham 's van in the carpark . oliver ( v.o. ) on New Year 's Eve , everyone from the town go to the beach . chip say that if a girl will not get off with you on New Year 's Eve , you may as well cut it off . I be beginning to think he and I may grow apart when we get older . CUT to : ext . beach - evening 127 firework and sparkler illuminate the sky . oliver walk through the crowd , look for graham and he mother , but be overwhelm by the throng . lot of people seem to be kissing . Oliver look fevere . he stop short , as he see jordana who be giggle next to a boy with a very long neck . she be unaware of he presence . then , before he be divert , he see Graham and Jill wander past . they be be very tactile . he look back at jordana , but , though it pain he , he be compel to follow Jill . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 81a . oliver press on . firework explode around he . it 's difficult , and he see jill and graham make pace back to the van . 128 129 130 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 82. int . carpark - night 128 he see jill and graham giggling and flirting . they be kissing . graham unlock the back of he van and he and jill crawl in . jill 's car be also there . he walk up to the van and try to see in . he can hear laugh and make out sound . he stagger back and throw a empty bottle of 20 / 20 at the van . he panic and hide under a nearby car . graham jump out , wear a kimono . Oliver be terrify . graham fuck off ! we see inside the van . jill look in the mirror . we see a realisation . what be I do ? ext . road - night 129 oliver cycle , cry . the dull sound of firework . oliver Fucking mystic . motherfuck mystic . he take out the kitchen roll of anti-depressant and swallow a couple int . graham be van - night 130 graham okay . let 's start she up again . he try to start up again . jill I ought to get back ? graham ought you ? jill yes . graham okay . i’1l drive you . just give I a minute . I be not really safe to drive like this . he look down . he have a erection . jill oh , for God 's sake . 131 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 82a . int . / ext . oliver' house . live room - night oliver arrive back at he house . unsteadily he put the key in the door . he see lloyd be sit on top of the sofa in he dress gown . 131 132 133 134 135 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 83. the dull thud of firework be hear off-screen . he sip he lemon drink . he 's watch a video tape of himself on open university . lloyd ( on tv ) a it be indeed hard to measure exactly how fast fish be . the most reliable method be to race water against the fish in a water column and see at what speed the fish stop try to fight the flow . be this as fast as it can go ? we can not say . maybe it just reach a point where it give up ... close on oliver , we can hear the dull thud of firework . int . kitchen - night 132 oliver rifle through the draw in the kitchen . he find some match and a torch light . he put on a pair red gardening glove . int . garage - night 133 he get a hammer out of a tool box and tuck it into he belt . ext . STREET - night 134 Oliver look at he reflection in a puddle . he take some mud from the floor and smear it on he face . he 's wear a burglar 's hat . he spit into the puddle and watch he reflection ripple . int . graham' house - night 135 we hear the smash of glass . oliver break in and start look around with only the flashlight to guide he . oliver ( v.o. ) I be not sure what my plan be when I break into Graham 's house . I just want to leave the impression that I be derange and therefore capable of anything . he take a teaspoon and put it into Graham 's microwave . he see a box of graham 's video . he unspool the tape inside they . 136 137 138 139 140 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 84 . he find a drink cupboard . he pour himself a large measure of brandy into a large brandy glass . he see various bit of heatseeker memorablia - a annual , a toy , a woven rug with Graham 's face on it and the title ' heatseeker 's . he piss on graham 's woollen face while sip he drink . unsteadily , he walk upstairs . ext . road - night 136 graham' van pass along a road . int . graham' bedroom - night 137 oliver open a drawer in a cabinet and rifle through . he see a number of drawing / plan for graham 's van and a number of charcoal drawing of woman . kim - lin , he mum , a few other . some quite good line drawing , some more colourful fantasy scenario that have the feel of the draw on he van . there be a portrait of Graham and Jill together , both on a fly unicorn , surround by white light and star . int . graham be van - night 138 close shot of graham and jill . they stare ahead . underlit - look frightening . int . graham' bedroom - night 139 he see a heart shape water bottle on the bed . oliver light a match and toss it on the bed . he throw on some brandy , but it manage to put out the fire . he light another match and try to set light to a pillow . it flame up . he panic and snatch the water bottle from the cover and empty it out on the fire . he shake the duvet to put out the fire . the smoke get in he eye and he start to feel sick . he vomit in the corner of the room . ext . STREET outside oliver 's house - night 140 graham' van pull up . jill get out . graham I do not regret what 's happen tonight . jill well , I do . 141 142 143 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 85 . she walk unsteadily into she house . graham watch she . he then get out and walk to he front door . int . graham' bedroom - night 141 oliver be lie down on the bed , half - unconscious graham ( 0.s. ) hello ? oliver hide under the cover . int . graham' house - night 142 graham ascend the stair . graham kim-lin ? be that you ? do you still have a key ? that 's naughty . he enter the bedroom and switch on the light . he see a person -shape mound under the cover . graham ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) Kim -lin , what 's go on ? he pull back the bedsheet . oliver my name be not Kim -lin . my name be Oliver tate . oliver black out . we fade down . omitted 143 144 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 86 . int . / ext . oliver' house - night 144 graham gently place oliver on the tate threshold . graham you be go to be okay , little guy . oliver do not ever come back . Graham accept this . he ring the bell and then trot back down the drive . Lloyd come out and look around , not see Oliver on the step . lloyd hello ? graham shout from a distance and indicate to the floor . graham you son ...! lloyd what 's he do ? graham he break into my house . it 's fine ! lloyd right - thanks . sorry ! do you want to come in for a coffee ? graham no thanks - I get palpitation / I get anxious ! oliver ( from the floor , half to himself ) do not you ever come back you fuck mystic . lloyd Oliver . this be not acceptable . we see jill appear at the window . we see Graham 's Pov of jill . he look away . 145 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 87 . ( cont 'd ) int . oliver' bedroom - early morning 145 lloyd and Jill eneter . there be a bucket next to the bed . oliver lie under the cover , sore from sickness . his parent be sit on the edge of the bed . lloyd ruffle he hair . lloyd knock . knock . jill just go in . lloyd how be you feel ? oliver I see mum with Graham at the beach . lloyd you mum 's tell I everything - oliver do she say she go into he van ? the one with he face on it ? lloyd yes . oliver do she say what happen in the van with he face on it ? lloyd yes. oliver be not you angry ? lloyd worse thing have happen at sea . oliver what do happen ? submarine 23rd november 2009 red 89 . lloyd that 's between you mother and I . jill Lloyd . I think we should be honest . sweet pea : I give Graham a hand job . do you want to ask anything about that ? do you want to add anything Lloyd ? I be drunk and I think it - I be try to relax Graham . it be a silly thing to do . you father and I have discuss it . and that 's the last we will say if that 's ok with everyone . be there anything you would like to talk about ? oliver try to lean over the bed vomit , but he 's too slow to reach the bucket . he leave a string of bubbly saliva on he pillow . oliver jordana and I be have relationship problem . it 's difficult ... I suppose it will not matter when I be thirty - eight ... but I be upset about it ... ( to lloyd ) you should be more angry with she . lloyd why would I be angry with jordana ? oh you mean I . yes . I be . I be upset . go to sleep now , ol . we be not go to punish you now , but you mother and I be go to talk about what you have do . oliver maybe you should talk about what you have do . jill do not push it . lloyd we will talk about that too . you should go back to sleep . 146 147 148 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 90 . int . oliver' parent 's bedroom - early morning 146 jill and lloyd , unsteady from drink , change for bed . jill you should be more angry . lloyd I be very angry . I be very angry . jill you know what I do . lloyd I know . I have take it on board . jill I want to do it . lloyd I be very upset . jill do you hate I now ? lloyd I be hide it . jill you be sweet . lloyd you hair be better when it be longer . int . oliver' house . hallway - morning 147 oliver pick up a padded envelope address to he . int . oliver' bedroom - morning 148 he open it . jordana 's clipper , some match , the book oliver buy she and a letter fall out . note we film jordana read this out . we do this against black in the studio . jordana ( v.o. ) a dear Oliver , I try to tell you but I figure you will probably only believe I if it 's in write . it 's over . I enclose my clipper as a parting gift for you . also , I think you should know I have find someone else . ( more ) submarine 23rd november 2009 red 90a . jordana ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when we be in school together , try not to look upset . I know you be a good actor . ( more ) 149 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 91 . jordana ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ps you be right about my be allergic to dog . I get test . oh , and in case you be interested , my mum 's fine now . sorry if it make you feel awkward . oliver go over to the stereo and put lloyd 's break up mix on . he lie on the bed try to light the clipper in a cool way . he look at the shape of the fire . he use it to light a match . we see the bed slowly float out to sea . ( blue screen ) then , over music : int . bedroom , various corridor 149 oliver be on the phone . he be try to get through to jordana . oliver could you tell she I call ? oliver do a variation on this in the hallway , museum , a a phone box B oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) none of this will matter when I be thirty - eight , but it 's be two month since jordana last speak to I . I have try several time to call , but to no avail . 150 150g 151 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 91a . ext . somewhere in school - lunch 150 oliver walk across the playground oliver walk down a long corridor , fill with kid shoutin& and scream . we track along with jordana and she new boyfriend ( 16 ) who B have a very long neck . we reveal oliver , secretly watch they . they see he , oliver try to casually walk away . oliver stare at a bowl of steaming yellow custard in the xx refectory . he get up and walk to the window . he stare out at ... chip , jordana , keiron and the new boyfriend plus a couple C of other , mess about together . same place he see zoe be tease . -- int . science lap . jor . sit with dafydd . they be D dissecting a rat . oliver look at he , dejected . driving along with lloyd and jill . oliver now have no desire F to change the gear . -- int . classroom . jor show dafydd the flaming under the E desk trick . oliver ( v.o. ) her new boyfriend 's have a incredibly long neck . just think about giraffe make I angry . chip say that the break up have make thing awkward for he . he do not want to choose between we , but jordana know more girl so he think it best to keep in with she . int . classroom 150g mr . davey be conduct a lesson - some impro . oliver walk up a corridor and knock on the door , letter in hand . Mr. davey come to meet he . oliver ( v.o. ) I wish I could hand in this excuse note . jill v.o. please may Oliver be excuse from class . his tiny heart be break . omitted 151 151a 152 153 154 155 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 91b . omitted 151a ext . school pond - afternoon 152 oliver stare at he reflection in the water . he throw in about two dozen condom . int . museum - evening 153 oliver be with he dad , labelling jar . oliver ( v.o . ) after school I have to go to my dad 's work and help he categorise fish . he say I have to keep do this until I have pay off the damage to Graham 's house . there be more type of fish than you would ever believe . int . oliver' house - evening 154 Lloyd and Jill be finish off dinner . oliver enter , fill up a flask with hot lemon and walk back out . ext . bridge / park / beach - evening 155 oliver ( v.o. ) then after dinner , I make a pilgrimage to the place jordana and I use to kiss and frig each other off . ( more ) 155 aa 155 ab 155ac submarine 23rd november 2009 red 93. oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in each location I lay a single red rise . when I be depressed I tend towards symbolism . I have already turn this moment into the super 8 footage of memory . we see Oliver lay the first rise in a certain place . we a cut to all this place - empty , devoid of people . there be a single red rise in each one . we film this normally and on super 8 . during the last two week of shoot we take super 8 of scene . int . swimming pool . 155 aa oliver on he own . he watch a rise float in the swim pool . he then get up and calmly jump into the pool , fully clothed . we follow he under water . int . oliver' house . bathroom - evening 155 ab in the bath , he re-emerges and blink . he lie back under the water and open he eye and stare straight at we . suddenly he feel a hand on he chest . he start thrashing about , unable to move . he look up and see himself , mug of hot lemon in hand , push down . the murdering oliver calmly take a swig of drink . int . oliver 's bedroom - evening 155ac oliver sit up in bed and switch on the light . leans against the wall . on it be the dozen and dozen of Polaroid of jordana and oliver kissing . oliver ( v.o . ) in my other recur dream I mentally rehearse the end scene . the one where it 's get dark and I mistake a girl for jordana we see a Pov shot walk up to a girl face away from B oliver . she turn round to camera , but it 's not jordana . oliver ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - a girl with the exact same frame and the exact same hair - and when she turn around I see that she face be nothing like jordana 's and she ask if she know I and I look traumatize and say , ' no , I be sorry , no , you do not know I , nobody know I . 's submarine 23rd november 2009 red 92a . 155c ext . industrial estate 155c dafydd , chip , keiron , jordana and two other girl be burn a Christmas tree on a industrial estate . Oliver watch through the fence . oliver ( v.o. ) I will remain a victim forever , like Zoe , who be probably , right at this moment , wallowing in she own sorrowful existence , unable to move she massive bulk as bunion grow in the fold of she voluminous skin . 155d int . school classroom 155d a boring lesson with Mr. davey , we slowly zoom into Oliver . 156 omitted 156 157 158 158a 159 160 161 162 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 94 . omitted 157 omitted 158 int . bedroom / or kitchen - night 158a Oliver look at a copy of the local news . we see a article on Zoe . there 's a post - it note on it from Jill . ' be not this you friend Zoe ?! mum x 's ' local girl Zoe preece win modell contract 's . there be a quote : '' the kid at school call I fat . I suppose they should see I now . '' '' I be so unhappy the weight just fall off . '' there be a photo-shopped picture of Zoe , look much thin . oliver have a bottle of whiskey next to he . he take a gulp . ext . pond - day 159 oliver rip up some book and let the page flutter into the water . int . oliver' house - evening 160 jill , lloyd , oliver see graham take thing into he van . a there be a for sale sign up outside he house . omitted 161 int . parent 's bedrrom - evening 162 oliver walk in with he hot lemon . the dimmer switch be half - way . his parent be kissing and cuddle . 163 164 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 95 . oliver I think this will matter when I be thirty - eight . they scramble and pull the cover around themselves . jill do not you knock anymore ? lloyd what be that o1 ? oliver with jordana . it will matter when I be thirty - eight . jill go to sleep , ol . omitted 163 int . school classroom - day 164 mr . davey be droning on . Oliver be stare into space . he then look down at a piece of paper . insert : the camera focus on a piece of a4 . we see : a ' reason for not killing myself : 1 . mess / clean up issue 2 . make parent look bad . he write ' 3 . would never see jordana bevan again .' chip look over , see it , then swipe it . oliver then try to get it back . mr. davey see the ensue struggle . mr davey what 's so interesting ? chip ask tate . oliver nothing , sir . 165 166 167 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 96 . mr davey there 's obviously something on that piece of paper that 's deeply fascinating . oliver there honestly be not sir . mr davey you know the rule . up you come . oliver make a slow death row walk up to the front . the class woof and holler . he hold up the paper and look at the grin melee in front of he . oliver reason for not kill myself . 1 . mess / clean up issue 2 . make Parents look bad 3 . would never see jordana again . and ' 3 's be circle . the class howl . angle on jordana . int . school classroom - later 165 mr.davey have keep oliver behind . mr . davey you be sure you be joke ... oliver yes . of course ... mr . davey because if you ever have that thought , you must feel ... oliver look out of the window at the ape like face of he classmate . Mr. davey 's voice fade out . int . school corridor - day 166 Oliver have to walk along a corridor of howling kid . he glance as jordana as he rush to he next class , head down . ext . school playground - later 167 oliver be get ribbed by everyone . chip oh , jordana save I ...! submarine 23rd november 2009 red 97 . oliver fuck off , chip . he launch at he and knock he to the ground . chip what the fuck 's wrong with you ? oliver walk off . chip ( cont 'd ) let I know if you need a hand kill yourself . I be sure you parent would understand . jordana watch . she and oliver share a look . she be stand next to she boyfriend . oliver walk up to she . oliver I be sorry I do not come to the hospital . I think my parent be go to split up and I do not want to look weak or for thing to change . my mum give a handjob to a mystic and also I be worried about the charter . we charter , and rule 3 in particular , but I be wrong . I think I be maybe frighten . I make a mistake . it be wrong . I be full of regret . this be the moment where you leave he and come with I . jordana be it ? 168 169 170 submarine 23rd november 2009 red 98 . oliver yes . be you come ? jordana no ... oliver nod , then run off like a small boy . he run across the school play field he run down a street outside he run down to the beach , up the wall look out and stay there . omitted 168 omitted 169 ext . beach - afternoon 170 oliver stand , look out . he have be cry . his eye be catch by a figure , quite a way off engage in a tug of war with a large greyhound , carry a plastic bag of dog poo . he walk towards the figure , and , as it become more distinct he half -run . he get closer . the figure turn round . it 's jordana . oliver it be you ... I think it might not be but it be . I think this have be like the bit in the film where the protagonist - why have you get a dog ? I think you be allergic to dog . jordanna Oliver - oliver where 's you boyfriend ? jordana he 's not my boyfriend maybe . she try to light she cigarette . it 's windy and the match keep blow out . oliver take out she red lighter and help . they huddle together try to block out the wind . they be closer than jordana would like . he look at she hand as she try to cup the round the lighter . she throw submarine 23rd november 2009 red 99 . oliver you skin 's look bad . ( beat ) you skin 's look terrible . it 's probably the dog . jordana I do not care about my fuck skin . oliver why on earth do you get a new dog ? jordanna because I like dog . okay ? the bag of dog poo at he . jordana why be you such a total dick ? oliver I be not sure . I be cry earlier . look . my eye be probably red . jordana they look normal . oliver oh . maybe my eye do not go red when I cry . jordana you could have tell I about you parent . oliver I know . I should have . jordana you be not the only person in the world . oliver do you think we can work thing out ? jordana I do not really like you anymore . oliver I do not really like I either . but I think I have certain quality . they look at one another . she smile . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 98a . oliver ( cont 'd ) we use to come here do not we ? ask I how deep the ocean be . submarine 23rd november 2009 red 100 . jordana how deep be the ocean ? oliver I know the answer . jordana how deep be it ? oliver I be not go to say . jordana I be break heart oliver the ocean be six mile deep . the tide come in and wet they foot . they both stay there . the end .