suburbicon original screenplay by Joel coen and ethan coen this draft : March 27 , 2007 Black . in black we hear a light , irregular tapping , thin and sharp , as of something tapping against glass . a slow fade - up define crossing slat of wood — a window frame . the pane themselves remain black : it be night . a delay fade - up now define a branch , leafless and twisted , tapping against a pane . we be look out a second -story window . now fade up be the rest of the tree , a tangle of bare branch , sway . and finally the streetlit mansard and eave of a house across the street , solid , suburban . we start to pull back . a junior- scale baseball bat lean against the wall by the window . the continue pullback show a mitt and ball on a bookshelf nearby and other mark of a young boy 's bedroom . under the tapping of the limb , the approach murmur of male voice . we hear footstep on a staircase as the two voice assume distinct character — one placate , one gruff . the murmure end as we hear a door open . a shaft of light cut across the room . only one pair of footstep enter . we track back find and settles on a eight - year - old boy asleep in bed . a hand enter to shake he awake . Voice nicky . wake up . the boy 's eye open . gardner , he father , stand over he in a bathrobe . gardner nicky . .. silhouett in the doorway beyond he be a man in a overcoat . ... you have to get up , son . there be man in the house . the boy climb out of bed and take he father 's hand . upstair hallway nicky hold he father 's hand as they go to the stair . follow behind be the overcoate man , about thirty - five year old , Hispanic , heavy - set . his mustacheless beard and recede hairline accentuate the roundness of he face . we hear a stop-and -start electronic whir from downstairs . gardner we will just do what they tell we and they '!l leave soon . everything will be all right . nicky look back over he shoulder at the man follow behind . the man stare at nicky as he walk . no expression . the three begin to descend the stair . opposite the bannister two rail be sink into the staircase wall . the whirring noise grow louder . gardner this man be just go to look around a little and then they will leave . nicky look through the bannister , descend . the live room below come into view , foreground strobe by baluster . two woman in bathrobe be seat on a flower - print couch . the first be a handsome woman in she early forty — the boy 's mother , Rose . the second be a few year young but be heavier and less attractive — the boy 's aunt , Margaret . both look apprehensively at : a second overcoate man , riding a motorize wheelchair around the live room , stop here and there to poke through drawer and shelf . gardner twitches with anger . gardner get the hell out of there . he let go of nicky 's hand and hurry down the stair . the man in the wheelchair make it pivot to face the stair . he be in he forty , like the other man heavy - set and roundface , but anglo , crew - cut , face shadow by beard - stubble and punctuate with spike of white nostril - and ear-hair . he be ira sloan . ira sloan shaddup . the father stop in the middle of the live room . ... get meat drink . they stare at each other . finally the father turn towards the bar at the back end of the live room . he pour some bourbon into a glass and start toward the man in the wheel - chair . ... ona tray . another exchange of hard look . the father turn back to the bar for a small metal tray , place the drink on it , bring it to ira sloan . ira sloan reach for it . nicky be halt at the foot of the stair . he watch ira sloan . leer at the boy 's father from the wheelchair , ira sloan take the drink from the tray . his hand be glove — a leather drive glove with perforation for breathe and vent at the knuckle . the Hispanic man , Luis colina , push nicky forward into the live room . Luis colina be wear the same drive glove . Luis colina gimme a drink on a tray too . ira sloan step up out of the wheelchair . he push the wheelchair toward the couch . at the bar gardner finish pour the second drink and turn . ira sloan do not give that to he . get mean when he 's drunk . gardner look back and forth between the two man . Luis colina give it here . gardner look at ira sloan , who shrug . ira sloan all right . you fuck responsibility . gardner cross the live room to hand over the drink . gardner what do you want to do ? let 's get this over with . Luis colina be take a sip from he drink . Luis colina what 's the hurry , get a appointment ? ira sloan he 's get a appointment . he 's get a social appointment . Luis colina where 's the toilet ? ira sloan forget that . let 's quit fuck around and go . Nick look at ira sloan stride toward he mother . beneath he overcoat be what seem like uniform pants , blue with a darker blue satin stripe run down the seam to a pair of shiny black lace - up boot . at the couch now , ira sloan bend down towards the older woman , he head close to hers , almost as if to kiss she . ira sloan just put you arm around my neck . she do . gardner T will do that . ira sloan scoops she off the couch . ira sloan why do not you just shut up . she do not mind . as he carry she over to the wheelchair : ... you do not mind , do ya mar ’am ? Rose ira sloan she do not mind . Luis colina tell I where the toilet be . I gotta pee like there 's no tamarra . Margaret through the hall on the leave . Luis colina thank you mar ’am . nicky walk over to he mother and watch Luis colina leave . he be also wear the blue dress pants and black lace - up boot . Nick put a hand on he mother 's arm . Luis colina 's exit have leave a lull in the talk . finally : ira sloan if I be you I have keep a eye on that guy . he 's , uh , whadda they say , he 's loco , ya know , he 's outta he fuck mind . and he 's get a weight problem . he lean in confidentially to gardner : ... you do not think that be he first drink , do ya ? Rose how can we keep he away from nicky ? ira sloan shrug indifference : ira sloan beat I . gardner we have a understanding , correct — Luis colina ( laugh as he reenter ) a understanding , yeah . he be carry a blue bath mat and a match blue toilet seat cover in one hand . a dark metal box be tuck under he other arm . he wave the toilet seat cover . ... this one-size-fit - all ? Margaret yes , it 's , uh ... standard . Standard size . Luis colina it better be . how 's this thing work ? he hold up a tivo box , its cord dangle . gardner you . . . it record you television program to a hard drive but — Luis colina off the cable ? gardner yes but you have to up - re to high def — you have to — Luis colina ah fuck it . he drop the box clatter to the floor . ira sloan let 's quit fuck around . basement staircase as its light be switch on . two rail , like that on the upper staircase , run the length of the stair . at the head of the stair gardner wheel Rose onto the platform that travel on the piping . gardner we have a agreement , do not we , that if we clarkate no harm will come to we . ira sloan yeah we get a agreement but I be not God , you know what I mean ? gardner ( carefully ) no , I be not sure I do . ira sloan well , that make two of we . minute later nicky and the rest of the family be in the home 's finish basement , a rec room with a pool table , old television set , etc . all four be seat . gardner and Margaret be already bound hand and foot . ira sloan be now work on Rose as nicky look on , seat next to she . as ira sloan finish a knot : ira sloan that more comfortable for ya , mar ’am ? Rose I be fine . just ... please , do not hurt we . you promise you would not hurt we . ira sloan would we bother to tie you up if we be gonna hurt ya ? it 's a question that answer itself . he look at she for a moment . ... you must think we be pretty sick . a couple a animal . be that what you think ? she do not answer . ira sloan 's tone sharpen : ... lasked you a question . smart guy . gardner no no , she do not think that . ira sloan shaddup . I have have enough from you . do not tell she what she think . Rose no , I do not think that . ira sloan have finish on Rose . he straighten up , glance over at Margaret . ira sloan you be pretty quiet over there . she do not say anything . ... what do you think about all this ? Margaret I ... I be sure you will not hurt we . ira sloan smile , stoops down to start tie up nicky . ira sloan Lady , you be not in a position to be sure about anything . he be think out loud . ... anyway , you make I sick . Rose do you have to tie he up ? ira sloan Jesus Christ , think about it for a minute . it 's a question that answer itself . a cel phone ring . ira sloan and Luis colina look at each other , uncertain . a beat . Luis colina reach into he pocket and take out a phone . he squint at its display : gombrich . Luis colina shit . I gotta get this . ira sloan you be shittin’ I . Luis colina Nah , it 's all right . ira sloan you gotta be fuckin 's — Luis colina Nah , it 's all right . just keep it down . no one talk . he flip open the phone , he other hand hold up toward ira sloan for silence . hey man ... not much . . . just , you know , on the job . .. I know . .. iknow . .. okay . you too , man . have a good one . he flip the phone shut and look at Rose . ... you get a bathroom down here ? ira sloan what ? you gotta pee again ? what be you so fuck nervous about ? he straighten up from nicky , a little nervous himself . ... just give I the chloroform . Luis colina hand he a bottle . ira sloan take out he handkerchief , soak it , and head for Margaret . ... we will start with the auntie over here . shut up she yapping . " auntie em , auntie em ... " he hold the handkerchief over she mouth . just breathe normal . she struggle before pass out . ... God , I love that fuck movie . nicky shrink back in he chair , watch . 10 ira sloan be move for the father . as he put the handkerchief over he mouth , Rose start to wail . Rose no. . . please do not ... ira sloan shutup you . no more talk . as gardner pass out , he turn and walk towards the mother . as nicky watch the man approach he mother he start to struggle violently and cry . he be writhe in he chair as much as the rope will allow . Luis colina do the kid . he 's freaking out . ira sloan fuck you . you do he . a pair of hand come into frame with a red bandana soak in chloroform . nicky struggle , toss he head , make it impossible for Luis colina to press the rag over he face . ira sloan stand behind he mother with a handkerchief . her eye be on he . Luis colina just settle down , kid . Rose be gentle with — ira sloan be press the kerchief over she mouth . ira sloan we be just gonna send he to Oz ... nicky , still struggle , look at he mother . ... it will bea riot . Luis colina get he hand over nicky 's mouth . he settles down . 11 his mother be pass out , she head lolling onto she chest . ira sloan re-soak he handkerchief , grab she by the hair , pull she head back and clamp the kerchief over she mouth again . nicky start to struggle again , but Luis colina have he rag firmly over he mouth now . he see ira sloan with he kerchief over he mother 's mouth . his eye start to droop . he see he mother 's leg . they be start to tremble . the picture begin to fade . Luis colina Jesus , Jesus ... offsccreen , muffle , mixing down : ira sloan if you be gonna puke do it in the bathroom . Fucking greaseball . .. fade to black fade in : hospital emergency waiting room a middle - age black man hold a blood -soak towel around he arm , wait for attendance . in the background we can hear the squeak of rubber - sole shoe on linoleum , a echoing PA system occasionally paging a doctor , etc . nicky , sit opposite the injure man , be stare at he . he be pale , draw , exhaust . he look down the hall . near the door to the wait room , he father stand listen to a short Oriental doctor whose word be barely discernible : Doctor — she 's on a respirator and we be profuse she , but , frankly , the prognosis be not good . chloroform 's a progressive depressant . it work on the motor and usually just have a temporary narcotic effect , but obviously you 12 wife respire a lot more of the stuff . . . nicky look away , the doctor 's voice continue in the background as a muffle drine . the black man seat across from he look at he impassively . fade out fade in waiting room later . nicky be waking up as we hear a door open offscreen . he rub he eye , look across the room . the chair where the black man have be sit be now empty . there be a few drop of blood on the linoleum floor next to the chair . on either side of nicky , gardner and Margaret rise from they chair . nicky 's eye follow they as they leave frame . he edge apprehensively forward . his father and aunt be talk to the doctor . his voice be mute , solemn . Margaret start sobbing . gardner , nodd meaninglessly , look at the doctor , look at nicky . he start slowly across the room towards nicky . nicky , watch he father approach , sink back into he chair . fade out cemetery a sleek wooden coffin be be hydraulically lower into a grave . as it slip down it reveal the member of the family and other mourner stand on the far lip of the grave . Nick be flanke on one side by gardner and on the other by a stocky man with a solid gut — Nick 's uncle Mitch . Nick mutely watch the coffin be lower as the priest intone a prayer . the hydraulics lowering the coffin make the same sound as the staircase wheelchair . the coffin come to rest at the bottom of the grave . the priest have finish speak . a scoopful of dirt hit the top of the coffin . 13 gardner hand the scoop to Margaret . she shovel some dirt into the grave , then break down . gardner put a consol arm around she and lead she away . nicky watch they . his father give Margaret a consol kiss . nicky turn back toward the grave . uncle Mitch scoops some dirt into it , then take a small flower from he lapel and toss it down onto the coffin . cemetery road nicky , gardner , Mitch and Margaret be approach the family limo . the priest be hurry to meet they . Priest please remember , gardner , if there 's anything you need , do not hesitate to call I . Rose be a very brave woman and ... Mitch , mutter , draw nicky away while gardner and Margaret talk to the priest . Mitch 's accent be bronx work - class . Mitch full a shit . come on , nicky , let 's you and I take a little walk . nicky yes sir . they start walk down the drive . Mitch this fuck Episcopalian priest . Jesus Christ . they do not give two shit about spiritual guidance and family and the concern of , you know . the bereaved . you know what they be thinkin’ about nicky ? nicky no sir . Mitch they next martini . 14 nicky yes sir . Mitch that 's what this guy drink . with a fuckin’ gahnish . what a suhvice . a goddamn travesty . you mother be a fuckin’ catlick , nicky —excuse I . I be upset . we be all upset . he wipe a eye , shake he head . she be a catlick . until she be hijacked . my sister be hijacked by a goddamn wasp . you know what a wasp be ? never mind . just rememba : you mutha be a catlick . and that make you a catlick . not a goddamn wasp . Jesus Christ . that suhvice . and what be with that seurmon . it 's like he do not even know huh , that fuckin’ priest . a bunch of inane verbiage . he coulda be talkin’ about anybody . this people have no soul , no value . thank god they drink or they have control everything . they get they eye on the ball , nicky . which be money . people think it 's Jews think about money all the time . no . it 's this people . nicky yes sir . Mitch when you be older you 's will understand . he look at nicky and finally seem to realize he be talk to a eight - year-old . he smile , reach out and pinch nicky 's nose between the middle knuckle of he index and middle finger . . .. who 's get ya nose , ya fuckin’ kid , ya ? nicky you do , uggle Mitch . Mitch release nicky 's nose . Mitch who love ya like a son ? nicky ( rub the color back into he nose ) 15 daddy do . Mitch ( undaunted ) yeah , well , who else ? nicky you do , uncle Mitch . Mitch be take coin out of he pocket and slip they into various pocket of nicky 's suit . Mitch who let 's you keep all the coin that stay in ya pocket ? Mitch be scoop nicky off the ground with one arm around he waist . nicky you do , uncle Mitch . Mitch take one of nicky 's ankle in one hand , then the other ankle in the other hand . with the boy now dangle upside down , Mitch start shaking he vigorously . apparently it be a ritual of long stand . Mitch goddamn , kid , you weigh a fuck ton . coin be jangling out of nicky 's pocket and spin on the asphalt beneath he . limo interior gardner sit with Margaret in the back of they limo , now tooling down the street . gardner damn it . just once I have like to see you brother show a little sense . .. through the windshield of the limousine we see Mitch , stand in the middle of the road , give frantic but comically silent bounce to the upside - down nicky . . .. just once I have like to see that . exterior limo 16 as it pull up next to Mitch . the back door open as Mitch let the boy back to the ground . Margaret come on , kid . nicky scramble into the car but Mitch be on he hand and knee , pick coin off the pavement . his face be flushed from the exertion . Mitch hold you hoss , maggie , I be pay for the limousine . interior limo nicky be seat between gardner and Margaret . Mitch face they , he back to the driver . at the cut we hear only the hum of the engine . the awkward silence inside the car be finally break by gardner : gardner nicky , we have decide that it would be best if you auntie Margaret stay with we for awhile . you have like that , would not you ? nicky do not say anything . he stare out the window at the bleak cemetery slip by . Mitch if I do not have a business to run , by God I have stay too . would you like that , son ? nicky look out the window , silent . Margaret he 's have a bad shock . he do not want to talk now . I think he just need some time . Mitch take a small flask of whisky out of he coat pocket , unscrew the cap and take a long drought . he offer it to gardner . gardner no thanks , Mitch . Mitch 17 do ya good . gardner no thanks . Mitch shrug and take another swig . he burp , then sigh and look out the window . he grimace at a think . angrily , to no one : Mitch what be with that suhvice ? silence . Mitch come to . he look across the limo at the family . Mitch I will promise you one thing , gahdnuh . if I ever get my hand on the cocksuckas that do that to rosie , I be gonna fuckin’ peel ’em back from they asshole . just right inside the fuck out , sittin theh with theh fuckin gut hangin out — Margaret ( sharply ) Mitch . Mitch look at she , puzzle , then follow she glance to the child . his gaze drift off again . again he face cloud . Mitch . .. what be with that suhvice ? nicky 's bedroom night we be close on nicky asleep in bed . the thin , sharp tapping sound . . . the muffle voice of the two killer , echoing , dreamlike . . . footstep approach on the staircase , and the sound of he bedroom door open — nicky bolt upright in bed , sweat , and the noise abruptly stop . he look over at the door : not open . hallway light leak from underneath . but , from downstairs , a brief exchange of male voice and the sound of a door close , a heavy door , like the front door of the house . be it real ? 18 nicky be breathe hard . slowly he climb out of bed and pad across the room to the door , listen . the hallway we be on the door to nicky 's bedroom ; it slowly open and Nick peer cautiously out . the hallway be empty . Nick emerge from the bedroom and head for the stairway . we hear gardner 's muffle voice , then silence . Nick start down the stair . his point-of-view : bannister rail strobe in the foreground ; the foremost part of the live room be come into view ; the backmost part be still hide in by we high perspective . Nick slowly descend . nicky dad ...? his drop point-of-view show more of the live room ; finally a pair of leg come into view and then the rest of gardner , stride into the foremost part of the live room , look up the stair . Ice cube click in the drink he hold . gardner nicky . how long have you be there ? nicky ... thad a bad dream . gardner look off screen . gardner maggie ? we hear footstep and Margaret enter frame from the back of the live room , wear a rumple bathrobe . she look up at nicky . Margaret what 's the matter , angel ? 19 gardner he have a nightmare . uh ... maggie will put you to bed . Margaret have already start up the stair , extend she hand towards nicky . Margaret come along , sweetheart . auntie '! tuck you in . the bedroom nicky scramble into bed . Margaret start tucking in the cover . Margaret there 's nothing to be afraid of any more , nicky . nicky I know . Margaret do you say you prayer before you go to sleep ? nicky umm ... I forget . Margaret well that 's probably why you have nightmare . shall we say one together ? nicky uh-huh Margaret which one do you say ? nicky we Father who art in heaven . . . Margaret recite with he : nicky and Margaret hallow be thy name ; thy kingdom come , thy will be do on earth as it be in heaven . give we this day we daily bread , 20 and forgive we we trespasp as we forgive that who trespass against we . and lead we not into temptation , but deliver we from evil . Margaret amen . she stroke nicky 's hair . ... you know when you talk to God you talk to you mother too , because you mother be with God now . nicky yes mar ’am . Margaret you mother be with God , but you daddy and I and uncle Mitch be still with you . nicky yes mar ’am . Margaret and we love you . nicky okay . .. his eye be drift shut . ... aunt Margaret ? Margaret yes , nicky . nicky be you a catlick ? Margaret Catholic ? yes. 21 nicky ( drowsily ) okay . .. aunt Margaret ? Margaret yes. nicky they be . . . wear the same pants . Margaret who , angel ? Nick that man . .. who come in . . . the house . his eye flutter open . Margaret be gaze down at he , she mouth slightly open , expressionless . after a beat she smile , reassuringly . his eye start to droop again . they slowly close and we : fade out bathroom morning we be close on gardner . he be lean into a a medicine cabinet mirror , dress in a crisp white shirt with he necktie throw over he right shoulder . he be carefully clipping he nosehair with a small hoffritz scissors . we hear a bang at the door . Margaret if Nick do not hurry up he 's go to miss the bus . gardner Ill drop he on the way to the train . the foot of the staircase gardner lean in shrugging on he topcoat . 22 gardner come on Nick ! get the lead out . the STREET gardner pull nicky briskly down the street . gardner be carry a leather attaché case . Nick carry a lunchbox . gardner turn off the sidewalk to cut through a neighbor golf course . the golf course as Nick and gardner cross a green . gardner be set a brisk pace , now several yard in front of nickey . it be early morning . the light be soft and low ground fog still cover the golf course . gardner pause at the top of a rise to wait for Nick . as Nick approach we hear a sudden chicha-chicha-chicha as a dozen automatic sprinkler sprout on the fairway below . the mist from the sprinkler halate in the early sun . Nick pause beside gardner . gardner put a hand on top of the boy 's head as they both stare down at the sprinkler , the one hold a briefcase , the other a lunchbox . after a long beat : gardner God , life be a joke . fade out elevator gardner stand at the back of the elevator , wear a dark suit , carry a briefcase . the elevator door open to admit two more passenger . passenger gardner , welcome back . he grab gardner hand and press it between both of he . 23 ... sorry to hear about you loss . gardner thanks Roger . Roger shift awkwardly , then indicate the young executive he enter with . Roger gardner , this be Robert Hughes , a new account executive . Bob , this be gardner Lodge , financial v.p. gardner glad to meet you . Robert Hughes likewise . sorry we could not have meet under more , uh . . . Roger ( jump in ) scoot up to eight to introduce Bob to the maniac . . . he glance at he watch . ... damn . trouble with that Creative people be they be never in before eight - thirty . tracking Pov through office area Linda , the secretary outside of gardner 's office , be just get to she foot . Linda I be so sorry , Mr. Lodge . gardner thanks , Linda . Linda I be so sorry . gardner what do we have today ? 24 Linda nothing right away . Mr. pappas would like to see you whenever . . . well , whenever . . . gardner thanks . tracking through a lavishly appoint executive suite . a logo on the wall read " pappas & swain " . a tall , deeply tan man be walk towards the camera with he arm extend for a embrace . gardner extend he hand to be shake . Ed pappas smoothly avoid trouble by bring he hand together to wrap around gardner 's , then turn and drape a arm around gardner 's shoulder and lead he away . pappas gardner . so sorry to hear about you loss . gardner thanks , ed. pappas yeah , well come inside . we will have a talk . hold my call , Virginia . pappas 's office gardner be sit into a chair that face the large mahogany desk ; pappas perches on the edge of the desk face gardner . he look at gardner . gardner look at he . there be a long , awkward silence . finally pappas bring he fist up to chest level and give it a short , emphatic wave , smile . pappas yeah . there be another pause . after a moment he repeat the gesture and phrase 25 ... yeah . gardner I be fine , Ed . pappas yeah , I know it ... still wear a encourage smile : ... okay , let go ! we be in there with ya . he give he fist another emphatic shake : ... we be in there . another silence . gardner rise . gardner thanks , ed. pappas beam . pappas okay ! gardner 's office he sit behind he desk , stare off into space . after a long moment the intercom buzze and he lean forward . gardner yeah . Linda 's Voice phil bigelow on seven . gardner hit a button on the phone and lean back with the receiver . gardner hi , phil. 26 Voice gardner . no bullshit , just heartfelt condolence . gardner thanks , phil . Voice right . I will not keep you , just hang in there . gardner right . he hang up . he look off into space . another intercom buzz . gardner yeah . Linda 's Voice John sear on six . he punch a phone button and lean back with the receiver . gardner John . agitate Voice gardner , Jesus , how be you ? gardner well — agitate Voice I be so goddamn sorry , I ... 1 ... there be a long silence . finally : — oh , God , gardner , I do not know what to say ! gardner that 's all right , John . 27 agitate Voice God , gardner ! gardner thanks , John . sear 's voice continue , faint and tinny , as gardner lean forward to cradle the phone . he hit the intercom switch . gardner hold my call , Linda . Linda 's Voice yes sir . he sink wearily back into he chair . his eye close . a tear run down he cheek . as he have rock back in he chair , he foot under the desk dangle above the floor . more tear drop from under he close eye . suddenly he eye open . he look down at he desk . he open a top drawer and take out two spring - tension hand grip . he start squeezing they , one in each hand . we be wide on the office as gardner settles back in he chair , once again close he eye , still weep , hold he hand out at either side and squeezing the grip , he foot dangle . the only sound over the drine of the air-conditioner be the squeak - squeak - squeak of the spring grip . there be a harsh buzz from the intercom . gardner lean for the intercom . hoarsely : gardner no call , Linda . Linda 's Voice sorry Mr. Lodge , but I think you might want this one . 28 the rowahton police department . gardner ... okay , I will take it . he set the grip down on the desktop and rub he eye , try to compose himself . he pick up the phone . gardner yes ? Voice Mr. Lodge ? gardner yes ? Voice this be Officer gale hightower of the rowahton p.d . right off the bat I gotta tell ya I be sorry about you wife . gardner thank you — hightower the other thing be I get a couple guy here I have like you to look at . stamford police pick ’em up last night and send ’em down here ' cause they more or less fit you description , male Hispanic and a white guy — gardner they have be catch ?! hightower now do not get too anxious there , Mr. Lodge ; nobody 's be catch unless you say they have . this be just two clown pick up for try to kill each other , just a brawl , but , ya know . .. gardner well . . . what do you want I to do ? hightower take a look at they . ya know , if you have be so kind and all that . . . 29 gardner stare blankly down at the top of the desk . ... you still there pal ? gardner it will ... it will take I a little while to get there . hightower hey , they be not go anywhere . precinct house gardner sit in a fold chair in the precinct wait room . a black hand enter frame , extend for a handshake . Voice Mr. Lodge ? Lt. hightower . gardner look up at the tall middle - age black man and smile weakly . hightower 's hand be still extend . gardner you be , uh — hightower I be the law around here . go ahead , it will not rub off . gardner hastily rise and reach for the hand . pulling gardner and hightower they walk down a busy corridor in the police station . hightower hate to go over old ground , but be you sure there be not any cash in the house the night of the break - in ? gardner hardly any . why ? hightower well , this two moron have a lot of dough on ’em when 30 they be pick up . especially the male Hispanic . well they be both male . hey Mr. Lodge , you be brother - in - law , um ... gardner Mitch ? egan ? hightower yeah , he —very well - intentioned , I be sure , but —he 's call a few time , check on the progress , offer some suggestion — gardner he use to be a cop . hightower uh-huh , he mention that . Seven or eight time . use the word '' professional courtesy '' maybe what , ten or twelve time . the point be , I always try to be polite . I be a public servant , you know . but you be brother - in - law be a fuck pain in the ass . gardner vl ... pl get he to calm down . hightower you know , that would be very helpful . so okay , so this two schmeggegge — that 's what you call ’em , right ? gardner what ? I be ... I be Episcopalian . hightower yeah whatever , if you could just take a look . I have a squad car pick up you sister - in - law too . . . hightower be just open a door to a small room with a glass wall at one end . Margaret , a worried expression on she face , stand hold nicky 's hand , next to a police hightower 31 ... [ think she should see this . by the way , sorry about you wife . I mention that , right ? gardner look down at nicky and freeze . he look up at Margaret . gardner be you crazy ? Margaret he be afraid to stay home alone . gardner ( to hightower ) must he be subject to this ? hightower shrug . hightower beat I . how ya do , junior ? nicky okay . hightower wanna wait outside for a few minute ? nicky I be okay . hightower look at gardner and shrug again . hightower I think it 's okay . gardner well I do not think it 's okay ! I do not think it 's okay that he 's be have nightmare ! I do not think it 's okay that he should have to see this people again ! be you people sadist down here ? nicky I do not mind look at ‘em , dad . gardner stare at hightower . the policeman sigh , stretch he hand out to nicky . 32 hightower better wait out in the hall , kid . we will only be a minute . he lead nicky out the door of the view room , shut it behind he . . .. kid love police work , what can I tell ya . why do not you folk sit down . as they do so , hightower cut the light in the view room and speak through the intercom next to the light panel . . .. ready for the swimsuit competition . the glass wall to the far side of the room show a brightly light platform , a door at the back of which be now be open by a uniform policeman . six bored - look man enter and mill vaguely about . hightower ( into the intercom ) just line up on that black tape on the floor , gentleman . they fall in . gardner look . ira sloan and Luis colina be among the six man , Luis colina now with a discolor eye , ira sloan with a splint middle finger . as gardner continue to look through the glass without any visible reaction , we hear a door open . a wedge of light open across the darken view room . the form of hightower , gardner , Margaret and the police matron be reflect in the glass that separate the two room . up on the platform , ira sloan raise he hand to shield he eye from the overhead , squinting out at the view room . hightower call over he shoulder : hightower keep it shut please . . . he turn to look back up at the platform . he hit the intercom . ... could we offer you some opera glass ? 33 ira sloan drop he hand from he eye , pause to curl a fist and show he splinter middle finger to the policeman . the view - room door be ease shut on its hydraulic stop . nicky now stand just inside the door , against the back wall of the room . the view room return to semi-darkness as the door close ; the back of the head of he father and aunt and the policeman be foreground silhouettes block he view of the brightly light line -up hightower ( to gardner ) well ... ? gardner shake he head . gardner no . nicky rise to he tip-to to get a better view . hightower ... ma ’am ? nicky shift and crane he neck . the line - up be now in view . ira sloan and Luis colina , look bored , gaze out . nicky 's eye widen . he look at he father , open he mouth to speak , be interrupt : hightower turn to you right , fella . .. you in the middle , speak English ? you right . El righto , get I ? he turn from the intercom to Margaret , wait for she confirmation . she still sit mute . gardner too look at she , expectantly . hightower turn up a palm . . .. come on dear , you be not pick out wallpaper . Margaret turn and look at he levelly . Margaret 34 no . they be not there . I just want to be sure . nicky , astound , look from she to he father . nicky dad . ..? gardner turn abruptly to see nicky for the first time . gardner what be you do here ? he turn to hightower : ... what be he do in here ? he stride over to nicky : ... come on . this be not for you . hightower glance casually back over he shoulder , then look at the matron . hightower Sarah , take he out and keep he out , will ya ? and you stick around , Mr. L . he lean back to the intercom the policewoman take nicky 's hand and start lead he out of the room . nicky look back over he shoulder . nicky dad . .. I gotta ... hightower no winner tonight . sorry boy , I know how bad you want that scholarship — we be tracking back out of the view room . hightower be hunch over he intercom . gardner stand roote to the spot , stare at nicky . Beyond he the line - up man be filing out the platform door . in the foreground the view - room door hiss shut on its stop . 35 car nicky sit in the front seat between gardner , drive , and Margaret . for a long while nobody speak and we hear only the drine of the engine . nicky , motionless , stare straight ahead through the windshield . finally , look as they pass a gas station : gardner never think I have live to see the day gas hit three dollar . more drive in silence . then : Margaret Mrs. najarian send some flower . gardner she 's 's fine woman . . . we owe the najarian a dinner . Margaret the stout also . gardner not on the same night , though . herb and thayer do not get along . Margaret oh . well just let I know when you think it 's proper to start entertaining . . . I be just reread some of " life race " — that book you give I . gardner yeah , Dr. , uh . . . Margaret Evan maslansky . you know how he talk about life be a series of race , where you have to triumph in each one before you proceed to the next . gardner Margaret Evan say that when you find a terrible hurdle in one of you life race , you can either remove it or choose another 36 life Race ... she look cautiously at nicky , who do not seem to be listen . ... well I just think we be be test , gardner . gardner — hmm ? I be sorry , I be not listen . Margaret well . . . I be just rambling , I guess . silence . finally , as they pass another gas station . gardner I will tell you one thing . I never think I have see gas hit three dollar . nicky suddenly lunge across Margaret 's lap and claw for the handle of she door . gardner nicky ! what the hell be you — Margaret angel ! gardner , not understanding what be go on , have not slowed the car . as nicky 's foot unintentionally kick at he , he fight to control the car . nicky start vomit into Margaret 's lap . luis colina driving . he respond to a vibrate hum , squint at he phone . gombrich . Luis colina shit . he flip it open . hey man . 37 gombrich 's Voice hey . wuddya doin’ , Luis . Luis colina nothin . on my way home . gombrich 's Voice driving ? Luis colina uh-huh . gombrich that 's illegal . driving , talk on a cel phone . that 's a big no - no . Luis colina well shit , man — gombrich no , I be serious . that 's a violation . Luis colina well — I see it be you , man ! I be gonna not answer ? thass not good either . gombrich I could red - tag you file . it 's a violation . Luis colina well shit , okay , I be hangin 's up — gombrich do not you fuck hang up on I ! Luis colina okay , what ? okay , okay , okay I be pull over . he continue drive . ... one second . okay ... he continue drive . ... okay , whassup . 38 gombrich I wanna see you at you residence in fifteen minute . get you ass in gear . luis colina 's apartment we push over Luis colina 's shoulder as he push open a door to enter a apartment that be a pandemonium of child yell ( the older one ) and bawling ( the young ) . a diaper child sit in the middle of the live room bang on the floor with a dirty fry pan . a Hispanic woman scream : woman where the fuck have you be ? you be go like twenty - four hour , this be how we do it now ? you fuck asshole ! Luis colina everything be good , baby . a buzzer sound . ... shit , thass he already . woman everything be good except that you be a fuck asshole ! Luis colina press a button set into a intercom by the door . Luis colina okay now do not yell at I with the guy here . woman the what guy ! the what fuck guy ! Luis colina it 's Ernie . it 's my p.o. , man . child it 's the pee guy ! 39 Luis colina okay now do not call he that . when he 's here . another child lula 's pee-guy be here ! a knock at the door . woman that guy 's a fuck creep . third child lula 's pee-guy be here ! Luis colina shut the fuck up ! he open the door to Ernie gombrich , who wear a short - sleeve sport shirt and khaki pants and sneaker . ... come on in . gombrich hey Luis . Luis colina mi casa es su casa . gombrich enter , look around . gombrich no thanks . where you be , Luis ? Luis colina oh , you know . gombrich uh-huh . silence . what the fuck do that mean ? Luis colina oh , you know , just ... on the job , man . play with the 40 kiddie . a hoot from the woman . gombrich nod , still gaze around . gombrich great , that 's great ... he absently pull a empty baby - food size bottle from he shirt and unscrew its cap and hand it to Luis . . .. so you be not down at the rowahton precinct house this morning ? Luis colina stare at he . a beat . Luis colina well yeah I be there . beat . ... briefly . gombrich yeah , you fuckin’ lie to I about where you be — Luis colina I do not lie , man ! it be , you know , beneath notice ! gombrich beneath notice . be you gonna pee in that or what . Luis colina yeah , it be all a fuck mistake , they bring we in — they bring I in for a line - up , some crazy shit that be not I in the first place , I do not know — gombrich Luis , let I ’splain something . you know three strike you be out ? they play baseball in — where you from ? 41 Luis colina Caracas . gombrich Caracas . be that where they make the — be that where the musical instrument 's from ? Luis colina whuh ? could be , I — whuh instrument ? gombrich shake he hand , go chicka-chicka , illustrate . gombrich Caracas . woman thass castanet you fuck moron . Luis colina shut the fuck up ! gombrich no , the shaker — oh yeah , I guess it be castanet . anyway , three strike , that 's the rule here , three strike you be out . I red - tag you file , you go back to attica , ya know , do not pass go . you gonna pee in that , what 's the matter , you want I to hold it for you ? woman you sick . Luis colina shut the fuck up ! yeah , I take it to the bathroom . gombrich no no , here . you know how we do . Luis colina not in front of the —oh , fuck . he go to a corner of the room and turn he back . ... do not look kid . lula 's get he dick out . 42 bathroom we be close on the bathtub faucet drip into the fill tub . nicky lie in the tub , watch the water drip . there be a knock on the door and he look up . nicky dad ? gardner walk in . he look down at nicky and shut the door behind he . gardner be dress in a three - piece business suit that look too warm for the steam - up bathroom . gardner so how’re you feel , son ? nicky I be okay . gardner look awkwardly around , then perches on the edge of the toilet . gardner Fine , fine . it 's be a rough day . how be you little league practice ? nicky I guess it be okay . I work on my stance . gardner well good . that 's fine . that 's just fine ... rising to leave : ... well you keep work on that stance . nicky dad ? gardner turn . his glass be beginning to fog . ... how come you say it be not they ? gardner freeze . 43 gardner ... it be not who ? nicky 's wet hair be plaster to he head . nicky it be not the . . . the robber who . . . who kill mom . gardner start to sweat in the heat of the close bathroom . gardner nicky , do you see the line -up ? nicky I see — gardner because that certainly be not the . . . robber . it certainly be not . nicky but — gardner Young man , I want you to understand something . people walk into my office every day who say they have meet I and I do not remember they at all . . . he work himself up : . .. sometimes I see people I think I know and yet they tell I later that we have never even meet . maybe they look like someone else , maybe they talk like someone else , maybe they be related — nicky but dad , I — gardner my point be that it 's a very shady business , this who you know and who you do not know , often one be mistaken — very much mistaken and -- and I be tell you I get a good look at that clown and I have never see they before . nicky 44 uncle Mitch promise if I ever — gardner 's voice rise , almost break : gardner uncle Mitch do not matter ! he 's a buffoon ! nicky shrink . gardner bring himself up short and compose himself . notice that he glass be fogge he remove they and take a handkerchief out of he pocket . nicky watch . from somewhere downstairs , we hear Margaret start to sing . her voice , filter up into the utter quiet of the bathroom , have a eerie clarity . she be sing " please release I . " gardner start to clean he glass , the handkerchief squeaking against the glass . ... this be a family matter , and I do not want you talk to uncle Mitch about it . be that understand . nicky yes sir . gardner turn to leave . gardner it 's a terrible , terrible tragedy . dispatching office of the city bus system . Route map cover the cubicle 's wall ; schedule and papers clutter the desk of the shirt - sleeve supervisor who work there , clement greenberg . on he desk be a shellack wood knickknack that show the twin tower in flame and say '' United we stand / America . '' ira sloan be enter the cubicle . he wear a mta uniform . ira sloan yeah ? greenberg look up . greenberg 45 you be late again yesterday morning . ira sloan yeah ? greenberg where be you ? ira sloan overslept . you wife forget to wake I . greenberg funny . ( tap a file ) I be lookin’ at this , sloan . you show up late . you show up drunk . you show up hung-over . ira sloan yeah , well . you show up full a shit . greenberg okay . Fine . that 's it ? ira sloan that 's it what ? greenberg that 's all you have get to say ? ira sloan stand there look bored . greenberg sigh . ... okay . you be be fire for cause . ira sloan I get a labor union . greenberg yeah ? see if they can get you a licence . you B - 2 's gonna be revoke . ira sloan stiffen . ira sloan . .. what ? greenberg it 's arumor I hear . you be go . ( go back to he 46 paperwork ) I already clean out you locker . ira sloan you fuck . greenberg uh-huh . ira sloan glare at he . when he speak again , it be carefully : ira sloan there be a. . . a thing in my locker . this bring clement greenberg 's look up . greenberg oh yeah ? ira sloan yeah . greenberg do you have a permit for it ? the two man stare at each other . at length : ira sloan that thing be mine . clement greenberg hold the stare . greenberg gee . I do not see a ... thing . why do not you report it steal . ira sloan finally break the look and turn to the door . he turn back to the desk with a afterthought . he spit on the papers strewn across it . he turn back for the door . ira sloan Big man . clement fuckin greenberg . interior of CITY bus 47 it slowly cruise down the street . Luis colina be drive . he pull over to a bus shelter where a elderly woman wait . the door hiss open . the elderly woman gingerly step in , take the stair a cautious step at a time . as she reach the top step , Luis colina look beyond she at the open door . ira sloan , still in he mta uniform , approach the doorway . Luis colina panic and reach for the door lever . the door hiss shut . ira sloan have one hand inside . Luis colina hit the gas . the bus lurch away . ira sloan 's hand slip out the door . Luis colina be cruise out into traffic . we hear ira sloan 's muffle shout recede outside . Luis colina look in he side mirror . ira sloan run down the street after the bus , shouting , arm pump at he side . from the back of the bus : Voice Driver ! that be my stop ! the passenger all look apprehensively at Luis colina . more voice Driver ! Driver ! the elderly woman who get on at the last stop be sway precariously in the middle of the aisle . which way will she fall ? Luis colina look from he rear-view mirror through the windshield . up ahead the next traffic light be turn red . he reluctantly slow the bus to a halt . he look in he side mirror . behind he the street be empty . at the sound of a loud smack , he head whip around toward the door . ira sloan have one hand sly between the two door bumper and be pound on the glass with the other . 48 Luis colina 's hand move to the door lever , hesitates for a moment , then pull . the door hiss open . as ira sloan climb the step : Luis colina what do you want , man ? ira sloan slap at he awkwardly . ira sloan what be you doin 's ? Luis colina push back . Luis colina what do you want ? Luis colina reach a baseball bat from where it be tuck upright next to he seat . ira sloan what 's that . Luis colina it 's my whacker , man . in case a whacko get on the bus . ira sloan oh yeah ? Luis colina thass right , man . ira sloan a whacko get on the bus every time you drive . come on , outside . both man have they hand up , Luis colina with the bat , each wait to see what the other will do . a stare beat . finally , bat in hand : Luis colina 49 I be on the job , man . ira sloan outside . . . he lower he hand and take one step back . ... come on . Friends . put away the fishbat . whacko . whacker . Luis colina relent . he tuck the bat back behind the seat and rise cautiously and suck under the handrail . as he start down the step , ira sloan be push he from behind . Voice Driver , be we move on ? exterior the bus be halt on a busy street . ira sloan gesticulates angrily . ira sloan they take away my fuck B - 2 . what do you think about that . and clement greenberg stole my fuckin piece . Luis colina come on , man , I can not do anything . I be sorry . ira sloan sorry do not get I back my B - 2 . or my gun . Luis colina well I be sorry . come on , man , I be on the job . a puzzle - look middle - age business man take a tentative step out of the bus . ira sloan get back in that bus . Luis colina ( reasonably ) this be not a stop , man . the business man get back in the bus . 50 ira sloan I lose my fuckin job . we gotta get the rest of we money . Luis colina hey look , he do not wanna pay we yet . he be not gonna pay we the rest yet . ira sloan we talk to he again , believe I he will pay we . Luis colina he say a month , man , what 's a month . a deal 's a deal . ira sloan fuckin kid see we at the station house be not part of the deal . deal 's off , man . it 's payday . Luis colina look nervously at he watch . Luis colina I be ten minute off my route , man . ira sloan we be gonna go see he . and stop try to avoid I . I be not get the bucolic plague . Luis colina I be ten minute off when you stop I . I be twelve minute off my route , man . he be climb back into the bus , leave ira sloan out on the sidewalk . ... ai not gonna lose my fuckin B - 2 church Mitch egan be in a pew in the knear-empty church , kneel with he hand clasped and he forehead rest on he knuckle . he look up , eye wet . the virgin Mary over the altar . Mitch 's eye shift . 51 Christ crucify in the stain glass . rectory Mitch sit across from the priest , a man of like age and like background , in the priest 's office . Mitch it 's be a tawment to I . I just do not feel it 's a good enviament fudda child , my phoney - baloney brotha - in - law — Priest ya sista be theh . Mitch shake he head . Mitch she 's a good woman , Margaret , but she 's very scattuhd . it 's just eatin at I , it just do not feel right . you should a see this funeral suhvice fa Rose . it be a damn travesty . I mean Rose be the heart a that family and now theh 's no heart leave fudda child . the priest shake he head . Mitch be silent . Priest I do not know . listenin 's t’you , I do not know . ya brotha- in - law , it do not matta who he be he 's the boy 's fatha . it do not matta be he a episcopalean , y' attach too much impawtance to it . and this be ya catlick priest talkin’ , Mitch . and Margaret be a good woman , Margaret be a woman who come to mass every week , and she 's theh fudda child — and I know I know , she 's not gonna replace Rose but who would . you think about that , Mitch , who would . the mutha be go . God blessa . and you ah not gonna be the mutha . you be a good man but you be a batchla . lemme ask you , have the child complain . the priest repeat : ... have the child complain . 52 Mitch ( grude ) no. beat . quietly : Priest go home , Mitch . gah blessya . little league field a beautiful , sunny day . nicky and several other kid he age mill about in the dugout , all dress in they uniform . approach the dugout from he park car be a burly middle - age man in bermuda short and a sweatshirt with coach print on it . this be the pee - wee team 's coach , vern wallerstein . as he approach the team : coach all right , line up you little shitbum , line up , line up ... he sip from a beer can wrap in a brown paper bag as he watch the boy line up . ... the field be not playable today . from the line - up come a chorus of " huh ? " and one piping , incredulous " what ? ! " ... therefore , practice be cancel . moan from the team . one disappointed " oh , God ... " coach look around . . .. who say that ? " oh God " — who say that ? a small Hispanic boy raise he hand . Boy ( eagerly ) I do , coach . 53 coach alvez , I hate to be the first to break the news to you . .. he sip from the beer and give alvez a deliberate look . . .. but God be dead . alvez what ?! there be a chorus of more disbely exclamation from the team . coach , however , focus on alvez . coach you a religious man , alvez ? alvez uh-huh . coach yeah , well I do not know what kind of bullshit you parent have be teach you at home , but he die about three and a half year ago in a car accident . . . the boy be listen with rapt attention ; the coach straighten up from alvez . ... it be quick . all right , get lose . I get better thing to do . as the team slowly start to break up : Voice coach ? coach turn back with a pain expression . coach yes siegelbaum , what be it ? siegelbaum my mom 's not pick I up for another hour and a half . coach shove a baseball bat in he hand and push he towards the dugout . 54 coach just go in there and work on you stance . suburban STREET as nicky walk home in he Little League uniform , bat on he shoulder . as he be about to cross the street a city bus pull up . he wait for it to pass , then cross . live room as nicky let himself into the house . it be curtain against the bright sun , and as nicky make he way across the still room we hear only the soft hum of the central air - conditioning . he lean he bat against the wall near a side table and he attention be draw by some brochure that have be leave there beneath a burn light , spread out next to gardner 's half - glass and a mug of coffee , still steaming . nicky pick up one of the brochure . a ten -year- old child picture on the front be wear a dress uniform and have he white - glove hand raise to he forehead in salute . the large - script head say : the citadel /a place of discipline . nicky look at it with grow consternation . he put it down , pick up another brochure : valley forge military academy / prepare Young Men for life . another one : fort snelling / discipline and Love / courage and Achievement . a board School for Young men. Nick open the brochure . Inside a young cadet be salute two officer . Nick notice something with consternation : the officer wear dark blue pants with a darker blue satin stripe run down the seam . they end in a pair of shiny black lace -up boot . nicky stare with mount horror . suddenly there be a loud clatter from the basement and nicky freeze and listen . stillness , and then another clatter and the sound of a struggle . galvanize , breathe hard , nicky pick up he baseball bat . he stand freeze , clutching the bat , listen . 55 from downstairs we hear Margaret scream . nicky edge forward , bat at the ready . staircase nicky 's foot cautiously descend . he clutches the bat . from the rec room we hear : Margaret please . . . please . .. please ! more clatter . nicky throw open the door to the rec room . he be bring up short . gardner be on top of Margaret , who be on top of the ping - pong table . she appear to be naked . gardner , who partially block we view of she , be in a state of semi-undress . both be flushed and sweat . Margaret clutches a ping - pong paddle in either hand . gardner wheel to face the door , he face panic-stricken . Margaret look up , also horrify . Margaret angel ! she slide off the ping - pong table and run into the bathroom , wail . ... oh Lord ! gardner what 's go on here ? be you crazy ? nicky stare as gardner approach he . gardner what be you do home ?! 56 fade out fade in : kitchen from a long way up , directly overhead , we be look down on the kitchen table . gardner and nicky sit face each other across the table . gardner we will be eat alone tonight . aunt Margaret be feel ill . nicky I be not eat anymore . gardner you be not , huh . nicky I wanna move . gardner be that right . nicky I do not wanna be here anymore . gardner be that right . let I tell you something , buster . you area little boy . and at the moment , you be a very silly little boy . and I guess that the day that what you want start count around here , that '! I be the day that you go into the office and earn money for dinner that I can say no to . nicky I do not care when it be . gardner do you want to go into the office tomorrow ? because I can certainly arrange it . nicky ( sullenly ) no sir . 57 gardner just say the word and I will pick up that telephone and call Linda and tell she to expect Nicholas tomorrow . pick up the phone : ... shall I do that ? nicky ( sullenly ) no sir . gardner well then I will not hear another word out of you . fade out reception office a receptionist at the front desk be answer the phone . receptionist egan Security , may I help you ? nicky 's Voice be Mitch there ? receptionist uh , Mr. egan ? nicky 's Voice ... um-hum . receptionist just a moment , please . she hit a button on the telephone console . office anteroom a secretary reach for she phone . Secretary 58 Mr. egan 's office . nicky 's Voice uncle Mitch ? Secretary I beg you pardon ? nicky 's Voice ... be uncle Mitch there ? Secretary Mr egan 's in a meeting right now . can I take a message . nicky 's Voice ... huh ? Secretary he 's in a meeting , mar ’am . . . could I take a message . nicky 's Voice can I wait till he 's do meeting ? Secretary well I do not think you will want to hold ; it may be awhile . who be I speak to ? nicky 's Voice . .. can he call I ? Secretary if you leave you name and number , I '! I be happy to give he the message . nicky 's Voice he 's gotta call I before my father get back . pulling ira sloan and luis colina they walk through the office area lead up to gardner 's office . Luis colina be wear he mta uniform . ira sloan have dress for the occasion : he wear a plaid coat and clash pants . 59 secretaries stare at they as they approach the desk of gardner 's secretary who rise apprehensively . Secretary May I [ help you ? ira sloan just sit down , lady . they walk past she towards the office door . Secretary gentlemen , he be in a meeting ! ira sloan ( push the door open ) same meeting he 's be in for the past three day ? gardner 's office ira sloan and Luis colina come barging in . a young executive be sit across from gardner , go over some papers on he desk . he turn to stare at the two man as gardner rise . the secretary stand , bewilder , in the open doorway . ira sloan hi pal . gardner ( flustered ) it 's all right , Linda . . . she exit , shutting the door behind she . gardner look nervously between ira sloan and Luis colina and the executive still seat across from he . ... Bill , can we , uh , finish this up later ? Bill ( also flustered ) ... T guess , gardner . . . he scoops he papers off the desk . 60 ... you bet . when he be halfway to the door : gardner — this man be , uh . . . do some work on my house . Bill pause awkwardly . Bill well , uh . . . that 's nice . he nod at ira sloan and Luis colina . ... good meeting you . he leave . gardner lean across the desk . gardner be you crazy , barging in here — ira sloan press a palm to he chest and give he a violent push backwards . gardner land , sit , in he chair . ira sloan shutup . .. he lean , knuckle on desk top , towards gardner . ... you crazy little boy-ass , you think you can get rid of we ? one hand dart out to land a slap on gardner 's face . ... that what you think ? you think you can fuck we and that 's the end of it ? gardner do not touch I . you make a agreement . live with it . ira sloan slap he again : ira sloan 61 live with this , ya fuckin hard - on . he grab gardner by the lapel and haul he bodily onto the desk , stomach - down . ... Big shot . ... bring you fuckin kid to the police station . mental case . he have drag the length of gardner 's body across the desk and he now let he fall on he side of it . Luis colina thass fuck up , man . Luis colina have be study the knick -knack on gardner 's desk . he pick up the grip strengthener . ira sloan grab gardner by the lapel again and haul he to he foot . he lean he against the near side of the desk and slap he again . ... be that what you be ? a mental case . another slap . ... fuck I , I love it . he push gardner backwards onto the desk , straighten he coat . he turn to Luis colina . ira sloan gimme that . he fling the grip at gardner 's head . it bounce off he forehead leave a slight gash . ... take care of that kid . I do not care what you do or how you do it . Luis colina you gotta do that , man . ira sloan either you do it or we doit ... he turn to go . ... and that money , man , fuckin’ due and payable . 62 as a after think , he turn back to spit on the desk . as he turn to go : ... Big man . Luis colina mental case . whacko . elevator ira sloan and Luis colina ride down the papas & swain elevator with two other passenger . ira sloan be feel on top of the world . after a brief silence : ira sloan we show that hard - on , do not we . Luis colina yeah . the other two passenger glance around at they . ira sloan Big help you be . Luis colina fuck you . the elevator door open . the two passenger get off and a lone secretary get on , young and good-look . the three ride in silence , ira sloan shoot appreciative glance at the young woman . finally he lean over to she : ira sloan ... what be you do tonight ? gardner 's office gardner pace back and forth in front of he desk dabbing at he forehead with a handkerchief . his secretary 's voice come over the intercom : Secretary 63 you brother - in- law on seven . gardner walk slowly over to the telephone and pick up . gardner Mitch ? Mitch 's Voice gahdnuh , how be ya ? gardner ( curt ) good. Mitch do you call I ? gardner no . — call you ? no. Mitch my god I get the weirdest message my heart skip a beat it say , '' Mrs. lawdge call . '' witcha home numba on it theh . I think it might a be you , like a S get stick in after mista . gardner 's knuckle whiten around the receiver . silence . ... you theh ? gardner yeah . i— Mitch my god I almost drop dead right theh . '' Mrs. lawdge call . '' swear to god . gardner that 's very strange . Mitch yeah . well okay . well I should come visit . see nicky . 64 a beat . gardner grope . gardner Mitch , uh . . . give we a while . Mitch huh ? gardner it 's hard for we . I know it 's hard for you too , I be sorry . but no visitor for a while . I be sorry . nicky need time . he hang up . live room nicky lie on the floor in he pyjamas , chin propped in he hand , watch tv . the door to gardner 's study open and Margaret emerge . she speak softly : Margaret nicky , you father would like to have a word with you . study the room be a wood - panele carpete de with a drop soft- tile ceiling . gardner , in a gray cardigan sweater and read glass perch halfway down he nose , sit behind a wooden desk , too big for the room , read the bate book — selling direct . behind he a aquarium be set into the wall . the only sound in the room be the intermittent blurrup of the oxygen compressor force air into the tank . without look up : gardner Close the door , Nicholas . Nick do , and sit across from the desk in a padded wicker chair . there be a long silence as gardner continue to read . finally he close the book and look up . 65 ... Nick , I have try to instill in you a certain discipline . maybe it 's my fault . . . he nod , muse . ... maybe it 's my fault . because it have not take . but we live in a world where there be no achievement without discipline . it 's a world of competitor . it 's a world — the adult world — it 's a world of thing , some pleasant , some not so pleasant . duty , certainly . well . you mother indulge you , I think . and that 's fine , up to a point . the cocoon , so forth . that 's fine . but now we draw the balance sheet . and we see where we be . do you understand ? Nick yes sir . gardner I see a little boy who be sullen . I see a little boy who be frequently withdraw . in he own . . . he wave a vague hand . ... little world . a little boy with no friend . do not fit in . and this thing be important . we do not laugh this thing off . okay ? nicky do not say anything . ... and so we have look into sleep - away school . a place where young man learn about discipline . and fitting in . the fledgle always want the nest , Nicholas . but be it good for he . be it good for he . we have consult the expert . I think not ... nicky do not say anything . the aquarium compressor blurrup . ... [ think not . aunt Margaret and I have decide that Valley Forge , the Academy , after consulting educator , we have decide , uh . . . the best solution , start next semester . they have make room for a new plebe , they , uh , you will wear the uniform . have to pull some string but , uh , I think you be in . congratulation . 66 he pick up the bate Book . little league field the coach be once again address the team assemble in the dugout . coach all right , today we be gonna start with the calisthenics , you know what they be , when you be do come and get I . pll be in my car — as the team start to break up : Voice ah , fuck . . . coach halt . coach — with what ? who say that ? everyone get back here . who say that ? one of the boy nervously raise he hand . Boy I do . coach you know what " fuck " be , De Luca ? De Luca uhh. . . uh- uh . coach you use word you do not know what the fuck they be ? who here know what fuck be ? he look around the team . ... anybody ? alvez eagerly wave he hand to get the coach 's attention . 67 alvez I do , coach ! coach ( drip sarcasm ) great . alvez be gonna tell we what fuck mean . alvez my sister say fuck be like say shutup to God . silence . coach stare sadly at alvez . coach alvez , be there any idiocy in you family ? he take a deep breath and look around at the team . . .. okay , listen up . coach be gonna tell you what fuck be . fuck be , aman and a woman , the night they get marry , they take off they clothes in front of each other . . . the team listen with a mixture of rapt fascination , horror , and disbelief . ... the man look at the woman 's tit , he get a hard - on , it come out about yea long . .. he hold one hand out about three foot in front of he waist . ... and then they have baby . that 's what fuck be . De Luca be incredulous . his voice strain at its high register : De Luca what ?! siegelbaum be nodd sagely . siegelbaum it 's true . my folk give I a book about it call '' it 's perfectly Natural . '' another Boy 68 he 's crazy . coach wake up , De Luca , you be live in a dream world . siegelbaum yeah , my folk say he be right about God , too . coach ( turn to go ) siegelbaum , no one here give a fly fuck what you folk think . siegelbaum look at he foot , chasten . as coach head for he car nicky run up to he and tug at he sweatshirt . nicky can I talk to you , coach ? coach drape a arm around nicky 's shoulder as he continue to walk . coach be it about ball ? nicky no sir . coach so it 's a personal problem not related to team sport ? nicky yeah , my dad — coach Lodge , let I tell you something . when I be play triple -a ball in Columbus I go to my manager once with a personal problem , and the manager say to I , and Ill never forget it , he say : " wallerstein , I do not care about you personal problem ; all I care about be you performance on the diamond . " Son , I do not feel that way . I do not even care about you performance on the diamond . coach drop he hand from nicky 's shoulder and pull away , mutter as he recede : 69 . .. [ guess that 's the difference between Little League and the minor . nicky slow to a stop and watch the coach walk away . master bedroom gardner and Margaret lie in bed . Margaret it would be terrible if he talk to Mitch . Mitch be so hot - tempere . gardner he 's not talk to anyone . he 's go to Valley Forge in two week . Margaret but be that good enough for this man ? we do not want to antagonize they . gardner what be you talk about , I be not go to just knuckle under to this clown . they be goddamn bus driver . you let I worry about they . Margaret but if they say we have to do something about nicky , then do not we have to do something ? gardner maggie , do you know what they mean by " do something " ? Margaret well , I do not know . they do not mean Valley Forge , though . gardner no they do not . Margaret well I do not know ; I just want everyone to be happy . gardner 70 well ... he nod . ... believe I . Margaret you know , gardner , I do not like this conversation . and I love nicky as much as you do . but this be the life Race we have choose — gardner shutup with that life Race garbage ! it 's what get we into this mess in the first place ! Margaret please do not be angry with I gardner . . . gardner I be not angry with you . Margaret break down and sob quietly . Margaret I do not mean to bring he to the station . it 's just that there be all that officer in the house all of a sudden . . . I do not want to disobey the officer . . . please do not be angry with I . gardner look at she , still whimper . his manner soften . she be so vulnerable . gardner give I strength , maggie . Margaret we will give each other strength . . . gardner ... like last time . Margaret reach up and rip open the front of she nightgown . Margaret look at my breast , gardner . look upon they ! 71 hallway a seedy apartment building hallway whose ghastly unshade fluorescent throw a sheen on the white enamel - paint wall . a door at the back open and ira sloan emerge from he apartment and go to a door stand ajar near the front of the building and knock . tony janson appear at the open door . ira sloan need to buy another fuckin piece . janson okay . ira sloan step in , leave the door open , and look around . a shabby ground - floor apartment . ira sloan this prick clement greenberg steal my piece . janson oh no . want another .38 ? ira sloan yeah , I be not , you know , .38 , .45 , whatever . whatever you get . I be not one of this guy where it 's a dick substitute . janson I get it . ira sloan my dick be fine , know what I be sayin’ ? janson yeah , okay . Three hundred . ira sloan done . um. .. it 's just , uh , can I pay you about a week ? maybe less even . 72 janssen sure . come back when you get the money , I give you the piece . ira sloan yeah but , see , thing be , I need the piece to get the money . to show the guy who owe it to I I be serious . if you could just borra I the thing a couple day — janson ira , I sell gun . ira sloan yuh-huh . janson sale . I do not invest . ira sloan ah yuh . . . so I can not count on you people then . janson this be not merrill Lynch . ira sloan ah fuck - a-doodle - do . yeah , okay . okay . I gotta call a guy then , I gotta go back to the fuckin’ depot—can I use you phone ? they detach my , you know , my service . janson yeah , sure . you go ahead , use my phone . I get unlimited local usage , I be not a asshole about it . ira sloan yeah . thanks . fuck . janson gun I do not get unlimited . phone , yes . live room day nicky kneel on a sofa that sit beneath the front live room window , look out at the street . we hear rain patter on the glass and drum on the roof . 73 the occasional car hiss by on the street outside . it be a gray , rainy morning . from offscreen we hear the sound of a television set broadcasting a soap opera . tv woman 's Voice you can not go through with the operation . tv man 's Voice do not you remember what they call I in medical school , McKenzie the mechanical Marvel ? I have get no nerve . my problem with Linda do not enter this o. r... . a chevrolet monte Carlo pull up into the driveway . a tall man in a trench coat get out of the car , look briefly around , then trot through the rain up toward the front stoop . nicky hop off the couch as the doorbell chime . front foyer as nicky enter . the front door be chain , higher than he can reach . nicky open the door as far as the chain will allow . through the crack in the door , the man smile down at he . he be craggily good look . man be you nicky ? nicky uh-huh . man be you father at home , nicky ? nicky no sir . man be you aunt here ? nicky uh-huh . the man be still smile as he stand in the pour rain . man 74 can I come in ? awful wet out here . nicky um. . . I be not suppose to open the door for stranger . man oh my . nicky do you know my uncle Mitch ? man I be afraid I have not have the pleasure . do you think maybe you could get you aunt ? awful wet out here . nicky I will go get she . as nicky turn from the door : man Roger . nicky turn back to the door and squint up at the man . nicky be you a astronaut ? the man laugh . man no , I be too tall to fit in the rocket so they tell I to go into the insurance biz . nicky nod at this , then turn and go . kitchen as Nick enter from the hallway . the tv be louder here . 2nd man 's Voice you can not blame yourself , it will only destroy you . it happen 75 every day — 1st man 's Voice not to I . 2nd man 's Voice ou be not a miracle worker , you be a man , Jim . you 's t I ke , , J Margaret be stand over the kitchen sink , wear rubber glove and pour draino into the stand water that fill the sink . as she work she occasionally glance over at a portable tv . she notice nicky . Margaret I will fix you lunch in a minute , angel . nicky there 's a man at the front door from the insurance biz . Margaret start toward the foyer , stripping off she glove and take nicky 's hand . Margaret oh goodness , what pest . . . the foyer as Margaret enter , still lead nicky by the hand . the man outside still wait patiently in the pour rain . Margaret ... yes ? man miss egan ? I be Kenneth Clark from Canyon prop and life — as she start to close the door : Margaret thank you for stop by , Mr Clark — 76 Clark Kenneth be fine . Margaret yes — I be quite sure we have all the insurance we need — Clark I be sure you do , but fact be I be not a salesman ; I be here to discuss you sister 's policy . Margaret oh ! well . . . you will have to talk to gardner about that . he will be home this evening ; he have all the information on that . Clark could I just come in for asecond ? awful wet out here . Margaret ( flustered ) well . . . I do not have any of the information . . . Clark that do not matter , miss egan ; I have just like to chat with you for a minute . live room Clark be just take off he drip trench coat . Margaret let I hang that in the bathroom . holding the drip coat in front of she , she trot out of the live room , coo : ... ohhhhh ! Clark ( call after she ) I be sorry , it 's a lovely rug . Margaret bustles back in , carry a old sheet . she walk over to where Clark sit on the couch . 77 Margaret could you get up for just a moment ? Clark oh , I be sorry . he help she drape the sheet over the couch , then sit back down again . Margaret sit down on the edge of a chair opposite Clark . Margaret I have not the faintest idea how I can help you , since I do not have any of the information , but , uh . . . what be it exactly that you do for the insurance people ? Clark oh , I guess my official title be claim investigator , what you might call a professional skeptic . Margaret give a little titter to acknowledge he smile . Margaret well I be afraid I . . . be there something wrong with the policy ? Clark no no no no , the policy seem to be all ship -shape ; Mr. Lodge 's be very steady with the payment ; you agent , um ... he grope for the name . Margaret Mr. rosenblum ? Clark right , Bobby rosenblum , he tell I everything 's in order . have you meet he ? Margaret no , I really do not know anything about gardner 's business affair . that 's why I be afraid I can not — Clark well I would not worry overmuch about " information " , miss egan , because people always put information in quote . . . 78 he make quotation mark in the air with he finger . ... but it be not always like that . I mean people just do not realize how much they know ; for instance , you happen to know the agent 's name . .. he be open he attache case . ... [ have all that information here . he put on a pair of glass and flip through papers . ... I be really more interested in the other kind . . . absently , as he continue read . ... which all really boil down . .. to one ... word . .. do you live here now , miss egan ? Margaret ( uneasy ) well I be here now , of course . Clark be that a temporary or a permanent arrangement ? Margaret I ... [ think that nicky need a mother . Clark of course . Margaret what . . . what be the word ? Clark Excuse I ? Margaret you say it all boil down to one word ? Clark ... didi ? ohyeah . coincidence . that 's what it all boil down to . yeah , it happen a lot in the opera . 79 Margaret do it ? Clark sure , aida , barber of Seville , it 's just . . . it get ridiculous . Margaret I be not much of a — Clark but in real life it do not happen much . if it do , I guess it have stop be a coincidence . it 's not the policy , miss egan ; it 's the claim . ya see , a coincidence on a claim , it 's like a little red flag that make we sit up and take notice . and this claim have a bunch of little red flag on it . Margaret good heaven — Clark nothing to worry about , believe I , I be just here to chase down all that flag , very routine . we just have to have they explain before we send out a check . the claim will be honore , of course . to the penny . Margaret ( relieved ) oh , that 's good . Clark oh sure . let 's just take a look here . see , the first little red flag I notice be that — March 3rd — about three month before the , uh , incident — the amount of the term part of the policy be substantially increase , but there be no increase on the whole life , kind of unusual , I do not suppose you know anything about — Margaret that be gardner 's idea . Clark it be , huh ? well I guess I have better ask he about that this evening . what else have we get here , we have get . .. oh yeah , more than one claim on a policy , that 's always a little 80 red flag , we have get that claim from '' 96 , Rose 's car accident , you stung we good on that one , well that 's okay , that 's what we be here for — oh ! here 's a little red flag , do not even notice this before . jeez , about five month ago Mr. Lodge redeem twenty thousand worth of he whole life policy with we , we always like to notice thing like that , but I guess you know what he need the money for ? Margaret oooh ! she have just notice nicky sit on the staircase , he face press between two baluster , watch . Margaret dash to the stair , take nicky by the hand and lead he up towards the bedroom . Clark saunter over to wait for she at the foot of the stair . he look this way and that , glance at he watch . Margaret descend the stair , alone , and tentative . Margaret I be sorry , that be money for nicky 's college education . Clark nod sympathetically . Clark College and orthodontia , they really kill ya . Margaret he have excellent tooth . Clark well thank God for that . I guess he put it in a trust fund or something ? Margaret grope . Margaret would you like a cup of coffee ? Clark that would be absolutely terrific . she be head for the kitchen . Clark idly follow she , chat on . 81 ... [ do not suppose you know where that account be ? — well it do not matter , I 'o ] ask Mr. Lodge about that one . . . sorry to be such a pest , I mean this stuff be not very important . but i’1l tell ya , I could put you on the floor with some of the scam I have see and I be talk about real knee - slapper , I gotta smile just think about '' they . . . he start to laugh . Margaret look at he . he laugh harder . Margaret start laugh with he . ... [ mean I have a guy couple year ago put in a claim for he clothing store burn down , you be not gonna believe this , we find a couple gas can in there with eula May print on ’em , he own wife 's name , it 's the name of he pleasure boat where he get the can from . he laugh heartily . ... he think that aluminum can be gonna burn up or something , I do not know what he think . . . Margaret laugh with he . ... and car ! thank you ... he take the cup of coffee from Margaret and lean against the wall , sip from it . ... you would not believe what people do to they car just because something 's a little wrong with the transmission and they figure they can fleece we for the whole thing . sell they for scrap , report ‘em steal , but the body shop guy know we pay a bounty for that thing . . . as he laugh a little coffee dribble out of he mouth down he chin . he smear it away with one hand . ... Excuse I . anyway ... he sigh . 82 ... yeah , you be in this business as long as I have , you develop a nose for hanky - panky . because it smell , ya know , it have this . . . he flutter he hand . ... faint aroma . this smell bad , that smell good — you know what I mean . but this one — this particular case here do not have that faint aroma . Margaret thank goodness for that . Clark nod , still smile pleasantly Clark ... Nah , this one stink . this one , I have be smell this one since I get off the turnpike . Jesus do it stink . ya sleep with gardner , do ya ? Margaret stare at he . he continue , affably : ... well , that 's none of my business . but I gotta tell ya , this kind of nonsense , it can come back to haunt you down the road . ya see , all the insurance company . . . he lace he finger together . ... be like one big interlock network . we all share we file , you will not be able to buy yourself a policy at any price . and that 's serious . I mean , you could go to jail for the rest of you life and have a shit credit rating . he set he coffee cup down on the counter and turn to go . ... on the other hand , it could be worse . they have not execute anyone in this state in over thirty year . Margaret stare as we hear Clark 's footstep recede down the hall . ... tell Mr. Lodge that I will be back this evening . I have like to visit with he for a while too . we hear the front door open . 83 ... hope I do not get the couch wet . we hear the front door slam shut . mta locker room ira sloan , in he civvy , walk down a corridor of locker , nodd occasionally to a remember colleague . through large double door at the far end of the room we can hear the hiss and chug of buss about to pull out into dawn for morning rush hour . Luis colina , sit in front of he locker , be hand some money to another driver as ira sloan walk up to he . ira sloan you be take the day off . Luis colina what ? thanks , man . the other driver nod and walk off . ira sloan watch he go , puzzle . ira sloan you be take the day off , I get more important thing for you to do . — he 's you connection ? georgie vasari ? Luis colina no he do not go near that stuff , georgie 's a fuck vegetarian . that 's why I pay he , throw he a few buck every week for he piss . ira sloan what the fuck ? Luis colina yeah , he pee in a cigar tin for I , I load it inna baggie carry it around . this fuckin’ spot-check from my p.o. , man . he pull he shirt open between two button to show some conceal tub . ... sa fuckin’ pain in the ass . I rupture once . ira sloan you fuckin whacko fuck . so I get something you gotta 84 take care of today . Luis colina no . no more day off . I would be fuck fuck . ira sloan do not worry , I get stanhope to come in and cover for you . fuck clement greenberg . Luis colina iss not greenberg , iss my p.o. crawlin 's up my ass . I tell you . iss Ernie gombrich . do this , do that , come here , go there , pee in this , pee in that . what the fuck be so important ? ira sloan the guy 's a fuckin hard - on be what it be . he hang up on I last night . Luis colina the square guy ? oh no , man . thass fuck up . ira sloan yeah , it 's the same old bullshit all over again , man . he do not care . we talk to he , he do not care . I think he 's get ready to fuck we . Luis colina he can not fuck we . ira sloan that 's right . that 's why you be take the day off . take care of the kid and the fat lady . give he something to think about when he get home . Luis colina what ?! why I ? ira sloan you have not be pull you weight around here , jackass . you gotta do more than carry you pee around . Luis colina do two more fuckin people ? I do not know , man . that 's fuck up . 85 ira sloan I be tellin’ you you be not get any choice . it 's either that or he fuck we . the guy do not respond , he do not respond . Luis colina two people , man ... ira sloan look , if you can not take care of a kid and a fat lady , you know what that mean . Luis colina yeah yeah . ira sloan it mean you be a fuckin pussy . Luis colina laugh nervously . he rub he forehead . Luis colina ah shit . nnnnkay . ira sloan fuck , I have do it but clement greenberg have my piece . front foyer evening as the front door open and gardner start to enter , a loud sting and someone lurch at he . the scare subside : it be Margaret , hugging gardner , she body heaving with sob . Margaret gardner , darling , I be so so so sorry , gardner , I love you , please do not be angry with I , I be so sorry ... gardner struggle to disengage himself . he look into Margaret 's tear-streaked face . gardner maggie , what be it ? what happen ? Margaret 86 I be so sorry , a man come today , from the insurance company , he say he be a professional skeptic , but he be so charming at first . . . she break down sobbing again , unable to continue . finally : ... twas so confuse . I tell he I do not have any of the information . but at the end he know everything , he know everything , he 's come back , everything , everything , I be so sorry ... gardner ( grimly ) when 's he come back ? Margaret I will make it up to you , I swear I will ... gardner shake she . gardner when 's he come back ? Margaret scream : Margaret this evening ! this evening ! he will be here again this evening ! gardner hug she . gardner it 's all right , maggie . we will talk to he . we will see how much he know . live room later gardner sit in the live room . stare . somewhere in the room a clock tick . wait . from offscreen we hear a snuffle . Margaret sit opposite . her eye be red and puffy . tear roll silently down she cheek . after a long silence , she snuffles again . 87 gardner and Margaret sit , wait . the clock tick . finally there be the sound of a car pull up into the driveway . gardner rise and go to the front door . front foyer gardner open the door to Kenneth Clark . Clark Mr. Lodge ? gardner yes. Clark you sister - in- law might have mention I to you . can I come in ? gardner yes . the live room as the two man enter . gardner motion Clark to a chair and sit down himself . gardner what be this accusation I have be hearing ? Clark nod at Margaret . Clark hello mar ’am . I will tell ya , some coffee would be really terrific if it be not too much trouble . Margaret rise . Margaret yes . no trouble ... as she leave : gardner what be this — 88 Clark I have have a long day , so let 's get right to the point . you kill you wife , you be try to collect , I be between you and the money . too bad for you . I be not gonna negotiate on this , I do not wanna talk about it for a long time , I have have a long day , I do not wanna listen to any denial . just tell I yes or no . gardner sit stunne . gardner ... what. .. what do you want ? you want a part of the claim ? Clark give a tired laugh . Clark I want all of it . all of it . you give I the money or you go straight to jail , pal . Margaret , still snuffling , enter with two coffee cup on saucer . she hand one to gardner , one to Clark . Clark thanks . Margaret leave . ... you do not have any choice . I think , amoment 's reflection , you can figure that out for yourself and then we can discuss how we be go to arrange it . gardner lick he lip . gardner ... if we do . . . if we do kill my wife , what make you think I will not kill you ? Clark sadly shake he head . Clark Mr. Lodge , be you crazy ? you think I be the only investigator who know how to read a claim for fraud ? do you have any idea what happen when a investigator 89 who 's work on a case like this die ? _ have not you fuck with the insurance company enough ? he take a sip of coffee . ... believe I , if anything happen to I , you be in deep , deep — Clark frown . suddenly he rise to he foot . he freeze for a moment . he reach down , pick up the coffee cup and hurl it at the live room wall . coffee splashes and the china cup shatter against it . gardner stare , uncomprehend . gardner what the hell be you do — Clark 's face be purpling and he mouth stretch wide . he emit a ear-splitt bellow . nicky 's bedroom nicky wake up to muffle bellow . he listen , slowly rise , and pad across the room . the hallway as nicky emerge from the bedroom . the bellow be louder here . we now also hear thud and crash from downstairs . nicky move cautiously toward the stairway . the stairway as nicky take one slow step at a time down . his high point-of-view give a oddly top -cropped picture of the pandemonium in the live room below . Clark be mostly just leg , charge around , out of control , thumping into furniture , scream , he wave fist occasionally dip into view . downstair Margaret be run into the live room with she hand over she ear , howling . 90 Margaret oh God ! oh God ! ooohhh ! Clark be still careen around off the furniture like a chicken with its head cut off . gardner , stock -still in the middle of the cyclone , shout : gardner what do you put in the coffee ?! goddamnit ! what do you do ?! Margaret oh God ! just lye ! just a little bit of draino ! Clark be rip open the front of he shirt , scream as he stagger toward the foyer . the foyer Clark reach the front door . he launch a fist through its window . he reach up and claw desperately at he own throat , draw blood . he hurl the door open and stagger out into the night . the live room Margaret stand wail in the middle of the room . gardener hurl open the door to the foyer closet . from a golfbag inside he withdraw a nine-iron . gardner stay here . stay here . do not move until I get back . the stair nicky watch . gardner 's leg be leave , the poker down at he side . suburban STREET 91 gardner run down the street . ahead in the dark we can make out Clark 's form as he stagger crazily away , struggle out of he suit coat , claw at he throat , he white shirt flash . gardner shoot a apprehensive glance at the dark house . Clark stagger , suck for air that will not burn . he be slow , he gait become ever more herky - jerky . gardner overtake he and , from behind , swing the golfclub with a whoosh at the insurance man 's head . on the thud , we cut . stair nicky descend cautiously , quietly , a step at a time . from somewhere — not from he — a whimper sound . Margaret come into view at the far end of the live room . she be stoop over , pick up piece of break china , put they into a cup palm , whimper . a creak in the stair — she notice nicky , straighten , and moan : Margaret ohhh , nicky . . . nicky head for the front door , which stand open . she drop the collect china and grab the shovel off the fireplace rack , but she manner remain unthreaten : ... no , nicky , wait . but he be run . she run awkwardly after , raise the shovel . porch nicky be off and away . Margaret emerge onto the porch but clearly will not catch he ; she stop at the lip of the porch . 92 Margaret no , angel ! live room Minutes later . Margaret sit in the easy chair formerly occupy by the insurance man , sobbing , as gardner enter . his voice be dull : gardner I put he in the car . he look at she cry . ... it 's fall apart , maggie . it 's over . all over . she shake she head , still weep . ... we will have to go away . his gaze drift off , up the stair . ... where 's nicky ? Margaret sob : Margaret oh gardner — he get away ! gardner squint incomprehension . gardner ... what be you talk about " get away " ? Margaret I try to take care of it ! I just — I just — I be try to manage . . . gardner Margaret — what be you talk about ? 93 Margaret oh , gardner ! a mezuza tack to a doorpost ; it have ornate metalwork and Hebrew letter . we hear faint doorbell chime . wider show nicky , have just press the doorbell , look up at the mezuza . after a beat the front door swing open to reveal sieglebaum in he pyjamas . sieglebaum Holy moley ! what be you do here nicky ? nicky can I come in , noah ? my dad 's try to kill I . sieglebaum oh. okay . noah 's bedroom the two boy sit on noah 's bed in a small carpete room litter with sport gear and electronic toy . sieglebaum Inside be a little piece of parchment with the sh’mah on it . nicky what 's parchment ? sieglebaum I dunno . it 's old paper that the pharaoh use . be you stay over ? nicky can I ? with a crash the door burst open and Aaron , sieglebaum 's thirteen - year- old brother , stride in . Aaron 94 where 's my sega joystick you little faggot ? notice Nick : — with what 's he do here ? sieglebaum I do not touch you stupid — Aaron have already grab sieglebaum by the hair . ... ahhhhhhhh . stop ! I don ’t have you — ahhhhhhh — Aaron wrestle the flail sieglebaum to the ground and sit on top of he stomach , press he thumb into the soft spot behind sieglebaum 's ear . he bellow : Aaron say " I ’m a faggot ! I ’m a faggot ! " sieglebaum ahhhhhhhhhhhh !!! he start bounce he brother 's head against the floor in time with he chant : Aaron " lm a faggot ! I ’m a faggot ! " we hear pound footstep and nicky look up from the fight as Mr. sieglebaum appear in the doorway . Mr. sieglebaum cut it out , Aaron . he wade in to break up the fight . he hook a hand under Aaron 's armpit and start lead he out of the room . ... you know who 's room this be . Aaron yeah well he 's be in my room , the little faggot . Mr. sieglebaum hey ! Aaron ! 95 as he lead he out the door he nod at someone in the hall . ... they be in here . they disappear around the corner . gardner appear in the doorway . he and nicky look at each other . gardner hold out he hand . gardner come on , son . nicky remain sit , stare . ... come on . nicky get up , go to he father , take the extend hand . luis colina 's apartment exterior Luis colina be exite the four-story apartment building hold a baseball bat . he glance around as he head for he car park at the curb . halfway there a vibrate hum stop he . he fish out he phone and squint at it : gombrich . Luis colina shit . he flip it open . ... how ya doin’ , man . gombrich 's Voice go to practice ? Luis colina huh ? 96 gombrich go to bat practice ? Luis colina look wildly around . his look land on : a park car , someone in it . gombrich 's voice continue : ... yeah , come on over . hop in . lodge home nicky be walk up the stair immediately in front of gardner . they go down the hall to he bedroom . as Nick be about to enter : gardner Nicholas . Nick turn , look up . ... do you need the privvy ? nicky no . gardner nod solemnly . he shut the door behind Nick . we hear a key turn in the door , and then retreate footstep . a sharp , thin tapping sound bring nicky 's look around . the cherry limb tap at the dark of he windowpane . ernie gombrich 's car gombrich look over at Luis colina as they drive down a suburban street . gombrich look forward , shaking he head . a long beat . Luis colina finally break the silence : 97 Luis colina you keep shaking you head , man . iss freaking I out . Ernie I have try to be a friend to you , Luis . you know — supportive . and now this . and now this . Luis colina and now this what , man ? gombrich Luis , I be gonna tell you straight out . there be zinc in you urine . Luis colina Zinc ? a perplex beat . ... Zine. gombrich yeah zinc . Luis colina so , that mean , what , I get a high zinc count or what . gombrich Luis , lemme 's splain something . this be not natural level of zinc . unless you be the fuck tin man . you know . oil I . Luis colina oil I ? gombrich this urine , lemme tell you about this urine . this be old urine . this be store - up urine . this be bullshit urine . Luis colina no , this be my urine , man — gombrich you be a goddamn three - time loser . I try to warn you , 98 three strike you be out . that 's how we play the game here in the US of a . and I smell a whiffer . I smell a goddamn whiffer . I red-tagged you file , Luis . we be go back to attica . Luis colina this be good urine , man . gombrich wake up , colina ! you 're go back to the joint ! you 's re—humph ! Luis colina have just sock he in the face . . .. fuck —shit — Ernie gombrich fight to control the car as Luis colina grab he head and slam it into the wheel a couple of time , the car give a brief honk at each impact . bump , swerve , a big bump and a wrenching impact . exterior the car have hit a lamppost . Ernie gombrich dribble out of the driver 's side , moan . Luis colina fling open the passenger door and emerge . he lean back in for he baseball bat . he round the car and start whack Ernie gombrich 's head . master bedroom Margaret be in bed ; gardner sit on the edge of the bed in he shirtsleeve , elbow on he knee , gaze at a spot on the floor . gardner ... aruba , I think . Margaret where be it ? 99 gardner the carribean . it 's a dutch protectorate , there 's no uh . . reciprocal uh , extradition . . . Margaret well , I do not understand anything about that . be not it — gardner we could take a boat from another island , not leave a ticket trail . Margaret ... be not it spicy , mango food ? gardner you can get any sort of food . food of any description . there 's golf . couple golf . the windsurf . I go with Rose , many time . Margaret well that 's good , darling . you could relax . you could paint , express yourself . the artistic thing be important to you . I love Rose , but you need someone to help you explore that side of yourself . . . gardner continue to stare at the floor , listen . ... we should have do this a long time ago . you be trap at the agency , gardner — this be for the best . . . nicky 's bedroom nicky sit in the dark , on he bed , knee draw up to he chest . sharp and present , though not loud , be the tap at the window . mute by a intervene wall be the voice from next door , they tone matter - of - fact . no word be discernible , only the lulling back - and -forth of male voice alternate with female . a new sound : from outside , the approach rattle of a car whose fanbelt be rhythmically slapping the engine block . nicky rise and go to the window . 100 Ernie gombrich 's car be pull to the curb across the street , its hood crumpled . once it be park its engine sputter and die out along with its associate cough and clunk . nicky stare . no one emerge from the car . the muffle adult voice from the other bedroom drine on . fade out nicky 's bedroom it be early morning . nicky be still dress but be now asleep on top of the bedcover . the clunk of a car door wake he . he go to the window . gardner 's car be pull out of the driveway . the beat - up car at the curb across the street be still there . once gardner 's car have pull away , its door open . Luis colina emerge . nicky 's eye widen . Luis colina look up the street in the direction in which gardner 's car disappear . satisfied that it be go , he pull a baseball bat from he car . he start across the street . nicky go to he bedroom door and pound . nicky aunt Margaret ! kitchen Margaret stand at the counter make scramble egg , glance up occasionally at the portable television . Voice it 's beautiful , donna . 101 another Voice the Butterfly broach have a silver set and five high - quality zircon stone — she react to the muffle pound and shouting from upstairs : Margaret just a minute ! master bedroom / bath with the egg between toast wedge on a small plate , Margaret walk through the bedroom to the adjoin bathroom , hum to herself . she set the plate down next to the sink and open the medicine cabinet . she raise she voice in response to the continue pound : Margaret I be just fix you breakfast ! she take a small vial out of the medicine cabinet and sprinkle the content of the vial onto the egg . she use the fork to mash it in . she pick up the plate . she emerge from the bathroom and stop short , with a quick intake of breath . Luis colina stand in the bedroom doorway in he mta uniform hold the baseball bat . Margaret stare . Margaret goodness . I do not know what you business be here , but you 's will have to talk to gardner . Luis colina step hesitantly into the bedroom . Luis colina sorry lady . iss just the nature of the way thing be . nicky 's bedroom nicky stop pound at the sound of ascream . the scream end in a dull thunking 102 sound . nicky listen at the door . a short beat . two more dull thunks . hallway empty . a silent beat . Luis colina emerge from the master bedroom hold the stain baseball bat . he close the door behind he . we hold on the close door as Luis colina leave frame . we hear he walk down the hallway , open and shutting door . nicky 's bedroom muffled here , we hear Luis colina 's progress in the hallway . nicky stand with he ear press to the door , struggle to control he frighten breathe . the footstep approach . . . his own doorknob be rattle . a pause . another rattle to confirm that it be lock . a muffle voice : Luis colina . kid ? a thump at the door make nicky start . another thump . it sound like Luis colina be give it the shoulder . nicky scramble to he bed and under it . his point-of-view from under the bed show very little outside ; a dust ruffle come almost to the floor . the thump continue , the very bottom of the door tremble with each one , but remain close . finally with the sound of wood splintering around its lock , the door swing open . a beat of quiet . 103 nicky try to quiet he breathe . a pair of black - shod foot enter , top by blue uniform pants . the business side of a baseball bat dangle next to he foot . it be smear with blood . the foot take a couple of hesitant step in . the man be pause , look around . his voice be clear now : . kid ? a couple more step toward the bed ; the room be not big . the foot be now plant immediately in front of the bed . motion in the foot ; the sound of knee crack ; the dust ruffle be pluck up so that Luis colina can peer in at we , he head angle sideways . nicky stare back . after a long look , a smile from Luis colina : . hi. and then — oddly —he let the dust ruffle drop . he be go , but only for a moment : his arm reach in . it grope blindly towards nicky . nicky press himself against the wall and start scream . just audible under the scream as the arm continue to grope : ... c’mon kid ... I be sorry . iss just how thing be . nicky bat , scream , at the grop hand , but now it close over he upper arm , tighten , and start to drag he . nicky scream . there be a dull crunching sound and the hand stop drag . in fact , it relax . there be another scream , not from nicky . there be another crunch that end the scream , and then three more , at a measure pace , in the silence that follow . the hand be a inert thing . blood be seeping into the carpet from beyond Luis colina 's 104 shoulder . suddenly the shoulder and arm slide away , drag effortlessly , and the dust ruffle drop back into place . it be pluck up again and uncle Mitch peer in . Mitch nicky . .. he help nicky scramble out and then scoops he up and tuck nicky 's head into he shoulder as he jog he out the bedroom door . ... do not look , nicky , do not look . . . it 's a mess . . . he lumber down the stair , stroking the back of nicky 's head . . .. be that one of the cocksuckas ? nicky sob . nicky yes ! daddy 's a cocksucker too ! house exterior Mitch , grim -face , jog nicky down the lawn to where he car be park . as Mitch stoops to ease nicky into the passenger side : Mitch I be takin 's you home , nicky . my home . ow - uh home ... have deposit the boy he straighten . ... on the way you can tell I wusco non ... he go around the car and pop the trunk . ... and I will take care of everything . the trunk hold security paraphernalia include walkie-talky and club and a snap - flap holster which he grab . there be also a small case . Mitch 105 pop its clasp . Inside be a handgun . . .. uncle Mitch 's Il take care of it . gardner 's office gardner be stride for he office ; he secretary rise to greet he : Linda good morning , Mr. Lodge , you be early today — you do not have anything until ten . gardner I be sorry , Linda , you be go to have to cancel everything today , I have just come in to pick up a few thing . . . he open the inner-office door but pause in the doorway to continue : ... see if you can get erwin panofsky at first hartford on the line before I go , I need to talk to he about some fund transfer , and then I 'il need — his eye widen , reacting to something oncoming a split second before Mitch 's back enter frame and he be muscle backwards into he office . Mitch scumbag !... scumbag !. .. 1 want he name ! Linda , stand in the doorway with she notepad and pencil , emit sharp , chirp scream . Mitch slap gardner forehand and backhand . ... l|want he scumbag name ! his hand close around gardner 's throat and he shake he by he neck . gardner struggle to get the word out : gardner Luis . . . Luis colina . Mitch 's vein be pop , he face be bett red , he be scream : 106 Mitch I kilt the fuckin spic ! I want the udda one ! Linda 's high piping scream continue , ignore by the two man . gardner ira . . . ira sloan . Mitch hurl gardner across the room where he land in a heap . Mitch T will be back fa you ! tony janson 's apartment ira sloan be on the phone in the apartment of the gun salesman down the hall . ira sloan ai not back yet ?! when he leave ? barely audible , filter through the phone , we hear a woman 's voice and the pandemonium of child . from somewhere more present , a muffle buzz . ira sloan stick a finger in he ear . ... tca not hear you , ya wha ?. .. yeah , I know where he go , I be the one who send he , but why be not he back ? two muffle buzze in quick succession . tony janson be at a table , a beer in front of he . tony that you buzzer ? ira sloan when he get back you tell he to call I . fuck , he can not call I . another muffle buzz . tony raise he voice to ira sloan : 107 tony somebody 's ringin’ you apartment . ira sloan tell he he — wait , maybe this 's he . — he lower the phone mouthpiece to address tony : can you buzz ’em in ? tony go to a intercom by he open apartment door and hold down a button . we hear a heavy door unlatch down the hall . ira sloan be back into the telephone : ... 1 say maybe that ’s— can you hear I ? put a cork innose kid why do not ya ... Mitch clomp by in the hallway , some kind of aerosol in one hand , eye take in the number on the open apartment door and flitting without interest over ira sloan and tony janson as he pass . ira sloan and tony janson exchange a look . ira sloan hesitates at the phone . . uh ... nev mind . gubbye . ira sloan carefully cradle the phone . we hear pound on a doorway down the hall . Mitch 's Voice hello . .. ya deh ? more pound . ... open iss daw ! ira sloan clear he throat . he ask quietly : ira sloan can I have a beer ? tony janson be puzzle . tony a beer . 108 hallway at the end of the hall Mitch be a small figure pound on ira sloan 's door , he back to we . Mitch I know ya indeh ya fuckin scumbag , open be fuckin daw ! ira sloan emerge from tony 's apartment hold a cap beer by the neck . he walk slowly down the hall , Mitch 's noise cover he approach . Mitch unsnap a holster on he belt . ... [ know ya indeh , c’mon . he withdraw the gun . ... C ’mon , open iss dawn will talk , ya fuckin creep ya— hrugh ! ira sloan have clubbed he from behind . he club he down the door , Mitch grunt under each blow . ira sloan bend down to pick up Mitch 's gun . a hiss noise . ira sloan straighten , scream . Mitch , slump on he back , be mace he . ira sloan step back , still scream . he wrap he leave elbow around he face and extend he right hand with the gun . he fire blindly . bang . bang . one bullet thunks the door . one hit Mitch in the chest . the third clank and start a airshriek : it have hit the mace . the pressurize cannister hit the ground and spin shriek . mace spray everywhere . ira sloan yell on , fire . bang. bang . bang . bullet plug the wall , Mitch 's body , Mitch 's face . ira sloan stumble away scream . he blunder the length of the narrow hallway carome off the wall , face still wrap into he elbow . he hit the front - door window and it shatter . he uncover he face — start to swell — to grope for the knob . he find it and plunge out into the street , scream , trail break glass . nicky 109 he sit in a cheap formal parlor , on a uncomfortable - look Louis XV chair that do not quite let he foot touch the ground . he be chew a peanut butter sandwich ; its plate and a glass of milk sit on a side table next to he . we hear the tv , off , which he watch . the window behind he give a view of a suburbia more downscale than he own . a car be pull up the drive though no sound carry through into the house . gardner emerge from the car and we do just barely hear its door slam . he trot toward the front of the house , he gait suggest that he be unused to run : stiff -legge , with one hand press down against he suit coat to keep it from flap back as he run . Nick continue to watch tv . gardner 's car gardner drive in a thin -lipped fury . gardner how do you get to Mitch 's house ? who let you out ? Nick be huddle in the corner of the passenger front seat . nicky uncle Mitch bring I . gardner grimly shake he head . gardner I do not even want to think about the two of you talk . . . say crazy , irresponsible thing . . . word have conse - quence Nicholas , yes ? silence . ... yes ? again he shake he head . ... you be in deep , deep doo-doo . he decide something . ... you be go with we . to aruba . you can not be leave to yourself . 110 he nod to himself . ... Margaret will understand . nicky she 's dead . gardner look at he , not alarmed , merely uncomprehend : gardner . .. what ? nicky one of the man from Valley Forge come back . he kilt she . gardner stare at he . gardner ... one of the . . . what ? he give a strangle hiccough of surprise . he glance front , stare back at nicky , then emit a short , bark , humorless laugh . oh no . no , they would not do that ... she 's wait at home . .. no ... he stare out at the street , he jaw work . he suddenly bust out sobbing . through tear : ... tl tell you one thing , son : I be not go anywhere without maggie . oh God ! oh God ! he bear down on the accelerator . the car be pick up speed . nicky speak in a small voice : nicky everybody 's dead . God be dead . solemnly : gardner do not ever say that , son . 111 up ahead , they house be just come into view . park across the street from it be a green Delta 88 . ira sloan have just get out of the car and be head across the street for the house . at the whine of the approach car he turn . his face be grotesquely swollen , eye puffed down to slit . he squint through tear at the approach car , mouth agape , breath rattling , snot flow . he dig for he — Mitch 's —gun , find it , level it at the car . gardner punch the accelerator . Impact . from inside the car we see ira sloan 's body flip up over the hood , smack the windshield directly in front of we , and flip back onto the roof . gardner blubber . nicky shrink . over gardner 's wail another sound : a thudding - bounce on the roof of the car . the car exterior : ira sloan 's leg be catch on the roof luggage rack . back to the interior : the thudding of ira sloan 's body be painfully loud inside the car , like be inside a drum . nicky clap he hand to he ear . gardner wail . ira sloan 's head flop down directly in front of we and bounce against the windshield . his face be balloon . blood stream across it . nicky scream . gardner blubber . his foot press the accelerator to the floor . nicky scream . ira sloan 's head , bounce with the car , send blood stream down the windshield . wind feather the blood back across the glass . nicky scream , look from the windshield to gardner . the car be speed out of control . gardner 's hand be clench on the steering wheel . nicky 's small hand try to pry they loose . 112 gardner 's foot vibrate against the accelerator . nicky 's leg kick at it . the car hit a bump ; there be the sound of roll on the roof . nicky turn to look out the back window : ira sloan 's body roll onto the trunk and then off onto the street and bounce away , grow small fast as the car speed along . nicky look back to gardner who moan , gasp for air . gardner clutches at he chest with one hand . his face be turn a deep shade of purple . he be display the classic symptom of myo-cardial infarction . nicky pries at gardner 's hand which rigidly grasp the wheel . suddenly they grow limp ; he head slump down against the wheel , stare , glassy - eye . nicky scream . the car give a tremendous jolt and he look front . the car have jump the curb in front of a white colonial house and be speed up its manicure lawn , churn sod . exterior house at impact . the car groan to a halt , half - inside , half - outside the house . Dust from splinter wood and pulverize wallboard eddyy through the air . the engine loudly whine , racing , as the car sit on its undercarriage with the rear wheel off the ground , tire crazily spin . fade out little league field we pan the team as they listen to the coach — a voice we have not hear before : Voice all right , man , excellent game today , excellent . you display good attitude , good sportsmanship , good mental alertness . . . the pan reveal uniform nicky , a little bruise but not much worse for wear , stand next to alvez . 113 ... lcan tolerate a occasional physical error on the field , but there be no mental error today . . . we finally cut to the team 's new coach . he be a tall , serious , athletic -look young middle - age man in a press sweat shirt and sweat pants . a shiny silver whistle hang around he neck . New coach ... and you be to be congratulate for that . you have shape up marvelously since coach wallerstein be . . . be ask to leave . I guess we play - off berth be a testament to that . see you all next week , but remember , no one 's stop you from do that isometric exercise at home . he blow he whistle and the team disperse . the new coach look over at nicky . ... ready to go , son ? new coach 's car it be a country sedan station wagon full of Little League gear . a bag of baseball bat rattles in the back . nicky be strapped into the front seat next to the new coach . New coach I be just warning you , young man , that kind of language will not fly in you new home . nicky be gaze out the windshield . nicky yes sir . the new coach 's voice soften : New coach all right then . . . 1 wonder what Mom 's whipped up for dinner . . . they be pull up the driveway of nicky 's new home : a white Colonial with a manicure lawn . laborer be work on the damage ground - floor wall .