sucker the vampire sucker the screenplay int . anthony' house - night total darkness surround we , except for a streak of pale moonlight come through a window , illumate a door . we hear a knock , then the jingle of keys . after a moment , the door open and a large , heavyset man come into the house . he walk casually through the foyer to a staircase and begin to climb the stair . his name be reed . as he climb the stair , we hear he in voice over ... reed ( vo ) they do not advertise for vampire henchman in the newspaper . that 's in the special magazine ... and then you do not believe the ad . that be my profession . ex -roadie . ex -nurse . ex -henchman . Sushi , that 's what I always call them cause he like to leave them in the water like a cold fish ... int . anthony' bathroom still dark , the bathroom be light only by the moon . we can make out the body of a lifeless girl , totally naked , in the shower . after a beat , the heavyset man enter . reed laugh self consciously as he turn the shower off . he reach down and pick up the dead girl by she armpit . as he lift she and spin she around ... bam ! she smashes right into the glass door of the shower ! int . night club - night this smoky , mephistophilian club be be rock tonight by a gothic rock band , plasma . fronting the band be ANTHONY . he play the bass and sing . he clearly enjoy be the center of attention . reed 's voice over continue ... reed ( vo ) pretty cool , huh ? yeah , I know . this ! this be the night . see , there 's Anthony . you can not really see he , but man be he sing ! behind Anthony be seth , the guitar player . reed ( vo ) see , now there 's Seth . Seth ... well , he be always kind of a jerk to I really ... as the band play , we see one particularly good look concert goer as she elbow she way to the front of the stage . she be vanessa . reed ( vo ) oh ! that ... that be miss helsing ! I remember she . I remember she because that be the night , well , Anthony break up the band , can you believe it ? yeah . she would be come to the show for a couple of month . I know Anthony would not like she , cause you know , he like blond , but I think maybe for Seth . I think Seth might like she ... int . backstage - night reed stand backstage , watch the band as they play . he dance completely out of rhythm with the song . several concert goer watch he antic in amazement . reed ( vo ) with the benefit of hindsight , maybe it be not such a hot idea . int . GREEN room - night tobin , the drummer , be sit next to seth on a couch . they both look up as ... ANTHONY enter and walk over to a table where a tiny igloo cooler sit . he pick up a plastic baggie fill with a dark red , viscous liquid , and pour some into he mug via a tube stick from the bag . seth so ? ANTHONY it be good . for a last performance . Seth stop for a second , then continue . seth that 's it , just like that ? ANTHONY we be get too big , Seth . seth who be you man , perry ferrel ? thing be go great , we have get offer on the table . ANTHONY which be why we have to fade out . Anthony head over to a small microwave and put he mug inside . he nuke it for a minute . seth Anthony , think about this . we be not huge . we do not have a CD . we have get another couple month of obscurity . so what 's you problem ?! ANTHONY you be my problem right now ! if you want to run the risk of be discover , do it with another band . tobin stop drink , say nothing . Seth glare at tobin . seth well ? say something , tobin ! I know you do not want this to end either ! Anthony sip from the mug , he exchange a look with tobin . tobin Anthony 's right . Seth sigh . seth yeah . ANTHONY see it this way , now you can pursue other avenue , do what ever you want seth I do not want other avenue ! I like this ! this be my ultimate chick magnet . ANTHONY the discussion be over . Anthony sip from he mug as the door open . reed escort sandy , a gorgeous blonde , and vanessa in . seth I be really gonna miss this . Anthony take Sandy by the hand and lead she over to a vacant couch . sandy you guy be so great . I mean it . ANTHONY thank you . sandy I mean , you song . they be so deep . I be not sure I totally understand all of they , but you can just tell . you know ? vanessa walk over and lovingly touch Seth 's guitar . he follow she hungrily . vanessa why be you call plasma ? seth it 's kind of a inside joke . vanessa be that some sort of sick pun ? Seth move in close , grab vanessa and push she up against the wall . seth sure . Seth move in on vanessa and kiss she . vanessa seem not only unsurprise but eager . reed , notice the amorous impulse around he , get uncomfortable and shamble over to the couch where Anthony and Sandy be sit . reed grin . reed uh. um , I be gonna go now . sandy you be leave ? reed uh. yeah . I gotta be at work early tomorrow and everything . Sandy reach out to shake reed 's hand . sandy well , it be nice meeting you . reed oh ... I will see you again . Anthony turn to reed , flash he a look . reed know he 's do wrong and blanch . reed uh. yeah . bye . bye Seth . Seth be absorb with he grovel and do not say anything . ANTHONY I be wonder if you would like to come back to the house with I . there 's only so much of this I can take , you know ? Sandy nod in lusty agreement Anthony smile . he stand and extend he hand out to Sandy . Sandy look over at vanessa and Seth . sandy it be nice meeting you both . vanessa look over , Seth continue to nuzzle she . vanessa bye , Sandy . Seth gurgle a goodbye . Anthony and Melissa leave . seth I think they would never leave . vanessa where do you think they be go ? seth probably back to Anthony 's . vanessa wow . I bet he 's get a great place . where do he live ? seth I have get a nice place . you wanna go back there ? vanessa why do not we go with they ? seth why ? vanessa well , to tell you the truth Seth , I be hope to end up with Anthony tonight . Seth look at she . he 's a little piss . seth what ! lead guitar 's not good enough for you ? you gotta have the lead singer ? Seth shove vanessa down on the couch and jump on top of she , put he hand at she throat . vanessa take it easy , Seth . seth you want I to prove something , I will prove something ! I will be the best you ever have , bitch ! vanessa do not bet on it . vanessa reach behind she and pull out a small canister . Seth scowl , then burst into laughter . seth you be gonna mace I ? you have no idea what I be , do you ? vanessa maybe . vanessa fire the mace canister , it hit Seth in the face . Seth laugh and bare a frightening set of fang ! seth stupid bitch . see , there 's something you do not know about I ... suddenly , Seth 's laughter turn to a scream . his face smoke and he collapse in agony . vanessa yeah . and what would that be ? vanessa walk across the room to where she leave she bag . vanessa you be a vampire ? do tell . vanessa tap the canister . vanessa Holy water . Seth try to get up off the floor . he writhes in agony . vanessa see , I be hope to take out Anthony tonight , but I guess you will do . seth it hurt ! oh Jesus , it hurt ! vanessa what do you say , Seth ? why do not you save I a little footwork and tell I where Anthony life . seth screw you . vanessa have it you way . vanessa kick Seth onto he back . he lurch up and grab she foot , biting into she calf ! vanessa scream and spray he again . he scream and roll away . seth go to hell ! vanessa thanks , I think I will pass . why do not you go on without I . and when you see you buddy down there , do I a favor . Seth look up to see vanessa with a stake and a hammer . vanessa tell they vanessa send you ! with that , vanessa drive the stake into Seth 's chest . ext . anthony' house - night ANTHONY stand out on he balcony , overlook a brightly light swim pool . he watch sandy swim around down below , nude . she turn over on she back and see he . sandy be not you gonna come in ? ext . harbor establish the moonlit harbor , and one sailboat in particular . int . anthony' boat - night reed sit alone in the cabin of a small , one bedroom sailboat . he hum a nondescript song to himself . ext . anthony' house , pool - night Anthony slowly cross to the pool and slip in . he go to Sandy . they begin kissing , undulate together , the water become the perfect medium for they lovemake . we see only they head above the surface of the water . Sandy start to clasp Anthony 's head in she hand , she passion become more frenzied . he kiss she , move to she ear , kiss , move down to she neck . Sandy be in total heaven , she head loll to one side . Anthony move he head back just a touch , open he mouth only long enough for we to see the glimmer of he fang ! as he bite into Sandy 's neck , she shriek and futilely try to push he away . in a moment , she be go . as Sandy 's body go limp , we see a grow cloud of scarlet blood as it seep out into the pool . int . anthony' boat - night reed sit alone in the boat , a sparsely decorate place . he 's do some light clean as he pager go off . reed rise , pick he pager off he belt and look at it . he move to the door , take he trenchcoat up along the way and exit . int . anthony' house - live room - night ANTHONY sit in he live room , smoking a cigarette on the couch . he 's watch the television . Anthony look up as he hear a key in the front door lock . he continue to watch . after a beat , there 's a knock on the door . Anthony rise and head toward the front door . he walk to the door and yank it open , revealing reed , crouch with he head by the door knob . reed be tethere to the door by a string around he neck . ANTHONY what take you so long ? reed my key . get stick . indeedoor . Anthony move reed aside and pull the key from door . reed stand up and laugh nervously . he take the key , which he wear like a pendant , and tuck it back into he shirt . Anthony walk back toward the live room . reed follow he in . Anthony look at reed impatiently . ANTHONY hurry up . reed okay . reed leave and head toward the bedroom . ANTHONY reed . reed stop . ANTHONY she 's in the pool . reed turn and look out the window , where he see the lifeless body of sandy float face down . reed oh. reed head for the front door . as Anthony continue to watch , we see reed make he way pool side . he look at the body for a long time , wonder how to get to it . then , he look over and see a pool hook . he walk over and grab the tool , then return to the pool . Anthony stand , glance out at the pool , then retrieve a large photo album from the hearth . he sit down and start to leaf through it . angle on the photo album the page it have be turn to hold a photograph of a elederly gentleman , sit with a stake in one hand . he have a young girl sit on he lap . the man be wear a celtic cross over he shirt . int . anthony' house - live room - night ANTHONY look at the album . in the background , reed lean out over the pool and try several time to hook the corpse , to no avail . finally , he balance himself precariously on one foot and extend he arm out . just as the hook encircle the body , reed lose he balance and go flail into the pool . Anthony do not even notice . reed climb out of the pool and trudge to the window . Anthony be totally absorb in the photograph . reed rap on the window . Anthony look over , see the soaking wet figure , then shake he head . Anthony close the album and return he attention to the television . reed , discourage , go back toward the pool . angle on the television we see the malibu lifeguard workout ! int . anthony' house - live room - night reed , still damp , come into the house , carry the body of sandy over he shoulder . she be wrap in a large towel . ANTHONY look up from the couch . ANTHONY finish ? reed yeah . Anthony look back at the tv . ANTHONY see you tomorrow . reed watch tv over Anthony 's shoulder . then , he take a tiny ship in a bottle from under he arm and quietly put it on the live room table . Anthony look up at reed . ANTHONY goodnight , reed . reed um. okay . g'night . reed move to the door and leave . Anthony turn off the tv and start toward he bedroom . he stop as he notice the ship . he calmly pick it up and walk to a nearby closet . he put the nicknack in the closet and resume he path to the bedroom . int . anthony' boat - night reed enter with the body of sandy . he go to he bed and throw the limp form down . he walk over to the kitchen and get a small BOWL , fill it with water , and return to the bed . reed uncover Sandy . he take a moment , look at she pale , naked body . he take a corner of the sheet and dip it in the water , then use the damp piece of cloth to sponge the blood from she body , hum to himself . reed get up and go to a closet . he rifle through it , find a camera , mount on a tripod . he go back to the bedside and set the camera up , point it at Sandy . reed flip she over and position she on the bed . he disappear . moment pass . reed return , dress in a pair of TIGER stripe brief . he take a position next to Sandy on the bed . he wrap she arm around he and lean into she . he kiss she neck as we see a white flash . int . anthony' boat - b&w we see a series of shot of reed and sandy , all in black and white , each one end with the bright flash of the camera . reed try various pose with she , end with a shot of he sit next to she , fairly relaxed . again we see a bright white flash go off . int . anthony' boat - later reed be asleep on he bed , there be no sign of Sandy . reed bolt upright as he alarm go off . he look over at the clock , it read 4:00 a.m . ext . harbor - anthony' boat - sunrise reed open a camera case and pull out a video camera . he turn on the power and walk to the bow . he point the camera at the rise sun and start to film . reed this be Tuesday . sunrise at five twenty - nine . reed try to keep a steady hand as he film . ext . harbor - anthony' boat - day reed be frantically make he way around the boat , clean it . he spit shine the tiny brass impliment , swab the deck . when he 's finish he return the camera case to the interior of the boat and step onto the dock , carry he complete video . he check he watch , then hurriedly jog back toward the parking lot . ext . hospital - parking lot - day reed pull up in the parking lot of a hospital in a beat up pick - up truck . he 's dress in Hospital white . he hop out of the truck , walk around to the back and pull out a bulky orange trashbag that read , " biological waste " . he sling the bag over he shoulder and rush toward the hospital . int . hospital - hallway - day reed walk through the hallway . he stop at a door that read , " morgue " . reed start to open the door as someone yell from down the hall , it 's dr . pez-huoy . dr . pez -huoy buckle ! reed look up . pez-huoy come over . dr . pez-huoy where in god 's name have you be ? I have get a patient wait who need he temperature take , right away . reed okay , I will be there in a sec . dr . pez-huoy you will be there now , nurse buckle . reed I just gotta take care of this .. dr . pez -huoy leave it , someone will pick it up . reed no , no..no..no .. dr . pez -huoy leave it ! reed hang he head , he back away from the door and start head down the hall . reed ( under he breath ) stupid jerk . pez-huoy look up . dr . pez -huoy oh , nurse buckle ? use a rectal thermometer . reed curse under he breath as he continue down the hall . int . vanessa's apartment - day vanessa enter she apartment , tastefully decorate , simple . she open a guatemalan backpack and pull out a small leather satchel . open the satchel , she pull out two white fang . she roll they around in she hand . as she move through the apartment , she throw she purse down on the futon . vanessa carry the fang over to a closet . she pull the closet open . Inside be the various weapon of a vampire hunter , stake , cross , garlic , hammer . she find a small wooden BOX . the box be old . on the lid be a inscription ; " to vanessa , love , Father " . vanessa open the box . Inside be several other fang . she toss the new set into the box and close it . int . hospital - pez -huoy' office - day tammy , a nine year old be scream in horror . the reason for she distress be dr . pez - huoy , who be hold a nasty look syringe . dr . pez-huoy now , now . there , there . this will only hurt for a moment . we do not want to get any viruse , do we ? reed stand nearby , watch . dr . pez -huoy nurse buckle , would you restrain she please ? reed look over and start toward tammy , who begin cry and scream even more . reed walk over and grab tammy and slam she down on the table . tammy wail . pez-huoy look over , react angrily . dr . pez -huoy nurse buckle ! reed hastily take he grip off tammy . tammy and reed both look at eachother , confuse . then , reed have a moment of inspiration . reed lean in to tammy . reed tammy , right ? tammy nod . reed pull a small finger puppet from he pocket . it 's a tiny monster . he wiggle it around . reed this be ogo - pogo . he help I , to be brave . tammy look . she stop cry for a second . reed you hold he . tammy reach out as reed take the finger puppet off he finger and hand it to tammy . tammy wiggle it around . she smile . dr . pez-huoy now , that be not so bad , be it ? tammy look over and see that pez-huoy be dabbing she arm with a gauze pad . she look back at reed . reed wink . tammy grin and look back down at the finger puppet . dr . pez -huoy okay , tamara . we be all finish . go on out and meet you mom . tammy jump off the table and run out the door . pez-huoy go over to he clipboard and write as he talk . dr . pez-huoy that be well do , nurse buckle . reed I hate shot . dr . pez -huoy yes . well , you handle that like a professional . I be very pleased . reed smile . dr . pez-huoy be that as it may , you be still unreliable . and I mean this ; if you be late once more , I will be force to replace you . be we clear ? reed nod he head . dr . pez -huoy good . then I will see you tomorrow . eight a.m . reed okay , Doc . pez-huoy exit the office . int . hospital - lab - day a nervous young lab worker , beth , be look through a microscope . reed come over and stand behind she . reed hi , Beth . Beth jump in surprise . beth reed ! you scared I . what be you do ? reed nothing . just get ready to go home . think I would stop by and say hi , see what 's new . beth well , it 's be a interesting day . I have do three celeb . reed stand there with a dull look on he face . beth Movie star . reed yeah ? beth yep . one for gonorrhea , one for herpes , and one for the whole cupcake ... all std 's . reed who ? beth you watch " baywatch " ? reed yes . of course . Beth lean into reed and whisper in he ear . reed react in shock . reed no ! Beth nod . reed look crestfallen . beth California . the land of sun , surf and sexually transmit disease . Beth go back to she microscope . int . vanessa's apartment - night vanessa be sit on she futon , sharpen a stake . she put the knife aside and shove the stake into she backpack , along with a hammer . she get up and walk to a different closet , pass a night stand on the way . on the night stand we see a photograph , depict a elderly man , a stake in one hand , he seven year old daughter on he knee . vanessa pause , look at the photograph . she absently rub she finger over the celtic cross around she neck . she open the closet and start finger through the clothes inside . she pull out she dress for the evening , a real show stop kind of number and take off toward the bathroom . ext . anthony' house - night reed sit outside Anthony 's house in he truck , hum along with the radio . he check he watch . he reach into he glove box and pull out a roll of breath mint . he pop one in he mouth and get out of the car . reed start up the driveway toward Anthony 's house . int . anthony' house - live room - night reed come in through the front door . stoop down he pull he key out of the lock , and head toward Anthony 's bedroom . his voice over continue ... reed ( vo ) see , now this be the perfect opportunity for I to explain about some of the thing that I do for Anthony that be not in my job description ; like interior design be my main attempt to create a feng shui in he place ... on he way , he glance at the live room table . reed ( vo ) he be a sailor , he love the sea , he love ship and I love they .. he make I love they and he get this thing which be hand blow and he will not put it out and it 's beautiful ... he turn and head to the closet , open it , and retrieve the ship in a bottle . he walk across the room and gently set it down on the table . reed ( vo ) and I still do not know what hand blow mean . satisfied , he turn to Anthony 's bedroom . back to top Main page