sully by Todd komarnicki base on the book " highest duty : my search for what really matter " by chesley " sully " sullenberger III and Jeffrey Zaslow this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . full blue November 18 , 2015 kiki tree picture , inc . '' 2015 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . ent . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 1. black the screen be black . but it -- shake . automate voice ( v.o. ) ' too low . too low . pull up , terrain . pull up . pull up . 's suddenly -- ext . sky - day a plane fall two storey per second . this be real ... CUT to blackout . black voice ( v.0 . ) mayday , mayday , this be cactus 1549 ! lose both engine . both engine . black whip into ... int . cockpit - day captain '' sully '' sullenberger , 57 , lithe , intense , be behind the stick of this plummete plane . alarm be sounding . cacophony . vertigo . beside sully , first Officer -- jeff skile , 49 , youthful , handsome . skile be desperately try to get the engine start again . skile no re-light . on one or two . CUT to blackout . black the screen quiver and hum . all we hear be ... ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 2 . continued : AIR traffic control ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 , you can land on runway one - three , if you want it , it 's yours . automate voice ( v.o. ) ' pull up , pull up . terrain . pull up . 's black incinerate to ... ext . engine - continuous action FIRE . both engine howling and useless . automate voice ( v.o. ) ' terrain , terrain , pull up , pull up . 's int . cockpit - continuous action sully departure control , we can make it back . we be return to LaGuardia . skile no relight . we get no power . CUT to blackout . black the sound of the alarm wail on . the rip of the fall plane through the pitiless air . smash CUT to : int . cockpit - continuous action the altimeter pin toward 0 . out the windshield , only -- water , 360 . sully ( into radio ) LaGuardia Tower , 1549 . try to make 1 - 3 . skile we be too low . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 3 . continued : automate voice ( v.o. ) ' terrain . pull up . pull up . 's CUT to blackout . black the screen rattle and short in and out . sully ( v.o. ) come on , just a little further , goddamn it . smash CUT to : ext . manhattan skyline - continuous action the Manhattan skyline appear , nearly fill the plane 's windscreen . int . cabin - same time passengers scream and panic . the hellish wait for impact . int . cockpit - continuous action sully lorrie . I love you . CUT to blackout . black silence . Long silence . crash . the -- SOUND of the plane smash into a high-rise apartment building . ext . skyline - same time the plane ... shear the fourth floor in half . the skin - crawl screech of metal on concrete on bone . explosion , as the engine catch fire and the plane careen down the city street ... ( continued ) 10 11 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 4 . continued : 9 taxis , pedestrian , all vanquish by the hurricane of violence . boom . the plane -- explode . and spread its damage as it burn . the screen fill with panic and fire and death . smash CUT to : int . darkened room - dawn 10 a man in silhouette sit up , he breath bang out of he . close on man 's face sully . breathe . haunted . smash CUT to : ext . east river bike path -— dawn 11 we be on the back of sully 's head , as he run fast and hard along the East River . then around to sully 's face , he eye dark with focus and the shadow of the nightmare he be try to shed . he wear a all - black sweatsuit , and despite the harsh cold , sweat pour down he expressionless face . not many out so early on a winter 's dawn . sully have the pathway mostly to himself . and as he run ... he can not elude the relentless sound and image of he nightmare . out of nowhere ... screech and horn of a car as sully just avoid get clipped by a pass car . sully just keep run ... west now , back into the tooth of the city . unable to get enough speed to elude he own thought . smash CUT to : 12 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 5 . int . HOTEL - room - later 12 silence . just the hum of a hotel room as sully slowly dress in he white shirt , ( no epaulet ) , and black pants . every motion he make be precise , but a beat slow . and it be too quiet in here . so he remote on the tv . every channel he check be focus on the flight 1549 MIRACLE on the hudson . Shots of the plane in the water , passengers on the wing and in the emergency raft . ecstatic survivor hugging on the dock . survive passenger barry leonard , 50 , handsome and amaze , be shiver with cold and joy while be interview by a tv reporter . barry ( v.o. ) ( Southern accent ) when I look out the window and see he be go to land we in the river ... I think ... it 's over . what else could I think ? another channel . another interview . diane higgins , 58 , lovely and stunne , be in blissful shock . diane higgins ( v.o. ) you think you be go to die , that 's what you think . and then ... miraculously ... you do not . Channel change . back to Barry . barry ( v.o. ) ( into camera ) ... I guess I could only say thank you ... thank you for save my life . sully watch the television and it feel like a show more than the news . be this he life ? diane higgins ( v.o. ) thank you , Captain . ( choke up ) thank you . thank ... ( continued ) 12 13 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 6 . continued : 12 he smooth out the line in he shirt , look in the mirror . but somehow can not quite meet he own gaze . as we push deep into sully 's eye , we hear ... charle porter ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) '' +. you . yes , thank you , Captain sullenberger , for join we today ... int . HOTEL - conference room - continuous action 13 sully and skile be sit in a halogen - bright room , with two glass of water in front of they . next to they be mike cleary , they union rep . he 's 5as , black hair , intense bear . across the table from they be the 3 ntsb member . elizabeth davis , late 40s , gentle face , BEN edward , 5as , a banker 's demeanor and focus , and charle porter , mid - 40s , Marine - tough , who be beginning the session . charle porter «+. and welcome also to first Officer skile . glad you could make it in this morning . skile not as glad as we be . slight laughter . charle porter for the record , we have a aircraft system team on this investigation , also aircraft structure , mrt , aircraft performance , atc , Wildlife factor , survival factor , and emergency response . today , we begin with we Operations and human performance investigation , of the crash of U.S. Air Flight 1549 . sully Water landing . charle porter Captain ? ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 7 . 13 continued : 13 sully this be not a crash . it be not a ditching . we know what we be execute . a force water landing . BEN edward why do not you attempt to return to LaGuardia ? sully there be simply not enough altitude . the river be the only place long enough , wide enough , and smooth enough to even attempt to land the airplane safely . BEN edward Air traffic testify that you state you be return to LaGuardia . but you do not . sully as I begin the leave turn , I realize I could not make it back . it would have rule out all other option . returning would have be a mistake . charle porter let 's get into how you calculate all that parameter . sully there be not time for calculate . I have to rely on my experience of manage the altitude and speed on thousand of flight , over four decade . charle porter you be say you ... sully eyeballed it . charle porter you eyeballe it ? sully the best chance that passenger have be on that river . I would bet my life on it . in fact , I do . and I would do it again . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 8 . 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 BEN edward Aviation engineer be theorize that you have enough energy to make it back to a runway . sully Engineers be not pilot . they be wrong . and they be not there . BEN edward regardless , we have to follow up all implication as part of we investigation . charle porter we computer will run return scenario algorithm to generate simulation with you exact parameter . the dual engine loss , the altitude . everything you face when you make you decision . sully I would like to oversee that computer simulation . BEN edward not possible during a investigation . charle porter you state it be a dual engine failure due to multiple bird - strike . BEN edward that would be unprecedented . sully everything be unprecedented . until it happen the first time . the tension escalate . Mike cleary shoot sully a look to calm he down . but -- sully dig in as the question continue to come in a overlap blur . BEN edward how much sleep do you get the night before ? sully 8 hour . enough . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 9 . 13 continued : ( 3 ) 13 charle porter be it possible you blood sugar be low ? sully I be rest . completely aware of my surroundings . charle porter when be you last drink , Captain sullenberger ? sully a week ago . BEN edward drug ? sully no. never . charle porter first Officer skile ? skile do not drink . never have . charle porter Captain . how about any trouble at home ? a beat . sully no more than anyone else . and nothing that affect my work . 14 int . car - night 14 darkness . it 's only 5 pm , but night press in through the window of the car drive sully and skile and cleary . in the backseat , sully look exhaust . skile sit in the front seat , fume . skile why be they look for something we do wrong , when it all turn out right ? it 's bullshit . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 10 . 14 continued : 14 cleary it do not turn out all right for the airline and they insurance company . we should expect some blowback . skile come on , Mike . what be they go to say , that he should not have save everybody ? sully it 's not personal , the ntsb be do they job . once they have all the fact , it 'il calm down . skile they should just pin on the medal and send you back to work . sully do not answer . instead , he start to dial he cell . sully phone ( v.o . ) ' the voice mailbox of lorrie sullenberger be full and cannot receive further message . 's sully I do not call she since this morning . but apparently everyone else do . angle on the driver a handsome egyptian man in he early 5as . he take the silence as a chance to speak . driver not meaning to bother , but I have to say , it be a honor drive you today . sully thank you . driver what have it be this year so far ? bernie madoff , the two war without end , many million new people with no work ... and that be just the first two week of January . ( beat ) Friday 's headline ? this be beautiful . ( continued ) 14 15 16 17 18 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 1 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 Driver hold up the Jan. 16th DAILY news . its headline read ... '' hero on the hudson . '' with sully 's photo inset . skile hey , Mike . how about we add the driver as a character witness ? the car stop as it await its chance to turn into the hotel entrance . traffic keep they at bay for the moment . ext . alex HOTEL - same time 15 a pack of paparazzi be wait . int . car —- continuous action 16 sully see the press and look away . then he pull out he cell phone . try lorrie one more time . it ring and ring and ring . intercut with : ext . sullenberger backyard ( danville , CA ) - same time 17 lorrie sullenberger , 50 , fit , pretty , be in the backyard . she answer she cell . lorrie finally . sully the ntsb have we tie up all day . lorrie I just want to hear you voice on the phone . be hearing everyone else 's . you would be amaze at how many ' cousin 's you have . ext . HOTEL - same time 18 Driver finally make the turn and stop outside the hotel . cameras press up against the window , strobing sully like a night at Studio 54 . a bellman open the back door of the town car and the rush of noise be deafen . sully have to yank it shut again to hear lorrie . ( continued ) 18 19 20 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 12 . continued : 18 sully do not feel like family here . ext . sullenberger house - same time 19 crane up from the b.g. to reveal they little street be clotted with worldwide media . two dozen news truck . parabolic mic , horde of photojournalists . the doorbell ring , the home phone ring , news truck honk as they crowd the tiny street . lorrie pretty quiet here , too . sully 's door get open again . mayhem in the street . chant of '' sully ... sully ... sully . '' lorrie the reporter want I to give a update . Inside the mind of sully . what should I tell they ? sully just tell they ... lorrie I can not hear you . call I back without the cheerleader . sully I be say to tell ... lorrie I can not hear you . call . me. back . lorrie hang up . ext . HOTEL - same time 20 sully get out of the car with skile exite the other side . and like Michael Jordan and the rest of the bull , the press try to swarm sully , and let skile slip through almost imperceptibly . skile wave amiably to sully , happy to avoid the crush . and sully be leave behind , encircle by cop keep the tangle of camera , arm , and microphone fifteen foot back . ( continued ) 20 21 22 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 13 . continued : 20 the reporter shout they question . reporter # 1 how do it feel to be a miracle maker ? reporter # 2 show we you cape , Super sully ! reporter # 3 how do you pull off the impossible ? time slow . each flashbulb like a blow to a boxer 's head . sully wince , blink , and finally close he eye . his anonymity be go . forever . and maybe more than that . int . HOTEL - bathroom - later 21 the shower burn . the bathroom be so full of steam that visibility be almost go . the tub be run hot water and so be the sink . sully have stuff towel under the door to maximize the steam effect . finally , amidst the murk , we see sully sit on the edge of the tub , with a wet towel over he head . in closeup we see he be take long , deep breath . try to slow down he heart , which be still beat at double its regular rate . it 's not work . int . HOTEL - bathroom / bedroom - minute later 22 the water be all stop now , though steam linger . sully wipe the mirror to see he reflection and it come back diffuse . unclear in all the heat . and then the -- noise . the unmistakable roar of a plane plummete to the ground . deafen . he feel the sound crash towards he , louder and louder . and louder . as sully hurry in to escape the sound , he find ... ( continued ) 22 23 24 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 14 . continued : 22 silence . the sound be go . only the slow tick of the bedside clock . and the fast tick of he own troubled heart . everything feel unsafe . even the ground beneath he foot . int . sullenberger home - later 23 the silhouettes of several photographer and reporter shadow the front window as -- lorrie cross in front , dial the home phone . she walk downstairs as she wait . after several ring , it 's pick up . lorrie I be think about run over the press with the car . self - defense . think a jury would convict ? int . HOTEL room - same time 24 sully , in a robe , with a beer in hand , be on the line . sully yes . okay . good . intercut : lorrie I be take that as permission . the cop will be come after you . sully whenever you be ready . lorrie sully . be you even listen to I ? sully be there a strange buzz on this line ? do you hear a buzz ? maybe we should talk later . lorrie honey . I have be wait all day . this be later . be you okay ? ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 15 . 24 continued : 24 sully of course . tire . that 's it . ( beat ) how be the girl ? lorrie they're ... a little overwhelm . ( beat ) sound like you be , too . sully they will be all right . it 's a lot . the sound of a photographer 's camera clinking against the kitchen window as the photographer come too close . lorrie yes , it be . lorrie draw the kitchen curtain , then remote - on the kitchen tv . pull back to reveal lorrie have mute it . lorrie the whole world 's talk about you . my sully . I still can not believe it . no answer . sully they need I here longer . for the ntsb investigation . do I tell you that already ? lorrie sully , what be it ? sully just tired . I apologize if I do not tell you . lorrie you do not have to apologize . you be where you need to be . sully I just want you to know . I do the best I could . lorrie of course you do . you save everyone . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 16 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 sully maybe we can talk tomorrow . the fatigue be ... it feel like someone be inside my skin , sit on my bone . lorrie do you want I to come be with you ? sully thank you , lorrie . but the girl ... need you there . ( beat ) tell they I love they , okay ? lorrie I love you . get some sleep . sully yeah . and maybe when I wake up , it will be January 14th . that would be nice . they hang up . both stand still . 3,000 mile of distance between they . and somehow , even further apart . dissolve to black . 25 over black 25 katie couric ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) why Captain sullenberger make that fateful decision to turn the Hudson River into a runway , only he can answer ... but we now know that it be the wrong choice ... fade in : int . HOTEL room - later sully 's in he sweat . '' CBS News '' be on , the volume peak , replaying endless clip of the Miracle on the Hudson . on tv , katie couric stand by the Hudson River . katie couric ( v.o. ) «+ . a choice that endangered the life of all on board . ( more ) ( continued ) 25 26 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 17 . continued : 25 katie couric ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and while much of the country hail he as a hero , this new information will certainly change everyone 's understanding of the so - call ' Miracle on the Hudson . 's sometimes firework only exist to disguise fraud . from the bank of the Hudson , I be Katie couric . CBS News . sully jerk awake . he 's lie down in the hotel room . but the tv have be off the entire time . in fact , it 's unplugged . he rub he face , wishing he could get he hand inside he skull to silence he brain . the clock read 12:41 am . he pick up he phone several time . half dial lorrie . quit . finally pick up the hotel phone and dial a extension . two ring until ... int . jeff skile 's HOTEL room - same time 26 skile be sit in a chair next to he make bed , drink a soda , eat a mini-bar snicker . he grab the ringing phone . skile hello ? sully ( v.o. ) Jeff . sorry to call this late . intercut : skile it 's okay . no sleep in this room , either . can you believe they charge five dollar for a snicker ? I could bankrupt the airline in about four bite . sully just want to see if ... maybe you want ... skile .».. to talk ? absolutely . let 's grab some air ... 27 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 18. ext . 5 th avenue - minute later 27 the wind - whipped street be empty and the close storefront and window display make the street feel even emptier . the night be mean with cold and sully and skile walk north on 5th Avenue , bundle up . word do not come easy . skile you enjoy the shake , the nightmare , and the rabbit heartbeat ? sully a little bit . ( beat ) the union offer we counseling ... skile what be they go to say ? you be in a plane crash . and live . it may have a minor impact on you day - to-day . sully I just ... hate not be able to control this process . I want myself back . skile I be hope that six month from now , we will just be laugh about how we get to meet David letterman . sully we be do ' letterman 's ? skile right after the ntsb interview . I be guess Dave will be funnier . sully it 's all so surreal . I guess I be just have a little trouble separate reality from ... whatever the hell this be . skile this ... be two man freezing they ass off . ( continued ) 27 28 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 19 . continued : 27 they laugh , the steam from they mouth like unspoken thought . skile sully ... do not worry . you dida great thing and it 's go to be remember for a very long time . sully funny thing be ... I have deliver a million passenger , over 40 year in the air ... and in the end I 'il be judge on 208 second . skile come on . tomorrow 's go to be a good day . Computer sim will prove you be right and we can all put we wing back on . sully you be right . you be right . all back to normal . extreme closeup - sully 's eye the street light reflect , as we ... match dissolve to : another extreme closeup - sully 's eye 28 light still reflect , but this be tv light . pull back to reveal he be sit across from ... int . HOTEL room - day katie couric and she camera crew . sully ... it be obvious this be a critical situation ... lose thrust in both engine , at a low altitude ... over one of the most densely populate area on the planet ... katie couric but choose to land on the Hudson ... there be still a big if ... ( continued ) 28 29 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 20 . continued : 28 sully I be sure I could do it . katie couric you be ? sully yes . katie couric how do you feel about people call you a hero ? sully I do not feel like a hero . I be just a man do he job . katie couric the right man for the job , at the right time . you have be fly for nearly 40 year . sully 42 . it have be my life . my whole life . sully 's eye spark bright for a moment as we -- zoom into they and come back out through -- flashback - int . bi - plane - day ( april 3 , 1967 ) 29 see all of denison , Texas stretch out below he . sixteen -year-old sully sit in the front of this tandem two -seater prop plane . in the backseat be l.t. cook , 5as , clean - shaven and gruff , but aware he 's witness the birth of a pilot . l.t. cook you aircraft . in the roar of the tiny cockpit , l.t. cook circle the stick to signal it 's sully 's plane , then take he hand off the override control . sully circle he stick back in response . sully ( amaze ) my aircraft . sully fly . he dip low over the verdant Texas landscape . low enough for he parent -- ( continued ) 29 30 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 21 . continued : 29 chesley and pauline sullenberger to wave up at he , proudly . he soar back up against the perfect blue and he look absolutely in control . and free . look like he never want to come down . ext . landing strip - minute later 30 sully land the plane on he own . when the wheel touch down , it 's as if sully 's memorize the feel . the thrill . he be up there . now he 's down here . he do it . him . he and l.t. disembark and stand on the grass strip as the propeller do its final spin . l.t. cook I ‘’1l be busy crop dusting in the Super cub the rest of the summer . so you can take the plane up , I guess . when you please . sully do not say anything . l.t. cook still six buck a hour . I x11 consider it lesson time . a pilot never stop acquire knowledge . you 'il make mistake , everyone do . just learn from they . sully yes , sir . l.t. cook and never forget , no matter what 's happen , to fly the airplane . sully absolutely , sir . l.t. cook one other thing . and this be important . sully yes , sir ? l.t. cook you can go ahead and smile . sully 's face unleash a deeply satisfied smile . 31 32 33 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 22. int . bi - plane - another day 31 sully fly alone , try out new maneuver . memorize everything on the panel , constantly testing himself , improve . he bank into the blue , and when he return to level , we be ... int . bi - plane - another day 32 and this time he mother be on board . pauline sullenberger be 41 and attractive . she 's also relaxed , hand calmly on she lap , as if out for a Sunday drive . sully you stomach 's not queasy , Mom ? mother no. sully not too noisy for you ? mother no , now let 's enjoy . just go low and slow . she reach over and squeeze he shoulder . mother you realize that if you have study piano like this , we have be on we way to Carnegie Hall now . sully this be my piano , mom. ( pause ) and I can still get we to Carnegie Hall . they laugh and she squeeze he hand , beyond proud . push in close on sully 's joy-filled face , not a drop of sweat despite the Texas heat ... match dissolve to : int . HOTEL - day ( present ) 33 sully 's face , now 57 , and moist with sweat . the Katie couric interview be over . light get switch off , camera pack up . Katie 's long go , and -- ( continued ) 33 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 23 . continued : 33 alison , cute , mid -20s , be remove the rest of sully 's foundation , but he can not stop sweat . sully sorry about the perspiration . alison after what you do , I have think that Katie could not be too intimidating . sully not Katie . the light and camera she bring with she . alison ( beat ) all do . alison get on tiptoe and kiss sully 's cheek . alison that be from my mom . her name 's Brenda . she say to say thank you , and she 's single . they laugh . sully tell Brenda thanks , but I have get a girl at home . alison lucky woman . alison exit and ... sully be alone . wait in this strange hotel room , amidst the silence of not know what be go to happen next ... he feel like the last man on Earth . he stare out onto the street of Midtown 30 floor below . reflected in the window , we see the city before he . and then ... a plane ... plummete towards the Manhattan skyline . sully Pov as the jet descend relentlessly across the canyon of building , hide by high -rise and then reappearing , like a ghost that will not perish . ( continued ) 33 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 24 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 half the leave wing sever free as it slam a building , then the plane vanish again , behind a wall of skyscraper . boom . the plane detonate out of view , fire and debris lick out and around , still visible ... the explosion echoing through the street . man ( 0.s . ) sully . sully ... close on sully still gaze out the window . his eye be vacant , he nightmare still shadow he . but there be no reflection in the window . and outside , there be no plane in ruin . no fire . just the city in motion . man ( 0.s. ) sully ! finally , sully whiplash back to find -- Mike cleary , he union rep , stand by the door . cleary sully , where be you ? sully look out the window one last time . nothing . cleary I be stand here , call you name ... what 's up with you ? sully keep stare out . transfix . cleary you need to get focus , because the media request avalanche continue . Larry rooney volunteer to jump in and ride shotgun with you the rest of the way . think you might need a friend . he will take you to today 's ntsb meeting . ( beat ) sully . be you hearing I ? sully finally look at cleary . ( continued ) 33 34 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 25 . continued : ( 3 ) 33 cleary airbus complete they computer simulation as well . sully good. good . that will help . cleary there 's something else . arnie gentile call ... he get the acar data . ( beat ) the leave engine be still operate at idle . sully feel like he 's be stab . sully that 's not possible . I feel it go . it be like be stop in mid-air . cleary arnie say there be a chance it be sub-idle . that it still could have have thrust . sully do not answer . cleary just think you should know . since the ntsb already do . ext . HOTEL - later 34 wolf pack of paparazzi at the hotel door , as -- sully exit the hotel where the Katie couric interview just take place . his eye show a unfamiliar reticence , and he scan the crowd for a familiar face . he find one in -- larry rooney . 47 , stocky , friendly , intense . he wear a U.S. Air uniform , snugly over a slight paunch . Larry wave from beside the car and sully slowly make he way through the mayhem . Larry pull he free of the final stranger , into a vehicle . ( continued ) 34 35 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 26 . continued : 34 int . car - continuous action sully Larry . Nice to finally see a friendly face . the town car 's dark window turn the media throng into a horde of silhouettes . larry might be the last one you see today . smash CUT to : int . ntsb hearing - later 35 the tension be high as sully and skile sit across from the investigator . rooney be by they side for support . and -- skile be rile up . skile be not it a little early in the year to go fishing ? charle porter seek the fact be hardly fishing , Mr. skile . skile okay . then here be the most important fact . there be only two people who know what happen in the cockpit that day , and I be one of they . charle porter and we appreciate you perspective ... skile why do you think we be even here today ? it 's because Captain sullenberger do not head back to LaGuardia . no response . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 27 . 35 continued : 35 skile look , I just finish training on the a320 , and I can tell you that the only reason the plane operate as well as it do , that the aircraft could land anywhere , be because Captain sullenberger turn on the auxiliary power unit . elizabeth davis he be simply follow the qrh ... skile no . he be not follow the proper procedure at all . and I know , because I have the qrh in my hand . the board lean forward . interested . skile he switch on the apu immediately after engine roll back . accord to airbus , that 's the fifteenth thing on the list to do . fifteenth . silence . skile if he have follow the damn rule , we would all be dead . ( heating up ) maybe that 's the part you do not like . you be not use to have answer to you guess . sully ( smoothing ) look , what Jeff be say be that I know the a320 . what it do and do not do . I have read countless cvr transcript of decease pilot and I have significant accident investigation experience . charle porter there be no question that you be a experience , dedicated , talented professional . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 28 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 BEN edward but all the flight you pilote before January 15th and every crash you investigate be not the purview of this investigation . only U.S. Airways 1549 matter today . the room take a breath . elizabeth davis you union have be advise ... acar data relay that the leave engine continue to turn throughout the flight . sully then the data would be wrong . elizabeth davis the evidence show the leave engine be at idle or sub-idle immediately follow the bird strike . sully ( punch ) show I the leave engine and it 'il be dead geese and no power . elizabeth davis the leave engine be lose in the crash , due to the extensive damage on touchdown , but we ’1ll circle back to that . let 's assume it be , as you say , a dual engine loss due to bird strike ... charle porter you weight be 151,510 lb . wind and temperature , N - NW , 21 degree . speed and altitude , 200 knot at 2,818 foot . agreed ? sully that 's correct . BEN edward we be able to run all the algorithm concurrently . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 29 . 35 continued : ( 3 ) 35 charle porter and the result computer simulation of U.S. Airways Flight 1549 show that the aviation engineer ... be correct . BEN edward there be enough altitude and speed after the bird strike , for a successful return to LaGuardia . sully ( dubious ) successful ? charle porter the plane land at LaGuardia . intact . undamage . skile you get that from one computer simulation ? BEN edward no. from twenty . charle porter include attempt for Teterboro runway 19 , and LaGuardia , runway 22 and 13 . every computer simulation , with the exact flight parameter , demonstrate that a return be possible . and not just possible . probable . the room go ghost quiet . BEN edward do anyone need to hear further computer evidence ? silence . BEN edward Captain sullenberger , first Officer skile ? sully ( shake ) not at this time . skile no . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 30 . 35 continued : ( 4 ) 35 sully I would like to go over all the parameter use ... BEN edward we will make they available to the union . larry rooney thank you . elizabeth davis and once the investigation be complete , we will be able to share the actual computer simulation . for now , they remain confidential . we can not afford a leak to the press . ( beat ) there 's be far too much talk in the press already . ntsb stand . the room be somber . charle porter when the complete cockpit Voice record be compile , with atc , and all on - board transcript combine , we will call you back . the ntsb exit . so do Larry rooney , who follow they out with hushed question . only sully and skile remain . sully look stunne . skile they be play pac-man , you be fly a plane full of human being . sully somehow . not the way I remember it . it just do not seem right . skile because it 's not right . sully , you do everything you could . and it be more than enough . ask the passenger . ask you wife and kid . ask mine . the two man stare straight ahead , dumbfounded by the turn of event . push in closer . closer ... match dissolve to : 36 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 31 . int . HOTEL room - extreme closeup - sully and skile 's 36 face ... pixilate ... because we be watch they on tv . they expression be now strain smile , as they weather lighthearted question from -- david letterman . letterman ( v.o. ) the first thing , the only thing the Captain say over the radio ... pull back from the closeup to reveal that sully and skile be both in full uniform and be stand behind flight attendant . donna dent , 51 , short hair , lovely smile ... sheila dail , a very pretty and young 57 ... and doreen welsh , 50 , strong , confident ... on the set of '' David letterman '' . letterman ( v.o. ) «+. be ' brace for impact 's ? donna ( v.o . ) ' brace for impact . 's yes . the flight attendant all have the wonder of survival on they face . and -- skile seem utterly at ease under the light . sully look hemmed in . the one person at the dance who be hearing a different music . pull back all the way to reveal -- sully have be watch he and the crew 's performance on letterman , tape earlier that night , on he hotel room television . he hold he cell phone to he ear as it ring out . letterman ( v.o . ) ( on tv ) ' brace for impact . 's ever hear that before , come out of a cockpit ? donna ( v.o . ) ( on tv ) no , not ever . ( continued ) 36 37 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 32 . continued : 36 letterman ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) ever hear that in any other aspect of you life ? the audience and the crew laugh , but sully 's no longer listen , he 's connect on the phone with ... intercut with : int . sullenberger house - same time 37 lorrie . she 's on the cordless , walk through they house . lorrie I be sure you be fine . sully nervous as hell . Jeff be relaxed and funny . he should be get all the interview request . lorrie how long before we get you back ? sully I do not know . lorrie the girl miss you . I miss you . lorrie peek out the curtain . all the media truck remain . lorrie be they pay you to do all this media stuff , at least ? sully it 's news , lorrie . no payment necessary . lorrie wish the bank feel the same way . lorrie reach they bedroom , only she side of the bed sleep in . she take a open envelope off the nightstand . it 's a bank statement . sully what do you mean ? ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 33 . 37 continued : 37 lorrie it 's just ... we get another notice about the space in butte County . sully we will find a tenant . it take time . lorrie you have be say that for nine month , sully , and it 's still vacant . sully the economy ... have to take a turn ... lorrie if we lose that space , it feel like the next domino to fall ... be the house . sully we be not go to lose the house . lorrie , what be you ...? lorrie I be sorry . feeling a little anxious and alone at the moment . not a lot of sleep ... sully I know . not much sleep here , either . lorrie just tell I you 'il be back in the air soon . sully not before the ntsb finish the investigation . lorrie we need you fly . sully well , they be in no rush . it 's they job to scrutinize every think I have , every syllable I uttere , every choice I make . lorrie of course you will be back fly . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 34 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 sully lor . if it go badly , my career as a safety expert will end as a website and a business card . lorrie I be more worried about you career as a pilot . a pause . then ... sully what if I do blow it ? lorrie wait . sully if I get this wrong , so close to the end of my career ... if I endangered that passenger 's life ... lorrie sully . watch the news . you be a hero . and everybody 's go to have to get use to it . include the ntsb . sully the ntsb do not like heroes . they like to find and assign responsibility . lorrie ( worried ) what do you mean ' responsibility ? 's sully worst case scenario , the ntsb list I as the probable cause ... immediate retirement . no pension ... a life 's work ... go . lorrie I do not understand what you be say ... this could all fall on we ? sully if it 's my fault , it should . lorrie what fault ? you win . they can not take that away from you . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 35 . 37 continued : ( 3 ) 37 sully since I be 16 with l.t. , the one thing I have focus on be excellence . attention to every last detail . and now they be etching my epitaph as , ' he crash a 60 million - dollar airplane in the river . 's goddammit . I feel like I be in a vice , but I be the one who can not stop tightening it . lorrie you be scare I . sully , what 's go on ? Long silence . sully the leave engine ... it might have still be idling . and the airbus computer simulation ... they say I could have make it back . lorrie 's worry be a unspoken sound . sully it do not make any sense . do not jibe with what it feel like in the cockpit , but ... dammit . lorrie why do you do it ? sully . land in the water ? sully hear the roar of applause and laughter from the '' letterman '' show , in direct contrast to how far away he wife and he old life feel . lorrie be not that the most dangerous thing you could have do ? sully I do it because ... I know ... I think ... it be the only chance for survival . lorrie hear the uncharacteristic doubt in she husband 's voice . she look at the bank notice and other unopen bill . ( continued ) 37 38 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) continued : ( 4 ) lorrie now all we have to do be survive survive . Long silence . two people breathe , unable to find the word . lorrie come home . sully I can not . lorrie why not ? sully ever have the feel ... that you do not want to be anywhere at all ? lorrie thanks , sully . sully it 's not you , lorrie . I need you . and the girl . I just , I be not myself . if I do fly back , it would not be I you be get . lorrie what happen up there , sully ? sully I think I know . 36 . smash CUT to : flashback - int . laguardia airport - day ( jan . sully roll airport and stop for a 46 , a indian woman . sully the tuna / basil , gursimran ? or the ham and cheddar . gursimran tuna / basil , Mr. sully . very fresh . ( beat ) be careful up there , too cold today . too much cold . 15 , 2009 ) he carry - on luggage through the crowded he 's get a friendly word for everyone . he sandwich from he regular vendor , gursimran , ( continued ) 37 38 * sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 37 . 38 continued : 38 sully when be you go to come fly with I ? gursimran when U.S. AIR start flight to hyderabad . sully ( laugh ) let I talk to the chairman . see what I can do . sully pay and roll on , but -- camera linger behind to find -- diane higgins , 58 , attractive and bright -ey , push she mother , lucille palmer , 85 , in a airport wheelchair . Lucille have a elegant sweep of light gray hair , a gorgeous , brand new , green , velour pantsuit . anda mischievous smile and spirit . lucille just a little something . diane higgins the suitcase be already overstuff with gift for will . lucille always fun to get something from the airport . feel like you travel , too . diane higgins Mom . he 's turn one . do not think he ’1ll be discern what gift come from where . lucille but I will . ( beat ) maybe a snow globe . something he 'il remember . something New York . diane higgins ( teasing ) be you this generous when we be kid ? lucille okay , sweetheart . I / ’11l get youa snow globe , too . ( continued ) 38 39 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 mother and daughter laugh and move toward the Lady Liberty snow globe . int . cockpit - same time 39 sully be settling in alongside he first Officer , Jeff skile , and run he pre-flight routine to the letter . skile ecam ( ee ’kam ) . sully checked . skile mcdu ( m-c -d-u ) . sully set . skile altimeter verify three - zero-two - three . sully Three -zero-two-three . skile start checklist complete . ( pause ) really think they 'il release we ? sully just check the latest report ... we be clear all the way to Charlotte . skile then steak at Del Frisco 's . on I . sully never be . I hear good thing . skile the rib - eye will break you heart . sully I be more of a porterhouse man . skile the porterhouse will stop you heart . 40 41 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 39 . int . airport terminal - same time 40 Three men in a hurry , racing toward a gate . rob kolodjay , 60 , handsome and rumple in equal measure , try to keep pace with the hurry -- jeff kolodjay , he son . Jeff be 31 and young De niro good -look . keeping stride with Jeff be -- jimmy stefanik , 27 , a cousin , with close - cropped hair and a worried face . rob Jeff , we be not go to make it . jeff be wait a year for this trip , dad . I be not miss this flight . ( beat ) we will meet you at the gate . Jeff and Jimmy take off into a full run . Rob slow , catch he breath . int . gate 21 - moment later 41 Jeff and Jimmy slalom through a final clutch of people and reach the gate for Flight 1549 . no line . just a extremely pretty gate attendant , name tag '' emily . '' she be 38 and focus on she paperwork . jimmy Spirit send we . we get cancel and they say we be reroute . that you guy have seat . Emily do not look up . emily Flight be close . jeff wait . wait . see the old guy , just limping up ? that 's my dad . he need to be on this flight . it 's a emergency . emily ( dubious ) what kind of emergency ? ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 40 . 41 continued : 41 jeff a golf emergency . Emily can not suppress a grin . emily i.d.s , please . how many people be travel ? jeff Three . and thank you ... emily nothing together . jeff Hell . I x11 fly on the wing . Rob finally reach the gate , a little wind . rob cancel , right ? ought to be . emily here we go. ( extend board pass ) 22a , 6a , and 6c . 42 int . cockpit - continuous action 42 skile I google you last night . read all about you company on you website . impressive . sully thanks . skile man , I think I be a good bullshitter , but you could go pro . sully hey . skile I be only teasing . but the site do make you air safety consulting business sound like you have get about 100 employee and headquarters in three state . but then , when I dig deeper , I realize ... it 's only you . ( continued ) 42 43 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 41 . continued : 42 sully go easy , I be just get it go . ( beat ) not usually accuse of be a bullshitter . skile do not take it wrong . actually a compliment . off that website ... I would hire you . int . plane - moment later 43 Sheila be prepare to close the main cabin door when -- Rob , Jeff , and Jimmy appear , just slip on . they walk down the aisle , squeezing by people jam oversize bag into the overhead bin . Jeff start head further down the aisle . rob where you head ? Jeff , we be here in 6 . jeff that 's all Jimmy . I be up ' till three . I need to sleep . rob you can sleep here . jeff not with you verbally walk the course the whole flight . ' think I will go ... with the nine iron on the 7th . 's no. no. good night ... as Jeff walk deeper into the cabin , he pass passenger with baby , 33 , a lovely mother sit alone with she eight - month - old , damian . the baby rifle through the seat- back magazine and safety instruction like he 's look for treasure . sitting at the window by the woman be jim whitaker , gentle , 46 , and busy scoop up what damian be toss . passenger with baby I be sorry . he like to throw everything . ( continued ) 43 44 45 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 42 . continued : 43 jim whitaker ( smile ) perfect . I like to catch everything . Jeff walk deeper into the plane , past a couple speak in Russian ... past a man speedily texting before the door get cross - check . past a woman wrestle with a too-big bag in a too-small overhead . Jeff deliver the final shove and the bag jam into place . int . cabin - continuous action 44 donna begin the safety instruction over the PA while -- Sheila demonstrate in the front of the cabin and doreen demonstrate at the back . all three work with practice and professional enthusiasm . almost -- no one be pay attention . donna ( v.o. ) «+. please review the safety instruction card in the seat - back pocket in front of you ... 80 % of the passenger be mentally elsewhere . reading magazine , catch a snooze . donna ( v.o. ) «+. you seat cushion serve as a flotation device ... int . cockpit - continuous action 45 skile LaGuardia ramp , cactus 1549 , ready for pushback at gate 21 . radio ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 , gate 21 , clear to push , spot 28 , ground for taxi . sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 43 . 46 int . plane - same time 46 the flight attendant do final check , buckle in , and then they feel the plane -- halt on the tarmac . donna check she watch as Sheila join she in the galley . sheila just once , I have like to get out of LaGuardia on time . donna Sheila , you know there 's only one way to depart LaGuardia on time . sheila what 's that ? donna fly out of JFK . they laugh . 47 int . cockpit - continuous action 47 skile takeoff minute . fuel quantity , verify . 19,000 pound require , we get 21.8 onboard . sully 19,000 pound require , 21.8 onboard . tower radio ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 , runway four , clear for takeoff . sully cactus 1549 , clear for takeoff . skile pick up speed as they begin down the runway . skile toga . sully toga set . they build acceleration ... ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 44 , 47 continued : 47 sully 80 . skile checked . sully V one , rotate . they liftoff and start to climb . sully positive rate . skile gear up , please . sully gear up . sully unclip he shoulder harness , as be he ritual , and slip out of it for comfort during the flight . it could not be more beautiful . up above the weather , the sky be stun . sunlight reflect off the Hudson like a million spill diamond . this be the glory of fly . sully what a view of the Hudson . ( beat ) I will never get over how beautiful it be up here . skile life 's easier in the air . sully yes . it. be . skile guide the plane higher . the splendor of the New York skyline appear off in the distance . a moment of quiet wonder . until a sudden black curtain of geese cover the windshield and darken they view up ahead . sully bird ! skile oh , shit ! 48 49 50 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 45 . int . engine - continuous action 48 geese from the flock get sucked into each engine . blood . shredd bone and metal . both engine cough and bang to a -- stop . FIRE rage in the right engine well . useless . int . cockpit - continuous action 49 the alarm begin to chime . bang and ringing every 5.7 second . sully be Wyatt earp calm amidst the madness of the alarm . sully we get one roll ... both of ‘em roll back . ignition start . ( beat ) I be start the apu . he turn on the auxiliary power unit . the engine be toast , but the plane 's flight control can now continue to work . he 's buy they a sliver of time . sully my aircraft . sully take over fly the plane , despite feel the narrowing of he vision and the spike of he pulse . he force himself to concentrate . skile you aircraft . sully get the qrh . loss of thrust on both engine . int . AIR traffic control - same time 50 the room be fill with controllers and supervisors behind they console . another day of focus and detail . ( continued ) 50 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 46 . continued : 50 angle on patrick harten sully ( v.0o . ) ( into radio ) mayday , mayday , mayday . this be cactus 1549 . hit bird . 34 - year-old , stocky , handsome , thick New York accent . Patrick , the act , have not heart sully 's mayday . he have key he microphone and be talk to another depart aircraft in he charge , oblivious to the danger . patrick ( relaxed ) maintain one - five thousand , Delta . Patrick release he mic , sip he coffee in time to finally hear . sully we have lose thrust on both engine . we be turn back towards LaGuardia . Patrick jump on the emergency immediately . patrick okay , cactus 1549 , turn leave head two-two-zero . ( beat ) which engine do you lose ? sully ( v.o. ) both . both engine . Patrick go off radio and shout to he supervisor , 54 , thin , vigilant , two console away . patrick supe , I have a emergency . supervisor hustle to Patrick 's console . plug he headset into the console above Patrick 's . supervisor what 's the report ? patrick both engine . supervisor what ? ( continued ) 50 51 52 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 50 patrick both engine go . no thrust . supervisor ( receive info over headset ) LaGuardia say bring he around to one - three . patrick ( into radio ) cactus 1549 , if we can get it for you , do you want to try runway one - three ? int . cockpit - same time 51 alarm be chatter at sully . ringing . warning . the plane be drop . two storey per second . but he remain steadfast . sully ( realize ) unable . we may end up in the Hudson . int . AIR traffic control - same time 52 Patrick work the touch screen to carve out a path to Teterboro . supervisor be on the phone call for rescue support from the Coast Guard , police helicopter , any and everyone . Patrick demand the rest of the controller 's attention . patrick I have get a a320 diving for the river . Patrick turn to he colleague , Al , at the next console . patrick Al , stack all the inbound to LaGuardia . sully ( v.o. ) what about New Jersey ? maybe Teterboro ? patrick ( into radio ) Teterboro Tower , I need a runway . ( more ) ( continued ) 52 53 54 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 48 . continued : 52 patrick ( cont 'd ) cactus 1549 need to go to the airport right now . Newark Tower , what have you get ? newark tower ( v.o. ) you have runway 2 - 9 , clear and ready . need emergency ...? patrick yes . Patrick look back at the radar screen just as -- the L.A. ( low altitude ) light flash on - screen and the data block spell out the rapid descent . the msaw play out the beep - beep - beep alarm of a plane in altitude danger . on the screen , the plane drop as if off a cliff . patrick shit. ( into radio ) cactus 1549 , turn right two - eight - zero . you can land runway one , Teterboro and I also get you Newark , off you two o'clock . int . cockpit - same time 53 push into sully 's eye . the reflection of the sun off the river close enough to reflect in he calm eye ... as we see he make the decision . sully we can not do it . we be gonna be in the Hudson . int . AIR traffic control - continuous action 54 1549 vanish from the radar screen . patrick cactus 1549 radar contact lose . you also get Newark off you two o'clock in about seven mile . silence . Patrick 's heart be in he throat . patrick ( off radio ) do not go in the river . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 55 56 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 49 . continued : 54 patrick ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) 1549 ? you ... still on ? no response . Patrick work the touchscreen , the radar screen , anything to bring the plane back . patrick ( into radio ) cactus 1549 , if you can ... you get * runway two - nine available at * Newark it 'il be two o'clock and * seven mile . * Patrick 's whole be will contact . none come . patrick ( off radio ) come on . please , God . * supervisor look at Patrick 's blank screen . hang up he phone line . supervisor Patrick . I be sorry . patrick he 's inbound to Newark , I know it . he just go off the box to focus . supervisor Patty . patrick he 'il come back up . he 's on he way to Teterboro . we need other eye and ear . ( into radio ) attention , all aircraft in * vicinity of the GW , we have a * a320 on emergency descent ... * ext . hudson river - same time 55 a sightseeing helicopter be darting its way above the city skyline . int . helicopter - same time 56 a male pilot , 40 , scattered whisker , operate the copter , with two tourist , a young french couple on a honeymoon , in back . ( continued ) 56 57 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 50 . continued : 56 male pilot when we come around this bend , we will be look at the u.s.s. Intrepid . one of New York 's ... Pilot pause as over the radio he hear ... patrick ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 be low level , above the Hudson . just as 1549 come into view ... two hundred foot below they . male Pilot increase altitude to create space and key the radio . male pilot this be four - six - one Sierra Alpha . I have he . patrick ( v.o. ) okay , okay . int . AIR traffic control - continuous action 57 patrick I have get a chopper with visual . I be stay on this . supervisor back off a few foot . patrick he 's out there , he 's head to Newark . Seven mile , only seven mile . Patrick change transmitter to the '' remote transmitter . '' patrick ( into radio ) cactus 1549 , do you read ? silence . Patrick hit another button . patrick he 's on emergency . that 's it . call Newark , see if they see he . supervisor know what 's wait , but he call Newark anyway . ( continued ) 57 58 59 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) continued : patrick ( into radio ) cactus 1549 , this be departure control on guard , do you read ? ext . hudson river - continuous action the heli chase the descend plane . only the inevitable await . male pilot shit . he 's go down . int . AIR traffic control - continuous action patrick .».. cactus 1549 , do you read I ? male pilot ( v.o. ) ( into radio ) he 's go down . ( beat ) he 's gonna hit the water . Patrick go sheet white . supervisor put he hand on Patrick 's shoulder . Patrick keep stare at the blank radar screen in disbelief . supervisor ( to another controller ) take Patrick 's seat . a controller take Patrick 's spot and plug in to the console , replace he . supervisor tester will come down . urine sample , breathalyzer . Standard . patrick his voice be so calm . when he say the Hudson , I do not believe it . this be not happen . ( beat ) people do not survive water landing , Henry . sudden tear . he can not wipe they away . 51 . 57 * 58 59 * * * * * he phone * ( continued ) 59 60 61 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 52 . continued : 59 patrick all that people . God help they . int . cockpit - same time 60 the river beckon from outside the window . time be up . the cockpit alarm ringing , ringing , ringing . sully look out the window . too late to go back . only the river ahead . reaches for the radio to the cabin . sully ( into PA ) this be the Captain . ( pause ) brace for impact . sully think about say more to the cabin . do not . Hand steady , he set the PA mic down . int . cabin - continuous action 61 the stewardess buckle in , while shouting instruction . they chant it out in unison ... stewardess ( in unison ) brace ! brace ! brace ! head down ! stay down ! brace ! brace ! brace ! but the passenger can not help but look out the window . in row 17 , Diane hold Lucille 's hand . diane higgins ( cry ) I love you , Mom . I love you , I love you . lucille to the moon and the star and ... diane higgins ( tremble ) .»-. and all the way back . in row 6 , Jimmy grab Rob 's arm . they hold fast . jimmy we be not gonna make it , uncle Robbie . ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 53 . continued : in row 1 , Barry Leonard be brace with only the bulkhead to smack into . he be praying . we can not hear the word , but he face look totally peaceful . as if he have already surrender . in row 19 , passenger with baby be tremble . without a seat belt for she lap child , she do not know what to do . jim whitaker let I hold he . and passenger with baby trust Jim with she child . Jim hold onto damian with strength and tenderness . in row 12 , a man write '' Mom , Jane - I love you . '' on he business card , with a shaky hand . then he plant the card deep into he pocket , so that when he do not survive , the note just might . in row 22 , Jeff watch the water speed up toward the plane . then he shut the blind . unable to watch . int . cockpit - continuous action Chimes . alarm . automate warning . sully begin the flare for landing . sidestick back , back , full aft . warning system ( v.o . ) ' pull up , pull up , pull up , pull up . 's sully give the airplane everything he 's get . but it will not give he any more . sully we be gonna brace . smash CUT to : int . HOTEL room ( present ) sully be spend from the tell . the hotel clock have roll to 12:57 am . int . sullenberger home - same time lorrie hold the phone so tight , she 's white - knuckle . ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 64 65 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 54 . continued : 64 intercut : sully I have to go . lorrie I be sorry , sully . I love you . sully I have to go . sully hang up . his hand , so steady in flight , now shaking a little . and he and lorrie be leave on opposite side of the divide between before Flight 1549 . and after . ext . time square - night 65 the blind image include the news scroll announce the Miracle on the Hudson , on a seemingly endless loop . then , through the tourist crowd , jogging , fast , come sully . it 's another frigid winter night , but sully be in he black sweatsuit and he be on the move . and yet , run cannot turn off the image that rush at he from inside he head . series of flash cut sully run deeper into Times Square and the scroll change to a endless loop of '' Flight 1549 crash . Pilot needlessly risk life of all on board . '' '' Pilot error . Pilot error . '' sully run harder and harder , try to run out of he skin . but every step bring another flash . he head west on 45th Street , away from the glare and cacophony . at tenth Avenue ... he turn , right , directly into a huge congregation of -- pigeon ... the noise of they panicky flight , the gray black of they wing , shoot sully back to the -- geese curtain the jet 's windshield ... ( continued ) 65 66 67 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 55 . continued : 65 he stop . the last pigeon vanish into the darkness . every corner be just another edge of he mental prison . ext . westside highway - minute later 66 sully be now run across 12th Avenue and head for the Hudson . he 's at a full clip , as if chase . the camera get so tight on he face , the entire world be he breathe , he breath like smoke signal in the frigid night . he hear the voice of lorrie , she slip of doubt ... of skile , back he up all the way ... of he mother , she pride clear ... of mike cleary , about the leave engine still be alive ... of l.t. cook , say detail be the difference between life and death ... never stop fly the plane ... a endless stream of voice , all overlap into a cacophonous attack . inescapable . even he run be a trap . ext . hudson - continuous action 67 at the railing to the river , sully stammer to a stop . his heart bang . lung and leg burn . finally he mind go -- silent . he look out at the inky river . as if the runway he choose could tell he why he choose it . but it offer nothing . he turn to see the -- u.s.s. intrepid . the deck of the aircraft carrier / museum be dot with aircraft . a concorde sst . a lockheed a - 12 . a f/a - 18 . all visible from the river 's edge . his eye focus on the fighter plane . he can almost feel himself behind the stick ... as we ... smash CUT to : 68 69 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 56 . flashback - ext . nellis AIR force base ( nevada ) - day 68 ( 1978 ) F - 4 in flight . low altitude , high -speed and the -- 26-year-old sully in charge of the military exercise . the -- SOUND be a feel down to you bone . Flying barely 100 foot off the ground . int./ ext . f- 4 - same time 69 sully be fly , he face a mix of concentration and ecstasy . he be bear for this . he be gift , and fearless . his gib ( guy in back ) , andrew carrigan , 25 , take sully 's cue and provide sully with the assistance he need . they be a synchronize team . sully how you feel today , Andrew ? gib Rough not ready , sir . sully good . because I feel like fly all day . ( into radio ) ready to zoom and boom . sully circle toward the bombing target when suddenly , he F -4 -- kick left . on its own . inch from a disaster . only sully 's deat touch keep he from trap - dooring into the earth . sully goddammit . gib what the hell be that ? sully I do not know . sully be pull on the stick , like riding a buck bronco . his gib can only watch and hope . ( continued ) 69 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 57 . continued : 69 sully decide the only way out be up and he -- pinhole the F - 4 straight for the sky , pull maximum gs. sully disarm all the bomb switch , run every check . sully mayday , mayday , mayday . this be tasty one one , flight control malfunction . at 15,000 foot , sully finally even out . but the stick be jelly and the plane tug this way and that . sully ( into radio ) Las Vegas approach , tasty one one with a emergency , flight control malfunction . need a straight - in approach . AIR traffic control ( v.o. ) okay , tasty one one , clear for a visual approach to runway 2 - 1 right . keep you turn to final within five mile . sully begin to descend . but the aircraft be shaking like it want to tear apart . sully drop to 14 thousand . thirteen . at twelve a -- gust of wind knock the right wing down hard , and the plane dip precariously . sully maintain enough control to get the plane back to level . despite the high speed descent in a out of control military fighter ... sully look like he 's have a afternoon by the pool . High -speed approach . rapid descent . his gib fill with fear ... and -- sully scorch the landing , clean and mean , the -- drag chute deploy and the fighter shred the clear air as it finally come to a halt . ( continued ) 69 70 71 72 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) 69 close on sully sully ( wry smile ) ready to go back up again ? ext . intrepid ( present ) 70 sully 's memory sever . the F - 4 on the ship be a museum piece , never to be fly again . as he stand in the black -ice air , he realize the chance be real that he , too ... may never fly again . ext . landmark tavern - minute later 71 the neon sign on 11th Avenue highlight sully ducking inside . int . landmark tavern - continuous action 72 sully enter to a quiet , nearly anonymous bar . he sit on a bar stool , he face still flushed . bartender , 49 and bearded , slide he a napkin . bartender hey . you look like that guy ... sully bow he head a bit . bartender «+. the plane with the ... sully . sully I get that a lot . bartender all right . sully ! Nice to meet you , sir . that be good , what you do . that be unreal . sully do not answer . no matter where he go , he can not escape he fame . bartender check it out , I invent a drink after you . ask johnny . johnny , do I not , right then and there ? ( continued ) 72 73 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 59 . continued : 72 drunk customer yeah . you do . fact , I will take one . bartender you be gonna love ' the sully , 's sully . ready ? grey Goose . splash of water . sully manage a laugh , a small release after try to restrain so much . bartender can not believe you be sit in my bar . bartender make sully '' he '' drink . bartender to January 15th , the best day of the year . bartender lift he own '' sully '' to toast . they all drink . drunk customer point to the tv mount on the wall . drunk customer hey , look , Pete . sully 's here , and there . on the wall - mount tv another report on Flight 1549 . it have sully 's image on the screen , with footage of the plane in the Hudson behind it . inescapable . drunk customer he 's everywhere . the tv image go to a shot of the Hudson and we -- push in all the way until we -- come out the other side ... flashback - ext . hudson river - day ( jan . 15 , 2009 ) 73 the Thomas jefferson ferry be chugge towards its Manhattan port , passenger in every seat . angle on victor gaggero all NYC confidence and focus be at the helm . he steer the ferry towards its destination . ( continued ) 73 74 75 76 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 60 . continued : 73 a deckhand , hector rabane , approach . gaggero Little ice on the city side , and dispatch say the chop 's come up , so I be gonna run she real slow . ext . floyd bennett field ( brooklyn ) - jan 15 , 2009 74 a nypd air / sea rescue helicopter sit outside the hangar . int . AIR / sea rescue build - same time 75 scuba cop mike delaney , 32 , brown hair , easy manner , be hang with he partner , ROBERT rodriguez , 35 . the rest of the scuba cop be scattered throughout the break room . delaney I can not believe you have the sack to say that . that 's literally like give the city the finger . rodriguez I all say it again , Dennis eckersley be without question the great relief pitcher in the history of baseball . delaney you be blind by the leg kick . that what it be . or the moustache . rodriguez you be just jealous he be never a yankee . they get interrupt by a impossibly loud alarm ... then they scramble back to the helicopter . ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - continuous action 76 afternoon traffic crawl and driver hear the jet roar . they crane they neck to see the plane pass directly overhead . it just barely -- clear the bridge . 77 78 79 80 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 61 . int . apartment - same time 77 one elderly man , in he 80s , use he cane to get to the window . compassion and hope and fear crowd he heart . ext . building / STREET ( manhattan ) - same time 78 in a city tune to the fear of plane crash ... countless window begin to fill with apartment dweller ... magnete by the -- sight of Flight 1549 so close to the riverfront . they fishbowl to the glass in building after building . ext . thomas jefferson ferry ( hudson ) - same time 79 gaggero and the Thomas jefferson be 50 yard from the dock when he hear a enormous noise overhead . all look up . a plane plummete toward the Hudson . gaggero .-. all hand on deck , this be a mayday ! he throw the ferry into full impulse and hurtle forward . gaggero this be Victor gaggero of the Thomas jefferson . we have a ... plane ... extreme closeup - gaggero 's eye as they go wide with astonishment . the reflection and the sound of impact tell the story just as the plane hit the Hudson . int . cabin - continuous action 80 the plane hit the water . the passenger react as the plane jerk to a halt . a passenger in the last row dare to open the window blind . Water be already halfway up . Fish in a fishbowl . surreal . people begin to vacate they seat . 81 82 83 84 85 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 62. int . cockpit / cabin - same time 81 sully bang OPEN the cockpit door , look out at the stunne passenger . sully evacuate ! Barry Leonard be first by the emergency door as it open . he look out onto the freezing river . ext . plane - front left door - same time 82 the life raft have not deploy . Barry be the only one who can see its useless shape , adhere to the plane . donna ( 0.s. ) jump . jump ! Barry take off he shoe . and obey . he jump directly into the frigid water . ext . plane ( water ) - continuous action 83 Barry sink several foot below the surface . fora moment , it seem this will be he end place . and then he -- rise . at the surface , in shock ... he begin to swim . but away from the plane ... with half a mile between he and the coast . madness . int . back of plane - continuous action 84 icy river water flood into the plane through a gape hole in the floor . doreen have blood pouring from a leg wound , but she 's still shouting instruction to passenger . doreen the aft exit be unusable ! everyone forward to the overwe exit . Don life vest , now ! int . row 22 - continuous action 85 Jeff be soak and shiver , water to he knee already . 86 87 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 63. int . row 6 86 in row 6 , Rob be scream towards the back of the plane . rob Jeff ! Jeffrey ! the chaos block any visual contact . Jimmy don a life vest and grab one for he distraught uncle . jimmy put this on . uncle Robbie . rob can you see Jeff ?! we have to get he . Rob push into the aisle , try to make it back towards Jeff . but the rush of people come at he make passage impossible . too many body , and Rob wind up push back into row 6 . int . row 17 87 in row 17 , Diane be unbuckle Lucille 's seat belt . Lucille try to stop she . lucille Diane . you have to go . diane higgins I be not leave ... lucille please go . I '’11 only trap you here . diane higgins Mom . I will not leave you . lucille you have to . they connection go deeper than ten thousand word . Diane take she mother 's face in she hand . after a long moment ... diane higgins ( to the plane ) help ! my mother need help ! 88 89 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 64 . int . cabin - forward aisle - angle on sully and skile 88 as they march through the morass of confuse passenger . sully come forward ! grab life vest ! sully and skile rip free the leave behind life vest , hand they out as they walk the cabin . sully go to be bitter out there . sully and skile hand out blanket and coat to every depart passenger . sully everyone take a blanket . pass they along ! the freezing water rise . it 's at they knee . now at they waist . relentless . the heavy plane be inhale water and -- sinking . and still , some passenger be pop open the overhead bin , try to take they luggage with they . skile slam a overhead shut . skile evacuate . now. ext . sightseeing helicopter - aerial shot - continuous 89 action reveal the crippled , drown plane , lonely in the river . then at the edge of the frame , a cavalcade of -- ferry boat and first responder begin to close the gap . angle on the wing slowly take on survivor , hang on for desperate life . not enough room . 90 91 92 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 65 . ext . left wing - continuous action 90 Rob and Jimmy squeeze out onto the wing . follow by other . the center cannot hold . rob ( overwhelm ) Jimmy . Jeff 's still in the plane . Rob make a sudden move , head back toward the plane . he try to step over escape passenger , but the wing be icy , the water too close , everyone come towards he in wave . Jimmy finally get a good grip and Rob fight against it . rob we be not ... leave he in there ! jimmy Crew will grab he , Robbie . Rob see there be no way back for he . but he can not accept it . his heart hammer with the darkest of fear . other passenger cry out . fear pass between they . hypothermia climb from toe to torso like a virus . and every new passenger on the wing ... make the plane -- sink deeper into the river . which will it be first ? drown or freezing to death ? ext . ferry dock - same time 91 CBS reporter randall pinkston be live from the dock as the rescue unfold . pinkston with a water temperature of 36 degree and wind chill of - 5 , the survive passenger of Flight 1549 literally ... have minute to live . ext . hudson - angle on barry leonard 92 ..-. he have swim 30 yard toward New Jersey . stop , breathless . know he will never make it . both the coast and the wreckage seem too far a swim . the water own he . 93 94 95 96 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 66 . int . cabin - row 17 - same time donna dent be shouting / wave to the last remain male passengers for assistance . and one of they make it back to the 17th row . and scoops up -- Lucille palmer into he arm . Diane trail behind as they all make they way to the exit . ext . front right raft - continuous action they reach the exit and Lucille be carry with the great of care into one of the life raft . all make room for she and Diane slide in beside she . she hold she mother as if she be a tiny child . diane higgins I will not leave you . ext . thomas jefferson ferry - continuous action gaggero be bark command to the commuter , mobilize they to assist in the rescue . and they be respond . United . gaggero oxygen 's in the medical closet ! blanket , aft storage . life vest in the locker . gonna need everybody ! ( to ship ) come on , you sonofabitch , go ! he hit the chop head on . 20 knot , the ferry max out , knock sideways . ferry passenger hang on like pirate in pursuit , the whole of they ready to help . ext . left wing - continuous action shae childer , 38 , frighten , exit onto the wing . she look to the close life raft . but it be overturn and sink . she see a slick of jet fuel in the river ... panic ... dive in , swim , gulp , try to get away from the plane . 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 67 . ext . nypd AIR / sea rescue helicopter - same time 97 the nypd AIR / sea rescue helicopter fly toward the Hudson . ext . thomas jefferson ferry / right wing - continuous 98 action the jefferson be the first to arrive at the scene . gaggero toss a rope into the right - side wing and the rescue be on . ext . front left raft - continuous action 99 Barry Leonard finish he swim back to the leave raft , shiver with shock and confusion . passenger pull the nearly - dead Barry into the raft . they huddle around he for warmth . give up they own clothes to warm he . ext . left side ( water ) - continuous action 100 passenger shout out for shae to return to the wing , but she have seize up with cold and fatigue . she be barely move , she head dip below the water 's surface , water rush into she gape mouth . her seat cushion float away . drown . ext . dock - same time 101 ny1 's bobby cuza film a report , surround by a cavalcade of first responder . Police . firemen . emt . await the survivor . cuza whoever have miraculously survive this plummet from the sky into the icy Hudson have about three hundred of New York 's finest ready to help they . the only question remain be , will it be too late . ext . moira smith / left side of plane - continuous action 102 the bow of the moira Smith drift into view and there , just bob for life be -- shae childer . ( continued ) 102 103 104 105 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 68 . continued : 102 we widen to reveal the stern of the moira Smith swinging toward the front leave raft . it stop just before crush the raft and its survivor against the sink plane . int . cabin - angle on sully - continuous action 103 sully , skile and a few remain male passenger stand abreast of the exit and pass out blanket , life vest , spare coat . anything to stem the cold and keep people alive . sully grab the plane 's emergency location transmitter and hand it to someone in the front leave raft . finally , with nothing leave to hand out and every other person on a wing or ina raft ... sully walk down the aisle search for passenger . sully be anyone else here ?! come forward . come forward ! Water up to he waist , tooth chatter , he wade back of the front of the plane . ext . nypd AIR / sea rescue helicopter - same time 104 the nypd AIR / sea rescue helicopter arrive overhead , rippling the water and scan the entire tableau . ext . moira smith ferry - continuous action 105 with she all strength go , shae somehow reach out and catch the rope ladder attach to the bow of the ferry . but hold on be all she can do . she sob . she pray . deckhand shout down at she , encourage she to climb . but she extremity be freeze . and she can not move a inch . shae the boat ... be go to pull I under . I have to let go . deckhand alfonso no ! hang on , mar ’am , I can climb down to you . ( continued ) 105 106 107 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 69 . continued : 105 deckhand carlo alfonso , limber and fierce , scamper down the rope ladder , reach for shae 's hand . but she will not let go of the rope . too afraid . too cold . shae I can not ... the ferry drift closer to the leave wing . and the wing get closer and closer , the tip just miss shae 's back . joe hart , a Flight 1549 passenger , leap off the wing and onto to the rope ladder . he desperately try to pull she up . but she be paralyze by fear and cold . shae I have to go . please , let I go . shae nearly give up . let she arm begin to release the ladder ... until the river around she begin to -- ext . nypd AIR / sea rescue helicopter 106 shimmer with the nypd AIR sea rescue helicopter appear overhead . scuba cop mike delaney , wear only flipper and mask ... leap twenty foot from the chopper and swim madly to shae . ext . hudson river 107 he arrive just in time . terrify , shae fight delaney , pull he under for a moment . until at last , delaney reign she in . delaney you be all right . I get you . I get you , mar ’am . relax ! she spit water from she blue lip . delaney my name 's Michael , what 's yours ? ( continued ) 107 108 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 70 . continued : 107 shae ( shiver unstoppably ) shae ... scuba cop rodriguez leap out of the helicopter and swim toward the rescue , as well . shae I can not ... get on ... that boat . delaney then let 's get you on another boat . we get plenty of boat . okay ? shae I jump ... I be afraid the plane be go to explode ... I be so sorry . delaney no apology . we get this . you and I . int . plane - angle on sully 108 sully be do a second and final search for passenger . with water up to he belt , he be stand on the seat of the fourth row from the back . hypothermia chase after sully as he search every row , every seat . the cold play against he heart , shorten he breath . donna ( 0.s. ) Captain , it 's time to go ! we have get to get off this plane ! right now ! skile they be here ! sully I aim for the Intrepid . Close to the boat . sully climb over the seat toward the front . Water rise . at the wing exit , one last look as he straddle the doorway ... but then he race back toward the cockpit . 109 110 111 112 113 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 7. int . cockpit - continuous action 109 sully grab the metal aircraft maintenance logbook . he snare he overcoat and take a final look around . the instrument panel be completely dead . ext . front left door - sully 's Pov - continuous action 110 as he step out of the leave forward entry door . nearly a entire plane - load of people on the slippery wing . the rest in emergency life raft . but the river be deathly cold . and -- rising . another angle sully , last man out , squeeze onto one of the life raft next to skile . ext . thomas jefferson ferry - continuous action 111 the dechhand use the Jason 's cradle to rescue Lucille . ext . front left raft - continuous action 112 sully be rapidly scan the wing , raft , everything , he lip move in a silent count . ext . athena ferry / raft - continuous action 113 the last passenger be be pluck from the raft , include Barry . deckhand franco santini , gray-haire , linebacker strong , and brian kelly , 28 , laser focus , cover he in blanket as he reach the deck . santini we gotta warm he up . get hima blanket . fast ! Kelly wrap he in a blanket . barry I can not ... this be not ... he grow increasingly distraught . ( continued ) 113 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 72 . continued : 113 kelly it 's okay . you be good now , sir . Kelly take off he coat and hat and put they on Barry , to still he quivering , but he can not stop shaking . kelly safe home . barry it be suppose to be I ... it be suppose to be I ... it be ... santini calm down , sir . barry I be sure I be go to die . santini embrace Barry , pull he close . look he in the eye . santini hey . no one die today . angle on sully who be still count . scan the boat , the raft , as the final passenger from this raft climb up to safety . he relieve skile of the rope connect they to the Athena ferry , send he up the ladder . sully be alone in the raft , try to hold it close to the ferry , but he freeze hand refuse to function . he 's drift away from the rescuer 's reach . skile ( from the ferry ) sully ! wrap it around you arm ! sully barely manage to twist the rope around he freeze arm and pull himself slowly back toward the ferry . skile climb out now ! sully reach toward the ferry ladder . have to -- hook he elbow around the rung and , rung - by-rung , haul himself up toward the ferry deck . the last three rung he 's -- ( continued ) 113 114 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 113 pulled up by dechhand and skile . they immediately try to throw a blanket around he , but he push through . still carry the metal aircraft maintenance logbook . while other celebrate and weep , sully soldier on , pinpoint focus . still count . but he 's so surround by '' thank you 's and embrace he can not keep track . another angle on sully .-. he go to a railing , try to count passenger on the other ferries , even as they dock further down the pier . impossible . look out at the plane , list and sink . then in front of he , on the river ... personal item begin float by . purse , souvenir , I love new york bag . the two snow globe of NYC Lucille buy , bob in the choppy water . the statue of Liberty ringed in fake snow , float on the darken river . sully reach onto he belt for he cell phone . and somehow it work . he dial lorrie . intercut with : int . sullenberger house - same time 114 lorrie casually pick up the phone . lorrie hello . sully I want to call to say I be okay . lorrie be you still on the 5:50 pm home ? sully no. lorrie oh , sully . do not be late , the girl be really hope to ... ( continued ) 114 115 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 74 . continued : 114 sully there 's be a incident . I be okay . not a scratch . somehow . turn on the television . lorrie what do you mean , the television ? sully get swarm by more grateful embrace . sully lorrie , I can not talk now . I x11 call you from the pier , once thing quiet down . lorrie sully . I do not understand . sully I have to land ... in the Hudson . I love you . I be okay , tell the girl I be okay , but I have to go . sully hang up . lorrie quickly turn on the news , still confuse . it 's on every channel that she rifle through . the float plane . the rescue . it finally begin to dawn on she . and she begin to shake . extreme closeup - television - same time zoom into CNN coverage of the rescue , live . the Thomas jefferson ferry be just pull into dock . match dissolve to : ext . ferry terminal ( NY ) - same time 115 the Thomas jefferson ferry dock to mayhem . PRESS everywhere . police try to keep order amidst the madness . passenger borrow cell phone from police and firemen to contact love one immediately . donna and Sheila continue to help passenger with blanket , comfort , attention . ( continued ) 115 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 75 . continued : 115 Rob kolodjay disembark from the ferry and immediately push through the crowd . he be wrap in a blanket and follow by Jimmy , but all he want to do be find he son , Jeff . rob maybe he 's here , maybe he beat we somehow . there be a lot of boat ... ( yell out ) Jeff ! stop to describe Jeff to police officer . and the swirl of humanity just make it more exasperate . angle on sully who be just shoulder past , towards ... U.S. airways Captain dan britt , 54 , in full uniform , the union rep from LaGuardia , wear he union badge . Dan be slender , handsome , easygoing even in this startling environment . sully Dan . need to know who 's hurt and how badly . and I need a count . 155 be my number , passenger and crew . dan how about you ? sully I will answer that when we have count 155 . angle on barry pace through the thicket of rescuer and rescue , he be hand a phone and begin to dial . sherri leonard ( v.o. ) I know . you be call to say they cancel you flight ... barry sort of . I will not be home tonight ... sherri leonard ( v.o. ) I know it . the weather report be bad news . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 76 . 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 barry Sherri ... I can not believe I be talk to you . sherri leonard ( v.o. ) Barry , what be it ? you sound ... barry when you be so sick last year , and I ask God that you would be save and I would be take instead ... sherri leonard ( v.o. ) what be you ... I do not understand ? barry and you say ... God be too merciful to make I hold up my end of the bargain ... after a beat . barry «+. you be right . back to sully as a police captain sidle up . captain Captain , I be here to escort you to meet with Mayor bloomberg and Police commissioner Raymond Kelly . sully if the Mayor want to say hello , he 'il have to come down here . we be still work . dan sul , I can keep assemble a count . skile approach . sully I need a count , Jeff . I needa count . skile no way to get a real count out here . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 77 . continued : ( 3 ) 115 dan Jeff 's right . let 's get you in some dry clothes before you freeze to death . captain Captain , what if the Mayor and Chief Kelly head down here to meet you ? it do not change sully 's point of focus . sully ( to Dan britt ) Dan , be a domestic flight ... dan ++. no manifest . we ’1ll have to track the passenger info down one - by-one . sully can you get help ? dan I will call John carey . we 'il get you count . you have do enough , sully . let I take it from here . sully see the flash light of the wait ambulance . but he 's not ready yet . something draw he to the edge of the pier and skile follow . the magnet be the -- plane , now lash to fireboat and ferries . camera find closeup after closeup . sully and skile . shock and disbelief . barry leonard . tear of joy . donna dent . Silent awe . diane and lucille . exhausted and seek aid . passenger with baby and 8-month -old baby . joyous . rob kolodjay , he face crater by worry and fear ... look at every face that pass , desperate to see he son ... until he cell phone ring . caller id read -- '' jeff '' . ( continued ) 115 116 117 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 78 . continued : ( 4 ) 115 Rob answer . hear he son 's voice . all he can do be weep . ext . ferry terminal ( jersey side ) - same time 116 jeff I be okay . pop . I be on the other wing . and they bring we to Jersey . intercut : rob I could not find you , I could not see you . jeff ( amp ) I hear you shouting my name the whole time . I shout back . I guess the river ... rob you be okay ? you be not hurt ? jeff I be okay , pop . I be here . dad . do not cry . rob I love you . jeff I love you , too . can you believe we make it !? I mean ... the plane ... crash . in the river . be you fuck kid I !?! ext . ferry terminal ( NY ) 117 finally , we circle back to -- sully and skile . sully be still total concentration . but skile finally let he relief show . skile never be so happy to be in New York in my life . 118 119 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 79 . int . AIR traffic control office - same time 118 Patrick , the atc guy in charge of 1549 , sit in this windowless room , head in he hand . he look like he 's have the longest hour of he life . tear still pool in he eye . the door open and a atc # 1 pop he head in . atc # 1 hey , Patty , be not you come ? down the hall , noise emanate . atc # 1 everyone 's go nut up top . supe send I look for you . patrick I guess you do not hear . lose cactus 1549 . in the Hudson . atc # 1 I guess you do not hear . he land the sonofabitch . patrick what ? atc # 1 everyone just get pull off . it 's a miracle . Patrick grab he friend in a embrace of disbelief . patrick I think I lose they all . man , still be hugge , scan the barren room . atc # 1 they have get to get a tv in here . int . ST . luke 's hospital - extreme closeup - sully 's eye 119 - later a light beam examine cornea and iris . pull back to reveal sully , still in he wet clothes , sit on a examination bed . the doctor , 36 , thin hair , thin waist , write note on he pad , then listen to sully 's heart and lung . ( continued ) 119 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 80. continued : 119 sully what 's my pulse ? doctor 110 . sully my normal rest be 55 . 110 be not good . doctor you be right . it 's not good . after what you just go through , 110 be extraordinary . sully how be doreen ? doctor fairly deep laceration , we will keep she a day or two to stem infection . sully but she will ... doctor ... have a scar and a story to tell , although no one will believe she . I be here with you and I do not believe it . you land a plane on the Hudson . not a scratch on you . Rest of you crew , too . a voice from the other side of the curtain . arnie ( 0.s. ) Captain arnie gentile to see Captain sullenberger . sully wow , the union be send all the big gun today . the curtain pull back . arnie , middle - age , stocky . serious . arnie I talk to Dan britt , sully . we have get a count . a beat . sully 's heart constrict . ( continued ) 119 120 121 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 119 arnie 155 . for the very first time , sully 's professional face give way to something more vulnerable . the shock of the human experience break across he brow , shadow he eye , open he mouth . he lean against the wall . sully 155 ? arnie it 's official . 155 . sully ( spend ) 155 . ext . courtyard marriott HOTEL - later 120 establishing of the nondescript hotel . if not for the three police suv park out front , it have look like just another quiet night in queen . int . HOTEL hallway - that night 121 U.S. AIR Captain carl clarke , tall , soft -spoken , 50 , be walk down the hall with two big shopping bag . he 's accompany by hotel manager evelyn may , late 30 , tall , lovely . they knock on room 311 and 313 . skile exit one door , sully the other . skile be shower and in a robe . sully be still in he wet uniform , six hour after the landing . skile hey . Carl . carl jeff. sully . helluva thing you pull off out there today . sully we be here . that 's about all I know at the moment . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 82 . 121 continued : 121 carl this be Ms. May , from the hotel . she want to have a quick word . evelyn I will not take you time , gentleman . this be only to say that my staff and I be commit to protect you privacy . and if there 's anything I can do at all ... sully be it possible ... I would love to get my uniform dry - clean overnight . it 's the only clothing I have . evelyn dry clean ? sully if it 's too much , this late ... evelyn be you kid ? Captain sullenberger , I would give you this whole hotel if I could . tear rim she eye . evelyn the family of crash victim often stay here after ... this hotel have see a lot of grief . but this time ... we get to see joy . she hug he . sully be stiff , unsure of what to do . still in shock . carl thanks , Evelyn . evelyn anything for sully . have a bless day . she walk away , radio for a bellman to go to sully 's room . sully what just happen ? carl you get hugge by a total stranger . ( more ) ( continued ) 121 122 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 121 carl ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) sully , when 's the last time you hear of someone landing a jet on the water . and everybody live ? sully be silent . carl exactly . int . sully 's room - moment later 122 Carl empty one bag on the bed . carl shave cream , razor , toothpaste ... also get you new clothes . he pull out identical black sweatsuit , sock , and black , low -rise brief . skile you think we be ninjas ? carl k - Mart be the only store open . it 's queen at ten in the evening . you find a brook Brothers . skile ( to sully ) what be you even still do in uniform ? sully I ... do not know . carl be a long day . get some rest . Mike cleary will be by in the a.m. make sure you be both do okay . sully thanks , Carl . carl thank you , Captain . be awhile since New York have news this good . especially with a airplane in it . they shake . take in the gravity of the statement . then part . ( continued ) 122 123 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 84 . continued : 122 sully stand alone . uniform wet . bed full of new item . his phone battery dead . he pull he wallet out of he soak trousers . open it . the content be soggy , but intact . out of a inside slot , he pull a yellow slip of paper from a fortune cookie . one he 's carry around for year . now , he can only look at it in stunne wonder . it read : '' a delay be better than a disaster . '' sully turn on the tv . and every channel be show -- the plane float in the Hudson , passenger on the wing . push into the tv image , ' till it pixelate . pixelated tv image 123 pre - lap dialogue : reporter ( v.o . ) the word that city official keep repeat be ' timing . 's dissolve to : int . landmark tavern ( present ) pull out of tv image until we see we be back in the bar where sully be give he '' sully '' drink . reporter be now on -screen . reporter ( v.o . ) the perfect timing of the nypd scuba unit , and the ferry boat captain . and , of course , the inexplicably precise timing of the pilot , Captain sully sullenberger , who with almost no time , become a man for all time . angle on sully at the bar sully ( to himself ) no time . no time ... slowly something seem to be dawn on he . ( continued ) 123 124 125 126 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 85 . continued : 123 angle on the bartender mixing another drink . bartender can I buy you another ' sully , 's sully ? but when he turn , sully be go and there 's a 20 - dollar tip on the bar . ext . NY STREET - continuous action 124 sully 's on the move and he 's on he cell phone . it 's ringing . and ringing . sully answer . answer . man ( v.o. ) hel ... hello . sully the cvr recording be in two day , how fast can you arrange a favor ? intercut with : int . larry rooney 's bedroom - same time 125 Larry rooney be up on one elbow , half - asleep . his wife , with eyeshade , sleep next to he . larry rooney sully ? sully I know airbus have schedule simulation in they s22 sim at the factory . can you get they to reschedule ? larry rooney it 's 1:30 in the morning . ext . NY STREET - continuous action 126 sully stop on the corner , the Intrepid moonlit behind he . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 86 . 126 continued : 126 sully they be use mostly U.S. Air pilot , some of whom I know , so I get wind of it . next week in toulouse . larry rooney okay . yes . that 's right . sully I need you to make it happen ... before we listen to the cvr . before we testimony be complete . larry rooney why ? sully I have the right to see the simulation . and I have a feel that with human pilot , not a computer , the result be go to be different . larry rooney what if they show the exact same result ? sully if they do , I 'il hand you my wing myself . it 's all about time , Larry . you can do anything , if you be never in a hurry . larry rooney I sure as hell agree with that . sully I spend so much time think I might have get it wrong ... I forget that I have actually get it right . ( beat ) the cvr be on Wednesday . that 's 36 hour . can you arrange it ? larry rooney I will try . that 's a lot of phone call to make . sully it 's already 7:30 in France . you better start now . sully hang up . ( continued ) 126 127 127a 128 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) 126 and for the first time since the crash , hope in he eye . dissolve to : ext . l’enfant plaza - ntsb headquarters - two day later 127 it 's so cold , even the building look like it want to duck for cover . int . hallway - same time 127a the door to the ntsb conference room be close , the noise of set up audible slightly through the door . angle on sully he be about to enter the rest of he life , and gather himself for what await he . his heartbeat have still not slowed since the crash , and even the deep of breath can not slow it . int . ntsb conference room - minute later 128 sully enter . sit next to skile . they wait in silence . Larry rooney sit steadfast , as well as other airline and union rep . across from they be porter and the other ntsb board member . all have headsets on the table in front of they . charle porter before we listen to the cockpit voice recording , and we will be listen to it for the first time , along with you , gentleman ... elizabeth davis «+. per the request of Captain sullenberger , and the union , airbus have agree to link we via satellite to today 's pilote simulation . BEN edward upload the link , please . ( continued ) 128 129 130 131 132 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 88 . continued : 128 sully sit stone - face . the satellite link revs up and show the stun -- ext . s22 simulator 129 the outside look exactly like the nose of a a320 , and it be on a gimbal , to provide the full rise and fall , shaking and plummete of a distress plane . int . airbus simulator - continuous action 130 Inside it look exactly like the a320 cockpit . a square - jaw airbus test pilot , 35 , in civilian clothing , buckle into the seat with a co- pilot beside he . and the flight begin . from inside the cockpit , the simulator show a perfect graphic representation of the take - off from LaGuardia . everything be precise . int . ntsb hearing room 131 skile lean toward sully . skile they be just simulation , sully . wo not change my mind about what happen up there . sully it might change theirs . int . airbus simulator 132 bird strike . the automate warning system begin inside the '' cockpit '' and it be devastating and rattling . even though it 's only a simulator , the Pilot and co- Pilot 's face betray the terror of the situation . the simulator drop the plane two storey a second . death - defy . then the Pilot make a immediate leave turn to return to LaGuardia . co- Pilot run the qrh , every proper part of the checklist . Pilot steady the plane . ( continued ) 132 133 134 135 136 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 89 . continued : 132 flap 2 , just like sully use . everything exactly the same . the approach be harrowing . they can only configure for landing in the last fifteen second . moment from crash until a -- perfect landing on LaGuardia runway 1 - 3 . Pilot and co- Pilot hi-five , like top gun devote . int . ntsb hearing room - same time 133 the room be buzzing after the successful landing . charle porter for the record , the pilot 's and the computer sim bear the same result . sully 's expression betray nothing . int . simulator - continuous action 134 a new pilot , a woman , and new co- pilot enter the simulator . take off . Bird strike . tremor . Chaos of the warning system every 5.7 second . the checklist . attempt for Teterboro . the tension be just as thick . full concentration . last minute flap and another -- perfect landing on LaGuardia 1 - 3 . int . ntsb hearing room - same time 135 Edwards and porter be write note . and the room feel more and more like a gallow . Larry rooney lean forward toward sully to say something , but sully block the comment with a gesture . int . simulator - continuous action 136 third test pilot , a lanky 40 - year-old man , slide into place confidently , with he co-pilot . a new target be choose . Teterboro airport . Bird strike . chaos . the river beckone , and 3rd Pilot yank the plane into a extreme bank . ( continued ) 136 137 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 90 . continued : 136 the simulator strain at the effort . extraordinary fly . at the last possible second , he come out of the bank and -- slam it down on the runway . harrow . but safe and sound . int . ntsb hearing room - same time 137 BEN edward Three simulation , multiple runway and airport . Three successful landing . we be simply mimick what the computer already tell we . charle porter a lot of toe be step on ... in order to set this up for today . and , frankly , I be not sure what you gentleman plan to gain by it . silence . the room tightening at the edge . charle porter Captain sullenberger ? for a moment , it seem sully be out of rope . finally ... sully can we get serious now ? charle porter Captain ? sully we have hear about the computer simulation and now we be watch actual sim , and I find it hard to believe you be still not take into account the human factor . charle porter human-piloted simulation show that you could have make it back to the airport . sully no . they do not . his '' no '' be clear and strong and galvanize the room 's full attention . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 91 . 137 continued : 137 sully this pilot be not reacting like human being . like people who be experience this for the first time . charle porter they may not be reacting like you do , but ... sully immediately after the bird strike , they be turn for the airport . just as in the computer sim , correct ? charle porter that be correct . sully they obviously know the turn and exactly what head to fly . they do not run a check or switch on the apu ... charle porter they have the same parameter you face ... sully no one warn we . no one say , you be about to lose both engine ... at a lower altitude than any jet in history . but be cool . turn back for LaGuardia like you be go out to pick up the goddamn milk . his outrage pin the room to the wall . sully this be dual engine loss at 2,800 foot follow by a immediate water landing . with 155 soul on board . no one have ever even train for a incident like that . no one . skile sully 's right . it 's absurd to expect a immediate turn for the airport . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 92 . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 sully and the Teterboro landing , with the unrealistic bank angle ... this be not the Blue angel up there . I would like to know how many time the pilot practice that maneuver before he actually pull it off . Long pause . no answer from the ntsb forthcoming . sully I be not question the pilot . they be good pilot . but they have clearly be instruct to head to the airport immediately after the bird strike . you have allow no time for analysis and decision make . and with this sim , you have take all the humanity out of the cockpit . how much time do this pilot spend make they plan for this event ? hour , day ? ( beat ) you be look for human error ...? then make it human . ntsb confer . skile it be not a video game , it be life and death . sully 's right . that 's worth a few second . Charles porter contact airbus via satellite and confer with they while the other await the decision . the room be heavy with anticipation . sully please ask they how many practice run they have ... elizabeth davis 17 . sully 17 ? elizabeth davis the pilot who land at Teterboro have 17 practice attempt . before the simulation we just witness . all sully can do be shake he head . ( continued ) 137 138 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 93 . continued : ( 3 ) 137 Charles porter hang up with airbus . charle porter the reaction - decision time will be set at thirty - five second . skile ( to sully ; sotto ) that 's not enough time . sully it 's something . we only have 208 second total , so I will take it . int . simulator - continuous action 138 the first Pilot and he co-pilot , who high - five after they first run , re-enter the simulator . they fly this simulation with more confidence , barely reacting to the bird strike , no fear in they face . then they wait 35 second before return to the airport . when they do , they -- crash . come up short , despite go full aft on the stick . the plane -- cartwheel into the water just short of the runway . and be tear into piece . the Pilot look stunne . pilot let I run it again . runway 2 - 2 , with a right turn , be the better choice . same Pilot . same 35 - second reaction - decision time . this attempt , a hard right turn to LaGuardia , almost like fly blind during the turn . this approach , the -- crash be worse . the plane nosedive , half into the water , half onto the edge of the runway . splinter like a shattered bone . charle porter ( v.o. ) ( stoic ) let 's ... try Teterboro . the Pilot who successfully land at Teterboro with the extreme 66 degree bank and sudden set down , buckle in . the flight . the madness of noise and technology . the delay and turn for Teterboro . the plane bank hard to 66 degree , just as before , but this time the plane do not make it to Teterboro . it -- ( continued ) 138 139 140 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 94 . continued : 138 strike several building on the Jersey side of the river and disintegrate onscreen . int . ntsb hearing room - same time 139 sully be not smile on the outside . but on the inside ... the 35 - second delay , the human delay , be make all the difference . series of flash cut attempt after attempt , for Teterboro or LaGuardia . with the 35 - second delay -- crash after crash . finally -- sully do anyone need to see any more simulation ? this time , the ntsb be silent . skile can not hide he grin . skile now that we have see what could have happen ... can we listen to what actually do ? it take a beat , but Charles porter finally shut down the satellite link . charle porter we will study all the result at a later date . Elizabeth . elizabeth davis for the record , this be the cvr of U.S. Airways Flight 1549 , January 15th , 2009 . ( beat ) gentlemen , headsets . they all don they headsets . and the switch be flip . sully and skile close they eye . flashback - ext . AIR - jan 15 , 2009 140 the sky be achingly blue . it 's 3:27 pm on a Thursday afternoon . ( continued ) 140 141 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 95 . continued : 140 a flock of canadian geese appear , thick as a black and gray curtain , in a exact y-pattern . the sound of they wing be rhythmic . peaceful . perfect . int . / ext . flight 1549 - cockpit - continuous action 141 sully bird ! they be 100 yard away when sully see they . before he blink , they shadow the windscreen completely . skile whoa ! several bird enter each engine . the engine both shudder to a complete and silent stop . then burst into flame . skile oh , shit . sully oh , yeah . skile uh , oh ... sully we get one rol ... both of ‘em roll back . the power drain from the plane like blood from a open vein . sully I be start the apu . sully flip on the auxiliary power unit . no engine , but now enough power to buy they a little time . a very little . sully ( beat ) my aircraft . skile you aircraft . sully 's focus be absolute . and he bear , calm , but inside , he heart thunder . ( continued ) 141 142 143 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 96 . continued : 141 sully get the qrh . loss of thrust on both engine . skile grab the Quick reference handbook . it have 150 checklist for various emergency . which one work for double engine loss at 2,800 foot ? none of they . down below , the Hudson rush up at they like a attack . sully turn leave and call atc . sully mayday , mayday , mayday , this be cactus 1549 , hit bird , we have lose thrust on both engine . we be turn back towards LaGuardia . int . atc —- continuous action 142 sully 's call '' mayday , '' but Patrick , the atc , have not hear it . he have key he microphone and be talk to another depart aircraft in he charge , oblivious to the danger . Patrick release he mic , sip he coffee in time to finally hear . sully ( v.0o . ) «+. we have lose thrust on both engine . we be turn back toward LaGuardia . Patrick sit up straight at the news . immediately , chart a return route on he computer . patrick okay , you need to return to LaGuardia . ( beat ) turn leave , head of two - two - zero . sully ( v.0o . ) two-two -zero . int . cockpit - continuous action 143 skile read from the qrh . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 97 . 143 continued : 143 skile ' if fuel remain , engine mode selector , ignition . ignition . 's sully ignition . skile ' thrust lever confirm idle . 's sully idle . skile ' airspeed optimum relight , three hundred knot . 's skile look at the instrument board . skile we do not have that . sully we do not . 144 int . AIR traffic control - continuous action 144 patrick Tower , stop you departure , we get a emergency return . 1549 . Bird strike . he lose both engine . returning immediately . laguardia tower ( v.o. ) which engine ? patrick he lose thrust in both engine . he say . Patrick 's face pale . '' both engine '' begin to sink in . 145 int . cockpit - continuous action 145 patrick ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 , if we can get it for you , do you want to try to land runway one - three ? the alarm chime punctuate Patrick 's transmission . ( continued ) 145 146 147 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 98 . continued : 145 sully look out of the window . the Hudson be below . sully 's mind calculate how long he have remain . he see the -- Manhattan skyline to the leave . New Jersey to the right , the riverfront thick with building . series of flash cut 146 people watch tv , in they waterfront apartment , oblivious that they life be at risk . a six - year-old little girl with a dog , come to the window at the sound of the jet plane . a elderly man , with a cane , at he window , watch it all . every building buzzing with life , just one bad decision away from death . int . cockpit - continuous action 147 it take sully only a few second to realize he 's out of choice . sully we be unable . we may end up in the Hudson . skile continue the checklist . skile ' emergency electrical power . emergency generator not online . 's sully it 's online . skile ' atc notify . squawk seventy - seven hundred . distress message transmit . 's we do . patrick ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 , it 's gonna be leave traffic for runway three - one . sully unable . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 99 . 147 continued : 147 patrick ( v.o. ) okay . what do you need to land ? warning system ( v.o . ) ' go around . wind shear ahead . 's skile ' fac one off , then on . 's sully watch the altimeter plummet . look leave and right . and now , this low , only 1200 foot above the Hudson , water be all he see . 148 int . atc - continuous action 148 Patrick check he time readout . patrick ( to himself ) be ten second , Captain . come on . talk to I . ( into radio ) cactus 1549 , runway four 's available if you wanna make leave traffic to runway four . sully ( v.o. ) I be not sure we can make any runway . 149 int . cockpit - same time 149 sully uh , what 's over to we right , anything in New Jersey ? maybe Teterboro ? skile pause a mini-beat . his first doubt . almost challenge sully , bite down on it . 150 int . AIR traffic control - continuous action 150 patrick ( relieved ) okay , yeah , off you right side be Teterboro airport . Patrick work he touchscreen like a magician . get the number he need and dial . ( continued ) 150 151 152 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 100 . continued : 150 patrick LaGuardia departure , get a emergency inbound . teterboro tower ( v.o. ) this be Teterboro Tower , go ahead . patrick cactus 1549 over the GW bridge , want to go to the airport right now . teterboro tower ( v.o. ) check , do he need assistance ? patrick yes . Bird strike . can I get he in for runway one . teterboro tower ( v.o. ) runway one . that 's good . ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - continuous action 151 the plane be drop like a stone . the bridge look like it 's go to clip a wing . int . cockpit - same time 152 skile look to sully . see he calm . but want to contradict the Teterboro call . wait . every second a eternity . skile ' no relight after thirty second , engine master one and two confirm off . 's sully 's Pov as they just -- barely clear the GW bridge . and its massive traffic . already , life save . back to scene patrick ( v.o. ) you wanna try and go to Teterboro ? ( continued ) 152 153 154 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 101 . continued : 152 sully off . skile ' wait thirty second . 's sully hear '' thirty second . '' know he do not have it . reaches for the radio to the cabin . sully ( into PA ) this be the Captain . ( pause ) brace for impact . automate voice ( v.o . ) ' one thousand ... 's int . AIR traffic control - continuous action 153 patrick ( excited ) cactus 1549 , turn right , two - eight zero . you can land runway one at Teterboro . sully ( v.o. ) we can not do it . patrick okay . which runway would you like at Teterboro ? int . cockpit - continuous action 154 sully ( to skile ) go ahead . try number one . nothing from the engine . sully ( into radio ) we be gonna be in the Hudson . sully slip he shoulder harness belt back into place and secure it . patrick ( v.o. ) I be sorry , say again , cactus 1549 . sully do not key the radio . his only focus now , landing the plane on the roiling river . ( continued ) 154 155 156 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 102 . continued : 154 warning system ( v.o . ) ' too low . too low . terrain . terrain . 's the chime be relentless . cockpit noise , cacophonous . sully eye the approach water as if it be a runway . int . cabin - same time 155 almost all be lean forward , brace for impact , as the flight attendant keep recite , over and over ... sheila brace , brace ! head down , stay down ! Barry Leonard pray . Diane hold she mother Lucille 's hand . Jeff kolodjay can not bear to look out the window as the enormous river seem to rise to meet they . flight attendant ( shout ) brace ! -- one more time , then bow they head and lean forward . only sound remain be ... a prayer in Russian ... the word need no translation . the sound of a text be rush - type . text : I love you and the girl . the word '' deliver '' on the screen , bring deep relief . message send / message receive . a overlap chorus of praise and fear and hope and goodbye ... some on they cell phone ... '' daddy love you , you know that , jesse ? daddy love you forever ... '' some from they soul ... '' thank you ... for this life . '' '' please . god. mercy. please . '' int . cockpit - continuous action 156 Chimes . alarm . automate warning . ( continued ) sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 103 . 156 continued : 156 warning system ( v.o . ) ' too low . terrain . terrain . 's skile no relight . sully okay . let 's go put the flap out , put the flap out . warning system ( v.o. ) ' caution . terrain . caution . 's skile flap out ? warning system ( v.o. ) ' terrain . pull up . pull up . 's patrick ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 , radar contact lose . you also get Newark off you two o'clock in about seven mile . warning system ( v.o . ) ' pull up , pull up , pull up , pull up . 's skile get flap out . two hundred fifty foot in the air . warning system ( v.o . ) ' too low . terrain . too low . gear . 's skile hundre and seventy knot . get no power on either one ? try the other one . sully try the other one . patrick ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 . you still on ? warning system ( v.o. ) ' caution . terrain . 's patrick ( v.o. ) cactus 1549 , you get runway two - nine available at Newark , it ’1ll be two o'clock and seven mile . ( continued ) 156 157 158 159 160 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) continued : ( 2 ) skile hundre and fifty knot . get flap two . you want more ? sully no , let 's stay at two . ( beat ) get any idea ? skile actually , not . warning system ( v.o. ) ' terrain , terrain , pull up , pull up , pull up . 's sully eyeball the landing . eye on the airspeed display , then the water . back and forth . outside . Inside . outside . Inside . ext . AIR - continuous action sully fight to keep the plane 's pitch optimum , the nose up . the wing level . one inch off and the plane will disintegrate on impact . int . cockpit - continuous action warning system ( v.o. ) ' pull up , pull up , pull up . 's ext . belly of the plane we see the dark water , only foot from impact , racing to meet we . the plane 's skin shiver and moan . no escape . int . cockpit - continuous action sully begin the flare for landing . sidestick back , back , full aft , everything he 's get . sully we be gonna brace . 104 . 156 157 158 159 up 160 ( continued ) 160 161 162 163 164 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 105 . continued : 160 warning system ( v.o . ) ' pull up , pull up , pull up , pull up . 's ext . hudson river - continuous action 161 slam . the plane hit the Hudson . int . cockpit - continuous action 162 underwater . blackness . all the power go . panel completely dark . Dead . finally , the nose begin to bob up , and as the water clear , sully and skile have a sudden and perfect view of the -- manhattan skyline . dream-like . as if they be inside a snow globe , all of NY , open before they at river level . sully and skile look at each other . alive . int . ntsb hearing room - continuous action ( present ) 163 silence . no more word . who could have survive that ? the recording be over . the room hum with the quiet of shock . for the first time , porter and the other board member seem to really look at sully and skile . to take they in . to realize that they survive this impossibility . this be a miracle on the Hudson . sully and skile betray almost no emotion , still shake . sully ( rise ) I need a quick break . int . hallway - continuous action 164 sully and skile walk side - by-side , not a word between they . 165 166 167 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 106 . int . bathroom —- continuous action 165 sully and skile wash they hand . still mute . int . hallway - moment later 166 sully exit alone , and as he wait for skile , he phone ring . lorrie . sully lorrie . intercut with : int . sullenberger bedroom - same time 167 lorrie be lie on they bed . next to she be a large , open fedex package which hold ... sully suitcase , rescue from the wreckage of Flight 1549 . include he -- Pilot 's hat . which lorrie be cradling in she hand . tear steal the rest of she speech . sully sweetheart , what happen ? lorrie for the first time , just now , I realize that there be 155 people on that plane . and you be one of they . more tear . tear of relief and joy . lorrie I almost lose you . the girl almost lose you . sully but you do not . I be here . Long pause as they simply take in the sound of each other 's breathe . they existence . it be beautiful . lorrie how be you hold up ? tell I it 's almost over . sully it 's almost over . ( continued ) 167 168 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 107 . continued : 167 lorrie I love you . sully I love you . sully hang up . take a moment to gather himself . skile exit the bathroom and join sully as they walk in silence back toward the conference room . just before they reach the door ... sully stop . skile stop , too . face sully . sully what do you think ? listen to the cvr . now . skile can not muster a answer . sully I ' 11 tell you what I think ... I be just so damn proud of you . you be right there with I , through all that distraction . with so much at stake . ( pause ) we do this together . we be a team . skile 's eye brim with tear . skile thank you . then they lock into a embrace . Brothers . for life . when they step back , the emotion be a invisible cord between they . sully we do we job . skile we do we job . int . ntsb hearing room - moment later 168 all have return . the weight of the investigation have be replace by a sense of humble awe . ( continued ) 168 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 108 . continued : 168 charle porter that be , honestly , the first time I have listen to a crash recording ... while actually sit with the Captain and first Officer . extraordinary . skile that be no simulation . charle porter no , it be not . the ntsb board be look for the right word . finally ... elizabeth davis I also want to let you know that the leave engine be recover late yesterday . sully wait a beat . the monitor they have be watch come to life with video footage ... a massive crane lift the left engine from the Hudson River . it dangle over the water , face away . its damage unseen . on the video , the left engine rotate toward camera . it be mangle and decimate from within and without . elizabeth davis extensive damage on both the guide vane and fan blade of the engine . five compressor blade be fracture and eight variable guide vane ... miss . sully no thrust . elizabeth davis as you testify , it be completely destroy . the acar data be wrong . sully and skile be transfix by the video of the engine that almost get they kill . elizabeth davis I would like to add something on a personal note . ( more ) ( continued ) + ok 168 169 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 109 . continued : ( 2 ) 168 elizabeth davis ( cont 'd ) I can say with confidence , that after speak with the rest of the flight crew , with bird expert and airplane engineer , after run all the scenario and talk to each of the player ... ... there be a X in this result . it 's you , Captain sullenberger . take you out of the equation and the math just fail . sully I disagree . the room hush . wait for sully to finally unleash . instead ... sully it be not just I . it be all of we . Jeff , donna , Sheila , doreen . the passenger , the rescue worker . Air traffic control . the ferry boat crew and the scuba cop . we do it . we survive . elizabeth davis first Officer skile , be there anything you have like to add ? anything you would have do differently , if you have to do it all again ? skile yes. ( beat ) I would have do it in July . laughter surprise the room . finally , a little space to breathe . fade to white . fade in : montage - int . the CAROLINA aviation museum - month 169 later ( real - life footage ) the wreckage of U.S. AIR Flight 1549 on full display . the damage to the fuselage , the miss leave engine . it do not look like the kind of plane you walk away from alive . the lobby be fill up with visitor , but not just any tourist . Flight 1549 passenger , one and all . ( continued ) 169 sully - 11/18/15 ( full Blue ) 110 . continued : 169 the real - life survivor ... they be stranger when they board the flight . now they be family forever . Jeff skile enter . a eruption of applause , as sully enter and signal for ... Jeff and donna and Sheila and doreen to join he . he pull they in line with he , so that the crew of 1549 be receive the cheer . as one . fade out . the end this script be prepare by warner bros . picture script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632