ld dole ir , for ot written by Matt Leslie & Stephen J. Smith Bellevue literary management Jeff portnoy 818.207.8172 over black we hear the distinct sound of a bmx bike , hum along . bird chirping , a lawn sprinkler , kide playing nearby ... super : summer , 1984 delaye super : ipswich , massachusett a alluring , melodic ' 80s synth beat fade in over -- davey ( v.0 . ) it 's easy to think of the suburb as a dead end . a weird bermuda triangle where the american dream strangle all the excitement outta life . but look can be deceive ... ext . juniper STREET - day newspaper bag sling over he shoulder , davey armstrong ( 14 ) cruise down the bucolic suburban street on he bmx . all you need to know about the bright - eye davey be plaster on he tee-shirt : '' area 51 - I believe . " davey ( v.0 . ) just past the manicure lawn and friendly wave , go inside any house . less than fifty foot from where you sleep , entirely different life be play out . he watch he neighbor with curiosity . people be out do yard work . kide be play in the street . davey peel up to a mailbox . grab a paper -- accidentally drop it revealing the front page . a picture of a boy ( 13 ) beneath the headline , '' newburyport boy still missing . " davey ( v.0 . ) behind the freshly paint wall next door , anything could be happen and you would never know . davey 's eye gleam at the headline as he scoops up the paper , stuff it into the mailbox . speed away ... as he pedal along , davey survey the neighbor he pass ... davey ( v.0 . ) even serial killer live next door to somebody ... 2 . a balding neighbor ( 40s ) mow he lawn . wave at davey as davey pass . davey politely smile , wave back . but as soon as the neighbor be not look , davey 's eye turn skeptical ... a young couple argue with one another -- stop at the sight of davey zipping past . smile as he go by . a facade . around the bend , a shirtless young man ( 20 ) we will come to know as kyle wash he tran - am . see davey . flip he off . davey ( v.0 . ) but that 's what I love about it . it always keep you on you toe . davey pull over to another mailbox at the foot of a long driveway that lead to a well - maintain two -story colonial . it read " mackey . " davey ( v.0 . ) when something you never see come break the routine ... that 's when thing get really interesting . davey open the mailbox , stuff a paper inside -- man 's voice ( 0.s. ) davey ! hey , bud -- what 's go on ? davey look up to find wayne mackey ( 40s ) walk down the driveway toward he . he 's you average suburban bachelor : a little tall , athletic shoulder , kind eye . type of guy who should have a family by now but do not seem in a rush . davey hey , Mr. Mackey ... davey scan Mackey . see he clothes be cover in -- davey what 's with all the dirt ? mackey oh -- ha. yeah . be do some plant in the garden . davey there be no cash in you mailbox yesterday . for the paper . mackey have it be a month already ? jeez ... actually , I be gonna ask if you have a sec to help I lift something inside ? ( more ) mackey ( cont 'd ) I can grab the money too . kill two bird with one stone ? int . mackey 's house - live room - moment later davey scan Mackey 's family photo while Mackey go through drawer in the kitchen . from a end table , davey pick up a framed photo of a smile teenage boy and he parent . Mackey come up behind davey . hand he a $ 5 bill . mackey knew I have it . here ya go ... davey you have get a big family , huh ? Mackey scan all the picture on the wall , table ... mackey yeah , just make sure you do not live too close to they or they 's 1ll always be in you business , be I right ? Mackey move to a wooden bureau . slap a hand on its top . mackey this be it . buy some new furniture for upstairs . need to get this hunka junk down into the basement . think we can manage it ? int . mackey 's house - basement - moment later Mackey and davey carry the bureau down the stair . davey struggle -- he 's clearly bitten off the max he can chew . mackey watch you step ... as they level out on the concrete basement floor , pass a large furnace -- kachunk ! -- it kick on , scare davey -- wham ! he drop the bureau -- mackey whoa , whoa ! you okay ? davey shit. sorry . mackey Long as you do not get you foot , it 's fine . we can rest a sec . davey appraise the unfinished basement . two dangle light bulb throw stark shadow against the sheetrock wall that enclose three room . mackey really appreciate the help . flip side of not live near family -- no one 's ever around to help out . davey point to a crack door . blood red light emanate from behind it . kinda creepy ... davey what 's in there ? mackey that 's where we be go . think you can make it the rest of the way ? davey nod . they hoist the bureau again . he spot a padlock on the door in the corner . odd . then they be move -- int . mackey 's house - basement dark room - moment later -- thud ! davey and Mackey put down the bureau ... mackey heavy sonofabitch , huh ...? .. leave davey huffing and puffing . Mackey chuckle . he look oddly disturbing in the red glow . everything do . mackey so , whattaya think ? put the finish touch on my dark room . sort of a amateur photographer . figure this beast would be good to store some equipment . davey that 's cool . I be sort of a amateur videographer , so I get it ... mackey just like you old man . Boy , I remember you parent walk you around the block in a stroller . now look at you . how old be ya anyway ? davey fourteen . mackey fourteen ? shit. perfect age . wish I could just freeze it for you . davey anyway , I gotta get home for dinner . mackey of course . I can take it from here . send you folk my best . davey nod , head back up the basement stair as the SOUND of kide yelling out echoes over -- ext . juniper STREET - cul - do - sac - high above - night a crystal clear New England summer night . dense forest butt up against the backyard of five house that line a cul - de - sac , each home separate by a sizeable yard . numerous flashlight beam slice through the darkness . a commotion of some sort . a search ? no , it 's -- teenaged boy ( 0.s. ) ( echoing , from a distance ) manhunt ! we be come to get you shithead ! as we swoop down , we find davey run through a neighbor 's pitch black backyard , dress in all dark clothes . davey go-go-go ! a few other kide ( 12 - 15 ) , also dress in dark clothing , scatter in all direction , look for hide spot . we stay with davey as he bolt into what we recognize as mackey 's backyard . duck behind a thick bush up against Mackey 's house . look around . do not see anyone -- farraday ( 0.s. ) move over ! davey jump , turn to find curtis farraday ( 14 ) , aka '' farraday , " he nerdy friend , squeezing in behind the bush . farraday 's the kid puberty leave behind -- high -pitch voice , and about a head short than davey with horn -rimm glass . davey the hell , farraday ? find you own spot ! you be gonna get we catch ! farraday this be my spot ! davey not right now -- go ! annoy , farraday slink away . davey listen . no movement . then he hear muffled , indiscernible voice come from -- inside mackey 's house . davey peek into the window to find -- mackey , phone at he ear , sit across the dining room table from a teenaged kid ( 13 ) . scraggly red hair , acne , freckle , GREEN atari shirt . davey do not recognize he . Mackey shrug apologetically , hang up . no one answer . the redhead nod , and Mackey say something that make he laugh . they head into another room and out of davey 's sight ... woody ( 0.s. ) got you , dude ! davey recoil as flashlight beam nail he . squint past the light to find dale woodworth , aka , '' woody '' ( 14 ) and tommy eaton , aka , '' eat '' ( 14 ) smile down at he , victorious . davey Jesus , Woody ! Woody 's a bear of a kid . the opposite of farraday -- puberty come fast and furious . eat be the punk of the group . like a character out of the ramone . a wise - ass through and through . woody hiding in farraday 's spot , man ? lame . you be better than that . eat davey , treehouse in fifteen . after we catch this little bitch . woody he 's close . I can practically smell the noxzema on he . as Woody and eat dash into the night to continue the search , davey peer back into Mackey 's window . all 's quiet . ext . eat 's house - side yard - night a treehouse hang in the limb of a maple beside a classic colonial house . a light glow inside as -- farraday ( 0.s. ) I can not wait to get laid ... int . treehouse - continuous Woody 's get a porno mag in hand , davey and farraday on either side of he . Woody and farraday look particularly intoxicate by the picture of beautiful , naked women . eat be not you guy sick of look at that same chick ? sitting across from they , eat sip from a flask . davey shit no , man . farraday or even just feel - up a chick . eat second base ? that 's it ? I round third once . she be hot , too . woody just so happen to be a girl none of we know -- eat I be on vacation , dipshit . woody how convenient ... davey I would be happy just to get on base with nikki . farraday oh , man . how be she so friggin hot ? eat too bad she 's into my brother . davey Kyle !? no way ! he 's twenty and he work at the hardware store . farraday when 's he get we more porno ? the page on this one be wear off -- eat I tell you , he say we can go fuck ourselves . farraday tell he we be try to . that 's why we need the porno mag . the guy all have a laugh as eat pass the flask to Woody . Woody take a sip -- cough , gag -- woody thank God for this treehouse . wish I could just live up here instead of with my mom ... davey I dunno how safe that have be . with that kid go miss -- eat okay , here we go ... davey what . eat come on , we all know what you be gonna say . '' it 's a conspiracy . it 's all connect . the disappearance be not random , they be part of some vast governmental alien cover - up . '' right ? davey just stare at he a moment , not want to admit he 's right , but -- davey so you do not think it 's weird ? last summer , a kid go miss in Hamilton . now another kid disappear in newburyport ...? eat and farraday laugh . davey look to Woody for support . woody davey , you be my best friend , but you sound like a nutjob . farraday remember when he connect a lite brite to he keyboard to try and communicate with extraterrestrials ? eat or when he swore there be a demonic presence in he room cuz we house be build on indian burial grounds ? davey that be like ... three year ago ! and we house be build on a indian burial ground -- farraday there 's literally no proof of that -- eat all right , be we do here ? I gotta beat off before my parent get home . farraday oh shit , good call . I be outta here . davey you guy be animal ... as davey follow farraday down the ladder , eat grab at the porn mag in Woody 's hand , but Woody will not let go . woody no way ! think you be tired of look at this same chick . eat I be . why ya think I stop bangin you mom ? woody you be dead ! Woody grab eat , they wrestle playfully as we -- int . davey 's house - davey 's room - later the room be literally wallpaper with the front page of various tabloid : '' satanic cult abduct Children , " '' I be bigfoot 's Love slave , '' '' back from the Dead -- for two year I be a Zombie , " '' be ufo abduct cow ? '' etc ... davey 's in bed read '' the hardy boy : the shore road mystery . " his mother , sheila ( 40s ) , enter . 10 . she have the big hair and business suit of a career woman , but the gentle nature of a mom . she fix he cover , take the book away . sheila you know you should not read this stuff before bedtime . scary dream . davey Mom , I be fourteen . you do not need to tuck I in anymore . sheila maybe you do not need I to . do not mean I be ready to give it up . she kiss he on the forehead . davey think dad 's gonna be home soon ? sheila I do not know , hon . you know how the news be . always something go on that need report . sleep tight . Sheila flick off he bedroom light , close he door . as soon as she 's go , davey reach under he bed , pull out a GE robot starcode walkie talkie . speak softly -- davey ( into walkie ) guy , roller Palace tomorrow ? davey hop out of bed . grab the binoculars from he nightstand and walk to the window on the other side of he room . pull aside the curtain that face the house next door . binoculars Pov : a dimly - light room . we can just barely make out the shape of a bed , a nightstand ... farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) scope some cuty ? I be in . eat ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) hope that chick from last week be there . she be all over I . woody ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) you ask to touch she boob and she throw you over the railing . davey scan the other window , but the neighbor house be empty . no sign of life . he could not be more disappointed ... 11 . eat ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) Bet I do not look half as dumb as davey every time he see nikki in the dj booth and bite it . davey 's disappointment suddenly turn to a devilish smile -- davey ( into walkie ) know what do not bite ? the fact that I can see she right now ... nake ... farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) bullshit ... woody ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) if you be serious , I hate you . davey ( into walkie ) Holy shit , she 's wave for I to come over -- eat ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) okay , now I know you be full of it . eat , out . farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) I would trade both my nut to have that view . she 's like you private dancer . ( sing ) " a dancer for money . do what you want she to dooooo . " woody ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) Tina Turner ? I fuckin love she ! farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) dude , I too ! I mean , I know we be technically not she demographic but -- click ! davey turn off he walkie , roll he eye . returns to bed and look out the large picture window at he bedside at the entire cul - de-sac . the perfect view . he grab he -- binoculars Pov : davey 's magnify gaze scan the other home in the cul - de-sac , finally landing on mackey 's house directly across the STREET . no light on . nothing out of the ordinary . davey hop back in bed , pull the cover over he head as -- over black we hear rustling , then ... a ring of light become a flood of illumination , revealing we be -- 12 . inside a garbage can , looking up at davey as he drop a lumpy garbage bag down onto we -- ext . davey 's house - backyard - day davey drop the lid back into place , cover he nose . refuse be strewn across the deck around three garbage can , one of which be still knock over . he look over the extraordinary mess and sigh . pull on yellow rubber glove . davey can you at least make Mom double - bag she meatloaf when she toss it ? smell like werewolf crap . davey 's father randall ( 40s ) supervise from the patio table where he clean the detach lens from a professional grade betamax camcorder . channel six news emblazon on the side . randall if you remember to put the cinder block on that bin like I tell you , we would not have this mess . davey I hate raccoon . you should do a exclusive . get pest control in here . I could film it ... randall yeah , nice try . camcorder 's off - limit . it 's -- davey -- expensive , I know . how be I suppose to become the next spielberg if I do not practice ? randall give a amused smirk . click the lens back in place and head for the patio door . randall just make sure this patio 's clean before you go anywhere , capiche ? ext . downtown ipswich - day on they bmx bike , clearly on a mission , bag of candy in hand , the boy zip through the picturesque seaside downtown , brush past outrage pedestrian ... 13 . ext . roller palace - establishing - dusk a roller skate rink , parking lot fill . the sound of bananarama 's '' cruel summer " bleed into the night from inside as the guy roll up on they bike ... int . roller palace - a short time later the music pound the AIR as round and round the rink go the crowd of teen rollerskaters . nearly in slow-motion , a gorgeous teen girl glide past as ... davey , eat , farraday and Woody stare , slack - jaw . eat nearly trip , almost take Woody with he . woody Control yourself , ya psycho ! eat I can not -- I get need , Woody ! they all laugh as davey 's gaze float up to the dj in the booth overlook the floor . nikki kaszuba ( 17 ) bob she head as she search through a stack of vinyl for a next song . glaringly hot and aloof , she 's the kind of girl guy throw they virginity at . davey stare up at she dreamily , slow he roll . the guy track he gaze . and now they be all entrance . farraday nikki kaszuba . she 's like , scientifically the perfect woman . eat if she be my sitter I 'da be bangin she the second my ball drop . woody be it hard not to pop a boner every time she give you a bath ? davey it be four year ago , not ten . calm down . we just play game and shit . eat what kind of game ? naughty game ? davey I hate you guy ... davey skate off toward the -- 14 . int . roller palace - bathroom hallway - a short time later davey skate out of the bathroom drying he hand . someone grab he , slam he against the wall -- nikki now you be spying on I here too ? davey 's eye go wide -- it 's nikki ! and she know ! word come out because holy shit be this girl hot ! nikki yeah , I know you perv spy on I . davey 's heart be hammer in he chest . nikki nothing to say ? really ? davey no , I just -- I never watch when you be -- I mean , I do not mean to watch you , you be just -- nikki I be just what ? davey perfect . but but no the anger on nikki 's face dissipate . she let davey go , skate off . davey watch after she , the weight of what just happen sink in . what do I just say !? int . roller palace - rink - continuous davey roll up on the other guy , who be plainly stare at the ass of a group of oblivious girl a few foot ahead . he still look like he 's in shock . farraday the hell happen to you ? davey huh ? nothing ... eat you sure ? we be worried maybe you get kidnap or something . davey you be such a asshole . 15 . eat come from you , that 's a compliment . now , watch as I show you dicknose how to score with the lady ... eat speed toward the group of oblivious girl . the guy quicken they pace to catch up , but as davey round the loop , past the dj booth , he glance up to find nikki looking back at he . the moment last a eternity . she smirk ! then -- wham ! davey trip , take a ridiculous spill , skin screeching on the wood . a few skater trip over he , cause a pile -up . in the dj booth , nikki play the famous sound bite from the surfaris 's '' wipe out . '' laughter fill the air as we -- int . davey 's house - live room - night davey 's family sit around the tv eat dinner off tv trays . on the tv , a news anchor ( 40s ) talk summer Olympic ... news anchor ( from tv ) now confirm that 14 Eastern bloc country , include the Soviet Union , will boycott the Olympic Games in Los Angeles later this summer ... randall unbelievable . cold War 's never gonna end . davey , you future 's doom . Sheila hand a thick folder off the end table to randall . sheila John drop this off today . randall ah , great . must be the flier for the block party . randall open it . randall yup . they get a Beatles cover band to play this year . pretty neato . davey nikki 's not djing like last year ? she 's amazing . randall probably not in the card , what with she parent get a divorce . 16 . davey blanch as he heart drop . davey nikki 's parent be get divorced ? sheila where have you hear that ? randall Bob burnquist bowl with Mike kaszuba . Said it 's pretty ugly . supposedly , Mike 's not even live in the house right now . sheila let 's not gossip , randall ... ( think about it ) but that 's awful . I never would have think they be have problem . randall that 's why they invent curtain , hon . sheila well , enough about that . at least the block party sound like it 's 1ll be fun . davey yeah , but why 's it always like the last weekend before school start ? randall that 's kinda the point , pal . say goodbye to summer fun with a bang . int . davey 's house - davey 's room - a short time later mind still on nikki , davey grab he binocular . go to the side window and cautiously look out at -- binoculars Pov : nikki 's bedroom window . the light be on , but no one 's there . davey focus in on a framed photo on she bedside table . it 's of nikki and she mom and dad . davey lower the binocular , sadden as -- brrring ! the house phone ring . davey hurry into the -- hallway . grab the phone off the wall . before he can answer , he hear voice on the line . he 's about to hang up when -- 17 . randall ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) wanna tell I what 's so urgent I can not just come in tomorrow ? the unknown caller sigh , unsure how to say that -- male voice ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) randall , it 's -- the Chronicle receive a letter from some guy call himself the '' cape Ann killer . '' claim he 's kill thirteen teenage boy over the last decade . davey 's eye go wide . a moment of silence pass on the line . male voice ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) it 's legit . Story 's gonna break any second . we need ya in here , pronto . back in he room . davey grab the walkie-talkie as the voice of he parent echo up from downstair . the front door slam . davey ( into walkie ) guy ! something big be go down ! eat ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) someone 's go down on who ? davey ( into walkie ) I be right . know that miss boy ? it 's a serial killer ! my dad just get call in ! farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) Holy shit , you be not kid . it 's on the news right now . davey drop the walkie-talkie and race back down to the -- int . davey 's house - live room - continuous Sheila 's stand in front of the tv , remote control clutch firmly to she chest . davey see the live PRESS conference where deputy sheriff lewis caldwell ( 50 ) address reporter . sheriff caldwell ( from tv ) this afternoon , the cape Ann Chronicle receive a anonymous letter from someone claim responsibility for the death of thirteen teenage boy . davey can not believe what he 's hearing . he look at Sheila . she watch in stunne silence . 18 . sheriff caldwell ( from tv ) the author also provide a list of name , date and pertinent detail related to a number of open miss person case . we have confirm the accuracy of this statement and can now officially label this person a active serial killer . on screen , the feed cut back to the in - studio news anchor . news anchor ( from tv ) sheriff 's office report they be likely look for a white male in he late - 30 to 40s , live alone . preferred target appear to be male , age 12 to 16 -- click . Sheila turn off the tv . knuckle white on the remote . tense silence fill the void , until -- sheila I just , I can not believe something -- int . davey 's house - davey 's room - later close on davey 's face , a familiar glimmer in he eye -- davey -- like this could happen here ! it could be anybody ! this be the coolest thing that 's ever happen to we ! all four guy be here , though from they hushed voice , it 's obvious they be not suppose to be . woody they say he hunt guy we age . think maybe we should cool it with the late night manhunt ? farraday why ? none of the miss kid be from ipswich . and cape Ann 's wick big -- davey it 's not that big . how be you not freaking out that something 's finally happen in this town ? eat because there 's no way it 's gonna hit we or this neighborhood . we love you , man , but look at this place . 19 . the guy scan the room : a '' Area 51 '' poster hang on the wall beside a large frame still of the classic Patterson - gimlin Big Foot video . alien figurine and toy cover most surface . a large cross adorn a wall , garlic hang from it . eat you be desperate for crazy shit to happen . you hear a news story and suddenly every boogeyman in this magazine life down the street . farraday grab the binoculars . look out the side window -- davey Excuse I for be the only one to hear there 's a serial killer on the loose in cape Ann and get a -- farraday ( 0.s. ) boner ! Holy shit ! all the guy crowd to the window to follow farraday 's gaze . could only be one thing . eat scramble to grab the extra set of binoculars davey keep near the window . eat move over , Woody ! fat ass ! eat duck down at Woody 's knee , and as the four adolescent guy gaze out , we see -- binoculars Pov : nikki , in her window . undress . her back to we boy , she slip off she bra . sunkiss skin , the graceful curve of she shoulder and bare neck achingly feminine . farraday I bet she hair smell like vidal sassoon . eat definitely . if I be over there right now , she have be pregnant . davey guy , show she a little respect . her parent be get divorced . a moment of silence pass ... then -- farraday statistically that mean she 's , like , 78 percent more likely to engage in pre-marital sex . 20 . davey you guy be disgusting . eat whatever , dude , you be think it . farraday Bank it and spank it . Woody wrestle the binocular from farraday , sneak a peek for himself . his jaw instantly drop . woody I feel like I just discover the meaning of life . davey , you gotta get with she , man . davey look out at nikki with a look of pure intoxication . it 's not lust in he eye , it 's something more . until -- nikki spin -- realize she 's be watched ! eat shit-get-down ! the guy drop to the floor , but davey frozen . he meet nikki 's gaze -- woody ( 0.s. ) dude ...! Woody yank he to the floor and out of frame . Far too late . davey ( 0.s. ) I be so fuck ... ext . farraday 's house - establishing - day another upper-middle - class , two -story colonial on the cul - de - sac . we can see davey 's house a couple driveway over . int . farraday 's house - kitchen - continuous stuff sandwich in they face , farraday and davey hover over a newspaper . the headline read , '' the cape ann killer - 15 confirmed victims and counting . '' davey the cape Ann killer . so rad . dude , look at this -- davey run he finger along a photo of the killer 's letter . it include a list of name . the victim . right there in black and white , next to the info hotline number . 21 . davey now that we have they name , I bet we can find detail of they disappearance at the library -- francine absolutely not ! francine farraday ( 40s ) , set a bowl of dorito between the boy . just look at she , you can see the conservative , razor - sharp intellect of a clinical psychiatrist . francine and if I find out you do , I be call you mother , David . besides , curtis have homework . farraday so stupid . everyone else get to hang out all summer . I hate the academy -- francine my son be not go to be the first farraday without a Ph.D. from a ivy League school . period . curtis farraday , sr . join the boy at the table with a salad . he stab a finger onto the paper . curtis sr . make I sick . the media support the name this psychopath give himself like he 's in the damn World wrestling federation . whoever he be , he 's clearly derange and beyond help . francine all serial killer be beyond help . that 's why they be serial killer . they can not stop themselves . davey why do they call they serial killer ? francine '' serial '' just mean '' many . '' so it 's someone who 's drive to murder multiple people over many year . curtis sr . we have both do some research into the subject . francine more than I . 22 . davey can you tell we about some of they ? francine oh , I do not think it 's appropriate . curtis sr . if they do not hear it from we , dear , you can be sure they 'il learn about it from the g.d. news ... francine consider . nod agreement . francine well , this country 's see its fair share . h.h. holme be the first one document . built a hotel in Chicago . call it he '' murder Castle . '' curtis sr . no one know how many people he kill there . probably hundred . davey and farraday 's eye light up like the fourth of July . curtis sr . then there 's Ed kemper , '' the co - Ed killer . '' John Wayne gacy , '' the killer clown . '' guy actually dress up like a clown for the kid in he neighborhood . never trust a clown . francine Ted Bundy , '' the Lady killer . '' my favorite . farraday Mom ...! Gross ! francine meaning he 's fascinating . he confess to murdering thirty woman . use he good look to seduce , kidnap and kill he victim . some serial even keep item from they victim , which we call '' trophy . '' this be deeply disturb individual . curtis sr . the list go on and on . all with sensational name to sell newspaper and gain rating . the news media disgust I . no offense to you father , davey . 23 . davey but why would the killer write this letter after all this time ? francine to raise the stake . make it more of a thrill , and show how confident he be that he will not be catch . he think he 's smarter than the police , and he 's try to prove it . francine scoops the newspaper off of the counter . peer down at it , shaking she head in disgust as she walk over ... francine we think this town be insulate from all the madness out there . but even ipswich be not safe anymore ... and drop it into the trash bin -- int . ipswich public library - microfiche lab - day mere foot away from a oblivious old woman ( 70 ) , eat jokingly hump a bookcase . ipswich be not safe anymore indeed . he 's get Woody in stitches as nearby -- farraday guy , cut the shit ! unlike you , I actually come here to study so do not get I kick out . newspaper from farraday 's house on he lap , davey sit at a microfiche machine . farraday load in a sheet . maneuver through page of old newspaper article . farraday just use this knob to scroll , find the article you want . easy ... davey take the wheel . use the current paper as reference . start search for victims 's name . as he scroll , we see -- quick cut of disturbing headline , last photograph of smiling victims -- a blond boy .... a fat boy .... a shaggy boy .... more boy , all teenager . and then a break in the pattern -- a full family ( mom , dad , twin teenaged boy ) and a shot of there crime scene : a dinner table with blood splotches in front of every chair . time fly by as one by one , he cross name off the list . 24 . farraday I can not look at this stuff anymore . farraday get up and walk off . but davey 's eye be wide with morbid fascination . he’s hooked . we see more grotesque shot of the cape ann killer 's work as davey track the killer 's activity across month , year -- plop ! a magazine spread drop in front of he face . a pair of bare african tribal breast close enough to motorboat . eat boom ! afri-can ... get it ? davey you guy be not gonna believe the shit I find -- davey turn to find eat and Woody . a stack of national geographic magazine in they hand , aka the best source of porn a fourteen year old can easily get he hand on . eat forget what you find -- we snag enough tribal muff to carpet you house . we be back in business . eat stuff a pair of natgeos down the front of he pants . davey the hell be you do !? eat free porn , bro . ext . juniper STREET - cul -de - sac - night dress in black , davey and the guy shoot the shit with the usual crew of manhunt kide as the last of the sun set -- davey okay , where the hell 's sammy ? we need he or we do not have number . neighborhood kid 1 I dunno . we have not hear from he in a few day . by the look on everyone 's face , that 's not normal . davey be they home ? 25 . neighborhood kid 2 car 's in the driveway . they must be . eat let 's go get the little shit . Woody , stay here , make sure none of this dickweed leave . ext . the hoffman house - front door - night knock-knock-knock -- davey , eat and farraday await a response ... that do not come . eat and farraday peek into the window beside the door ... farraday no movement . eat or light . oh well ... davey oh well ? you do not think this be a little weird ? no one 's see sammy in day . what if -- eat do not even say it ! they be probably up at the lake or some shit . davey then why 's they car here ? davey go to the hoffman ' nearby station wagon . squint in the window ... nothing out of the ordinary . farraday maybe they rent one ...? davey why would they -- eat who care ? the real issue be that we do not have number because of the little prick , so now I can not play manhunt . whatever , I be out . farraday I be gonna go catch up on my summer read . fuckin homework . later . fun extinguish . eat and farraday head off ... 26 . but davey linger . he approach the front door , peer into the darken window , morbid curiosity boil over . he casually tries the front door knob , but it 's lock . bummer . davey turn around . take in the view from the hoffman ' -- a unobstructed view of Mackey 's backyard . hmm ... int . davey 's house - kitchen - day davey put the finish touch on a pb&j . grab the jelly , reach for the refrigerator door -- see a note written in marker on the magnetized refrigerator whiteboard : '' date : 6/29 message : work late again . get a pizza . call one of the neighbor in case of a emergency . '' on the bottom of the whiteboard , a list of name and phone number : '' farraday , Mackey , woodworth , eaton , '' etc ... davey put the jelly back in the fridge , grab the milk . pour himself a glass and place the carton on the counter . take a glorious bite of the pb&j . swig the milk -- nearly choke at the picture on the back of the milk carton -- '' dustin ' dusty 's dewitt - missing since 6/2/84 " it 's the red -headed kid he saw at mackey 's house ! holy ! shit ! int . treehouse - a short time later the flicker light of candle on the table in the center of the space give a slightly crazy gleam to the eye of -- davey Mackey 's the cape Ann killer ! he look like a man possess . a prolong silence hang between eat , farraday and Woody . farraday I know we should not have take you to the library . I blame myself . eat I also blame farraday . davey I know it sound kinda ridiculous -- eat yeah , because it be . as soon as that news report come out , we all know it be just a matter of time till you -- 27 . wham ! davey slap the milk carton onto the table . eat congrat , you be get you calcium , so what ? davey no , man , look -- davey point at the picture of dusty dewitt . the guy grab the carton . take a closer look at the picture . farraday who 's the miss ginger ? davey that 's the kid I see in Mackey 's dining room a few week ago ! when we be play manhunt ! woody how sure be you it 's he ? davey never be more sure of anything in my entire life . eat that 's a low bar . plus , redhead all look the same . farraday so true . woody do you tell you parent ? davey no way ! they would never believe I , and they would ground I . I need proof . guy , I be only like ten foot away ! I see he clear as day ! that 's he ! eat and farraday study the carton , consider this insane possibility . davey plus , what about the hoffman ? they lakehouse be only a couple hour north , but they car 's still here ? something 's definitely off . and they have a perfect view of Mackey 's yard . 28 . eat davey so , what if one of the hoffman see Mackey with dusty in the yard -- woody who ? farraday the miss ginger . davey -- Mackey find out somehow , and then kill they to get rid of the threat . silence . everyone think over the detail ... woody look , I will admit this be all pretty weird , but that 's kind of a stretch . farraday eat , tell he what Kyle say . eat farraday , what the fuck -- davey what would Kyle say ? do he know something ? eat goddammit . Fine . he say Mackey come into the hardware store every week and busy like fifty pound of dirt . say it 's for he garden -- davey his garden !? bullshit ! who use fifty pound of dirt a week in a backyard garden ? he 's also get a room in he basement with a padlock on the door . he 's single and he life alone . why would he need that ? davey plop down the cape ann chronicle . point at a section on the front page beneath the '' cape ann killer '' headline -- davey still not convinced ? ( read ) ( more ) 29 . davey ( cont 'd ) '' suspect be likely a white male , late - 30 to 40s , life alone ... '' eat dude , Mackey 's a cop . with a sick reputation -- davey that 's what 's genius about it ! he know police tactic . he could plant evidence to throw they off , or destroy it if they ever find anything bad . who would suspect a cop ? it 's the perfect cover . a sense of dread spread around the table . he 's get a point . davey guy , if Mackey be what I think he be , we have gotta do something . woody yeah , we gotta call the cop . davey have you not be listen ? we report anything to the cop , Mackey will find out . then he could just destroy the evidence . or walk over and silence we . permanently . eat okay , Magnum , p.i . what 's you plan ? davey we have to find out the truth -- and be able to prove it . this be all circumstantial ; we have gotta find real , hard evidence . which mean ... mischief in he eye , davey smile big . it 's infectious as smile wipe across every face around the table . even eat ' . farraday stakeout ? davey search and destroy . who 's with I ? woody I will bring the snack . davey , you get the gear . 30 . eat this be batshit crazy . I be in . exhilated , davey put he hand out -- Woody 's , farraday 's and eat ' quickly slap down on top of it . davey operation mack attack start now ! stakeout montage a series of shot over a upbeat ' 80s synth jam -- operation mack attack in full swing : -- Mackey toss a duffel bag into he immaculate 1980 jeep wagoneer , drive off . hiding in the bushes , davey lower he binocular , jot down the time ... -- at dusk , farraday hunker down inside he parent 's parked car as mackey 's wagoneer roll past head into he driveway . farraday jot down the time ... -- in he room , davey add note to a large whiteboard . they accumulate observation , laid out by day and time . it 's start to fill up ... -- on he paper route , davey chuck a newspaper . it land on a perfectly manicure lawn . we see the headline : '' fear across cape ann reach FEVER pitch . '' -- during a manhunt game , davey peek in Mackey 's window . find Mackey do laundry . sense something , Mackey look out the window to find -- nothing . davey duck just in time . -- from he treehouse , eat look up from a porno mag to spot Mackey eat dinner . boooorrring . eat jot down the time , go back to he magazine , unfurl a centerfold . yowza ... -- on the whiteboard in he room , davey add more note to each day . most day and time be fill in ... -- on he paper route , davey pull a newspaper from he bag , look at the news headline : '' FBI consulted in cape ann killer investigation . '' -- Mackey wipe sweat as he dig in he garden . above he , hiding in a tree , woody jot down a note ... -- from he bedroom window , davey watch Mackey drive off . he turn he binocular to check the hoffman house . still no one home . davey jot down note ... 31 . -- davey finish add a note to the whiteboard and step back . it 's full of note from the stakeout . a week in the life of Mackey , he entire schedule , in black and white . end montage ext . beach - one week later - day FOURTH of JULY banner strung from lifeguard tower float on the wind above the crowded beach . families play and swim in the sand and surf beneath the golden sun . on a large beach blanket , davey , eat , farraday and Woody be huddle around a notebook -- davey okay , run down . he leave he house every day at 8:24 with the same duffel bag . content unknown . grab the last day 's mail on the way out . farraday returns home with the bag around 6:25 . go into the house through the garage door and close it behind he . always close it ! woody he garden . a lot . like , five day a week . veggy . probably . eat he have dinner alone every night at 7:00 ... ish . then probably wank it and cry himself to sleep . loser . beep ! beep ! beep ! eat 's casio calculator watch go off . eat bikini break ! one minute ! the guy turn as one to look across the sand and gawk at -- nikki , in a DNA -stir bikini , toss a football with a couple other girlfriend and a few rip senior guy . dick . eat God I wish I be that bikini . farraday I should have wear baggier trunk ... davey watch nikki . long . smile to himself . 32 . davey so amazing how , like , everyone love she , ya know ? the guy shoot davey a disgust look -- farraday what the fuck be you say ...? davey no , I just mean she 's get a lot to offer the world ... beep ! beep ! beep ! the casio alarm shatter they daydream . eat if you be do be a bitch , can we get back to work , please ? but davey' gaze remains on nikki as she bounce to and for with the football . it 's pure heaven . woody ( 0.s. ) well , we know he schedule now , so what do we do next ? nikki , as if sense she 's be watch , look over at davey . she smile . we melt . davey ( inspire ) catch this fucker and become heroes . ext . juniper STREET - cul -de - sac - night binoculars Pov : davey 's parent pull out of the driveway , gussie up for a night out . as they drive off ... davey ( 0.s. ) we be clear ... the binocular scan ... find mackey 's house . no light on . davey ( 0.s. ) on all front . ext . eat 's house - side yard - continuous a small tent , wall glow with lantern light from inside , make the perfect stakeout spot . except it 's empty . because all the action 's currently happen up in the -- 33 . eat ( 0.s . ) + come on , no way . how can you say that ? they be fuckin teddy bear ! you think a buncha teddy ruxpins could take down the Empire ? int . treehouse - continuous davey full whiteboard now hang next to a pin up playboy page with a naked chick who look a awful lot like nikki . davey , deck out in he black '' manhunt '' clothes , lower he binocular as he parent 's car disappear . he turn to find the rest of the gang , also dress in black -- farraday they be alien , and highly intelligent ! look how fast that one learn to drive a speeder bike , then ditch it without be spot . eat whatever , dude . they be bear . now if it be gremlin , I have buy it . maybe . davey I gotta get my parent to take I to see that . maybe go with nikki . eat sure , then she can find out what happen if she get you mogwai wet . the guy all laugh as headlight sweep across the cul - de-sac . they instantly pile into the large treehouse window . davey whip he binocular up to watch as -- binoculars Pov : Mackey 's wagoneer pull into he driveway . Mackey get out , look around at the sleepy neighborhood . do he sense he 's be watch ? eat what the hell 's he do ? binoculars Pov : after a moment , Mackey walk toward he house -- but go around the side of the garage to the backyard . woody davey , where 's he -- the sound of heavy dragging snap they attention back to -- binoculars Pov : Mackey emerge onto he driveway again , pull he garbage can behind he . 34 . he take they to the curb . head back inside . the garage door close behind he . a few of the light in he house pop on . in the treehouse , davey let out the breath he do not realize he be hold . Woody and eat lower they binocular . farraday wait , be that it ? stakeout over ? eat let 's break into he garage . woody we can not do that . he 's a cop . davey guy , this be a stakeout . we know he pattern now . so we just sit back , watch and wait to see if anything strange happen . davey bring the binocular back to he eye -- binoculars Pov : davey scan , land on mackey 's garbage can . davey or if a opportunity present itself . woody at least we get snack ... int . treehouse - later every bag of snack be shred , empty . national geographic magazine discard like spend hooker . farraday , alone , roll a twenty - sided die on the floor . consult a d&d dungeon master guide . a few heavy thump draw he gaze to the roof -- farraday ( into walkie ) Woody , you roll a sixteen . you elf be trap in a teleportation maze . you come back soon or what ? ext . treehouse roof - continuous squawking walkie at he foot , Woody struggle under the weight of eat on he shoulder . eat we be try to scope nikki 's tatas and you be talk about a elf ? woody can you see she or not ? 35 . eat raise he binocular . now we see he 's try to peep over davey 's roof to nikki 's window . he need to go -- eat Higher , ya bearded freak of nature . woody you be so much fatter than you look ! davey ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) guy ! I can hear you down here ! int . tent - side yard - continuous davey , the only one still focus , lie with he binocular stick out the flap of the tent . train on Mackey 's house . farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) davey , man . maybe we should call it . what be you even hope to see ? suddenly , finally , the light in mackey 's house go off . davey that . ext . mackey 's house - driveway - moment later under cover of darkness , davey run across the street , crouch behind the garbage can . he watch Mackey 's window cautiously . no light appear . the other guy catch up to he . farraday what the hell be we do !? davey put he hand on one of the garbage can . smirk . eat his fuckin trash ? be you kid ? davey there could be evidence in here . finger or bloody rag or something . we find anything , we get he . farraday do you guy know I at all ? I be not digging through trash . woody we be gonna get in trouble if we tear up he trash on the street . 36 . davey I have have to clean we deck three time in the last two week because raccoon keep get into ours . that 's all anyone 's gonna think . the guy look at each other , disgust . but what the hell ? eat if I find a use condom in here ... I be gonna be so jealous . later trash cover the base of the driveway . the guy 's hand and clothes cake in grime , sludge and worse . except for farraday , who sit a safe distance back on the curb . farraday how do you know you can not get aids from trash ? eat only way you be ever gettin aids ... farraday yeah , good one . do not call I tomorrow when you be puke blood . davey toss another empty bag onto the ground . frustrate . davey I can not believe it . nothing . maybe he do not do the killing here ? woody he could have , like , a lair or something somewhere ...? eat a lair ? he 's cobra Commander now ? farraday , still off to the side , spot Mackey 's mailbox . open it , look inside to find -- farraday what about he mail ? can tell a lot about someone by the magazine they be subscribe to ... Big smile on he face , he dig out a brand new playboy , still in its cellophane wrapper . 37 . eat ask and you shall receive ! eat be all smile as he snatch it , rip it open , toss the cellophane into the garbage pile and page through it . davey farraday 's right . we can check he mail every day and he 'il never suspect a thing . see what bill he get , who 's send he stuff ... eat tuck the playboy into he waistband . per the usual . eat i’1l handle that responsibility . of course he will . davey check he watch . davey it 's 10:30 . we should get outta here before my parent come back and see we . we can try again tomorrow . farraday night one , no luck . eat well , a little bit of luck -- eat pat the magazine tuck beneath he waistband , smile . as he and farraday peel off toward they respective home -- woody hey davey ? be it cool if I sleep over tonight ? kinda do not wanna be home . davey yeah , I be gonna ask you to anyway . I will make popcorn and we can watch " Close encounter . " woody awesome . I will go grab my stuff . be over ina bit . int . davey 's house - davey 's room - night davey 's sit at he window , hardy boy book in hand . but he gaze be fix on Mackey 's house . what 's happen in there ? be someone over there in the dark , cry , praying -- ding-dong ! davey jump at the SOUND of the doorbell . fuck ! he give the clock a accusatory look . 11:47 pm . it 's about time ! 38 . int . davey 's house - continuous davey bolt down the stair , grab the front door and swing it open , revealing -- davey dude , what take you so long ? nikki . she do not wait for he to pick he jaw up off the floor as she breeze past he into the house wear a sexy cut - off tee and short - short . nikki expecting somebody this late ? davey huh ? oh , just Woody -- my friend , I mean . not , uh -- nevermind . nikki wow , I have not be over in awhile . you mom move everything . davey uh -- I guess . like a year ago . nikki continue into the kitchen , grab a soda from the fridge like she life here . nikki you folk be not home ? davey Nah , date night . nikki smirk , crack the soda and it spray the air . she take a long , luscious sip , she eye never leave davey . she wipe she wet lip and give he a amused look -- nikki good . -- wink and walk confidently to the stair . head up ... holy . shit . be this happen right now ? he realize he 's just stand there alone . bolt after she -- int . davey 's house - davey 's room - continuous davey fly into the room to find nikki , already at he side window , binocular up to she eye . 39 . nikki huh ... better view of my room than I think . davey I have never see you naked ! instantly mortify , davey blushes . grab the binocular . nikki too bad . I have get a great body . what !? nikki smirk and walk away from the window . equal part embarrassed and turn on , davey start straighten up , stashing toy and nerd paraphernalia under he bed , in the closet . wherever he can . but nikki 's focus elsewhere , she hand trace along the peel National Enquirer cover that wallpaper he room . nikki wow ... when I give you that first National Enquirer , I never think it have lead to this . what be that one again ...? the cult that be , like , brainwashing elvis ' daughter for he money , right ? davey point to the wall where the cover of that National Enquirer permanently rest above he bed . nikki smile . nikki we have so much fun . God , suck how much thing have change . davey thing have change , but good thing . like , we be old enough to hang out together now . totally onto he clumsy attempt at be suave , she let she finger gently touch he hand . clearly have fun make he squirm . nikki too bad I be leave . guess we better get it all in now . her big eye lock onto he , gleam with mischievous intent . every gasket in davey 's brain about to blow , he remember -- davey how , uh -- how’re you parent ? 40 . nikki let 's stick to yours . what time do you say they have be home ? uhhhhh ... mind. frozen . she move closer to davey closer ... there lip about to meet ... this be it - thud ! they hear the door OPEN and close downstair ! sheila ( 0.s. ) davey ! we be back ! davey oh , fuck I . nikki laugh out loud at he reaction , slap a hand over she mouth . they share a look of excited amusement , then she rush to the window . climb out use the roof of the garage to get down to the ground safely . davey watch she go . totally in love . then leap onto he bed , drape he comforter over he lap as -- he door open and he parent come in . sheila honey ? I think I hear -- she see she son , lap cover , dishevel , eye wide . sheila oh ! oh my god. oh -- I -- I should have knock -- davey nonononono ! it 's not -- randall Jesus , davey . the bathroom at least have a lock . they retreat from he bedroom , shut the door -- davey ( yell out to they ) I be not do that ! he hurry to the window -- down below , there 's nikki look up at he . she smile , blows he a kiss , head off ... randall ( 0.s. ) ( through door ) davey , I think it 's time you and I have a little talk . when you be do . 41 . off davey 's mortify face we -- ext . suburban house - beverly farm , ma - night a pall of fog hang over the street as bobby coker ( 15 ) , a pimply teen , exit the front door of a single story ranch home . as the screen door close , he look back and wave -- bobby thanks again for everything , Mrs. s! mother ( 0.s. ) anytime . call when you get home so we know you be safe , okay ? bobby's friend ( 0.s. ) Mom , he life like four block away . bobby it 's cool . I will . see ya . Bobby head down the front step and down the sidewalk . as he turn the corner and out of sight -- bobby's friend ( 0.s. ) oh crap , he forget he bag . the screen door on the ranch home burst back open and bobby's friend ( 15 ) fly out , hustle to catch up . he hurry around the corner to find -- bobby's friend Bobby , you forget you -- a empty sidewalk . through the fog , he can just make out a set of brake light far down the block , as they turn and disappear into the void ... int . woody 's house - morning the flicker of the tv illuminate the room , glint off empty can and random refuse pile high on every surface . it 's the home of a boy without parent . unless you count -- brenda woodworth ( 5as ) lie pass out on the couch , still in she nurse 's uniform . makeup smear across she face . Hair a mess . the coffee table in front of she dot with little white pill carelessly pour out beside a bottle of gin . Woody stand in the doorway look at he parent . his security . and he know he 's on he own . 42. he walk over , not need to be stealthy . dig a hand in she purse . come out with she car keys . give Brenda one last troubled look . pull a blanket over she , kiss she forehead . woody Love you , mom ... then head out . Brenda do not even stir . ext . juniper STREET - cul -de - sac - day Mackey , drive he police cruiser , roll down the driveway . turn onto the street , pass -- davey ( 0.s. ) eight a.m. right on time . a parked station wagon . the guy be inside , duck down , peek through the window . Woody , however , sit upright in the driver 's seat , he troubled mind elsewhere -- farraday ( 0.s. ) get down , shit -for-brain ! Woody duck just in time as Mackey 's car head past , cruise down the street and out of sight ... davey Woody , what be you do ? you be gonna lose he already -- woody guy , I be freaking out right now , okay ? I get catch drive my mom 's car and I be dead shit ! farraday you say she 's sleep off a 36 - hour shift . she 's gonna be out for hour -- eat and you look like you be thirty . it 's gonna be fine , now drive ! ext . cape ann hardware store - downtown ipswich - day Mackey , in uniform , stroll along the sidewalk -- say '' hello '' to a passerby as he enter the hardware store . across the STREET , the guy pull up in the station wagon , duck down but watch like hawk . 43. davey Woody , what happen to you last night ? think you be come over . woody sorry . my mom ... need my help . davey you will never guess who show up at my door instead . at midnight . nikki . woody no way ! really !? farraday yeah , okay , davey . eat lemme speak in you language : there be not even a parallel universe with buttfuck wookiee where nikki come over to you house last night . davey I be serious ! she be about to kiss I when my parent get home and -- ( eye go wide ) guy , Mackey 's come out ! davey point across the STREET to where Mackey exit the hardware store ... eat we be pick up this convo later . eat 's brother Kyle be behind Mackey push a cart stack high with large bag of soil . farraday Holy shit , that be a lot of dirt . davey just like Kyle say . how many body you think that would bury ? just then , another hardware store employee come out push another cart . on it be six large , red -striped bag of some sort of chemical , along with two shovel and -- eat be that a fuckin pick axe ? yup . Kyle and the other employee pile the dirt and supplies into the backseat and trunk of the police cruiser . 44 , davey we gotta keep follow he , find out what he 's do with that stuff . int . / ext . station wagon - downtown ipswich - moment later approach a busy intersection , Woody and the guy have fall a few car behind Mackey . eat you drive like my mom , dude -- you be gonna lose he ! they be force to stop at the red light and watch as Mackey turn right on red . but the car between they be not turn . they just stop , box the boy in . Mackey 's go ... farraday Woody ...! the hell , man !? woody all right , frig this ! you guy be dick ! I be never do this again ! davey guy ! relax ! let 's just get home as fast as we can and hope that 's where he 's go too . int . / ext . station wagon - MAIN road - a short time later as the guy cruise along in silence , bad vibe in the air -- bwoop - bwoop ! Woody look into he rearview to find -- police light flashing ! the guy turn to see a police cruiser bear down on they as Woody pull he mom 's station wagon to the side of the road . woody oh shit ! fuck ! I be so screw ! davey be that Mackey !? eat Woody , just be cool -- woody I do not have a license , genius ! eat tell he you forget it at home . 45 . davey what if it 's fuckin Mackey !? the cop get out of he cruiser . as he approach , the guy can ’t see he face through the station wagon 's dirty window . ga-glunk -- ga-glunk -- davey 's heart pound as -- the cop tap on the window . Woody roll it down revealing ... officer cole ( 40s ) , tall and serious , but definitely -- davey not he ... thank god. woody oh shit , Officer Cole ... officer cole goddammit , Dale . I think that be you . do you mother know you steal she car ? woody I just borrow it ! we want snack and my mom be asleep -- officer cole what if it be not I that pull ya over ? you could be in real trouble . woody I know , and I be wick sorry . i’1l never do it again -- officer cole get I in a real bind here . can not just bust ya cuz then how be I gonna look you mother in the eye at church on Sunday ? Officer Cole consider a moment . look inside the car at each of the guy , all of whom be terrify ... except eat . officer cole Mr. eaton . what a surprise . eat Officer Cole . we meet again . officer cole look , guy , I get it . I take my ma 's car out for a joyride now and then when I be you age . but time have change . ( more ) 46 . officer cole ( cont ’d ) promise I you will go straight home and never do this again -- davey Excuse I , Officer ? Cole lean down , peer in at davey to get a good look . davey do you know Officer Mackey ? the other boy shoot davey a look of death : shut up , dude ! officer cole town this small , everyone know everyone on the force . why ? davey you like he ? I mean , he a good guy ? officer cole what 's this , twenty question ? just go home . where it 's safe . ( lower he voice ) another kid 's go miss . everyone up at town Hall 's panicked . they be even cancel the block party . it 's gonna be on the news any minute . davey what !? officer cole get you ass home . and stay there . int . davey 's house - live room - night on the tv , sheriff caldwell speak at a emergency press conference , address a crowd of reporter . behind caldwell , a large picture of a smile bobby coker sit on a easel . sheriff caldwell ( from tv ) the first 48 hour be vital . if anyone have any information , please call the hotline . both on the edge of they seat , davey watch next to he father as he walkie talkie screech to life -- randall still can not believe this . ya know they cancel block party , too ? it 's never be cancel before . what the hell be happen to this town ? 47 . farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) the eagle have land ! I repeat , the eagle have land ! davey bolt up , sprint for the stair and up into he -- randall hey , clean you room while you be up there ...! ya hear I ...? int . davey 's house - davey 's room - continuous davey shut the door , grab he binocular and peer out the picture window -- binoculars Pov : in Mackey 's driveway , the brakelight of Mackey 's wagoneer cast a creepy red glow over he yard . davey quickly scan the back of the wagoneer where the bag of soil should be ... but they 're not there . davey ( into walkie ) guy , the dirt 's not there . farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) maybe it 's still in he cruiser . davey ( into walkie ) why would he leave it in there ? woody ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) or he stashes it someplace . farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) shit this guy 's good . the brakelight fall dark . Mackey hop out . enter he house . davey consider ... whisper to himself -- davey we be on to you , Mackey ... click ... clack ... what the ...? davey turn to the side window as a pebble ricochet off . he go over , look out to find -- nikki . gazing up at he . she wave for he to come out . davey best summer ever ... 48. ext . nikki 's house - rooftop - night pair of steal beer between they , davey sit next to nikki , listen expectantly . the moonlight be magical , it 's summer and davey 's in love , even though -- nikki I think everything be fine . then they just sit I down and tell I they do not love each other anymore . like '' that 's that . '' they do not even seem upset . so fuck up ... davey they still love you though . nothing 's gonna change that . nikki it 's like my life 's just be one big lie . I feel like everyone 's gonna judge I now . like I can not even talk about it with anyone . davey what about you friend ? nikki especially my friend . they parent be all still happily marry . whatever that mean . davey nod , unsure what to say in the face of such tragedy . nikki honestly , I can not wait to get out of this stupid town , away from they . davey try to hide the fact that he 's crush . until he see tear form in she eye . nikki be you parent happy ? davey I dunno ... I guess ... nikki you must think I be a loser , bring you out here for this . davey no way . I love hang out with you - - I mean , ya know , as friend . 49 . nikki look at he . realizing for the first time -- nikki you really care about I , do not you ? davey well , yeah . I always have . they hold each other 's gaze for a long moment . then -- davey can I tell you a secret ...? nikki give he a expectant look over she beer as she take a swig . he muster he courage ... davey I think Mackey 's the cape Ann killer . nikki nearly spit out she beer . davey 's word seem to just hang there in the air between they . then nikki chuckle . davey I be not kid . nikki Mr. Mackey ? davey , he 's friend with my dad . he 's totally harmless . davey that 's what he want you to think . nikki I know how you mind work . but you be wrong . davey this be different . we have be spying on he and -- nikki he 's a cop ! if you mom and dad find out you be spying on he , they would flip they shit . davey I know . that 's why they be not gonna . not until we have real evidence to show they . nikki davey , listen to I . you gotta stop . 50 . davey you be just like everyone else ... nikki no , look -- if you be wrong , you will look like a lunatic and be in trouble forever . and if you be right ... he might catch you , or come after you . davey I be not gonna get catch . nikki please , just let the police handle the killer . I do not want anything bad to happen to you ... you might just be the only person leave in this neighborhood I actually care about . int . treehouse - night the guy look through a few brand new porn mag , all address to Mackey . this be Heaven . woody it 's the freakin mother lode . eat stake out Mackey be the best idea you have ever have , davey . farraday have a pretty good idea , myself -- farraday pull out a bottle of jack daniel . farraday snag it from my dad 's stash . eat so you be use that brainpower for good . about damn time . gimme some -- they eagerly pass the bottle around and take swig . one by one , they cringe in disgust and groan . farraday cough -- farraday oh , it 's bad . it 's so bad . davey tastes like my mouth be bleed . eat guess you dickhead be not man yet . 51 . eat keep the Jack , clearly force it down with each tiny sip as the other guy spit and swish soda like mouthwash . eat so let 's hear it , what 's up with you and nikki ? davey we hang out again last night . she say she like talk to I . we have , like , a connection . eat fuck you , a '' connection . '' only connection I want with she be vaginal . oral if she 's into it -- davey do not talk about she like that ! the guy all blankly stare at he -- who be you ? davey refocus on Mackey 's house , miff . woody ya think she douch ? farraday eww , Jesus , Woody ! woody what ? my mom do -- davey guy , we need to stay focus . Mackey 's still out there . we need something solid . davey grab the binocular -- binoculars Pov : davey scan the neighborhood , pan from leave to right ... farraday we have be on he for week . if he be gonna give we a clue , we have have see it by now , do not ya think ? land on the hoffman 's house . lower the binocular . davey not if we miss it the first time . grab the flashlight . 52 . ext . the hoffman house - night the guy approach the front door . everything dark inside . davey shine he durabeam flashlight through the window but can not make out anything . he try the doorknob -- errrrrk -- and it open ! the front door slowly sway wide , revealing a pitch black house . davey 's eye light up . farraday what . everyone keep they door unlock around here . davey yeah , but this be lock last time ... we gotta go in . what if they be dead in there ? eat you say the killer kill kid , not adult . davey that 's not totally true . one of the article at the library say he kill a whole family in rockport . Police say something must have go wrong . and if it 's Mackey ... eat fuck ! that ! you wanna go in there , be my guest . dumbass first . but davey 's already on he way inside ... eat davey , I be kid ! .... davey ! as they hesitantly follow davey inside -- woody guy , I get a bad feel . int . the hoffman house - foyer - moment later farraday and Woody hang onto each other as the guy creep into the dark front room . davey , flashlight lead the way , find the close light switch . flip it : nothing . davey Light 's not work . eat you guy smell that ? 53. woody yeah . smell like ... roadkill . farraday if it 's a bunch of dead body , I be totally gonna shit my calvin klein . davey redirect the flashlight toward the room revealing -- the place be a mess . a overturn chair in the live room ; two open trash bag in the kitchen , fly swarm -- a cat eat among the refuse ; mail and other debris on the floor throughout . it look like some shit go down ! davey still think I be crazy ? brrring -- the home telephone ring , scare the hell out of the boy . farraday goddamit ! eat farraday , check you calvin . as the phone continue to ring , davey push ahead , move through the dark , nervous as hell , the boy huddle behind he . step by painstake step ... davey aim the flashlight into the kitchen . davey Woody , try the kitchen light . it 's around the corner . woody I !? why I !? davey just do it ! I will shine the light . Woody falter , but force himself toward the now- illuminate kitchen doorway , round it -- and bump into someone stand there holding a knife ! Woody fall backward onto the floor -- woody ahhhh ! all our guy ahhhhhhh ! 54 . the figure flip on the kitchen light revealing -- it’s nikki . and it 's not a knife she 's get , it 's a screwdriver . thank Christ ... eat what the fuck , fucker ! nearly have a goddamn heart attack . nikki you guy scared the shit outta I ! woody we scared you !? davey what be you even do here ? with the light off ? nikki a fuse blow while I be vacuume this mess . stupid cat . farraday why be you clean up after the hoffman 's cat ? and where be the hoffman ? nikki they be at the lakehouse for the summer . they pay I to make sure barnaby and trixy do not die . easy money . usually ... the guy share a look of relief tinged with disappointment . nikki wanna explain what the hell you guy be do in here ? davey sammy 's be miss so we think maybe ... the hoffman be dead . nikki and that it might have be Mackey ...? seriously ...? nikki chuckle . davey look away , embarrassed . eat you tell she ? okay , what be go on with you two ? you hookin up ? 55 . davey give he a pierce , horrify look . but nikki smile , totally see what 's go on . she switch on the sexy . nikki let 's just say he 's more of a man than you jerkoff . she wink at davey and head off into the kitchen . davey 's eye could not be wider . he 's in shock . the other guy laugh and holler , proudly clap he on the back . eat Holy fuck shit . you be my God . just inside the kitchen , nikki smile wide , hearing it all ... int . davey 's house - davey 's room - day davey crash into he room with a basket full of clothes -- sheila ( 0.s. ) and do not forget to clean you room ! I mean it -- davey I know , mom. God ... knock a framed photo off of he nightstand . pick it up -- it 's a photo of davey ( 10 ) with he younger mom and dad . he place it back on the nightstand as he dump the clothes onto he bed . look around the room at the mess . ugh ... he open he disaster of a closet , jam more junk inside . as he 's about to close it , he eye fall on -- two worn gamble g.i. joe walkie -talkies atop a crate of old toy . davey 's wheel start spin . he grab he regular starcode walkie -- davey ( into walkie ) guy , what time be we play manhunt tonight ? I have get a idea ... ext . mackey 's yard - night dress in black , the guy sprint through backyard , under porch , over driveway , converge in the bush along Mackey 's house . they be all out of breath , but exhilated . davey arright , here 's the plan -- davey pull out the pair of old school g.i. Joe walky . 56 . farraday Holy shit , you still have that ? davey while you guy be spying , I be gonna plant one of this outside Mackey 's window . use the other one to listen . farraday audio surveillance . smart . woody let 's just not get catch , okay ? davey Mackey spot you , act like it 's part of the game . we probably get five minute till that little shit be up we ass with flashlight , so let 's be quick . farraday , Woody , you guy take ground level . I and eat be up top . operation manhunt start now . they break . eat follow farraday . Woody follow davey ... -- farraday run into the bush along the driveway . his head pop up to look into the kitchen window as -- -- eat climb a tree to get eye on the upstair bathroom . look down at farraday . thumb up . then flip he off . -- Woody sneak along the house to the dine room window . where davey see the miss boy week ago . look up at -- -- davey scale the tree at the front corner of the house , over the driveway . find a view into mackey' bedroom . gazing into the window , davey make sure Mackey 's not there . whip out the g.i . Joe walkie , some duct tape . wrap the tape around the walkie so that the transmit button be permanently pressed down ( i.e. always listening ) . davey slide himself out along a thick branch that reach toward the bedroom window . manage to place it on the windowsill just outside the bedroom . click it on -- tommy ( o.s. ) found ya , ya big , bearded ball sack ! a bright light suddenly nail Woody below . he hold a hand to he eye , look into tommy warrens 's ( 9 ) flashlight . woody fuck off , Tommy ! we get time out ! 57 . tommy no , ya do not -- I catch you ! woody want I to beat the shit outta ya ? cuz I will , ya little -- ahhh ! Tommy run off into the night , terrify . just then -- eat ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) I get eye on he ! in the tree around the house , eat hug the branch to hide as through the window , he see -- mackey , yellow rubber glove on both hand . he gather cleaning supplies into a bucket . he seem perturb . eat ( into walkie ) he 's wear rubber glove ! and he 's get a bucket of clean shit . davey ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) like , stuff to clean up blood ? Mackey head out of the bathroom with he clean kit . eat ( into walkie ) guy , I lose he . he 's on the move . in the bushes below , farraday see Mackey enter the kitchen . farraday ( into walkie ) get he ! he just come downstairs . davey ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) what 's in the bucket ? farraday ( into walkie ) look like bleach . and a scrubbing brush . can not tell what the rest be . what the ...? farraday spot a red stain on Mackey 's shirt -- farraday ( into walkie ) blood ! he 's get blood on he ! davey ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) Holy crap -- be you sure ? farraday ( into walkie ) well , maybe it 's paint ? I do not know . it 's on he shirt -- oh shit ! 58 . farraday drop into the bush as mackey walk right past the window . when farraday sneak a peek again ... mackey 's gone -- on the driveway side , Mackey come into Woody 's view -- woody ( into walkie ) I get he ! Woody watch , face as close to the glass as he can get without fogging it up as Mackey pause at the basement door . check he bucket . piss , he rush down the step ... woody ( into walkie ) he go into the basement ! Woody bolt to the nearest basement window . crouches down to look in but it 's blacked out . painted on the inside . he rush to the next window . same . next window ... same . shit . woody ( into walkie ) Mackey 's m.i.a . all he basement window be paint over . davey drop to the ground , look up at the bedroom window . the walkie be hidden by the sill except the tip of the antenna . no way you have see it . unless you be look for it . satisfied , davey sneak up to the nearest window . raise himself up to look inside just as -- mackey pop into the window ! slide it open to get fresh air , not notice davey , until -- davey panic ! scream , sprint away , Woody right behind he ! from the far side of the house , eat and farraday sprint out from the shadow follow davey and Woody . Mackey stare out at they , concerned ... int . davey 's house - davey 's room - night in bed but wide awake , davey have the other g.i. joe walkie on he chest . he shake it a few time , but nothing change . total radio silence . he grab he binocular , look out at -- binoculars Pov : Mackey 's house . the tree beside it block davey 's view of the g.i . Joe walkie on the bedroom windowsill . damn . davey the g.i. Joe walkie 's not work . 59 . he look back at Woody who 's loung on the floor in he sleep bag , read a comic by flashlight . woody do ya test they first ? davey yeah , the battery be brand new . woody no , the distance . remember ? that thing be junk , that 's why we upgrade . they could not transmit far . davey shit -- I forget . Woody hop up onto davey 's bed , grab the binocular and gaze out toward Mackey 's house . woody so what be ya gonna do ? just say frig it and leave it up there ? davey no way . who know what we could find out . I gotta make it work . ext . juniper STREET - cul - do - sac - morning davey wheel down the sidewalk on he bike , chuck newspaper onto porch . as he reach Mackey 's driveway , he slow to a stop . wait -- no movement inside the house . Coast seemingly clear , davey drop he bike and newspaper bag , hurry up the driveway ... at the side of the house , he reach down and switch on the g.i. joe walkie clipped to he belt . nothing transmitting . he go to the tree below the window , get ready to climb up when he look in the backyard and see -- mackey , cover in sweat , dump a big bag of dirt over a human - size mound in the garden . davey freeze in disbelief as mackey look up , spot he -- mackey yo , davey ! davey strain to keep himself from bolt as Mackey clap dirt off he hand , walk up to the fence . leans on it . 60 . mackey hey , bud -- gotta tell ya , you scared the shit outta I last night . have no idea you be in my bush . great hide spot . davey yeah . you yard 's full of they . mackey guess you do not see I come either , huh ? one hell of a scream . Mackey laugh . davey fake it . fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck ... mackey so what 's up ? oh -- lemme guess , I owe you money ? davey uh , yeah . mackey right . this time I be ready for ya . he pull a $ 5 bill from he wallet . hold it out to davey . davey reluctantly walk toward he . as he near the house -- screech ! a high - pitched shriek fill the air -- walkie - talkie feedback ! horrify , davey scramble to turn off the scream walkie on he belt . find the power switch . flick it off . immediately , the feedback stop . davey sorry . must have leave it on . from the game last night . mackey mind if I have a look at it ? davey cautiously hand the walkie over . Mackey give it a quick once over . hand it back . mackey you know , if you ever want some real walky , I have a few retire one from the force just collect dust inside . why do not ya come in and I will show ya . they pick up everything -- davey I can not . right now . gotta get back to my route . but thanks for the payment . 61 . davey swipe the $ 5 bill from Mackey 's hand . hurries back to he bike . as he load up and pedal off , he look back . Mackey have not move . give davey a parting wave . int . davey 's house - davey 's room - night davey try to read he hardy boy book , but it 's impossible . he grab the g.i. joe walkie , pace with it , glaring at the object that nearly get he catch . unable to resist the urge anymore , he grab he binocular -- binoculars Pov : Mackey 's house . the tree outside Mackey 's bedroom window be still block the view of the sill . davey pan across the house . finally land on -- mackey ! staring back through binoculars of he own from a different window ! davey dive out of sight , heart in he throat , shaking -- davey shitshitshitshit ... cautiously , he pick up the binocular again , kneel at the window . gather he courage , he look out to find -- binoculars Pov : mackey 's gone ! and then davey see it -- on the inside sill of the window where mackey just stood ... the other g.i. joe walkie , still wrapped in duct tape ! he know ! davey lower the binocular , hand shaking , face freeze in horror -- deep breath ... deep breath ... what the fuck do I do !? davey pace . grab he walkie -- davey ( into walkie ) guy ! guy ! you copy ? .... come in ! ( radio silence ) I be freaking out ! Woody , you there !? Dead air . davey chuck the walkie onto he bed . his eye canvas the room with purpose , landing on -- the louisville slugger baseball bat lean in the corner . he grab it . pull a chair to the window . loops the binocular around he neck and prop himself up on he elbow to keep a overnight watch on Mackey 's house . eye wide , vigilant -- int . davey 's house - davey 's room - morning blink ... blink ... davey wake . still in the chair , still hold the baseball bat . realize it 's morning . jolt up . wipe he eye quickly , scan the room . he 's alive . 62 . purpose in he eye , he check he watch : 9:33 be . bolt to he nightstand , grab he walkie . pull he notebook out of the top drawer . flip through page until he land on -- '' mackey '’s DAILY schedule '' eye pour over the detail , davey hone in on one line -- '' 11 pm : goe for a jog . '' davey ( into walkie ) guy , we gotta talk . treehouse in twenty . ext . downtown ipswich - night mackey . dress in Larry Bird short -short , high sock , sweatshirt and headband . jogging , breathe hard . his face come in and out of shadow as streetlight pass by above . he 's all alone , king of the abandon late night street . davey ( v.0 . ) the friggin walkie be sit in he window . he want I to see it . farraday ( v.o. ) oh my god . he 's onto we . I should have listen to my parent . eat ( v.o. ) you parent ? who listen to they parent ? davey ( v.0 . ) there 's no way he know why we be spying on he , but even if he do , he 's not onto you , he 's onto I . which be why I need you guy now more than ever . as Mackey keep jogging , in the distance behind he , two figure on bmx bike pop out from behind bush . follow safely behind Mackey , stick to the shadow . davey ( v.0 . ) Mackey go for a jog every night at eleven . farraday and Woody , you be gonna follow he tonight . farraday and Woody duck behind tree and lamppost for cover . keeping as quiet as possible as they track they quarry ... farraday ( v.o. ) where be you and eat gonna be ? 63 . int . treehouse - earlier that afternoon the guy be all in front of the whiteboard . a military strategy session lead by -- davey yesterday on my route , I see Mackey dump dirt over something in he garden . something the size of a body . woody I do not like where this be go ... ext . mackey 's house - backyard - night davey and eat rush up the driveway dress in all black . shovel in hand . barely visible under the moonlight . davey ( v.0 . ) while you two follow Mackey , we be gonna tear up he garden . see if we can find that body . or body ... they toss the shovel over the fence , vault it . Red rover , red rover ... eat ( v.o. ) what if Mackey catch we ? davey ( v.0 . ) not gonna happen . if he start head back , Woody and farraday will radio to let we know . davey plant a handheld cb radio in the dirt . turn it on , keep the volume low . he and eat dig in with the shovel ... int . treehouse - earlier that afternoon the guy seem a little hesitant . farraday okay , but what about the garden ? he 's gonna notice it 's all dig up . davey raccoon . just like with the garbage in the street . they be try to get food . what 's in a garden ? woody food ! eat punch he shoulder . idiot. 64 . davey we just wait for he to leave . stay in touch with we cbs the whole time . it 's foolproof . let 's pin the tail on this donkey . off davey 's grin , we -- ext . self -storage facility - outskirt of ipswich - night pant , the sweat - stain Mackey run up to you typical outdoor self - storage facility . row and row of unit . he take a key out of he sock , open the wide metal roll - up door . enter and lower the door almost to the ground ... from around the corner , farraday and Woody watch on , they bike on the ground . but from they perspective , they can not see inside the storage unit . farraday we have gotta get closer . woody how the hell be we gonna do that without he see we ? Woody turn back to find farraday be already gone ! woody farraday ! goddammit ... sneaking along the unit , Woody catch up to farraday who 's move as silently and quickly as possible . they finally get to the edge of Mackey 's unit , heart pound . farraday look at Woody . put a finger to he lip : do not make a sound ! Woody snarl back : no shit ! farraday point to Woody 's eye , then around the corner : take a look . Woody angrily mouth , why I ? farraday : do it ! annoy and terrify , Woody lean down , peek inside the unit . he can only see along the ground . the roll up gate be block everything higher than a foot tall . on the floor of the unit be a shitload of bag of soil , four or five shovel , the pickax , and a stack of large , stripe bag label '' naoh . '' woody ( to himself ) '' noah " ...? 65 . next to the bag be a car , only its tire visible -- screech ! mackey pull up the unit door -- the guy jump back into the shadow as Mackey hop into he yellow volkswagen bug . the car engine putter to a start ... Mackey pull the car out of the unit . hop back out , singing : mackey '' every step you take ... every move you make ... '' Mackey close the unit door after he . lock it ... mackey '' every word you say ... every game you play , I will be watch you ... '' jump back into he vw bug and zip away ... woody be he talk to we ? farraday what ? no dude , that be the Police . woody you hear the police !? farraday I pray for you sometimes ... farraday and Woody sprint back to they bike . as they race away , farraday yell into he handheld cb radio -- farraday ( into cb radio ) guy , Mackey just get into a yellow volkswagen bug . we lose he . ext . mackey 's backyard - garden - continuous on davey 's cb radio , partially cover in dirt , volume still low . farraday 's word be barely audible . farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over cb radio ) I repeat , we lose he . do you copy ? ten feet away , the oblivious davey and eat be still excavate , soak in sweat . eat this be a lose cause . there 's nothing here . 66 . davey we be just not digging deep enough . they heavy breathe fill the air ... eat you know Mackey have a shed back here ? davey turn . sure enough , deep in Mackey 's backyard , naturally camouflage by tree , be a utility shed . ext . mackey 's backyard - utility shed - moment later davey and eat peek inside the window with bulky durabeam flashlight , but the glare on the glass be blind . davey can not see anything . on the shed door be a padlock . davey jiggle it . it 's locked . eat I get this ... eat reach into he pocket . pull out a keychain . on it be a paperclip . he unbend the paperclip , stick it into the padlock . Works it around skillfully for a moment -- click -- the padlock release . eat nod arrogantly . davey how the hell have you do that ? eat I be just good at work the hole . eat remove the lock . open the door . davey dude , I be serious . eat honestly , just jiggle it a bunch , work it around and it 'il pop open most of the time . wick easy . int . utility shed - continuous the guy check every nook and cranny with they durabeam : tool , a lawn mower , a work bench ... usual shed stuff . eat well this whole night 's be a waste of time . 67 . but something catch davey 's eye . in the corner . he shine he light on it ... and he eye go wide ! davey until now . davey reach out , grab a shredd GREEN tee shirt that 's fall underneath a workbench . recognize the logo on it ? eat it 's a shitty atari shirt , so what ? davey so , this be dusty dewitt 's shirt ! eat who ...? .... oh , the ginger . davey look over the shirt , see -- davey this be blood ! eat fuck , dude . heinous -- male voice ( 0.s. ) hey , what be you do in here !? davey and eat nearly shit themselves as they spin to find -- farraday and woody , laugh they ball off . eat you two get a death wish !? farraday we ? what about you ? we have be try to call you on the cb for like twenty minute . davey oh shit , we leave it by the garden . woody Mackey have a storage unit outside town . and he keep a vw bug in it . he drive off and we lose he -- farraday we have no clue where he 's go . 68 . davey then we better get the hell outta here . check out what we find ... as davey show the guy the bloody atari shirt , we -- int . farraday 's house - a short time later eat pick through farraday 's refrigerator while the other guy chow down on pb&j sandwich . woody why 's he get all that bag of dirt in the storage unit ? farraday plus shovel and a pickax ...? davey same reason he 's get dusty dewitt 's shirt . he kill he and bury the body somewhere . davey toss the bloody , shred shirt onto the counter . farraday dude ...! my mom make my mac not cheese right there ... farraday grab a pair of tong out of a drawer , pick up the nasty shirt and rest it atop the trash . woody he also have a bunch of bag of ... something . they have chemical warning sign on they , look hazardous as hell . '' noah , '' that 's what it say . eat '' noah '' ? what the hell 's that ? woody how the hell should I know ? but it be spell kinda weird . Woody grab a notepad and a pen . jot down a few chemical symbol and write '' noah . " slide it over to farraday -- farraday classic Woody . this look right ? farraday cross out '' noah . '' write down , '' naoh . '' 69 . woody yeah . same thing . farraday no , what you write mean nothing . what I write be the chemical formula for sodium hydroxide . eat congrat , Woody -- you be retarded . woody shove it , eat . davey what the hell 's sodium hydroxide ? farraday I know it be not useful in gardening . pretty sure it have be toxic to plant . davey hurry to the bookcase full of encyclopedia britannicas and scan they . find volume '' q- T . '' pull it out , flip through rapidly -- in the book , davey 's finger trace down the page landing on '' sodium hydroxide . " his eye grow wider . davey Holy shit , you guy ! as the guy gather around davey , he read aloud : davey '' sodium hydroxide break down the chemical bond that keep flesh intact , turn organic tissue to liquid . it 's frequently use to decompose roadkill dumped in landfill , as it prevent the growth of microorganisms , therefore neutralize and immobilize acidic component form in the decomposition process . this will reduce the odor of decomposition . '' eat , farraday and Woody listen in stunne silence . davey this sicko 's use this stuff to cover up the smell from the dead body he 's dump someplace ! '' Holy shit " look all around . 70 . davey get good news for ya , Woody . it 's time to tell my parent . int . davey 's house - live room - day out of breath , davey and the guy unload on davey 's visibly distraught parent . dusty dewitt 's freeze face stare back at they from the empty milk carton that sit atop the coffee table beside the shred bloodstained atari tee shirt . davey Mackey 's the cape Ann killer ! sheila David Aaron armstrong ! lower you voice . people outside might hear . randall Mackey 's a cop for chrissake ! he 's also be we neighbor since before you be bear -- davey every serial killer be somebody 's neighbor , dad -- randall regardless , a milk carton , a tee shirt and a storage unit do not prove a goddamn thing ! sheila how could you all go along with this ? eat we do not want to , trust I . farraday we would not have if it do not make so much sense . woody after we follow he to that storage unit and see -- sheila Jesus , you have be spying on he !? davey we have to ! and the more we watch , the more the detail stack up . he go jogging at eleven at night . he busy ton of dirt every week . ( more ) 71 . davey ( cont 'd ) he keep a spare car in a storage unit . why would he do that ? there be nothing in he garden when we dig it up , but I be positive that if -- randall you dig up he -- goddammit , davey ! randall can not sit anymore . he get up and pace . nervous . randall you be in deep , deep trouble ! all of you ! vandalism , spying , steal -- this be unacceptable ! davey we be try to save people . randall worry about yourselves ! we be go over there right now and you be go to apologize for all of this . randall grab the milk carton . Rams it against davey 's chest . randall I be put a end to this nonsense right now . you better hope he do not press charge . ext . juniper STREET - cul -de - sac - day randall march across the cul - de-sac , the boy follow like dead man walk . whispering to each other . eat fuck , davey ! you know how much shit we be all gonna be in now ? farraday what be we even gonna say to he ? woody he 's probably gonna kill we -- davey shut up ! davey inconspicuously tuck the bloody shirt into he back pocket as they reach -- 72 . ext . mackey 's house - front door - continuous randall ring the bell . the guy all cower behind he as the door open . Mackey freeze . mackey randall . guy . what 's up ? randall hey , Wayne -- uh , listen , the boy have something they need to tell you , and I wanna apologize in advance . just know that Sheila and I be as outrage as you be about to be ... mackey Jesus ... well I be sure whatever it be , we can make thing right . randall and Mackey look back at davey , wait . davey sweat under the pressure of be this close to Mackey . he can not find the word . randall nudge he . davey uh , hey , Mr. Mackey -- we just want to say we be sorry . we be the one who rip up you garden . and you garbage . mackey oh man , I just assume it be raccoon . why have you do that ? davey hand Mackey the milk carton . Mackey look at it , confuse . randall shake he head , embarrassed . davey a few week ago , I think I see that boy in you house . we be play manhunt and I be hide in you bush and ... randall and ...? come on , out with it . davey look to he buddy for support , but they look suggest he 's on he own . you get we into this ... davey I have this idea that you be , maybe ... the cape Ann killer . Mackey stare at he a long , tense moment . the guy all ready to run like hell . but then ... Mackey laugh . 73 . mackey the guy at the station be gonna roar when they hear this ! randall smile , relieved . the guy all chuckle a bit , uncomfortable and unsure where this be go . even davey give a embarrassed smile , though it do not reach he eye . davey so , who be the kid that be here ? mackey that be my nephew , Jamie . he be help I renovate my darkroom . davey think ya do not have family nearby ? and we find this in you shed -- davey hand the atari shirt from he back pocket to Mackey -- randall David !? mackey you break into my shed , too ? randall 's blood boil , utterly embarrassed , as Mackey inspect the shirt . see the blood immediately . randall Wayne , I be so sorry . you do not need to respond to that -- mackey it 's fine . we be hammer nail all day . he must have cut himself . look , I can call he right now . come on in , let 's just settle this -- randall no , no . that 's not necessary . we just want you to know what happen and that the guy promise to fix anything they damage , no matter how long it take . right ? the guy yes , sir . mackey well , I appreciate the apology . no hard feeling , honestly . ( more ) mackey ( cont 'd ) I remember be a boy in the summer . hard to turn down a adventure . randall you be a better man than I , Wayne . 74 . randall grab davey and pull he away . the guy follow ... ext . davey 's house - front porch - continuous the guy try to avoid randall 's seethe gaze as he open the front door ... randall tell you friend goodbye , then get in you room and do not come out . the rest of you , go home . we 'il be call you parent . and head inside -- wham ! -- slam the door . eat well , that be a fuck disaster . davey this do not change anything . farraday seriously ? davey , come on . I mean , be it possible he 's the killer ? maybe . but odd be still that it 's not he . eat you summer 's fuck , but we may get outta this with just garden duty . I be not risk what little of the good life I get leave ... woody spy on he be cool , but let 's just move on already . davey you guy , we just need a couple more piece of real evidence -- eat give it up , dude ! I be outta here . call I when you get a life ... eat cross to he own yard without look back . davey look imploringly at farraday . 75 . farraday I want to believe it too . but what 's more likely ? that we get catch up in the moment , or that a cop we have know all we life be a serial killer ? farraday clap davey on the shoulder , head home . woody sorry , davey . i’11 radio you tonight . Woody walk off , leave davey alone on the porch . davey glare across the street to Mackey 's , enraged . int . davey 's house - davey 's room - night a paperclip jiggle in the keyhole of a padlock . davey bite he lip in concentration . nothing . jiggles some more . then -- click ! the lock open . davey smile as -- davey Holy shit , it work ... brrring ! the house phone ring . davey bolt off he bed , run into the hallway and answer -- davey hello ...? nikki ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) can you come over ? int . nikki 's house - nikki 's bedroom - night davey look around , enthralled . he 's in a girl 's bedroom ! and not just any girl 's room -- nikki fuckin kaszuba ’s! half-packed cardboard box fill the room . it 's a mess . nikki sit on the bed in the eye of the storm as davey take it in . nikki do I get you in trouble for call so late ? I be hope you mom would not pick up . davey Nah , they be downtown at a meeting about how to handle the block party situation . look like you be the one who could use some help , though . nikki hand he something -- 76 . nikki hey , check out what I find ... hand he a worn photo of the two of they together , back when she have brace and he be still in grade school . nikki it 's come with I . davey to uconn ? really ? nikki yeah ... it 's go up on my wall . davey swell with pride as a overwhelm nikki drink in she barely - recognizable room ... nikki God , feel like I be pack up my whole life . I do not think I have miss this place , but now ... I can not deal . out of he depth , davey sink down to the bed beside she . davey seriously ? be not you the one who say this town 's lame ? nikki I do not know what I feel anymore . everyone keep talk to I like I be already go and it 's wigging I out . davey it 's probably just cuz everyone 's gonna miss you . I know I will . nikki wish my parent feel that way . they be so wrap up in the divorce , they do not even care that I be gonna be go . I just feel so ... alone . davey you be not alone . he put a supportive hand on she arm . there 's a smooth confidence to he that 's charming . nikki can not help smile . nikki you be sweet . hope the student at uconn like I half as much as you . 77 . davey they will . you be destine for way more than live in this stupid neighborhood forever . I would give anything to get outta here with you . nikki read davey 's conflict face like a National Enquirer . nikki okay , spill . ( davey feign ignorance ) I remember that look . use to see it all the time . you be in trouble , huh ? davey consider ... finally come out with it -- davey I be ground , big time . my parent be piss . my dad make I admit the whole thing to Mackey -- nikki what !? no he do not ! davey the guy bail on I . worst part be I know I be right about he . just do not know what else I can do . nikki take he hand . he meet she concerned gaze . nikki let it go . you only get the chance to be a kid once . enjoy you life while you can . trust I . davey if I be right , who 's gonna stop he ? int . davey 's house - day on the front door -- knock ! knock ! we hear footstep descending the stair , revealing -- davey . he fix he hair in the mirror beside the door , clearly hope it 's nikki . he open the door to find -- mackey . in he police uniform . oh shit ! davey immediately stand straighter . glance at the gun in Mackey 's holster . mackey hey , davey . what 's goin on ? davey just his choice 78 . davey what be you do here ? mackey I want to make sure we be good . I feel pretty bad about everything that happen yesterday . stare back at he , unsettle . mackey mind if I come in for a second so we can talk ? davey now 's not a good time . mackey cool . I get that ... you know we have get everyone out look for this sicko , right ? davey then why have not you find he yet ? mackey this thing take time . sometimes year . if ya want , I can stop by and give you update . davey you do not have to do that . I see the paper before anyone , remember ? mackey you sure ? it have be my pleasure . I know this stuff interest you . davey be there anything else , Mr. Mackey ? mackey wow , you really do not like I , huh ? that really bum I out , davey . last thing I want be for there to be bad blood between we . of word sober davey . he pause ... soften ... davey yeah , I too . it 's just my summer 's basically destroy now because of the whole garden thing . pretty sure my parent hate I . 79 . mackey want I to talk to they ? see if I can lighten the sentence ? happy to . davey it 's all right . thanks though . mackey I just keep wonder what I do that make you so suspicious of I ... davey I dunno . my dad say I read too many mystery . with the killer on the loose , I just get catch up in it . mackey hey , I get it . that 's why I become a cop . it 's exciting what 's go on , and you wanna help . that 's awesome . i’1l admit , the stuff you think be proof look pretty bad out of context . you have get the brain for this kinda work . davey smile . finally let down he guard . mackey anything I can do to smooth thing over once and for all ? davey yesterday you offer to call you nephew . wanna maybe call he now ? mackey yeah , absolutely . kinda gotta come in to do that though . davey actually , we cord 's wick long . wait here a sec -- davey hurry off into the -- kitchen . back against the cupboard , davey 's freaking the fuck out . he slowly sneak a peek around the corner to find -- Mackey 's take one step into the house . stand there look as awkward as anyone would in this scenario . davey lean back into the kitchen . take a few deep breaths . spot the woodblock full of knive . 80 . pluck out the butcher knife and slide it carefully down the back of he pants . pick the kitchen phone off the jack , head back into the -- live room . hand Mackey the phone , cord dangle off into the kitchen . Mackey point into the live room . mackey place look great . have not be here since -- man , you be probably a toddler . I help you dad haul a bunch of stuff into you attic . davey weird how time change , huh ? Mackey dial . put the phone to he ear -- mackey my sister life in New Hampshire . ( check he watch ) hmm , they might not be home . Jamie 's big into baseball . usually have practice around now , I think . he listen for a few more moment . shake he head . hold out the phone so davey can hear the ringing . mackey I can come back if you want ? try he again later ...? davey no , it 's fine -- I be sorry for be such a idiot . I promise we will fix you garden even better than it be . Mackey hand the phone back . offer he hand to davey . mackey no hard feeling ? davey 's hand tremble slightly as he take it . mackey sorry again you be ground . i’1l see what I can do about get you out of the house , all right ? Mackey head off down davey 's driveway and davey shut the door behind he . lock it . peek out to make sure Mackey 's leave . bolt -- 81 . back into the kitchen . rushes to the whiteboard on the fridge . grab the marker and dial '' 0 '' on the phone . operator ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) Operator . how may I direct you call ? davey ( into phone ) can you tell I the last number dial from my house ? operator ( 0.s. ) ( over phone ) the last number dial from that residence be 508-356-0742 . davey write the number on the whiteboard . hang up , eye wide . he quickly scan the list of emergency number beside the whiteboard , find what he 's look for -- it's mackey' phone number ! int . davey 's house - davey 's room - later the guy be all here . davey look between they for some kind of reaction , other than disinterest . davey how be you not freaking out right now !? he call himself ! there be no Jamie ! he try to throw I off and I catch he . this prove he 's guilty ! we gotta get into that house to find out what 's in that basement -- farraday be you crazy ? look how much trouble you be in just for digging up he garden -- sheila ( 0.s. ) davey ! get down here ! davey shit . wait here . do not make a sound . he grab he walkie . clip it to he belt . davey if I think my mom know you be up here , I 'il radio so you can climb out the window . 82. int . davey 's house - live room - continuous davey jump down the stair to find he mother Sheila stand before the television once more . sheila I want you to see this . on the tv be a live PRESS conference . sheriff caldwell be at a podium fill with microphone . sheriff caldwell ( from tv ) -- happy to report that we have the cape Ann killer in custody . a mugshot of a average white guy ( 40s ) pop onto the screen . beneath the photo : '' jame vigneron - ' the cape ann killer 's '' . davey 's jaw drop in disbelief as the phone ring . Sheila go to answer it in the kitchen as davey subtly reach for he walkie . hold down the transmit button -- insert the three guy be mid whisper argument when the walkie in Woody 's hand suddenly come to life . they shut up -- sheriff caldwell ( 0.s. ) ( over walkie ) thanks to the fine effort of the ipswich Police Department , we apprehend Mr. vigneron earlier today . I have like to bring up the arrest officer , Wayne Mackey . eat Holy fuck shit ! back to scene davey watch on in stunne silence as Sheila talk on the phone , hide from view in the kitchen . mackey ( from tv ) sheila ( 0.s. ) I know this have be a try no , I think it 's perfect ! time for we community . but +... in poor taste ? no , this we hope this announcement be just what everyone need will bring peace to that who to help lift they spirit . have be live in fear . +... ok , be there in a few . Mackey look at the camera , as though see davey through the airwave . davey stare back , unflinch . mackey ( from tv ) justice will be serve . thank you . 83. Mackey wave and step down as the crowd applaud and Sheila return to stand at davey 's side . sheila the block party 's back on . and all because of Mr. Mackey . while the rest of we be celebrate , I want you to think about you action . because it turn out the man across the street be not a killer , David , he 's a hero . ext . davey 's house - davey 's room - continuous a frustrated davey stand before he incredulous buddy . davey he 's not a hero ! do you guy not just hear that broadcast ? now we know he 's guilty ! eat be you retarded ? he catch the killer ! it can not be he ! davey do not you think it 's a little coincidental that the guy we just accuse of be the killer just so happen to then catch the killer ? farraday , you say it yourself -- cape Ann 's wick big , right ? farraday shrug : yeah , I guess ... davey this be exactly what we talk about -- he 's a cop , it 's the perfect cover . he can plant evidence to make someone else look guilty ! if Mackey 's get this body , all he have have to do be plant one in someone 's yard . boom -- they have get a suspect . eat dude , you just sound desperate now . just admit you be wrong and -- davey I be not wrong ! I know there 's something behind that lock door ! we have to find out what before some innocent guy take the rap for Mackey and more people die ! 84 . farraday even if you get in , how be you gonna get any evidence out ? can not just drag a body out of a basement . davey I do not have to . I be gonna use my dad 's camcorder , film it all . no need to steal evidence if I get it on tape . tape do not lie . davey can see clearly the doubt etched on they face . davey I just need you guy to keep watch , and make sure Mackey do not come home while I be in there . eat no , I be do with this shit . you be gonna get catch , either by Mackey or you dad -- davey everyone 's gonna be at the block party . all I need you to do be set up at the bus shelter down the street . bring booze and porno , whatever . just radio I if Mackey 's car come up . and farraday -- farraday you know my parent make I go to the block party every year -- davey I be count on it . you can keep eye on Mackey there . he leave early , you give I the head - up . we ’1ll have multiple layer of protection . no way we get catch . woody '' we '' ? davey you be come with I . i’11l owe you . the guy consider for a few moment . then , finally -- woody if it mean we be gonna finish this ... I guess I be in . 85 . farraday yeah ... I too . one last shot . eat whatever , fine . but if anyone ask , I be pin the whole thing on you . davey smile . davey Mackey 's crazy if he think he can do this shit on we block and get away with it . time to make he pay . ext . juniper STREET - cul -de - sac - dusk in the fade light , neighborhood family walk together toward the distant din of the downtown summer block party . among they , farraday stroll with he parent , handheld cb radio clipped to he pants . he look back at -- int . davey 's house - entryway - continuous look totally bum out , davey 's slump in a chair by the tv as he parent open the front door to leave . davey this be so not fair ! randall David , a punishment 's a punishment . if you really give a damn about go to the block party , you would not have act like a lunatic all summer -- davey just lemme go and I x11 be ground again after -- randall not happen ! end of story ! randall head out with Sheila . once the door be shut -- davey 's all business . he sprint up to he room , over to the picture window . watch the beehive of activity as he parent join the other neighbor head to the block party . from he driveway , Mackey pull out in he squad car . give a friendly bwoop - bwoop and flash the light for the cheering neighbor as he ride past ... davey grab the handheld cb radio off the shelf -- 86 . davey ( into cb ) guy , it 's '' go '' time ! ext . downtown ipswich - MAIN strip - dusk a banner hang over the quaint downtown -- '' 75th annual ipswich summer block party . '' below the banner , a bustling crowd enjoy fry dough , strawberry shortcake and beer as a beatle cover band play '' maxwell silver hammer '' from a makeshift stage . in the crowd , farraday hang back from he parent , eye on -- mackey , dress in he police uniform . he 's beside a few other officer , laugh , greeting the swarm citizen who thank he for catch the killer . a bonafide local hero . farraday pull out he cb radio -- farraday ( into cb ) get eye on Mackey . you guy be good to go . over ... davey ( 0.s. ) ( over cb ) Roger that . we be move . int . eat 's house - live room - continuous loung on he couch , eat watch wheel of fortune with Kyle as on tv , PAT sajak describe the usual prize package -- crash ! Glass shatter against a wall in another room -- male voice ( 0.s. ) you goddamn bitch ! female voice ( 0.s. ) fuck you , Mark -- asshole ! male voice ( 0.s. ) Janice ! hey ! I be talk to you ! from the kitchen , they mother , janice ( 40s ) , dart into the live room , seethe hatred on she face . she grab she car key off the coffee table -- eat watch on , clearly upset . Kyle on the other hand keep watch tv , like he 's see this a million time . Janice head for the front door , exit , as they father , MARK ( 40s ) , bolt out after she -- 87 . MARK where the hell you think you be go ? Janice ! get back here -- wham ! the front door slam after they , Pat sajak 's nasally voice fill the uncomfortable silence . PAT sajak ( from tv ) R , S , T , L , N , E -- davey ( 0.s. ) ( over cb ) eat ! eat ! you in position ? eat grab he handheld cb off the couch beside he -- kyle shut the fuck up . wheel be on . eat sullenly hop off the couch , grab he backpack and head out the back door . eat ( into cb ) hey dickhole , chill . I be go now . ext . juniper STREET - cul -de - sac - night under cover of dark , davey and Woody hurry to randall 's news van . davey open the trunk , pull out the betamax camcorder --— davey hold this . he hand the camcorder to Woody , grab a battery pack , a extra tape . stuff they in he backpack . and they bolt toward Mackey 's house , into he sideyard ... unknown Pov : from across the street , we watch davey and Woody race around the side of Mackey 's house toward -- ext . mackey 's house - backyard - moment later in the pitch black , davey hold the camcorder at he side while Woody remove a screen window . place it on the ground . woody I 'il give ya ten finger . Woody squat down , interlock he finger . davey wedge he foot in Woody 's hand for a boost up and into -- int . mackey 's house - dine room - continuous foot on the floor , davey get he bearing as Woody replace the screen window from outside . 88 . woody Kay , now let I in . davey unlock the back porch door . Woody enter , camcorder in hand . the guy check out the place . there 's a unnatural stillness to it . undeniably creepy . davey he 's definitely kill kid in here . woody why would you say that right now ? davey spot the basement door down the hall . davey cuz it 's true . unknown voice ( 0.s. ) let 's find out . ahhhhhhhhh ! davey and Woody spin to find -- nikki . stand in the back porch doorway . woody what be it with you scare we !? davey what be you do here ? nikki after everything you have tell I , I wanna see for myself . davey think you say I should let it go . nikki yeah , well , if you be right , who else be gonna stop he ? she give he a know wink . ext . downtown ipswich - MAIN strip - continuous farraday chow some fry dough beside he mom and dad who be inexplicably enthralled by the cheesy Beatles cover band as flashing light capture he attention -- nearby , a crowd have gather , block whatever they be look at from farraday 's view . the flash light be from camera as reporter capture the moment for the local papers . 89 . farraday move closer to get a better view . as he split through the crowd , he see -- mackey and five other police officer , shovel in hand , camera-ready , gather along a brand - new median strip . in the strip be beautiful flower , cover in fresh soil . a pickax lean against the centerpiece of the strip , a tree . a sign stick out of the dirt read , '' downtown beautification project - sponsored by the ipswich p.d . '' farraday nearly shit himself , face turn white as a ghost . int . mackey 's house - basement stair - continuous at the basement door , davey stare at the knob . try to build up he courage . Woody and nikki wait behind he . woody we do not have to go down there ... click -- davey turn the doorknob , slowly open the door . davey I do . Woody gulp . turn on the camcorder as davey flick the light switch . nothing happens . the stair remain pitch black . woody oh come on -- squawk ! the guy and nikki nearly jump out of they skin -- farraday ( 0.s. ) ( over cb ) davey ! davey , you copy !? realize it 's just the cb . davey ( into cb ) be he on he way back !? intercut with : ext . downtown ipswich - MAIN strip - continuous in a alley , away from the crowd , farraday spy the beautification ceremony from afar , cb to he lip . farraday ( into cb ) Way worse . you be wrong about everything . the dirt and shovel be for a project Mackey be do with the police department . ( more ) 90 . farraday ( into cb ) ( cont 'd ) they plant a shitload of flower down here . davey ( into cb ) that do not prove anything . farraday ( into cb ) listen to I -- it 's over . you have gotta learn when to walk away . School start in a week and I only make it through half of what I be suppose to . my parent be up my ass . I gotta focus . I be out , davey . davey ( into cb ) farraday , wait -- click . farraday shut off he cb , join the fun . woody maybe he 's right . maybe we should just go . this be crazy . we just break into a friggin cop 's house ! nikki we be already here . May as well take a look . if it 's not he -- davey it 's he . and we be about to find the proof . davey take he first step down into the darkness -- int . juniper STREET - school bus shelter - continuous massive cariole headphone over he ear , eat sit on the shelter bench , tear in he eye , listen to a punk song -- headlight wash over he and he perk up , freak out . wipe he tear . be it Mackey !? grab he cb radio ... but the car roll past . relief . int . mackey 's house - basement - continuous as they make they way down the basement step , scared shitless , the pitch blackness blend with a blood red glow . nikki tell I you bring a flashlight . davey the camcorder 's get a light . 91 . woody this thing have a light and you be just tell I now !? davey reach over , click the camcorder 's light switch -- its beam pierce through the crimson dark , bright , focus , but the periphery be absolute black . tunnel vision . Woody use the light to scan the area . to there left be Mackey 's dark room , red light emanate from within . to there right , a washer and dryer . every window be painted black . nikki creepiest basement ever -- whack ! Woody hit he head on a dangling lightbulb -- woody Jesus , fuck ! davey it 's just a light ! davey reach up , pull the chain -- pop ! they jump back as the bulb burn out , shatter in a blinding flash . woody I can not see ! I can not see -- davey calm down . just follow I . Woody put he hand on davey 's shoulder as they move to -- the padlocked door in the corner that capture davey 's attention from the moment he see it -- kachunk ! Woody scream , whip the camcorder around to find -- the large furnace , its metal groaning . nikki Woody ! chill out , you girl ! woody I be not build for this shit . davey move to the door . pull a paperclip out of he pocket . davey shine the light right on the lock . Woody bring the light over . davey straighten the paperclip . stick it into the keyhole . jiggles it around -- 92 . woody seriously ? do eat teach you that ? because it do not work -- click ! the padlock release . int . juniper STREET - school bus shelter - same eat have not move , still desolate , off in another world -- screech ! eat 's eye burst open -- what the fuck be that !? he rip off he headphone , look around , listen intently ... the only SOUND be the tinny music coming from he headphone . a summer breeze course through the tree , questionable sound all around . and then -- deafening silence envelop the area . until -- male voice ( 0.s. ) vagina ! ahhh ! eat jump back , petrify , to find -- farraday , laugh he ass off . eat you be such a friggin dick ! eat get up to pummel farraday . put he in a headlock as -- eat why be you even here ? you be suppose to be watch Mackey . farraday my mom and dad want to leave . I run ahead to fuck with you . I be sorry . you can go home . Whole thing 's off . eat what do you mean ? davey 's still in Mackey 's house -- mr. and mrs . farraday approach -- eh-ehm ! curtis sr . Thomas . what on Earth be you do at the school bus shelter this late ? eat release he death grip . straighten farraday 's clothes . 93 . eat oh , I be just show curtis here a few karate kid move I have be practice . Wax on , wax off ... they do not get the reference . academic type . awkward . eat hey , mind if I sleep over tonight ? my parent be fight again . francine of course . poor thing . they have no idea the damage they be do to you . curtis sr . but curtis , no fun until you read 's do . understood ? farraday nod , annoyed , as he parent head off ... farraday how bad be it this time ? eat let 's just say I do not wanna witness a murder-suicide ... eat grab the handheld cb . turn it off -- int . mackey 's house - makeshift bedroom - continuous we finally get a good look at the place as Woody move the light around . it 's a bedroom . a teenage boy 's room . Sports poster on the wall . a twin bed . vintage radio on a dresser . nikki what be this place ? davey touch the fray ear of a stuff bunny that sit in a heap of old stuff animal on a rock chair . he lift the blanket on the bed . it 's raggedy , wear . pillowcase too . woody you think he keep he victim down here or something ? davey inspect the autograph on a red sox team poster ... davey '' to Wayne . keep it up , slugger . '' 94 . he find the year on the poster -- 1956 . davey look around with new eye , realize why it all seem off . everything 's fray and yellow under a sheen of mold and dust . it 's old . davey Holy shit . this stuff 's all he . like from when he be a kid or something . nikki but Mackey do not grow up here . my dad say he 's from Maine . davey he must have bring it all here . woody you say there be gonna be proof , davey -- where be it ? as the camcorder light move around , something catch davey 's eye on the wall behind they -- davey wait , shine it back over there ! Woody retrace he path . the light fall on -- a wall of picture . they move closer to discover ... the picture be of they ! spying ! in there room , the treehouse , the tent , the bushes , go through mackey 's trash , on walkie , using binoculars ! davey this enough proof for you ? woody he be watch we the whole time !? nikki suburbia 's so fuck up . thud ! Woody whip the light around as they all look at the far corner of the room . strange noise come from behind a door they have not notice . shuffling ... muffled sound ... davey slowly approach the door , grab the knob . look back at Woody and nikki . this be it . davey make sure you be filming . Woody nod , terrify . davey yank open the door revealing -- 95 . a bathroom . Woody shine the camcorder light around at eye - level . mold stain the wall beneath peel paint . Gross . the light finally find a bathtub , its curtain close . fly buzz in the air -- davey , Woody and nikki swat at they as davey inch toward the curtain , heart pounding ... reaches out ... ga-glunk ... grab it ... then rip OPEN the curtain -- a burgundy sludge fill the tub , a couple unidentifiable bit jutting slightly out of it . woody what the heck be that ? davey grab the plunger , push it into the sludge . rotates whatever 's in there , exposing more of it . davey gimme some more light . Woody focus the camcorder 's light on the bit jutting out of the sludge , and we immediately recognize -- the partially decomposed hand and face of dusty dewitt , the missing redheaded boy !!! !!!ii!ribbrriet davey it 's fuckin dusty dewitt ! woody oh god ... oh my god ... ahhhhhh ! nikki lets out a blood - curdling scream ! Woody follow she gaze , aim the camcorder at the floor where -- a pair of hand be wrapped around nikkix ankle ! the light reveal duct - tape wrist , move up the emaciate arm to find the batter face of bobby coker ! one ankle chain to a radiator . nikki get he off I ! get he off ! davey drop to he knee , wrenching Bobby 's hand from nikki . but Bobby grab davey 's collar , yanking davey 's face just inch from he own as he scream around the gag -- bobby ( muffle ) help I !!! 96 . int . mackey 's house - live room - moment later davey and Woody burst out of the basement , hold up Bobby between they . nikki follow , camcorder on she shoulder filming it all . as they bolt through the live room -- crash ! davey knock a picture off a end table . he look down at it , face visible in the moonlight . something register ... davey stop to pick it up , realization in he eye -- Woody struggle to hold up Bobby on he own -- woody davey , let 's go ! .... davey ! in the picture , a smile blond boy ( 15 ) -- flash ! microfiche , from davey 's trip to the library . Front page of the newspaper . the same blond boy , smiling . missing . frantic , davey scan all the framed photo on the end table and hang on the wall . nikki davey , we gotta get outta here ! a photo of a fat boy ( 13 ) -- flash ! microfiche of the fat boy , missing ... a photo of a shaggy boy ( 14 ) in he class photo -- flash ! microfiche of the shaggy boy , missing ... davey this be he trophy ... a photo of a happy family ( mom , dad , twin teenaged boy ) -- flash ! microfiche of that family , murdered ... davey the people in this picture be not he family . they be he victim ... davey look across the room at all the frame . they cover a entire wall . and then he see -- a photo of davey and he family ! the one from he nightstand ! davey and I be next ... 97 . he gulp down the panic . pull the photo from the wall . show Woody and nikki -- pure horror wash over they face . match CUT to : int . ipswich police station - later a handful of cop have the same look of horror as they watch the betamax tape in stunne silence . stand among they , Brenda woodworth , in she nurse 's uniform , flanke by randall and Sheila hold she hand in support . through the conference room window , davey watch Bobby coker wrap in a blanket , he parent hold he and cry . a family reunite . because of he . as the tape end , sheriff caldwell look at davey and Woody across the table . sheriff caldwell you find all this in he house ? woody and there 's picture of dead people all over the fuckin wall ! caldwell stand , address the gather of cop . sheriff caldwell somebody get out to Mackey 's . and bring that sick son of a bitch to I . ( to the parent ) you folk mind stick around to give a report ? only take a while . randall and Sheila nod approval as the cop scatter ina rush . before head out , caldwell turn back . sheriff caldwell you two must be proud . this boy be heroes . ext . ipswich police station - a short time later stepping outside , davey take a deep breath of fresh , cool night air . he look back through the glass door to see all the parent talk with sheriff caldwell . from inside , nikki see he , break away from she parent and jog out to meet he . nikki hey . you okay ? 98 . davey be it I or do none of this feel real ? nikki you be tell I . I just see my parent hug each other for the first time in ... awhile . so yeah ... davey wow , that 's awesome . nikki not gonna get my hope up but ... that happen because of you . so thanks . davey I dunno about that . I mean -- nikki seize the moment -- and kiss he . davey 's eye go wide , then close . he 's in Heaven . like , whoa . when nikki pull away , davey 's eye stay close . nikki see ya , davey . head back inside , nikki pass davey 's parent who exit to find davey stare after she , still in a stupor . int . randall 's car - hour later the family drive in silence . exhausted from give a police report , and from the depth of depravity they be face with . davey meet randall 's gaze in the rearview mirror ... and randall dissolves to tear . Sheila lean over on randall , embrace he as he drive , tear in she eye . davey let it all wash over he -- the fear , the anger , the sorrow , the unadulterate reality of what 's happen . tear stream down he face as he look back up to meet -- randall' relieved eye , in the rearview once more . randall I be so sorry , davey . I love you , pal . proud of you . Real proud . Sheila reach back , squeeze davey 's hand as -- 99 . int . davey 's house - davey 's room - later davey 's perch atop he bed , stare out the picture window . blue and red light flicker on he face from outside . sheila ( 0.s. ) and davey 's get the sleep bag all set up for ya -- Woody , Sheila and randall enter the room . sheila -- when you mom get off she shift in the morning , she will pick you up . woody thanks , Mr. and Mrs. armstrong . randall and Woody join davey at the window . look out to see the beehive of activity below -- police cruiser crowd Mackey 's driveway . officer move in and out of the house carry bagged evidence . another cruiser sit park at the end of davey 's driveway . neighbor crowd around , watch , gossipe . randall you be safe , guy . they will keep a eye out , make sure nothing happen . davey lock he window . davey wonder where he be ... randall the a.p.b. 's be out for hour . just a matter of time now . davey climb into bed as Woody settles in on the floor . sheila we love you . you boy be gonna be the talk of the town . how 's it feel ? davey like nothing 's ever gonna be the same again ... randall and Sheila kiss davey on he head and exit . once they be go , davey look back out the window at the activity at Mackey 's house . Woody join he . 100 . woody think they 'il catch he ? davey there 's nowhere leave for he to hide . it 's over . we get he . the boy give each other a high - five , crawl back into bed . but as davey lie down , he stare at the ceiling , worried ... hour later the boy have finally fall asleep . we track through the room , out into the -- hallway . moving through the darken house until we tilt up -- errrrk ... the attic door quietly open , seemingly on its own ... the slide- down ladder extend toward the floor ... a shoe drop down , hit the first step . a cop 's shoe . int . davey 's house - davey 's room - moment later still asleep in he bed , davey stir a bit . roll over on he side , back to the doorway -- sensing something , he eye OPEN as -- a hand , a chloroform rag , coming down , smothering he mouth and nose , muffling he hysterical scream ! davey fight for a moment ... but he spirit be quickly sap thanks to the chemical 's handiwork . davey look into mackey 's empty eye as he own flutter shut . fade to black over black the constant summertime drone of katydid and cricket ... wave gently washing ashore , not far away ... a tugboat horn , far off in the distance ... flashing light , blue and red , through close eyelid ... bwoop -bwoop ! a police siren shock US -- fade up on : 101 . blink -blink ... blink ... as we come - to , our vision be blurry . strobing red and blue light blind US . but as our sight clear , we realize we be in -- int . police cruiser - night davey sit up quickly , panicked . look around . where the fuck be I ? realize he 's in the back of a cop car , window fogged up . he 's bound at the wrist with rope and gag . beside he , Woody be out cold , bound and gag as well . davey ( muffle , through gag ) Woody ! .... Woody ! davey lean into Woody , nudging he hard as he can -- woody come - to . look around -- freaked the fuck out , he bolt back against the car door , breathing hard . davey move he jaw and neck , make he way out of the gag . davey turn around . i’1l untie you . davey and Woody sit back - to-back . davey struggle to loosen the rope around Woody 's wrist . finally unty it . hand free , Woody remove he gag , unty davey 's wrist -- woody davey , what the fuck be go on !? I do not even know how I get here -- davey it 's Mackey . woody where the hell be we !? they wipe the fog off the window . scan the darkness outside , illuminate in burst by the strobing police light ... woody I can not see shit ! thud ! something heavy hit the side of the car -- the boy jump away from the window , eye darting every which way . woody the fuck be that !? davey I do not see anything ! 102 . wham ! a rock hit , lodge into the front windshield , spiderwebbing the glass -- davey / woody ahhhhhh ! silence again . no sign of life . just absolute stillness -- crash ! a rock shatter the window beside woody , shard of glass cut the side of he face ! they bolt to the other side of the car , look all around ! davey we need to get outta here ! woody no way ! they listen intently , peer desperately into the wood through the fogge - up glass . nothing in view . no movement . the painful anticipation be shattered as -- thud ! the guy spin around to find -- mackey ! he maniacal face just inch away ! in he hand , he hold a huge serrate knife against the glass -- woody ruuuun ! ahhhh ! Woody open the door opposite Mackey , bolt out , davey hot on he heel ! they sprint for the surround wood as -- a powerful flashlight slice into the wood after they , its beam fracture , cascade across the tree . the boy peel off into the darkness ... mackey ( 0.s. ) ( via cruiser loudspeaker ) I know how much you guy like game . so I have get a surprise for you . as they run , the SOUND of the police siren echoes out ! remains on ! a symphony of death for mackey to hunt to ! mackey ( 0.s. ) ( via cruiser loudspeaker ) we be gonna play manhunt , only now , we be gonna play for real ! davey and Woody stop , both lean against a tree , out of breath , utterly petrify . be this really happen !? davey notice a piss stain down Woody 's leg . 103 . davey hey . he will not catch we if we keep move . all right ? let 's go . sprint through the wood , the boy finally come to a clear to find -- water ! the dark , remote ipswich Bay stare back at they ! no other land in sight ! woody what the hell ...? davey turn around to find mackey 's flashlight beam be gone ! he look in all direction ... nothing ! the shrill scream of the police siren just add to the panic as -- davey where have he go !? come on ! davey instinctively duck back into the treeline , sprinting diagonally between the water and the police cruiser , its light still flash chaotically . the dense forest zip past as they dash through , adrenaline pump . they come to another clear , revealing -- water ! again ! still no land in sight ! davey where the fuck do he take we !? woody ( realize , desolate ) a barrier island . he know no one come out here . davey what ? it can not be a island ! he drive he car ! Woody crouch at the water line . watch the movement of the water in the moonlight ... woody tide 's come in . davey what 's that get to do with anything ? woody I grow up clam digging with my uncle around this island . at low tide , there 's a road onto they . ( more ) 104 . woody ( cont ’d ) at high tide , the road 's cover by water . davey so what do that mean ? woody if we do not find the road off the island soon , we be gonna be strand out here till the tide go back out . davey we have to go back to the cruiser . follow the track . the police siren abruptly stop ! katydid and cricket once again own the night . wave gently wrestle with the shore . woody he 's at the cruiser right now ! we can not go back there ! davey how deep be it ? can we swim ? woody the undertow and rip tide be insane . we have be as good as dead . this island be not that big . if we just keep go around , eventually -- davey we will find the road . moment later , the guy be in a mad dash along the edge of the island . the dense tree canopy block most of the light from the moon , just enough get through to light the way -- Woody trip over something , roll he ankle , fall hard . as davey come to help Woody up , they both lock eye on -- the blister , decomposing body of a teenage boy ! woody ahhh -- davey block woody 's mouth as they both fall away from the body , terrify ! but they quickly realize they 're in a puddle of sludge from another decomposing body ! they slip and slide to they foot , back away quickly . they look around , speechless at the sight of -- 105 . body , in vary stage of decomposition and burial . it 's impossible to tell , but there could easily be twenty of they . maybe more . it 's mackey' killing field ! Woody spot something . a familiar , empty , stripe bag . he kneel down . see that it 's -- woody '' noah '' ... empty bag of the stuff litter the ground -- davey get down ! mackey 's flashlight peek through the tree , not too far away . davey and Woody try to be as silent as possible , watch as the flashlight move closer ... mackey ( 0.s. ) I know you be close . davey we gotta get to the cruiser . Woody nod agreement , but suddenly dissolves into tear . woody I do not wanna die out here , davey . my Mom need I . davey you be not gonna die . I get you into this mess , I be gonna get you out of it . we be gonna split up -- woody why you always wanna split up ? davey we have to . because I be gonna be you diversion . I will get Mackey 's attention so you can get to the cruiser . find a way out . woody I be not gonna let you -- but before Woody can protest , davey bolt -- davey hey Wayne ! fuck you , you fuckin loser ! eat shit ! 106 . mackey spot he ! give chase ! davey run like hell , flashlight beam wave chaotically as Mackey sprint after davey , frenzied ! davey zig - zag through the brush ! he 's never run faster in he life , pure adrenaline coursing through he vein ! until -- davey trip over a fallen tree ! quickly pull himself into the nook beneath it , gasping for AIR ! quiet himself ... silence . where the fuck be he !? be he go !? do I lose he !? shit ... davey slowly , hesitantly peek out from under the tree -- slit ! davey buckle , blood pouring over he shoe , he achilles slice in half ! davey ahhh ! and then mackey 's there ! in davey '’s face ! he tear davey out from under the tree ! throws he to the ground as he clean the blood off of he massive knife ! mackey stay the fuck there . Mackey take off , disappear into the night . seriously injure and hobble , tear form in davey 's eye . he muster he strength , scream -- davey woody ! he’s coming ! ruuuuun ! ext . wood - night woody . Racing through the dense overgrowth . terrified . he break free of some low hang branch and stop . see the squad car about 50 yard ahead , light still coloring the night . make a dash for it -- wham ! a body careen out of the shadow , slam into woody ! they tumble over each other , whack the ground hard . woody no! please ! let I go ! landing face first , Woody wheeze in pain , the wind knock out of he . before he can get up , a hand grab he hair . yank he head up -- 107 . woody daveeeey ! and a knife sly he throat ! !!!!! 1}piibbrrdbrrdrbage Woody 's wheeze abruptly turn to a surprised gurgle . still clutching Woody 's hair , Mackey get down low over he . put he head against Woody 's , face draw in a expression of ecstasy as he pant hard and relish the struggle of woody 's flailing death throes . the boy 's final , agonizing breaths . when it 's over , Mackey stand , soak in he prey 's blood . eye close in rapture , chest heaving , he smile wide . alive . ext . wood - continuous on he foot , barely , davey hobble toward the red and blue light . leg gush blood , it drag behind he , useless . teeth gritt , he growls through the pain and tear . urging himself on . he finally see the squad car ahead -- the blinding light of a flashlight catch he . come closer ... closer ... he crumple to he knee , sobbing . mackey grab davey . crouches and draw he close . they face just inch apart . cover in blood except he big , bright eye , Mackey look truly terrifying . he whip the knife to davey 's throat . davey cry out in fear . hatred make mackey' voice quiver . he dig the knife into davey 's skin just a bit , draw blood -- davey whimper . mackey you bring this on yourself ! all you have to do be leave I alone ! this be you goddamned fault ! davey ( plead ) I be sorry . I be so sorry ! mackey sorry ? you force I out of my home ! stole my life ! and you think you can get out of this by say you be sorry !? all I want to do be kill you . I want you dead right fucking now ! davey wince ! but the kill blow do not come ... 108 . mackey but that 's not enough . not for you . through the fear , davey meet Mackey 's gaze . confused . mackey you have spend so much time think about I . I want you to keep think about I and imagine what I be go to do when I come back for you . and I will . after you have live look over you shoulder , see I in every dark corner , every nightmare . live in the fear that every day might be the one I come back to claim what 's mine . one day ... you will be right . Mackey shove davey to the ground . stomp on davey 's slashed leg . davey scream in pain . Mackey smile and turn back into the darkness -- davey cry out in pain , unable to move . after a few moment , he hear the squad car 's driver side door OPEN -- slam shut . davey struggle to sit up as the car 's engine start up . davey no -- dirt and rock kick up behind the car as it drive off into the night . the red and blue light fading into the void -- davey 's face , alternate red and blue in the light , be swallow whole by the night as we -- fade to black slowly fade up on strobing light . distant and numerous . we soon realize we 're looking straight down from -- ext . juniper STREET - cul - do - sac - high above - night half a dozen police cruiser , park throughout the cul - de - sac , they light bathing the lawn and house in blood red and crime scene blue . we pan over the STREET , crowded with neighbor and cop , to the equally crowded backyard , to the wood behind the house . flashlight scour the darkness in all direction -- the voice of terrified , desperate parent and police call out into the night -- 109 . neighborhood parent ( distant , echoing ) davey ! -- woody ! -- davey ! -- it 's another manhunt . as the pan move over the wood , we -- fade to black slowly fade up as headlight cut the darkness , revealing a single , hobbling silhouette . it raise its arm , desperate for help . the headlight slow . stop as the silhouette collapse . the driver 's door open and a fisherman ( male , 60 ) jog over . int . pickup truck - early morning davey , exhaust , barely hold onto consciousness , lie against the passenger window . wrapped in a blanket . pale as shit . he might not make it to the hospital . the fisherman be do he best to reassure davey and keep he awake . we can ’t hear what he’s saying , but he expression be one of panic , speed as fast as he can . davey stare out the window , in another world . the sun just start to rise , the sky turn from black to indigo blue . he perk up a bit suddenly as the truck pass -- mackey 's squad car . abandoned on the side of the road . and on FIRE , all its identify mark scorching to oblivion . davey 's head turn , watch it as they go by . terror in he eye . Mackey 's long go . somewhere out there . wait ... int . hospital room - day randall and Sheila hold davey tight , the family all sit on davey 's hospital bed . crying together . relieved . Broken . ext . davey 's house - day randall 's car pull into the driveway . news reporter and cameramen crowd the front porch rush to the car as -- davey hobble out , leg in a cast . sea of reporter davey ! / David ! / can you tell we what happen ?/ how have you survive ? randall help davey along , shield the boy as they reach Sheila and head inside , leave the news folk clamoring as -- dissolve to : 110 . ext . juniper STREET - cul -de - sac - day bicycle tire spin quickly over the sidewalk . they slow to a stop and a familiar shoe drop to the pavement , the other foot in a supportive boot . newspaper bag sling over he shoulder , davey stand with he bike at the foot of Mackey 's driveway . crime scene tape block the way up to the house , more of it strung across the front door . but no police . the house be searched and clean out long ago . he toss a thick sunday newspaper on the asphalt at he foot . the headline read : '' cape ann killer wayne mackey still on the loose . " davey gaze at it a moment . pedal on ... he make he way around the street , toss newspaper onto front porch in reverse of the order at the OPEN . the yard be empty . Doors close , probably lock . curtain draw . no one water they plant or play game in the lawn . it 's all go quiet . a neighborhood haunt by ghost . davey ( v.0 . ) when something you never see come break the routine ... that 's when thing get really interesting . the sound of a approaching car make davey stop . he look to see it 's nikki 's parent 's car . packed to the brim with nikki 's belonging . a uconn sticker on the fender . in the backseat window , nikki look out at davey as the car pass . davey give she a solemn wave . she press a hand to the glass . the sad look on she face tell all . they hold each other 's gaze until the car disappear from view ... davey ( v.0 . ) but that 's what I love about this place . it always keep you on you toe . davey pedal on ... as he throw a paper to farraday 's porch , davey spot farraday look out from he bedroom window . farraday hold davey 's gaze for a moment , remorse on he face . then francine come to the window , close the blind . davey ( v.0 . ) behind the freshly paint wall next door , anything could be happen and you would never know . 111 . pass eat 's house , davey look into the side yard , see eat , Kyle and they father with crowbar . dismantling the treehouse . davey stop to watch , gutpunch by the sight . see eat 's solemn face as eat pull another board free . davey ( v.0 . ) just past the manicure lawn and friendly wave , go inside any house . less than fifty foot from where you sleep , entirely different life be play out . int . davey 's house - davey 's room - day now devoid of all the childish toy and colleclecle that once fill it . davey stare at he wall , still cover in National Enquirer page . tear in he eye , in a fit of rage , he rake he finger down the wall and rip they all down . davey ( v.0 . ) it 's easy to think of the suburb as a deadend . a weird bermuda triangle where the american dream strangle all the excitement out of life . but look can be deceive ... ext . juniper STREET - cul -de - sac - night front porch light gleam on every house . give a sense of security . everything seem quiet . safe . davey ( v.0 . ) even serial killer live next door to somebody ... fade out