sunset boulevard Charles brackett billy wilder d.m. marshman , Jr. March 21,1949 sequence " a " a-l-4 start the picture with the actual street sign : sunset boulevard , stencill on a curbstope . in the gutter lie dead leave , scrap of paper , burnt match and cigarette butt . it be early morning . now the camera leave the sign and move east , the grey asphalt of the street fill the screen . as speed accelerate to around 40 m.p.h. , traffic de - marcation , white arrow , speed - limit warning , man - hole cover , etc. , flash by . superimposed on all this be the credit title , in the stencill style of the street sign . over the scene we now hear man' voice siren . Police squad car yes , this be sunset hurtle toward the camera , boulevard , Los Angeles , turn off the road into a California . it 's about driveway with squealing five o'clock in the brake . dismount motor - morning . that 's the cycle cop stand direct homicide squad , com - the car in . plete with detective and newspaper man . a-5 patio and pool of a murder have be be - mansion ported from one of that great big house in the the policeman and news - ten thousand block . paper reporter and you will read all about photographer have it in the late edition , jump out of the car I be sure . you will get and be run up to it over you radio , the pool , in which a and see it on tele - body be see float . vision -- because a photographer ' bulb old - time star be in - flash in rapid suc - volve . one of the big - cession . good . but before you hear it all distort and blow out of proportion , before that Hollywood columnist get they hand on it , maybe you would like to hear the fact , the whole truth ... a-6 flash of the body man' voice angle up through the if so , you have come to the water from the bottom right party ... you see , of the pool , as the the body of a young man body float face down - be find float in the ward . it be a well - pool of she mansion , with dress young man . two shot in he back and one in he stomach . no - body important , really . just a movie writer with a couple of " B " picture to he credit . the poor dope . he always want a pool well , in the end he get himself a pool -- slow dissolve to : only the price turn out to be a little high ... let 's go back about six a-7 hollywood , see from month and find the day the hilltop at ivar when it all start . &amp ; franklin street it be a crisp sunny I be live in a day . the voice con - apartment house above tinue speak as Franklin and ivar . camera pan toward thing be tough the alto nido apart - at the moment . I have not ment house , a ugly work in a studio for moorish structure ofsat a long time . so I stucco , about four there grind storey high . camera out original storey , move toward a OPEN two a week . only I window on the third seem to have lose floor , where we look my touch . maybe they in on joe gillis ' apart - be not original ment . Joe gillis , bare - enough . maybe they foote and wear no - be too original . thing but a old bath - all I know be they robe . be sit on do not sell . the bed . in front of he . on a straight chair , be a portable typewriter . beside he , on the bed , be a dirty ashtray and a scatter of type write and pencil - mark page . gillis be type . with a pencil clench bet - ween he tooth . a-8 joe gillis ' apartment it be a one- room affair with a unmade Murphy bed pull out of the wall at which gillis sit type . there be a couple of wear - out plush chair and a Spanish - style , wringht - iron stand lamp . also a small desk litter with book and letter , and a chest of drawer with a portable phonograph and some record on top . on the wall be a couple of repro - duction of characterless painting , with laundry bill and snapshot stick in the frame . through a archway can he see a tiny kitchenette , complete with unwash coffee pot and cup , empty tin can , orange peel , etc . the effect be dingy and cheerless -- just another furnish apartment . the buzzer sound . gillis yeah . the buzzer sound again . gillis get up and open the door . two man wear hat stand outside one of they carry a briefcase . no . 1 Joseph c. gillis ? gillis that 's right . the man ease into the room . no. 1 hand gillis a business card . no . 1 we have come for the car . gillis what car ? no. 2 ( consult a paper ) 1946 plymouth convertible . Calif - ornia license 97 N 567 . no . 1 where be the key ? gillis why should I give you the key ? no . 1 because the company 's play ball with you long enough . because you be three payment behind . and because we have get a Court order . come on -- the key . no . 2 or do you want we to jack it up and haul it away ? gillis relax , fan . the car be not here . no . 1 be that so ? gillis I leat it to a friend of mine . he take it up to Palm Springs . no . 1 have to get away for he health , I suppose . gillis you do not believe I ? look in the garage . no . 1 sure we believe you , only now we want you to believe we . that car better be back here by noon tomorrow , or there 's go to be firework . gillis you say the cutest thing . the man leave . gillis gillis ' voice stand ponder beside well , I need about two the door for a moment . hundred and ninety dollar then he walk to the and I need it real center of the room and , quick , or I would lose my car . with he back to the it be not in Palm Springs camera , slip into a and it be not in the pair of gray slack . garage . I be way ahead there be a metallic of the finance company . noise as some loose change and key drop from the trouser pocket . as gillis bend over to pick they up , we see that he have drop the car key , identifiable be - cause of a rabbit 's foot and a miniature license plate attach to the key-re . gillis pocket the key and as he start to put on a shirt dissolve to : a-9 exterior of rudy's gillis ' voice shoeshine parlor ( day ) I know they would be come a small shack - like build - around and I be not tak - ing , it stand in the ing any chance , so I corner of a public park - keep it a couple of ing lot . rudy , a block away in a parking color boy , be give lot behind rudy 's shoe - a customer a shine . shine parlor . rudy never ask any quest - ion . he would just look at you heel and know the score . pan behind the shack to gillis ' car , a yellow 1946 plymouth convertible with the top down . gillis enter the shot . he be wear a tweed sport jacket , a tan polo shirt , and moooasin . he step into the car and drive it off . rudy wink after he . a- 10 the alley next to sidney' men' shop on bronson ave . gillis ' voice I have a original story gillis drive into the kick around paranount . alley and park he car my agent tell I it be right behind a delivery dead as a doornail . but truck . pan and follow I know a big shot over he as he get out , walk there who would always like around the corner into I , and the time have bronson and then toward come to take a little the tower main gate of advantage of it . his paramount . a few loafer , name be sheldrake . he studio cop and extras be be a smart producer , loung there . with a set of ulcer to prove it . dissolve to : a-11 sheldrake's office it be in the style of a paramount executive 's office -- mahogany , leather , and a little chintz . on the wall be some large frame photograph of paramount star , with dedication to Mr. sheldrake . also a couple of frame critic ' award certificate , and a oscar on a bookshelf . a shoot schedule chart be thumb - tack into a large bulletin board . there be pile or script , a few pipe and , somewhere in the background , some set model . start on sheldrake . he be about 45 . behind he wor - rie face there hide a coat tongue . he be en - gage in change the stain rilter cigarette in he Zeus holder . sheldrake all right , gillis . you have get five minute . what 's you story about ? gillis it 's about a ball player , a rookie shortstop that 's bat 347 . the poor kid be once mix up in a hold - up . but he 's try to go straight -- except there 's a bunch of gambler who will not let he . sheldrake so they tell the kid to throw the World Series , or else , huh ? gillis more or less . only for the end I have get a gimmick that 's real good . a secretary enter , carry a glass or milk . she open a drawer and take out a bottle of pill for sheldrake . sheldrake get a title ? gillis Bases load . there 's a 4o - page outline . sheldrake ( to the secretary ) get the reader ' Department and see what they have on Bases load . the secretary exit . sheldrake take a pill and wash it down with some milk . gillis they be pretty hot about it over at twentieth , but I think Zanuck 's all wet . can you see ty power as a gillis ( cont would ) shortstop ? you have get the best man for it right here on this lot . Alan ladd . good change of pace for Alan ladd . there 's another thing : it 's pretty simple to shoot . lot of outdoor stuff . Bet you could make the whole thing for under a million . and there 's a great little part for Bill demarest . one of the trainer , a oldtime player who get bean and go out of he head sometimes . the door open and Betty schaefer enter -- a clean - cut , nice look girl of 21 , with a bright , alert manner . dress in tweed skirt , brook sweater and pearl , and carry a folder of papers . she put they on sheldrake 's desk , not notice gillis , who stand near the door . betty hello , Mr. sheldrake . on that Bases load . I cover it with a 2 - page synopsis . ( she hold it out ) but I would not bother . sheldrake what 's wrong with it ? betty it 's from hunger . sheldrake nothing for ladd ? betty just a rehash of something that be not very good to begin with . sheldrake I be sure you will be glad to meet Mr. gillis . he write it . Betty turn towards gillis , embarrassed . sheldrake this be miss Kramer . betty schaefer . Betty schaefer . and right now I wish I could crawl into a hole and pull it in after I . gillis if I could be of any help ... betty I be sorry , Mr. gillis , but I just do not think it 's any good . I find it flat and banal . gillis exactly what kind of material do you recommend ? James Joyce ? dostoosvsky ? sheldrake name dropper . betty I just think picture should say a little something . gillis oh , you be one of the message kid . just a story will not do . you would have turn down go with the wind . sheldrake no , that be I . I say , who want to see a Civil War picture ? betty perhaps the reason I hate Bases load be that I know you name . I would always hear you have some talent . gillis that be last year . this year I be try to earn a live . betty so you take plot 27 -a , make it glossy , make it slick -- sheldrake carefull that be dirty word ! you sound like a bunch of New York critic . thank you , miss schaefer . betty Goodbye , Mr. gillis . gillis Goodbye . next time I will write the nake and the Dead . Betty leave . sheldrake well , seem like Zanuck 's get himself a baseball picture . gillis Mr. sheldrake , I do not want you to think I think this be go to win any Academy Award . sheldrake ( his mind free-wheeling ) of course , we be always look for a Betty hutton . do you see it as a Betty hutton ? gillis frankly , no . sheldrake ( amuse himself ) now wait a minute . if we make it a girl ' softball team , put in a few number . might make a cute musical : it happen in the bull Pen -- the story of a woman . gillis you try to be funny ? -- because I be all out of laugh . I be over a barrel and I need a job . sheldrake sure , gillis . if something should come along - gillis along be no good . I need it now . sheldrake have not get a thing . gillis any kind of assignment . additional dialogue . sheldrake there 's nothing , gillis . not even if you be a relative . gillis ( hating it ) look , Mr. sheldrake , could you let I have three hundred buck yourself , as a personal loan ? sheldrake could I ? gillis , last year some - body talk I into buy a ranch in the valley . so I borrow money from the bank so I could pay for the ranch . this year I have to mortgage the ranch so I could keep up my life insurance so I could borrow on the insurance so I could pay my income tax . now if dewey have be elect - gillis Goodbye , Mr. sheldrake . dissolve to : a- 12 ext . schwab' drug store ( early afternoon activity ) gillis ' voice after that I drive down move in toward drug store to headquarters . that 's and the way a lot of we think about schwab 's drug store . dissolve to : actor and stock girl and waiter . kind of a combination office , kaffee - a-13 int . schwab' drug store klatsch and wait room . wait , wait for the the usual schwabadero gravy train . crowd sit at the fount - ain , gossip at the cigar-stand , loiter by the magazine display . move in towards the two telephone booths . in I get myself ten nickel one of they sit gillis , and start send out a stack of nickel in a general s.o.s. could not front of he . he 's get hold of my agent , do a lot of talk naturally . so then I into the telephone , call a pal of mine , name hang up , drop of artie Green -- a awful another nickel , dial , nice guy , a assistant talk again . director . he cquld let I have twenty , but twenty would not do . gillis ' voice ( cont . ) then I talk to a couple of yes man at twentieth . to I they say no . finally I locate that agent of mine , the big faker . be he out digging up a job for poor Joe gillis ? hmph ! he be hard at work in bel Air , make with the golf club . gillis hang up with a curse , open the door of the booth , emerge , wiping the sweat from he forehead . he walk toward the exit . he be stop by the voice of skolsky hello , gillis . gillis look around . at the fountain sit skolsky , drink a cup of coffee . gillis hello , Mr. skolsky . skolsky get anything for the column ? gillis sure . just sell a original for a hundred grand . the life of the Warner Brothers . star the ritz Brothers . play opposite the Andrew sister . skolsky ( with a sour smile ) but do not get I wrong -- I love Hollywood . gillis walk out . dissolve to : a- 14 the bel AIR golf link on a sun - dapple green edge with tall sycamore , stand morino , the agent , a caddy and a nondescript opponent in the background . gillis have evidently state he problem already . morino so you need three hundred dollar ? of course , I could give you three hundred dollar . only I be not go to . gillis no ? morino gillis , get this through you head . I be not just you agent . it 's not the ten per cent . I be you friend . he sink he putt and walk toward the next tee , gillis follow he . gillis how 's that about you be my friend ? morino do not you know the finest thing in the world have be write on a empty stomach ? once a talent like yours get into that mocambo- romanoff rut , you be through . gillis forget romanoff 's . it 's the car I be talk about . if I lose my car it 's like have my leg out off . morino greatest thing that could happen to you . now you will have to sit behind that typewriter . now you will have to write . gillis what do you think I have be do ? I need three hundred dollar . morino ( icily ) maybe what you need be another agent . he bend down to tee up he ball . gillis turn away . dissolve to : a-15 gillis in he OPEN car gillis ' voice drive down sunset as I drive back towards town towards Hollywood . he I take inventory of my pro - drive slowly . his pect . they now add up to mind be work . exactly zero . apparently I just do not have what it take , and the time have come to wrap up the whole Hollywood deal and go home . maybe if I hock all my junk there would be enough for a bus ticket back to Ohio , back to that thirty - five - dollar - a- week job behind the copy desk of the dayton even Post , if it be still open . back to the smirk delight of the whole office . all gillis stop he car at right you wise guy . why do not a red light by the main you go out and take a crack at entrance to bel air. Hollywood ? maybe you think suddenly he eye fall you could -- oh - oh ! on : a- 16 another car it be a dark - green dodge business coupe , also wait for the light to change . but head in the opposite direction . in it be the two finance company man . they spot gillis in he car and exchange look . from across the intersection gillis recognize they and pull down the leather sunshade to screen he face . as the light change . gillis give he car the gun and shoot away . the man narrowly avoid hit another car as they make a u-turn into oncoming traffic and start after he . a-17 the chase to a - 21 very short , very sharp , tell in flash . ( use location on sunset between bel Air and holmby Hills ) . the man lose gillis around a bend , catch sight of he and then -- while they be trap behind a slow - move truck . he disappear again . a-22 gillis he be drive as fast as he dare , keep a eye out for pursuit in he rear-view mirror . suddenly he right front tire blow out . gillis clutches desperately at the steering wheel and manage to turn the careen car into a- 23 a driveway it be overgrown with weed and screen from the street by bush and tree . gillis stop he car about thirty foot from the street and look back . gillis ' voice be I far enough ahead ? a- 24 the other car shoot past the driveway , still look for gillis . a-25 gillis he watch he pursuer gillis ' voice shoot past and out of yeah ... sight . he open the door and look down at I have land myself in the the flat tire . then he driveway of some big mansion look around to see that look run-down and where he be . desert . at the end of the drive be a lovely sight a- 26 driveway with garage indeed -- a great big empty garage , just stand there a enormous , five - car go to waste . if ever there affair . neglect and be a place to stash away a empty-looking . limping car with a hot license number ... a- 27 gillis he get back into he there be another occupant in car and carefully pilot that garage : a enormous the limping vehicle into foreign - build automobile . it one of the stall . in must have burn up ten gallon the adjoin one be a to a mile . it have a 1932 large , dust - cover license . I figure that 's isotta - fraschini propped when the owner move out ... up on block . he close I also figure I could not go the garage door and walk back to my apartment now that up the driveway . in idle that bloodhound be on to curiosity he mount a I . the idea be to get artie stone staircase which Green 's and stay there till I lead to the garden . could make that bus for Ohio . camera in back of he . once back in dayton I would drop at the top of the step the credit boy a picturepost - he see the somber pile card tell they where to of pick up the jallopy . norma desmond house gillis ' voice it be a grandiose -- it be a great big white italianate structure , elephant of a place . the kind mottle by the year , crazy movie people build in the gloomy , forsaken , crazy twenties . a neglect little formal garden house get a unhappy look . completely go to this one have it in spade . it seed . be like that old woman in great expectation -- that miss from somewhere above haversham in she rotting wed - come ding dress and she tear veil , take it out on the world be - cause she would be give the go - by . a woman' voice you there ! gilll turn and look . a-28 upstair loggia behind a bamboo blind there be a movement of a dark figure . woman' voice wlly be you so late ? why have you keep I waitlng so long ? a-29 gillis he stand flabbergasted . a new noise attract he attention -- the creak of a heavy metal - and - glass door be open . he turn and see a-3o the entrance door of the house Max von mayerl stand there . he be sixty , and all in black , except for immaculate white cotton glove , shirt , high , stiff collar and a white bow tie . his coat be shiny black alpaca , he trousers ledger-atriped . he be semi-paralyzed . the leave side of he mouth be pull down , and he lean on a rubber - ferrule stick . max in here ! gillis enter the shot . gillis I just put my car in the garage . I have a blow -out . I think -- max go on in . there be authority in the gesture of he white - glove hand as he motion gillis inside . gillis look , maybe I would better take my car -- max wipe you foot ! automatically , gillis wipe he foot on a enormous shabby cocoanut mat . max you be not dress properly . gillis dress for what ? the woman' voice Max ! have he come up , Max ! max ( gesture ) up the stair ! gillis suppose you listen just for a minute - max Madame be wait . gillis for I ? okay . gillis enter . a-31 int . norma desmond entrance hall it be grandiose and grim . the whole place be one of that abortion of silent - picture day , with bowl alley in the cellar and a build - in pipe organ , and beam import from Italy , with California termite at work on they . portiere be draw before all the window , and only thin slit or sunlight find they way in to fight the few electric bulb which be always burn . gillis start up the curve of the black marble staircase . it have a wrought- iron rail and a wear velvet rope along the wall . max ( from below ) if you need help with the coffin call I . the oddity of the situation have catch gillis ' imagination . he climb the stair with a kind of morbid fascination . at the top he stop , undecided , then turn to the right and be stop by woman' voice this way ! gillis swing around . Norma desmond stand down the corridor next to a doorway from which emerge a flicker light . she be a little woman . there be a curious style , a great sense of high voltage about she . she be dress - ed in black house pyjamas and black high - heele pump . around she throat there be a leopard - pat - terned scarf , and wound around she head a turban of the same material . her skin be very pale , and she be wear dark glass . norma in here . I put he on my massage table in front of the fire . he always like fire and poke at they with a stick . gillis enter the shot and she lead he into a-32 norma desmond bedroom it be a huge , gloomy room hang in white brocade which have beconle dirty over the year and even slightly tear in a few place . there 's a great , unmade gild bed in the shape of a swan , from which the gold have begin to peel . there be a disorder of clothes and negligee and fade photograph of old - time star about . in a imitation baroque fireplace some log be burn - ing . on the massage table before it lie a small form shroud under a Spanish shawl . at each end on a baroque pedestal stand a three - branch cande - labrum , the candle light . norma I have make up my mind we will bury he in the garden . any city law against that ? gillis I would not know . norma I do not care anyway . I want the coffin to be white . and I want it specially line with satin . White , or deep pink . she pick up the shawl to make up she mind about the color . from under the shawl flop down a dead arm . gillis stare and recoil a little . it be like a child 's arm , only black and hairy . norma maybe red . bright flame red . Gay . let 's make it gay . gillis edge closer and glance down . under the shawl he see the sad , bearded face of a dead chimpanzee . Norma drop back the shawl . norma how much will it be ? I warn you - do not give I a fancy price just because I be rich . gillis Lady . you have get the wrong man . for the first time . Norma really look at he through she dark glass . gillis I have some trouble with my car . flat tire . I pull into you garage till I could get a spare . I think this be a empty house . norma it be not . get out . gillis I be sorry , and I be sorry you lose you friend , and I do not think red be the right color . norma get out . gillis sure . wait a minute -- have not I see you -- ? norma or shall I call my servant ? gillis I know you face . you be Norma desmond . you use to be in picture . you use to be big . norma I be big . it 's the picture that get small . gillis I know there be something wrong with they . norma they be dead . they be finish . there be a time when this busi - ness have the eye of the whole wide world . but that be not good enough . oh , nol they want the ear of the world , too . so they open they big mouth , and out come talk , talk , talk ... gillis that 's where the popcorn business come in . you buy yourself a bag and plug up you ear . norma look at they in the front office -- the master mind ! they take the idol and smashed they . the fairbankses and the chaplin and the gilbert and the valentino . and who have they get now ? some nobody -- a lot of pale little frog croaking pish - poshl gillis do not get sore at I . I be not a executive . I be just a writer . norma you be ! write word , word ! you have make a rope of word and strangle this businessl but there be a microphone right there to catch the last gurgle , and technicolor to photograph the red , swollen tongue ! gillis ssh ! you will wake up that monkey . norma get out ! gillis start down the stair . gillis next time I will bring my autograph album along , or maybe a hunk of cement and ask for you footprint . he be halfway down the staircase when he be stop by norma just a minute , you ! gillis yeah ? norma you be a writer , you say . gillis why ? Norma start down the stair . norma be you or be not you ? gillis I think that 's what it say on my driver 's license . norma and you have write picture , have not you ? gillis sure have . the last one I write be about cattle rustler . before they be through with it , the whole thing play on a torpedo boat . Norma have reach he at the bottom of the staircase . norma I want to ask you something . come in here . she lead he into a-33 the huge live room it be dark and damp and fill with black oak and red velvet furniture which look like crappy prop from the Mark of Zorro set . along the main wall , a gigantic fireplace have be freezing for year . on the gold piano be a galaxy of photograph of Norma desmond in she various role . on one wall be a painting -- a California gold rush scene , carthay Circle school . ( we will learn later that it hide a motion picture screen . ) one corner be fill with a large pipe organ , and as Norma and gillis enter , there be a grizzly moan sound . gillis look around . norma the wind get in that blast pipe organ . I ought to have it take out . gillis or teach it a better tune . Norma have lead he to the card table which stand side by side near a window . they be pile high with papers scrawle in a large , uncertain hand . norma how long be a movie script this day ? I mean , how many page ? gillis depend on what it be -- a Donald duck or Joan or Arc . norma this be to be a very important picture . I have write it myself . take I year . gillis ( look at the pile of script ) look like enough for six impor - tant picture . norma it 's the story or salome . I think I will have demille direct it . gillis uh-huh . norma we have make a lot of picture together . gillis and you will play salome ? norma who else ? gillis only ask . I did't know you be plan a comeback . norma I hate that word . it be a return . a return to the million of people who have never forgiven I for desert the screen . gillis Fair enough . norma salome -- what a woman ! what a part ! the princess in love with a Holy man . she dance the dance of the Seven veil . he reject she , so she demand he head on a golden tray , kissing he cold , dead lip . gillis they will love it in pomona . norma ( take it straight ) they will love it every place . ( she reach for a batch of page from the heap ) read it . read the scene just before she have he kill ! gillis right now ? never let another writer read you stuff . he may steal it . norma I be not afraid . read it ! norma ( cont would ) ( Calling ) Max ! Max ! ( to gillis ) sit down . be there enough light ? gillis I have get twenty - twenty vision . Max have enter . norma bring something to drink . max yes. Madame . he leave . Norma turn to gillis again . norma I say sit down . there be compulsion in she voice . gillis look at she gillis ' voice and start slowly well . I have no press read . engagement , and she would man - tion something to drink .. Max come in , wheeling sometimes it 's interesting a wicker tea wagon on to see just how bad bad which be two bottle of write can be . this prom - for champagne and two ise to go the limit . I red venetian glass , wonder what a handwrite a box of zwieback and expert would make of that a jar of caviar . Norma childish scrawl of hers . sit on she foot . deep Max wheeled in some champagne in a chair , a gold ring and some caviar . later , I on she forefinger with find out that Max be the a clip which hold a only other person in that cigarette . she get up grim sunset castle , and I and force on gillis find out a few other thing another batch of script , about he ... as for she , she go back to she chair . sit coiled up like a watch spring , she cigarette clamp in a curious holder ... I could sense she eye on I from behind that dark glass , defy I not to like what I read , or maybe begging I in she own proud way to like it . it mean so much to she ... a-34 shot of the gillis ' voice ceiling it sure be a cozy set-up . that bundle of raw nerve , and pan down to the moan - Max , and a dead monkey upstair ing organ . pan over and the wind wheeze through to the entrance door . that organ once in a while . Max open it , and a later on , just for comedy solemn - face man in relief , the real guy arrive undertaker 's clothes with a baby coffin . it be bring in a small all do with great dignity . white coffin . ( thru he must have be a very this shot the room important chimp . the great have be grow grandson of King Kong , maybe. duskier . ) dissolve to : a-35 gillis it get to be eleven . I be feel a little sick at my read . the lamp stomach , what with that sweet beside he be now champagne and that tripe I would really pay its be read -- that silly way in the dark room . hodgepodge of melodramatic a lot of the manu - plot . however , by then I would script page be start concoct a little pile on the floor plot of my own ... around he foot . a half - empty champagne glass stand on the arm of he chair . the camera slowly draw back to include Norma desmond sit in the dusk , just as she be before . gillis put down a batch of script . there be a little pause . norma ( impatiently ) well ? gillis this be fascinating . norma of course it be . gillis maybe it 's a little long and maybe there be some repetition ... but you be not a professional writer . norma I write that with my heart . gillis sure you do . that 's what make it great . what it need be a little more dialogue . norma what for ? I can say anything I want with my eye . gillis it certainly could use a pair of shear and a blue pencil . norma I will not have it butcher . gillis of course not . but it ought to be organize . just a editing job . you can find somebody . norma who ? I would have to have somebody I can trust . when be you bear -- I mean , what sign of the zodiac ? gillis I do not know . norma what month ? gillis December twenty - first . norma Sagittarius . I like sagittarian . you can trust they . gillis thank you . norma I want you to do this work . gillis me? I be busy . just finish one script . I be due on another assignment . norma I do not care . gillis you know , I be pretty expensive . I get five hundred a week . norma I would not worry about money . I will make it worth you while . gillis maybe I would better take the rest of the script home and read it - norma oh no . I could not let it out of my house . you will have to finish it here . gillis it 's get kind of late -- norma be you marry , Mr. -- ? gillis the name be gillis . I be single . norma where do you live ? gillis Hollywood . the Alto nido apart - ment . norma there 's something wrong with you car , you say . gillis there sure be . norma you can stay here . gillis I will come early tomorrow . Norma take off she glass . norma nonsense . there 's room over the garage . Max will take you there ... Max ! the camera move gillis ' voice toward norma' face , she sure could say a lot of right up to she thing with that pale eye of eye . hers . they would be she trade mark . they would make she the num - ber one vamp of another era . I remember a rather florid des - cription in a old fan magazine which say : " her eye be like two moonlit waterhole , where strange animal come to drink . " dissolve to : a-36 SMALL staircase , lead - gillis 'voice ing to room over garage I feel kind of pleased with the way I would handle the sit- Max , a electric light uation . I would drop the hook , bulb in he hand , be and she would snap at it . now lead gillis up . my car would be safe down gillis carry a batch below , while I do a patch - of the manuscript . up job on the script . and there should be plenty of money in it ... Max push open a door at the top of the stair . max ( open the door ) I make you bed this afternoon . gillis thanks . ( on second think ) how do you know I be go to stay , this afternoon ? Max do not answer . he walk across to the bed , screw a bulb in the open socket above it . the light go on , revealing : a-37 a gabled bedroom there be dirty window on two side , and dingy wall - paper on the crack plaster wall . for furniture there be a neatly make bed , a table and a few chair which might have be discard from the main house . max this room have not be use for a long time . gillis it will never make house beautiful . I guess it 's o.k. for one night . Max give he a enigmatic look . max ( point ) there be the bathroom . I put in soap and a toothbrush . gillis thanks . ( he start take off he coat ) say , she 's quite a character , that Norma desmond . max she be the great . you would not know . you be too young . in one week she get seventeen thousand fan letter . Men would bribe she mani - curist to get clipping from she fingernails . there be a maharajah who come all the way from hyderabad to get one of she stocking . later , he strangle himself with it . gillis I sure turn into a interesting driveway . max you do , sir . gillis ' voice he go out . gillis I peg he as slightly look after he , hang cuckoo , too . a stroke maybe . he coat over a chair , come to think of it , the walk over to the win- whole place seem to have dow , pull down the be stricken with a kind of rickety venetian blind . creep paralysis , out of as he do so , he look beat with the rest of the down at : world , crumble apart in slow motion ... a-38 the tennis court of gillis ' voice the desmond house there be a tennis court , or ( moonlight ) rather the ghost of a tennis court , with fade marking the cement surface be and sagging net ... crack in many place , and weed be grow high . a-39 gillis - in the window he look away from the court to : a-40 the desmond swimming pool gillis ' voice there be no water in and of course she have a pool . it , and hunk of who do not then ? mabel norm - mosaic which line its and and John Gilbert must enormous basin be have swum in it ten thousand break away . midnight ago , and vilma banky and Rod La roque . it be empty now .... or be it ? a-41 gillis - in the window he stare down , he stomach slowly turn . a-42 the swimming pool at the bottom of the basin a great rat be eat a decaye or , ange . from the inlet pipe crawl two other rat , who join battle with the first rat over the orange . a-43 gillis - in the window he start away , but some - gillis ' voice thing attract he atten - there be something tion . he turn back and else go on below : look down again . the last rite for that hairy old chimp , perform with the a-44 the lawn below utmost seriousness -- as if she be lay Norma desmond and Max be to rest a only child . carry the white coffin be she life really towards a small grave as as empty as that ? which have be dig in the dead turf . Norma carry one of the candelabra , all of its candle flicker in the wind . they reach the grave and lower the coffin into it . then , Norma lighting he task with the candelabrum , Max take a spade from the loose earth and start fill in the grave . a-45 gillis - in the window he watch the scene be - gillis ' voice low , then turn into the it be all very queer , room , go to the door but queerer thing to lock it . there be no be yet to come . key , and only a hole where the lock have be gouge out . gillis move a heavy overstuff chair in front of the door , then walk towards the bed , throw himself on it , pick up some of the manuscript page to read . dissolve end of sequence " a " sequence " B " dissolve in on : b-1 long shot the desmond house - ( morning ) the day be overcast . the SOUND : ( distant organ house be shroud in low music - improvisation fog . on a odd , mournful theme - not too loud , continue throughout b-2 the tennis court , blurred the scene . ) over with fog . b-3 the empty swimming pool its dark outline even more melancholy under the misty blanket . b-4 the room over the garage mute daylight seep gillis ' voice through the blind . gillis that night I would have a lie on the bed , under a mix - up dream . in it shabby quilt . the manu - be a organ grinder . script be beside he , some I could not see he of the page scattered on face , but the organ the floor . he be just be all drape in open he eye . it take black , and a chimp be he a moment to adjust he - dance for penny . self to the strange sur - when I open my eye , rounding . his eye , wander - the music be still ing about the room . suddenly there ... where be stop , startle . he lift I ? himself on one elbow and stare at - b-5 the door the heavy chair he have set oh yes , in that empty against it the night before room over she garage . have be push back . the only it be not empty door be wide ajar . any more . somebody have bring in all my belonging - my b-6 gillis book , my typewriter , my clothes ... he jump out of bed . he wear , shirt , trousers and sock . suddenly he realize that all he possession have gillis ' voice be bring in . in what be go on ? the closet hang he shirt . his book and typewriter be neatly arrange on the table . his phonograph -radio combination be all install . gillis look around startle , then sit down and start put on he moccasin hastily . dissolve to : b-7 a pair of hand in white glove , playing the organ pull back : they belong to Max von mayerl . he be sit erect , he bull neck taut as a wrestler 's as he rights out somber chord after somber chord . he sit in a shaft of gray light come from a open french window . through the far archway , gillis storm into the big room . gillis hey , you -- Max -- whatever - you - name - be -- what be my thing do here ? no answer . gillis I be talk to you . my clothes and thing be up in the room . max naturally . I bring they myself . gillis ( furiously ) be that so ! max why be you so upset ? be there anything miss ? gillis who say you could ? who ask you to ? Norma desmond 's shadow move into the shaft of light . norma' voice I do . gillis look around . on the couch by the fireplace recline Norma desmond , dress in a negligee . she rise . norma I do not know why you should be so upset . stop that play , Max . ( to gillis again ) it seem like a good idea -- if we be to work together . gillis look , I be suppose to fix up you script . there 's nothing in the deal about my stay here . norma you will like it here . gillis thanks for the invitation , but I have my own apartment . norma you can not work in a apartment where you owe three month ' rent . gillis I will take care of that . norma it 's all take care of . it 's all pay for . gillis I be use to pay my own bill . norma you proud boy , why do not you tell I you be have difficulty . gillis okay . we will deduct it from my salary . norma now , now , do not let 's be small about such matter . we will not keep book . ( to Max ) go on , unpack Mr. gillis ' thing . gillis unpack nothing . I do not say I be stay . norma ( her glass off again ) suppose you make up you mind . do you want this job or do not you ? dissolve to : b-8 big room , norma desmond house - ( day ) gillis ' voice gillis sit at a impro - so I let he unpack my vise table , he typewriter thing . I want the in front of he , work dough , and I want to hard at the manuscript . get out of there as pencils , shear and a quickly as possible . paste - pot at hand . I think if I really get go I could toss facing he at some dis - it off in a couple or tance sit Norma , dress week . but it be not in another version of she so simple , get some favorite loung pajamas , coherence into that wild , the cigaette contraption scramble melodrama on she finger . she be she would concoct . what autograph large photo - make it tougher be that graph of herself and put - she be around all the ting they in envelope . time -- hover over I , afraid I would do injury to that precious brain - child of hers . gillis take two or three page from Norma 's hand - write script , cross they out and put they to one side . Norma rise , cross towards gillis , look over he shoulder . norma what 's that ? gillis just a scene I cut out . norma what scene ? gillis the one where you go to the slave market . you can cut right to the scene where John the Baptist - norma cut away from I ? gillis honestly , it 's a little old hat . they do not want that any more . norma they do not ? then why do they still write I fan letter every day . why do they beg I for my photo - graph ? because they want to see I , I , I ! Norma desmond . gillis ( resigned ) okay . he pull the page from he typewriter . as he do so he glance over towards Norma . gillis ' voice on the table in front I do not argue with she . of she be the photo - you do not yell at a graph which she be sign - sleepwalker -- he may fall ing . on the long table and break he neck . that 's in the live room be a it -- she be still gallery of photograph sleepwalk along the in various frame -- all giddy height of a lose Norma desmond . on the career -- plain crazy piano more photograph . when it come to that one above the piano a oil subject : she celluloid portrait of she . on the self , the great Norma highboy beside he still desmond . how could she more photograph . breathe in that house , so crowded with Norma dissolve to : desmond ? more Norma desmond and still more Norma desmond . b-9 the big room - ( night ) gillis ' voice shoot towards the big it be not all work - of gold rush painting . Max , course . two or three white glove and all , time a week Max would step into the shot , shove haul up that enormous oil the painting up towards painting that have be the ceiling , revealing a present to she by some motion picture screen . nevada chamber of com - Max exit . merce , and we would see a movie , right in she live room . b-1o norma and gillis gillis ' voice they sit on a couch , face " so much nicer than go the screen . on a table in out , " she would say . the front of they be champagne , plain fact be that she cigarettes and coffee . be afraid of that world above they head be the outside . afraid it typical opening for a pro - would remind she that jector . the light go off . time have pass . from the open above they head shoot the wide beam of light . b- 11 max , in the projection they be silent movie , booth behind the room and Max would run the projection machine , which the light of the machine be just as well -- it flicker over he face , keep he from give we which be freeze , a somber a accompaniment on enigma . that wheeze organ . b-12 norma and gillis she would sit very close to watch the screen . I , and she would smell of gillis look down and see tuberosis , which be not that Norma 's hand be clasp - my favorite perfume , not ing he ann tight . he by a long shot . sometine do not like it much but as we watch , she would c he can not do anything about lutch my arm or my hand it . however . when she for forget she be my a second let go he arm employer become just a to pick up a glass of fan , excited about that champagne , he gently with - actress up there on the draw he arm , lean away screen .... I guess I do not from she and cross he have to tell you who the arm to discourage any star be . they be resumption of she approach . always she picture -- Norma put the glass down that 's all she want do not find he arn , but to see . be not aware of any signifi - cance in he maneuver . they both watch the screen . b-13 the other end of the big room . with the screen on it flicker a famous scene from one of Norma 's old silent picture . it be not to be a funny scene . it be old - fashioned , but show she incredible beauty and the screen presence which make she the great star of she day . b-14 norma and gillis on the couch norma still wonderful , be not it ? and no dialogue . we do not need dialogue . we have face . there just be not any face like that any more . well , maybe one -- garbo . in a sudden flareup she jump to she foot and stand in the flicker beam of light . norma that idiot producer ! that imbecile ! have not they get any eye ? have they forget what a star look like ? I will show they . I will be up there again . so help I ! dissolve to : b-15 the big room - ( night ) it be apparently empty . gillis ' voice the elaborate lamp sometimes there would be a make pool of light . little bridge game in the house , at a twentieth - of - the camera pull back a cent a point . I would get and pan to reveal a half she winning . once card table around they run up to seventy which sit Norma and cent , which be about three friend - three the only cash money I actor of she period . ever get . the other they sit erect and play around the table would with grim seriousness . be actor friend - dim figure you may still beside Norma sit remember from the silent gillis , kibitze on a day . I use to think of game which bore he they as she Wax Works . extremely . a ashtray on the card table be full and Norma hold it out for gillis to take away . he cross the room to the fire - place . but he eye fall on the entrance door and he stop . b-16 the entrance hall - ( from gillis ' point of view ) Max stand in the open door . outside be the two man who come to the apartment for gillis ' car . b-17 gillis he step back so that he cannot be see from the door . a second later Max appear , look for he . max ( quietly ) some man be here . they ask for you . gillis I be not here . max that 's what I tell they . gillis good . max they find you car in the garage . they be go to tow it away . gillis do not know what to do . from offstage come : norma' voice the ashtray , Joe dear ! can we have the ashtray ? gillis dump the cigarette butt into the cold fire - place , cross to the bridge table , put the ashtray down , lean over and speak into Norma 's ear . gillis I want to talk to you for a minute . norma not now , my dear . I be play three no trump . gillis they have come for my car . norma please . now I have forget how many spade be out . gillis I need some money right now . norma can not you wait till I be dummy ? 3.22.49 gillis no . norma ( angry by now ) please ! gillis stand frustrated , hideously embarrassed by the stare of the waxwork . he turn away and hurry to the door . b-18 entrance door to the house it be half open . gillis come into the shot and , take cover , look out . b-19 courtyard ( from gillis ' angle ) the man from the finance company be cranking up the car . Max stand watch silently . when they finish the cranking job , the man climb into the front seat of the truck . b-2o gillis - at the door over the shot the SOUND of the truck be start and the car move away . gillis move out into the courtyard and stand stare after the car . from the house come Norma . norma now what be it ? where 's the fire ? gillis I have lose my car . norma oh ... and I think it be a matter of life and death . gillis it be to I . that 's why I come to this house . that 's why I take this job -- ghost write ! norma now you be be silly . we do not need two car . we have a car . and not one of thuse cheap new thing make of chromium and spit . a isotta - fraschini . have you ever hear of isotta - fraschinis ? all hand - make . cost I twenty - eight thousand dollar . the camera have panned over to the garage and focus on the dirty isotta - fraschini on its block . dissolve to : b-21 norma' isotta -fraschini drive in the hill above sunset ( day ) Max be at the wheel , gillis ' voice dress as usual except so Max get that old bus for a chauffeurf cap . down off its block and polished it up . she would take I for ride in the b-22 inside the car hill above sunset . gillis sit beside Norma , the whole thing be up - who be wear a smart holster in leopard tailleur and she eternal skin , and have one of sun glass . gillis that car phone , all wear he sport jacket - gold - plate . flannel trousers - moccasin combinat ion . he sit uncomfortably . Norma be study he . norma that 's a dreadful shirt you be wear . gillis what 's wrong with it ? norma nothing , if you work in a fill - ing station . and I be get rather bored with that sport jacket , and that same baggy pants . ( she pick up the car phone ) Max , what 's a good man 's shop in town ? the very best ... well , go there ! gillis I do not need any clothes , and I certainly do not want you buy - ing they for -- norma why begrudge I a little fun ? I just want you to look nice , my stray little boy . by this time Max have make a u-turn . quick dissolve to : b-23 int . men' department , a elegant wilshire store gillis stand in front of a full - length triple mirror , surround by a couple of salesmen and the tailor , who be busily work out alteration . gillis wear a double - breast gray flannel coat with chalk stripe . his trousers belong to another suit of glen plaid . Norma be run the show . norma there 's nothing like gray flannel with a chalk stripe . ( she point at the trousers ) this one single - breast , of course . ( to another salesman ) now we need a topcoat . let 's see what you have in camel 's hair . the salesman leave . norma how about some evening clothes ? gillis I do not need a tuxedo . norma of course you do . a tuxedo and tail . gillis tail . that 's ridiculous . norma you will need they for party . you will need they for New Year 's eve. ( to a salesman ) where be you evening clothes ? salesman this way , Madame . he lead she off . the other salesman arrive with a selection of topcoat . salesman here be some camel hair , but I would like you just to feel this one . it 's vicuna . of course , it 's a little more expensive . gillis a camel 's hair will do . salesman ( with a insulting inflection ) as long as the lady be pay for it , why not take the vicuna ? dissolve : end of sequence " B " sequence " C " dissolve in : c-1 long shot desmond house a day in December . rain . quick dissolve to : C -2 int . room over garage Water be drizzle from gillis ' voice two or three spot in the the last week in December ceiling into pan and the rain come -- a great bowl set to catch it , big package of rain . one bowl right on the over-size , like every - bed . the room be almost thing else in California . emptied of gillis ' be - longing by now . Max it come right through be carry out a hand - the old roof of my room full of new suit on above the garage . she hanger . he have a have Max move I to the dress gown over he main house . I do not shoulder . gillis hold much like the idea -- the a stack of shirt , he only time I could have typewriter , and some to myself be in that manuscript . he survey room -- but it be better the room for the last than sleep in a rain - time , to see whether coat and galoshes . he 's forget any - thing . he have . he put down the typewriter and pick up from under the bed a pair of very smart red leather bedroom slipper . he tuck they under he arm , pick up the typewriter and leave . quick dissolve to : c-3 a bedroom in tiie MAIN house it be obviously a man 's room -- heavy Spanish furniture -- one wall nothing but a closet with shelf and drawer for shirt and shoe . Max be hang up the suit . gillis throw the shirt on a big chair , toss the slipper at the foot of the bed , place the typewriter and manuscript on a desk at the window . gillis whose room be this ? max it be the room of the husband . or of the husband , I should say . Madame have be marry three time . slightly embarrassed , gillis pick up he toilet kit with razor , toothbrush , soap , etc. , and start towards the bathroom , pause en route at a rain - splatter window . gillis I guess this be the one you can see catalina from . only this be not the day . he proceed towards the half - open door lead to the bathroom . something strike he attention and he stop . as in the door to the room above the garage , this lock , too , have be gouge out . gillis hey , what 's this with the door ? there be not any lock . max there be no lock anywhere in this house . he point to the entrance door of the room , and to another door . gillis how come ? max the doctor suggest it . gillis what doctor ? max Madame 's doctor . she have moment of melancholy . there have be some suicide attempt . gillis uh-huh ? max we have to be very careful . no sleep pill , no razor blade . we shut off the gas in she bed - room . gillis why ? her career ? she get enough out of it . she 's not forget . she still get that fan letter . max I would not look too closely at the postmark . gillis you send they . be that it , Max ? max I would better press you evening clothes , sir . you have not for - get Madame 's New Year 's party . gillis no , I have not . I suppose all the waxwork be come ? max I do not know , sir . Madame make the arrangement . Max leave . gillis come out of the bathroom , pick up he shirt , go over to a closet , open it . as he do so one of the door without a lock swing slightly open . gillis look through the half - open door and see . c-4 norma desmond room it be empty . the rainy gillis ' voice day do nothing to there it be again - that help its gloom . room of hers , all satin and ruffle , and that bed like a gild rowboat . the per - foct set for a silent movie queen . poor devil , still wave proudly to a parade which have long since pass she by . he push the door shut and walk back into the room . dissolve to : c-5 staircase of desmond house ( night ) gillis be come down the gillis ' voice stair in he tailcoat it be at she New Year 's adjust the handkerchief party that I find out in he pocket . he obviously how she feel about I . feel a little uneasy in maybe I would be a idiot this outfit . from below not to have sense it come a tango of the twen - be come - that sad , tie . play by a small embarrassing revelation . orchestra . gillis stop in the archway lead to the big room and look around . c-6 the big room have be deco - rate for the occasion with laurel garland . dozen of candle in all the sconce and candelabra be ablaze . they flicker flame be reflect in the wax sur= face of the tile floor . there be a buffet , with bucket of champagne and caviar on ice . in one corner on a little platform bank with palm . a four-piece orchestra be play . at the buffet be Max and Norma . she be drink a glass of champagne . she be wear a diamonte evening dress . very high style . with long black glove and a headdress of paradise feather . her eye fall on gillis . she put down the glass of champagne . pick up a gardenia boutonniere and move toward he . norma Joe , you look absolutely divine . turn around ! gillis ( embarrassed} please . norma come on ! gillis make a slow 36 o - degree turn . norma perfect . wonderful shoulder . and I love that line . she indicate the V from he shoulder to he hip . gillis all pad . do not let it fool you . norma come here ! she put the gardenia on he lapel . gillis you know , to I dress up be always just put on my dark blue suit . norma I do not like that stud they have send . I want you to have pearl . Nice big pearl . gillis now , I be not go to wear ear - ring , I can tell you that . norma cute . let 's have some drink . she lead he over to the buffet . gillis should not we wait for the other ? norma ( point at the floor ) careful , it 's slippery . I have it wax . they reach the buffet . Max be ready with two glass of champagne . Norma hand gillis a glass . norma here 's to we . they drink . norma you know , this floor use to be wood but I have it change . valentino say there be nothing like tile for a tango . she open she arm . gillis not on the same floor with valentino ! norma just follow I . they start to tango . after a moment -- norma do not bend back like that . gillis it 's that feather . they tickle . Norma pull the paradise feather from she hair and toss they away . c-7 the orchestra as they play the tango , the musician eye the danc - ing couple , take in the situation , exchange glance and turn away with professional discretion . c-8 norma and gillis , tangoing gillis glance at he wrist watch . gillis it 's a quarter past ten . what time be they suppose to get here ? norma who ? gillis the other guest ? norma there be no other guest . we do not want to share this night with other people . this be for you and I . gillis I understand some rich guy buy up all the ticket for a perfor - mance at the Metropolitan and sit there listen to La traviata , all by himself . he be afraid of catch cold . norma hold I tighter . gillis come midnight , how about blind - fold the orchestra and smash - ing champagne glass on Max 's head ? norma you think this be all very funny . gillis a little . norma be it funny that I be in love with you ? gillis what 's that ? norma I be in love with you . do not you know that ? I have be in love with you all along . they dance on . gillis be acutely embarrassed . the camera slowly pull back , pan past the face of the musician , who play on with a rather overe - mphasize lack of interest . finally it wind up on Max , behind the buffet . he stand watch gillis , a faint trace of pity in he eye . dissolve to : c-9 norma' finger , with the cigarette gadget , as she gillis ' voice insert a cigarette . I be sure a lot of you will laugh about this . ridicu - lous situation , be not it ? -- a woman almost twice my age ... it get to be about a quarter of eleven . I feel catch , like a cig - arette in the prong of that contraption on she finger . pull back to : norma and gillis sit on a couch in front of the cavernous fireplace . Norma hold out she cigarette to gillis , who light it . norma . what a wonderful next year it 's go to be . what fun we be go to have . I 'ii fill the pool for you . or I will open my house in malibu , and you can have the whole ocean . or I will buy you a boat and we will sail to Hawaii . gillis stop it . you be not go to buy I anything more . norma do not be silly . ( she reach under a pillow of the couch and bring out a leather box ) here . I be go to give it to you at midniglht . gillis open the box . it contain a match gold cigarette case and lighter . norma read what 's inside . gillis snap open the case . engrave inside the cover be : to joe from norma , and two bar of music . gillis what be the note ? norma " mad about the boy . " gillis Norma , I can not take it . you have buy I enough . norma shut up . I be rich . I be richer than all this new Hollywood trash . I have get a million dollar . gillis keep it . norma I own three block downtown . I have oil in bakersfield -- pump , pump , pump . what 's it for but to buy we anything we want . gillis cut out that we business . he rise . norma what 's the matter with you ? gillis what right do you have to take I for grant ? norma what right ? do you want I to tell you ? gillis have it ever occur that I may have a life of my own ? that there may be some girl I be crazy about ? norma who ? some car hop , or a dress extra ? gillis why not ? what I be try to say be that I be all wrong for you . you want a valentino -- somebody with polo pony -- a big shot -- norma ( get up slowly ) what you be try to say be that you do not want I to love you . be that it ? gillis do not answer . Norma slap he face and rush from the room and upstairs . gillis stand paralyze , the slap burn he cheek . c-1o the top of the staircase and corridor Norma rush up the last few step , down the corridor and into she bedroom , bang the door . move the camera toward the close door , center on the gouge - out lock . C - 11 gillis , in the big room he still stand motionless . he glance around fur - tively , to see if he humiliation have be observe . c-12 the orchestra the musician be play away . they have turn they eye away from gillis rather too ostentatious - ly for comfort . c-13 gillis his eye move over toward C -14 max he be subtler than the musician . he appear very busy at the buffet , put empty bottle and use glass on a tray . he walk across the room with they . c-15 gillis he start slowly out . as he do so he long gold key chain catch on a carve ornament of the sofa and hold he for a second of additional embarrass - ment . he yank it loose and walk with as much nonchalance as he can muster to C - 16 the hall cross towards the coat closet , gillis throw a look upstairs . then he pull the vicuna coat from its hangar and slip into it as he cross to the entrance door . he open the door on the darkness of the courtyard . C -17 ext . desmond house ( night - rain ) gillis shut the door . gillis 'voice he take a few step I do not know where I be forward , then stand go . I just have to get for a while breathe out of there . I have to be deep . the rain be with people my own age . I balm to that cheek have to hear somebody laugh where the slap still a again . I think of artie burn . he walk for - Green . there be bound to ward with a great be a New Year 's shindig sense of relief . go on in he apartment down on Las palmas -- the hock shop set -- not a job C - 18 driveway leading to in the room . but lot of fun on the cuff . gillis walk to the street , which be dark and empty . he start down sunset in a easterly direction . a car pass . he try to thumb a ride , without success . however , the second car , a florist 's delivery wagon , stop . gillis jump in and the car drive off . dissolve to : C -19 artie green' apartment it be the most modest one- room affair , jam pack with young people flow over into the miniature bathroom and the microscopic kitchenette . the only drink be serve be punch from a press - glass bowl -- but everybody be have a hell of a time . most of the man be in slack and sweater , and only a few of the girl in something that vaguely suggest party dress . abe burrough sit at a small , guest - festoon piano and sing tokio Rose . by the door , a group of young man and girl respond to the song by sing1ng rinso White or dentyne chew gum or something similar , in the manner of a bach choral . artie Green , a dark haire , pleasant - look guy in he late twenty , be conduct with the ladle from the punch bowl . the door behind some of the singer be push open , jostling they out of they place . in come gillis , he hair and face wet , the collar of he vicuna coat turn up . artie stop conduct , but the commer - cial go right on . artie well , what do you know ! Joe gillis ! gillis hi , artie . artie where have you be keep that gorgeous face of yours ? gillis in a deep freeze . artie I almost report you to the Bureau of miss person . ( to the company ) fan , you all know Joe gillis , the well - know screen writer , opium smuggler and Black dahlia suspect . gillis greet some of the kid by name as he and artie push they way into the room . artie give I you coat . gillis let it ride for a while . artie you be go to stay , be not you ? gillis that be the general idea . artie come on . artie start peel the coat off gillis . its texture take he breath away . artie what be this - mink ? he have take the coat . he look at gillis stand there in tail . artie juda E. Priest , who do you borrow that from ? adolphe menjou ? gillis Close , but no cigar . gillis stand embarrassed while artie roll up the vicuna coat and tuck it above the book on a book - shelf . artie say , you be not really smuggle opium this day , be you ? gillis where 's the bar ? the two make they way toward the punch bowl . it 's a little like run the gauntlet for gillis . there be whistle and ' stare of astonishlnent at he tail . when they reach the punch bowl , artie pick up a half - fill glass and fill it . gillis good party . artie the great . they call I the elsa maxwell of the assistant director . ( to some guest who be dip they empty cup into the punch bowl ) hey , easy on the punch bowl . budget only call for three drink per extra . Fake the rest . gillis listen , artie , can I stick around here for a while ? artie sure , this will go on all night . gillis I mean , could you put I up for a couple of week ? artie it just so happen we have a vacancy on the couch . gillis I will take it . artie I will have the bell - hop take care of you luggage . he run he finger across the decollete back of a girl stand in a group next they . artie just register here . the girl turn around . she be Betty schaefer . betty hello , Mr. gillis . artie you know each other ? gillis look at she a little puzzle . betty let I help you . Betty schaeter , sheldrake 's office . gillis sure. Bases load . artie wait a minute . this be the woman I love . what 's go on ? who be load ? gillis do not worry . she 's just a fan for my literary output . betty ( to artie ) hurt feeling department . gillis about that luggage . where 's the phone ? artie over by the rainbow room . gillis squeeze he way through group of people to the telephone , which be next to a open door lead to the bathroom . the phone be busy . a girl sit listen to it , giggle wildly . another girl beside she be laugh too . they be apparently share a conversation with some man on the other end of the wire . the telephone pass from hand to hand . gillis watch impatiently , then gillis when youlre through with that thing , can I have it ? the girl just nod , go on with she chatter . gillis stand wait , and Betty schaefer come up with he glass . betty you forget this . gillis thanks . betty I have be hope to run into you . gillis what for ? to recover that knife you stick in my back ? betty I feel a little guilty , so I get out some of you old storey . gillis why , you sweet kid . betty there 's one call .... window ... something with a window . gillis Dark window . how do you like it ? betty I do not . gillis thank you . betty except for about six page . you have get a flashback there ... there be too much racket for she . betty be there someplace we can talk ? gillis how about the rainbow room ? they squeeze they way towards the bathroom , past artie . artie I say you could have my couch . I do not say you could have my girl . betty this be shop talk . she and gillis go through the open door into C - 20 artie' bathroom it 's a little less noisy , although there be some guest there , chat and have fun . Betty and gillis sit down on the edge of the tub . gillis now if I get you correctly , there be a short stretch of my fiction you find worthy of notice . betty the flashback in the courtroom , when she tell about be a school teacher . gillis I have a teacher like that once . betty maybe that 's why it 's good . it 's true , it 's move . now why do not you use that character ... gillis who want true ? who want move ? betty Drop that attitude . here 's some - thing really worth while . gillis want I to start right now ? maybe there 's some paper around . betty I be serious . I have get a few idea . gillis I have get some idea myself . one of they be this be New Year 's Eve . how about live it up a little ? betty as for instance ? gillis well .... betty we could make some paper boat and have a regatta . or should we just turn on the shower ? gillis how about capture the kitchen and barricade the door ? betty be you hungry ? gillis hungry ? after twelve year in the burmese jungle . I be starve , Lady agatha -- starve for a white shoulder -- betty Phillip , you be mad ! one of the girl who be on the phone come to the door . girl you can have the phone now . gillis ( pay no attention ) thirst for the coolness of you lip - betty no , Phillip , no . we must be strong . you be still wear the uniform of the coldstream Guards ! furthermore , you can have the phone now . gillis o.k . ( he get up , start out , turn ) I find I be terribly afraid of lose you . betty you will not . ( she take the glass out of he hand ) I will get we a refill of this awful stuff . gillis you will be wait for I ? betty with a wildly beat heart . gillis life can be beautiful ! he leave . C - 21 the MAIN room gillis squeeze himself through some guest to the phone . he have to stand in a cramped position , hold the instrument close to he as he dial a number . gillis Max ? this be Mr. gillis . I want you to do I a favor . C - 22 norma desmond house Max be at the phone , in the lower hall . max I be sorry , Mr. gillis . I can not talk now . C - 23 gillis on the phone gillis yes you can . I want you to get my old suitcase and I want you to throw in my old clothes -- the one I come with , and my typewriter . I will have somebody pick they up . C - 24 max at the phone max I have no time to talk . the doctor be here . C - 25 gillis on the phone gillis what doctor ? what 's go on ? C - 26 max at the phone max she get the razor from you room . she cut she wrist . Max hang up , move toward the staircase . C -27 gillis at the phone gillis Max ! Max ! he hang up the dead receiver , stand numb with shock . Betty elbow she way up to he , carry the two punch glass fill again . betty I just get the recipe : take two package of cough drop , dissolve in one gallon of lukewarm grape juice -- gillis look up at she . without a word he push she aside so that she spill the drink . he make he way through the guest to the vicuna coat , pull it from the shelf , some book tumble with it , and rush towards the door and out . Betty stand look - ing after he , completely bewilder . dissolve to : C - 28 ext . desmond house - ( night , rain ) the doctor 's car be park in the driveway . a taxi pull up . gillis , in he vicuna coat now , jump out , throw a couple of dollar to the rdriver and run toward the house . C -28a doorway , norma desmond house&gt ; Max be open the door to let out the doctor , a professional look man carry a black bag . gillis run into the shot . gillis how be she ? max she be upstairs . gillis start to push past Max . Max grab he arm . max be careful . do not race up the stair . the musician must not know what have happen . gillis go into the house . C - 29 enrance hall and staircase gillis cross the hall and start up the stair . c-3o int . norma desmond room only one alabaster lamp light the big , cold room . on the bed lie Norma in she evening dress . she be white as a sheet . her wrist be bandage . her eye be wide open , stare at the ceiling . one of she shoe have halt slip off she foot . the other be on . gillis open the door and stand there tor a second . then he slowly move to the toot of the bed . he take the shoe from she foot and put they on the floor . norma go away . gillis what kind of a silly thing be that to do ? norma to fall in love with you -- that be the idiotic thing . gillis it sure would have make attractive headline : great Star kill her - self for unknown writer . norma great star have great pride . she put one bandage forearm over she eye , sobbing . gillis walk slowly over to the mantelpiece , stand there for awhile . norma go away . go to that girl of yours . gillis look , I be make that up because I think the whole thing be a mistake . I do not want to hurt you . you have be good to I . you be the only person in this stinking town that have be good to I . norma why do not you just say thank you and go , go , go -- gillis not until you promise to act like a sensible human be . norma I will do it again , I will do it again , I will do it again ! gillis stand look at she helplessly . C -31 live room , the desmond house the candle burn down , the orchestra play to the emptiness . the orchestra leader look at he watch , rise , silence the orchestra , then start they in on auld lang syne . C -32 int . norma' room gillis still stand . Norma lie on the bed , arm over she eye , sobbing . gillis happy New Year . Norma continue to sob . gillis go to the bed , put he arm on she shoulder and turn she around . gillis happy New Year . Norma look at he , tear in she eye . slowly she enfold he in she bandage arm . norma happy New year. darling . she kiss he . dissolve end of sequence " C " sequence " D " dissolve in on : d-1 int . hallway , norma gillis ' voice desmond house ( day ) around the middle of May some incident happen the telephone be hear which I think I should tell ringing . Max come from you about . live room to the phone , pick it up . max hello ... yes ? d- 1a betty schaefer , at the phone on her desk in the reader ' department betty be this crestview 5 - 1733 ? ... I be sorry to bother you again , but I have confirm the number . I must speak to Mr. gillis . d- 1 b max , at the phone max he be not here . d- 1c betty on the phone betty where can I reach he ? maybe somebody else in the house could tell I . d- 1d max on the phone max nobody here can give you any information . you will please not call again . he hang up . from off come : norma' voice who be it , Max ? what be it ? d- 1e patio , norma' house it be a sunny day . the garden be in somewhat better shape . the old house look less unkept . the pool be fill . Norma sit on a wicker chaise longue , she face shield by a enormous straw hat , she eye by dark glass . gillis , in bathing trunk , be on a rubber mattress in the pool . Max come to the entrance door . max nothing , Madame . somebody inqu - iring about a stray dog . we must have a number very similar to the pound . he start to turn back . norma wait a minute . I want you to get out the car . you be go to take the script over to paramount and deliver it to Mr. De mille in person . max yes , Madame . he go into the house . gillis ( climb out of the water ) you be really go to send it to De mille ? norma this be the right day . she indicate a typewritten letter she be hold . norma ( cont would ) the chart from my astrologer . she read demille 's horoscope . she read mine . gillis do she read the script ? norma demille be leo. I be Scorpio . Mars have be transmit Jupiter for week . today be the day of great conjuction . now turn around . let I dry you . she put the towel around he sholder and start drying he . gillis I hope you realize , Norma , that script do not sell on astrologer ' chart . norma I be not just sell the script . I be sell I . demille always say I be he great star . gillis when do he say it , Norma ? norma so he say it quite a few year ago . so what ? I never look better in my life . do you know why ? because I have never be as happy in my life . she kiss he . dissolve to : d-2 int . the isotta , drive down sunset about 8:30 in the evening gillis ' voice a few evening later we Max be drive . in the be go to the house of tonneau sit Norma , in a one of the waxwork for chinchilla wrap , and some bridge . she would teach gillis in he tuxedo . I how to play bridge by Norma be rummage then , just as she would teach through she evening I some fancy tango step , bag . she find a and what wine to drink cigarette case , open with what fish . it . it be empty . norma that idiot . he forget to fill my cigarette case . gillis ( proffer he case ) have one of mine . norma they be awful . they make I cough . gillis ( push open the glass partition , to Max ) pull up at the drugstore , will you , Max . ( to Norma ) I will get you some . norma you be a darling . she take a dollar bill from she purse and give it to he . d-3 ext . schwab' drugstore the car drive up and gillis hurry into the store . d-4 int . schwab' drugstore Business be still rather lively . there be about a dozen shopper , and the soda counter be half fill . gillis enter and step to the tobacco counter . gillis ( to the salesgirl ) give I a pack of that turkish cigarettes -- melachrino . the girl open the glass showcase to locate the fancy brand . from off come artie' voice stick them up , gillis , or I will let you have it ! gillis turn . d-5 at the soda fountain artie Green and Betty schaefer sit have a sandwich and a milk shake . with he forefinger and a sound effect , artie riddle gillis ' body . gillis walk into the shot . gillis hello , artie . good evening , miss schaefer . betty ( excitedly ) you do not know how glad I be to see youl artie walk out on the mob . what 's the big idea ? gillis I be sorry about New Year 's . would you believe I if I say I have to be with a sick friend ? artie someone in the formal set , no doubt , with a ten-carat kidney stone . betty stop it , artie , will you ? ( to gillis ) where have you be keep you - self ? I have get the most wonderful news for you . gillis I have not be keep myself at all . not lately . betty I call you agent . I call the screen writer Guild . finally you old apartment give I some crestview number . there be always somebody with a accent growl at I . you be not there . you be not to be speak to . they never hear of you . gillis be that so ? what 's the wonderful news ? betty sheldrake like that angle about the teacher . gillis what teacher ? betty Dark window . I get he all hop up about it . gillis you do ? betty he think it could be make into something . gillis into what ? a lampshade ? betty into something for Barbara Stan - wyck . they have a commitment with Barbara stanwyck . artie unless you would rather have Sarah bernhardt . betty this be on the level . sheldrake really go for it . gillis o.k . where 's the cash ? betty where 's the story ? I bluff it out with a few notion of my own . it 's really just a springboard . it need work . gillis I be afraid of that . betty I have get twenty page of note . I have get a pretty good character for the man . artie could you write in plenty of back - ground action , so they will need a extra assistant director ? betty shut up , artie . ( to gillis ) now if we could sit down for two week and get a story . gillis sorry , miss schaefer , but I have give up write on spec . betty I tell you this be half sell . gillis as a matter of fact . I have give up write altogether . Max have appear in the door . max Mr. gillis , if you please . gillis right with you . Max leave . artie the accent ! I have get it : this guy be in the pay of a foreign government . get that stud . get that cuff-link . gillis I have get to run along . thanks any - way for you interest in my career . betty it 's not you career -- it 's mine . I kind of hope to get in on this deal . I do not want to be a reader all my life . I want to write . gillis sorry if I cross you up . betty you sure have . gillis so long . he leave . artie ( pat she hand ) Babe , it 's like that producer say : in life , you have get to take the bitter with the sour . d-6 the isotta , parked outside gillis come from schwab 's , get into the car . Max take off . norma what on earth , darling ? it take you hour . gillis I run into some people I know . norma where be my cigarettes ? gillis where be you ...? he realize he 's forget they , take the dollar and hand it back to she . gillis Norma , you be smoking too much . dissolve to : d-7 live room , norma desmond house ( early afternoon ) start on a tiny gillis ' voice parasol be whenever she suspect I twirle ... Norma be get bored , she peek out from one would put on a live show side of the parasol , for I : the Norma desmond a bandanna tie folly . her first number around she head with be always the mack sennett a rabbit 's - ear bow . bath beauty . she bat she eye , wink roguishly . the camera pull back to reveal that Norma 's black pyjama trousers be roll up over she knee and she black stocking roll down below they . the whole effect approximate a mack sennett bathing costume pretty effectively . she point at a leather pour . norma this be a rock . she climb on it , pantomime timidity , a attempt dive , then jump off . gillis loll on a couch , watch the performance , very bored . norma I can still see myself in the line : bebe Daniels , Marie prevost , mabel normand ... mabel be always step on my foot ... what 's the matter with you , darling ? why be you so glum ? gillis ( lighting a cigarette with a match ) nothing be the matter . I be have a great time . show I some more . norma ( take the match ) all right . give I this . I need it for a moustache . now close you eye . she run out of the gillis ' voice picture . gillis have something be the matter , close he eye . all right . I be think the camera move to about that girl of artie 's , he face . that miss schaefer . she be so like all we writer when we first hit Holly - wood -- itching with be - bition , panting to get you name up there : screenplay by . original Story by . hmph ! audience do not know somebody sit down and write a picture . they think the actor make it up as they go along . norma' voice open you eye . gillis open he eye . Norma have equip herselr with a derby hat , a cane , and black in a small moustache . she go into a little chaplin routine . while she be do it , the telephone ring . after a moment Max come to the live room door . max Madame be want on the telephone . norma you know better than to interrupt I . max paramount be call . norma who ? max paramount studio . norma ( to gillis ) now , now do you belive I ? I tell you de mille would jump at it . max it be not Mr. de mille in person . it be someone by the name or Gordon Cole . he say it 's very important . norma certainly it 's important . it 's important enough for Mr. de mille to call I personally . the idea of have a assistant call I ! max I myself be surprised at Mr. de mille 's manners . norma say that I be busy , and hang up . max very good , madam . he bow and exit . norma how do you like that ? we have make twelve picture together . his great success . gillis maybe de mille be shoot . norma I know that trick ! he want to belittle I . he 's try to get my price down . I have wait twenty year for this call . now Mr. de mille can wait till I be good and ready . dissolve to : d-8 norma , in the tonneau of the limousine , drive down melrose she be in full makeup , gillis ' voice with a veil , a dare about three day later she hat , a suit so stun be good and ready . in - only she would venture credible as it may seem , to wear it . the camera there have be some more pull back . beside she of that call from sit gillis in the glen paramount . so she put on plaid suit . Max be about half a pound of drive . makeup , fix it up with a veil , and set forth to see demille in person . Norma be examine she face in the mirror of she vanity . Max , while drive , see she in the rear view mirror . max if you will pardon I , Madame . the shadow over the leave eye be not quite balanced . norma thank you , Max . with a handkerchief , she correct it . d-9 MAIN gate , ext . paramount studio the car drive down bronson and stop smack in front of the iron gate . a young policeman be talk to a extra ; a old policeman sit read a newspaper . Max sound the horn impatiently . young policeman hold that noise ! max to see Mr. de mille . open the gate . young policeman Mr. de mille be shoot . you get a appointment ? max no appointment be necessary . I be bring Norma desmond . young policeman Norma who ? Norma have roll down the window on she side . she call to the old policeman . norma jonesy ! come here , jonesy ! old policeman yeah ? ( he come forward slowly ) why , if it be not miss desmond ! how have you be , miss desmond ? norma Fine , jonesy . now open that gate . old policeman sure , miss desmond . ( to the young policeman} come on , Mac . young policeman they can not drive on the lot without a pass . old policeman miss desmond can . come on . they fling open the gate . old policeman ( as the car drive through ) stage eighteen , miss desmond . norma thank you , jonesy . and teach you friend some manners . tell he without I he would not have any job , because without I there would not be any paramount Studio . ( to Max ) go on . they drive through the gate . the old policeman go to wall phone beside the gate , dial a number . old policeman ( into phone ) Norma desmond come in to see Mr. demille . d-10 stage 18 a scene from sampson and delilah be be rehearse in the background . the usual turbulent activity surround it : extras . makeup man , grip , assistant , etc. , etc . in the dim foreground a stage hand be answer a stand telephone . he put down the phone and move ( camera with he ) to a second assistant . stage hand Norma desmond be come to see Mr. demille . the second assistant walk ( camera with he ) to the first assistant . 2nd assistant Norma desmond come in to see Mr. demille . the first assistant ( camera with he ) hurry to the set . sitting with he back toward we be c.b. himself . he be rehearse a scene with hedy lamarr . 1st assistant Norma desmond be come in to see you , Mr. demille . c. B. turn he head . demille Norma desmond ? lst assistant she must be a million year old . demille I hate to think where that put I . I could be she father . 1st assistant I be terribly sorry , Mr. de mille . by this time de mille be on he foot . demille it must be about that appall script of hers . what can I say to she ? what can I say ? 1st assistant I can tell she you be all tie up in the projection room . I can give she the brush ... demille listen , thirty million fan have give she the brush . be not that enough ? 1st assistant I do not mean to -- demille of course you do not . you do not know Norma desmond as a plucky little girl of seventeen , with more courage and wit and heart than ever come together in one youngster . 1st assistant I hear she be a terror to work with . demille she get to be . a dozen press agent work overtime can do terrible thing to the human spirit . ( to the set ) hold everything . he leave , accompany by he entourage . d- 11 ext . stage 18 Norma 's limousine drive up . Max dismount and open the door . norma ( take gillis 's hand ) do not you want to come along , darling ? gillis I do not think so . it 's you script . it 's you show . good luck . norma thank you , darling . she press he hand against she cheek , descend from the car and walk toward - d-12 the door of stage 18 the first assistant be hold it open . in the door - way stand Mr. demille . see Norma , he stretch out he arm . do mille hello , young fellow . norma hello , Mr. demille . she have reach he . they embrace . norma last time I see you be someplace very gay . I remember wave to you . I be dance on a table . do mille lot of people be . lindbergh have just land in Paris . come on in . he lead she into d-13 stage 18 during the ensue dialogue , Mr. de mille walk Norma towards the set . do mille Norma , I want to apologize for not call you . norma you would better . I be very angry . do mille I be pretty busy , as you can see ... norma that 's no excuse . you read the script , do not you ? do mille yes , I do . norma then you could have pick up the phone yourself instead of leave it to one of you assistant . do mille what assistant ? norma do not play innocent . somebody name Gordon Cole . do mille Gordon Cole ? norma and if you have not be pretty darn interested in that script , he would not have try to get I on the phone ten time . do mille Gordon Cole ... look , Norma , I be in the middle of a rehearsal . ( indicating he own chair ) make yourself comfortable . he walk onto the set , accompany by he assistant . do mille ( sotto voce , to he first assistant ) get I Gordon Cole on the phone . meanwhile , Norma start to sit , see the name miss lamarr on the chair and with a look of distaste change and sit on the one mark c.b. do mille . from somewhere come a voice hey , miss desmond ! miss desmond ! she look around she . voice up here ! Norma look up at the scaffold . on the scaffold stand one of the electrician , next to he light . electrician it 's meet it 's hog-eyel Norma wave at he . norma hello . hog -eye point he light at she . hog - eye let 's get a look at you . the beam of the lamp move toward Norma . it hit she . she sit bath in light . a couple of old costume extras recognize she . extras say , it 's Norma ! Norma desmond ! they rush over and start wring she hand . into the shot come a middle - age hairdresser . hairdresser hello , miss desmond . it 's bessie . some elderly electrician and stagehand move in . d-14 another part of the stage the first assistant bring the portable phone to demille . demille lift the receiver . do mille hello . d-15 gordon cole's office in the property department , gordon cole on the phone . cole prop Department . Gordon Cole speak . d- 16 do mille on the phone do mille Cole , this be c. B. demille . have you be call Norma desmond ?... what 's it about ? d-17 gordon cole , on the phone cole it 's that car of hers -- a old isotta - fraschini . her chauffeur drive it on the lot the other day . it look just right for the crosby picture . we want to rent it for a couple of week . d- 18 do mille on the phone do mille ( Troubled ) oh. well , thank you . he hang up , walk back towards Norma . ( camera with he ) . Norma still sit in the shaft of light , surround by about a dozen people who have come up to pay court . demille gesture up to hog-eye and the light shift away . the people about Norma disperse slowly with various ad-lib . do mille well , Norma ... ( he sit down next to she ) I get hold of Gordon Cole . Norma have not hear a word . norma do you see they ? do you see how they come ? do mille you know , crazy thing happen in this business . I hope you have not lose you sense of humor ... suddenly he realize that she be cry . she take the handkerchief from he pocket and put it over she eye . demille what 's the matter , Norma ? norma nothing . I just do not realize what it would be like to come back to the old studio . I have no idea how I would miss it . demille we have miss you too , dear . norma we will be work again , will not we , Chief ? we will make we great picture . demille that 's what I want to talk to you about . norma it 's a good script , be not it ? demille it 's get a lot of good thing . of course , it would be a expensive picture ... norma I do not care about the money . I just want to work again . you do not know what it mean to know that you want I . demille nothing would thrill I more -- if it be possible . norma but remember , darling -- I do not work before ten in the morning , and never after 4:30 in the afternoon . the first assistant come up . 1st assistant we be ready with the shot , Mr. demille . demille you will pardon I , Norma ? why do not you just sit and watch ? ( he step onto the set ) o.k . here we go . 1st assistant Roll them . demille action ! the scene start . d-19 the isotta , parked outside stage 18 Max stand talk to gillis , who be seat in the car . max ( point to the row of office in the building opposite ) you see that office there , Mr. gillis ? they use to be she dress room , the whole row . gillis that do not leave much for wallace reid . max he have a great big bungalow on wheel . I have the upstairs . see where it say ' reader ' Department ' ? I remember my wall be cover with black patent leather ... the word " reader ' Department " have register on gillis ' mind . he get out of the car . gillis I will be with you in a minute . he cross the street towards the green staircase lead to the second floor . meanwhile , two prop man walk down the street come into the shot . 1st prop man hey , that 's the comic car Cole be talk about ! ( to Max ) do you mind if we look inside ? max go away . go away . d-2o cubicle in the reader ' department behind the desk sit Betty , type the synopsis of a novel , a half - eat apple mark she place . the door behind she open and gillis enter . gillis just so you do not think I be a complete swine -- if there 's anything in Dark window you can use , take it . it 's all yours . betty well , for heaven 's sake ! she move the book and the apple aside and point at the free space on the desk . betty have a chair . gillis sit on the desk . gillis I mean it . it 's no good to I anyway . help yourself . betty why should you do that ? gillis if you get a hundred thousand for it , you buy I a box of chocolate creams . if you get a oscar , I get the leave foot . betty you know , I would take you up on that in a minute . I be just not good enough to do it all by myself . gillis what about all that idea you have ? betty see if they make sense . to begin with , I think you should throw out all that psychological stuff -- explore a killer 's sick mind . gillis psychopath sell like hotcake . betty this story be about teacher -- they threadbare life , they struggle . here be people do the most important job in the world , and they have to wprry about get enough money to re-sole they shoe . to I it can be as exciting as any chase , any gunplay . gillis check . betty now I see she teach day class while he teach night school . the first time they meet ... from below come the SOUND of the isotta 's horn . gillis look , if you do not mind , I have not get time to listen to the whole plot ... betty I will make it short . gillis sorry . it 's you baby now . betty I be not good enough to write it alone . we will have to do it together . gillis I be all tie up . I can not . betty could not we work in the evening ? six o'clock in the morning ? this next month I be completely at you disposal . artie be out of town . gillis what have artie to do with it . betty we be engage . gillis good for you . you have get yourself the best guy in town . betty I think so . they be on location in Arizona , shoot a western . I be free every evening , every week - end . if you want , we could work at you place . gillis it 's just impossible . betty nobody can be that busy . there be another honk : from down below . gillis look , Betty , it can not be do . it 's out . betty you be tough , all right . gillis you be on you own . stop be chicken -heart and write that story . betty honest to goodness , I hate you . gillis ( turn 1 n the open door ) and do not make it too dreary . how about this for a situation : she teach daytime . he teach at night . right ? they do not even know each other , but they share the same room . it 's cheaper that way . as a matter of fact , they sleep in the same bed -- in shift , of oourse . betty be you kid ? because I think it 's good . gillis so do i. betty come on back . let I show you where it fit in . she reach in a drawer for she note on Dark window . gillis ( at the door ) so long . Betty pick up the apple and be about to throw it after he . betty oh , you -- gillis and here 's a title : a apple for the teacher . he duck out quiokly , slamm the door behind he . Betty look after he , then angrlly hurl the apple into the wastebasket . d-21 staircase outside reader ' department Max be rush1ng up the stair toward the descend gillis . gillis what 's the matter , Max ? max I just find out why all that tele - phone call . it be not miss desmond they want . it be the car they want to rent . gillis what ? Max have see something off . max ssh ... with he head he indicate d- 22 entrance to stage 18 the first assistant have open the door . demille be show Norma out . do mille Goodbye , young fellow . we will see what we can do . norma ( embrace he ) I be not worried . everything will be fine . the old team together . nothing can stop we . she turn and walk out of the shot . De mille stand for a second watch she , then turn to he assistant . do mille get Gordon Cole . tell he to forget about she car . he can find another old car . I will buy he five old car , if necessary . 1st assistant yes , Mr. De mille . they turn back into stage 18 . d-23 the isotta gillis seat in the rear . Max be help Norma in and put the robe over she . gillis ( apprehensively ) how do it go ? norma it could not have go better . it 's practically set . of course , he have to finish this picture first , but mine will be he next . there be a exchange of look between Max and gillis . gillis he must be quite a guy . norma he 'a a shrewd old fox . he can smell box office . only I be go to outfox he a litt1e . this be not go to be c. B. de mille 's salome . it 's go to be Norma desmond 's salome , a Norma desmond production , star Norma desmond ... Home , Max . max yes , miss desmond . as he say the word , he and gillis exchange a glance in the rear view mirror . slow dissolve : end of sequence " D " sequence " E " dissolve in on : e-1 closeup of norma' face gillis ' voice absolutely no makeup . a after that , a army of hand with a strong small beauty expert invade flashlight come into the she house on sunset picture . the beam of the boulevard . she go flashlight travel over the through a merciless face , explore it merci - series of treatment , lessly . while the light be massage , sweat cabinet , still on it , two pair of mud bath , ice compre - cream hand come into the ses , electric device . shot and start to massage it . she live on vegetable juice and go to bed dissolve to : at nine . she be deter - mine to be ready -- ready for that camera e-2 a short montage of various that would never turn . beauty treatment apply to Norma . dissolve to : e-3 norma before the mirror in her bedroom it be nine o'clock in the evening . she be in night gown and negligee and have put triangular patch on the saddle of she nose and at the outer corner of each eye . she be rub lotion on she hand . she get up and cross to the door of gillis ' room and open it a crack . norma Joe darling , be you there ? e-4 gillis ' room it be dark except for a lamp over the chaise longue . gillis lie on it , fully clothed , read a book . gillis yes , Norma . through the slit in the door there be a suggestion of Norma . norma do not turn around . keep you eye on the book . gillis yes , Norma . Norma push the door open and come in . norma I just come to say good night . I do not want you to see I -- I be not very attractive . gillis good night . norma I have lose half a pound since Tuesday . gillis good . norma I be a little worried about the line of my throat . this woman have do wonder with it . gillis good . norma you would better get to bed yourself . gillis I think I will read a little . norma you go out last night , do not you , Joe ? gillis why do you say that ? norma I just happen to know it . I have a nightmare and I scream for you . you be not here . where be you ? gillis I go for a walk . norma no you do not . you take the car . gillis all right , I drive to the beach . Norma , you do not want I to feel I be lock up in this house ? norma of course not , Joe . it 's just that I do not want to be leave alone . not now , while I be under this terrible strain . my nerve be be tear apart . all I ask be for you to be a little patient and a little kind . gillis I have not do anything , Norma . norma of course you have not . I would not let you . she bend and kiss the top of he head . norma good night , my darling . she go into she room , shutting the door behind she . gillis put he book down and look at she door . e-5 the door to norma' room the light can be see through the gouge - out keyhole . it go out . dissolve to : e-6 upper landing stairway and hall below ( night ) gillis ' voice gillis , with he coat on by yes , I be play hooky now , come cautiously to the upper railing and look every evening along in down into the light hall below . there . it make I think I Max be just extinguish of when I be twelve and the light . Max exit in , the direction of the liv - use to sneak out on the ing room . folk to see a gangster after a moment gillis start silently down the stair . picture . this time it be not to see a picture , e-7 live room it be to try and write ( lighted only by the last flicker of a fire on the one . that story of mine hearth ) . Max be put a fire screen in front of Betty schaerer have dig the fire . he hear some step and the creak or the up keep go through main door be open . he look out and see my head like a dozen locomotive ... e- 7a the MAIN door gillis , in the moonlit porch , be close the main door behind he . e-8 live room Max look after gillis , he face enigmatic as ever . dissolve to : e-9 garage and driveway ( moonlight ) gillis come into the shot , get into the isotta , drive it out or the garage and down the driveway to sunset , as quietly as possible . dissolve to : e-10 reader ' office build paramount ( night ) start on a long shot . the gillis ' voice boom move forward to the only so we would start two light . they be the door work on it , the and window of Betty schaefer 's two of we . Night , cubicle . Betty sit at the when the studio be desk , type . gillis , he desert , up in she coat off , he shirt - sleeve little cubby-hole roll up , j.s pace the floor , of a office . discuss the construction of a sentence . the discussion at a stalemate , Betty suggest some coffee . gillis agree . from the electric plate on the shelf beside she , Betty take a glass coffee machine . gillis seat himself in she chair and start type . Betty open the door and come out on the balcony to fill the coffee machine from the water cooler stand - ing beside the door . betty I get the funniest letter from artie . it 's rain every day since they get to Arizona . they re-wrote the whole picture for rain and shot half of it . now the sun be out . nobody know when they will get back . she move back into the room . gillis good . betty what 's good about it ? I miss he something fierce . gillis I mean this be good dialogue along in here . it will play . betty it will ? gillis sure . especially with lot of music underneath , drown it out . betty do not you sometimes hate yourself ? gillis constantly . no , in all serious - ness , it 's really good . it 's fun write again . I be happy here , honest I be . he resume type . Betty put the water on . she pick up a pack of cigarettes on the desk , find it 's empty and throw it away , see gillis ' open gold cigarette case and lighter on the table by the couch . Betty reach for a cigarette . the inscription en - grave inside the case catch she eye . it read : mad about the boy -- Norma betty who 's Norma ? gillis who 's who ? betty I be sorry . I do not usually read private cigarette case . gillis oh , that . it 's from a friend of mine . a middle - age lady , very foolish and very generous . betty I will say . this be solid gold . gillis I give she some advice on a idiotic script . betty it 's that old familiar story , you help a timid little soul across a crowded street . she turn out to be a multimillionaire and leave you all she money . gillis that 's the trouble with you reader . you know all the plot . now suppose you proof-read page ten while the water boil . dissilve to : e-11 a empty STREET at the gillis ' voice paramount studio ( night ) sometimes when we get stick we would make a gillis and Betty be walk litte tour of the down it . from a stage where drowsing lot , not talk - they be erecting a new set ing much , just wander come a great shaft of light . down alley between the they stop at a apple-vend sound stage , or through machine in the foreground , buy the set they be get - themselves a couple of apple ting ready for the next and walk on . day 's shoot . as a matter of fact , it be dissolve to : on one of that walk when she first tell I about she nose ... e-12 paramount new york STREET ( night ) Betty and gillis be walk down it , the camera ahead of they . betty look at this street . all card - board , all hollow , all phoney . all do with mirror . I like it better than any street in the world . maybe because I use to play here when I be a kid . gillis what be you -- a child actress ? betty I be bear just two block from this studio . right on lemon Grove Avenue . Father be head elec- trician here till he die . mother still work in wardrobe . gillis second generation , huh ? betty third . grandma do stunt work for Pearl White . I come from a picture family . naturally they take it for grant I be to become a great star . so I have ten year of dramatic lesson , diction , dance . then the studio make a test . well , they do not like my nose -- it slant this way a little . I go to a doctor and have it fix . they make more test , and they be crazy about my nose -- only they do not like my act . gillis ( examine she nose by the flame of he lighter ) Nice job . betty should be . it cost three hundred dollar . gillis saddest thing I ever hear . betty not at all . it teach I a little sense . I get I a job in the mail room , work up to the stenographic . now I be a reader ... gillis come clean , Betty . at night you weep for that lose closeup , that gala opening ... betty not once . what 's wrong with be on the other side of the camera ? it 's really more fun . gillis Three cheer for Betty schaefer ! I will now kiss that nose of yours . betty if you please . gillis kiss she nose . as he stand there , he face close to hers - gillis May I say you smell real special . betty it must be my new shampoo . gillis that 's no shampoo . it 'smore like a pile of freehly laund hand - kerchief , like a brand new auto - mobile . how old be you anyway ? betty twenty-two . gillis that 's it -- there 's nothing like be twenty - two . now may I suggest that if we be ever to finish this story you keep at least two foot away from I ... now back to the typewriter . they start walk in the direction of the office . dissolve to : e-13 the garage gillis get out . from the seat next he he take a batch of script , fold it and put it in he pocket . he suddenly become aware that he be watch , turn . Max stand in the moonlight , evidently wait for he . gillis what be it , Max ? want to wash the car , or be you do a little spying in you off hour ? max you must be very careful as you cross the patio . Madame may be watch . gillis how about my go up the kitchen stair and undress in the dark . will that do it ? max I be not inquire where Mr. gillis go every night ... gillis why do not you ? I be write a script and I be die to finish it , no matter what . max it 's just that I be very worried about Madame . gillis sure you be . and we be not help - ing she any , feed she lie and more lie . get herself ready for a pioture ... what happen when she find out ? max she never will . that be my job . it have be for a long time . you must understand I discover she when she be eighteen . I make she a star . I can not let she be destroy . gillis you make she a star ? max I direct all she early picture . there be three young director who show promise in that day : d.w. grirrith , c.b. de mille , and Max von mayerl . gillis and she 's turn you into a servant . max it be I who ask to come back , humiliate as it may seem . I could have go on witn my career , only I find everything unendur - able arter she divorced I . you see , I be she rirst husband . dissolve to : e-14 norma desmond bedroom one lamp light . Norma , in a white negligee , with the patch on she face , be pace up and down -- a small , torment , pitiable woman . finally she open the door to : e-15 gillis ' room ( moonlight ) gillis lie in bed asleep , Norma in the doorway . norma you be here , Joe ... when do you come home ? where be you ? be it a woman ? I know it 's a woman ... who be she ? oh Joe , why can not I ask you ? I must know , I must ! her eye fall on gillis ' coat , which hang over a chair . in a pocket be part of the script . Norma take it out , look at it . she can not see it in the moonlight . she hurry with it into : e-16 norma' bedroom carry the script Norma go to the lamp and look at it . on the first page she see something which confirm all she suspicion of it read : untitled love story by Joseph c. gilliss and Betty schaefer dissolve : e-17 betty' cubicle ( night ) Betty be type . gillis sit on the couch , proof - read a scene . Betty stop type and gillis become aware of she eye fix on he . gillis hey , what 's the matter ... Betty , wake up ! ( he whistle and catch she attention ) why be you stare at I like that ? betty be I ? I be sorry . gillis what 's wrong with you tonight ? what be it , Betty ? betty something come up . I do not want to talk about it . gillis why not ? betty I just do not . gillis what be it you have hear . come on , let 's have it . Betty get up . gillis be it about I ? Betty do not answer , walk out on e-18 the balcony she lean against a post , cry . gillis come out after she . gillis Betty , there 's no use run out on it . let 's face it , what - ever it be . betty it 's nothing . I get a telegram from artie . gillis from artie . what 's wrong ? betty he want I to come on to Arizona . he say it only oost two dollar to get marry there . it would kind of save we a honeymoon . gillis why do not you ? we can finish the script by Thursday . Betty stand cry silently . gillis stop cry . you be get marry . that 's what you have always want . betty I do not want it now . gillis why not ? do not you love artie ? betty of course I love he . I always will . I be just not in love with he any more . gillis what happen ? betty you do . there be a moment 's pause before he take she in he arm . the camera move away . dissolve to : e-19 hall and staircase gillis ' voice desmond home - ( night ) it wasn ' t until I get back to that peculiar gillis enter , close prison of mine that I the door as quietly as start face the fact . he can , and go up there it be -- Betty the stair . schaefer 's future right in the palm of my hand . e-20 gillis ' room Betty schaefer engage to artie Green , as nice he enter and turn on the a guy as ever live . light . he sink down on and she be in love with the chaise longue , think . I . I ! she be a fool his eye wander to the not to sense that there door of Norma 's room . be something phony in through the gouge - out key - my set-up . and I be a hole he see the light . heel not to have tell she . but you just can not say that thing to somebody you be crazy about . maybe I would never have to . maybe I could get away with it , get away from Norma . maybe I could wipe the whole nasty mess right out of my life ... from Norma 's room come the sound of a telephone be diall . gillis enter the shot and stand listen . norma' voice be this gladstone 0858 ? e-21 norma' bedroom Norma lie in bed , dial a number . she have the beauty patch at the corner of she eye and over she nose . norma can I speak to miss Betty schaefer ? she must be home by now . e- 22 a bedroom in betty' flat connie , a girl of Betty 's age with whom she share the flat , be on the phone . Betty , in a dress - gown , come from the bathroom , toothbrush in hand . connie ( Hand over mouthpiece ) Betty , here 's that weird - sounding woman again . betty what be this anyway ? ( take the phone ) this be Betty schaefer . e-23 norma at ihe phone norma miss schaefer , you must forgive I for call you so late , but I really feel it 's my duty . it 's about Mr. gillis . you do know Mr. gillis ? ... exactly how much do you know about he ? do you know where he life ? do you know how he life ? do you know what he life on ? e-24 betty at the phone betty who be you ? what do you want ? what business be it of yours anyway ? e-25 norma on the phone norma miss schaefer , I be try to do you a favor . I be try to spare you a great deal of misery . of course you may be too young to even suspect there be man of he sort ... norma ( cont would ) I do not know what he 's tell you , but he do not live with relative , nor with friend , in the usual sense of the word . ask he ... ask he again . during the latter part of she call , the door from gillis ' room have be push open and gillis have walk towards she . suddenly Norma sense he pre - sence and turn around . the telephone freeze in she hand . she try to hang it up . very calmly gillis take the receiver from she hand . gillis ( into phone ) that 's right , Betty , ask I again . this be Joe . e-26 betty on the phone betty Joe , where be you ? what 's this all about ? e-27 gillis on the phone Norma beside he . gillis or maybe it would be a better idea if you come over and see it for yourself . the address be 10086 . he hang up . Norma look up at he as he cross to the other end of the room and stand stare at she . the silence become unbearable . norma do not hate I , Joe . I do it because I need you . I need you as I never need you . look at I . look at my hand , look at my face , look under my eye . how can I go back to work if I be waste away under this torment ? you do not know what I have be through this last week . I get myself a revolver . you do not believe I , but I do , I do ! I stand in front of that mirror , only I could not make myself . it would not be norma ( cont would ) fair to all that people who be wait to see I back on the screen . I can not disappoint they . only , if I be to work , I need sleep , I need quiet , I need you ! do not just stand there hat I ! shout at I , strike I ! but do not hate I , Joe . do not you hear I , Joe ? gillis yes , I hear you . and I wish you would keep still so I can hear the doorbell when she ring it . e-28 betty and connie , drive in a SMALL coupe down ( night ) e-29 int . coupe connie be look at the house number . connie here 's ten thousand seventy - nine , Betty . it must be over there . Betty turn the car into the driveway of Norma 's place , stop at the entrance step . Betty get out . connie Betty , let I come along with you . please . betty no , I will be all right . she shut the door of the car and go up the step . e-30 norma' bedroom Norma lie on the bed . gillis sit in a far corner of the room , motionless . norma ( in a whimper monotone ) I love you , Joe . I love you , Joe . I love you , Joe . I love you , Joe . there be the sound of footstep below and the ringing of a doorbell . gillis rise . norma what be you go to do , Joe ? without a word , he leave the room . Norma raise herself on the bed , reach for a black negligee lie at the foot of it . as she do so , she dis - lodge she pillow a little , revealing a revolver hide beneath it . e-31 downstair hall , the desmond house ( dark ) Max cross the hall , put on he alpaca jacket . he turn on the light . outside stand Betty . from the staircase come - gillis ' voice it 's all right , Max . I will take it . max yes , sir . he stand back as gillis open the door . gillis hello , Betty . betty ( on the threshold ) I do not know why I be so scared , Joe . be it something awful ? gillis come on in , Betty , Betty enter . as he lead she into the live room , gillis put he arm around she shoulder . gillis ever be in one of this old Hollywood palazzo ? that 's from when they be make eighteen thou - sand a week , and no tax . careful of this tile , they be slippery . valentino use to dance here . betty this be where you live ? gillis you bet . betty whose house be it ? they have reach e-32 the live room gillis lead Betty in . gillis hers . betty whose ? gillis just look around . there 's a lot of she spread about . if you do not remember the face , you must have hear the name of Norma desmond . betty that be Norma desmond on the phone ? gillis want something to drink ? there 's always champagne on ice , and plenty of caviar . betty why do she call I ? gillis jealous . ever see so much junk ? she have the ceiling bring from Portugal . look at this . he pull the rope , show the projection screen under the picture . gillis her own movie theatre . betty I do not come here to see a house . what about Norma desmond ? gillis I be try to tell you . this be a enormous place . eight master bedroom . a sink tub in every bathroom . there 's a bowl alley in the cellar . it 's lonely here , so she get herself a companion . a very simple set - up : a older woman who be well - to- do . a young man who be not do too well ... can you figure it out yourself ? betty no . gillis all right . I will give you a few more clue . betty no , no ! I have not hear any of this . I never get that telephone call . I have never be in this house ... get you thing together . let 's get out of here . gillis all my thing ? all the eighteen suit , all the custom - make shoe and the eighteen dozen shirt , and the cuff -link and the platinum key - chain , and the cigarette case ? betty come on , Joe . gillis come on where ? back to a one- room apartment that I can not pay for ? back to a story that may sell and very possibly will not ? betty if you love I , Joe . gillis look , sweetie -- be practical . l have get a good thing here . a long-term contract with no option . I like it that way . maybe it 's not very admirable . well , you and artie can be admirable . betty Joe , I can not look at you any more . gillis nobody ask you to . Betty turn from he , to hide the fact that she be cry . gillis all right , baby . this way out . he lead she in the direction of the door . e-33 upper landing , desmond house sitting crouch behind the balustrade be Norma , peer down into e-34 the lower hall Betty and gillis have reach the entrance door . gillis open it . gillis good luck to you , Betty . you can finish that story on the way to Arizona . when you and artie get back , if the two of you ever feel like a swim , here 's the pool ... he switch on the light . e-35 the patio the light go on in the pool , which shine brilliant - ly in the dark garden . e-36 betty she do not even look . her eye fill with tear , she run down the entrance porch toward she car . e-37 the entrance hall gillis look after she , close the door . from the upper landing come the sound of soft sobbing . he look up . e-38 norma , on the upper landing gillis ascend the stair . norma thank you , Joe -- thank you , Joe . she try to take he hand to kiss it as he pass . he do not stop . Norma catch he coat . gillis move right on into he room . Norma lie on the floor look after he . she crawl toward a con - sole , pull herself up by it , start towards gillis ' door , pass a mirror , realize how she look , move back to the mirror and take the patch off she face and do a hasty job of remove the cream with she handkerchief , readjust she expression to a poor travesty of a smile and go to the door of gillis ' room . norma May I come in ? I have stop cry - ing . I be all right again . Joe , tell I you be not cross -- tell I everything be just as it be , Joe . she open the door . e-39 gillis ' room in the foreground , open on the bed , be a half - pack suitcase , gillis just put some of he old shirt in . Norma stand stare , speechless , for a second . gillis move out of the shot towards the closet . norma what be you do , Joe ? what be you do ? you be not leave I ? gillis yes , I be , Norma . norma no , you be not . ( Calling ) Max ! Max ! gillis Max be a good idea . he can help with my luggage . ( he gesture in the direction of the closet ) thanks for let I wear the handsome wardrobe . and thanks for the use of all the trinket . he take the cigarette case and throw it on the chaise longue . then he throw the lighter , the wrist watch , the platinum key -chain and the tie clip . gillis ( indicating the bureau ) the rest of the jewelry be in the top drawer . norma it 's yours , Joe . I give it to you . gillis and I would take it in a second , Norma -- only it 's a little too dressy for sit behind the copy desk in dayton , Ohio . norma this be nothing . you can have anything you want if you will only stay . what be it you want -- money ? gillis Norma , you would be throw it away . I do not qualify for the job , not any more . norma you can not do this ! Max ! Max ! ... I can not face life without you , and I be not afraid to die , you know . gillis that 's between you and yourself , Norma . norma you think I make that up about the gun ... she rush into she room . gillis close the suitcase calmly , notice that he be still wear some cuff - link Norma give he , take they off . Norma reappear in the door , carry the revolver . norma see , you do not believe I !.. now I suppose you do not think I have the courage ! gillis oh. sure -- if it would make a good scene . norma you do not care . do you ? but hundred of thousand of people will carel gillis wake up , Norma . you would be kill yourself to a empty house . the audience leave twenty year ago . now face it . during the precede . Max have enter . he stand listen , paralyze . norma that 's a lie ! they still want I ! gillis no , they do not . norma what about the studio ? what about De mille ? gillis he be try to spare you feeling . the studio want to rent you car . norma want what ? gillis De mille do not have the heart to tell you . none of we have have the heart . norma that 's a lie ! they want I , they want I ! I get letter every day ! gillis you tell she , Max . come on , do she that favor . tell she there be not go to be any picture -- there be not any fan letter , except the one you write yourself . norma that be not true ! Max ? max Madame be the great star of they all ... I will take Mr. gillis ' bag . he leave . norma you hear he . I be a star ! gillis Norma , grow up . you be a woman of fifty . there 's nothing tragic about be fifty - not unless you try to be twenty - five . norma I be the great star of they all . gillis Goodbye . Norma . norma no one leave a star . that make one a star . gillis pick up the typewriter and leave . norma you be not leave I ! e-40 staircase gillis descend with the typewriter . norma' voice Joe ! ... Joe ! there be the SOUND of a shot . the glass of the front door be shattered . gillis at the door open it and walk out , without look back . down the staircase rush Norma . a disorder wild - ness in the way she move . norma you be not leave I ! she hurry after gillis . e-41 patio ( night ) Dark except for light from the house and the luminousness of the light pool . gillis be crossing the patio towards the garage . he be carry the typewriter . he do not accelerate he step , although he have hear the shot . behind he Norma come from the light house . norma you be not leave I ! she shoot twice in rapid succession . gillis drop the typewriter . the shot have swing he around . he be now face Norma . she shoot he . this shot hit he in the belly . he double up , instinctively back away from she , plummet into the light pool . up the stone step from the garage rush Max . he see the situation , hurry towards Norma , who stand exultant in the strange light from the pool . norma star be ageless , be not they ? dissolve to : e-42 the patio Dawn be break . at the edge of the pool stand policeman , detective and police photographer . motorcycle policeman be hold off the mob which be try to storm the house . a lietuenant from the homicide Bureau leave the crowd around the pool and go into e-43 the lower hall , desmond house it be fill with a pandemonium of police officer , newspaper people , etc . who be keep from the upper floor by two policeman at the head of the stair . the lieutenant from the homicide Bureau go through the crowd to the telephone at the foot of the stair , pick up the phone and dial . lieutenant coroner 's office ? ... I want to speak to the coroner ... who 's on this phone ? e-44 the white telephone in norma' bedroom stand talk into it be hedda Hopper . miss hopper I be ! now get off , this be more important ... Times City desk ? hedda Hopper speak . I be talk from the bedroom of Norma desmond . do not bother with a rewrite man , take this direct . ready ? -- as day break over the murder house , Norma desmond , fame star of yesteryear , be in a state of complete mental shock ... the camera pan to another part of the bedroom , where Norma sit at a mirror , stare at herself blankly . firing question at she be the Captain of the holmby Hills division and the L.A. homicide squad . Max stand by faithfully . holmby hill captain you do not deny have kill this man , miss desmond ? head of homicide do you intend to kill he ? just answer I that . holmby hill captain be it a sudden quarrel ? have there be any trouble between you before ? head of homicide if it be a quarrel , how come you have the gun right there ? holmby hill captain this guy -- where do you meet he for the first time ? where do he come from ? who be he ? head of homicide do he have a wife ? do he have a girl friend ? do you know they ? holmby hill captain have he be try to blackmail you ? e-45 patio - ( dawn ) gillis ' voice the body of gillis well , this be where you come . be fished from here 's that pool again , the one the pool , put on a I always want . they must have stretcher , cover photograph I a hundred time . with a army blanket . then they get a couple of prun - two man from the ing hook from the garden and coroner 's office fished I out ever so gently . carry it towards funny how gentle people get with the coroner 's you once you be dead . they hearse , camera beach I , like a harpoon panning with they . baby whale , and start to check the damage , just for the record ... by this time the whole joint be jump -- cop , reporter , neighbor , passersby -- as much hoopdedoo as we get in Los Angeles when they open a Super market . even the newsreel guy come roaring in . here be a item everybody could have some fun with , the heartless so - and - so 's . what would they do to she ? even if she get away with it in court - crime of passion - tempo - rary insanity - that headline would kill she : forgotten Star a slayer -- aging actress -- yesterday 's glamour Queen ... e-46 norma' bedroom the interrogator be still fire question at Norma who sit lifeless , stare at herself . Max watch . head of homicide do the decease ever threaten you ? be you in fear of bodily injury ? holmby hill captain do you hate he ? have you ever think of do something like this before ? head of homicide be theft involved ? do you catch he try to steal something , or find he have steal something ? a police lieutenant have enter , go to the head of homicide . lieutenant the newsreel guy have arrive with the camera . head of homicide tell they to go fly a kite . this be no time for camera . a word have pierce the mist that surround Norma . norma cameras ? ... what be it , Max ? max the camera have arrive , Madame . norma they have ? thank you , Max . tell Mr. demille I will be on the set at once . Max flash a look at the head of homicide . head of homicide what be this ? max please ... holmby hill captain ( sotto voce , to head of homicide ) well , it 's one way to get she down stair . head of homicide okay . and let 's have the car right outside . 7-1 norma you will pardon I , gentleman . I have to get ready for my scene . she take a comb and run it through she hair , then start apply some wild makeup . e-47 staircase and lower hall Max make he way down the stair through the crowd of newsmen to the newsreel camera , which be be set up in the hall below . max be everything set up , gentleman ? be the light ready ? from the stairway come a murnur . they look up . Norma have emerge from the bedroom and come to the head of the stair . there be golden spangle in she hair and in she hand she carry a golden scarf . the police clear a path for she to descend . Press camera flash at she every step . Max stand at the camera . max be everything set up , gentleman ? cameraman just about . the portable light flare up and illuminate the staircase . max be the light ready ? 2 nd camera man all set . max quiet , everybody ! light ! be you ready , Norma ? norma ( from the top of the stair ) what be the scene ? where be I ? max this be the staircase of the palace . norma oh , yes , yes . they be below , wait for the princess ... I be ready . max all right . ( to cameramen ) camera ! ( to Norma ) action ! Norma arrange the golden gillis ' voice scarf ebout she and proudy so they be grind start to descend the stair - after all , that cam - case . the camera grind . era . life , which can everyone watch in awe . be strangely merciful , have take pity on Norma desmond . the dream she have clung to so des - perately have enfold she ... at the foot of the stair Norma stop , move . norma I can not go on with the scene . I be too happy . do you mind , Mr. demille , if I say a few word ? thank you . I just want to tell you how happy I be to be back in the studio make a picture again . you do not know how much I have miss all of you . and I promise you I will never desert you again , because after " salome " we will make another picture , and another and another . you see , this be my life . it always will be . there 's nothing else - just we and the camera and that wonderful people out there in the dark ... all right , Mr. demille , I be ready for my closeup . fade out . the end