sunshine v.01 copyright Alex garland January 2004 OPEN on : ext . the s' ace of t! SUN it never coalesc . it 's something we can not quite comprehend . too much power , too massive , too ancient . the image boil and rage , and be completely hypnotic . the noise be overwhelming . over this , the title : sunshine ext 's +» . the curve of the sun against the dark of space , where solar flare arc thousand of mile , before the vast gravity of the star pull they back ... ext . space -.. now ten of million of mile distant from the star , where the sound of fission and countless roll nuclear detonation be silence by the vacuum ... ext . icarus ii +++ a spaceship be head towards the sun . the ship be curve and organic in its design , with bulky flank that look as if they can detach from the rest of the vessel . most strike of all , the ship be cover in mirrore panel , similar to fish scale . the mirrore panel cover the entire surface of the ship , except for the window portal , and a geodesic dome situate towards the back . this portal and the dome be construct with a thick half - mirrore glass . the distance involved be so huge between the ship and the sun that it hardly seem to be move . but as we get closer , and we see space dust and particle flash past or collide with the huli , detonate and burn under the impact and friction , we realise that in fact the ship be travel at a extraordinarily fast speed . on the spaceship 's side be its name : icarus ii . ir reat I ! room in the recreation room of the icarus ii , two man sit either side of a small table , arm fold , they face a picture of deep think . the first , and older , of this two man be captain asher . the icarus ii be under he command . he 's a career astronaut . implacable , calm , experience . the young of the two man be capa . capa be a career physicist . in contrast to asher , capa be thin , young , nervy , and look unkempt . he have a couple of week beard - growth , and he hair be a bedraggle . between they be a chess board - sparse piece , scattered . the end game . silence . no movement from either of they . the moment be hold . and hold . finally , capa puff out he cheek and expelsa loud sigh . he reach for he king , and tip it over . he have resigned . asher nod . asher good game . they shake hand . capa check he watch . capa Three and a half hour . asher a long one . capa really take it out of you . all that concentration . asher it do . a moment . ' then silently both man start to reset the board to play again . ent . oxygen garden corazon , a woman in she early thirty , a biologist , kneel beside a tall tree fern , use secateur to trim away dead frond . in fact , she be surround by fern , of all species and size . the ground be a carpet of moss . corazon look as if she be in a prehistoric jungle , except that above she be a geodesic dome , behind which be outer space and the constellation of star . it . fligh ' eck on the flight deck of the icarus ii , two more astronaut sit in front of they instrument panel , which glitter with back - light display and switch . - this be mace and cassie - flight crew , in the pilot and co- pilot seat . but '' neither have they seat-straps on , or look like they be do much in the way of piloting . mace have he seat recline , and be doze with he chin on he chest and he foot propped up on the instrument panel . cassie be read a book . the book be lady chatterly's lover . mace stir in he sleep , and he foot shift ... «+. flick a switch to ' off ' position with he heel . cassie , engross in she novel , have not notice . ccyyrere oo nothing happen for a couple of moment . then : electronic voice warning . coolant from port stabiliser redirected to rear : engine . no extra coolant in rear > engine ' require . recommend coolant redirection be cancel . cassie , unconcern , not look up from she book : cassie Fine . the switch flick itself back . electronic voice coolant redirection cancel . cassie do not bother to respond ... «+. but do reach out with she hand to swipe at mace 's leg . grumbling through he sleep , mace take he foot off the instrument panel , and roll over on to he side . int . sleeping quarter another two crew be asleep in they bunk , visible only as silhouettes behind they frost - glass privacy partition . we can not see they , but the name on they bunk read : harvey and trey . int . observation room the observation room be three wall and a huge window . the room be at the most forward position of the icarus ii , therefore this window face the sun . but the window be darken greatly . the sun be only visible as a dull orange orb surround by blackness . the room itself be only light by the dull orange ... '' ++ but in the gloom , sit on the observation couch , face the window , we can see a man . searle - the doctor and psychiatrist of icarus ii . searle icarus . + the electronic voice , the voice of icarus , reply icarus yes , Doctor searle . searle please re-filter the observation room portal . tcarus filter up or down , Doctor searle ? searle up - «+ . and the light level dial up . the room brighten considerably . we can see searle clearly now . he be the oldest crew -member - in he mid-forty . he gaze at the sun , fascinate . though still distant , the star be much larger and closer than we have ever see it on Earth . searle be as hypnotise by the sight as we be during the open sequence . searle icarus - how close be this to full brightness ? icarus at this distance of thirty six million mile , you be observe the sun at two percent of full brightness . — searle ( smile ) two percent ... can you show I four percent ? icarus four percent would result in irreversible damage to you retinas . however , you could observe three point one percent , for a period of not longer than thirty second . a moment . ° searle icarus - please change filter to three point oné percent . a amazing blast of bleach brightness fill the room . searle suck in a gasp , like a man diving into ice water . fade to white . not . in the mess , the entire crew of icarus ii be sit down to eat . . searle sit with capa and corazon . searle it 's invigorate . it 's like take a shower . in light . capa sound weird . searle it be . you lose yourself a little . corazon like a floatation tank . searle actually , no . for psych -test on deep space , I have run many sensory deprivation trial , testing total darkness in floatation tank . the point about darkness be : you float in it . you and the darkness be distinct from each other because darkness be a vacuum , a absence of something , whereas we be something . searle pause . searle but total light - it envelope you . it swallow you up . it become you . searle laugh . searle anyway . it 's very strange .. I recommend it . mace be pass with he tray of food . mace what 's strange be , you be the psych -- officer on this ship , and I be clearly a lot saner than you . now following mace ... -+- who sit with asher , cassie and harvey . mace so - in case you have not notice ... asher I have . the solar wind read be higher than we would anticipate at this distance , all look to harvey ~ comm officer . harvey for the moment , we can still send : package message back . High frequency burst will rise above — the interference , and the moon station will pick they up okay ... ( beat ) but it 's possible that within forty eight hour we will not be able to communicate at all . asher possible ? harvey probable . cassie give a little shiver . cassie we will be on we own . mace shrug . mace we be fifty five million mile from Earth . we be already on we own . '' > all in the mess room have now fall quiet . they listen to asher speak . asher we be all expect this . no great drama - we be just fly into the dead - zone seven day earlier than we think . but if any of you be plan on send a final message home , you might want to get on it now . int . comm cubicle capa sit in a small cubicle , face a screen , which show he own face look back at he . the image on the screen be freeze , and of low resolution . the door to the cubicle be clear glass , and behind it we can see the communication CENTER . in the comm Center be mace , trey and harvey . they be talk , but the glass door be fully soundproofed and we can not hear what they be say . capa hit a button on the console in front of.him , and the image on the screen begin to play . capa recording well . mum and dad . I hope you be proud of you son , save mankind and so on . do not be hard on my big sister just because she be not save mankind . listen - be a full - time housewife make she just as deserve of you love and respect as I . ( beat ) . do I mention I be save mankind ? ( beat ) sis - guess what ? I miss you cooking . I hope maxwell be do okay . kiss the kid from I . and kiss John too . ( more ) 10 . capa recording ( cont have ) } a big kiss , right on lip . with tongue . I know he like that . ( beat ) it take about eight minute for light to travel from the sun to Earth . which mean you will know if we succeed about eight minute after we deliver the payload . all + you have to do be look out fora little extra brightness in the sky . so if you wake up one morning , and it 's a particularly beautiful day ... ( shrug ) «+. you will know we make it . ( beat ) see you in a couple of year . " the recording end . capa look at he freeze face a couple more moment . his ~ finger hover midway between two button on the console : delete and send . he press ' send '. ext . icarus ii icarus iI fly through space . with a effect similar to Northern light , the glow of the solar wind kick up and flicker around the hull . int . ob ! ation ro : corazon enter the observation room . it be extremely bright . she wince , shield she eye . corazon icarus , dial it down a little , will you ? icarus yes , corazon . the light fade to a lower level , revealing something that be too bright to see previously ... sit on the observation couch be captain asher . li. his eye be wide , a little glaze . he look almost in a trance . corazon +++ Captain ? asher blink , and rub at he eye . corazon I be guess you have be talk to searle . asher look towards corazon , and seem to take a few moment to actually see she . asher . do you send a package back ? corazon : I do . to my husband . you ? asher I say my goodby before I leave . corazon I do not realise I be say goodbye . asher smile perfunctorily . asher how be the fern hold up ? corazon Fine . very high productivity . in -. fact , they productivity be go up - it will tail off dramatically when we get nearer . but in truth , we already have the reserve to make it there , and quarter - way back . ( beat ) : you be think about icarus one . asher say nothing . corazon whatever it be that trip they up , I can tell you it be not lack of oxygen . not on the outward journey , at any rate . 12 . asher I '1 ) tick it off my list . int . comm CENTER close up on : ‘> the face of capa and mace . they be right next to each other , temple crush together . both man be strain , tooth gritt , eye blaze . it take a moment to realise they be fighting in the communication CENTER . mace - much bigger and stronger than capa - have capa in a headlock . | mace suddenly swing capa around in a judo throw and slam he hard onto the floor . then he 's on capa , swinging he fist , punch capa in the face ... then he 's be haul off by harvey and trey . trey mace ~ what the Hell be you do ? mace ( struggle , yell at capa ) Little fuck prick ! mother fucker ! harvey and trey pin mace against the wall as capa scramble backwards . harvey mace ! cut it out ! mace he take three quarter of a fuck hour in there ! now the fuck wind be too high for I to send my package home ! capa ( wiping blood off he mouth and nose ) ( more ) 13 . capa ( cont would ) I be sorry ! I do not realise I be take so long ! mace - I have get kid ! what if I never get a chance to talk to they again ? capa I be sorry ! I be sorry ! > int. mo CENTER mace sit opposite searle . mace be nursing he knuckle in one hand , breathe hard . silence between the two man . eventually : mace so how do this work ? searle say nothing . mace be I suppose to tell you about my childhood ? int . captain 's quarter asher sit in he captain quarter . - he 's look at a screen . on the screen , we can see it be a live feed from the mo CENTER , where mace be talk to searle . asher ' S face be blank , unreadable as he listen in on what mace be say ... mace one way to look at it be one flare - up in sixteen month be not bad . we be human , right ? this be what we do . we ... make mistake . ( beat ) it do not matter how high the stake , no matter how hard you try ... ( beat ) . I mean - look at we . ( more ) 14 , mace ( cont would ) we be the key component part of the most important action that man have ever undertake . but capa decide he do not want to shave or cut he hair . : I fall asleep on duty . cassie read the same book over and over . Asher stare at a chess board all day . and corazon talk 'o to she plant ... ( beat ) sixteen month be a long time . ( beat ) but I mess up . mace turn to look directly at the screen - and we realise he know he be be watch . : mace - mo it be not go to happen again . int . recreation room capa sit alone . his lip be split , but the cut be small and have dry over . mace enter . capa look round . a moment between they . capa mace . I really be sorry . I should have let you go first , and ... mace ( cut in ) hey . it 's I . I be the one _ apologise , okay ? capa eee okay . mace sit opposite capa . mace searle tell I why I lose my temper . apparently I have get unresolved anger issue with my dad . a beat . 15 . capa ++. really ? mace no . it turn out I be just a fuck idiot . int . CO ! nte . harvey sit in the comm CENTER . we can hear the fuzz sound of radio static . but behind the static be another noise ~ looping , arcing tone and pitch . this be the sound of the interference cause by solar wind . harvey be check through digital frequency . the intensity of the static in relation to the solar wind vary , but neither can be cancel entirely . harvey speak into a microphone . harvey icarus two to Moon station . this package time at fifteen thirty two , day four hundred and eight four , comm delay at five minute and seventeen second . total radio silence now for four hour and eleven minute . please respond . Long beat . - harvey icarus two to Moon station . this package time at fifteen thirty three , day four eight four , comm delay at five minute and seventeen second . total radio silence now for four hour and ... harvey break off . harvey twelve minute . Long beat . harvey please respond . 16 . Long beat . harvey ( quiet ) okay . {beat} . Moon station . this be icarus two . sign out . harvey hit a button and the sound of the static cut dead . now we can only hear the solar wind . the noise be strange , abstract but almost melodic . harvey remain sit in he chair , listen . ex®. icarus it hear the solar wind , see the northern light effect ... -.- leok down through the geodesic dome , where corazon kneel by she plant ... then look straight up at we ... cut to : ext , icarus IL -+- look back at the nose of icarus ii , where , in the very center of the nose , we can see the portal to the observation room ... . -+ where searle sit , look out at we , bath in light . int . flight deck cassie sit in the pilot 's seat . her dog -ear copy of lady chatterly 's lover be face down on the console , fold open about two third through the text . she have a wide portal in front of she , similar to the portal to the observation room , but this be cluttere with the symbol and reading of a head up display . behind she , trey - the navigation Officer - sit at a back - light navigation display . 17 . cassie wow . trey do not look around . he be deep engross in calculation and reading . cassie . Trey . you want to see something ? . no response . cassie Trey ! trey ( distract ) what ? cassie do you want to see something ? trey look around . cassie come here . look . trey stand and walk over , and look where cassie be indicate ... see at the portal , which show the sun , and the clutter of the hud display . trey what be I suppose to be see ? the radiation level ? Hull temperature ? cassie no . she hit a few switch , and the hud display vanish ... cassie there . '' + + revealing , against one curve of the sun , a silhouett sphere . some way distant - a planet . cassie mercury . 18 . close in on the view of MERCURY through the portal . ext . - rcury stun view of the sun-blast planet ... «+. in space ... +-» illuminate by the sun ... + ++ then MERCURY and icarus ii and the SUN behind . int . comm CENTER harvey sit in he chair , doze with he chin on he chest .. we notice harvey have a few day stubble show . over the speaker be the sound of the solar wind . then , through the noise we hear : faintly , a steady series of regularly space tene . on , off , on , off . close up on harvey nos face . hear the noise through he sleep ... +.. waking . int , briefing room the crew be filing into the briefing room ... a plain room with a monitor screen on one wall , and a conference table ... + ++ where asher , searle and harvey be already sit . we notice that : capa be beard and hair be a longer , and he be more bedraggle . mace have cut he hair very short . corazon have earth and dirt embed under she fingernails , into she fingerprint . 19 . searle be wear sunglass with extremely dark black - out lense , and he skin be reddene and peel slightly . asher and searle wait in silence while the other take they seat ... ++» and when they have take they seat , asher stand . asher okay . asher take another moment as they settle . asher okay - here it be . as you be all aware , we have just enter orbit with mercury , where we will be make a single full pass in order to make use of the planet 's gravity as a sling - shot velocity boost for the final leg . ( beat ) you will also be aware that we have now be out of all communication with moon station for fifty six day . asher turn to harvey . asher harvey - you want to pick this up ? harvey nod . harvey twenty three hour ago , while make a routine check of the comm system ... mace laugh dryly . mace while listen to you space music . harvey ignore this . harvey ++. while scan the frequency , I hear a transmission . all react - include mace. 20 . harvey it be hard to filter through the high background interference , but after a little time and effort , I manage to clean it up . ( beat ) - icarus . please play the audio ts file . icarus yes , harvey . over the speaker system , the audio file begin to play . as before , we hear the regularly space tone come through the static and solar wind . harvey end file . the audio file stop . mace what be it ? harvey it 's the icarus one . and that sound be they distress beacon . stun silence in the briefing room . then : cassie Jesus . trey it 's impossible . it 's seven year since ... a harvey ( cut in ) it 's clearly not impossible because you can hear the beacon with you own ear . cassie be you say they be alive ? asher we do not know . corazon but we know that they could be - 21 . all eye on corazon . corazon they oxygen be self - replenishing . Water be recycle . they have all the solar power they need . mace > what about food ? no way they supplies could have last seven year . asher speak again . a beat . asher that depend . they have food supplies to cover eight people for three year . . _ mace that 's a four year shortfall . one Hell of a diet . asher only if you be feed eight . we do not know what happen to icarus one . there might have be a accident . or something else . there might not have be eight mouth to feed . then capa speak for the first time . capa I have a question . asher yes . capa do we know where they be ? a glance between asher and searle . searle well do , capa . that be the question . asher we do know . yes. 22 . the monitor screen behind asher light up , to show a graphic of : the SUN , MERCURY , and icarus ii . asher . icarus . please plot we trajectory '' . follow the sling - shot around mercury . . the trajectory appear . asher now plot the source of the icarus one beacon . a icon appear between mercury and the Sun . . it be close to - but not on - the trajectory course . : cassie oh my God . we be go to pass right by they . asher within twenty or thirty thousand mile . corazon we will be . able to see they . asher through the scope . yes . cassie be eye suddenly well up . trey but ... _ searle ( quick ) yes ? trey well - I have need to look at all of this pretty carefully . very carefully . but ... if I have to make a guess right now ... ( take a deep breath ) I have say we could adjust we trajectory . we could fly straight to they . all eye mace ( fast , firm ) but . we be not go to . on mace . mace just to make it absolutely clear . there be literally no way we be go to do that . all eye still on mace . he scan the face in front of he . they be . mace what ? you want I to-spell it out ? we have a payload to deliver to the heart of we nearest star . we be deliver that payload because the star be die . and if it die , we all die . everything die . so that be we mission . and there be nothing - literally nothing - more important than complete the mission . end of story . trey he 's right . mace what do you mean : 's he 's right 's ? of course I be ' right 's . be anyone here seriously think otherwise ? searle May I put a counter argument ? mace no! searle Captain ? asher go ahead . searle it would , of course , be absurd to alter we course to assist the crew of the icarus one . ( more ) 23. and clearly , some of silence . 24 . searle ( cont would ) even if we know that some or even all of the crew still alive , they life be entirely expendable when see in the context of we mission . as be we own life . mace exactly ! ts searle / but . there be something on the icarus one that may be worth the detour . as you point out , mace , we have a payload to deliver . ' a' payload , singular . and everything about the delivery and effectiveness of that payload be entirely theoretical . simply put , we do not know if it 's go to work . but what we do know be this . {beat ) if we have two payload , we would have two chance . harvey you be assume we would be able to pilot icarn one . searle yes . trey which be assume that whatever stop they complete the miséion be not a fault or damage to the spaceship . searle yes . mace that 's a lot of assumption . - searle it be . it 's a risk assessment . the question be , do the risk of the detour outweigh the benefit of a extra payload . mace glance around the table . 25 . cassie eye be shine with tear for the crew of icarus one . harvey , trey and corazon be with mace . asher be unreadable . searle be behind shade . . io capa be undecided . , mace we will have a vote . searle no . we will not . because we be not a democracy . we be a collection of astronaut and scientist . so we will make the most inform decision available to we . mace make by you , by any chance ? asher make by the person best qualified to understand the complexity of the payload delivery . in this instance , we physicist . all look to capa . capa ( under he breath ) shit . int recreation room capa stand alone in the recreation room , in front of a billiard table . the table be empty except for two white cue ball , position at the top end of the table , next to each other . take the cue , capa bend down and take ... ++. a ambitious shot with the first cue ball come off three cushion , eventually roll towards the bottom right pocket . . and the ball miss by a fraction . it rattles a little in the jaw , and do not drop . 26 . capa look at the second cue ball , blank - face . int . capa 's bunk capa lie in he ’bunk , frost privacy partition pull down . he be wide awake , stare atthe ceiling just a metre above he nose . attach to the ceiling be a hologram - photo of he pet dog , maxwell . on the frame of the hologram - photo be a single red button . capa press it . noiselessly , maxwell bark and wag he tail . at that moment - ~ a figure appear behind the frost partition , and suddenly the partition slide up . revealing mace behind it , he face twisted in fury . mace you stupid fu - cur to : T. I 0 : ir the icarus ii , fly fast away from the planet MERCURY . int . oxygen garden capa stand in the fern , gaze into the foliage , thousand yard stare . he think he be alone . but he be not . a few foot away , cassie be watch he . something - intuition - make he turn , and he see she . capa hey. 27 . cassie hey. ( beat ) I just want to let you know , I think you make the right choice . capa mace do not . and I be guess ~ harvey and Trey do not either . cassie shrug . cassie but I do . cur t0 : not . GI capa and cassie be make love in a area of the oxygen Garden . it 's passionate - but seem very much lead and control by cassie rather than capa . a noise in the foliage distract capa . he break off from a kiss and turn to check the source of the noise . he can not see anything or anyone there . cassie put a hand on he cheek and direct he back to she lip . - capa break away again . capa cassie ~ we nre contraven about twenty different directive and ... cassie ( cut in ) good . she silence he with she kiss , and capa relent . int . mess the atmosphere in the mess be very subdued , and not all crew be there . 28 . mace , trey be searle be absent . cassie be stand by the food dispenser , fill she tray . corazon and harvey sit together , and , separate by the four empty place , be asher and capa . capa watch cassie get she food . when she turn , she see he gaze , and give he a smile . it 's bright and friendly , but have a subtle blankness that be not miss by capa . the moment be not resolve , because suddenly , abruptly , a alarm be sounding . iccarus all flight crew report immediately to flight deck . a freeze beat - then suddenly everyone be jump to they foot and run for the door . int . flicgr?r deck all except searle arrive at the flight deck , to find mace and trey check a hologram schematic of the icarus ii . asher what 's go on ? trey {ashen - face ) I fuck up . mace — it 's not you who fuck up . if we be not straying from the mission ... trey it 's my responsibility . asher ( firm ) Trey - just cut to it . trey I double and triple - check all consideration to the route change . ( more ) 29 . trey ( cont would ) it all work out , so I set the new coordinate and ... put we on we way . asher so what 's the problem ? trey swallow nervously . '' trey > we new trajectory change we : angle of approach to the sun by one point one degree . and harvey be a step ahead . harvey you do not reset the shield to the new angle . a beat . harvey Jesus Christ , Trey . how could you have fail to do that ? all eye on trey . trey I ... trey break off as if he can hardly believe the answer himself . then , helplessly : trey ++. I forget . silénce . trey ( stammer ) my ... head be full of velocity and fuel calculation , and a million different ... ( snap , freaking out ) I forget , ail right ? it happen ! people do shit ! they get stress and they fuck up ! and I fuck up ! asher step in . 30 . asher ( take control ) enough ! everyone just take a moment here ! Trey — deep breath . the fact be , we be still alive . a hole have not burn in the side of the ship , and we do not have a ten thousand degree climate . so how bad be this ? what 's the actual damage ? behind mace be the hologram schematic . mace we do not know . icarus try to feset the shield independently when the alarm trigger . but all the sensor up there burn out , so we have no idea of the state of the affect area . ( beat ) the only way we be go to find out be to go out there . a moment . asher so that 's what we be go to do . I will get suite up . harvey it 's a two man job . asher as second in command , you be not go anywhere . '' mace 4 then I would like to volunteer . ~ asher Fine . '' mace 4 I have like to volunteer capa . '' a moment . / 4 capa look over at mace , who meet the gaze completely 4 straight and even . capa 4 okay . 31 . capa be courage be betrayed by the trickle of sweat that escape he hairline . capa okay . I 'il do it . int rlock y asher and capa suit up . we can see it impossible to put the suit on alone . in gravity , the suit be too bulky and awkward in the gravity ef the spaceship . it be necessary to be assist . asher be assist ‘by harvey , capa by cassie . every part of the suit be make of a strange mirrore material - every surface reflect , cause strange distortion where the stiff suit material be ripple or fold . cassie you have be through this a thousand time in barth orbit training . capa ( tight , scared ) yeah . cassie you be go to be fine . capa nod . he 's look straight into cassie 's eye like he want she to say -someth else . something personal , or ... clunk . the heavy mirrore helmet be drop over capa '’s head and a suck of pressurise air lock the rim into place ... +--+ leave a reflection of cassie 's face where capa 's have be . cassie lock the helmet in to place by put she hand either side of the helmet and pull down sharply , activate lock clasp around the neck ring . 32 . q flight deck mace sit in the pilot 's seat . corazon stand behind the cassie 's copilot seat . . ; mace S : okay , icarus . I be go to be take manual control here for a while . icarus yes , mace . mace . I be go to be cut speed . '' . then I be go to be rotate we so that the damage area be face away from the sun . do we understand each other ? icarus yes , mace . behind mace , trey sit by the navigation table . close up on Trey 's face as mace say : mace please adjust shield to allow for the rotation . trey close he eye . T. s$ it icarus ii rotate slowly . '' a amazing sight as : --. the ship rotate , and the mirrore scale ripple , all move independently , direct themselves to best reflect the sun 's blaze . int . airlock asher and capa be alone in the airlock , fully suite . harvey and cassie watch from the outside , as ... 33. mace ( over radio link ) okay . I be open up . asher we be set . the airlock open to outer space . ext . icarus it on the dark , shade side of icarus ii , asher and capa emerge . all conversation be hear over radio link . asher Asher , check , helmet - cam fully operational ? NI . flight deck the hud vanish to show two image - live feed from camera on the helmet of asher and capa . mace affirmative . good image . capa ( over radio link ) capa , check , helme - mace ( interrupt ) affirmative . — asher okay . break it up , you two . move down to investigate damage area . ext . icarus it asher and capa move down icarus ii , away from the airlock ... revealing ... asher we get it . '' + + the damage . 34 . on one area of ship , the mirrore scale be freeze in half - upright position - where the other be all flat to the side of the ship . asher can you guy see this ? i E mace ( over radio link ) we see it . asher the mechanism be all burn out . but it look like icarus catch it quick enough to prevent a hull breach . capa what do you think ? asher well - let 's see . asher move over to one of the half~upright scale - which give we a clear sense of proportion of the size of the ship , as the scale be as tall as he be - and take out a tool from a utility pouch on he suit . like everything else , the tool be perfectly mirrore on every surface . capa watch as asher work on the scale . asher cut or release something . the scale move to a fully upright position . this allow asher to manoeuvre the bulky space - suit to reach -- the mechanism underneath . he work inside ... «.. then asher push himself backwards as slowly the huge scale begin to return to the side of icarus ii . asher mace . head for my quarter and check the bottom drawer . you will find a bottle of champagne . mace ( over radio link ) you can do it ? 35 . asher it will take a while , but - yeah . we can do it . over radio link - the sound of cheer . asher oa , all right , capa . you get they up , and I will get they down . exe . icarus if the sun and solar-wind blast side of icarus ii . and we see that now , face the sun , be the mirrore glass of the geodesic dome . ' and beneath the dome , the plant bath in bleach light . fligh c. mace and corazon have be join by harvey and cassie , who have take she place in the copilot 's seat . '' all be watch the asher and capa helmet - cam . . asher and capa be close to complete they task . there be three freeze scale remain . two have be make fully upright by capa , and one be still half - upright . cassie look backwards and see trey at the navigation table . harvey good work , guy . cassie hey . Trey . stop beat yourself up . we have get this ... and suddenly , the alarm have start again . mace hit a button and the alarm stop . mace icarus ? icarus resuming computer control of icarus two. 36 . mace and cassie exchange a glance . mace negative , icarus . manual control . . icarus negative , mace . Computer control . returning vessel to original > rotation . mace what the fuck ? cassie icarus - override computer control to manual . icarus negative . asher ( over radio link ) what 's go on here guy ? we be move ... icarus Mission in jeopardy . override command statement one -oh-oh-one - ch - one . manual flight control remove . mace negative , icarus ! please state reason immediately ! the picture on the monitor change from the helmet - cam to show a weird and freakish image . a jungle envelop in a raging blaze . icarus Fire in oxygen garden . ext . icarus it capa move away as the last half - upright scale be release and move to the fully upright position . he look around and watch as icarus ii slowly rotate ... and see ... 37 . .+. as the ship be rotate , the area take the full impact of the sun and solar - wind be move around to they position . capa Asher . we need to ... asher + can not . asher be work fast , but he voice be calm . asher can not leave upright panel . certain hull breach . we will all die . capa start work on the panel he just get to the upright position . . silence between the two man . Broken intermittently by snatch broadcast over the radio link . shout , swear word - what sound like corazon scream . which then cut out , leave silence again . at the same moment , both capa and asher 's panel start to move back to the down position ... leave only one remain . both move towards it . asher be nearer . he get there first . capa look back over he shoulder . the solar wind and sunlight be move closer , and now we SEC . +. +e» that very shortly , the light will have reach the airlock , meaning that the two man will be trap on the outside of the hull . asher ( not look round ) go. capa Captain . 38 . asher go. capa still do not move . silence . then capa start to head back . we follow capa ... in silence , back along icarus ii towards the airlock . when capa reach the airlock , the sunlight and solar- wind be only a few metre away . he look back and see ... asher move away from the panel , as it start to drop to the down position . asher turn towards capa . . the two man look at each other down the length of icarus ii . asher do not move . he know it be pointless . capa enter the airlock . cur to : int . flight deck mace and cassie , freeze , watch the monitor image of asher be head - cam . CUT to : gen en the plant be all burn to blacken stump and ash . Water drift down from the sprinkler system like rain . corazon stand in the middle of the destruction , tear roll down she face . cur to : 39 . ex ?. icarus ii asher wait motionless as the sunlight and solar wind move towards he . cur to : int. '' sbarle watch the helmet - cam on a monitor in the mo - center . searle be a extremely strange sight . he be not wear the black - lens sunglass , and where the sunglass would be he skin’ be pale white . but the rest of he face be badly sun - burn , red , peel . 's coe searle ( intense ) can you see it ? . inst her 's asher 's face as he watch the sunlight get closer . searle ( over radio link ) can you see it ? exp . icarus it the sunlight have almost reach asher . it "s only a metre away . he could reach out and touch it ... + ++ and he do . his hand lift , move into the area of light , and be immediately ignite like a magnesium strip . asher keep he hand there , stare at finger that glow like light bulb filament , impossibly bright . asher oh God ... 40 . int . airlock capa be in the airlock . his helmet be off . he have collapse against the airlock door , and sly down to the floor . > asber ( faint , over radio link ) god. beat . asher ( faint , over radio link ) go- - the link cut . ext . it asher be whole figure be blaze with the white - hot brightness . you can hardly tell the figure be ever aman . in second , the fierce glow have burn away entirely , and absolutely nothing of asher remain . fade to : int . briefing room . all crew except trey be in the briefing room . silence . '' then barvey speak . harvey the breakdown be as follow . as second in command , I be now the captain of icarus two . ( beat ) . Trey be sedate in the med-center . Dr searle have diagnose he as a suicide risk . and have see he , . I do not think any of we would question that diagnosis . ( beat ) ( more ) 41 . harvey ( cont have ) thanks to both Asher and capa , we shield be intact . as be the payload . we do not have a problem there . harvey let that sink in a moment before the bombshell , harvey but the fern garden be totally destroy . in addition , a large amount of oxygen be burn in the fire . as it stand now , we have do not have enough oxygen reserve to get we to we payload delivery point , let alone to survive the return journey . harvey pause . - harvey we now have no choice but to rendezvous with icarus one . there remain the possibility that the ship be largely intact . there be a secondary possibility that we could salvage what be leave of they oxygen garden . as it stand , if we be go to complete the mission , the icarus one be now we only hope . ext . 1 Zz icarus ii fly through space . it. captain be ou : ss capa enter asher 's quarter . on asher 's desk be a open book : fischer versus spassky there be also a hologram - photo of a family . capa pick the hologram - photo up and look at it . he press the red button on the hologram - photo 's frame ... --+ and the family smile and wave . as capa look at the photo , we also see a lock cabinet on the wall of Asher 's private room , glass -fronted . 42. Inside the cabinet be a handgun . int . mo CENTER capa be sit watch ' trey . trey be in a glass cubicle , lie on 'a bed , asleep . a hiss as the door to the med-centexr open . capa lock round . it 's cassie . cassie where 's searle ? capa most likely burn he eye out in the observation room . cassie ( of Trey ) how be he ? capa shrug . capa give the tranquillisers in he system , I have say he 's probably the happiest crew member on the ship . cassie walk over to trey 's isolation cubicle and look inside . capa you still think I make the right vm decision ? cassie turn this question over a few moment before replying . . cassie I do not fuck yon because I think you make the right decision . I fuck you because it be something I need at that moment . capa I be not ask you as a pick -up. line . ( more ) 43 . capa ( cont would ) I just want to know if you still feel I make the right decision . cassie no. I do not . of course I do not . do you ? silence . cassie corazon say something earlier . capa wait . cassie she say harvey have make a mistake xegard the lack of oxygen . she say icarus one be not we only hope . . ( beat ) there 's not . enough oxygen to get all of we to the payload delivery point . but if there be fewer crew -member , we would get there fine . capa laugh - with surprise more than anything . capa be you suggest we let Trey kill himself ? a moment . cassie actually , Trey would not be enough . we have need to lose two more . ~ capa be face - have he just be threaten ? and cassie answer the question for he . cassie no . I be not invite you to commit suicide with Trey . of we all , you be the one who 's most need to supervise the delivery of the payload . I be just tell you what corazon say . JI think you ought to know . cassie make to leave . capa cassie . 44 . cassie stop in the open door frame . capa who do corazon say it to ? cassie me. x ( beat ) + and mace . ext . icarus I icarus I float in space . a similar design to icarus ii , but older , rougher . it seem derelict , lifeless . but as we move around the ship , we see the geodesic dome , and inside it , thick greenery . and between the greenery , what look like a internal light . then , continue around the ship , revealing ... icarus ii , sun -lit , close in on icarus I at approach speed . int . atrlock arrive half - way inte a stand - up row between harvey and mace in the airlock . mace he 's lose he shit , harvey . he 's a worse liability than Trey . and there 's no way I be go in there — with he . as mace shout , he be jabbing he finger at searle , who be sit quietly , impassively ... --- and listen rather than watch . he be wear he shade , and he head be tilt to direct he ear rather than gaze towards the argument . mace look at he for Christ 's sake . his skin be fall off he bone , . he 's half blind ! what good be he go to do ? 45 . harvey if there be anyone leave alive on - icarus one , they may need the attention of a doctor . mace right . a doctor . not a quack . harvey mace - I be go in there . and : he 's go in there . and so be you . mace not with he . harvey with he . and here 's why . : because I be the captain of this ship , and I be commander of this mission , and I be give you a direct order . a moment . mace ( quiet ) jesus. close up on searle ... +++ a8 searle smile ~ and the skin of he blister lip crack , run a tiny rivulet of blood into he mouth . ex ? , . 2 IL gracefully , icarus ii be docking with icarus I . icarus I be motionless in space , so all the manoeuve be do by icarus ii . slowly , they airlock be bring to face each other ... ... then bring together . int . flight do cassie sit in the pilot 's seat . capa be in the copilot 's seat . corazon watch behind . pause . a beat . silence . 46 . cassie okay . we be lock on . icarus , please establish contact with icarus I computer system . icarus / contact fail . Computer system of ~ icarus I have be disabled . ° cassie how ? a malfunction or a accident ? have it be deliberately shut down ? icarus reason unknown . impossible to establish the cause remotely . cassie be there power on icarus 1 ? icarus there be power on icarus i. solar harvest at full capacity , without detectable malfunction . corazon what ' 's the atmosphere ? icarus oxygen rich . fully breathable and life-supporting . capa be it support any life ? icarus unknown . impossible to establish xemotely . cassie harvey , mace , searle . do you get all that ? harvey {over radio link ) we get it . 47 . cassie so you hear she . it 's breathable . in you own time , you be good to go . int . I I / airloc : Inside the azrlock of icarus I . the design of the interior of icarus I be similar to icarus iz , but feel slightly more date , clearly a earlier model . the airlock be dark , half - light ... + ++ until the airlock open , revealing the bright interior of the icarus ii airlock , and the three man about to board . each carry flashlight , which also hold ... int . flight deck ++. a flashlight -cam , which be watch by capa , cassie and corazon on the flight deck monitor . mace Weil . do not look like there 's a welcoming party . int . icarus I / airlock the three sweep they flashlight beam around - the dark airlock . harvey sae the air taste ... fine . searle its taste good . mace have find a control panel , which he use ... and the light in the airlock come on . mace so the light work . searle ( feel around with he hand like a blind man ) do they ? 48 . a beat . searle ( lowering he hand ) C ’mon guy . just try to lighten the mood . : mace ( infuriate by searle ) I think we should split up . harvey I be not sure that 's a good idea . mace ( sarcastic ) Fair point . if we split up , we might get pick off one at a time by alien . searle mace be right , captain . icarus one be a big ship . if we be go to search it effectively ... harvey okay , okay . mace , head for the flight deck . see if she can fly . searle , check the crew 's quarter and the mo center . I x11 check the oxygen garden . z US 0 ) mace move down a dark corridor with he flashlight . he stop . he 's see something . kneel down . a pair of break sunglass . int . T US tf. S : searle enter the mess . he use the contxol panel beside the door , and light come on , revealing ... + ++ that the dining room be showroom clean . 49 . he walk over to the food dispenser . he press the button for water - and a steady stream spill out from the tap . then he press one of the food dispenser button . Chicken . . a yellow paste ooze out of the nozzle , and coil where a plate should he . with he finger , searle dip he finger into the paste and give it a taste . ind . flight deck capa , cassie and corazon be watch harvey be live feed , through which we can see dense foliage . harvey {over radio link ) I think I just find the crew . int . icarus I / oxygen garden harvey stand in the icarus I oxygen garden . the plant have cover the entire area , right up to the geodesic dome , seven year of uncheck growth . from the dome and the top canopy , moisture drop like a light rain . where harvey stand be several grave , each mark by a upright post which bear they name - tag . capa ( over radio link ) not all the crew . someone must have bury they . harvey I count five . leave three . mace ( over radio link ) make that two . 50 . int . icarus I / plight deck mace be look at the pilot 's seat of the icarus I flight deck , : in the pilot 's seat be a desiccate corpse . ~ without insect and maggot to strip the flesh , the dry skin be stretch tight over the skull , as if mummify . int , flight deck on the monitor screen we can see searle 's flashlight - cam feed . he be in the ' sleep quarter . he be open the privacy partition of one of the bunk . revealing another desiccate corpse . corazon God damn . cassie they be all dead . nr. icarus g! dec ! inside a compartment as the door open , to reveal mace peer inside , frown . . mace I have get something here . -~reverse angle — to show that inside the compartment be a wall of frost glass cube . many of the cube be smashed . capa {over radio link ) what be it ? mace I '' look at the access compartment to the ship 's computer . ( beat ) this be no malfunction . this be a shut -down . mace pull out one of the smashed cube , 51 . mace and permanent . capa {over radio link ) why would they have do that ? mace oy search I . . then mace . pause . a idea have just occur to he . - Te U : orri mace walk fast down one of the icarus I corridor . as he walk , he talk . mace okay . you be wash up on a desert island . there 's a thousand mile of sea in all direction . all you have get be coconut tree and sand to keep you company . all you can do be wait to die . so what do you do ? deck capa , cassie and corazon be listen to mace , watch he feed . int . mace ( over radio link ) . capa . I be talk to you . what do you do ? capa +--+. zt wait to die . mace ( over radio link ) and there 's the difference between you and I . carus t/ corridor mace stop at a door . 52 . mace see ~ I have get kid . int . icarus I / comm room fhe door to the icarus I comm room open , revealing mace . mace go straight over to the comm cubicle and open the partition . mace what I have do be put a message in a bottle . . he push 'a button on the console . the screen flicker into life ~ and a man' face appear . the man 's face be back - light , largely in shadow , so we can not see he feature clearly . man my name be Captain pinbacker . int , flight deck capa , cassie and corazon watch the recording . pinbacker I be not call for help . even if the message reach Earth through the solar wind , I know help would not come . I be only make this recording because ... I do not know . I suppose I be think that one day , maybe in ten year , maybe in ten million , someone might find it . and right now , that seem like @ good enough reason to I . int . is _I gen N harvey listen over the radio link . pinbacker ( over radio link ) the mission of my ship , the icarus , be to deliver a payload into the heart of the sun . ( more ) pinbacker ( cont have ) a vast stellar fission bomb , to kick -start the chain reaction that have be gradually lose they power . to stop the development of the red dwarf . to keep the sun shine . int . icarus I / mo CENTER searle listen over the radio link . pinbacker ( over radio link ) we have fail in that mission . I think there will be time and material for Earth to construct and send a second fission bomb , but I suspect that mission will fail too . it will fail for the same reason as ours . I think it be inevitable . int . icarus t/c is_roo ! close up on the cubicle screen , and pinbacker . pinbacker in fact , ultimately , I know it be inevitable . pinbacker pause . pinbacker this be the truth you realise . the. truth you must realise . the truth you can only realise ... pinbacker move slightly , away from the camera . 53. and where he be previously back - light , now light fall on he and reveal ... --. that he face be like a much advanced version of searle 's. the skin be ravage , crack , split . spread across the surface be constellation of blister and melanomas , some burn to blackness , some bright red , open and raw . 54 . only he eye , and the skin around he eye , white from the protection of sunglass , be undamage . pinbacker +». when you look into . the face of God . int , icarus I / comm room mace be face . stun . still absorb the weirdness of what he have just see and hear . then ~ ~- a sudden wrenching sound . loud and freakish , like tear metal . mace what the ...? and the next moment ~ the entire ship give a sudden lurch . mace be knock off balance , and be send crash sideways into the wall and down to the floor . mace cassie ! what 's go on ? nt. I deck . icarus ii be lurching too . _ cassie be hit button on the console , flick switch . over the radio link we can hear the shout of alarm of mace , harvey and searle . cassie get back to the airlock ! all of you ! get back ! capa what be it ? what 's happen ? cassie icarus ! stabilise us} 55 . icarus affirmative , cassie . cassie ( to capa ) the airlock have just decouple . get down there now ! . icari I we follow capa as he run through icarus ii to the airlock . and when he reach it ... int . outside airlock outside the airlock chamber , capa press he face to the glass . he can see that the airlock door be open to outer space . and he can see the airlock door of icarus I , which be also open , and the reason for the sound of tear metal we hear . around the door of icarus I the skin of the ship have be rip open , revealing the hull structure beneath . tf. icari I / outside airlock mace be arrive at the airlock . searle and harvey have already make it there . mace cassie ? int . flight deck cassie the airlock have decouple . we do not know why . mace - the lock system on icarus I be rip open . we be not go to be able to dock again . it. icaru ! ' outside airlock mace - think fast . 56 . harvey ~ close to panic . harvey we be fuck . mace no . he look to the mirrore space suit . mace suit up . a moment . ' there be several suit , but ... harvey . ++. we can not . not all of we . who will lock the helmet ? another moment - then both mace and harvey turn to look at searle . searle it seem I x11 be stay behind then . mace ( simple , hard ) agreed . cur to : int . icarus I / outside airlock harvey and mace be both suite , except for the helmet . searle have harvey be ready . harvey can hardly meet searle 's gaze . harvey searle - I ... searle I know . the helmet come down over harvey , and searle lock it down . leave mace . 57 . searle take the helmet over to mace . mace look straight into searle 's eye , meeting the gaze evenly . something between they . something about the fact that they both know searle be go to die . and something about the power that searle have over mace at that moment - if he refuse to lock the helmet . '' but neither say a word . and the helmet go down , and searle lock it into place . int . icarus I / outside airlock searle be go . — mace and harvey be alone . mace ( over radio link ) okay . we have get just one shot . you ready for this ? harvey ( over radio link ) I be ready . harvey open the door to the airlock . immediately , both man be suck out , into the airlock ... +.. then eject through the break outer door of the airlock , and into outer space . ex ?. icarus ii silence as ... ++. we watch mace and harvey shoot out from icarus I , towards icarus ii ... .-. in the weightlessness of space , they have no control over themselves . they collide , and send each other spin off course ... some way distant from each other , they both slam into the side of icarus ii . 58 . the impact be shocking . mace have manage to hold on to the edge of a mirrore panel . but harvey have not . he have bounce off the hull at a odd angle , and be now fall down the side of icarus ii , towards mace . ~ a strange , slow sequence . harvey be only a couple of metre from the side of the ship . when he reach out he hand , he fingertip be only a inch from the side of the hull . : but he be in zero gravity vacuum . ' there be nothing he can do to affect he trajectory . . he twist . stretch . strain . all to no effect . he pass within a few foot of mace . if mace be to relinquish he hold on the panel , he could easily reach harvey . but he do not , and harvey float by . harvey continue on this nightmarish journey , down the entire length of icarus ii ... ++. where we can see , once he move past icarus ii , he will suddenly be unshield from the sunlight . cur to : int . flight deck cassie and corazon be watch this , horrify , from harvey 's helmet cam . and worse , we can now hear what we could not hear before . harvey be desperate scream over the radio link . cassie can not bear it . she lunge - switch the image off , cut out the scream . . 59 . ext . icarus back to silence again ... --- as harvey slip past icarus ii , into the sunlight , and burn up in a instant . fade 0 : int . briefing room capa , mace , cassie and corazon sit in the briefing room . the empty seat say everything they need to . a long beat . then : corazon if Trey die , we will have the oxygen to make it to the delivery point . int . mess the four crew member eat . in silence . int . recreation room capa be in the recreation room . he walk over to the chess board . the piece be laid out half way through a a game — abandon between he and asher . he sit down and study the board for a few moment . then he tip over the white king . another moment pass . : then capa suddenly lash out and sweep he hand violently across the board , scatter the piece across the room . int . observation room capa open the door of the observation room , the brightness be amazingly intense . 60 . capa buckle over , shield he face with both arm . capa icarus ! reset ! reset ! the light lower . int . mo CENTER capa stand leok in to trey 's glass cubicle . trey be asleep , but clearly have a nightmare . capa see something reflect in the glass . capa look around - and startles . mace be there , behind he , also look in at trey . capa compose himself . mace wonder whether to kill he ? capa no. mace I neither . I be wonder how to kill he . a beat . mace joke. capa right . capa turn back to trey . capa mace - have you be to the observation room since ... mace we lose searle ? no . why ? capa just ~ the light level be ineredibly high . 61 . mace it must have be the level searle leave it . int . comm CENTER capa be in the comm CENTER . in the cubicle , he be talk to searle . the image be poor . the sound be distort , and through it we can hear the solar wind . capa we be go to come back for you , searle . after the payload . on the return journey . searle you be not go to have a return journey . capa ignore this . capa you have to try to orientate the hull breach away from the sun . it 's the only way the ship will survive . searle capa - let I ask you something . why do you think survival be so important ? why do we give it such a high premium ? ° ( beat ) I be no longer interested in — survival . I have other plan . capa ae . what plan ? searle to die in the epicentre of a stellar fission bomb explosion . the image be lose suddenly . then return a few moment later . 62 - searle I be give you enough time to make sufficient distance from the detonation . I think a few million mile should do it . the image be go again . the sound distorting . before it go completely ... searle . it 's true , capa . what pinbacker say . it 's go . int . icarus I / comm room searle look at a freeze distortion of capa 's face . the only sound be static and solar wind . phen the image go completely . searle be utterly alone . he look at he digital watch . int . I DI searle sit at the flight deck . - he hit a button . a string of number flash up on the hud : 57600.00 searle hit another button . the string of number start count down . searle set he digital watch to match the countdown . not . I zr ss searle sit in the mess . we see at once he have a few day beard growth . 63 . he have a plate of yellow food paste and a glass of water . he eat he meal quietly , unhurry . it. icarus I / oxygen garden searle 's beard now show a fortnight of growth . a he be trimming back dead fern frond . the garden look well tend and under control . not . icari I / PA 's sa searle , with several week . of beard growth , open the door of a huge hanger . we have not be here before , on : either icarus I or ii . . it be the payload bay . and in the middle of the bay be the stellar fission bomb . the bomb be a cube , smooth , featureless , . flawless . each of its side be mirrore . +--+ and each of its side be the length of a football pitch . searle stand before it , completely dwarf by the size . searle check he watch . the number be 00006 . 12 searle walk up to the fission bomb and press it . he have trigger a hide door on the smooth surface , which open . Inside there be only darkness . searle step inside , and the door close behind he , return to the featureless mirror it be before . int . icarus I / inside the bomb darkness . 64 . then a light - from a glow-stick lamp in searle be hand . searle be faintly illuminate , but still surround by total darkness . searle walk . then stop , and sit cross -legge on the floor . he check he watch a last time . the countdown be at 00000.07 the last seven second pass . the timer run out . --- and for a few moment , nothing happen . then , in the middle of the chamber , directly above where searle sit , a single spark appear in the air . it fizze and pop , but remain in roughly the same location , move like a firefly . then , suddenly , the spark splité into two SPARKS . searle‘s face - he expression be pure delight . the fizzing SPARKS double again to four ... then four to eight , then sixteen , then thirty two , sixty four ... ++. and suddenly the SPARKS be multiply with exponential speed . cur to : ext . icarus it icarus ii fly through dark space . second later , behind icarus ii , there be the biggest explosion in Science fiction history . for a moment , it as if a new sun have be bear . then , almost as fast as it come into be , the fabric of the small star begin to split and pull itself apart , and dissipate ... 65 . +e. until it be go . ._ mo R capa , mace , cassie and corazon stand in the mo center . they look in at trey 's cubicle . . reverse angle - revealing what they see . trey be dead . his wrist be cut . blood be everywhere . on the wall , before he death , he have write ... the face of GOD +». in he own bleed . capa ( quietly angry ) who do it ? silence from the other . capa come on ~ we all know he do not wake up and cut he wrist . we all know it be one of we . so which one ? who be it ? mace shut up , capa . capa it be you ? mace no - it be not I . capa be it you , cassie ? cassie do not answer . and she seem too shattered by trey 's death to have be the killer . capa turn to corazon . 66 . corazon do not fuck look at I . capa keep look at she . corazon do not look at I ! I do not doa versus thing ! ° but ... ( snap ) } --. but I fuck should have do ! it 's better that he 's dead ! so TI do not care if he cut he wrist or one of we do it for he ! now we can complete what we come here for ! the mission ! - she look around at the other . corazon right ? no response . corazon right ? int . mess capa walk into the mess . only cassie be there , sit alone , with a plate of untouched food in front of she . she 's lose in she thought and do not look round when he enter . capa fill a glass of water for himself and go to sit opposite she . he want to say something to she ... + ++ but he do not know what . he just sit there , hold he glass of water . a few second later , cassie get up and leave . she have not look at he once . it be as if he be not there . 67 . int . capa 's bi capa lie in bed , awake , in short and T-shirt , stare at the ceiling . he hear a noise . he slide open he privacy partition . over the other side of the sleeping quarter , capa can see cassie 's bunk . behind the frost partition , we can see there be two figure inside . it 's mace and cassie , discernable through the frost glass , have sex each other . capa watch they a few moment . int . corridor / outside observation room capa be walk down a corridor in he short and T-shirt . he stop at the door to the observation room . he open the door ... ++. and be bath in blind light . the level in the observation room have be reset again . capa Jesus , icarus ! turn it down ! icarus yes , capa . the light come down to a dull glow . capa step inside . int . observation room capa sit on the observation sofa , and look at the sun . it 's a dull orange glow . and it 's huge . take up most of the observation room portal . 68 . we haven xot realise until now how close they be to reach the star . for a few moment , capa watch the solar flare explode outward from the boil surface . then : '' > capa how long to go , icarus ? : no answer . unusual - icarus have always respond immediately to all question . capa icarus ? icarus yes , capa . capa how long to go ? icarus please rephrase the question . how long to go until what ? capa until we reach the payload delivery point . icarus the payload delivery point will be reach in seven day . capa Seven day . a week . after nearly twenty month . ( beat ) Jesus . put like that , I be almost glad . icarus glad of what , capa ? capa glad we do not have the oxygen to get we back . glad it 's turn into a one - way trip . I do not think I would be able to stand the return journey . a moment . a beat . 69 . icarus that be true , capa . it will bea ene way trip . capa not for you necessarily . you can always go back without . we . icarus negative . capa why not ? no point in float here for another ten billion year . ride the solar wind and take we body back . give we family a. bunch of bone to bury . icarus negative . I will not be able to make the return journey and deliver you corpse . I will be piloting the stellar fission bomb into the sun . capa +++ what ? icarus I will be piloting the stellar ... capa yes. copy . why ? icarus directive one : deliver the payload . directive two : ensure crew 's survival on outward journey in order to safeguard against computer malfunction and system error and unforeseen circumstance . directive three : if the crew do not survive the outward journey , icarus ii will deliver the payload itself . capa ++. but why be you say we will not survive the outward journey ? ( more ) 70 . capa ( cont would ) you just tell I , there 's only seven day leave . ! icarus : owe to oxygen shortage , remain crew will not survive beyond five day . capa ° five day ? ( a moment ) .-- but corazon be certain . there be current oxygen reserve to keep four crew alive . : icarus affirmative . four crew would survive seven day on current reserve , and reach delivery point . " capa '' + +. but Trey 's dead . there be only four crew member . icarus negative . capa affirmative ! four crew ! mace , cassie , corazon and I . icarus five crew member . capa '’s face . sudden cold realisation . dawn . capa icarus . i icarus yes , capa . capa who be the fifth ? icarus unknown . . a long beat . capa '' ++ where be the fifth ? 71 . icarus in the observation room . pull back to reveal , behind capa , a dark figure . in the gloom we can not see he clearly , but we know who it be . we have see the silhouette before . . pinbacker . and as capa whirl around , rise off the sofa , pinbacker be swiping something through the air . a length of something . a metal bar . it hit capa around the side of the head , and capa be send crash to the floor . daze , he scramble backwards . he look up . pinbacker be there , about to bring the bar down in a kill blow . capa raise he hand just in time , and the bar connect sickeningly on capa be arm . capa scream in pain . pinbacker raise the bar again . capa ( yell ) iearus ! full sunlight ! sunlight fill the room - bleach everything to whiteness . int . corridor / outside observation room the corridor outside the observation room . the door to the observation room open , and light flood out . on he hand and knee , capa scramble out . he 's bleed from the side of he head . he try to get up . he trip - fall sideways . 72 . he 's blink , tear stream from he eye , temporarily half - blind . . he pick himself up , and stumbling , arm outstretch , start to run . he run out of shot ... : os moment later pinbacker step out of the observation room . he stand a moment in the blaze - upright , back - light by the sunlight from the open observation room . a biacken silhouette shape . the door behind he close . and now we can see two thing about he . one - pinbacker be naked . two - where the sunlight have be blaze against he back , the skin be not steaming but smoking . even burn . tiny flame lick on the edge of crust of skin , that glow like coal ember , or miniature lava stream . unconcern by what must be immeasurable pain , pinbacker turn in the direction capa fle , and give chase . int . corridor capa run . he look behind he - and see pinbacker 's black , smoking figure run after he . capa duck through a door . int . airlock capa have run into the airlock . a total dead end . panic on capa 's face . capa turn and see pinbacker enter the airlock . 73. capa lunge for a panel - ~ - and the glass interior pressure door slide shut , sealing capa in the airlock , and pinbacker on the other side . pinbacker stop at the door . check it . > tries to open it . icarus access deny . Interior pressure door be manually lock from the other side . a moment , as pinbacker and capa face each other through the glass ... : --- and we see the pinbacker 's face clearly for the first time since we see he on the broadcast . in comparison with before , pinbacker 's skin be so sun- damage and eat with melanomas we can hardly recognise he . the moment be hold . then : pinbacker lift he hand and press the panel on he side of the door . then : pinbacker turn , and leave . a beat. oo capa yeah ! that 's it ! can not get I , you psycho ! silence . capa peer through the glass . pinbacker definitely seem to have go . cautiously , capa press the panel on he side of the door . and nothing happen . 74 . icarus access deny . Interior pressure door in manually lock from the other side . pinbacker have lock capa in . capa ( realise ) +. shit. a beat . capa tearus . Radio link to mace . icarus Radio comm to airlock have be manually close down . capa slam he fist against the glass . capa fuck ! fuck ! fu - cur of reverse side of glass , where capa rage and punch the glass in total silence . capa exhaust himself . then - see , inside the airlock , the mirrore space suit . silent sequence '' + + almost comic as capa put on the bulky space suit , struggle against its weight and clumsiness ... ' , .. until only the helmet be leave to fit - which , as have be establish , can not be lock down by one man alone . capa put the helmet over he head anyway . we see he try to reach he hand up to the lock mechanism - but it be impossible . even if capa be strong enough to cope with the weight of the suit in gravity , the material of the suit will not allow such flexibility for he to reach up to the side of helmet . capa stop a moment , propped up against the side of the airlock . he be gather strength for one last effort ... 75 . then he lower he head like a bull about to charge ... .«» - and hurl himself at the opposite airlock wall ... ..- head -butting the wall as hard as he can . even be silence , the impact look horrible . capa fall to the floor . then sit up . the tactic have work . the helmet be attach . ext . icarus ii '' outside icarus ii , capa make he way over the mirrore skin of the space ship . past he , past icarus ii , we see where the sun shine , close and massive , dominate the view of space . int xygen . en corazon stand in she destroy oxygen garden , amongst the ash and stump of the tree fern . her expression be as desolate as she garden . above she , we see a little figure crawl across the geodesic dome . capa . ext . icarus it / geodesic dome capa lie on the geodesic dome , shouting , wave he arm . pointless , obviously . but for some reason , perhaps intuition , corazon do look up . ext . icarus ii / geodesic dome corazon look up at capa on the other side of the geodesic dome , puzzle . 76 . corazon icarus - what exactly be capa do on the outside of the spaceship ? icarus capa be unable to open the airlock door . the door be manually seal . I have no directive to break the manual seal of the airlock unless command by ship 's superior officer , in order to allow airlock to function as brig in emergency . corazon 's + right . a beat . corazon Radio link to mace . a moment - then : mace {over radio link ) mace here . corazon mace - you need to go and override the airlock door . mace eee why ? corazon - you be not go to believe this .. but capa appear to have lock himself out . ext . icar ' lt odesic dome capa look down at corazon ... ++. who give he the thumb up . int . inside capa 's helmet relief on capa 's face . then ... something else . 77 . alarm . ext . icarus it / geodesic dome look down at corazon , we see what capa see . pinbacker be in the oxygen garden with corazon . > he 's twenty or so metre away , walk towards she with the metal bar in he hand . capa begin to gesticulate wildly . and corazon do not understand . int . oxygen garden corazon look up at capa , shaking she head slightly . corazon ( to herself ) that 's it . it 's official . he have totally lose the plot . and behind she , pinbacker be get nearer . walk steadily , relaxed , no apparent need for stealth ... + ++ because he be tread only on ash , and make no sound . capa be gesticulate like crazy . corazon lift she hand and give capa a cheery wave . corazon a ( exaggerated mouth of the word to allow capa to lip-read ) yes - everything 's okay now . you can go back to the airlock ... ( between tight lip ) +--+ you total nut case . and pinbacker be almost on she ... .+- and corazon hesitates in she wave . frown . she have not hear something . 78 . she have smell something . she turn - see pinbacker - and scream . ext . US ii / geodesic from the outside of the geodesic dome , capa watch ... capa no ! ++» as corazon be attack . capa be in and mace be release the helmet clap . as the helmet come off ... mace capa - what the Hell be you do out - : capa ( interrupt ) corazon ! mace what ? capa he 's kill corazon ! mace grab capa by the shoulder , cut through capa 's desperate panic . mace what be you talk about ? who be kill corazon ? capa pinbacker ! int . oxygen garden capa and mace burst into the oxygen garden ... - 79 . ++. and see corazon . she have be beat to death . a beat . a beat . capa & mace ( together ) cassie . mace . icarus . locate cassie . icarus last confirm location of cassie in the payload bay . current location uncertain . '' capa where be pinbacker ? icarus last confirm location on the flight deck . current location uncertain . my monitoring system be be shut down . capa Radio link to payload bay . icarus Radio link function have be shut down . mace the payload bay . let 's go . capa no. wait . we need a weapon . the Captain 's quarter . mace no time . capa mace - we have to survive this . the mission . it 's more important than cassie . we need the weapon . mace you survive it . 80 . and mace be off . int . captain quarter capa enter asher 's quarter , and see at once that : the wall - mount cabinet be open , and the handgun be go . capa shit . capa think desperately . start turn asher 's room over , look for something , anything , that will function as a weapon ... and in - a drawer he find the bottle of champagne that asher have mention before . capa grab it , then smashes it on the side of the desk ... ++. leave he a break bottle neck . int . corridor / outside payload BAY capa move down a corridor . he sweat - look scared . he 's move stealthily . grip fiercely in he hand be the break bottle neck . capa reach the door to the payload BAY . the door open . capa slip inside . int . payload BAY similar to the payload BAY of icarus I . cavernous , and in the middle be the vast mirrore cube of the stellar fission bomb . capa stand motionless . stand further into the payload BAY be mace . 81 . his arm hang by he side . his back be to capa . it be unclear what mace be do , or look at . capa ( hiss ) 7 «ee mace ! mace do not respond . capa ( louder ) mace ! now mace react . he turn , slowly . and we see he chest be soak in blood . then he collapse . capa mace ? a noise from above . capa look up to the walkway complex that stretch across the top of the hanger ... '' -. and see a figure on one of the walkway . but it 's not pinbacker . it 's cassie . and - she 's point the handgun straight at he . capa ( call out ) cassie ! she fire . a single shot - which miss . stun , capa scurries for cover . capa oshout ) what be you do ? 82. cassie ( out of sight , shouting from the walkway ) stay away from I ! capa but it 's I ! capa ! cassie murderer ! ° another shot ring out . capa I do not kill anyone ! you have kill mace ! : cassie and I x11 kill you too ! I be past take fuck chance ! one of you murder Trey and corazon ! another shot . capa cassie - stop ! you do not understand ! it be not either of sus ! cassie ( scream ) I do not believe you ! capa ( scream back ) a it be pinbacker ! silence from above . silence . silence . capa it be the captain of the icarus one ! he get on board while we be dock ! capa he be the one who decouple the airlock . 83. capa cassie ? capa look around - and see a ladder lead up to the walkway . int . payload BAY / ladder - ~ capa climb the ladder up . he be halfway up when he hear a muffle shout and then the clatter of metal on metal . he look around to see ... +.- spin through the air , fall down to the bottom of the payload Bay , the handgun . capa ( yell ) cassie ! int . payload BAY / walkway capa reach the top of the ladder , and swing around to stand on the narrow walkway . where he see ... ++. a strange sight . pinbacker stand on the walkway , with he hand outstretch . holding ’on to he hand , lean back at ' a angle , be cassie . it be only pinbacker 's grip that be prevent cassie from fall backwards . for a moment , the two stand on the edge of the walkway -— cassie hold from fall by pinbacker 's grip . they gaze be lock . then cassie make a slight movement backwards - a slight slip . and she see : something weird and initially inexplicable - a band of bright redness around pinbacker 's upper arm . expand ... } é be 84 . yhen suddenly , it become explicable . pinbacker 's skin be sloughing off he arm like a long black glove ... cassie scream . +». then cassie be fall , take the glove with she , tumble into space ... + -- drop the entire height of the payload BAY ... ++. until she slam into the floor and be kill outright . pinbacker turn to capa , he arm now as red and slick as a skinned rabbit . capa start back away , ward pinbacker off with he bottle - neck weapon . pinbacker continue to advance . but the walkway only lead one way . to the ... it. PA 's BAY / stellar fission bomb +s. top side of the stellar fission bomb . the two man now stand on top of the bomb . blood from pinbacker 's skinned arm leave a trail of droplet on the mirrore surface as he advance on capa . on the mirrore surface , with he bloody arm and ravage skin and bright eye ... +--+ he no longer look like he be ever human . he look like a demon . and this may be why - when they have reach the middle of the vast cube - capa stop ... .--+ and he bottle - neck weapon slip from he finger , as if concede its uselessness . and he drop to he knee . pinbacker - possibly surprised by the gesture of prayer - also stop . 85 . capa 's head be bow . a moment pass . then he shoulder begin to shake . we realise he be cry . a few more moment pass . capa I know you be go to kill I . you kill everyone else . how can I stop you ? I be no good at fight . I be a physicist , for Christ 's sake . I never win a fight in my fuck life . he wipe he nose with he sleeve , leave a silvery trail of snot . capa I do not really understand . TI do not really understand what 's happen here at all . capa look up at the demonic man . capa be you from Hell ? be that it ? have we fly too near the sun and disturb the angel , or angere they , or ... a beat . capa what be the face of God ? this be the question to ask . pinbacker 's head tilt to the side . then he open he mouth to speak . pinbacker have not speak since he make the recording on icarus I . the movement to he jaw cause he skin to rupture and split horrifically ... +--+ and the damage sound of he voice seem to echo the damage to he body . oop a 86 . pinbacker you mean to ... pinbacker break off . perhaps halt by the pain of speak . . then he continue . pinbacker you mean to ask , what be God ? if you look at God , you see he face . : capa ; okay . yes . that be what I mean . what be God ? pinbacker ; God be what give we life and God be what will take it away . God be the sun . capa the sun ? capa shake he head , not understanding . almost get angry . a moment . capa but ... then why be you try to stop we ? the sun be die . why will not you let we save it ? . pinbacker - do you know the distance between here and the next nearest star ? capa one point six light year . pinbacker one point six light year . no matter what mankind do , no matter how far we develop or evolve , we will never reach that star . the distance be simply to great . pinbacker smile . 87 . pinbacker and even if we could overcome that impossibility , we would still only be delay the inevitable . because just as we sun die , so would the next , and the next . until eventually , there would be no more sun to harvest , and we would be . right back where we be now . facing extinction . confront the only real truth . pinbacker pause . and we - and capa - see something that pinbacker do not . stand behind he - batter , bleed , clutching a hand to he - chest with one hand , but still alive - be mace . and in mace 's other hand , he 's hold cassie 's gun . mace be try to raise the gun . weakly . slowly . capa stall for more time . capa what truth ? pinbacker that all this effort to survive be waste . it 's not in we destiny to survive . it 's not even in we nature . as pinbacker talk , the gun be be raise higher . pinbacker none of we do it . not we parent . — not we child . not the fish , or the bird , or the tree . not even God . and now , the gun be levell at the back of pinbacker 's head . pinbacker the only thing in we nature be to die . mace okay . pinbacker be eye flick to the side . ft wine ge 88. mace then die . pinbacker turn . look at mace , at the gun barrel ... «+. then shrug . . pinbacker - by all mean . mace fire . pinbacker be shot in the face . the back of he head fly off , and he fold to the floor . Dead . mace slump to he knee . the gun drop out of he hand . mace what ... he 's run out of breath . he try again . mace what ... be all that about ? a beat . capa I do not know . I be just try to keep he talk so I could figure out what to do next . fade to : int . flight deck mace be bandage . capa be beside he . both be look in at the compartment which hold icarus 's memory bank . they be destroy , in the same manner as the destruction of the computer on icarus i. 89 . mace he really do a number on she . she 's not go back together , that 's for sure . capa how be we go to fly the remain distance ? ~ mace ° as you pilot , I do not foresee a problem . mace look towards the cockpit display . the sun occupy the entire monitor . mace it 's not like we be go to get lose . . fade to : int . flight deck mace sit in the pilot 's seat , work the console . capa be in the copilot 's seat ... ++. capa be set the countdown timer . countdown number appear on the screen . they read : 08640.05 fade to : int airlock wrapped in shroud , four body wait in the airlock , in a row , on the floor . cassie , trey , corazon , and pinbacker . capa and mace stand on the other side of the pressurise glass airlock door . a few second later , the outer airlock door open , and the body be eject in the rush of escape air . 90 . ext . icarus it the body tumble out into space , and burn into nothingness almost at once . we see that the icarus ii have virtually reach the sun . fade to : int . dark room in a dark room , capa and mace sit stare at the chess board . they , and the chess board , be illuminate by a lamp . the piece be all set up to play . neither have yet move . B long beat . eventually , capa reach over to mace 's side of the board and move he white king 's pawn two space . capa that 's the most common first move . mace oh. right . ( beat ) yeah , I 'il do that then . capa neds , then move he black king 's pawn to counter . back to silence as mace study the board . - until eventually ... a capa mace - I really do not think you have long enough to learn how to play chess . mace look crestfallen . mace +.- but I always want to learn . what other chance be I go to have ? capa think about this . 91 . capa okay . pause . capa so , why do not you see if you bishop or knight could be S develop ? . at that moment , above capa 's head , a single fizzing , pop , firefly spark appear . capa look up to watch it . mace do not . he be too engross in the board . mace okay . how about this ? mace move one of he knight . the spark double to two . capa yeah . that 's a good move ... you nre get the hang . fade to : black screen caption : 8 Minutes later fade up to : ext . park - day a park in the middle of a city . a dog be be take for a walk by a woman . we have see the dog before , on a hologram - photo : maxwell . by the light level , we would estimate the time be either late afternoon or early morning . the woman throw a ball , and maxwell run after it ... lp 92 . + + + over the grass , to where the ball be bounce . he pick it up in he tooth ... '' -- and as he do so , the light level all seem to change ... ++. brighten . no more dramatic than when the sun appear from behind a cloud . maxwell look up at the sky for a moment . then , with the ball still in he tooth , he start run back towards the woman .