sunshine cleaning written by megan holley 3/5/07 fade in : 1 ext . albuquerque - day 1 rose lorkowski , 30 , drive through albuquerque . she pass small adobe house , the Air force base , parched earth playground , University cafe and other distinctive sight . on the highway she pass under the freeway interchange , a tangle of rust and turquoise ramp . the sandia mountain rise in the distance as Rose head up to the nicer neighborhood of the foothills . 2 ext . seven figure house - day 2 Rose pull up to a expensive look Spanish style house and park . she get out of the car , pop the hatch and pull out a vacuum cleaner and assort clean supplies . 3 int . seven figure house - live room - day 3 Rose drag a vacuum cleaner into a room where expensive decor collide with the debris of a recent party . she collect beer bottle from end table , book shelf and house plant . cigarette butt float in cocktail glass . Rose plug in the vacuum cord and glance out the slide glass door . a group of twenty somethings frolic in the pool . a lanky trust funder slide open the door and drip water onto the carpet as he make he way to retrieve a cold beer . he brushes past Rose on he way back out . Rose turn on the vacuum and wonder if he even see she . 4 int . fair N square market - day 4 the space be pack with every kind of snack imaginable . joe lorkowski , 53 , talk as the owner stock shelf . owner I have get the five store here and then two in Rio rancho . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 2 . 4 continued : 4 joe that 's fantastic . see , if we be talk that kind of volume I can absolutely massage the number a little . seriously , you be not gonna be able to keep it on the shelf . Joe pull out some order form . owner yeah , I would need to look at some thing before I can place a order . the owner look at Joe 's business card . owner how about I give you a call if I decide to -- joe I will call you . not a problem . no problem at all . even better , I will swing by . you be on my route . how `bout that ? I will swing by tomorrow . owner yeah , tomorrow 's not good . joe Thursday then . that 's better anyway . that will give you a chance to take a look see on that other store . we will put everything on one order and get you a good price break . the owner seem to consider the offer . Joe scan the shelf . joe my advice to you - weed out some of this weaker product to make more space for the corn . like this ... Joe reach over and grab a packet of organic fruit bar . joe apricot fruit leather . whose bright idea be it to stock that ? I mean come on , what self respect kid ask he mom for apricot fruit leather ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 2a . 4 continued : ( 2 ) 4 the owner be not amused . 5 ext . fair N square market - day 5 Joe pull a hand cart stack high with Fancy corn canister to he rusted monte Carlo . 6 ext . lucky boy restaurant - day 6 through the glass pane we see disgruntled waitress , norah lorkowski ( 25 ) . she appear to be in a heat argument with mr . kim , the restaurant owner . a customer watch the exchange with amusement . norah take off she apron , throw it at Mr. Kim . norah exit the restaurant . Mr. Kim trail she . then mrs . kim notice and join the fray . mr. kim you be fire . norah I so do not care . norah flip he off and walk down the street . as she continue to walk she realize that quit she job might not have be the best decision ever . norah fuck . GREEN revision 3/5/07 3. 7 int . elementary school - bathroom - day 7 a banana float in the toilet . oscar lorkowski , 7 , smile and kick the flush lever . whoosh ... the banana be suck down the drain . go . well , not quite . oscar watch water fill the basin and spill onto the floor . oscar turn and walk out . 8 int . elementary school - hallway - day 8 oscar step from the bathroom and walk quickly down the empty hall . 9 int . businessman be car - sporting good store lot - day 9 a businessman remove a single shotgun shell from the glove compartment . he drop it in he shirt pocket , spray breath freshener in he mouth and get out of he car . 10 int . sporting good store - day 10 the businessman approach the gun display and point to a shotgun . a employee hand he the gun and turn he attention to another customer . the businessman reach into he pocket and pull out the shotgun shell . load it . draw the barrel up under he chin . a bubba pricing camouflage vest nearby notice the businessman . his expression shift from concern to alarm to horrible anticipation . he brace for the ... CUT to : 11 int . sporting good store - later 11 Police mill about and question people . carl swanson , a 40ish man sport a crew cut and a ` above and Beyond ' polo shirt , talk to the store owner . carl yep , this shotgun case be a real pain in the ass . what we call a wide field of contamination . ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 4 . 11 continued : 11 carl ( cont would ) guy 's all over the place and every little glob of he 's a biohazard . the owner rub he temple . carl gonna lose some inventory . owner selfish bastard . carl trust I , you do not want some lady suing you cuz she find this guy 's tooth in she brand new fanny pack . a above and beyond worker in a polo shirt wave he arm to get Carl 's attention . clean sweep worker he 's over here in fishing too . carl yep , a real pain in the ass . Carl walk over to he assistant . detective , `mac ' macdowell , approach the owner . mac we be wrapping it up . owner Three grand just to have the asshole wipe up off the floor . can you believe that ? Mac and another detective walk toward the entrance . mac hey , can you handle the report tonight ? I gotta thing I gotta do . detective a blonde thing or a brunette thing ? 12 int . rose's house - bathroom - night 12 Rose step from the shower . she be attractive with sharp feature and eye that hint at future crow 's foot . her confidence have grow brittle by the gnaw fear that life peak as the captain of the high school cheerlead squad . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 5 . 12 continued : 12 a note tape to the bathroom mirror read : ` you be strong . you be powerful . you can do anything . you be a winner . ' Rose wipe condensation from the mirror to reveal she face . rose I be strong . I be powerful . I can do anything . I be a winner . she do not look like she believe it . 13 int . lorkowski house - norah' bedroom - night 13 norah lounge on she bed and load weed onto a jerry - rig pop-can-pipe . norah the fact that we have sex , real coitus sex , mean I be under no obligation to blow you . norah fire up the bud , inhale deeply and pass the can to randy , a good-look redneck in he early 20' . randy I think you be scared of it . the phone ring . norah open a book about sign language and start practice the sign alphabet . a-b-c-d-e-f . F be a hard one . norah ( holding in the smoke ) I be not scared of it . randy uncomfortable then . you just need to get better acquainted . norah exhales . Randy stand and take off he pants . the phone ring again . norah ( yell ) dad , get the phone . randy there 's absolutely no pressure here . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 6 . 13 continued : 13 Randy lie next to norah naked from the waist down . norah ignore he and continue form letter with she finger . she jot a note and stick the pencil behind she ear . the phone ring again . norah reach across Randy and pick up the receiver . randy you can touch it if you want . norah ( into phone ) hello . rose ( o.s. ) ( through receiver ) you have not leave yet ? damn it norah , my class start in fifteen minute . norah ( into phone ) I know , I know . as norah hold the phone she eye slide from Randy 's face to he off screen penis . she take the pencil from behind she ear and , in the way you would poke a hamster to see if it be dead or merely sleep , prod Randy 's off screen penis . 14 int . lorkowski house - live room - night 14 * Joe sit in the live room , busily put sticker on can * of Fancy corn . norah and Randy enter from norah 's room . * joe * do not Rose have she thing * tonight ? * norah * I be go . I need to borrow you * car . * joe * here . take some corn . * norah leave . Randy and Joe share a awkward silence . * randy * I be really nut about you * daughter , Mr. lorkowski . * ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 6a . 14 continued : 14 joe * that 's nice . give I a hand with * this . * they put sticker on popcorn can . * randy * I see they sell that house across * the street . I bet they will come * knock on you door soon . * joe * they can knock all they want . wait , * wait , whaddaya do ? do not put the * lime sticker on the cheddar can . * maybe I better just do this myself . * ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 7 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 * 15 ext . rose's house - night 15 Randy pull up to a small house and stop . norah get out , collect the canister from back and head inside . 16 int . rose's house - night 16 norah enter the tidy two bedroom house with a barrel of Fancy corn under she arm . norah sorry . rose I be gonna be so late . oscar run from the bedroom and fling himself onto norah . pale and skinny , oscar be the kind of kid easily pick off in slaughter - ball . norah I bring fancy corn ! rose ( look for she purse ) how can you eat that stuff ? norah and oscar both jam a handful into they mouth . rose he will be hyper all night . Rose find she purse and quickly put on lipstick . she lean down and give oscar a kiss on the forehead . rose be good . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 8. 16 continued : 16 she turn to norah . rose and no lobsterman storey . he have nightmare all week . ( open the door ) just use some common sense . norah you be welcome . 17 int . motel room - night 17 Rose lie on she back be fuck . her head nearly hit the headboard with each thrust . rose you want I ? Rose close she eye . her head start to thump the headboard . mac ( rhythmically ) yeah ... baby ... I want ... oh ... Mac come . 18 int . rose's house - oscar' bedroom - night 18 oscar and norah lie in oscar 's little bed . oscar hold the cover tight under he chin . norah drink a beer . there 's a half eat canister of ` Fancy corn ' between they . norah he 's slowly freezing to death and he know lobsterman be out there ... somewhere ... come for he . and he 's totally screw because he tongue be stick to the mailbox . oscar why do he lick the mailbox ? norah I do not know . maybe he have ocd and he be obsessed with lick mailbox . oscar why be not he in school ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 9 . 18 continued : 18 norah be you gonna let I tell the story ? oscar nod . norah a then , he hear a horrible sound . snap , snap , drag . snap , snap , drag . lobsterman be come . oscar maybe he do not go to school because he have the acd . norah look at oscar . oscar sorry . norah downs the last swig of beer and set the bottle down next to another empty . norah he 's trap . if he do not rip the skin off he tongue and make a run for it lobsterman will tear he to piece with he razor sharp claw . 19 int . motel room - night 19 curtain draw in the cheap hotel room . Rose get out of bed and pull on she clothes . Mac watch for a moment , then roll out of bed . he stop . grimace . rose still sore ? Mac shake he head and pretend not to be . rose I do not know why you do that . mac you should hear the way he go on about he lean body mass index bullshit . drink that antioxidant , protein powder , enzyme crap all the time . Mac limp over to he clothes hang over a chair . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 10 . 19 continued : 19 rose when be the last time you even play basketball ? mac he need to be bring down a peg or two . rose I be sure you pull a groin muscle humble he . Rose smile and Mac pretend to be offended . mac I should introduce he to you sister . rose norah and a cop ? that would happen . Mac shrug and step into he slack . mac we be work a scene today where this guy off himself in a sport goods store . so they have this clean crew out there , right ? you would not believe how much money they charge for that shit . it 's ridiculous . rose with the dead body there ? mac naw , the body 's go , it 's just the blood and stuff . rose sound horrible . Rose peel the back off a nicotine patch and carefully stick it on she arm . mac you ask I it 's a racket . you should get into that . Rose slip on she blouse look at Mac . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 11 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 rose you think that 's all I can do ? clean other people 's shit ? mac ( he sigh ) come here . Rose step toward he and eye Mac as he button she blouse . mac you know that 's not what I think . rose I be gonna be a real estate agent . Rose rub the nicotine patch on she arm . Mac nod and smile . mac I know . with business card . 20 int . rose's house - night 20 norah hold a light joint out the window and watch a cheesy tv movie circa 1982 . Big hair and leg warmer . norah lean out the window and exhales , take another toke . the sound of a key at the door prompt norah to quickly stub out the joint and close the window . Rose open the door . norah it 's about time . I think you class get over at 9:30 . Rose look at oscar sprawle out asleep on the couch . rose why be not he in bed ? norah Said he be scared . I think he be fakin ' it though . Rose fumble in she purse and pull out a ten-dollar bill . norah I be not take money . rose it 's just ten buck , take it . dad tell I about you get fire . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 12 . 20 continued : 20 norah make a face like `great , here it come . ' rose what happen ? norah nothing . rose what , be you stone or something ? norah wave she hand dismissively . norah it be just Mr. Kim be a dick head . rose I think you like Mr. Kim . norah yeah , before Mrs. Kim start work there . now he 's a full on gym teacher , I swear to God . rose when be you go to grow up and start take responsibility for -- norah oh please , you love it when I fuck up . Love it . I screwing up give you the hugest woody . rose shut up and take the ten . norah take the ten . Rose look at the tv . norah there be a diner scene earlier . with a waitress . Rose look at norah . rose any pie ? norah smile and open the door to leave . norah completely pie free . GREEN revision 3/5/07 13. 21 int . datzman -mead house - master bedroom - day 21 Rose wrap the vacuum cleaner cord while another molly maid wipe down the last window . through the window , a smartly dress pregnant woman walk toward the house with shopping bag in hand . molly maid the lady 's here . Rose nod and head downstairs . 22 int . datzman -mead house - kitchen - day 22 paula datzman -mead set she bag down on the table and fish a checkbook from she purse . Rose enter with the vacuum cleaner in tow . rose we be all finish . since it 's we first visit we do the blind and appliance but normally we will alternate that weekly . nobody mention anything to we about laundry so we do not bother with that but if you want laundry include there be a extra ... paula Rose ? Rose lorkowski ? startle , Rose look the woman in the eye for the first time . paula it 's Paula datzman ... cheerlead squad junior year . recognition punch Rose in the face . rose Paula datzman . wow . awkward silence . rose how be you ? paula great ! I be Paula datzman - mead now . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 14 . 22 continued : 22 rose congratulation . paula thanks . we be expect we second in a couple of month . Paula pat she swollen belly and Rose force a smile . paula how be you ? you look just the same . rose I be good . really good ! paula God , I always envied you so much . head cheerleader ... dating the quarterback ... so do you and Mac end up get marry ? rose nope. no. ( awkward silence ) I be not sure ... I think he end up marrying Heather volkman . paula wow . well it 's so good to see you . let I get you info so I can send you a invite to the baby shower . Paula get a piece of paper and a pen and hand it to Rose . paula it will be like a big reunion . the whole gang from high school will be there . Rose write she number and address on the scrap of paper . paula so what be you do now ? woop . Paula immediately regret the question . rose I ... I have just get my real estate license , and so ... ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 15 . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 paula Real estate ? rose yeah , this ... this be just kind of a temporary thing and I be about to just really phase over into the real estate full time . paula you be kid , I be in real estate ! Paula pull a business card from she purse and hand it to Rose . the card have a picture of Paula 's smile face . paula with Long and Foster . who be you with ? rose me? um . you know , I have not really decide yet . I might check out Long and Foster . Paula nod . uncomfortable . paula maybe you will just be independent . rose yeah . maybe . they grasp for something to say . they fail . paula what be that about the laundry ? 23 ext . datzman -mead house - day 23 Rose cary a vacuum cleaner and bucket of clean supplies out to a rusted Nissan sentra with a Molly maid door magnet . she throw the vacuum and bucket in the back hatch , start to close it , then stop . Rose walk to the side of the car , peel off the Molly maid magnet and throw that in as well . she look at the datzman - mead house with a mixture of resentment and shame . she get into the car and cry . her cell phone ring . she dig the phone out of she bag and try to steady she voice . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 16 . 23 continued : 23 rose hello . 24 int . elementary school - outside counselor' office - day 24 oscar sit outside the counselor 's office on a bench . he crane he neck to watch the secretary type form . 25 int . elementary school - counselor' office - day 25 Rose sit nervously across from the school counselor , a serious man in he mid forty and a teacher with cotton candy hair . the man speak first . counselor it 's not just this incident . there have be several episode over the past year where oscar have ... have engage in disruptive behavior . Rose shift she eye from the counselor to the teacher and back to the counselor . counselor there be the incident in gym class . rose I do pay the damage for that . counselor and the chalk thing . Rose bite a fingernail . counselor and the time he lock Jeremy johnston in the -- rose okay . what do he do this time ? counselor now it 's ... lick . Rose look confuse . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 17 . 25 continued : 25 teacher I will not tolerate it . I will not tolerate that behavior in my classroom . counselor oscar have start lick thing in the classroom . Rose look even more confuse . teacher first it be the pencil sharpener . then the aquarium . 26 int . elementary school - outside counselor' office - day 26 the secretary stop type and offer a sympathetic glance to oscar . he capitalize on the moment by lick the wall . counselor ( o.s. ) it 's unsanitary . and it 's disturbing to the other child . the secretary recoil and return to she type . 27 int . elementary school - counselor' office - day 27 the counselor lean forward with genuine concern . counselor we think oscar might benefit from a environment where he could receive more specialize attention . teacher he lick my leg . GREEN revision 3/5/07 18-19 . 28 int . lorkowski house - live room - night 28 oscar find Joe asleep on the lazy Boy . he snore in that scary sleep apnea way ­ hold he breath between snore . oscar notice a leather strap hang down from the top shelf of a book case . he pull up a chair to investigate . the strap lead to a old pair of binocular . behind it , dusty book about bird . oscar grab the binocular and climb down . oscar hold the binocular to he face but the lense be too far apart . oscar compensate by close one eye and look through only one lens . he focus on he grandpa 's nose hair . Joe wake . joe where would you get that ? oscar up there . oscar point to the book shelf . something sad stir in Joe . joe come here . oscar step closer . Joe twist something on the binocular and push the lense closer together to accommodate oscar 's small face . better . joe that be you grandma 's . she would watch bird with that . oscar walk around the room examine various object and clunk they against a lamp in the process . joe hey , hey . careful . Joe hold out he hand to retrieve the binocular . joe why do not we put that away . oscar do not want to . he hesitates . Joe raise a eyebrow . oscar shuffles back to he grampa and hand they over . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 19a . 28 continued : 28 oscar why can not I play with they ? joe because it 's not a toy . it 's a scientific instrument . oscar 's disappointed . joe you can play with they when I be around to supervise . oscar you be around now . joe I be tired now . Joe study the binocular for a moment and then set they back on the shelf . 29 int . lorkowski house - kitchen - night 29 Rose shake she head and hand norah another dish . rose well I be not put he in special ed . I will figure out a way to put he in private school before I do that . norah Rose , you buy generic cigarettes with couch change . how be you gonna pay for private school ? joe who 's go to private school ? Rose turn and see she dad lean in the door way . rose nobody dad , we be just talk . joe oscar get suspend again ? yes , that 's it . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 19b . 29 continued : 29 joe the kid 's a little strange . what ? that 's against the law now ? it 's not like he 's out kill kitten or any damn thing . I swear everyone 's so damn uptight this day . 29a int . fair and square - day 29 a oscar ride a mechanical horse . Rose push a cart down the isle and dial she cell phone . she grab a box of cereal and toss it in she cart . 30 int . mac' house - kitchen - day 30 Mac sit at the table with a cup of coffee and read the paper . a young girl hold out the telephone . mac hello . intercut phone conversation rose Mac , it 's I . mac what be you do call here ? rose I know , I be sorry . mac Heather could have easily -- rose I think she have yoga on Saturday . mac still , it 's not cool . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 19c . continued : rose I know , I be sorry . I just need to ask you ... you know the other day ... you say that ... about the specialize clean guy make so much money ... 30b ext . fair and square - day 30 B Rose and oscar walk to the car with the grocery . 31 int . family restaurant - night 31 the lorkowski family dine in style . rose ( o.s. ) be you even listen ? norah turn to face Rose at the other side of the table . norah no thanks . rose what do you mean `no thanks ' ? what else do you have to do ? you do not have a job . you do not go to school . what , be you go to live with dad the rest of you life ? norah I do not think you be in any position to feel superior . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 20 . 31 continued : 31 joe Girls , come on . let have a nice dinner . rose it 's just until I get my real estate license . the staff sing a birthday song at a table nearby . oscar I want to have my birthday at hinkle 's . joe the hell with hinkle 's , I be take we to Disney land ! oscar 's eye light up as he smile at Joe . rose dad do not . oscar why ? I think Disney land be a great idea ! Rose give Joe a sharp look . joe yeah , what 's wrong with Disney land ? and I think it would be great if you girl work together . norah you be so out of touch . 32 ext . apartment build - one week later - day 32 a large belly superintendent lead Rose and norah up a flight of stair . bead of sweat drip from he doughy face . super some sorta domestic disturbance kind of a deal . it be the lady who get the last word I guess . course she 's in jail now , so ... Heard one bullet completely shot off he ring finger . how long you gal be doin ' this kind a work ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 20a . 32 continued : 32 rose a while . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 21 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 super ( check out Rose ) you know Mac pretty well ? norah shoot Rose a look . Rose do not answer . they arrive at the door of the apartment . the super unlock the door . super just swing by the office when you be do and we will settle up . 33 int . domestic disturbance apartment - day 33 Rose and norah step into the apartment litter with dirty dish and clothes . Rose walk down the hall while norah examine a plastic bird with top hat . it tip down and drink from the glass . rose ( o.s. ) found it . 34 int . domestic disturbance apartment - bathroom - day 34 norah and Rose stand freeze at the threshold . they be awe strike by the horrible scene in front of they . bloom of splatter blood dry on tile wall . it gather in sticky brown line around grout . the mirror be break . the shower curtain hang half tear . norah think they love each other ? rose yeah . 35 int . domestic disturbance apartment - bathroom - later 35 hand pull on yellow clean glove . pinkish foam slide down norah 's glove as she scrub bloody grout with a toothbrush . Metal shower ring clink against the metal bar as Rose pull down the shower curtain . a rag be wrung out in a bucket of reddish water . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 22 . 35 continued : 35 Rose and norah clean in silence . reverent but detach . the way you would act at a stranger 's funeral . 36 int . domestic disturbance apartment - kitchen - day 36 norah put blood spatter towel into a wash machine . she spot a dish on the dryer fill with penny and button and other odd and end . she fish out a pink candy heart . it read , ` love U 4 ever ' . norah pocket the candy . 37 int . domestic disturbance apartment - bathroom - day 37 Rose and norah gather they clean supplies and stand back to admire they handiwork . 38 ext . apartment build - day 38 norah hang back while the super hand Rose a check . super you gal do a real nice job . as Rose turn to leave she flash the check to norah . five hundred buck . Rose raise a eyebrow . cha-ch . 39 ext . bar - day 39 Joe walk though a low rent part of town carry a barrel of Fancy corn . he duck into the neighborhood bar . 40 int . bar - day 40 Joe enter a dingy little corner bar where everyone 's a regular . a couple of old guy slump over the bar . the bartender smile . bartender hey Joe , what you get for I ? joe World 's finest corn snack . Joe hand the canister to the bartender and sit down on a stool . the bartender pour he a beer . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 23 . 40 continued : 40 bartender see where old Miller 's house sell ? Joe nod . a grizzle regular nearby look over at Joe . regular Bet you could get a chunk of change for you place . you should cash out now before the market turn sour . Joe shake he head . joe I be not sell my house . no way . I do not care how much that idiot would shell out for it . I get history in that house . you think they understand about history ? regular still ... how much commission you get on that popcorn ? Bet you gotta sell a lot of corn to - joe hey , the corn 's good . really good . not like the pet food but that be a phenomenon . the bartender set a basket of cheddar popcorn in the space between Joe and the grizzle regular . joe it will get there . take time to get to know the market . develop a relationship with the buyer . but it will get there . who do not like popcorn for Christ 's sake . regular my brother - in-law 's in sale . the regular scoops up a handful of powdery orange popcorn . regular last year he busy a cow . joe why would you buy a cow ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 24 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 regular not a live cow . a whole butcher cow from a rancher . on the hoof they call it . joe mm hmm . Joe look at he with renew interest . regular he sell off the part of this cow to a bunch of restaurant . direct . make a kill . the grizzle man lick orange powder from he finger . joe what would he do with the brain and intestine ? regular shrug . Joe 's wheel be turn . joe so he cut out the middle man . not a bad idea . Joe take a drink of he beer while he mull it over . joe course it would be smarter to do that with something that do not have bad part . like ... shrimp . 41 ext . lorkowski house - six day later - morning 41 another day in paradise . 42 int . lorkowski house - norah' bedroom - morning 42 norah sleep in she clothes and makeup from the previous night . knock wake she . joe ( though the door ) Rose be on the phone . norah ? norah I be sleep . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 25 . 42 continued : 42 joe she say it 's important . with great effort norah pick up the receiver . norah what do you want ? rose Mac get we another gig . norah I be sleep . rose I will pick you up in a hour . norah no . 43 ext . albuquerque - day 43 Rose 's Nissan roll down a rough look albuquerque street toward a trailer park . 44 int . rose's car - day 44 Rose sip she 7 - 11 coffee . norah stare blank and blood-shot . norah you suck . rose money . norah you still suck . rose apparently some crazy bag lady squatter person die and -- norah you do not get I coffee ? rose I do not know you want any . norah of course I ... ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 26 . 44 continued : 44 norah shake she head in frustration . 45 ext . trailer park - day 45 Rose turn into the trailer park , head past a row of trailer , and park . Rose and norah get out of the car and approach a particularly run down trailer . norah how long be this gonna take ? rose all we have to do be go in and throw everything away . cake . 46 int . trailer home - day 46 Rose and norah open the door and the rancid sweet smell of decaye flesh splashes they in the face . they lift they T - shirt up over they nose and walk inside . Old newspaper stack to the ceiling . pile of trash lean like snowdrift against the wall . cat food encrust plate . norah open the bedroom door and peek in . fly buzz . she dart to another room and retch . rose great , now we be gonna have to clean that up too . Rose walk into the bedroom , blanch and stifles a gag reflex . norah storm past Rose and out the door . 47 ext . trailer park - day 47 Rose chase after norah and grab she arm . rose where be you go ? norah there be no way . norah shake off Rose and walk down the row of trailer . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 26a . 47 continued : 47 rose you say you would help I . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 27 . 47 continued : ( 2 ) 47 norah ( without turn ) maybe if you would get I a coffee . 48 int . trailer home - day 48 Rose pull she shirt off and wrap it around she head so that only she eye be expose . she strain to open a window that 's be paint shut . she bang and pull but it do not budge . Rose find a can of bean and whacks they against the base of the window in a attempt to break the seal . Rose grow more desperate with each fail effort . 49 ext . trailer park - day 49 norah watch Rose struggle with the window . pigeon gather at she foot and she give a little kick . birdseed tumble on to she shoe . she turn . a weathered man sit outside he small rectangular castle and toss birdseed to the pigeon . norah I be stand here . norah look back up to Rose still struggle with the window . finally , Rose muscle it open and throw norah a angry look of triumph . there ! 49a ext . albuquerque STREET - day 49 a Joe and oscar drive to a potential sale . 50 int . trailer home - day 50 norah tie a shirt around she face as she enter . they turn they attention to the discolor mattress attract fly in the corner . norah what do we do with that ? Rose shrug . look around . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 27a . 50 continued : 50 rose dumpster ? Rose and norah lift the mattress and drag it to the door . GREEN revision 3/5/07 28 . 51 ext . trailer park - day 51 Rose and norah struggle to transport the stinking mattress to the dumpster . it be a clumsy process . the thing tip and fall on norah . 52 int . mall - candy store - day 52 tucked inside a mall , the candy store do brisk business . pimple - face clerk ring up clump of overweight family . oscar pretend to look at hard candy while he listen to Joe and the manager . manager you be tell I this Fancy corn stuff be some kind of health food ? joe well , it 's a candy ... and a health food . absolutely . absolutely . manager yeah , I do not know . we do not have much more shelf space . oscar spot a girl peruse wax lip . she look to be about five or six . Joe ignore the manager and read ingredient off a twizzler package . joe glycerol monostearate ? what be that ? I can not even read that . Joe spin a can of Fancy corn around and point to the ingredient . joe read that . the manager lean close . manager High fructose -- joe no . the first thing list . the number one ingredient . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 28a . 52 continued : 52 manager corn . joe exactly . corn . can you think of anything more wholesome ? it 's all american for Christ 's sake . the manager 's not buy it . oscar take action . he position himself next to the girl . oscar do you know if they sell fancy corn here ? the girl look at he suspiciously . oscar do you even know what fancy corn be ? girl yes . oscar well , do they sell it here ? girl I dunno . she look back to the lip and try to ignore oscar . oscar I hear that the strawberry fancy corn give you bionic strength . girl that 's stupid . oscar it 's true . some kind of chemical in the strawberry flavor . if you eat a whole lot of it , it give you bionic strength . the girl give oscar a long stare . girl I do not believe you . oscar I do not care if you do or not . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 28b. 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 the girl watch he for a moment and then walk over and tug she mother 's shirt . joe I read where this chemical be get into the stream , make hermaphrodidic frog ! you think mother want to expose they kid to that stuff ? no way . more and more people be look for healthy alternative which be why the demand for this product be so huge right now . manager like I say , I already put in all the order I want for this year . just then , the girl mother walk up to the manager . girl mother Excuse I . do you carry something call fancy corn ? Joe look at oscar . oscar smile . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 29-30 . 52 continued : ( 3 ) 52 53 int . trailer home - day 53 much progress have be make on the trailer . Rose and norah work on the last remain pile of trash . norah it seem wrong though do not it ... to throw everything away . Rose toss a tatter fanny pack onto the heap in the garbage can . norah pluck it out and open it . norah pull out a photo id . she hold it up . the woman on the id look street - wear and crazy . norah I bet this be she . Rose sweep . norah dig deeper into the fanny pack and pull out a small packet wrap in satin ribbon . norah unty the ribbon and find a stack of old school photo . each photo be of a different grade . norah flip through the stack and the girl appear to grow up . norah wow , look at this . norah hold the senior photo next to the id . the resemblance between the two be clear . norah think it 's she daughter ? Rose look . shrug . norah should not we do something ? try to find she or something ? rose that 's none of you business , norah . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 31 . 53 continued : 53 Rose pick up a bag stuff with can and fast food wrapper . she scream and drop the bag . a giant ball of maggot writhes at she foot . rose ( point ) Hand I that . norah grab the dust pan and hand it to Rose . norah what if she do not know ? would not you want to know if this be mom ? norah look closely at the i.d. as Rose deposit trash and maggot into the garbage bin . the comparison anger Rose . rose Mom be never like this . Mom would never have be like this . norah think about that and look back at the i.d. norah I wonder how she die ? rose damnit norah , we still have a lot of shit to do here . be you just gonna talk ? 54 ext . candy store - day 54 Joe and oscar roll a handcart strapped with Fancy corn canister through the parking lot to the car . joe that be real good . you be a natural . you get the timing , you get the nerve . you be a real sharp cookie , you know that ? oscar no I be not . I be stupid . joe you be not stupid . what be you say ? you be not stupid . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 32 . 54 continued : 54 oscar yes I be . they want to put I in retard class . joe do not say that . oscar what ? joe it 's that teacher who be retarded . you be probably just too advanced for that class . you be bored . do you get bored in class ? oscar yeah . joe see . you be too smart ! and that teacher just do not know how to handle you . you be probably a goddamn genius . oscar you think so ? joe I know so ! 55 ext . lorkowski house - day 55 weed grow in the yard of the small house . 56 int . lorkowski house - norah' bedroom - day 56 norah empty the content of the fanny pack onto she bed . she examine the photo and pick up what appear to be a senior photo . she turn it over and see , write on the back , lynn wiseman - 1998 . 57 ext . motel - night 57 Rose 's sentra be again park next to the blue camry . GREEN revision 3/5/07 33. 58 int . motel room - night 58 same room as before . same curtain draw . Mac unzip Rose 's skirt and kiss she neck . rose it be so disgusting . I mean the smell , you would not believe . Mac 's in the sex zone . he unbutton he shirt and tune out all that distracting word tumble from Rose 's mouth . Rose , animated , slip she skirt off and toss it aside . rose there be fly everywhere and , really , the smell . I can not even describe it . Mac 's shoe hit the floor with a thud . he set he belt and gun on the dresser . mac shhhh . Rose pull she shirt over she head . Mac kiss she belly . rose but , after we finish ... you woulda never even know . we take all that away ... make it right . Mac pull off he pants . Rose hang she bra on the back of the chair and slip off she undy . mac I can not believe you ... I mean , I feel like I get you into this mess . her sense of pride wilt . her hand instinctively reach up to massage the nicotine patch on she arm . rose no , I - - mac listen , I be gonna pay for new real estate class . okay ? Rose look at mac. shrug . Mac smile . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 34 . 58 continued : 58 mac we will get you you license and then get you a little photo in the real estate section . you can drive people around all day and talk about ... gosh , what would you talk about ? ( suddenly very serious ) Crown molding ? Rose smile . apparently it 's some private joke . rose oh yeah , definitely talk about crown molding . the phrase seem to send a ripple of pleasure through Mac . rose property easement , square footage , appliance ... Mac react to each word as if it be some filthy sex talk . he look at Rose and raise a eyebrow . mac you be hold out on I . Rose roll she eye and laugh . rose freak . mac say it . come on . one time . she smile and shake she head . Mac wait . Rose relent . rose curb appeal . Mac growl and pounce on Rose . it 's fun and light . Rose laugh while Mac make a show of maul she neck . he fall on the bed and reach out . Rose take he hand . it 's rough against hers . there 's a circular indentation where he wedding ring be not . Rose stop laugh . she touch the invisible ring . rose why would you pick she ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 35 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 Mac look up . buzz kill . the residue of a smile fade . mac you know it be not like that . rose how be it like ? he take a step back . mac be you go to do that ? rose no . mac if this be go to get all heavy -- rose no . Rose turn around and kiss Mac . one of that soft , teasing kiss that end with a look that kick thing in gear . 59 ext . cleaning supply store - two day later - day 59 Rose pull she car up to one of many warehouse in the area and double check the address on a scrap of paper . 60 int . cleaning supply store - day 60 Rose and norah enter this no frill operation . cinder block wall and concrete floor . a small tv on the front counter offer up a not-so-classic afternoon movie line up . as they approach , the clerk drop out of sight behind the counter . Rose lean over to see the clerk on he knee search for something small and lose . rose Winston ? winston , 35 , crudely handsome with dark unkempt hair and full lip , look up . rose I speak with you on the phone . I be Rose lorkowski . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 36 . 60 continued : 60 Rose stick out she right hand . Winston stand to reveal he be miss he right arm . he clumsily shake she hand with he leave . rose so , we situation be ... on the tv , a waitress enter the frame . Rose stop . she and norah both turn and look at the tv . the waitress pour coffee and exit the frame without a word . Rose and norah turn back to Winston . Rose continue . rose we be do some postmortem kind of um ... specialize clean stuff and we have this really difficult ... norah smelly . Rose look at norah and nod . rose really smelly job where the lady have die and they do not find she for a while and it be really ... norah stinky . rose the odor be really strong . winston a decomp . Rose smile a little too enthusiastically . rose yeah , a decomp ! Winston motion they to follow he through the store . he indicate point of interest with a flat monotone voice . winston General purpose cleaner , extraction cleaner , odor control . we carry both the winzyme and the dr 450 . disinfectant , stain remover and shampoos . ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 37 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 winston ( cont would ) steamer , buffer , fogger , that kinda stuff 's in there , for rent or purchase . Quick absorb sawdust , good for vomit . the tour end at the back corner where respirator , safety glass , glove and tyvec coverall crowd the shelf . winston and you have get you personal protective gear back here . the door beeps as it open . carl swanson walk in wear he ` above and Beyond ' polo shirt . Winston return to the counter . 61 int . cleaning supply store - front counter - day 61 Carl grab a case of disinfectant and set it on the counter . Winston pull out some paperwork . carl you hear there be a couple of amateur poach job ? Winston shake he head . Rose and norah make they way to the counter with arm full of supplies and stand within earshot of Carl and Winston . carl Bruce say they take a decomp for five hundred buck . what do you wanna bet they throw all that shit right in the dumpster . norah nudge Rose . Carl pay and Rose and norah watch he leave . they step up and set they supplies on the counter . as Winston ring they up , Rose notice the shellack puzzle picture of a big white cat on the wall . rose hey , I have that puzzle . it 's a hard one . I think I get lose in the white and give up . Rose flash a `captain of the cheerlead squad ' smile . winston fifty -eight twenty - four . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 38 . 61 continued : 61 rose you like cat ? Winston look squarely at Rose and step into the back room . norah great . you freak he out . rose I ask he if he like cat . Winston return with several book and pamphlet . hazmat guideline , biohazard recovery and disposal , etc . winston bring this back . 62 int . rose's car - day 62 Rose drive while norah scan one of the book . norah turn out it 's against the law to throw bio hazard in the dumpster . who know ? Rose process the visit . norah how perfect be he with the one arm ? rose hmm ? norah the creepy guy . do you think he be bear like that ? rose I do not think he be creepy . norah dude , he have one arm . rose they think we be just a couple of hack . norah we be a couple of hack . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 39 . 62 continued : 62 norah look out the window . norah stop here . rose why ? norah I gotta thing . just drop I off here . Rose look confuse but pull over . 63 ext . lynn' apartment build - day 63 norah open the door and slide out . rose I will drop oscar by around seven . norah ( sarcastically ) you have class tonight ? Rose smile uncomfortably . rose mortgage lender and financing . norah shake she head in disgust . norah Heather 's pregnant again . do you know that ? he 's never go to leave she . Rose clenches she jaw and pick at a crack in the steering wheel . norah get out of the car . norah God , you be pathetic . norah slam the door and watch Rose drive off . norah stand at the door well and scan the apartment number listing . she see the name she 's look for , lynn wiseman . just then , lynn , the woman from the photo , open the door and walk past . caught off guard , norah follow she . GREEN revision 3/5/07 40 . 64 following through street 64 they walk several block , norah keep a safe distance behind Lynn . 65 ext . albuquerque blood SERVICES build - day 65 Lynn open the door to the building and disappear inside . norah follow . 66 int . albuquerque blood SERVICES build - day 66 Lynn step into a elevator . norah do too . 67 int . albuquerque blood SERVICES build - elevator - day 67 the door close . Lynn slap the `stop elevator ' button . norah emit a small yelp . lynn who be you ? norah what ? lynn why be you follow I ? norah I be not follow you . lynn you be follow I ! Lynn freeze for a moment . it seem she be not even breathe . her anger twist into fear . lynn be not you ? norah remain silent . Lynn pace back and forth . lynn oh no . norah what ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 41 . 67 continued : 67 lynn shit ! this be not happen . norah be uncomfortable . Lynn spin around to face norah . lynn listen , I be sorry . I think ... I think you be follow I . norah that 's all right . Lynn step closer . lynn you think I be crazy . norah no . no I do not . lynn I be not crazy . norah it be a mistake . no big deal . Lynn smile . norah release the stop button . nothing happen . lynn it 's not move . norah let 's press the alarm button . Lynn shrug . norah press the alarm button . there 's a loud quick ring . they wait for something to happen . a awkward silence hang in the air . norah give it another quick punch for good measure . smile . they look at the ceiling . they look at the floor . norah make little noise . norah take out she sign language book . she steal a quick sideways look at Lynn before settling on the series of small , illustrate hand before she . lynn go to the university ? norah me? no. Lynn lean close and check out the book . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 42 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 norah hobby ... Lynn size norah up . norah there 's this gorilla who know sign language and I have always think that would have to be the most amazing thing ever . you know ? to actually talk to a gorilla . lynn I think I have see something on -- norah nod . norah koko . lynn yeah , yeah , with the kitten . norah offer a sad nod . norah kitten die . it be not koko 's fault . she be heartbroken . a knocking sound reverberate through the elevator . lynn kind of weird , do not you think ? Teaching a gorilla to talk . probably , gorilla be not suppose to talk . norah that 's what 's so cool about it . Lynn take a long bold look at norah . norah sweat . the elevator move . lynn I be sorry again about the ... norah no , do not ... it 's fine . Lynn lightly touch the crook of norah 's arm . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 43 . 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 lynn you have get nice vein . norah smile self consciously . she 's flustered . not a familiar sensation . the door open to the " albuquerque blood service . " lynn you should give blood . Lynn step off the elevator and grab a white coat from a rack . she glance back with a smile just as the door close . 68 ext . lorkowski house - night 68 the house be dark except for a tv in the live room and a light in norah 's bedroom window . 69 int . lorkowski house - norah' bedroom - night 69 norah pull the photo from she bag and set they on a shelf next to the candy heart . then , she drop to the floor and pull the lunch BOX from under she bed . she survey the content : lipstick tip cigarette butt , a eyelash curler , a Blue jay feather , a old photo . in the photo two girl , twelve and five , stand with they mom . a cigarette dangle from the mother 's ruby red mouth . 70 ext . motel - night 70 this time Rose 's sentra sit alone . no blue camry in sight . 71 int . motel room - night 71 Rose lie in bed and listen to car go by on the highway . she check she watch , pick up the phone and dial . rose hi. could you tell I what time you have ? okay . thanks . Rose hang up and fall back onto the bed , foot dangle off the edge . she stare at the ceiling and whisper . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 44 . 71 continued : 71 rose I be strong . I be powerful . I be a winner . ( pause ) I be a fuck idiot . 71a int . motel hallway - night 71a Rose stand in the motel 's glass enclose hallway watch the world go by . 72 int . lorkowski house - live room - night 72 Joe clear the dinner table while oscar occupy himself with marker , construction paper , and a creative impulse . Rose walk in defeat . joe you be back early . rose I be quit real estate . joe what be you talk about ? you can not quit real estate . you be gonna be great at real estate . you get the whole look and besides , that 's where everything 's head . Hell , it 's what I should have do forty year ago . rose shut up . Rose sit at the table next to oscar . she look miserable . oscar look at he mom . oscar want I to make you something happy ? Rose can not help but smile . rose yeah . I would like that . joe make I something happy too . GREEN revision 3/5/07 44a . 73 int . cleaning supply store - three day later - day 73 Rose hand Winston a canister of Fancy corn and a business card . Ray of the sun dart off the edge of the card in a style of a child 's draw . it read , " Sunshine Cleaning . " winston Sunshine Cleaning . Nice . rose think we would put a positive spin on thing . my son draw the design . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 45 . 73 continued : 73 oscar stare at Winston 's empty sleeve . winston that 's a nice job you do there . oscar where 's you arm ? rose oscar ! winston that 's all right . rose I be think maybe I could set a few out by the register ? winston yeah sure . Rose hand Winston a stack of card . he place they in a owl business card holder in front of several clean sweep business card . winston this be great but you guy should really get out there and market yourselves . oscar play with a extraction cleaner and accidently turn it on . Winston give he a nod that indicate that he should turn it off . he do . rose so , marketing ? like ...? winston funeral Homes , property manager ... what you really want be to get in with the insurance company . they can throw you a ton of work . oscar walk into the back room . 74 int . cleaning supply store - back room - day 74 the room be jamme with model plane , car and boat in various stage of construction . a hobbyist 's fantasy land . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 46 . 74 continued : 74 oscar 's mouth drop open . 75 int . cleaning supply store - day 75 Winston puff up a bit with `manly know how ' . winston do you guy have you b.b.p. certification ? rose b.b. who ? Winston smile . winston blood bear pathogen . the big money job ... they will expect you to be certified . I can register you for the next seminar if you want . 76 ext . lawson's used car lot - two day later - day 76 Rose , norah , oscar and Joe follow sherm lawson across the car lot . Rose shoot a irritate look to she dad . rose ( whisper to norah ) do you ask he to come . norah not exactly . Joe position himself next to Rose . joe ( quietly to Rose ) now sherm 's gonna say he 's against the wall but do not you believe he . there 's always some wiggle room . rose I can handle it . the troop come to a stop in front of a large blue van . sherm I think you be gonna like this econoline . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 46a . 76 continued : 76 sherm open the back door . Rose , Joe and sherm stick they head inside . Rose nod . joe the girl have start up they own specialize clean business . crime scene and trauma clean-up . rose it 's a real growth industry . sherm sound kinda gory . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 47 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 rose can be . can be . Rose survey the interior space . rose we gotta take any contaminate material to the incinerator . so we will need lot of space back here . oscar for the bloody stuff . rose so , how much be this ? sherm nineteen ninety-nine . joe what 's the play on that ? sherm oh , that 's the floor right there . I be actually take a loss on this to make room for some new product . rose well , I could pay cash . sherm Cash be good . sherm walk around and unlock the driver 's side door . joe ( whisper to Rose ) ask he about the bumper . rose what ? joe the dent bumper . Rose approach sherm with a smile . rose I notice the bumper 's kind of bang up . sherm smile . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 47a . 76 continued : ( 3 ) 76 sherm character . joe we be over at motor Mart on loma earlier . they get a nice look chevy G series for eighteen . sherm power steering ? Joe nod . oscar crawl into the passenger seat for a closer look . he see the cb mount on the ceiling and tug norah 's sleeve . oscar what 's that ? norah oh , excellent . rose God , do people even use that anymore ? oscar what be it ? sherm grab the handset to demonstrate . sherm it 's a cb . you talk into this thing and hold this thing down and it turn you voice into radio wave and send it into the heaven . oscar Heaven ? sherm toss the key to Rose . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 48 . 76 continued : ( 4 ) 76 sherm why do not you take it for a test drive . Rose , norah and oscar pile into the van . Joe hang back with sherm . 77 ext . STREET - day 77 the econo van rumble by . GREEN revision 3/5/07 49 . 78 int . van - day 78 Rose drive . norah sit shotgun and sing the baseline to a 70 era porno . oscar kneel between they stare at the cb . norah bow-chicka-bow -bow . can I drive ? rose no . oscar try the cb ! Rose reach up and click the cb on . nothing but static . she adjust the frequency dial until she land on the faintest hint of a voice bury beneath the crush of static . oscar 's face light up with amazement . Rose be under - whelmed . she click the cb off . rose antenna 's probably break . norah point out the window . norah Ice cream Hut ! 79 ext . ice cream hut - day 79 Rose pay for three soft serve cone and make she way to the picnic table where norah and oscar wait . norah point to a `apartment for rent ' sign on the building across the street . a big bosome woman sit on the porch with a rabbit in she lap . norah how cool to live across from the Ice cream Hut . Rose distribute the melty goods . rose you should rent it . seriously , you be make money now . norah assess the building . the rabbit lady see they stare . she wave . Rose and norah turn around amused . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 50 . 79 continued : 79 norah yeah well , what about dad ? rose oh please , dad would survive just fine . you should do it . as norah think about a possible move glisten rivulet of chocolate ice cream drip down oscar 's cone , over he hand and on to norah 's leg . norah ahh ! lick around the base . secure the perimeter . ( to Rose ) do not you teach this kid anything ? norah demonstrate proper technique . she extend she tongue out to the bottom edge of the drip glob , then twirl the cone to lick away the troublesome chocolate . lynn ( o.s. ) it 's the gorilla girl . norah look up to see Lynn with a milk shake in hand . a involuntary smile break across norah . lynn you never come to donate . norah yeah . Lynn look at Rose . a awkward moment pass . norah my sister . Rose smile , nod a hi . something familiar about the girl nag at Rose . she search to connect a face out of context . Lynn eye norah . chemistry . lynn we have snack you know . juice box . norah have I know about the juice box ... ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 51 . 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 Rose make the connection - she smile drop . Lynn pick up on the tension between the two . lynn okay . well , see you around . Lynn leave . Rose slap norah with a accuse look . 80 ext . lawson's used car lot - day 80 Joe stand with sherm and wait for the girl to return . he look at he watch . sherm you still sell that luggage ? joe no , no . that be a whole big mess . sherm crappy zipper . be not that it ? sherm smile . Joe 's smile disappear . joe yeah , that 's be a while now . dropped the luggage around the time you other lot when out of business . touche . sherm 's smile dissolves . sherm I could maybe drop it to nineteen even . Joe hold out for more . sherm and toss in some wiper fluid . Joe smile . 81 ext . ice cream hut - day 81 Rose , norah and oscar walk back to the van . everyone 's slightly stickier . Rose clenches she jaw . rose what the hell ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 51a . 81 continued : 81 norah I just want to give she the picture . rose you take the picture ? why would you do that ? we could get in a lot of trouble for that . norah relax , I do not give they to she . 82 int . lorkowski house - live room - one week later - 82 evening Joe sit in he lazy Boy as norah haul a box from she room . norah it 's just three block away . joe I know . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 52 . 82 continued : 82 norah it 's not like I be never gonna see you . joe hey , I think you should have do this a long time ago . Joe strain to be cavalier but he can not look at norah . 83 ext . HOTEL - next day - day 83 a marquee welcome the conference attendee . 84 int . HOTEL conference room ­ day 84 Rose sit on a fold chair and take note . the thirty or so people listen to the speaker appear to be mostly hospital staff and emt worker . a placard near the door read : seminar for blood borne pathogen . carl swanson lean forward from he chair and look down the row to Rose . speaker ok . let 's take a quick break before we move on to potential pathogen suspend in excrement . 85 int . HOTEL conference room ­ food table - day 85 Rose stand by a display of medical waste pamphlet and munch on a sandwich . as she take a bite , Carl walk up . carl food 's better at the bar . ( hold out he hand ) Carl swanson , above and Beyond . fluster , Rose brushes crumb off she face and inadvertently deposit a blob of mustard on she cheek . they shake hand . rose Rose - ( swallow ) Rose lorkowski . Nice to meet you . carl I hear you be my new competition . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 53 . 85 continued : 85 rose we be hardly competition for you . carl ( smile ) I be glad to see you be do a little homework . a lot of people , you know , they think they can just jump in to this , make lot of money . but , they do not know what they be do . no idea . they be not professional and that make we all look bad . rose well , we be not like that . I just have to complete this seminar and we be certified . carl you be not certified ? rose not yet . probably by the end of the month . Carl smile , dip a napkin in he cup of water and wipe the smudge of mustard from Rose 's cheek . carl you have a ... attendee file back to they chair . rose I think it 's start . carl sure I can not buy you a drink ? 86 int . HOTEL bar - day 86 Rose and Carl sit at the bar nursing drink . carl if you spray the enzyme at that point it will just turn back to liquid which be a pain in the ass . the key be to bag it when it 's kind of jell - o-ee . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 54 . 86 continued : 86 rose that make total sense . why do not I think of that ? carl you just figure all this shit out as you go . experience . Rose chew on she cocktail straw . rose it 's not how I think it would be . I think it would be gross . Rose stop . reflect . turn to Carl . rose sometimes it 's gross . the maggot be gross . the maggot kind of freak I . carl yeah . rose the sound . the munch sound . carl and it 's so hard to kill the little fucker . rose tell I about it . you pour industrial bleach right on `em ... nothing . Carl offer a know nod . carl just roll they eye and call you a pussy . Rose laugh and take another sip of she drink . 87 int . HOTEL room ­ day 87 the door to the bathroom be open . Carl hum a happy tune in the shower . Rose shimmy back into she clothes with a expression of self - loathing . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 55 . 87 continued : 87 rose I be strong . I be powerful . 88 int . van - three day later - day 88 Rose drive and norah hold a long list of funeral home and other establishment . they be all cross off . oscar sit bored in the back . oscar what 's a bastard ? Rose look at norah with concern . oscar Jeremy say I be a bastard . what do that mean ? Rose have no idea how to respond . norah turn to face oscar . norah it just mean you mom be not marry when she have you . it 's no big deal . in a couple of year you be gonna find it 's a free pass to cool . you will probably start a band call bastard Son . use it to impress the chick . trust I , the whole bastard thing ... it 's work for you . oscar look to Rose and then back to norah . Rose 's phone ring . she answer it , relieved for the distraction rose hello , Sunshine Cleaning ... well , I be glad you like the Fancy corn .... okay , yeah , yeah . Rose grab a pen , hand it to norah and motion for she to write something down . rose okay ... 2327 Grove Avenue . get it ... sure . yeah . thank you . Rose hang up . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 56 . 88 continued : 88 norah what be that ? rose a suicide ! 89 ext . brick rancher - day 89 Rose pull the van up to the house and see the old lady sit out front . mrs. davis . rose oh , man . Rose and norah exchange a look and then Rose turn to oscar . rose ok . stay in the van . you want a soda or anything ? oscar shake he head . rose we will not be long . as Rose and norah get out and unload supplies the old lady stand to greet they . she 's dress up in the way old lady be when they expect company . rose Mrs. Davis ? the woman nod . she be daze with grief . rose we be the clean service . mrs . davis yes , yes . I ... I want to give you the key . the old woman hold out a shaky hand . Rose gently take the key . norah hang back . mrs . davis in the sunroom . that 's where my husband ... I have bridge and ... she blink twice , slowly , then snap back . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 57 . 89 continued : 89 mrs . davis do you need I to show you ? rose no , no . I think we can find it . mrs . davis oh. okay . that 's good then . Rose and norah gather they thing and head up the stair . mrs . davis my son- in-law 's come to take I to lunch at the Howard Johnson 's . they have such nice roll there . Rose hand norah the key and motion for she to go ahead . rose would you like to sit for a moment , Mrs. Davis ? mrs . davis yes dear , I think I would . Rose sit down on the step with Mrs. Davis and norah quietly enter the house . from the van oscar watch Rose and the old woman sit side by side on the front step . Rose 's hand rest lightly on the woman 's bony shoulder . word seem useless . 90 int . brick rancher - live room - day 90 norah look around the room furnish modestly with a mixture of antique and thing that be simply old . yellow sticky note cling to door , wall , light switch , etc . each note contain a simple instruction such as `turn off light ' or `watch news at 6:00 ' . norah walk past family photo that line the hall . 91 int . brick rancher - sunroom - day 91 norah enter the red splatter room . a walker lie on its side next to a blood -soak rug . Golden sunlight pour through the window . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 58 . 91 continued : 91 a yellow square stick to a picture frame on the coffee table . the frame hold the image of a smile young couple in a different era . the note read ` edna play bridge at 4:00 ' . norah slip a tyvec jumper on and look out the window . a car pull up to the curb . norah stop and watch she sister walk Mrs. Davis to the car before start she work . 92 int . brick rancher - sunroom - moment later 92 Rose enter quietly , in a fog . the stillness of grief be contagious . norah she okay ? Rose nod and pick up the photo of a young Mr and Mrs Davis . she then step into she tyvec coverall and zip up . 93 int . van - dusk 93 norah drive . Rose hold oscar in she lap , arm clasped tight around he . oscar that lady seem really sad . rose her husband die . oscar think about this a moment . oscar so he 's in heaven ? Rose nod . oscar maybe we could let she use we cb and she could talk to he . Rose look confuse . oscar press on . oscar maybe he would hear she . Rose smile . do not seem like the moment to correct he . rose maybe . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 59 . 93 continued : 93 they ride the rest of the way home in silence . 94 ext . convenience store - next day - day 94 Joe 's monte Carlo sit out front . 95 int . convenience store - day 95 oscar and Joe scratch game card . oscar I win a million dollar ! joe let I see that . oscar hand the ticket over . joe you gotta get two hydrant with a match amount . see ? none of you fire hydrant match . oscar look at the lucky Dog card with defeat . joe and three zero be a thousand dollar . you woulda win a thousand dollar but it do not match anything . oscar what happen if it do not match anything ? joe you toss it and try the next one . oscar move on to he next ticket . he scratch the coating away and tentatively lift he game card oscar I think I win five hundred dollar . Joe look at the card . he look at oscar and grin . oscar I be gonna buy a trampoline and a karaoke player and some chocolate honey dip donut . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 59a . 95 continued : 95 joe whoa now . hold up there kiddo . that 's not you money . that 's my money . oscar I scratch it . joe yes you do . you scratch the ticket that I buy . oscar follow he grampa over to the pay phone . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 60 . 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 joe and we be not go to spend the money . we be go to invest the money . Joe plunk in some quarter , dial , wait while it ring . joe see , that 's the difference between a regular person and somebody with business acumen . that 's a good word for you to know . a-cu-men . means smart . oscar nod and sip he Coke . joe ( into the receiver ) Bobby ! Joe lorkowski here . ( laugh ) I tell you I would call . ( pause ) yeah well , I get the money and we be in . but you gotta throw in twenty bag of ice . 96 int . rose's house - kitchen - day 96 Rose pay bill at the kitchen table . oscar bounce a super ball . oscar we be gonna make the money grow because that 's the smart way . it 's capital and you do not spend that . you invest it . that way you can get the sp250 and have money leave over . rose what be you talk about ? oscar race out of the kitchen and then race back in with a pamphlet showcase the amazingly sleek sp250 binocular . he hand the pamphlet to Rose . oscar the binocular that grampa 's gonna get I for my birthday . ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 60a . 96 continued : 96 oscar ( cont would ) they have get a internal stabilizer thingy that 's electronic so if you be in a speed boat or something it will not matter and ... ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 61 . 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 rose oh honey , come here . Rose pull out a chair for oscar . oscar sit down and cross he arm in front of himself . rose sometimes you grampa promise thing that he really want to happen . oscar no , he 's really gonna get `em . he 's get a plan . rose okay . if you say so . Rose go back to the bill . 97 int . albuquerque blood SERVICES ­ day 97 Lynn wear a white coat . norah sit in one of the recline chair scattered about the room . norah you make it seem so fun . lynn oh it be fun . would you like a refreshment ? norah smile and shake she head . lynn no ? norah watch Lynn 's hand push up she sleeve . Lynn rub iodine in expand circle on the inside of norah 's arm . Lynn put plastic glove on and tie a tourniquet around norah 's arm . she put a rubber ball in norah 's hand . lynn can you squeeze that for I ? norah squeeze the ball and Lynn touch the plump vein . lynn that 's good . one more time . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 62 . 97 continued : 97 Lynn take the needle and draw it close to norah 's arm . norah oh my God , be that the needle ? it 's a fuck cocktail straw . norah look nervous . Lynn smile reassuringly . lynn trust I , I be very good at this . squeeze again . norah squeeze , Lynn touch the soft blue stripe of blood beneath norah 's skin and slide the needle into the vein . lynn be not that fun ? norah you might have oversold it . Lynn smile . lynn kind of twirl the ball around in you hand . good . it do not hurt , do it ? norah ( shake she head ) feel hot . lynn that 's a good sign . norah self - consciously nod and smile . Lynn turn and jostle the bag of blood . norah my friend 's have a thing tonight . Lynn switch she attention from the blood back to norah . norah never mind . lynn what ? norah nothing it 's ... ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 63 . 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 lynn what ? norah you would not like it . lynn I might like it . 98 ext . party house - night 98 Music and party - goer spill from the student ghetto house . 99 int . party house ­ live room - night 99 norah and Lynn sit on a ratty couch in a crowded smoke fill room . next to they , a flannel wear burn - out rock to headphone . norah wear a candy necklace . debauchery play out around they . norah I know you would not have any fun here . lynn I be have fun . norah take a tug on the joint and pass it to Lynn . lynn no thanks . norah lamb breath . lynn yeah , no thanks . norah straight edge ? lynn ( shake head ) just kind of superstitious . norah nod and pass the joint across Lynn to the burn-out . the burn - out tug and pass it back to Lynn . Lynn wave it off a second time . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 64 . 99 continued : 99 norah she 's mormon . lynn I be not mormon . I just ... you be gonna think it 's weird . norah what ? lynn sometimes I think that when you get high or drink or alter you consciousness like that -- norah you do not drink ? Lynn shake she head . lynn I think it weaken you psychically ... like it create this crack and then bad thing can seep in and maybe never go away . norah stare at Lynn with great blood - shot concentration . norah all right , you be kind of freakin I out . lynn sorry . norah you should just tell people you be mormon . lynn I think you boyfriend be win . two woman gnaw at Randy 's neck . his necklace be almost empty . norah yes . yes , he be . Lynn lightly tug on norah 's candy necklace . she lean in close and take a bite of the candy . norah catch she breath . paralyze . Lynn smile , pleased by norah 's reaction . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 65 . 99 continued : ( 2 ) 99 lynn ( whisper ) breathe . norah snap back . norah I need more beer . norah pull herself off the couch and start for the keg . she stop . turn . norah um . can I get you anything ? lynn I be good . norah offer a nervous smile . 100 int . norah' apartment ­ live room - night 100 norah and Randy lie on a thread bare couch . they body rock to the motion of sex . norah 's thought be elsewhere . a small tv sit next to norah 's grow collection of find trinket . it spill blue light into the smoke tinged air . on the tv , a reporter stand outside quicky lube . norah turn she attention to the tv while Randy pump and grind . she grab the remote . reporter ( on tv ) tragedy today when a out of control driver crash he car into a south side quicky lube kill one employee . randy what be you do ? norah shh . norah turn up the volume . Randy grind to a halt . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 66 . 100 continued : 100 reporter the driver of the automobile , apparently suffer a heart attack at the wheel and be currently in critical condition . the phone ring . Randy glare at norah . norah answer . norah hello . randy unbelievable . norah ( into phone ) yeah , I be watch it now . 101 ext . road ­ night 101 a van zoom past with a sunshine cleaning magnet on the door . 102 ext . norah' apartment ­ night 102 Randy step out onto the porch where the big bosome rabbit lady stroke she rabbit . he close the door behind he . randy hey . rabbit lady hey . Randy start down the step feel deject . rabbit lady you like rabbit ? Randy stop and turn . 103 ext . quicky lube ­ night 103 the large glass panel that make up the front of the store be shattered . shard dangle from red tip edge . blood and glass mingle on the linoleum floor and plastic chair . outside , Mac motion a stunne crowd to disperse . Rose and norah walk confidently past Mac into the lobby where a man wear a Quick lube shirt stand off to the side and cry . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 67 . 103 continued : 103 Mac watch as Rose go back inside and greet the officer . 104 int . quicky lube - night 104 the officer point to the shattered glass . officer nut job go through the window there . ( he stop , turn ) you guy be bbp certify , right ? rose legally , it 's not really necessary . norah we be . rose we be in the process . norah you go to that thing . rose we adhere to all the proper procedure when deal with a potentially hazardous situation . we be very professional . norah wait . I think you go to that thing . Rose scan the area . rose be you guy all finish ? officer it 's all yours . Rose and norah slip into they tyvecs . rose why do not you grab the wet-vac and I will start bag the loose stuff . the officer walk past Mac who continue to stare at Rose . she look beautiful and strong . GREEN revision 3/5/07 68 . 105 ext . quicky lube parking lot - night 105 Rose and norah pull supplies from the van and ready themselves for the quicky lube job . norah I think you go to the thing . rose I do . I mean , I go to part of it . most of it . norah what do you mean you go to part of it ? it be a one day thing . rose I get side track . norah side track ? rose that above and Beyond guy be there . Carl . we get talk shop and -- norah oh my God , you humped Carl ! Rose can not deny it . norah shake she head . rose I be already register for the next one . norah that 's disgusting . 106 ext . desert road - two day later - day 106 Joe and oscar sit in the car pull off to the side of a lonely highway intersection . joe you get twenty buck and you want three pizza 's . they cost five dollar each and you have a coupon for two dollar off . ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 69 . 106 continued : 106 joe ( cont would ) you figure you will tip the delivery guy a couple buck but the delivery guy turn out to be a lady . Real sizzler . so you give she a crisp five . how much do you have leave ? oscar think . Joe assume there 's no way the kid 's get this and turn he attention outside . a truck appear on the horizon . oscar two dollar ? joe hey , how would you come up with that ? oscar math . the truck slow down as it reach the intersection , pull off the road , and stop . Joe get out and walk over . oscar watch the trucker hop down from the cab and shake Joe 's hand like they be old friend . CUT to the trunk of the monte Carlo brim with shrimp and ice . Joe slam it close , climb in the car and give oscar a wink . 107 ext . highway - day 107 the monte Carlo slice through a vast empty landscape . 108 int . joe' car - day 108 Joe beam with excitement . joe the thing be oscar ... and this be important to learn early ... life be sale . buying and sell . it 's the core of social interaction . and human being be social being . smoke start to seep out from under the hood . Joe eye the temperature gauge . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 69a . 108 continued : 108 joe no , no , no , no , no . 109 ext . adobe house - day 109 norah load equipment into the van , get in and wait for Rose to finish the transaction . a middle aged woman open the door . she 's angry . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 70 . 109 continued : 109 rose I be sorry , I do not mean to bother you . I just want to let you know that we be all finish up and -- the woman glare at Rose . middle aged woman oh , you want to get pay . rose we can come back later if that 's better . the woman shake she head and hold out a check . middle aged woman I can not believe I have to deal with this now . my son just die for Christ 's sake . the woman look away . rose I be so sorry for you loss . Rose start to leave . middle aged woman thank you . Rose stop . turn middle aged woman for what you do . thank you . Rose nod and continue on to the van . 110 int . van - day 110 they ride down a albuquerque street in silence . rose you want a Coke ? norah sure . GREEN revision 3/5/07 71 . 111 int . gas station foodmart - day 111 Rose fill a cup at the soda fountain . through the window she see Mac and family pull up on the other side of the store . Mac get out and pump gas . the woman , heather , laugh with the little girl in the back seat . they look happy . Rose 's fountain drink overflow . rose dammit . Rose grab for a napkin which clump and tear . the door beeps . Rose jump behind the candy rack and peek around . all clear . she turn and smack into Heather . Heather glare at Rose . heather you think I do not know ? Heather tremble with anger . Rose stand freeze . heather you may have be hot shit in high school but what be you now ? nothing . a waste of space . Heather reach out and give Rose a little push . ten year of anger culminate in this one anti climactic gesture . Rose watch Heather walk away and know every word be true . 112 ext . desert road - day 112 a stream of water leak from the trunk . Joe get out cursing under he breath . he kick the car and a hub cap fall off . it 's a unbearable insult . joe stupid shit heap ! fifty year of failure result in a explosion of frustration . Joe stomp on the hub cap , pick it up and throw it as far as he can . Joe gather himself and lean in the window . he force a smile at oscar . oscar look nervous . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 72 . 112 continued : 112 joe it 's alright . everything 's okay . Joe open the trunk and check on the shrimp . a car zoom by . Joe try to wave it down . no good . another zoom by . joe come on , come on , come on , come on . Joe struggle to wave down a car . no luck . Joe have a idea . joe make like you be cry . oscar turn on the tear . a car stop . 113 int . lorkowski house - live room - evening 113 Rose walk in . oscar and Joe feign casualness . Joe look at the bathroom door which stand open . Inside the tub brim with shrimp and ice . rose what do you guy do today ? oscar nothing . Rose turn to Joe who shrug . rose how 's it without norah here ? joe weird . Joe walk over and casually shut the bathroom door . 114 ext . doghouse weiner hut ­ night 114 Randy stuff he face with a hotdog while norah glare , annoyed . randy I be sorry . I know it be stupid . norah on so many level . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 73 . 114 continued : 114 randy I be really sorry . I swear it will not happen again . it 's just ... you be not around and ... norah shake she head . Randy do not know what to say . norah listen , Randy I think we should stop hang out . randy you be break up with I over the rabbit lady ? norah do not respond . randy I do not know , the way you act , I do not even think that you would care that much . norah yeah , I do not . I should , but I do not . and you be a really great guy . but ... I do not care if you have sex with the rabbit lady ... and I mean , it seem like I should care about that . 115 int . rose's house - live room - night 115 Rose open a stack of neglect mail . she be interrupt by a light knock on the door . Rose peek out the peep hole . rose shit . Rose hesitates , then open the door just a crack . mac Rose . rose what be you do here ? mac can we talk a minute ? rose oscar 's asleep . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 74 . 115 continued : 115 Rose stand she ground for a moment before step outside . mac it be great see you last night . you look so professional and confident . you own business ... Mac touch she lightly on the arm . rose how 's the baby ? Mac look away . mac I just want to congratulate you on the business . seem like thing be really go great for you . Rose and Mac 's eye meet . Rose smile . rose they be . if we keep go at this rate I can hire a couple of employee soon , put a little more in marketing , give that clean sweep guy a run for they money . Rose glow . rose I be a business woman . mac ( nodd ) you be a business woman . 116 ext . lynn' apartment build - night 116 norah stand dishevel , six pack in hand . Lynn open the door wear slipper . norah ever be trestle ? 117 ext nob hill restaurant row - night 117 shrimp jiggle in Joe 's hand cart as he make he way toward the row of upscale restaurant . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 75 . 117 continued : 117 a couple of upscale hipster stare curiously at the hand cart as they pass Joe . 118 int . rose's house - oscar' bedroom - night 118 sound of sex seep through thin wall . oscar sit up in bed . after a moment he crawl out of bed , he grab a flashlight from he shelf and exit he room . 118a int . rose's apartment - rose's bedroom - night 118a the mattress squeak slightly as Mac and Rose have sex . 119 ext . rose's house - night 119 in pajamas and bare foot , oscar step into the night . he flick on the flashlight . 120 ext . wood - night 120 norah lead Lynn through a wood area toward a train trestle . norah carry the two remain beer of a six pack . lynn be the body there ? norah no . the person be go . it 's weird `cuz we be connect to they in this strangely intimate way ... but we never actually meet they . it 's just kind of weird . norah step over a discard tire . norah I have see a dead body once though . lynn yeah ? norah my mom . Lynn follow norah , not know how to respond . it 's awkward . norah try to lighten thing . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 75a . 120 continued : 120 norah she be in a movie of the week once , ya know . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 76 . 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 lynn you mom ? norah nod . norah a bunch of Hollywood people be filming down in Old town . they think my mom be so beautiful and so talented that they give she a speak part . you want to hear it ? Lynn nod . norah ` I recommend the pecan pie . ' norah look back at Lynn for applause . lynn I recommend the pecan pie ? norah nod . norah that be she line . it be on tv and everything . lynn that 's pretty cool . norah I and Rose , we do not actually see it but Rose say mom talk about it all the time . I do not remember . norah shrug . norah I do not remember she much at all . I have this box of she stuff though , little thing she touch . when it seem like she never even really exist ... it 's proof . the two reach the bottom of a train trestle . norah all right . this be where we climb . lynn what ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 77 . 120 continued : ( 3 ) 120 norah up to that girder . norah point to a rusted girder about eight foot from the underbelly of the track . lynn I be not climb up there . norah best place to be when it come . lynn uh-uh . norah slip she hand through one of the plastic ring of the six pack and start to climb . norah you be gonna miss the best part . lynn I accept that . the two can of beer dangle from norah 's arm like a giant charm bracelet and clank against girder as she climb . norah it 's like ... it 's like this big piss off God up in you face just scream at you . so close you can smell the metal on he breath . lynn sound great . norah it be . I be tell you . norah wedge she butt into the belly of a beam and tap she finger against the rusted girder . after a moment she lean out and look down toward Lynn . norah I do not mean to bum you out with the whole mom stuff . I just think you would ... I do not know , I guess I think ... lynn what ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 78 . 120 continued : ( 4 ) 120 the trestle start to shake . norah he 's come . the thunder get louder . Lynn cover she ear . norah pop open a beer and laugh as the train approach . 121 ext . rose's house - night 121 oscar walk along the sidewalk alone . he stop at the van , open the door and get in . he look very small in the driver 's seat . he lift the handset to the cb . intercut dialogue with following sequence oscar what be I before I be bear ? what happen when we die ? do animal go to the same place as we go after we die ? be heaven really crowded ? when somebody get a arm chop off do it go to heaven ? be Jesus another name for you or be you two separate people ? be you bear ? will you die ? if you already live in heaven where do you go when you die ? 122 ext . train trestle - night 122 the train careen above norah . spark fly from the blur of wheel . the sky flash between each of the car . star and grease and metal and night collide . norah close she eye . the sound of the train merge with the loud static of a cb . 123 ext . lorkowski house - front yard - 1987 - day 123 the sky be a electric blue . the kind that life in memory and dream . Rose ( 10 ) and norah ( 5 ) play in a park car . Rose pretend to drive and smoke a cigarette while norah make face in the rearview mirror . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 78a . 123 continued : 123 Rose get out of the car and race toward the house . norah chase after . norah Rose , wait for I . GREEN revision 3/5/07 79 . 124 int . lorkowski house - live room - 1987 - day 124 a giggle Rose stumble in . she stop . the bathroom door be open slightly . she walk over peek through the open . there 's a dress crumpled on the floor . a woman slump motionless in the tub . her delicate hand hang over the edge . scarlet fingerprint mar the white porcelain . norah enter the front door . she smile , unburdene by the knowledge . she run towards Rose . Rose quickly push she back and close the door . norah sense something 's wrong . she struggle to see what 's behind the door but Rose will not let go . 125 ext . train trestle - night 125 the static mix back into the roar of the train . the roar grow distant and be replace by norah 's laughter . still laugh , norah take a sip of she beer and set it on a beam next to she . the beer fall . norah try to catch it , lose she balance and fall with a thud . Lynn catch she breath . lynn oh , shit . Lynn run over to find norah on she back , eye close . norah open she eye and laugh . lynn you idiot . norah grab the beer that she have be chase . there 's not much leave but she downs the remainder . norah sneaky fucker . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 80 . 125 continued : 125 lynn that be really stupid . norah I think I break my hand . lynn really ? Lynn lean close with real concern . norah no . but it hurt like a mother . Lynn pop the top on the remain beer and take a huge gulp before hand it to norah . 126 ext . rose's house - sidewalk - night 126 oscar walk down the sidewalk alone . his flashlight provide small circle of light on the cement in front of he . 127 int . rose's house - live room - night 127 Rose stand in she T-shirt and undy . Mac shut the door . Rose lean she head against the door and exhales deeply . she turn as if something be call she . 128 int . rose's house - kitchen - night 128 Rose stand on tip toe and feel around on top of the refrigerator until she find what she 's look for ... emergency cigarettes . 129 int . rose's house - live room - night 129 Rose sit down on the couch and light she cigarette . the nicotine patch be still clearly visible on she arm . Rose look at the stack of unopen mail . something grab she attention . a envelope bear the return address of Paula datzman - mead . Rose rip open the envelope . Rose stare at a invitation to Paula 's baby shower . a smile creep across she face . the front door open and oscar walk in . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 81 . 129 continued : 129 rose oscar ? brow furrow , he walk past Rose without acknowledge she . he go straight to he room and shut the door . 130 int . norah' apartment ­ live room - night 130 a bottle of wine sit empty on a box next to two nearly empty styrofoam cup . lynn how 's the hand ? norah shake the last few drop from she cup and start gnaw on the side . Lynn take norah 's hand and examine it . norah ow ! lynn sorry . Lynn draw norah 's hand close to she lip . smile . look at norah . norah 's a deer in headlight . Lynn kiss norah 's hand . everything be still and tense . lynn better ? norah stare at she recently kiss hand and nod . she look up to Lynn . Lynn kiss norah lightly on the lip . a tester kiss . then again . softly . norah do not move , eye lock on Lynn . all be good . norah lean in and kiss Lynn 's neck . Lynn 's eye be close enjoy the moment . Lynn open she eye . the school photo of Lynn sit directly across from she on the shelf . Lynn stare at the picture . wave of recognition and confusion register in she eye . norah kiss Lynn 's neck oblivious . lynn be that ? Lynn pull away . lynn be that ... ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 82 . 130 continued : 130 Lynn try to suss it out , shake she head , look at norah . lynn how do you have my school picture ? norah I just ... I find they . I be gonna tell you . Lynn shake she head disbely . lynn where would you find old picture of I ? norah at work . lynn what ? norah we do this job a while back . this woman ... Lynn scan the other trinket arrange neatly on the shelf . her eye focus on the photo id . her mother . her face go completely blank . shock . lynn my mom . norah bite she lip and nod . lynn my mom be dead . a hazy mix of shame , sadness and guilt seep into the void . norah I want to tell you ... that first day . that 's why I -- lynn you know this whole time ? norah I think ... you know , I think there 's a reason that I find they . the picture . because that lead I to you , right ? ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 83 . 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 norah ( cont would ) and I do not know exactly what go on between you and you mom ... what the situation be ... but it just seem like ... you know , of anybody , I would understand . Lynn 's hazy emotional mix have harden into something sharp . anger . she look at norah with disgust . lynn you would understand ? Lynn turn to leave . norah wait . please . do not ... I -- Lynn open the door . norah reach out but Lynn stop she with a icy look . lynn you be sick , you know that ? there 's something wrong with you . Lynn shut the door and it feel like a slap . norah sink down onto the couch . just norah now . the emptiness crowd around she . 131 ext . rose's house - one week later - day 131 the afternoon sun beat against the weathered paint . 132 int . rose's house - bedroom - afternoon 132 the baby shower invitation loom large on the makeup table . Rose wear a slip and unusually big hair . she grab several outfit from she closet . oscar watch . rose the blue or the flowery ? oscar the blue . rose good call . Rose slip on the dress and sit to apply mascara . oscar shuffles out of the bedroom . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 84 . 132 continued : 132 Rose 's cell phone ring . she pick up the phone while apply lipstick . rose Sunshine Cleaning . insurance guy ( over phone ) hello , this be Henry Schmidt at State farm . rose State farm ? ( pause ) State farm ! yes. hello . insurance guy ( over phone ) I speak with you about a month ago . rose yes ! hi . what can I do for you ? insurance guy ( over phone ) we have get a house we need to turn around and we regular guy be busy in Santa Fe today . think I would give you all a call . Rose knock over a bottle of nail polish remover as she grab a pen and write down the info . rose great . no problem . Rose hang up . rose shit , shit , shit . Rose pull on some panty hose and wrestle with she shoe . rose honey , call grampa . oscar dial . oscar it 's busy . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 85 . 132 continued : ( 2 ) 132 Rose grab she purse . Rose and oscar rush out . a baby shower gift sit forget by the door . 133 int . norah' apartment - bedroom - afternoon 133 norah cradle a phone to she ear and shove clothes from a box into a old dresser . norah blow off the shower . 133a int . van - afternoon 133a Rose drive the van and talk on she cell phone . oscar look tiny in the passenger seat . rose I can not I ... I rsvped . intercut phone conversation norah so tell he we can not do it . rose it 's a insurance company . they could throw we a ton of work . this be we in . norah so , do not go to the damn baby shower . it 's not like you ever even like Paula . rose I promise I will come straight after the shower and help finish up . 134 ext . lorkowski house - day 134 Rose and oscar walk up to the house . Rose try the door but it 's lock . she knock . no answer . a uneasy tension shoot through she . she fumble for she key to unlock the door and be hit with a horrible familiar smell . oscar pinch he nose . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 85a . 134 continued : 134 oscar pee-ew . rose stay out here . oscar why do I -- ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 86 . 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 rose ( too sternly ) because I say so . angry , oscar sit down on the step . 135 int . lorkowski house - live room - day 135 the phone next to Joe 's lazy Boy be off the hook . rose dad ! Rose walk briskly through the house . urgency mount with each step . rose dad ! daddy ! Rose throw the bathroom door open in a panic . 136 int . lorkowski house - bathroom - day 136 Joe scoops rotten shrimp from the bathtub with a empty fancy corn canister and dump they into a garbage can . Rose recoil at the intense smell . joe I be busy here . he try to swing the door shut but Rose stop it . step in . rose damn it dad , you scared I . sweat drip down Joe 's face . he continue he labor and avoid look at Rose . joe that snotty restaurant fuck would not buy my shrimp . some bullshit about health code or whatever . I do not believe that shit for a second . rose God , dad what be you -- he hold up a finger . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 87 . 136 continued : 136 joe do not . do not start with I . ( pause ) bastard completely shut I out . they get they own little cartel . Little restaurant mafia . I bet they screw with my car too . I would not put it past `em . bunch of shady mother fucker . Rose lean against the door and watch she father . a wet slap punctuate each new deposit into the garbage . rose I need you to watch oscar . another load of slimy shrimp smack the garbage . joe I can not . rose what do you mean you can not ? joe I can not watch oscar today Rose . rose I be in a real bind here . joe yeah , well it 's hard , be not it ? raising a kid on you own . try two . 137 ext . cleaning supply store - day 137 Rose and oscar get out of the sentra and march toward the store . 138 int . cleaning supply store - day 138 Winston see Rose and oscar through the window and return he attention to the model plane before he . Rose and oscar enter . winston you look nice . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 87a . 138 continued : 138 rose thanks . Winston finish glue the piece and look up . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 88 . 138 continued : ( 2 ) 138 rose I be wonder if oscar could hang out here for a little while . Winston look nervous . he look at oscar . rose I have get this baby shower to go to and norah 's work a job and my dad 's incapacitate ... do you mind ? winston I guess not . rose you be a lifesaver . winston you do you hair different . rose you like it ? Winston nod . rose all right . be good . I will pick he up in a few hour when I be do . Rose leave . oscar and Winston be leave on they own . Winston force a smile . oscar do not reciprocate . Winston turn and walk to the back room . 139 int . cleaning supply store - back room - day 139 Winston glue a tiny piece to the model plane . oscar inch he way over . oscar what 's that ? winston this be a World War two Mitchell cannon nose bomber . oscar lean in closer to examine all the tiny piece . oscar you make all this model ? Winston nod and point to a teeny plastic strut . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 89 . 139 continued : 139 winston dab the end of that in the glue . just a little bit . oscar carefully dab the plastic piece in the puddle of glue and hand it to Winston . oscar what 's that piece for ? winston it 's a strut . with delicate precision , Winston attaches the piece . oscar what 's a strut ? winston support the wing . oscar examine one of the many complete model . oscar seem like it would be hard to build model with just one hand . winston it be . 140 ext . isolated road - afternoon 140 norah drive the van down a desert road . 140a ext . datzman -mead driveway - afternoon 140 a Rose pull the Nissan in . she check she lipstick in the rearview mirror before get out and head to the door . 141 ext . laughing buddha house - afternoon 141 norah pull supplies from the van and lug they to the house . 142 int . laughing buddha house - kitchen - afternoon 142 norah grab a bottle of oj from the fridge , check the expiration and take a slug . cat bowl sit in the corner . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 89a . 142 continued : 142 norah examine a snapshot on the fridge . a chubby middle - age woman surround by cat . the woman be bald and smile . norah spot some incense . she hold a stick to she nose . 143 int . laughing buddha house - bedroom - afternoon 143 norah light the incense stick and set it on the dresser next to a little statue of the laugh buddha . a collection of cat whisker sit in the buddha 's lap . evidence of death soil the bed . book crowd the night stand . live with breast Cancer , Foods that fight Cancer , and come to term with death . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 90 . 143 continued : 143 norah roll out plastic sheet and prepare the room . 144 int . datzman -mead house - great room - afternoon 144 the room titter with wannabe country clubber . they nibble appetizer around a pastel tower of gift . Rose lift a cheese puff to she mouth . she 's flanke by Paula and a mousey woman in a pink dress and match pink pump . mousey so Rose , what be you do ? be you still clean house ? paula Rose have go into real estate . mousey really ? rose actually , I own my own business . mousey a real estate business ? rose no . it 's a biohazard removal and crime scene clean up service . it 's a growth niche industry right now ­ highly technical and competitive . mousey what do that mean ­ biohazard removal whatever ? rose a lot of time , when somebody die , it can be kind of , you know , messy . so , we go in and clean up all that leave over mess . make sure that the area be clean and sanitary . Paula and mousy exchange a glance infuse with disgust . rose people just do not understand the health and safety risk involved in dispose of biological material like blood and body fluid . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 91 . 144 continued : 144 paula oh my God . rose course , we have a whole arsenal of disinfectant and um ... professional technique . like I say , it 's a highly technical and professional operation with a whole complicated , you know ... methodology behind it . please with herself , Rose grab another cheese puff . rose Real growth industry . mousey I can not imagine . you like do it ? rose yeah . Rose stop . she have not think about whether she like it . rose I do . we come into the life of people who have just experience something so sad and profound . they have lose somebody . the circumstance be different but that 's the same . as Rose talk , she whole demeanor change . relaxes . that brittle , self conscious edge dissipate . rose and we help they . in this one small way ... we help . Rose be lose in she thought . something profound be shifting . mousey sound horrible to I . paula I believe I would vomit . 145 int . laughing buddha house - bedroom - afternoon 145 norah stuff bedding in biohazard bag and wrap the mattress in plastic sheet . a fan clank at the window . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 92 . 145 continued : 145 norah struggle to get the wrap mattress though the door . it tip and norah bang she hand against the door frame . norah shit . the incense fall from the dresser . norah finally muscle the mattress through the doorway . 146 ext . laughing buddha house - afternoon 146 norah drag the mattress to the driveway . a wisp of smoke curl from the window behind she . as norah rub she injure hand , she hear the teeniest meow rise from the bush . she investigate . a little orange fluff ball at the base of some box hedge look up with big startle eye . norah smile . norah oh my God , you be the cutest thing ever . do you get leave behind ? the kitten answer with a pitiful raspy sound that pass for a meow . norah be powerless to resist . norah it 's okay . as norah lean down to pick up the kitten , it dart from the bush and head toward the road . norah no , no , no . norah chase the frighten kitty across the street and disappear behind a house . after a moment , norah emerge from behind the house . she coo at the small kitten cradle in she arm , then look up . a expression of horror and disbelief sweep over she . norah run toward the house . 147 int . datzman -mead house - great room - afternoon 147 a peppy woman with the enthusiasm of a game show contestant stand on a stool and wave she arm . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 93 . 147 continued : 147 peppy okay , lady . for we first game we have take five different kind of candy bar and melt they in this diaper . mousey oh I love this game . peppy you all can -- somewhere a cell phone ring . the peppy woman stop and look at Rose . Rose dig into she purse and pull out the offend phone . she check caller id . it 's norah . she cut it off . rose sorry . Rose force a smile at peppy who motion for someone to start distribute the diaper . peppy you can look , smell and taste . the first to identify all five correctly win ! 148 int . laughing buddha house - bedroom - afternoon 148 flame shoot up around the dresser and gobble a curtain . norah slap a towel at the flame with one hand and hold a phone with the other . rose ( over the phone ) hello , you have reach Sunshine Cleaning . you be call be very important to we so ... norah fuck ! norah snap the phone shut and continue slapping back the flame . 149 int . datzman -mead house - great room - afternoon 149 Rose watch with a detach expression as floral clad woman stick they nose in the brown goo of the diaper . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 94 . 149 continued : 149 it hit Rose that she do not belong here . and for the first time , she do not want to belong here . she turn to Paula . rose you know what ? I ... uh ... actually , there 's somewhere I need to be . paula oh nooo ! you can not leave now . we be just start the game . rose yeah . well ... ( smile and nod ) yeah . Rose stand and weave she way through the throng of stepford mom . relief sweep across she face as she near the door . 150 int . rose's car - evening 150 Rose drive as the sun sink into the desert landscape . 151 ext . laughing buddha house - night 151 Rose pull up near the fire truck and still smolder house . Rose step from the car with a expression of horror . fear grip she as she scan the area for she sister . then she see norah , sit in the van across the street . headphone on . kitten curl up in she lap . Rose march over but norah do not notice she until she rap on the window . norah pull off she headphone , open the door and slide out of the van . norah it be a accident . Rose 's mouth slacken as she mind stumble over the probable consequence of the scene before she . rose oh my God , what have you do ? norah it be a accident . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 95 . 151 continued : 151 rose how do this happen ? huh ? how do you burn down a house , norah ? Jesus fuck Christ ! norah Jesus Rose , calm down . Rose throw she key at norah . norah turn to shield the kitten . the key thump she arm . norah eye she sister . so that 's how it 's gonna be . norah well , if you have be here to help I but no , you be off desperately try to impress stupid high school people who do not even matter . prove to you old cheerlead squad that you be not this huge loser . if you have be here do you job it would not have happen . so do not try to put all this on I . norah 's denial of responsibility knock the wind from Rose . rose this be on you . you do this . you set a fuck house on fire ! you . norah oh , go ahead and play the martyr . it 's like you favorite thing . rose I can not believe I be so stupid to think that you could handle a little bit of responsibility . norah I be so sick of all you holier than thou bullshit . why do not you take a look at you be own life , huh ? you be a real inspiration . rose well maybe if I do not have to take care of everybody in this family . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 96 . 151 continued : ( 2 ) 151 norah fuck you . I be do be you excuse . norah , filthy with soot , turn and walk away from Rose , the fire and everything . the kitten cling to she shirt . rose oh that 's great . turn everything to shit and then walk away . without turn or break she stride , norah flip off Rose . Rose lean down and pick up she key , then turn and watch the firemen hose down the house . 152 ext . cleaning supply store - night 152 Rose , look worse for wear , try to open the door but the store be close and the door be lock . rose great . she bang on the glass door . 153 int . cleaning supply store - night 153 Winston walk from the back room and open the door . winston Long baby shower . rose I be sorry , I ... everything 's horrible . Rose be about to break . winston oscar 's asleep in back . rose norah 's ruin everything . she burnt down a house . a client 's house . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 97 . 153 continued : 153 winston yeah . rose you know ? winston Carl tell I . rose how do he ...? realization slap . rose that 's just great . we burnt down a client 's house . how do you get around that ? winston insurance ? Rose shrug . rose I figure we would wait and get the better rate once I get certified . winston do not you go to that ? Rose do not respond . she slowly blink and let she new reality ooze over she . rose there 's not a lot I be really good at , you know . Winston look at Rose . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 98 . 153 continued : ( 2 ) 153 rose really . I be good at get guy to want I . not date or marry I . but want I . I have always be good at that . Winston look away . rose and cheer . I be pretty good at that too . winston cheer be good . rose yeah . not as marketable as you would think . Winston smile . 154 int . rose's house - kitchen - night 154 smoke slink from a cigarette on the makeshift ashtray . Rose look up to see oscar in he pjs , one arm tuck in he shirt , the sleeve dangle empty . Rose muster a smile . rose you brush you tooth ? oscar nod , kiss she good night . Rose watch he walk to he room and take a drag from she cigarette . there 's a knock at the door . 155 int . rose's house - live room - night 155 Rose look through the peep hole and see Mac fidget outside . she take a step from the door and freeze . Mac knock again . 156 ext . rose's house - night 156 Mac look at the unresponsive door with irritation . he shift he weight and jangle some change in he pocket . GREEN revision 3/5/07 99 . 157 int . rose's house - live room - night 157 Rose lean against the wall with eye close . mac ( o.s. ) Rose ? she take a breath , open she eye , then open the door . mac hey beautiful . Mac smile for the both of they . mac I be start to think you be on a date or something . Rose look at he like he 's speak a foreign language . mac you okay ? Rose nod . rose Long day . mac can I come in ? rose it 's not really a good time . Mac sag a bit . then rally . flexes a eyebrow . mac I get you something . Mac pull a small gold box from he pocket and present it to Rose . the top be engrave with she initial . mac it 's for you business card . you put `em in there and , I do not know ... impress people . he laugh at the silliness of the whole concept . rose it 's beautiful . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 100 . 157 continued : 157 Rose stare at the small shiny box . it seem to make she sad . mac you do not like it ? rose no , I like it very much . Rose look up and Mac sense something bad be come he way . rose it 's just this thing we be do . mac come on , let 's not do that . but Rose be resolute . she look Mac in the eye . rose I do not want this anymore . disbelief give way to the unpleasant understanding . mac so that 's it ? Rose give a almost imperceptible nod . Mac try hard to ignore the rise slurry of hurt and anger . mac that 's it then . Mac hesitates , hope for a last minute reprieve . finally , he nod and Rose watch he walk away . 158 int . albuquerque blood SERVICES ­ one week later - day 158 norah step off the elevator . people in white coat walk past she , bump into she . norah spot Lynn . Lynn see norah and look away . guy in white coat ( o.s. ) be this you first time donate ? norah turn to the guy in the white coat address she . he hold a clipboard . norah no . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 101 . 158 continued : 158 guy in white coat can I get you name ? norah I need to talk to Lynn . Lynn approach . lynn she can not donate . you can not donate . she point to a sign indicate how often people can donate . lynn forty -eight day . it 's not be forty - eight day . norah why be you act like this ? why have not you call I back . lynn listen , I just , do not think you be the kind of person I need to be hang out with right now . norah what 's that suppose to mean ? lynn do I really need to spell it out ? norah stand stunne . sad. blank . she pull the packet of photo out of she bag and hold they out to Lynn . norah here . Lynn take the packet . as she walk back to the recline blood donor she toss the photo in a trash can . a smile Korean woman give norah a cup of juice and put a ` I give blood today ' sticker on she chest . 159 ext . tingley park - day 159 Joe sit on a bench near the pond with he foot propped up on a canister of Fancy corn . he reach into the open canister next to he and pull out a handful of gourmet corn . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 101a . 159 continued : 159 a few piece land in he mouth , the remainder he toss to a flotilla of duck . Joe smile as the greedy little bastard squabble over he offer . GREEN revision 3/5/07 102. 160 ext . cleaning supply store - day 160 Rose and oscar struggle to unload the super wet-vac from the van . other equipment litter pavement around the van . Winston record serial number onto a clipboard . winston I be sure I can turn this stuff around pretty quick . rose thanks . for everything . oscar be you come to my party ? awkward moment . Rose look from oscar to Winston . rose we be go to hinkle 's Saturday for oscar 's birthday . it would be great if you come . winston sound like a blast . Rose smile at the sincere enthusiasm in Winston 's voice . 161 int . rose's house - bathroom - night 161 Rose step out of the shower and wrap she hair in a towel . as she walk past the mirror she pluck off the affirmation note and toss it in the trash . 162 int . hinkle's restaurant - a few day later - day 162 Rose , oscar , Joe and Winston sit in a carnival like restaurant . oscar open a gift in the shape of a binocular case . he beam with anticipation . oscar snap open the case and pull out the old familiar pair of binocular . Rose look disappointed . oscar look confuse . joe that other pair we look at , full of gadget and gimmick . ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 103 . 162 continued : 162 joe ( cont would ) they just do not have the heft you want in a pair of lense . no weight . no history . oscar nod . Joe point to the old binocular . joe this here be the real deal . I want you to have they . oscar smile . Rose shake she head . it 's not like she do not see this come . but still . rose dad , you promise he that other . from the store . he 's be talk about it for week . Joe look at Rose with new find confidence . joe no Rose , I want to he to have this . Winston eye the binocular . winston wow , be that a old Zeiss ? Joe nod . winston porro prism ? Joe nod full of pride . joe eight by thirty jenoptem . no mark on the objective . perfect bloom . Winston look at oscar . winston you get yourself some classic binocular there . norah walk in . norah sorry I be late . norah noogies oscar and drop a gift in front of he . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 103a . 162 continued : ( 2 ) 162 norah ( to Winston ) hey . norah kiss Joe on the cheek and ignore Rose . Rose get up . joe where be you go ? Rose walk to the bathroom . 163 int . hinkle's restaurant - lady room - day 163 Rose splashes water on she face . norah walk in and lean against the counter . Rose make no sign of acknowledgement . norah grab some paper towel and hold it out for she sister . norah Winston clean up pretty good . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 104 . 163 continued : 163 Rose be not bite . she do not even look at norah . she lean past norah and get she own paper towel . norah try again . norah I read somewhere that beauty be really all about symmetry . like have eye the same size and all that . ( pause ) so , you know , when you factor that in he 's like , hot . Rose will not play . she dab she face and ignore norah . norah walk to the door , start to leave , then turn around . norah listen , I know I fuck up , okay ? like really huge and I know that and I be sorry , okay ? it 's a bullshit apology . more defensive than sincere . just the thing that push Rose 's button . rose God , that drive I crazy ! that whole ` oh , I be sorry , I be just a big fuck up ' routine . like that 's a legitimate excuse . norah 's defensiveness loosen its grip . she step towards Rose . this be hard for she . sincerity be not she strong suit . norah I really be sorry . but it really be not all my fault , Rose . rose I think there 's something wrong with you . the way you brain work . I mean , what the hell ? it 's like you can not be trust with anything . you just screw around all the time like it 's all a big fuck game . it be not a game , norah . we be not all just here for you amusement . you should have be pay attention . you should have be focus on the job . Rose finally hear herself . it 's all the same old stuff . she grind to a stop . she know it be not all norah 's fault . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 104a . 163 continued : ( 2 ) 163 norah you finish ? ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 105 . 163 continued : ( 3 ) 163 rose I know . I should have be there . norah what be you go to do now ? rose I get some idea . I be think maybe we could -- norah shake she head . norah I have get my own idea . Rose nod . as they exit , she turn to norah . rose so , you really think he 's hot ? norah Winston ? no. 164 int . hinkle's restaurant - day 164 Rose and norah return from the bathroom . Joe eyeball the girl in silent appraisal of the situation . seem okay . norah you gonna open my present ? oscar open the package of fake tattoo . oscar cool . norah the guy say that if you be careful they will last a whole month . and this be not stupid kiddie unicorn and shit . they be all base on classic biker design . oscar pick up one of the tattoo . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 106 . 164 continued : 164 oscar cool . rose what 's that say ? norah li'l bastard . Rose look at norah . rose cool . oscar slip he arm out of he sleeve and inside he shirt and stare at Winston admiringly . Rose whisper in oscar 's ear and he pull he arm back into he sleeve . norah I be think of take a road trip . joe where ? shrug . rose how ? norah have not work it all out yet . I be think I could maybe take the van . Rose shake she head . rose I be sell the van . joe do not sell the van . rose have to . can not afford the payment . joe no , listen ... just do not sell the van . Rose force a smile and examine she pizza . she can not watch she father cling to another impotent dream . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 107 . 164 continued : ( 2 ) 164 joe just do not sell the van yet . okay ? oscar slowly retract he arm again . with he remain arm he lift the binocular to he face . joe Rose tell I you make model . winston yeah . joe any money in that ? winston not really . the wait staff begin to sing a birthday song . 165 int . rose's house - oscar' bedroom - night 165 Rose quietly kiss oscar 's forehead and pull up the cover . she turn and steal another look before shutting the door . 166 int . rose's house - live room - night 166 Rose size up she stack of unopen bill . she open one , sigh , set it aside . she move on to the next one . the tv flicker blue light into the room . Rose stop and look at the tv . 167 int . norah' apartment - bedroom - night 167 the phone wake norah . she fumble for the receiver . norah what ? rose ( over the phone ) turn you tv on . Channel sixty - five . norah click on the tv and watch slack - jaw as a waitress hand menus to two hard nose detective . one of the tv detecitve look up and smile . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 108 . 167 continued : 167 tv detective what 's good ? tv waitress / mother I recommend the pecan pie . norah focus on the flicker light of the tv . 168 int . rose's house - night 168 as if in a dream Rose watch the image of she mother disappear off screen . she smile . 169 ext . rose's house - night 169 Rose walk toward the van with a trash bag that swishes with each step . she take one last look , then peel the Sunshine Cleaning door magnet off and drop it into the trash bag . she crawl into the front seat and toss empty pop can and candy bar wrapper into the trash bag . a faint sound nag at she . she look up to see the cb on . Soft white static fill the van . Rose sit a long moment before take the handset . rose hello ? Mom ? Rose stop and look around self - consciously before resume . rose oscar turn eight today . we have this whole big thing at hinkle 's . Winston come . after dinner oscar and norah get a high score on centipede and put in ass as they initial and get in trouble by the manager . ( pause ) I do not know if you be in heaven or what . but you be not here and that 's too bad for you `cuz you have miss out . you have miss out on some really great stuff . GREEN revision 3/5/07 109 . 170 ext . rose's house - two month later - day 170 Rose pull up in she sentra . the Molly maid magnet be back on the door and she 's in she Molly maid uniform . she get out and see Joe sit on the step to she house . rose dad ? joe there 's something I want to talk to you about . Rose pull a vacuum cleaner from she car . rose okay . joe well , I be wonder if I could move in with you and oscar . rose what ? joe just temporarily - until I find a place . rose you lose the house . oh my god , you lose the house . dad how could you lose the house ? joe I do not lose the house . I sell the house . there 's this business opportunity -- rose not shrimp I hope . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 110 . 170 continued : 170 joe it 's not just some get rich quick scheme . and I get a partner who have experience . I would learn from she . Rose 's edge soften slightly . she 's listen now . Joe point to where the newly paint econo van be park . in bold cursive : lorkowski cleaning . underneath in smaller letter : specialize in biohazard removal since 1963 . rose nineteen sixty -three ? joe do not make a big deal out of it . rose dad . joe it 's a business lie , not a real lie . rose I can live with that . joe and you would be the boss . rose thank you . 171 ext . OPEN road - monte carlo - day 171 with window down , norah drive across a open landscape . she glance at a wind batter map . a highlight route cut across the country . destination - California . norah bob she head to the radio , suck on a slurpee . she hold she arm out the window and let she hand surf the wind . 172 omitted 172 173 ext . catholic school - school yard - day 173 oscar , in a Catholic school uniform , hold binocular to he face . he watch a scrawny girl across the school yard . ( continued ) GREEN revision 3/5/07 111 . 173 continued : 173 the girl tie a strand of hair to she pigtail then loop the invisible strand over a pencil . she glance over to oscar . oscar do not flinch . with school girl slight of hand , the pigtail rise and fall . it be a magical , flirtatious pigtail greeting . oscar lower the binocular and pull he sleeve up to reveal the lil ' bastard tattoo . the girl smile . oscar smile . 174 int . gorilla foundation - one month later - day 174 norah walk down a corridor . the kitten cling to she . she turn the corner and walk though a set of door to what look to be a play room . Blocks and brightly color plastic toy litter the ground . sitting in the middle of the play area be a enormous black gorilla . koko . she turn she massive head and look at norah . koko ( caption ) I have a tooth ache . ko ko respond with thick hand . norah ( caption ) I too . norah smile . 175 ext . albuquerque - day 175 the lorkowski Cleaning van merge on the freeway interchange and spiral up the tangle of rust and turquoise ramp . fade out .