alexander salkind present " superman ii " producer : ilya salkind and pierre spengler director : richard lester shoot script [ * note : scene complete by Richard donner have be type in bold . ] 1 int . outside the council of elder chamber - krypton night all be still . a kryptonian guard stand at sentry beside massive crystalline portal . suddenly , silently , non appear behind he and slip a massive arm across he throat . he squeeze , cut off the guard 's breath : the guard crumple silently , and drop to the floor . now general zod and ursa step into frame . as zod nod he approval to non , ursa hold the chamber door open for the General to enter . 2 int . council of elder chamber krypton - night zod lead the way into the chamber . this impose crystalline space , the parliament of krypton , be empty for the moment . but the sign of its member be ever - present : around the great float slab that be they conference table each have he ( or she ) own console of crystal - a transparent container mark with the identify insignia , c.f. the symbol on each of they robe in part I . as non and ursa follow two pace behind . Zod stride along the slab , ignore console after console , stop only when he reach the one emblazon with the s-like crest of jor - El . angle down on it as Zod lift the lid of the console and remove , from among all transparent crystal , the one red crystal . pan up as he lift it high . it glow even in the dim light of the empty chamber - until Zod , with a satisfied and sinister smile , snap it in half . he toss it to the ground and look with a self - congratulatory air at ursa and non . efect : the luminous spin ring ( c.f. part I ) descend and encircle the villainous trio , imprison they like a magical lasso in perpetual motion . Zod and ursa be instantly subdued , if sullen ; non stare out at he captor make subhuman noise of rag and frustration - literally a cage beast . 3 int . krypton trial chamber a full c.u. of zod fill the screen , as : elder ( v.o. ) General Zod . a warpe , would - be dictator . his only feel be contempt . his only desire be to command continued 3 continued c.u. of ursa fill the screen elder ( v.o. ) ursa . her only feel be for the vicious General . her only desire -- to rule at he side . c.u. of non fill the screen elder ( v.o. ) non . he be without word and without think . he be a brute force . the General need only command to inspire this monster to act of mindless destruction . on the three - listen implacably . elder ( v.o. ) together this three be responsible for the darkest episode in krypton 's history , the one attempt at insurrection against we reason way of life . ( note : many of the shot and sequence that follow be to be take from superman , part I , and be so indicate , include , whenever possible , identify material from the release script of part I to facilitate the locating of the exact footage require . ) 4 release script , part one , reel one -- Spot 1/26 second elder guilty ! 5 release script , part one , reel one - Spot 1/27 c.u. Zod 's eye . elder ( all speak together ) guilty ! ( echoed ) 6 release script , part one , rel one - Spot , 1/29 c.u. Zod look off L. towards jor -el . zod the vote must be unanimous , jor - El . 7 release script , part one , reel one - Spot 1/31 Close three shot - Zod on the L. with non to R. beyond he and ursa on the R. look off L. to jor - El . zod you alone will condemn we if you wish ... 8 release script , part one , reel one - Spot 1/32 c.u. Zod look off L. towards jor -el . zod ... and you alone will be hold responsible by I . 9 release script , part one , reel one - page 15 close shot as phantom Zone revolve toward camera . it fill the screen and collect up the villain . it spin away from camera and we see the three villain ' face in the phantom Zone . they be cry out as it move away . ( note : the follow shot be new footage ) 10 a close - up of the Green Crystal ( the one use in part one to construct the fortress , etc . ) on screen , shimmer , pulsing with kryptonian energy and life . as it do so : Music : Main title theme begin . title appear over image of GREEN crystal . begin credit - superimposed over this image and continued over the following image ( all from superman part i. ) all m.o.s . ( note : on the first list below , some optical change will have to be do in order to eliminate jor - El from the exist shot , so as to make it one of lara , the baby and the Green Crystal without a certain highly - pay actor in the frame ) . 11 release script , part one , reel two -- page 8 two shot -- lara and baby kal EL , as the Green Crystal be place in the infant 's starship . 12 release script , part one , reel two -- page 11 baby kal - El 's starship take off . 13 release script , part one , reel three -- page 1 ext . space very long shot as the Red Sun hit krypton and it explode . camera zoom in through the explode particle of the planet . 14 release script , part one , reel three -- page 4 - 5 the rocket land in the wheat field . 15 release script , part one , reel three -- page 11 baby kal - El lift the back end of the pick - up truck . 16 release script , part one , reel four -- page 6 Young clark be summon to the barn by the force of the Green Crystal and its " effect . " 17 release script , part one , reel five -- page 1 at the North pole , young Clark throw the Green Crystal and where it fall the fortress of solitude begin to rise . 18 release script , part one , reel five -- page 11 camera pan up the front of the Daily Planet building 19 release script , part one , reel six -- page 6 three shot - perry , lois and clark in perry 's office as Clark first meet everyone . 20 relaease script , part one , reel EIGHT -- page 4 medium shot shoot up towards the roof of the Daily Planet , with the helicopter on the edge of the roof , as lois fall out of the open door . she scream . CUT to : longer shot as lois continue fall , hang on a strap , still scream . 21 release script , part one , reel EIGHT -- page 4 shoot up through the windscreen of a boat cabin towards bow of boat where superman be stand on deck with arm fold . hatch in deck behind he open and a crook climb out . two other crook ( who have be count they loot ) be relieved to see the first crook about to attack superman from behind . the first crook bashes superman with a crowbar . superman do not react at all , but the crowbar and the crook hold it vibrate madly . 22 release script , part one , reel voluptuous eve teschmacher in bikini take a subterranean sunbath in luthor lair . 23 release script , part one , reel twelve -- page 15 - 16 lex luthor with he map of America reveal he scheme ; the " old " West Coast drop off the map . 24 release script , part one , reel thirteen -- page 14 the rocket hit the earth and explode . 25 release script , part one , reel thirteen -- page 15 long shot from high angle shoot down onto the San andrea fault , as the crack in the earth widen and part of it start to fall in . 26 release script , part one , reel thirteen -- page 29 long shot along railway line as superchief train approach . c.u. superman lie in place of the break track . he lower he head . long shot toward railway embankment with superman in place of break track as train enter L. along line and cross over he . close shot towards superman lie in place of break track as train pass over he . 27 release script , part one , reel fourteen - page 15 lois ' car have fall into a crack . close shot - the front of the windscreen as the car be be crush , earth fall down from top of frame . close shot - lois , as the car be be crush . she be scream . 28 release script , part one , reel fourteen - page 22 long shot the world with trace of superman go round and round the centre R /l and then finally swinging down wide L. of the world , and reverse and start go l/r very fast leave trail . World start move normally West to East . end credit and title music 29 ext . DAILY planet - day establishing shot of the office building on a busy metropolis street . 30 int . DAILY planet - day clark kent come in , ready to begin a day 's work , chipper and friendly . tracking with he as he pass various employees , all of whom seem to be bustling about with exceptional preoccupation . there be a air of tension , often find in newspaper office when a big story be break . at first Clark do not realize anything unusual be up . as a reporter with a sheaf of wire service copy in hand bustles by he : clark Morning , phil --- phil ( can not stop to talk ) ' scuse I Kent ..... Clark be a bit surprised , but continue walk on . a woman reporter be head down the aisle just ahead of he . clark ( cheerily ) hi , Alice . that 's a very pretty blouse you - alice ( preoccupy ) catch you later , Clark . continued 30 continued stay with clark , now a bit take aback , as he reach perry White 's office . just outside , talk on a phone be jimmy olsen . clark ( one more try ) Jimmy , how 's the - jimmy ( to telephone ) yeah . I will check . he hang up and go to perry ' 's office . Clark follow . 31 int . perry white's office perry white be seat at he desk , look even more wound - up than usual . jimmy Mr. White , the pressroom want to know how much longer to hold the front page . perry ( tense ) give it another ten minute . if we do not -- ( change he mind ) Hell , I will tell he . ( he pick up a phone ) Pete ? if we have not get anything new in the next ten minute just go with the wire service copy under the 40 pt . banner and run the picture for three column . ( to Clark ) Kent , I need a background story for the page 3 sidebar . give I every thing you know about this terrorist group . clark ( automatic response ) right ! ( he turn , start out briskly , then stop , turn and look at perry with a puzzle expression ) what terrorist group ? what 's go on ? continued 31 continued perry get you head out of the cloud , Kent . where you be the last twelve hour ? clark uh...home ... perry do not you watch television ? do not you listen to the radio ? clark actually I be try to catch up on my read . there 's a lot of dicken I never get around to -- perry dicken ! the whole world 's about to blow up and you be read dicken ?! jimmy ( explain to the confuse Clark ) a gang of terrorist seize the eiffel Tower in Paris perry he know where the eiffel Tower be , Olsen . ( double check ) you do , do not you , Kent ? clark anybody be hurt ? jimmy so far the hostage be unharme . clark hostages ? jimmy tourist , about twenty of them . continued 31 continued perry but that 's penny - ante stuff . this guy be say that unless the french government meet they demand they have get a hydrogen bomb ready to level Paris . c.u. clark shocked . clark but . . .. that 's terrible ! perry that 's why they call them terrorist . ( brusquely ) go down to the morgue and dig up anything you can find on past incident of -- clark ( a sudden think ) do lois know about this yet ? perry do she know about it ? she 's in it ! clark what ?? perry the minute the story break I bundle she on the first concord out of here . if Paris go kablooey I want the best reporter I have get right there in the middle of it . favoring clark -- he look especially worried now . clark gee. but -- perry no offense , Kent . you be good , but lois be the best we have get . clark no , I mean , it 's awfully dangerous . continued 31 continued perry that go with the territory , kent ( cheer he up ) listen , if I know lois Lane , she will not only come back with a pulitzer Prize story , she will have a one on one interview with the hydrogen bomb title " what make I tick . " on clark -- he stand there , absorb in he thought . perry ( impatiently ) what be you stand around for , Kent ? come on ! take off ! 32 ext . DAILY planet build - day Clark come swiftly out of the building . pan to see he go into the nearby alley , behind it . 33 ext . ally - day wide shot , side angle - in this private place , unobserve , Clark Kent now transform into superman . effect : at left of frame the Clark Kent image begin to move to right , leave image behind as in time - lapse photography , so that by the time he reach right of frame he have turn completely into superman . the intervene image show the various change in the transformation . now superman follow perry White 's advice to Clark Kent : he take off . angle up to see he fly up the air shaft behind the building and into the sky . 34 ext . base of eiffel tower - day establishing shot . -- the eiffel Tower , the Paris skyline . 35 ext . base of eiffel tower - day wide angle -- at the base of the tower , a large group of reporter and t.v. crews be gather around a spokesman for the french government . he look harass and tense . there be very much the atmosphere of a crisis -- crowd in bear g. be be hold back french police . continued 35 continued first reporter ( british accent ) how do they get up there ? spokesman ( french accent ) they be disguise as worker , to do repair . first reporter can you tell we why they release the first group of hostage ? spokesman we insist they do this to show good faith . if not , we refuse to negotiate . second reporter ( american accent ) and now they be willing to release the rest of the hostage ? spokesman in return for a guarantee that we will not launch a attack a they . second reporter there will be no attack ? no attempt to overpower the terrorist ? spokesman ( squirming a bit ) um. . . .we have make this guarantee . second reporter yes , but will you honor it ? spokesman we have not the choice to refuse , have we , if we believe it be a real hydrogen bomb that they have . third reporter where be the bomb ? continued 35 continued spokesman be in a big oil can -- ( tries another word ) --- oil drum ... you know ? closer on the group -- we see lois lane among the journalist , stand about halfway back in the group , busy take note . lois a hydrogen bomb ? be you sure ? spokesman how can we be sure ? today , be possible for anyone to make a bomb if he have the proper equipment , no ? lois but . . .. that would mean all of Paris would be destroy spokesman ( grimly ) oui . another angle , in which camera lose lois . first reporter what be the official position of the government on this ? as the question continue : on the back of the group of reporter - lois have work she way to the back and now slip away from the group . she dart a quick look around to see if she have be observe . she have not . 36 new angle-a short distance away be one of the two elevator that service the bottom half of the eiffel Tower . the elevator be somewhere up there , but the staircase be guard by a young , pleasant - look french flic . first reporter ( o. S. ) will you government meet they demand ? spokesman ( o.s. ) I be not authorize to say what they will do . at this moment there be a emergency meeting in the elysee Palace -- 36 continued miss from script ( page 13 of original script ) 37 shot down from the first level -- as lois hurry up while the unsuspecting flic below read the phrase book . angle oown on lois - as she climb the lower stair briskly . 38 ext . top level , eiffel tower - day a drama of we time be be play out . at one end of the narrow top level , about EIGHT hostage be be herde into a elevator by two terrorist with machine gun . the hostage include a couple of nun , some chinese in buttone - up gray jacket and a few obvious tourist with camera . there be three terorist in all , clad in gray coverall to look like worker . the leader what will remain on the top level , be serge . the two who be take the hostage to the lower level be luc and claude . serge take they down and send they away . but watch out for any trick . nun ( feisty ) do we look like the sort who would --- serge it be not what you look like , sister , it 's who you be . nun a higher power will have to forgive you . . . . serge we will negotiate with he later . ( to he cohort ) quickly ! the hostage be herde into the elevator and the door shut 39 ext . eiffel tower - day long shot -- the upper elevator ( lift ) on the Tower , one go up , one go down . 40 on the staircase , between the second level & the mid level -- lois be rapidly climb the circular staircase , run out of breathe . angle up . 41 ext . mid level platform - day the hostage emerge from the upper elevator and be transfer into the wait elevator which will take they to safety and terra firma . as luc and Claude prod they in : luc hurry ! and they do so : 41a int . lift luc and Claude return to the top level . 42 lois climb under they lift and hold on to a bar underneath . on lois - c. U. of her hanging under the shaft , look down at the dizzying , vertigo induce void below she . lois ( try not to panic ; keep she goal in front of she ) pulitzer Prize . Capital p , small u , l , i , t , z , e , respect Capital p , small be , i - 43 her Pov : the elevator shaft below . a sight to make strong woman weak . 44 on lois -- as she turn away from the sicken sight , she make a bad move and : 45 her belt get catch up in the mechanism under the elevator . lois oh no ! try to extricate herself with one hand and hold on with the other , she be definitely in trouble now . 46 long shot , from below -- of the two elevator move in the structure . the elevator with lois attach to the freed hostage move up , the elevator with the freed hostage move down . 47 luc have enter the empty elevator . the oil drum stand in it . attach to it , wire to fuse on the top , be a activate device that function like a grenade , i.e. once the pin be pull , the gizmo be activate and the only thing that keep it from detonate be the human hand which hold the thing in the safe position . the minute the activator be release , there 's only a matter of second till the explosion . serge be careful ! luc do not worry , it be I who control the bomb , not the bomb who -- serge yes , yes , all right . . ... 48 slightly down to see lois hang there under the elevator , able to hear all the conversation . during pan : claude ( gallow humor ) if you let go , I hope you have not many sin to be forgiven . because there will be only ten second to list they . c.u. lois - trap and more fearful than ever . lois ( whisper , as she up the ante ) Nobel Prize . Capital N , small of , small bear . . 49 ext . mid level - day three french policemen , C.R.S. tactical squad type , be gather around the elevator mechanism . the first policeman talk into a walkie-talkie to contact elsewhere , while the other two stand ready at the mechanism with impressive - look cable cutter . first policeman ( to walkie- talkie ) where be they now ? 50 across from eiffel tower - day Pov see through binoculars - showing the three terrorist stand by the elevator on the top level , with one of they ( luc ) inside by the oil drum . voice over ( outside spotter ) they be near to the elevator , one be inside with the bomb . 51 balcony across from the eiffel tower - day on the source of the voice -- another flic who be stand on this apartment house balcony observe the Tower through binocular and communicate via the walkie talkie . spotter now the third one have come out . . .. yes ... all be out . voice of policeman one ( walkie-talkie ) and the bomb ? still in there ? spotter yes , get ready . 52 sky , paris - day long shot -- superman fly over the Paris sky towards the eiffel Tower , which be still a considerable distance away , on the horizon . 53 ext . second level , tower - day on the two policemen with the cable cutter , in place by the thick steel cable that control the elevator . policeman one now . the two man cut the cable . in quick cut : 54 1 . the teach cable suddenly spring apart and go slack . 55 2 . the pull on the counter - weight cause the slack cable to zip up the length of the Tower like a yo- yo string go loose . follow it up and over the top . 56 3 . on the top - now nothing hold the elevator in place . 57 ext . top level - day suddenly the elevator start to plunge down . the violence of its descent throw luc , who be just outside it , onto the ground . as he fall backwards with a scream : 58 insert : his hand hold the fire button let go as it be yank from he . luc it start ! 59 ext . eiffel tower - day long shot , angle down : superman' Pov of the Tower , now that he be come close to it , swoop down . 60 int . ( ext ? ) tower shaft - day effect : the elevator be fall down shaft at terrific speed . 61 c.u. of terrify lois under the elevator . she scream . 62 ext . sky - day superman , in c.u. , zoom down to lois as he hear she scream . 63 long shot - superman fly inside the Tower . 64 int . ( ext ? ) tower shaft - day on a second level -- he grab the elevator bring it to a sudden , jarring halt . while hold it aloft with one mighty hand , he help the shake lois to get off and onto the nearby platform . continued 64 continued lois superman ! the -- superman ( try to make light of it to calm she ) really lois , we have get to stop meeting this -- lois ( no time for comedy ) the bomb ! it 's in there ! any second now , its -- 65 instantly he spring into the shaft and begin to push the elevator up the Tower at super-speed . 66 quick shot - angle down on lois as she watch superman take - off up the shaft . 67 lois Pov : superman , push the elevator , be now practically to the top of the shaft . 68 ext . model superman and lift come crash out . 69 ext . sky / space on superman -- he climb higher over France , gain speed as the atmosphere begin to blur into the dark mysterious blue of space . 70 ext . space wide shot -- superman , with the speed of light zoom through the Universe , past the Moon with the Earth grow smaller in the distance . faster and faster he go until he burst through into another galaxy . 71 close on superman -- as he hurl the lift into the void of outer space . 72 wide shot - as the nuclear bomb explode . the close star break into shoot , fiery fragment . 73 on superman - as he be send reeling through the limitless void , fall away stunne by the explosion . 74 ext . further in space effect : shock wave shake the stability of the furthest galaxy . 75 ext . space on superman - in uncontrolled flight , project million of mile , as he regains consciousness and steady he trajectory . he soar through the galaxy , burst through into we solar system . he wing closer and closer to Earth , grow smaller and smaller as he approach the United States , until he appear as a tiny blue dot far away in a sparkling star-filled sky . 76 ext . deep space effect : the shock wave from the nuclear blast be stronger now , rip through the vast dark sky . in the distance , a strange diamond - shape begin to glow . pan with the SHOCK wave , getting closer to the glow : now we see it be the crystal two -dimensional prison : the phantom Zone . the grotesque , plead head of general zod , non and ursa can be see imprison , " flatten " inside . 77 effect : as the shock wave strike the phantom Zone , the prison shatter and break open . 78 the three great villain burst out into space , take on they three - dimensional form again . they be flung out into the black sky as they suck in the air of unexpected freedom . it be as if pandora 's box have be open . zod free ! ursa free ! non let out a terrifying howl , like a animal who have burst its bond . they horrifying face fill the frame with yowl of glee as they whirl and drift off into space , tumble and fly at great speed . hold as they move further and further away , move towards Earth , until they be tiny dot lose in the star . they regain they balance and realize they can fly as we see we solar system in b.g . 79 ext . metropolis STREET , DAILY planet - day on clark - as he come up out of a subway station opposite the Daily Planet Building , look as harass as any other rush hour rider . suddenly he brighten . pan to the sight that cheer he . it be lois , of course , just step off a bus across the street on she way to the office . continued 79 continued clark lois ! hey , lois -- she turn and give he a friendly wave , but then we busy girl reporter keep right on go toward the building . on clark -- disappointed , we ever - eager swain hurry to catch up with she . follow he as he step out into the street just as the light change . clark ( not that she 's listen ) wait up a minute . . . suddenly , as he dart in and out of move traffic , he be hit head - on by a speed checker taxi . as he disappear from view we hear a long squeal of brake and a awful crunch . 80 on lois -- as she hear it too . she whirl around and hey eye widen in horror . lois ( start towards he ) clark !! on clark - pick himself up , dusting himself off , hurry towards she again . clark ( call to she , reassuringly ) I be okay . and he be indeed . the collision have leave he unharme and not even out of breath . on lois -- look he way , very startle . her Pov : the taxi be not okay . Clark 's impression be cut deeply , perfectly and unaccountably into the hood , through the engine block to the windshield . on lois - still stare . finally , she shake she head sharply , as if to clear it of a wild notion . taxi dirver look puzzle . 82 int . DAILY planet CITY room , clark & lois ' desk - day on lois ' desk be a copy of that morning 's paper , the headline bold and clear : merci , superman ! french terror scheme " bomb " exclusive Story by lois Lane stand patiently beside the desk with a long -suffer look on he face be clark , listen to the good talk - to lois be give he . lois look , okay , this time you be lucky . very lucky . but next time you cross the street -- ( earnestly ) Clark , always look both way . lecture over , she start rummage in the shopping bag we see she carry earlier . clark ( equally earnest ) lois , I usually do . lois then maybe you should get you glass check . as he touch they nervously , she pull out a plastic bag , fill with half - a- dozen orange cut in half . clark ( pique ) not everyone can have x-ray vision , you know . lois ( lightly ) do I detect a note of jealousy ? from the bottom of bag she produce a fairly ancient hand - operate juicer -- the type where you put the orange half on a metal cone and then , pull down a lever , bring the squeezer press down on it . she set it and a large drink glass on the desk . continued 82 continued clark ( look at all this with much curiosity ) lois , what be you do ? lois when be the last time you hear I sneeze ? clark ( actually try to remember ) uh. . . lois well , you never will again ! ( proselytize ) thanks to vitamin C ! I be read a book that say the foundation of a sound body structure be one thousand milligram of vitamin C every day . clark one thousand ?? that 's a awful lot of orange . you know there be pill , lois . I have see they . lois ( knowingly ) oh sure . the american answer to everything . pill . ( as she put a orange in the juicer ) no , this be -- ( the magic word ) -- natural . she bring up the lever and bear down on the orange . lois and I also get some exercise this way . that 's for sure . struggle mightily , she can hardly get the lever to budge . but she smile brightly as this do not bother she . continued 82 continued lois anyway , about be jealous -- you do not have to be . she 's about to give it another try . clark I do not ? lois ( smile at he ) of course not . not when you have get so much go for you . clark ( dare to hope ) I do ? lois sure ! but nobody know it . least of all you . ( as he smile fade ) look , would you mind if I give you some constructive criticism ? clark ( hurt ) actually , yes . new angle lois well , you should not ( intensely ) be more aggressive , Clark ! trust you instinct ! when you see you opportunity , grab it ! I do . and she push down the lever . clark God know . . . continued 82 continued she be really have a tough time get the press to go all the way down . clark lois , why do not you at least get one of that automatic one ? lois have not you hear ? there 's a energy crisis . ( through clench tooth : as she bear down ) no , this be good enough for my mother -- clark ( tentatively ) maybe I could try -- lois be my guest . he reposition the orange and raise the lever . clumsily , he bear down and get , for he pain , orange pulp juice spatter down the front of he pants . now it 's he turn to play unperturb . clark ( mop himself ) it 's okay , I be go to send this suit to the cleaner anyway . ( he put another orange in the juicer ) I think I have get the hang of this now . new angle - he bring the lever down , then toss away the squeeze - out orange . we can not see what he 's accomplish yet . lois ( kindly ) Clark , everything I be say -- can not you see I only say it because I really care ? clark ( look up , a last ray of hope ) really ? lois of course , that 's what friend be for . continued 82 continued clark ( dash again ) " Friends . " lois ( smile up at he ) here 's to friendship . she take the glass from the table , raise it . there be about a half - inch of juice in it . they both look at it sadly . 83 ext . prison yard establishing shot 84 int . prison laundry ( old sc . 308a ) lex this be how it end for the great criminal mind of we time . not with a whimper , mind you . not with a bang . how do they choose to reward lex luthor the great genius in this world ? do they give he glory , do they give he treasure ? what matter of fact do they give he ? guard life plus twenty - five . luthor . get to work . otis do not feel bad , Mr. luthor . it almost work . I mean California almost throw up right in the ocean . million of people almost kill . if it have not be for that guy superman - that overgrown boyscout ... lex I want my liberace record back tonight . otis ( what be you gonna do - with a guy like that ) ( I mean , he fly around so fast and everything ... ) delete in cutting continued 84 continued lex ( six pack of coke . ) delete in cutting otis I mean they can not even trace that guy on that radar they get , every time they try he just fly off . lex where ? otis North . lex why ? otis to ski ? lex otis , you brain defy any know scientific law in its infinite capacity to deteriorate . every man have a vulnerable point . some like you otis , have more that one . I do not see superman 's in time . but now through patience , invention and skill , my black box be just about ready . otis oh ! that black box in we cell ? lex shhhhhhh ! otis that little black box , Mr. luthor , I mean -- what 's it for ? lex that little black box go beyond any know conventional radar , it track Alpha wave . otis ahhhhhh -- Alpha wave . continued 84 continued lex ( I could have say it track pasta fagoli , ) ( could not I . ) ( otis ) ( oh with garlic , Mr. luthor , and that ) ( butter , oh it 's so good . ) delete in cutting lex that Alpha will take I North ... to he secret . and when I have he secret , I will have superman . ( slasher fogelstein be a bedwetter . ) 85 ext . space View of the Earth and the Moon . ( note : the following scene be partially shot : all material on Moon surface etc . the new material which follows should be intercut with existing footage as indicate . ) 86 ext . surface of the moon wide shot : a joint mission of Russian and american astronaut have just land . there be a capsule that look like the famous lem , support on four skinny , spider - like leg , with glow metal ladder lead from its portal . 87 int . houston NASA control CENTER - day the familiar set : bank of computer , technician and controllers who monitor the astronaut . closer on two controllers : one of they , stand by the monitoring device , obviously bored , sip coffee from a paper cup . the second , he foot up , idly leaf through a Sports illustrate , kill time . first controller ( to the other guy ) hey , you follow the bounce ball for awhile , huh ? it 's give I a headache . anyway , you would better check in on they . continued 87 continued the second Controller reluctantly toss he magazine aside . second controller yeah , I keep forget about they . ( shrug ) well , everybody else have . after forty - five day . ( he tune in he console , speak into microphone ) Houston to artemis ii , Houston to artemis ii , come in please . voice from console ( v.o. ) howdy , Houston . 88 int . lem . capsule - moon surface in the lem be a astronaut , nate , who have be up there for forty - five day and look it -- unshaven , haggard and bored . voice of controller ( v.o. ) ( over lem speaker ) nate ? nate yo ! voice of controller ( v.o. ) how 's it go up there ? nate all system normal , Houston . Andy be out do the geological survey -- voice of controller ( v.o. ) more rock ... nate affirmative . and cosmonaught boris be get some soil sample . ( pause , mild chuckle ) by the way , boris and I be get engage . voice of controller ( v.o. ) I have a feel about you guy when I see you Rorschach test . continued 88 continued nate ( grin ) just a little down - home humour there , Houston . voice of controller ( v.o. ) surface condition unchange ? nate ( look out porthole ) well , it 's mighty pretty out there . mighty -- ( suddenly sit straight up in he seat with a look of absolute amazement ; he peer through the porthole ) -- pretty . 89 new angle - Pov : through the porthole , ursa drift like a languorous , undulate rhine maiden , float down through the darkness to the moon 's surface -- a smile , siren a magical apparition . 90 int . houston , NASA space CENTER - day second controller mighty pretty , right . ( a look at he colleague ) listen , nate -- ( sharper ) nate ? ( no answer ) nate ? hey , wake up , will ya ? 91 int . lem capsule , moon surface nate stare out the porthole , mesmerize . nate ( half - whisper ; stunne ) that 's it . yeah , I be dream . controllers voice ( v.o. ) come in , artemis . nate yeah . . . well . . . uh , Houston . . . we seem to have a . . . a . . . unidentified fly . . . ( he still can not believe he eye ) object . 91 continued controller voice ( v.o. ) ( more alert ) a unidentified --- ? what do it look like ? nate well , sir . . . actually , what it look like , I would have to say , it definitely look like , like . . . a girl . 92 ext . another section of moon ( as previously shot : ursa confront andy and rip he suit OPEN , killing he ) this scene be not type out in the actual script , but be add here from the Tom mankiewicz script for reference purpose . ) astronaut Andy , in he bulky space suit and helmet , laboriously lift some moon rock , stand , begin lope back to he vehicle with they as ursa suddenly land in front of he . Andy recoil , he bug eye clearly visible through he mask . ursa you . robbie ah . . . ah . . . yes. ma'am ? ( to himself ) I do not believe I say that . ursa what sort of creature be you ? robbie ma'am , I be just a person . . . ( point ) from Earth , you know ? I be just a man . ursa ( widen smile ) a man . . . ursa suddenly reach out , rip the space suit down the front , tear a great gape hole as easily as if she be rip tissue paper . robbie be arm flail in the air . he quickly explode ( effect ) from the pressure change . ursa grin . 93 ext . other section of the moon ( as previously shot : general zod confront boris and kill he ) this scene be not type out in the actual script , but be add here from the Tom mankiewicz script for reference purpose . ) another astronaut , boris , he suit bear the insignia of the ussr , be attach by a long hose to he vehicle as he kneel a few yard away in a crater , scoop up sample of dust and put they in container . camera pan : general zod suddenly pop out of the crater , vaulting over the lip , land near the astonished boris who turn , babbling in Russian . boris ( in Russian ) who be you ? where do you . . . . zod lift boris ' life - line in one hand and , use he finger as a pair of scissors , simply snip it in two . arm flail , he scream echoing , boris rise like a balloon , he gravity pull destroy as he float up and away . zod watch he dispassionately . zod what a fragile sort of life form this be . . . 94 ext . lem ( as previously shot : zod and ursa return to the lem . with non , they approach the spacecraft . ) 95 int . lem capsule , moon surface nate stare out at the three - unable and unwilling to believe what he be see . nate my god --- frantically he press , again and again , a switch . 96 insert : his finger press the button ( or switch ) mark " launching rocket . " 97 ext . lem capsule , moon surface ( as previously shot , non shake and break the lem . overlay on soundtrack the follow radio appeal grow more urgent : ) continued 97 continued voice of controller ( v.o. ) artemis ? artemis , this be Houston . come in , artemis . this be Houston . this be Houston call . 98 int . houston , NASA space control CENTER - day first controller what 's go on ? second contoller I do not know , lose contact . first controller ( not perturb as this be obviously a common problem ; call out kiddingly : ) somebody use a hair dryer in here ? second controller ( a bit more concerned no , really . ( to mike : ) artemis ? do you read I ? first controller what would he say before ? he see a girl ? second controller I think he say a " curl . " first controller what 's a curl ? second controller be not that what the old canaveral guy use to call a comet on a East - West trajectory ? first controller how the hell would I know ? I be in high school back in that day . continued 98 continued second controller ( razzing he ) Boy , you sure look old for you age ( to mike : ) artemis ? artemis ? he key up the volume : sound of much static . second controller sound like the usual electrical interference . ( note : at this point , go to footage previously shot in which the three villain discuss there newly found power and there realization of the yellow SUN etc . ) 99 ext . moon surface zod , ursa and non sit amidst the debris . they have decorate themselves with the spoil : zod wear patch and NASA badge . ursa sport a NASA belt buckle , wear as a brooch . non , rock as he sit , make frightening noise of pleasure , pleased with the mayhem he 's cause . ursa ( thoughtful ) strange . I tore that metal fiber like paper . and what he do . . .. ( point at non ) be amazing ! ( dawns on she ) something be happen . . .. zod yes . to all of we . the closer we come to a atmosphere with only one sun - a yellow sun - the more we molecular density give we unlimited power ! ursa ( they come from . . . Earth . ) delete in cutting ( ( point ) ) there . . . ( examine NASA buckle ) a place call . . . Houston . . . continued 99 continued zod then we must go there too . ( rise ) to rule . finally - to rule ! ( to ursa ) and then you shall have what you want . ursa ( cold steel ) ( Men . to destroy . ) delete in cutting zod and I will lead . 100 ext . prison - night it be curfew time . one by one , light be extinguish throughout the prison yard . the only illumination leave be in the light guard tower , which top the wall . 101 int . cell block - night - tracking shot camera track with prison guard as he walk the length of the cellblock make sure the light be out and all prisoner be safely in they cell . he mark the information down on a clipboard . guard 382 . . . check . . . 383 . . . check . . . he pass luthor be cell as camera hold : luthor and otis sit in the far corner , clearly visible in a strange light . they be both read . closer on guard the guard back up , look into luthor be cell , irritate . guard light out , luthor . neither luthor nor otis move a muscle . guard I say light out ! again no physical or verbal response . the angry guard unlock the cell door , enter . continued 101 continued int . cell - night luthor continue to peer down at a book entitle : holographs made easy . otis read a comic . the guard cross angrily . guard you guy be about ten second away from solitary , you know that ? ( to otis ) gimme that comic . . . the guard reach out to snatch the comic away from otis : he hand pass right through it as if the book be make of air . the guard stop , wide - eye , step toward luthor who suddenly disappear completely . he turn back , step toward otis . now otis disappear , but luthor have reappear . the stunne guard look down , see he be stand in front of two beam of light . he swivel to find they source as camera pan : they be be project from the corner by a small , complicated - look holograph device . 102 ( note : the follow be a revision of a sequence already shot , show the cut and include the addition of two new line concern the disposition of otis . ) ext . balloon , sky - day luthor , in high spirit , give Eve a kiss on the cheek . but she be clearly not happy , she old doubt settling in again . lex well do , miss teschmacher . eve ( glumly ) why be I do this ? why be I here ? lex be this a philosophy seminar ? no . this be getaway . luthor take out he Black box tracking device and start work on it . Eve stare down over the edge of the basket . 103 very long shot - of this balloon sailing through the blue . eve ( upset ) lex ... lex , how could you do that to otis ? luthor ( indifferently ) what else be ballast for ? 104 closer , two shot luthor ( change the subject ; winningly , for he ) how would you like to take a little vacation ? I mean you have earn it , you know ? you deserve it . eve ( brightly ) there be some good in you , lex , after all . luthor you will have to pack quickly . eve ( get into it ) a bikini ! I will need to buy a new bikini , lex. ( suggestively ) c'mon . after be coope up in that prison , have not you think about I in a bikini . . ... once maybe ? luthor ( flatly ) a parka . eve you think about I in a parka . that 's sick , lex . really . luthor ( settling back ) North ! he reach under he coat , pull out the Black box again , set it on he lap , pet it . luthor we be go North , miss teschmacher . 105 ext . niagara fall - day close on a white textured surface , which fill the screen . at first it look like some piece of the freeze ' North ' to which luthor have just allude . but as we begin to zoom back slowly . we see that it be a great cataract of fall water , and what look like ice be really the foam and churn . continue to pull back to reveal that we be look at the magnificent horseshoe Falls of Niagara Falls . camera now pan away from fall to a typical motel of the area . a flashy neon sign coyly design , proclaim honeymoon Haven . several car be park outside , decorate with crepe paper ribbon and tin can and ' just married ' sign . 106 int . outside door of HOTEL - day the bellboy put the key in the lock . it 's a heart - shape key on a heart - shape key ring . he open the door . bellboy ( to Clark ) if you would like to carry Mrs . . . ( check the name on the card in he hand ) . . . Smith over the threshold . . . . . . clark ( awkwardly ) huh ? oh , er . . . . . bellboy it 's sort of traditional . I can give you a hand if you have trouble lift . . . lois I will walk , thanks . she walk in , follow by clark and the bellboy . 107 int . noneymoon haven motel suite - day bellboy well , here you be . reverse on the room -- a triumph of bad taste , all velveteen and Formica , heart - shape cushion . in the center of the room be a open-hearth fireplace with fake plastic log rest on some kind of gas jet ; a chain hang from the flue . on the floor in front of it be a bearskin rug complete with polar bear head . continued 106 continued bellboy ( very slick at this ) be this you first visit to honeymoon Haven ? ( he wink ) together , anyway ? clark ( stiffly ) yes . bellboy well , let I just show you some of we special feature . he cross to the fireplace , switch on a switch and immediately flame shoot up from the gas jet position below the fake log . bellboy this be we " flame of Love , " exclusive with this motel in the area . self -regulate , of course . if you want the flame to go higher , just pull this . he tug the cord and the flame grow higher . on clark -- in some way , he will always be just a kid from smallville . clark it be kinda romantic . lois in July ??? new angle -- the bellboy go on with he rehearse pitch , as he open the door , curtain , etc . bellboy for a nominal charge , we staff photographer will be happy to prepare a special souvenir album of you honeymoon stay . he will photograph you in the heat swim pool , in the solarium , and , if you wish , in some of we more intimate location : the " tub for two " - ( gesture toward bathroom door ) -- on the bear skin rug - ( gesture toward the rug ) continued 107 continued on lois -- scowling , cynical , as she touch the " fur " rug . lois ( half - aloud ) gee , reel polyester ! bellboy ( he piece de resistance , he reach the bed ) and here 's the - clark right . thank you . ( hand he a tip ) bellboy thank you , sir . and have a happy - ( with a dopey wink ) whatever . and on that note he leave they alone . 108 clark sit on the bed which start to vibrate . he jump up in surprise . tight angle -- beside the bed , on a table , be a box with a coin slot . the legend on it read : ' Magic finger ' vibrating bed deposit quarter for one hour clark ( to himself ) ' Magic finger . ' fifty cent . lois ( ruefully , while unpack ) hah , some guy say I have magic finger . clark ( completely misunderstanding , totally sincere ) oh , you be a great writer , lois , nobody doubt that . continued 108 continued c.u. lois -- the expression on she face say it all . lois yeah , thanks . . . . I mean , really ! pose as newlywed to uncover the honeymoon racket in Niagara Falls . ( indignantly ) I mean , . imagine waste a great reporter - ( quickly ) -- uh , reporter -- on this . ( a moue of disgust ) perry White and he Sunday Magazine expose . clark ( earnestly ) but this should be expose . they get kid here who be just start out in life and they take they for every nickel they can get . that 's what perry say . as he discover a bucket of champaign on the tv with a little card beside it : clark ( rather impressed ) on the other hand . . .. this be pretty nice . " complimentary champagne . " and look at this . he hold up a cellophane - wrap orchid . clark ( brightly ) a " complimentary corsage . " lois ( ever the cynic ) oh sure , everything be complimentary . until you get the bill . he unwrap the orchid and bring it to she , rather shyly . move in tighter . she stand stand stiffly as he put it on . continued 108 continued clark I be . . . uh . . . just wonder about the .. . .the .. . . the uh , arrangement . ( turn away : blurt it out ) sleep arrangement . lois Mr. Smith - ( with a smile and flourish towards the sofa ) -- the " complimentary couch . " 109 ext . lookoutpoint , niagara fall - day on a SMALL boy romping rather abandonedly near a iron guard rail as we hear : mother ( o.s. ) Jason ! watch out ! as she appear and grab he none too gently , pull back to see that we be at a vantage point overlook the Falls . the fence of parallel iron bar keep the tourist , who be look through binocular machine from fall over the edge . various shot : the area be fill with family , snap away with instamatics , and newlywed couple , all hold hand . not far away be a hot dog stand do a brisk business . a fine mist rise from the Falls and hang in the air . people be constantly wiping they glass and talk a blue streak . 110 close on lookput point area where Clark and lois be stand , wear shiny new wedding ring , do they newlyw number . clark we should be hold hand . they be all hold hand . almost every couple around they hold hand as they look at the Falls . favoring lois lois afraid to let go , probably . when they let go , they head for the lawyer . continued 110 continued favoring clark -- eyeing the couple rather wistfully . clark I do not know , they look pretty happy to I ... lois ( crack wise ) that 's because you can hardly see through that thing . 111 new angle , close : his glass be indeed completely mist up . have X - Ray vision , he 's never even notice . lois ( take a handkerchief out of she purse ) how can you walk around like that ? and so say , she snatch the glass off he face . he stiffen , afraid that he might suddenly look a lot like superman to she . but she be not even look at he . she be busy clean he glass and talk a blue streak . lois you really should pay attention to thing like that , Clark . I know it sound corny , but my mother always say , you only get one pair of eye ---- she smile up at he . lois here . do not say I never do anything for you . I will even let you keep the handkerchief if --- c.u. lois : she be just about to set the glass back on he nose when she get she first look at he without they . she do a tiny , quizzical take . c.u. clark -- aware he be be scrutinize . he hold he breath . she cock she head and lean towards he inquiringly , when : 112 suddenly , little Jason run into frame darting between they . he be one of that kid who just can not stand still . lois be jostle and completely distract by this interruption . Clark be vastly relieved . he casually retrieve he glass and put they back on as Jason 's father , this time , retrieve the hyperactive child . father Jason ! ( to Clark and lois ) ' scuse I . the father wear a gray suit similar to the one Clark wear . 113 lois watch as he haul the kid away . lois ( turn back to Clark ) hey , be you hungry ? I be hungry . clark ( secure behind he glass again , he smile at she ) lois , you be amazing . lois aw , c'mon -- anybody can get hungry . clark no . I mean here you stand with one of nature 's most awesome spectacle and the whole time you have have you back to it . be not you impressed ? lois frankly , once you have see superman in action , Niagara Falls tend to leave you cold . clark look in the direction of the parking lot and hot Dog stand . clark ( get the message ) two hot dog -- come up . he turn and go . lois and orange juice ... but only if it 's freshly squeeze . 114 on jason -- now stand very dangerously between the iron bar of the guardrail . all this be for someone 's benefit as he call out : jason ( big impish grin ) hey , becha can not do this ! suddenly he lose he foot and almost go over . his mother scream . but : 115 a gray-suite arm shoot into frame , pull he to safety . pan up the arm to reveal that it 's not papa , but Clark . clark ( big brotherly ) hey , tarzan , this be not the jungle . mother now grab Jason away as if Clark be about to molest he . 116 twp shot -- mother and jason mother do not I tell you never to talk to strange man ? and with that she deal he a resounding smack . as the kid howl , pan to lois , watch it all , appal . as she shake she head : 117 ext . hot dog stand , niagara fall .s - day with a little sigh , Clark get on the end of a very long line . as he wait patiently , bored .: 118 ext . lookout point , niagara fall - day favoring lois and jason -- the boy dangle through the bar , do bit for the benefit of lois . she watch he with dismay , unwilling to alert mama , who will only wallop he again , but very nervous about the show she be get . on lois - look at he disapprovingly . on jason -- a high kick or two and a quick grin , when suddenly he hand slip . the grin turn to a terrify cry as he plummet down the Falls . 119 follow he as we hear o.s. , he mother 's pierce scream . he tumble through the air , arm splay out , clutching at nothing , and now there be other scream , pandemonium above , off screen . 120 new wider angle : suddenly a blue streak zoom out of the sky . it be superman , swoop up the kid just before he hit the rapid . 121 on lois -- watch , thrilled . lois ( cheer ) way to go , superman ! in quick cut : 122 1 . customer desert the hot dog stand in drove rush to see the rescue . 123 2 . folk crowd the binocular machine , focus they to see superman , who be now fly up with the kid . 124 3 . other cheer and applaud as Jason be bring back to he near-hysterical mother . 125 closer -- as superman set Jason , safe and sound , on terra firma . jason ( he love it ) again ! again ! superman ( with a wink ) sorry . only one ride to a customer . and off he soar to the click of camera and more cheer . 126 on lois -- wave frantically to attract he attention . lois hey , wait ! superman , it 's I . it 's lo-- too late . he 's go . as lois stand there dejectedly . mother ( o.s . ) now you be gonna get it ! sound : a smack . next sound : a howling child . lois pay it little attention . she be busy put two and two together . lois ( miff ) well ! hello and goodbye . what 's he hurry ? I mean , since he happen to be in Niagara Falls - continued 126 continued lois ( cont . ) ( that strike she ) just happen to be here ? be not that funny ... ( suddenly ) Clark ... ( consider ) and Clark be not here ... ( the light dawns ) ... as usual . 127 ext . behind hot dog stand , niagara fall - day now a desert area , everyone have hurried off to see the action . superman land . follow he as he move toward the hot dog stand and reappear from behind it as clark kent complete with gray suit , glass . he be all alone with a tray of hot dog . finally with a little shrug , he pick up two of they and start back . he get about four foot away and then the honest afterthought hit he . he step back to the counter , fish in he pocket , and leave a dollar lay there . 128 ext . lookout point , niagara fall - day two shot -- as the crowd behind disperse , still excited , lois be intent only on she own conversation with Clark . lois where be you ? clark ( hand she a hot dog , very defensively ) I be get hot dog . what do you mean ? lois ( not give a inch ) I mean it strike I funny that every time superman come around , you disappear . clark ( try for casual ) superman ? oh , be he here ? lois and you be not . as usual . what do you say to that ? continued 128 continued clark you have get mustard there , on the corner of you -- lois wipe it off . she will not be talk out of this now . 129 begin to track with they as they walk away from lookout Point and along the path that run alongside the churn , rapid-ridden Niagara River . lois ( elaborately conversational ) y'know I never start to put it together before , Clark . and that 's funny because a good reporter be not suppose to let anything slip by she . but I be beginning to get it now . . . . . . Clark look more and more nervous the closer she get to it . clark ( try to fake she out ) lois , I do not have the vaguest idea -- as usual -- what you be -- lois ( cut through it ) do not fake I out , Clark . ( pause ) or whoever you be . clark whoever , I ( act " patient " ) look , maybe you ought to take a walk and clear you head . I 'ii meet you back at the motel . desperate to get out of this tight spot , he turn and start to walk away . new angle -- Clark , in f.g. , come toward camera . lois be behind he . she watch he walk a few step and then drop the bombshell . lois ( very quickly ) what 's you hurry , superman ? we can see he reaction , but she can not . then he turn to she . continued 129 continued new angle - mo two shot clark ( do " incredulous " ) who ???? lois listen , I have get to give you credit . you disguise be nearly perfect . I mean , if you fool I , and I be nobody 's fool -- clark ( brave it through ) no , of course not , lois . you just get carry away sometimes . believe I , I understand -- lois ' expression set . she turn and walk out onto the little bridge that cross the churn rapid . Clark follow she anxiously . 130 ext . bridge - day clark ( still try ) you have be under a lot of pressure lately - lois ( will not be put off ) uh-uh . ( she come to a halt in the middle of the bridge ) listen , I will tell you what . you say I be wrong . and I say I be right . so why do not we make a little bet on it ? clark how could you win a crazy bet like -- tight c. U. lois -- she could not be more serious . lois because of what I be betting . ( pause ) my life . clark what ?? continued 130 continued new angle , favoring lois lois you hear I . I be so sure you be superman , I be go to stake my life on it . if I be right , you will turn into superman . . . and if I be wrong . . .. ( true grit ) . . . well , then you will have one hell of a story . clark ( laugh it off ) you have get some imagination , lois . for a minute there you almost have I convinced . he start to walk off the bridge . she do not budge . clark I say " almost " though , because no one be actually foolhardy enough to do a goofy thing like -- on lois -- a defiantly mischievous grin on she determine face . lois ( almost sing it ) bye - bye , baby . and with that she calmly climb over the bridge rail and before the disbely eye of Clark Kent , jump into the raging Niagara river . 131 wide shot , angle down -- stay afloat in this rapid be much more difficult than lois imagine . she be struggle . on the opposite bank be a great tree , one massive half - dead branch hang out over the water . 132 c. U. clark clark lois ! 133 on lois -- in the water , panicked . lois help ! superman ! 134 on clark -- in a real quandary . clark now what do I do ? as he look around , desperate for a solution , he see : 135 he Pov : the dangle half - dead branch stick out from the tree across the way . 136 c. U. clark -- now he know what to do . 137 effect : he beam a ray of intense heat -vision at the rotting branch and burn it through . it drop off , tumble into the swirl current . it float wildly downstream towards lois . clark ( o.s. ) lois ! lois , grab hold ! grab that branch ! 138 struggle against the strong current , she manage to get hold of it . 139 on clark : quietly , he exhales a great gust of Super - breath . 140 effect : ( on the river ) this blast of air , like a sudden favorable breeze , send the branch with lois hold onto it shoot across the river , right up to the bank and dry land . 141 new angle -- Clark come run off the bridge clamber down the side of the bank to help pull she to safety . 142 he grab the other end of the branch she be clutching and be use it to hoist she to safety . 143 he have no sooner get she close to dry land again then he lose he own foot . in a very convincing and very undignify fashion , he tumble into the drink himself . lois ( in dismay and disbelief ) oh Clark , no ! clark ( make a great show of wildly thrashing about in the water ) lois , help ! I can not -- ( start to go under ) I can not swim -- ! lois hold onto the bank , extend the branch she be still hold from she own rescue . continued 142 continued lois here ! Clark reach and miss . lois ( frantically ) come on , Clark ! get it , for God 's sake ! and hang on ! he finally manage to grab hold . lois that 's it ! okay , take it easy now , I have get you . . . 143 with a great effort , she haul he up onto the riverbank . he look as wet , bedraggle and miserable as she do , except that on she it 's adorable . lois look he up and down and shake she head ruefully as he stand there drip . lois look what I think be superman . Clark shrug and smile sheepishly . 144 ext . houston - day wide long shot : a bleak , scrubby landscape . a smallish lake in the center of it . Zod , non and ursa fly down space widely apart , and land on various area of the region . non and ursa be on one side of the lake , General Zod on the other . on zod - contemplate a vista that be less than thrill . zod so this be the planet Houston . . . ursa ( call from across the lake ) what shall we do now ? zod stay . I will come to you . zod -- he start to walk towards ursa and non and step off the bank into the lake . to he surprise , he quickly find himself up to he waist in cold , wet water . continued 144 continued zod ( think it over , feel it ) hmmmmmmm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . he walk forward again . but this time he walk on the water instead of in it . 145 we CUT to another part of the lake and see the reaction t zod be feat on the face of a elderly fisherman , sit in boat conceal by some reed . 146 favoring ursa and non - behind they , in b.g. we see zod walk across the water towards they . as ursa look around : sound : the hiss rattle of a rattlesnake . ursa look in the direction of the snake . 148 on the ground -- a few foot in front of she , a rattlesnake have crawle from beneath a rock . his head rise up , he tongue flick menacingly , he tail rattles . ursa look curiously at this unknown visitor . ursa ( bemuse ) a primitive sort of life form . . . she pick up the snake . 149 insert : the rattler , furious , hiss and strike . its fang sink quickly into ursa be wrist . 150 favoring ursa - unhurt , but annoyed , she throw it to the ground . she scowl and glower at the snake . effect : a beam of heat - vision emanate from eye , strike the rattlesnake and instantly immolate it and the surround grass . it be as much of a surprise to ursa as it be to the snake . 151 wider shot - zod have arrive . ursa ( immensely pleased with she stunt , she turn to Zod ) do you see that ? do you see what I do ? continued 151 continued : on zod -- not particularly impressed . on non quite impressed in he dumb , brutish way . he look at the carcass of the burnt snake , then at ursa , try to puzzle it out . he touch this thick finger to he eye , attempt to figure the trick . his brow knot in concentration . wider angle -- she look at the dead snake on the ground . ursa ( want to impress Zod ) remarkable ! I have power beyond reason . zod ( world - weary ) we all have they , my dear . ursa look a little put out at he lack of response . as he turn away to look about the terrain . on non -- concentrate fiercely on the abandon snake , he narrow he eye , try to make heat -vision happen . but nothing come . he pick up the carcass , hold it in front of he face , scowl exaggeratedly and try again . he grunt with the effort . but to no avail . non be frustrated . he try again . CUT to : 152 int . live room , honeymoon haven motel suite - day c.u. Fire flame in e.c.u. th curtain have be draw . lois , in a voluminous terrycloth bathrobe , sit on the bearskin rug , brush out she long hair in front of the fire . she reach over and pull the cord to raise the " flame of Love . " as the flame shoot higher , pull back to reveal Clark , now in shirt and slack , lean on the mantelpiece . in the firelight she be warm and beautiful and he look down at she adoringly . lois ( rattling on ) God , I must have look like a idiot - jump in the river to wait for mister wonderful . ( smart ) who obviously have better thing to do . continued 152 continued : she get up , still talk , leave she hairbrush on the edge of the fireplace . she cross to the dress table , sit on the red velvet stool and gaze in the heart - shape mirror . lois ( embarrassed ) I be so embarrassed . promise you will never tell anyone ? ( push thing aside on the dress table , hunt something ) I know I have a comb here somewhere . on clark : he look at the dress table . 153 effect : x-ray vision Pov : the comb be in a top drawer , under a scarf . 154 on clark : who , of course , say nothing about it . eide angle - lois be still hunt for the comb as she speak . lois and then think you be - I mean , if perry White ever hear about this . . . ( she shudder to think , then look around in mild frustration ) swell . I have not only lose my mind . I have lose my comb . ( hold out she hand ) pass I that brush over there , will you ? he walk toward the " flame of Love " but he can not take he eye off she . as he take another step , he trip over a totally unexpected obstacle - the great open - jaw bear head of the rug . he fall forward , sprawling , and he hand plunge right into the flame . lois scream , jump up from she chair . Clark pull he hand out of the fire quickly . she run to he , drop on she knee beside he . lois oh my God ! you hand - she take it , terrify , and look at it . 155 insert : the fist be close . tenderly , she unfold it , bare the palm . there be no burn , no mark at all . 156 tight two shot - she look down at it in wonder , then up at he . lois ( almost awed ) it 's true . it 's true . clark lois , I . . . lois ( try to hold in she exultation ) I be right . you be superman . clark oh come on , that 's ridic - but he can not finish the sentence . he jump up and turn he back on she in anguish and frustration . lois , a bit hesitantly go over to he and gently touch he back . lois ( small voice ) I be . . . sorry ? Clark turn back to she , very serious , very upset . clark you do not have anything to be sorry about . ( " kick himself " ) how could I . . . lois maybe you want to . clark I do not think I want to . lois ( tentatively ) well , not in you mind , but maybe . . . deep in you heart . . . continued 156 continued move in closer to they clark we would better talk . lois ( quickly ) I be in love with you . how do you feel ? clark we would better talk . lois I be listen . clark not here , perry will be call at six to find out what 's happen . lois ( tender smile ) " what 's happen . " oh , be that the understatement of the year . well , so . . . where do you want to . . . talk ? clark I guess it would be all right if - ( make a tough decision ) lois , now that you know I , I think you ought to know it all . she come very close to he . lois I want to . clark ( he voice suddenly fill with emotion ) let 's go to my place . she lay a gentle hand on he arm . he look down at it and then at she . continued 156 continued clark ( quietly ) let 's go to my place . lois ( enchant ) you place ? ( glance down at herself in the bathrobe ; a small , warm smile beginning ) maybe I should change , ( a pause as she look at he in he " civvy " ) maybe you should , too . Clark smile ; they look in each other 's eye as the camera move in . over this we hear luthor ( o.s . ) 157 ( note : the follow sequence be compose of three element : a. new voice - over material for luthor and eve. bear new material for lara and the various elder who appear on crystal in the fortress . c. previously shot material for luthor and Eve in the fortress . the first section below be new dialogue to be laid over the previously shot long shot of luthor and Eve on the snowmobile move across the arctic landscape . the middle section , inside the fortress , consist of a scene already shot involve luthor and Eve wander around the place , find the crystal etc . follow that , beginning with the first materialization of krypton elder on the crystal , we combine new material with old . the key be simply this : all line and reaction by luthor and Eve have be previously shot and be to be intercut with new material . for purpose of clarity , we have re-type this already shot line again . the final sequence consist of new dialogue to be laid over the previously shot long shot of luthor and Eve see from behind , leave the fortress on the snowmobile . ) ext . frozen landscape - day long shot of luthor and Eve on the snowmobile head toward the fortress : continued 157 continued luthor mush ! mush ! eve ( profoundly annoyed ) look at this ! snow . Ice . you idea of a good time . luthor a good time ! be that all you care about ?! eve I would not know . I have never have one . 158 omitted ( at this point , go to previously shot footage as indicate in script of 26 September , 1977 , beginning with shot 346 on page 288/289 , continue with shot 347 , 348 , 349 , end on page 294 as luthor put in the first crystal . dialogue cut to be make within this exist footage be mark on separate page . ) 159 fortress of solitude . Old sc. 348/9 eve this way lex . lex it ' 's fantastic ! ----- this place be genius . eve genius ! -- lex . lex I will be alright . eve no , I , I , I . thank you . lex it 's beautiful . eve it 's beautiful . continued 159 continued lex it have everything . eve wrong . lex why do not you go before we leave ? eve that be two day ago . frankly , I think this place be a bit boring . it 's all white . why do not the guy put up some poster ? maybe some bullfight thing . . . lex it 's beautiful . ( eve ) ( beautiful . ) ( ) ( lex ) ( do not touch anything . ) ( ) ( eve ) ( do not touch anything -- Ice . ) ( ) delete in cutting lex Ice ----- it 's not ice . eve it 's not ice . 160 another angle suddenly : the light change in the fortress . a disembody voice boom out : voice ( o.s. ) Crystal 914 . cogitation of the elder kron - dar . continued 160 continued the giant head of one of the krypton elder materialize . kron-dar the virtuous spirit have no need for gratitude or approval . . . luthor what the ---? Eve take a step back , frighten . kron-dar only the certain conviction that what have be do be right . . . luthor be you here ? kron-dar the great virtue be that which ignore any think of personal aggrandizement or reward . . . luthor ( catch on ) ahhhh , he 's not here ! he speak from the past ! cute , very cute . . . kron-dar if we accept that which serve the general good invariably serve the individual as well . . . luthor yank the crystal out . luthor so much for Moral rearment . give I another one . as he put it in , the disembody voice again be hear : voice ( o.s. ) Education crystal 108 . literature of primitive culture . 161 the image of a second elder materialize . second elder " tree " by Joyce kilmer of the planet Earth . " I think that I shall never see / a poem as lovely as a tree / a tree whose branch wide and strong . . . luthor yank it out . 162 eve I like tree . luthor so do you average cocker spaniel . give I another one . ( point ) under . . . the big one there . he put this krypton crystal in . 163 suddenly the image of lara materialize , float in the vast space of the fortress . lara kal - El , my son - eve ( o.s . ) it 's somebody 's mother ! lara -- as the keeper of the archive of krypton , it fall to I to tell you of the darkest episode in we planet history . luthor now this I want to hear . lara for many eon the people of we world have live together in harmony . then there appear among we three anti-social element - what on Earth be classified as " criminal . " continued 163 continued luthor ( off-screen ) my kind of people . lara the three prove - after exhaustive effort - incapable of rehabilitation . now as you know , we have no death penalty - luthor sensible enough . lara and so we scientist construct , from a irreversible mathematical equation , the phantom Zone . in it we imprison this three arch-villain for all eternity . luthor no possibility for parole ? lara the elder have , of course , think long and hard about that question . luthor ( pleased ) I ask the right question . lara ( uneasily ) the one danger we have consider be that the phantom Zone might - we cannot predict - just might be crack by a nuclear explosion in space . I can not say I be glad you ask I that - luthor I do not ask she anything . . . note : hackman to loop " she " in place of " he " here . continued 163 continued lara -- because we do not know what could be be do if they be to escape . ( troubled ) on krypton this villain be uncontrollable . on Earth each of they would have the same power you have . ( let that sink in ; then ) the first of this three - and they leader - be General Zod . . . 164 the great c.u. of Zod , exactly as see in the begginning of the film , during the trial , appear on screen . once again the voice of the prosecute elder speak the same word we heard before : voice of elder General Zod . a warpe , would - be dictator . his only feel be contempt . . . as we realize they be to hear and see what we have already hear and see . . . . dissolve to : 165 ext . fortress - day over the long shot of luthor and Eve riding away from the fortress in the snowmobile : luhtor ( excitedly ) that explain that three new Alpha wave I have be get ! it 's they ! they be come ! come to you neighborhood theatre ! eve not mine , lex . I do not want any part of this . that people be scary . ( adamantly ) call I when it 's over . continued 165 continued luthor you will miss the battle of the century ! eve good . my heart can not take it . luthor you heart , miss teschmacher ? I never know you have one . they ride off into the distance . 166 ext . east houston outskirt - day a patrol car with a red dome light on its roof come down the road . 167 int . police car - day the town 's two policemen sit in the front seat . the driver be the deputy , in he late 20' . seat beside he be the sheriff , a paunchy guy in he 40' . they be both , in current parlance , real shit - kicker , as we meet they , they be in the middle of a conversation . sheriff I , spring . deputy not I . I be summer . sheriff ( this strike he as damned odd ) summer ? deputy summer. ( explain ) y'know it get real warm and everything . . . sheriff ( he think it over awhile , then make up he mind ) nope . . . spring 's better , that 's my feelin ' on it . continued 167 continued deputy suit yourself . they spot the villain on the road . 168 Pov : up ahead on the road , ursa , Zod , and non be range across the asphalt , wait . deputy I do not know , but from the look of them , I will bet they be from Los Angeles . he blow the horn , as the car get closer to they . 169 ext . east houston road - day the three stand , unmove , as the car approach . sheriff hey , y'all get you butt outta the road ! the horn blow insistently , the red light go on in the revolve dome . zod I like the globe that flash red like we krypton sun . but not this irritate noise . he stride toward the car . zod ( imperiously ) make way ! 170 int . patrol car - day sheriff do I hear right ? do that summabitch give I a order ?! ( to deputy ) see to it , duane . deputy but -- continued 170 continued sheriff y'all better learn to kick ass if you wanna be a peacemaker . the deputy unclip from its rack they saw - off shotgun . then he open the door and step out . 171 ext . east houston road - day the three step closer as he emerge . deputy awright , just what in the hell -- ursa touch the badge on he shirt front curiously . ursa what be this symbol ? do you follow another leader ? deputy ( confuse ) follow the leader . . . ? she rip the badge off and pin it on herself , add to she purloin NASA patch . deputy ( stunne at the effrontery ) holeee skunk sweat ! he raise the shotgun , point it at they . on the car , favoring the sheriff : watch circumspectly . the three have no reaction at all to the raise shotgun . Zod look at it curiously . zod a weapon of some sort ? 172 effect : as Zod stare intently at the shotgun , the weapon jerk out of the deputy 's hand and levitate in the air . directed by Zod 's gaze , it slowly float in mid-air and move a few foot toward the General , present itself barrel first . 173 mo . c.u. deputy -- dumbfounded . deputy how in hell do you do that ?? 174 on the car : the sheriff be practically wetting he pants . 175 now Zod , with dispassionate and scientific curiosity grab hold of the gun with one hand and reach toward the trigger with the other . remember , it be point right at he chest . he pull the trigger . bang ! the gun fire . 176 quick c.u. non -- delightedly surprised by the explosion , like a child watch a firecracker for the first time . 177 on zod -- the bullet have no effect on he . 178 reaction : sheriff and deputy , both awe -struck , incredulous , terrify . the sheriff duck down under the dashboard , fear the worst . deputy Jesus H. Christ ! done with it , Zod toss the shotgun on the ground . it roll under the car . zod ( to ursa ) crude noise - maker . . . 179 exactly why non like it . he want to try . he grab hold of the under - carriage of the car and lift it easily , simply to get the gun beneath it , c.f. baby superman in Kansas ( pt. I ) 180 int . car - day the sheriff , frighten to death , be flung against the door . 181 ext . east houston road - day with a grunt of satisfaction , non retrieve the gun . he simply drop the car . 182 on the car -- the sheriff inside , and land , bounce at the side of the road . 183 on non -- he lumber over to the car , now distract by another toy . lean over , he tip the red glass dome light from the roof and hold it out to Zod , as a offer . 184 Zod , uninterested , turn away . 185 ext . sky - day music : the love theme soar . mo . long shot : and so do superman , as he fly through the sky with lois in he arm . suddenly , in a excess of exuberance he swing into a great loop - the-loop . lois shriek and cling to he even tighter , like a young girl on a roller coaster . superman grin and hug she to he protectively , like she young swain on the roller coaster . hold camera stationary as they fly off , get smaller and smaller , a joyously cartwheel dot that disappear in the blue . 186 int . fortress of solitude - day full shot -- superman and lois land at the door of the fortress . he set she gently on she foot . closer as he step down , then turn to see lois still stand there , dazzle by the crystalline structure . superman ( hold he arm open to she ) you must be freezing . lois I must be . but I be not . ( look around , fill with wonder ) you home . this be you home . superman well . . . it 's be more like a fortress than a home . ( he take she hand , lead she inside ) until now . 187 ext . MAIN STREET , east houston - day a general store , and beside it , a billboard . next to that , a little post office , with a flagpole in front of it fly the american flag . next to that a saloon . on its roof be one of that rather elaborate tv antennas use in faraway small town like this to bring in a decent picture from the transmitter . next to that a wooden building that might be garage or a former stable . on a twelve year old boy , sit on the step of the Post office , read a comic book . this be willie . as he turn a page and idly glance up , he jaw drop . 188 pan with he gaze , past a pick - up truck load with crate of turkey and park in font of the saloon , to see what amaze Willie : it be Zod , ursa , and non who have come to town . as Zod and ursa stride into the saloon , hold on non , who still carry the glass dome police light . from the intensity of he self - absorb expression , we can tell he be still try to puzzle out this heat -vision routine . he stop and focus on the open wooden tailgate of the pick - up truck . he narrow he eye in imitation of Zod and grunt with effort . 189 effect : a feeble , pitiful beam of heat - vision finally emanate from he eye . it strike the tailgate and char a small , smoulder spot , much like a child 's woodburn kit . by George , he think he 's get it ! as non growl with satisfaction . 190 int . SALOON , east houston - day a dim light hole - in- the-wall joint . three burly good old boy be put back beer at a center table . in between chug -a-lug , two of they , sleeve roll up to bare arm like tree , be arm-wrestle . after considerable strain , wrestler one ( j.j. ) force the arm of wrestler tow ( boog ) down on the table . j.j. ( in triumph ) see there , boog . just ' cause you be ugly do not mean you be strong . he pick up he beer mug in he massive mitt and then slowly set it down again as he notice Zod and ursa in the bar . boog ( see they ) oh my God ! the circus be in town ! guy at the bar hey , J. J. , check out the bride of frankenstein . j.j. ( slapping he knee , leer at ursa ) hey , sweet thing ! set that bun down here ! continued 190 continued on ursa -- outrage , eye blaze , she approach he . ursa ( icily ) let 's just hold hand . she sit across from he , she elbow on the table , she hand open , ready to arm wrestle . j.j. be very amused . j.j. ( engulf she hand in he ) do not wanna spoil you manicure now . the word be barely out of he mouth when she flick he arm down . it be do with such super - power that he arm crash right throught the table , bring j.j. , table , and all smash to the floor , table break in half . enrage , boog leap from he chair , he great height and girth reveal for the first time . 191 ext . MAIN STREET , east houston - day from down the street the sheriff come run into town , follow by the deputy . the former be considerably the worse for the wear : tatter uniform , bruise and filthy face and quite a tale he want to tell . as he wave he arm and come yell , townspeople come over . willie sheriff ! what happen ? 192 int . SALOON - day the furious boog advance on ursa . boog girl or no girl , you be gonna be spittin ' tooth ! Zod step in front of the man and give he the slight little push . the effect be remarkable , as this light touch send the beefy boog smash right through the wall , splintering it . instantly follow by : 193 ext . MAIN STREET , east houston - day sheriff you be not never gonna believe what just happen to -- crash ! boog come hurtle out through the saloon wall , go fly tight through the turkey truck and hurtle out the other side in a storm of feather and a chorus of gobbles , and bounce to a halt at the sheriff 's foot . 194 Zod and ursa stride out of the saloon and into the street where non join they . 195 wide angle -- as dino , from across the street , pull himself together , and face off against he three nemese . it look like the classic High noon shot . dino ( leveling a shotgun at they ) awright , just get them up and keep them up . zod ( thin-lipped ) this human be beginning to annoy I . 196 effect : a beam of intense light suddenly shoot from Zod 's eye , across the street , past the cower townspeople . when it strike dino it pass through he body like a electrical charge , cause he to drop he gun and levitate he 30 foot in the air . the crowd gasp . dino hang there in mid-air , terrify . the beam of light seem to hold he there . a woman scream . Willie , cry , run to Zod . willie please , mister ! ursa ( coldy , correct he ) he be a general . willie ( plead ) please , mister General ! please let my daddy down ! zod whatever you say . 197 new angle -- as Zod snap off the beam of light . suddenly dino drop from the sky like a sack of potato . he hit the ground with a thud . 198 on willie -- paralyze with horror . 199 wide angle -- the townspeople huddle together around Willie , murmure fearfully . ursa ( imperiously ) silence ! the General wish to speak . Zod strike a pose -- arm akimbo , he cruel face impassive , he voice loud and commanding . zod I be General Zod . you ruler . ( the mutter break out again ; he raise he voice , stilling it ) yes , today we begin a new order ! on williw -- pretend to be listen to General Zod , he be in fact , edging backwards through the crowd , never look away from Zod but slip to the rear all the while , as : zod ( o.s. ) each of you -- every man , woman and child -- will march proudly in the new order ! you land , you possession , you very life will gladly be give in tribute to I ! General Zod ! we follow willie as , with careful backward stride , he break out of the back of the crowd . he dart around the back of the saloon . 200 ext . behind the SALOON , east houston - day as Zod rant off -screen , Willie run to a old graze mare tethere behind the saloon . in one jump he be on she back , loose she rope , cling to she neck , ready for the wild bareback ride . willie ( whisper prayerfully ) come on , we gotta get help ! go! go , betsy ! nothing . for one agonizing second it seem as if the old horse do not even comprehend the command . continued 200 continued willie ( despair ) oh , betsy -- please ! suddenly , with a toss of she head , the mare catch on and with Willie cling on for dear life , she gallop off towards the horizon . 201 ext . MAIN STREET , east houston - day wide angle -- as Zod continue harangue the crowd . zod in return for you obedience , you will enjoy my generous protection . in other word , you will be allow to live . ( let that sink in ) no one may leave without my permis - - suddenly Zod be silent . his eye narrow as he spot something on the horizon . 202 he Pov : Willie and betsey a hundred yard away be racing towards safety . 203 favoring the villain -- Zod 's wrath be terrible . zod I say no one leave ! he snap he finger . non raise the red glass dome of the police car and hurl it , like a grenade . 204 long , wide shot -- the red dome hit ( at super - speed ) the gallop dot in the background . 205 effect : the dot ( boy and horse ) explode in a burst of shatter red glass . 206 on the crowd a woman ( horrify ) he be only a boy ! ursa ( pleased ) who will never become a man . 207 int . fortress of solitude mo . shot -- superman and lois be stand beside the memory Crystal Bank . he be in the middle of give she the guide tour . she listen , enthralled , as he explain the Green Crystal which he handle almost with reverence . superman . . . and then , after my father die -- my Earth father , I mean -- this crystal , it . . . it 's hard to explain but . . . ( search for the word ) . . . it call to I . somehow it bring I here and help I to build this place . it build everything , really . and then , that be when I find out who I really be and what I have to do . . . he slip the Green Crystal back into its place in the memory Bank . track with they as lois follow he eagerly into another area of the fortress . superman so -- ( shyly houseproud ) I hope you like it . lois like it ? it 's magnificent ! ( shyly ) not that it could not use a woman 's touch . especially around dinner time . superman dinner . oh yes . ( a little embarrassed ) I be sorry , I just never do much about that . ( quickly ) but tonight -- I mean , anything you want , lois . c.u. lois -- a wonderful smile begin to form . 208 ext . tropical island - day we CUT to a e.l.s. of a tropical paradise . the camera be look from a peak over a tropical rain forest to the blue water of the ocean surround this tropical island . superman , a tiny speed figure in blue , swoops in over the water towards the rain forest . 209 ext . forest and waterfall - day we CUT inside the rain forest to a wide shot by a glitter pool , surround by orchid and frangipani vine . superman land by the pool and begin choose the most elegant bloom . a few of the more unusual tropical fauna regard he arrival with interest . superman then take off in a blue flash past camera with the exotic flower in he arm . 210/213 omitted 214 ext . london shipyard - day group shot on a lady and some dignitaries , include a admiral , stand on a bunt - drape platform about to launch a ship with the traditional bottle of champagne . Said bottle be attach to the customary rope , hold by the lady . SOUND : drum roll let we know a military band be on the premise . lady I name this ship bannister . God bless she and all who sail in she . she let go of the champagne bottle . as it start to swing toward the prow . 215 effect : suddenly a blue streak whizze between ship and lady . a split-second later it be go . and so be the champagne . 216 as the piece of rope hit the prow , limply : music : the band strike up a tune . the ship , which do not know the difference , start to slip into the water . SOUND : applause from the spectator . willy -nilly , the boat have in any case be launch -- champagne or no . on the lady - she look confuse , as if she 's sure there be a bottle there a moment ago . continued 216 continued lady do I . . . ? Admiral I do not . . . I be sure you do . . . ( to another dignitary ) do you see . . . ? lady ( accept the inevitable ) oh well . . . . . . 217 angle up on superman fly away . superman ( call out ) the next round 's on I ! 218 int . grocery store , sussex - day on a old lady , the proprietor , seat behind the counter of a little neighborhood grocery store , engross in read weekend . SOUND : a little bell over the door ring as the door to the shop have be enter . she look up momentarily , then go back to she article . new angle -- this guy in a blue outfit with a red cape and " S " on he chest , sparkling wine and rise in one hand , come toward she carry a dozen egg . superman Excuse I , how much . . . . old lady ( not even bother to look up from magazine ) forty -five p , dear . . . 219 ext . STREET - pisa - italy - day camaera close on a souvenir stand in pisa : the halve hold row and row of cheap plastic souvenir lean tower of Pisa , all lean identically ; above be row of picture postcard with the same identical view a italian shopkeeper admire he stock as he get ready for the day 's tourist . camera widen : in the distant b.g. be the real lean Tower of Pisa , tilt at the same familiar angle as all the plastic replica . the shopkeeper hum happily as camera pand up to a approach blue dot in the sky . 220 ext . sky above pisa - day superman fly blithely , lovestruck , through the sky , a bottle of wine in one hand , a bouquet of beautiful flower in the other . 221 ext . tower of pisa - day a blue flash circle the Tower with tremendous speed . 222 insert shot - base of tower a huge crack cornerstone at the higher base of the Tower suddenly crumble from the impact of superman 's incredible speed . 223 angle on tower the lean Tower rights itself into a erect position . 224 ext . pisa souvenir stand - day the shopkeeper dust he shelf , hum to himself . he turn automatically to look at the source of he success , he jaw drop . the lean Tower be not lean anymore ; it 's just another tower . the shopkeeper clutches he heart melodramatically . shopkeeper mamma Mia ! the shopkeeper look at the Tower , then back at he ware , then back at the Tower - scream after superman as the blue dot disappear in the sky . shopkeeper Super -cretino ! stronzo . . . hysterical , he make a obscene gesture , turn , begin smash he ware off the shelf . 225 int . fortress of solitude - day lois have return to the memory Crystal Bank , radiant with happiness , eye wide with the wonder of everything that have happen to she in the past few hour . she lean over and take the Green Crystal out , turn it over and over , study it fondly as if it be she beloved 's baby picture . lois I guess you know he when . continued 225 continued suddenly : SOUND : a rush of air , the sound we associate with superman landing . superman ( o.s. ) ( he sound like the young husband back from work ) hi , lois ! I be home ! happily , she run to greet he , carelessly put the Green Crystal down . insert : the Green Crystal roll down behind a slope platform and come to rest there , out of sight and out of mind . 226 ext . MAIN STREET , east houston - day on a newsman stand in the middle of Main Street . he look out at US as he speak earnestly into a microphone . newsman this be East Houston , Idaho , until yesterday just another town that time forget . . . as he speak , pull back and widen to reveal that he be part of a television crew cover the story of the century . a mobile truck full of equipment be park nearby . a cameraman with a minicam be shoot the report , while another technician watch a monitor and listen to sound on headphone . newsman today the population -- exaggerated report put it a 123 -- have increase by three . and this new arrival bring death and destruction in they wake , have put East Houston back on the map . indeed -- 227 suddenly non charge into fram . he look at the truck , the mincam , and the nervous newsman like wonderful new toy -- he 's not sure which to break first . but Zod be right beside he . and Zod be look at the monitor . . . and see himself . as non pick up the monitor , about to hurl it to the ground . zod stop ! continued 227 continued with a growl of disappointment , non set the monitor back down again . Zod stare at he media image thoughtfully . zod ( sharply ) who else be see this ? newsman ( sweat ) well , with this live coverage -- and of course , with the satellite -- I guess just about , the whole world must be watch -- zod the whole world ? Zentar ? the vlar 18 galaxy ? newsman Earth . I mean . . . Earth . zod ( pleased ) good . you may continue . 228 l.s. of jeep arrive . 229 ursa come over , look decidedly unfriendly . newsman ( back away from she a bit toward the relative safety of he mobile truck , still broadcasting ) we shall indeed continue bring you this extraordinary story as it unfold here in the little town of -- ursa ( petulantly to Zod ) enough of this man ! if the whole world be watch , can we not show they something more interesting ? 230 ext . MAIN STREET - day the major pick up a bullhorn and stand up in the jeep . major ( through bullhorn ) now hear this ! now hear this ! throw down you weapon -- if you have any weapon -- and surrender yourselves immediately . this be a order ! 231 on the three villain -- stand near the television crew . at the command , " this be a order , " Zod look very irritate . ursa ( regally ) General Zod do not take order . he give they . as a demonstration , Zod turn with a fierce scowl . he be about to employ hi heat -vision when he see non stand beside he , look rather pleadingly at he . zod ( to non , give he big break ) very well . you try it . favoring non -- he strike a pose of great concentration ( for he ) and open he eye wide . a moment later : 232 effect : a beam of heat -vision shoot from he eye and strike the front tire of the oncoming jeep . 233 the tire go up in a burst of flame , cause the jeep to roll over and crash into the side of one of the building . it come hurtle out of the other side of the building and land on a car lot full of park car . 234 instantly , the two troop truck screech to a halt and the soldier leap from they place , already fire at the three as they take cover all over the street . in quick cut 235 1 . the townspeople run for cover . a few be catch in the fire and fall to the ground . 236 2 . the soldier fire round after round . 237 3 . the bullet have no effect on Zod , ursa and non , who stand watch all this like spectator at a firework display . 238 on the news broadcaster newsman ( to he camera ) they be right in the line of fire and nothing happen to they ! I have not see anything like this since superman . 239 reverse - come down the other end of Main Street be a commando unit - ten Green beret . they leader carry a flame thrower . 240 wide angle -- as the tv cameraman shoot from a dangerously expose position , the commando leader point he weapon at Zod and literally open fire , shoot a solid bolt of flame at the General . 241 close on zod - he blow 242 wide angle -- as the crowd scream , Zod become a live flame thrower , blow flame at the entire commando unit . behind they , the wooden bar catch on fire and begin to go up in flame . 243 int . midwestern live room - day a guy be come in from the kitchen carry a beer , as we see t.v. a football game in progress : announcer third and four on Minnesota ' 's 25 , and the question be will loomis pass or not ? they set up in a split - T and -- suddenly the News announcer come on : news announcer we interrupt this program to bring you a direct report from East Houston , Idaho . image of the destruction in East Houston come on screen . on the guy - furious . guy hey ! what be th1s ? it 's 3rd and four for christsake ! he run to the phone , furious . continued 243 continued guy ( call out ) helen ! call that godamn t.v. station and tell them to put back the game ! 244 int . japanese live room - day a typical modern day small Tokyo apartment . a japanese father and daughter be watch the horror of East Houston on they Sony , while mama be more intent on prepare dinner . she have a fish in front of she the chopping block and she punctuate every disapprove word with a sharp down stroke of she gleam cleaver . japanese mother I -- be -- so -- tired -- of -- all -- this violence -- on -- television . ( indicate daughter ) she -- should -- not -- watch -- this ! the fish be now just a lot of tiny piece . she toss down she cleaver and firmly twist the dial to another channel . daughter ( she be enjoy it ) ah , mama , no ! 245 int . oval office , white house - day see from behind the president of the UNITED states , he secretary of state , a couple of general and a bevy of aide regard the destruction on they television screen ( probably one of that big advent job ) with dismay . a young aide ( turn to President ) Mr. President . . . sir . . . can not we -- the president ( firmly , grimly ) no , Harrison , I do not think anyone can anymore . . . unless . . . young aide ( say what be on all they mind ) where 's superman ? where be he ? ( desperately ) why do not he do something ? 246 int . fortress of solitude - night tight two shot - superman and lois , they face fill the screen as they look into each other 's eye . superman ( nervously ) I never do this before . . . I have to tell you . lois ( smiling up at he ; softly ) hey , do not worry . you will be fine , just . . . well , do not rush it . camera widen , pan : and there , a short distance away , be a souffl dish . 247 effect : superman beam he heat -vision at it . it rise almost instantly , perfectly . 248 favoring lois -- watch in amazement . the Super - souffl mount higher and higher . lois stop ! ( adoringly , as he do ) never overcook a souffl . you will learn . she pick up the champaign bottle and , do she part , strain to push the cork out . lightly , gallantly , he take the bottle from she and look at the cork . it pop out , then bubbly spilling over in classic style . superman I though we might abandon the Orange juice for once . as she eye shine , as they lean to each other . dissolve to : 249 int . fortress of solitude - night mo . close shot - dinner be over , the light be low . the magnificent flower have be move to one side . continued 249 continued we can tell from they manner that they have be talk seriously for some time . lois it must be tough , have to be Clark Kent . superman oh no. ( very honestly ) I really like it sometimes . ( smile ) and if it be not for he , I would not have meet you . lois but he be you . ( laugh ) now I be confuse . she rise , still hold he hand , smile down at he . lois tell you what , you just keep think about that while I . . . ( not really kid ) . . . slip into something more comfortable . dissolve to : 250 int . another area of the fortress - night begin tight on lois ' handbag as she open it . pull back gradually as she , like a magician draw scarve out of a hat , pull something long and beautifully filmy , which she have the foresight to bring along . pullback end in full shot as she hold this gorgeous peignoir up in front of she and smile to herself , she eye shine with anticipation . 251 int . memeory crystal bank area , fortress - night as a troubled superman sit on a platform near the Crystal Bank , look up at the image of lara that float in the fastness of the fortress . lara ( nodd slowly , feel for he ) kal - El , you father and I . . . we have try to anticipate you every question . ( dismay ) this be the one we hope you would not ask . 252 on lois -- emerging in she peignoir , radiantly ready for a night of love . she be startle to hear : superman ( o.s . ) but mother , I have to ask . because I have to have she . ( realize it as he say it : ) she 's all I want in life . on lois - thrill to hear this , but confuse and curious . track with her as she hurry towards the source of the voice , out onto a interior balcony . 253 wide , long shot : losi stand on the balcony at the rear of the great central chamber . she make no attempt to hide as she observe this amazing encounter between superman and the float image of lara . lara ( gentle , infinite reproach ) you no longer can serve humanity if you invest you time and emotion in one of they at the expense of the rest . ( tellingly , but in mild tone ) surely this be not how you repay they gratitude , kal - El . could you really abandon the weak and the needy merely to fulfill some selfish dream . superman ( stung ) selfish ! but they get a chance at happiness . can not I have that chance ? continued 253 continued quick c.u. lois - as stricken as superman . lara you have be give a higher form of happiness . the happiness you feel by serve other , by inspiring they to -- superman ( torture ) yes , but it 's not all I feel . lara ( reprovingly ) patience , kal - El . you begin to sound like a earthling . superman mother , you speak only of honor , of sacrifice , of responsibility -- lara because that be you heritage . that be the value we live by on krypton . new angle superman ( intensely ) but you have more than that , and I know it . you and my father -- you have each other . ( a last , quiet plea ) can I never have what you have ? lara be silent , deeply move . finally , slowly : lara ( half -convince ) and she -- the one you have choose -- she feel as much for you ? superman yes . continued 253 continued lara ( take a deep breath , make a painful decision ) then if this be what you wish -- to live you life with a mortal - then you can only live as a mortal . you must become . . . on of they . 254 the round section of a polarize glass , which have always seem like a integral part of the fortress now suddenly start to rise . now we see that it be , in fact , a circular chamber . lara this crystal chamber have harness the ray of the red sun of krypton . once expose to this ray , all you great power on Earth will disappear forever . the crystal chamber come to a stop and slowly open before he . superman stare at it in wonder . 225 quick c.u. lois - watch , paralyze . 256 wide two shot - kara and superman lara but consider . once it be do , there be no return . you will feel like a ordinary man . ( a mother 's anguish ) you can be hurt like a ordinary man . . . superman step slowly , deliberately towards the chamber . lara ( suddenly ) oh my son , be you sure ? closer on superman - as he look at lara , the tension show on he face . finally , simply : superman mother , I love she . his mind make up , he turn and stride into the chamber . 257 ext . MAIN STREET , east houston - day wide shot -- the three villain deploy at various place along the street , master of all they survey . all around they be the sign of havoc they have wreak : the body , the smolder house , the overturn truck , etc . 258 on a roof - a soldier hefting a bazooka run on the roof , ducking down to keep hide . he find a vantage point , then rise and take aim at non in the street below . 259 Pov : gun sight , bazooka - non right on the crosshair . 260 on the soldier - he fire . 261 on non - he reach up with one great hand and catch the bazooka shell bare -hande . the , amazingly , he simply crush it . it crumble into pebble - like fragment as he open he palm and let it drop , 262 angle up : a Army helicopter suddenly loom up over the horizon and swoops down on the street , fire three rocket on Zod , who do not flinch . 263 closer on it : as the pilot bring it down , a sharpshooter seat beside he train a automatic on Zod . 264 on zod and ursa ursa ( patronizingly ) look , they need a machine to fly . zod ( sarcastically ) brave young heroes . be nice to they , my dear . blow they a kiss . c.u. ursa - she lift she face up to the sky and pucker up for a obscenely exaggerated kiss . her lip part . effect : ( wide angle ) as she blow , ever so softly , the current of air streak up and hit the rotary blade with Super - breath . 265 they spin like a pinwheel . shake , the chopper go crazily out of control . as ursa continue to blow , the blade snap off . the helicopter crash to the ground , black smoke billow up into the sky . suddenly all be still . the last challenge have be meet and best . 266 favoring zod - who look around he in triumph . zod I win ! ( pause ; less triumphant ) I always win . ( almost disappointed ) there be no one on this planet who can even challenge I . he whirl toward the terrify tv crew , still shoot , and pull the camera toward he face . 267 Pov : distorted face of zod see through tv lense . zod ( savagely ) have I show you enough ?! or must the blood run in all you street . . . ! 268 int . molecular restructering chamber Inside the chamber , superman pass he hand across various crystal to activate the restructure mechanism . then , he wait , close he eye . 269 effect : violent light change begin , spectacular lazer - like ray bounce off the crystalline wall and play over superman like the red krypton sun . as the wall glow a deeper and deeper blood-re . CUT to : 270 int . fortress , outside molecular restructering chamber - night the memory Crystal Bank glow like the glass of the chamber , like fire , and suddenly explode . lara 's grieve image fade and disappear in the black smoke that billow up from the ruin . 271 on lois - terrify , she turn away and hide she face in she hand . 272 int . molecular restructering chamber - night as the light play wildly over superman , the fiery wall of the chamber begin to darken as if they be burnt out . a final burst of light , a final current of kryptonian energy seem to pass through superman 's body . he have always be invulnerable ; now this force make he shudder suddenly , terribly 273 effect : suddenly , before we eye , a image of the mortal Clark Kent appear . the two " selve " separate , the life force animate Clark who move away from the slab and toward the exit of the chamber . the superman figure be completely still . as Clark Kent become a brighter , more solid and substantial image , the superman " figure " grow pale and insubstantial , fade , lose definition , and become opaque . finally , it simply vanish . the lazer light have all go out and the chamber glass have turn a deadly green-black . there be absolute silence . 274 int . fortress , outside molecular restructering chamber - night Clark come slowly to a stunne lois Lane . he wear a white shirt , slack , but no glass or corny hairstyle . this be somehow a more mature and manly Clark now . lois you do it . you give it all up for I . I . . . I do not know what to say . clark say you love I . he put he arm around she as she stand pale and wide - eye in she lovely peignoir . she slip she arm around he and lay she head on he shoulder . hold camera stationary as , silently , see from behind , they disappear , hold each other close , into another , more romantic part of the fortress . 275 ext . MAIN STREET , east houston - day on a five - STAR general , stand tall , chin up , face reddene with surpress rage and humiliation . tight insert - Zod 's hand rip off the epaulet of five gold star . contemptuously , he hurl they into the dirt . zod ( scornfully ) and you be a General ? ( consider it , then : ) who be you superior ? continued 275 continued full shot - General Zod and the american General stand in front of a veritable tableau of death and disaster . general ( stiffly ) I only answer to the President . zod ( meaningfully ) then he will answer to I . or all of he city will end like this one . . . 276 int . fortress sleeping chamber - day tight on clark and lois - lay quietly in the classic afterglow position . she look blissfully content . he , in the cold light of morning be troubled . and then ( be a mere mortal ) he shiver . she snuggle closer . suddenly they eden be lose , she lay still in he arm . but now we see in she eye too the realization of how much he have sacrifice . 277 int . white house corridor - day helmeted marine in full combat gear help white house police and secret service agent secure the corridor lead to the oval Office . a explosive charge be attach to the door at the entrance to the corridor , the connect wire trail off to a plunger detonator behind a nest of sandbag with a machine - gun emplacement . the marine take they position , all eye on the door , as suddenly : zod , non and ursa burst down through the ceiling , shatter three glass dome which comprise part of it . the marine , police , and secret service open fire through the shower of fall glass , send a wither barrage ricochete around the room . zod watch triumphantly , the bullet bounce harmlessly off he as ursa and non go to work : ursa fling the advance marine through the air , send they crash into one another as non smashes the corridor pillar , then turn he attention to the machine - gun nest which blaze away at he . he demolish the emplacement , break the gun in two , roar . 278 int . oval office - day camera look from behind the president be desk chair in the oval Office at the close and bolt entrance door . half a dozen telephone ring with different buzzer and bell , but be not a answer . to one side , a dozen chief of staff , cabinet member , secret service agent , et al. stand wait as the last sound of gunfire die away in the corridor . there be a moment of silence , punctuate only by the sound of the unanswer phone . suddenly : the door to the oval Office collapse , kick to the floor in one piece . stand in the open doorway , the devastate corridor see behind they : zod , ursa and non . zod and ursa enter . non fill the doorway , stand guard . ursa now wear not only the NASA buckle , but the Texas Ranger badge as well . zod glance at the silent official with contempt , then turn he attention to the distinguished - look man sit behind the President 's desk . villain in white house sc. nos. 446-451 zod you be the one who be call President . . . man I be . zod I see you be practice in worshipp thing that fly . good. rise before Zod. now , kneel before Zod . you be not the President . no - one who lead so many could possibly kneel so quickly . president I be the man they be protect . I be the President . I will kneel before you if it will save life . zod it will . start with you own . ursa what a backward planet this must be . where the man wear the ribbon and the jewelry ... president what I do now I do for the sake of the people of this world . but there be one man here on earth who will never kneel to you . continued 278 continued zod who be this imbecile ? where be he ? president I wish I know . -- oh , god. zod Zod. ( thin smile ) Zod . 279 ext CANADA - road - night a rent car speed quickly down a northern canadian highway . 280 ext . diner - night clark pull the car off the highway into the parking area of a seedy - look diner with a neon hot dog flash on and off in front and the sign : don be big sled dog . several truck be park in the lot as well . int . diner - night clark and lois enter . a tv play noisily in b.g . . the counter be almost empty . clark ( to lois ) I be go to wash up . grab we a couple of seat there . clark exit . lois cross , sit on the end stool . she pick up a menu , study it , as a huge , burly trucker enter , spot she , intentionally sit next to she , cut lois off from the rest of the counter . lois I be sorry , that seat 's take . trucker it be now . . . ( to counterman ) coffee and a doughnut . ( to lois ) how would you like for I to buy you a little breakfast , honey ? continued 280 continued clark come up from behind , have hear . clark ( to trucker ) Excuse I . that 's my seat . the trucker look over at the Men 's room , then back at clark . trucker you have just be sittin ' on you seat , four-eye . clark ( pause - tense ) I think maybe somebody ought to teach you some manners . trucker yeah ? well you let I know when he come in . lois Clark . . . it do not matter . . . we can move . . . clark ( determine - to trucker ) do you . . . ah . . . want to step outside ? the trucker rise . he 's big . he pause a moment . trucker I do not mind . . . the trucker uncoil a tremendous right hand . ext . diner - day clark go fly through a plate glass door , shatter it , land in a heap on the ground . the trucker be already on he . clark try to get up , be immediately knock down again . lois rush through the doorway to help , but be unceremoniously flung off to the side . feeling new rage , clark rise , rush the trucker , actually get in a punch or two , but be cut to piece by a series of expert combination . clark fall to the ground , exhaust , he face crack and bleed , feebly try to get up once more . continued 280 continued trucker you do not know when to lie down , do you , buddy ? the trucker kick clark in the rib - he collapse . with a sneer at lois , the trucker head off for he rig . lois rise , she eye fill with tear , try to help clark up . lois oh , Clark . . . Clark . . . look at you . . . clark try to smile feebly through the blood , deeply embarrassed , bitter . a trickle of blood run over he mouth . he wipe it away with a finger , inadvertently taste it , stare at the stain on he hand . clark ( stunne ) blood . . . my . . . blood . . . lois let 's get you inside . . . . she help he to he foot . he stand unsteadily , look at she , ashamed . clark ( bitter ) maybe we ought to hire a bodyguard from now on . lois ( deeply feel ) I do not want a bodyguard . I want the man I fall in love with . clark I know that , lois . and I wish he be here . . . clark turn , stagger in the direction of the diner . lois put she arm around he , help he inside . int . diner - night continued 280 continued lois help clark back to the counter , start to clean he face , dip paper napkin in a water glass . lois Boy , what a mess . . . suddenly - the loud television cut off : after momentary static , a somber voice be hear . tv voice lady and gentleman - the President of the United States . clark , lois and the counterman turn , listen . angle on tv screen the worried president sit behind he desk , read from a prepare statement , the paper tremble in he hand . president this be the President . on behalf of my country , and in the name of the other leader of the world with whom I have today consult , I hereby abdicate all authority and control over this planet . . . to General Zod . angle on clark and lois clark and lois sit watch , freeze in disbelief . back to tv screen president's voice only through strict compliance with he direction will the life of innocent million be . . . ( sudden desperation ) superman , if you can hear I . . . superman , where . . . there be a " squawk " as the mike be take from he . zod come on screen , sneer at the president . continued 280 continued zod who be this . . . superman ? president you will find out , General ! and when you do . . . zod ( raging into camera ) come to I , superman ! if you dare ! I defy you ! come ! come , and kneel before Zod ! back to clark and lois the tv go dead . clark be stunne . clark General Zod . . . here . . . ( to counterman ) but when . . .. counterman when ? where the hell have you be , Mac ? ( no reply ) how about that superman , huh ? he 's great at stuff like put out fire but when the real trouble come , he split . ( walk away ) I always think he be a phony anyway ... clark look at lois desperately . clark I have to go back . . .to the fortress . . . lois but what can you do ? there 's no way now . . . clark I have to try , dammit ! something , anything . . . continued 280 continued clark shut he eye , deeply troubled . lois look up at he tenderly , cup he bruise cheek with she hand . lois do not . . . it 's not you fault . . . you do not know . . . clark ( look up ) he know . I hear he . I just do not listen . 281 ext . northern highway - day the branch be bare , the sky cold and bleak . Clark , he face still bruise and cut , have obviously be stand at the side of the road for a long time . closer -- as he shiver in he light clothing : SOUND : a truck , not far off . desperately hopeful , Clark straighten up and put he thumb out . with a great roar , the truck speed across frame and disappear , leave Clark stand there , look after it in the gray silence . 282 ext . arctic field - twilight there be no road this far north . Clark doggedly , numbly , trek across the freeze landscape . closer -- he almost stumble and then , as he catch he breath stop . he bend , scoops up a handful of snow and apply it gently to he bruise cheek . he stare off into the endless distance he still have to go . 283 int . fortress of solitude - night the fortress that once glitter magically now appear cold and desolate . the ruin of the memory Crystal Bank still smoulder in f.g . as the deathly silence be break by a slight noise , camera pan and Clark come into frame . somehow , at last , he be here . but he be exhaust and , as he look all around he , without any real hope . he stand upright . continued 283 continued clark ( softly ) I have fail . ( ashamed and defeat ) I think only of myself and I . . ... I even fail myself . ( anguish , barely able to say it ) I fail everyone . . .. he step to the memory Crystal Bank , pick up a couple of the now-useless crystal in he hand and look at they as if they be only archeological relic . finally he let they fall , the fragment tingling in the vast , cavernous stillness as the drop and shatter into even smaller piece Clark stand motionless through another beat of absolute silence . then , suddenly , he raise he head . clark ( a cry of profound , total despair ) Father !! mother !! can not you help I ? can not anybody help I ?? as he cry echoe and fade , there be only stillness . accept he fate , feel abandon , he bow he head . then . . . . . . sound : a faint pulsing sound , grow louder the longer it continuous . on clark - by degree , he become aware of it . he look up . suddenly , on he face , a green light begin to beam its reflection . his eye widen , as he begin to feel the pull of a long forget power . wide angle -- he walk toward the source of the pulsate green light , almost as if in a trance . he be be pull toward it as if by invisible force . 284 on the crystal slab where lois earlier let fall the Green Crystal : from behind it , the power of the Crystal make itself know . it glow and shine with a intensity seemingly far beyond its size , compelling Clark to come closer . the effect be exactly like that moment in superman , part I ( release script , reel four - page 6 ) when young Clark discover it in the Kansas barn . there be a awesome , even religious , feel to all of this . he sink on he knee beside and tentatively , very tentatively reach for the Green Crystal . he hold onto it now as if it be a lifeline , raise it before he eye and stare into it . the Crystal begin to glow and pulsate with a even great intensity , transmit its unearthly energy and power to Clark . its radiance be reflect upon he face . he tremble as the kryptonian force pass through he . 285 int . white house oval office - day c. U. zod -- look deathly bored . c.u. ursa - ditto . ursa you be master of all you survey . c.u. zod zod ( unimpress ) and so I be yesterday . and the day before . 286 int . oval office - Old sc . no 's. 462-3 villain visited by luthor lex hello there . lex luthor , lex luthor . possibly you have hear the name . the great criminal mind on earth . ursa I tell you this be a puny planet . continued 286 continued lex wait , wait , wait just a moment . wait till you have get to know better will you please . wait , -- look , I can give you anything you want . I can give you the brass ring , the - er -- unlimited freedom to maim , cure , destroy , chew - plus lex luthor 's savvy . lex luthor 's career guidance ... lex luthor 's School of ... zod we have all of this without you . you can not bargain with what you do not have . lex oh magnificent one . what I be bargain with be what you do not have -- the son of jor - El . ( zod ) ( the son . . . of jor - El ? ) ( ) ( lex ) ( I say that , do not I ? ) delete in cutting zod jor - El , we jailer ? lex no , jor - El , the baseball player that come from porto Rico . yes jor - El you jailer . zod the son of jor - El on this Planet ? ( lex ) ( yes , Daily . Daily Planet ) delete in cutting er - possibly you know he better by he nom de voyage or he - name he travel under , superman . zod so this . . . be superman . how do you know of jor - El ? continued 286 continued lex oh my fullness , as I explain to you before , I be about the best there be . second best there be . zod revenge ! we will kill the son of we jailer ! ursa revenge ! lex now we be cooking , huh ! zod he fly as well , then . . . lex constantly . zod he have power as we do . . . lex certainly . but - er. oh magnificent one , he 's just one , but you be three , or four even , if you count he twice . zod we will bring he to he knee ! ( ursa ) ( pray . . . ) ( ) ( zod ) ( yes . to I ! ) delete in cutting lex wait ! - first you must find he . and lex baby be the only one who know where he be . check ? zod what . . . do you want . continued 286 continued lex oh , General , the world be a big place . thank goodness , my need be small ... as it turn out , I have this affinity for beachfront property . . . zod what do you want ? lex Australia . 287 int . perry white's office , DAILY planet - night ( note : all angel be face street window , so as to avoid rebuild City room office behind glass partition . ) a agitate perry White pace back and forth , watch Jimmy Olsen and lois - the latter even more fearful than she let on . perry I can not understand it ! where be he ? I mean , he show up every time a cat get stick in a tree , and now he decide to pull a disappear act ? jimmy maybe we just don ' t know he game plan . perry game plan ! it 's fourth down and long yardage , the two -minute warning sound and the ball 's deep in we territory ! how brilliant do you have to be ?! jimmy ( the hero worshipper ) superman 's get something up he sleeve , that 's for sure . we just have not figure it out . be not that right , miss Lane ? on lois - she eye betray that spunky assurance she try to portray , for she last look at superman be a beat , bloody Clark Kent . furthermore , she have no knowledge of what have happen to he since he leave she to return to the fortress and no real expectation that he will ever return in he superman role . continued 287 continued lois I . . . I be sure he will get here . . . if he possibly can . ( pause ) if there 's any way at all . . . jimmy see ? and she know he better than anybody . c.u. lois -- a small ironic smile touch with sadness . lois yes ... better than anybody . ( at this point the villain enter the office ) 288 angle through perry' inside window the wall of the city room collapse in the center as the villain break straight through it . the terrify reporter scatter , rush through the exit door in panic as zod , ursa , and non head for perry be office . angle on door non be the first through , knock down the door . perry hurl a huge electric typewriter at he , which bounce harmlessly off he head . non slam he back against the wall . perry crumple in a heap . jimmy flash a picture as lois pick up a sharp letter opener , swing it viciously into ursa be stomach . it fold up like tissue paper . ursa send lois fly backward into perry' roll desk chair . jimmy flash another picture - zod ( from doorway ) enough ! zod stand in the doorway , look questioningly at the group . he glance back at the hole in the City room wall as camera pan : luthor step through the hole delicately , flick the occasional debris off he shoulder . luthor ( crossing ) what a mess , what a mess ... all of that accumulate knowledge and they still never hear of a doorknob ... continued 288 continued lex I er - you should see the White House , they will be clean it for month . lois lex luthor . . . ( jimmy ) ( would not you know . . . ) ( ) ( zod ) ( this - be the son of jor - El ? ) ( ) ( jimmy ) ( no . . . but I will bet you be the son of ) ( a ... ) ( ) ( lois ) ( Jimmy ! ) delete in cutting zod you promise I the son of jor -el ! luthor you be right , you eminence , you Grace , oh fullest one ... but er -- what I have give you be the next best thing . you just hold on to that little lady and , er he will be along . you see they have this relationship and she do all he Public Relations and he give she every exclusive . they be the best of friend . ( laugh ) you know what I mean . ursa what a undemand male this superman must be . lois huh you could use a tuck here and there yourself , sister . continued 288 continued zod wait ! lois oh gee !. I be sorry , gosh . be you alright Chief ? zod she life - for now . kill the rest . start with he . luthor wait - hey wait . hey , but remember the White House , the oval room - we have a few laugh , right . he remember , yeah . it 's Australia , Australia , -- it 's too much , right ? okay , forget it . I can turn over a new leaf a tree , a whole forest -- 289 ext STREET corner , metropolis - night close on a stack of Daily Planet . newspaper , pile in front of a street - corner newsstand . a headline in enormous banner type read : white house surrender . suddenly , the top paper in the stack begin to flutter , as if from a sudden breeze . then the page beneath begin to ripple and flap , as the gust of wind grow stronger now , as the sound of a great rush of wind hear , the entire stack of newspaper begin to fly in the wind . the newsdealer run out to grab he papers . newsdealer what the hell ---- ! he look up . 290 we see a blue flash zoom through the night sky . music : the theme confirm we suspicion . 291 it 's superman fly again . he dive for the Daily Planet building and land on a flagpole that extend horizontally just outside perry White 's office . 292 int . perry white's office - night ( note : at this point , we go to shot no. 470 as write and previously shot , in which superman challenge the three villain to a fight . they fly out the window in pursuit of he . suddenly : a clear , stentorian voice be hear , o.s . superman' voice have not you ever hear of freedom of the Press , General ? camera whip pan - superman stand on the tip of flagpole right outside perry be window . he stare in , arm fold , the american flag billow underneath . back to scene the villain be thunderstruck , roote to the spot . lois rise unbelievingly . lois superman . . . luthor thank God . . . ( to villain ) I mean . . . get he ! superman disappear , fly up and out of frame . zod ( insane ) come to I , Son of jor - El ! kneel before Zod ! 293 the villain move as one , smash through both the wall and window after he , completely demolosh the street side of the room . 294 on superman -- he stand on a high ledge of building , wait for they . 295 wide angle -- as non and ursa hover in the sky like evil angel . 296 Zod land on a expose steel girder of a partially construct skyscraper across the street . hanging a few foot above he , from a crane , be a massive concrete block , tie to a thick steel chain which hang from a iron hook . Zod be about thirty foot higher than superman . he strike a appropriately authoritarian pose and point down at he . zod ( stentorian tone ) Son of jor - El ! kneel before Zod ! at the sound of the hate name , non roar . zod when you do not come , we take you for a coward ! 297 mo c.u. superman - look up at he . superman I be no coward , General Zod . 298 on zod zod perhaps not . perhaps you be only .. fool. ( with a malicious smile ) like you father . 299 c. U. superman - he jaw tighten . the insult to he father have its effect . zod kneel , Son of jor - El ! bow to I and atone for the sin of you father ! superman ( look up at he ) I can not bow to someone so far beneath I . 300 on zod -- make furious by the insult . his eye glow fiercely , he look up at the concrete beam dangle a few foot above he . 301 effect : he beam a ray of heat - vision at the metal chain . it burn through swiftly and the block drop in Zod 's wait hand . he catch it easily , as if it be light as a feather . zod then die as you deserve to ! h raise the block high and fling it down at superman . 302 new angle - effect : superman aim lazer-vision at on-come concrete slab , and it pulverize in mid-air , turn to harmless powder . 303 follow the powdery STUFF as it drop to the street . 304 on the STREET -- a crowd be beginning to form , look up . as the dust fall , a yellow cab come around the corner and receive most of the harmless debris on its windshield . the cab brake to a screeching halt . the cabbie look up with the expectant grin of a fight fan at a championship match . cabbie man , this be gonna be good ! he switch on he on off - duty sign for the duration . 305 on ursa - upset by the humiliation on she leader . she hiss angrily at superman . ursa how dare you defy the General ? superman it 's easy . 306 favoring zod -- reacting to the arrogance , he snap he finger at the faithful non . zod take he . he be yours . 307 let off he leash , so to speak , non leap into action and fly toward superman . 308 wide angle -- superman leave he perch as well . the two begin to circle each other warily in the air , like two fighter plane get into position for a dog-fight , or two knife fighter jockey for the first advantage . 309 on zod - grow impatient with the delay . zod kill he ! kill he ! 310 thee command triggers non into action . he zoom forward and punch superman with all he murderous might . 311 the blow send superman reeling backward at great speed . 312 c.u. as he come to rest on a ledge of a building . he be rather shake , and rather surprised to be . superman ( wonderingly as he get himself together ) this be go to be harder than I think . . . 313 on the window of perry white's office -- where the employee , especially lois , be watch anxiously . jimmy man ! that big guy be just as strong as superman ! lois look worriedly at Jimmy . perry lean out the window , call like a coach from the sideline : perry come on , superman - straighten up and fly right ! 314 wide angle -- superman come charge through the air directly at non . he whip he foot up like a champion karate fighter and deal non a powerful kick in the jaw . as non , with a grunt , go tumble out of frame : 315 on the STREET below -- the crowd cheer they hero . a guy in crowd Way to go superman ! 316 on superman - look in the direction of non 's flight off . 317 suddenly , ursa fly up behind he , twist he hair in she hand and pull it , viciously , with all she might . superman ( in much pain , do not see who it be behind he pull he hair ) why do not you fight like a man ? ursa why ever should I ? he break free of she , whirl around , fist cocked for a killer punch . but then he hesitates . continued 317 continued ursa ( mockingly ) superman ! you ?? hit a woman ?? she 's get he number , that nice kid raise by Jonathan and martha Kent . as he refrain from belting she for one all - important second . 318 non swoops back into frame behind superman and grab he around the waist in a bear hug . new angle -- as non squeeze tighter and tighter while a greatly pain superman struggle to free himself . 319 ursa fly to the side of the nearest building and snap off a flagpole that protrude horizontally from the third floor ledge . it 's one of that flagpole with a golf ball on the end of it . 320 she fly toward they and raise the flagpole , about to swing it like a baseball bat . 321 zod ( call from he position of relative safety ) smash he ! smash he head open ! 322 ursa wind up and start to swing . as she do , superman manage to extricate himself from non 's grip , squeezing out and slip away . too late to check she swing , though 323 the golden bowl connect with the thick chest of non with a tremendous crack . 324 on the ground the cabbie ( ecstatic ) Home run ! 325 on the battler -- the terrific impact of ursa 's blow send non reeling backward at a incredible speed . tumble end over end , he smashes into the top section of the Empire State Building in b.g . 326 as he hit the television antenna it break off . shower of electrical spark go spiraling into the air as the antenna break off and fall toward the street . sound : off screen , out of frame , the scream of the people below . then the siren of approach ambulance and police car . 327 on the STREET -- we see a ambulance racing toward the area . 328 on superman -- suddenly horrify as he sees the antenna fall . 329 on the STREET - where a woman push a baby carriage look up , freeze to the spot , paralyze with terror . 330 on superman -- as he catch the antenna just in time . as the woman with the carriage run to safety , he fly up again , hold the cage- like object . 331 on zod and ursa -- watch this from they vantage point on a building roof across the street . zod this " super " man be nothing of the kind . I have discover he weakness . ursa yes ? zod ( bemuse ) he ... ( search for the bon mot ) care . he actually care about this . . . . . . this people . this earth people . ursa sentimental idiot . 332 on top of empire state build -- the still groggy non lie on the break summit . superman fly up still hold the cage - like antenna and put it over he , pen he in . 333 on zod and ursa - stand before a large billboard . ursa ( distraught ) he 's capture non ! zod do not worry . I will draw he fire . ( small smile ) with a few of my own . 334 angle down -- effect : Zod , use he beam of heat -vision , aim one ray after another at the gas tank of the line of park car on the street below . 335 from this angle , we can see down the empire state build as the ray strike the tank they glow red hot and then explode in a pillar of flame . one , two , three , automobile go up like this , and now we see that at the end of the street be a big exxon tanker truck . inevitably Zod will set fire to this one and the conflagration would be devastating ( not to mention the effect on the energy crisis ) . 336 on super.man -- on top of the Empire State Building , he look down and sees what Zod be up to . superman no ! 337 long shot -- he zoom down to the street at super-speed . 338 just as Zod have finish set fire to the last car on the block and be about to move on to the tanker truck . 339 closer -- acting quickly , superman rip off the large mirror position outside the cab on the driver 's side ( the rear-view mirror , in other word ) and twist it around so that it reflect the beam of heat -vision . 340 angle to see that as the beam hit the mirror instead of the tank , it be reflect back at Zod with a rush of flame . 341 effect : on zod -- stand before a advertising billboard . the whoosh of rush flame completely obliterate both the General and the billboard from our sight . but a moment . later we see that the sign have burnt up except for a silhouette of Zod , for where he stand , he fireproof self , protect that portion of the billboard from the fire . 342 new angle -- as superman turn towards the truck , non have revive and launch a new attack . he fly down at he enemy at full speed . 343 they connect with a sicken crunch . the two titan crash right through the pavement . 344 as they disappear into the crater they have create , the earth tremble with the force of it Street lamp shake , park car rumble . suddenly the glass display window of a clothing store vibrate and then collapse with a great smash of glass . the dress mannequin in the display window pitch forward like dead body . the people rush forward in a mob to peer down into the hole , to watch the fight . 345 but , behind they , the great form of non come shoot out of the street ( from a new hole ) , on the receive end of a thunderous superman punch . 346 new angle -- the street crack in place , debris drop all around . a few manhole cover in f.g. fly up a few foot , loosen from they mooring , and drop to the gutter . 347 follow non -- in he unstoppable trajectory he crash through a great glass office building on the fourteenth floor . a moment later he come fly out the other side on the thirteenth floor as huge hunk of plate glass rain down into the street . 348 hysterical , panicked office worker on the sidewalk . office worker ( slightly hurt , very frighten ) help ! help we superman ! 349 on the STREET -- superman come fly up out of the hole beneath the street on he way to help they . 350 on ursa -- nearby , she pick up a manhole cover , hold it like a frisbee . ursa what 's you hurry , superman ? do not you want to play with I ? and with that she fling the manhole cover at he in he flight . it whizze through the air with a shrill whistling sound . great shot , ursa . the manhole cover catch superman right in the stomach with a audible thump . it not only stop he flight , it knock he down the street , seemingly unconscious . 351 c. U. lois -- watch from the window , she put a hand to she mouth , afraid he 's really finish . 352 c. U. zod -- a great smile of victory . 353 new angle -- Zod the leap from he perch and drop beside the still form of superman . stride over to he , he put one foot on the fall hero 's chest pose of the great White Hunter with he kill . zod now , Son of jor - El , admit defeat . beg forgiveness and swear allegiance to Zod . but it be not that simple , General . superman ( suddenly ) that will be the day . and with that , the suddenly " revive " superman grab Zod by the hand and foot and fling he up into the air , out of frame . 354 angle on coca - cola sign -- Zod be drive back into a enormous illuminate coca-cola sign . hundred of light bulb pop like soda bubbles . rainbow of spark fall to the street below . 355 on the STREET -- among the fearful crowd , spot some who be excited , have almost a good time . a STREET gang in satin club jacket , for example , be get off on the spectacle , while other people run in fear . 356 int . perry white ' S office - DAILY planet - night as previously shot as scene 485 . perry , jimmy and lois stand near the edge of the floor , which use to connect to the miss wall , peer out into the night sky try to get a glimpse of what 's go on . Fire and police siren wail loudly below . from the distance we can hear the sound of " thump " and " whacks " echoing ominously across the city , signify that the super - fight be still continue . luthor lie back calmly , propped up against the wall . he check he watch , mumble . luthor ( to himself ) who would have think this thing would go the distance . . . 357 ext . STREET - night ursa , smart from the reversal to she leader , gesture to non. ursa come ! do as I do ! a passenger bus have come down the street only to be stick in place by all the chaos and destruction go on . ursa grab the back bumper of the bus , begin to lift . ursa take the front ! non lift the front bumper . together they hold the bus full of people aloft . 358 int . CITY bus - night Inside the bus , terrify passengers call for help . many of they rush to the window and begin to climb out . 359 ext . STREET - night full shot , camera positioned behind ursa so that we see the entire bus aloft , with ursa and non beneqath , and hapless passengers who tried to climb out now dangling from the window , afraid to jump . 360 c.u. ursa -- look at this people hang on the side . they plea have no effect on she . 361 on superman -- from above , horrify as he see what they be about to do . superman no ! do not do it ! the people ! 362 on ursa , new angle -- with a few breath of Super - breath she blow the dangle passenger off the bus . 363 they drop to the street , hurt or unconscious 364 favoring superman -- as he fly down to stop anymore of this . behind he be a wall of brick -- the side of a building . 365 l.s. zod zoom down canyon and shout : zod ( from above , commanding ; ) yes ! throw it ! 366 ursa and non hurl the bus forward , directly at superman . 367 new angl.e -- the bus fly right at he and hit he squarely . although he try to absorb as much of the impact as possible , the force of this enormous object push he back against the wall , momentarily pin there . 368 Inside the bus , the remain passenger cry for help . 369 as superman struggle to get himself free and help the people -- 370 whip pan to the three villain as they group at the end of the street . 371 long shot , angle to see entire street , with villain in f. g. zod ( manic , wild ) bow and proclaim Zod you master ! 372 Pov down , seeing superman -- as he frees himself . superman that 's a lot of hot air . 373 zod hot air ! I will show you hot air ! the three villain together blow a tremendous gust of Super - breath down the street . 374 effect -- it 's a hurricane force wind . wreak incredible damage . before the mighty , relentless gale nothing can hold . Cars , truck , people be blow down the street , smash , tumble . a amazing spectacle . 375 superman fly in the face of the gale force - try to reach the people . superman ( pleadingly ) stop it ! . please , stop it ! 376 on the villain -- they continue to blow the hurricane wind . 377 on superman -- as he stop to right a car , only to have it blow past he again . superman enough ! it 's enough ! 378 on the villain -- pay he no mind , they continue . 379 on superman -- stare up at they as he stand immovable in the path of the great wind . all around he be devastation . a terrible struggle be go on inside he . 380 on people -- gather in doorway , try to protect themselves from the wind , they watch fearfully . 381 on superman -- suddenly he fly up , as if to confront the villain . but then , halfway there , he suddenly turn and zoom off through the building and into the night . he be go . 382 zod ( triumphant ) so , he be a coward after all ! the three stop the Super -breath . 383 on the steer -- the people pick themselves up , struggle to they foot . they look up at the sky with expression of disbelief and disillusionment . the cabbie ( angry ) he chicken out ! that phony ! a woman superman ! do not leave we ! the awful laughter of Zod and ursa ring out in the air . 384 on two black kide , 8 and 9 , with " street smart " beyond they year , look at the sky , they cynicism confirm . first black kid ( scornfully ) huh. superman do not even do nothin' . second black kid ( call up to the sky ) jive turkey ! the sound of the villainous laughter continue . 385 int . perry white's office - night perry , lois , and jimmy step back quickly as the villain land in the office . luthor , still propped up against the wall , look over expectantly . zod we victory be complete ! the son of jor - El have fle . jimmy ( stunne ) fled ?. . . perry I do not believe it . continued 385 continued luthor ( disappointed ) you say it . Three - to- one should get you both ear and the tail . zod ( angry ) he run in fear from we . . . lois ( defiant ) he will be back . as long as he 's alive he will try again . zod the next time - we will kill he ! non roar . luthor rise , dust himself off , turn to zod . luthor next time , next time . . . ( shake he head ) what be I go to do with you people ? I hold up my end . I deliver the Blue Boy - and what do I hear from my triple threat ? " bow , yield , kneel " - that kind of stuff close out of town . zod stare hard at luthor , icy , but curious . zod why do you say this to I when you know I will kill you for it ? luthor ( chuckle ) kill I ? lex luthor ? extinguish the great criminal flame of we age ? eradicate the only man on earth . . . ursa kill he ! continued 385 continued luthor ( quickly ) . . . with superman 's address ? luthor grin , in control now . zod examine he carefully . zod there be something more you want . the greed be write on you face . luthor ( pause ) perhaps a small . . . incentive , you ultimate . a tiny bauble to help I jog my memory . . . zod what more ? luthor ( quick smile ) Cuba . 386 zod ( to ursa and non almost gleeful now ) come ! the three of we will crush the son of we jailer . new angle ursa , as she advance on lois . ursa why not increase he handicap ? since he care so much for this earth creature , let we take he favorite . 387 ext . sky - night long shot -- the villain soar through the dark , star-filled sky . ursa carry luthor . lois , ride non. luthor ( mutter ) no drink . no movie . this be the last time I take a charter flight . zod where be he home , lex luthor ? which way ? luthor ( point ) North . keep go North ! close on zod -- fly high ; he can hardly wait . 388 int . fortress of solitude , molecular restructuring chamber - night wide shot -- Inside the fortress . superman see inside the molecular restructure chamber . inside the chamber - superman pass he hand very deliberately across various crystal in a specific sequence , much as he do once before in this set . this be see briefly , leave we not time to guess what he might be do . 389 int . fortress of solitude - night as they fly in the wide , multi-tier interior : zod ( to ursa ) put down lex luthor ! luthor ( do he hear right ? ) put down lex luthor ? 390 ursa follow order . she drop luthor unceremoniously on a remote ledge . luthor ( indignantly ) hey ! hey , who day 's have to know to get a ringside seat here ? 391 another angle - as they land , still hold lois . they look about they for the owner of the house . lois ( call out ) superman , this be not my idea ! Zod take in the dcor sneeringly . zod morbid . a sentimental replica of a planet long since vanish . 392 pan up , sharp angle : superman suddenly appear above they , stand on the high balcony , look down commandingly . superman I expect better manners from my guest . quick c.u. lois -- much relieved to see he . favoring the villain -- zod ( as he see superman ; savagely ) accept you destiny , kal - El . even as you father once condemn we , so now do we condemn he misbegotten brat . superman ( deliberately goad they ) as we say on Earth , Zod -- " all talk and no action . " non , make furious by the taunt , leap from he place and spring at superman . 393 effect : quickly , in a dazzle display , superman put he hand to he chest . magically , the " S shield " emblazon there become a literal object in he hand while its " original " remain on the costume . it shimmer and shine with a energy force that clearly connote immense power . superman fling it like a discus . 394 the effect on non as the " S shield " hit he and wrap around he . 395 on zod -- he look worried . he be beginning to realize that superman , on he home turf , have power and device at he command beyond they comprehension . ursa ( sense he fear ) General --- ? zod ( quickly reassert he authority ) we must combine we strength . as non reappear from one side , the three stand at point of a invisible triangle , face superman . zod we be three . he be one . luthor ( o.s. ) great odd ! what 's the point spread ? zod ( fiercely ) the combine power of three will destroy you ! ( give the command ) now ! effect : from they three point , the three villain beam red-hot . ray of heat -vision at superman . 397 but , incredibly , as the three ray strike they common target , superman reach out and physically grab the apex of the combine beam in he fist . it have the effect of short they out in a spectacular way . bolt of kryptonian energy zap and crackle into the air from superman 's fist , negate the force , cause the startle villain to reel back from the negative electrical charge . 398 c.u. superman - still on guard , attune to they every move . 399 on the villain -- Zod do not give up that easily . zod ( smart ) one way or another you will bow to I ! 400 c.u. superman - his eye dart quickly around the vast . interior . 401 Pov : the three villain have suddenly disappear ; a little magic of they own . zod ( o.s. ) now it be you who be confound . 402 c.u. superman -- hi5 eye dilate indicate X - Ray vision at work . 403 Pov : effect - his X - Ray vision reveal ursa , non and Zod behind opaque crystal block . suddenly they disappear . there be three flash of light , denote super-speed . now they appear again , but behind different place . 404 c.u. superman -- he blink , confuse . 405 effect : again they shift position with lighten speed . the effect be to totally disorient superman , as if he be in a Hall of mirror . zod ( mock he ) now you see we , now you do not . ursa 's evil laughter ring out . luthor ( o.s. ) ( call out from he corner ) the old shell game , super-sucker ! 406 c.u. superman -- a look of intense concentration . 407 wide angle ( effect : ) suddenly , one after another three image of superman be project from the " original -- " real " superman . as they spread out and face the villain in the different area of the fortress , it be impossible to tell which of this four be the real superman . luthor ( o.s. ) hey , what happen to the Marquis of queensbury rule ? 408 on non -- disorient at first , he dumbly turn on the " superman " close to he . with a ferocious howl , he dive at it . . . . and sail right on through it . come out the other side ; the expression on he face be priceless as he crash head - on into a crystal wall . he slump against it bruise and bewilder ( and bewitch ) . now this particular superman image smile , fade and vanish . 409 on ursa and superman image 2 : she take a fly leap at she " superman , " she boot up , aim for a super - kick at he groin . but she end up on the ground in a furious heap , as the " superman " image break as if a shattered crystal and piece fall to the ground . 410 new angle -- a third superman take a step and speak : superman 3 ( call to Zod , taunting ) how do you like this odd , General ? or be they too odd for you ? as he speak lois naturally assume that this must be the " real " superman and run to he for protection . 411 on zod -- certain now that the fourth remain superman be a phony , the final fake , he step over to it , lift he hand to flick it away . 412 on lois with her superman lois oh , superman , I be --- as she speak she throw she arm around he -- ( effect ) only to find that they pass right through he seemingly solid body . she react with dumbfounded surprise . 4l3 on zod -- a split second later as Zod give the brush - off to the fourth superman he discover that this " illusion " be reality . superman one more mistake like that and you will be bust to corporal , Zod . and with that he seize he in a powerful grip . as Zod struggle to get free -- 414 ursa and non swoop towards lois and grab she -- each get a arm . now they begin to pull like two people have a tug-of - war . ursa release the General or we tear she apart . 415 c.u. superman -- what to do ? 416 on lois -- suffer but brave . lois no , superman ! do not ! non and ursa pull harder . as lois cry out in pain --- 417 superman reluctantly release Zod . as Zod step away , dusting off he uniform . zod ( contemptuously ) do you really believe we would give up we advantage ? ursa ( laugh ) " super-sucker . " for once , lex luthor be right . luthor ( offended ) hey , let 's be fair . actually , there have be two or three time -- zod ( triumphant . ) now I shall have the Son of jor - El as my slave ! forever . if not , the million of earthling you protect will pay for you defiance . ( he snap he finger towards lois ) beginning with this one . lois do not do it , superman ! not for I -- ursa and non tighten they hold and pull she still harder . pain stop she from speak . 419 on superman -- thoroughly defeat . superman stop ! let she go ! ( pause to Zod ) all right , Zod. you win . it 's over . 420 Zod smile , full of himself , look around the fortress at the memory Bank , crystal row , bench , etc . zod ( to non ) I sense the presence of jor - El here . destroy all this . . . . ( at luthor ) and we have no more need of this one . kill he . ( at this point , go to footage already shot from script of 26th september 1977 , page 441 , shot number 504 , beginning with luthor ' S first speech on that page , beginning : 421 luthor me? General , it 's I , lex luthor ! remember ? who get you through the tough time ? you fill you inside straight ? you come to I with nothing - except the world . I give you superman ! zod turn he back on he , walk away . non begin to smash the crystal row with enthusiastic relish . closer on luthor and superman luthor edge in closer to superman , desperate , sweat . luthor you think you know people , right ? promise be make , gift exchange . . . what do it all mean anymore ? not like the old day when it be just you and I . and I have get to hand it to you , superman . you always tell the truth . a fellow know where he stand with you . you want to destroy I , pure and simple -- and I respected you for it . non raise superman be bench high over he head in b.g. , smashes it to the floor . zod turn , look at chamber , examine it cautiously from the outside . superman look at luthor carefully . superman ( low voice ) perhaps there be some good in you after all , lex luthor . luthor I ? I be load with good ! I mean I have never even use it . superman I will have to take the chance . try to get they all into that molecule chamber . it take away they power , reduce they to human being . now if you could . . . continued 421 continued luthor look over . zod be about to enter the chamber . luthor wait ! do not go in ! it 's a trap ! superman luthor , you poisonous snake . . . zod turn , look over , concerned . luthor it 's a molecule chamber , you Grace ! it turn people like you into . . . ( feel funny say this ) people like I . zod look up at the chamber , realize the mistake he almost make . he turn . zod you have do well , lex luthor . we will award you this Cuba place . ( to ursa and non ) seize he ! ursa and non spring at superman , grab he , one on each leg and arm . superman kick and struggle vainly . superman no! please ! do not ! . . . lois rush to try and help , be catch by a grin zod , unceremoniously flung backward to the floor . superman be hurl into the chamber . luthor rush to the side , press a control . the door irise shut . superman lie on the floor , helpless . zod lex luthor ! ruler of Australia and the Cuba place ! activate the machine ! luthor grin , push the start mechanism . wide angle the chamber be activate . the light in the fortress begin to change - but this time they happen in the entire interior of the fortress , and not in the chamber . 422 angle on superman in chamber superman writhes in agony on the chamber floor as the outside light play on the surface of the chamber . 423 angle on villain , luthor and lois the villain and luthor watch with glee as the light dance . lois hide she face in anguish . 424 back to superman the de-molecular process end . the door to the chamber irise open again . slowly , painfully , superman get to he foot , he face crestfallen , he shoulder stoop , resign to he defeat . 425 wider angle lois look at he in horror . zod smile cruelly , step forward , salivate in triumph . zod and now - finally - kneel ! superman step out of the chamber , shut he eye , the final humiliation sink in . the hushed silence be deafen . he have no choice . he kneel . zod extend he hand in contempt . zod take my hand and swear eternal loyalty to Zod . superman lift he hand in disgrace . extreme close on hand superman take zod be hand , then slowly start to squeeze it . the sound of bone crack be hear . back to scene zod be eye bulge with pain . superman suddenly pull back and jerk zod up and over he shoulder . continued 425 continued angle on zod zod be hurl helplessly through the air the entire length of the fortress , crash against the far wall , drop to the floor . back to scene luthor horrify , suddenly realize what 's happen . luthor he switch it ! he do it to they ! the light be on we here ! he be the only one safe in there ! 426 non rush at superman with a roar , be toss into the wall in a heap like a rag doll . lois turn to ursa , the new information sink in . lois you be a real pain in the neck , you know that ? 427 lois uncork a tremendous haymaker , knock ursa out cold on the floor . superman advance on luthor . superman I know you would double - cross I , luthor . a lie weasel like you could not resist the chance . . . luthor ( back up ) be you kid ? I know it all the time . do you see how they fall into we trap ? beautiful . . . superman too late , luthor . too late . . . luthor listen . have I get a proposition for you , superman . I mean I owe you one , you know ? now do not say yes or no till you hear I out . . . 428 ext . fortress - day long shot as we hear from within : superman ( from inside ) which one would you like to join , luthor ? pick a hole . luthor ( from inside ) wait a minute , wait a minute , let 's talk a deal , superman . we can take a lunch on this -- SOUND : a crash from inside . after a pause : lois ( from inside ) gee , who would have think he would sink the lowest ? dissolve slowly to : 429 int . DAILY planet - day on clark -- look a bit nervous and unsure of himself , as he come to work and walk toward lois ' desk . he Pov : lois at she desk , look tense , edgy , a bit hyper . come in to two shot as he reach she desk . the follow be quietly speak , though not whisper . but there 's nobody in the immediate vicinity to overhear . ( though , at one point , we see Jimmy in b.g . ) there be a tentative feel about everything as Clark say : clark hi. lois ( try to be cool : fail at it ) oh , hi. continued 429 continued clark sleep well ? lois never close my eye . his love and compassion show as he come closer to she , look at she with understanding of she dilemma . move in to tighter shot - he pull up a chair . clark lois . . . begin slow move in to c.u. lois as she speak - all the conflict emotion and thought come out after a long and troubled night . lois I know , I know all the argument , you do not have to tell I . that 's what I do all night -- I " listen to the voice of reason " till the dawn come up . do you have any idea what a vile sound it to hear the first bird sing when you have be up night cry ? clark ( concerned ) I be sorry . c.u. lois lois I too , oh , I try to convince myself , believe I , " it 's like be marry to a doctor , " I say . doctor be practically never at home . the get emergency call in the middle of the night and they wife manage to live with it . then a voice say , " could you be a doctor 's wife ? or be you too selfish . . . " clark you be not selfish at all . lois oh , when it come to you I be . not that I do not understand why they all need you . but they can not need you more than I do . continued 429 continued clark " they ? " lois everybody . everybody else . I would be buy my little rainbow at the they expense . all the one who say " help . come quick . now " I know who you would have to pick . clark what else could I do ? lois ( be fair ) oh , I be not blame you . ( be honest ) I just know I . I would be jealous . jealous of . . . of all humanity . ( a ironic smile ) some rival , huh ? clark ( upset ) lois , someday -- lois ( intensely ) please do not tell I " you will find somebody else someday . " Cause . . . ( look at he , a wry smile ) . . . well , you be a pretty hard act to follow , you will have to admit that . ( deep breath , try to be realistic ) oh , I will get by , do not worry about I . clark ( he love she very much ) I like worry about you . continued 429 continued lois ( try hard not to cry ) stop it . . . ( stiff upper lip ) I know you think I be good , but you have not any idea how good I be go to have to be . I mean , if you think it will be easy -- ( this be kill she ) -- sit near you , talk to you , pretend not to feel , pretend not to know . . . ( with a sad little laugh ) I do not even know what name to call you anymore . move in to very tight two shot : they look into each other 's eye . he take off he glass . clark ( almost a whisper ) I do not know what to say . . . lois ( he word to she when he come out of the Restructuring chamber ) say you love I . he take she face in he hand and pull she toward he . though they have make love when he be briefly a mortal , this be the first and only time we have see superman kiss she . in c.u. , it be a profound , lyrical , passionate kiss -- it be indeed magical . when at last he release she , she move back , open she eye , blink as if she have just awaken from a dream . pull back and widen : as she shake she head , like somebody who have have a dizzy spell . clark put he glass back on . continued 429 continued lois ( voice and manner different somehow more ordinary ) wow . . . I just . . . ( shake head to clear it ) I just get so dizzy . the Whole room be spin . new angle -- from b.g. Jimmy Olsen look up , see she be act oddly , come over . jimmy be you okay ? clark she will be fine . lois ( and now she be ) see what happen when I do not have my orange juice ? ( the old lois again ) the human body be only a workable , fairly fragile machine when you treat it with the same respect you would show to ---- ( still not quite recover , put she finger to she eye and again shake she head ) . . . gee . . . clark take it easy . take a deep breath . lois I be fine . . . . . . ( focus ) what be I talk about ? before ? jimmy if I know you . miss Lane , it be probably about superman . continued 429 continued quick c.u. clark -- just watch she ; no expression . lois ( try to remember ) . . . superman ?. . . . . clark lois , I really do not see why -- lois Clark , stop feel so threaten every time you hear he name . nobody expect you to be what you be not . mo . c.u. clark -- a wry smile ; and in he eye . . . memory . clark I will try to remember that . . . lois well , you should . because I appreciate you , too , you know . clark ( play " Clark " ) you do ? lois sure . especially if you would be a really terrific guy and bring I a cheeseburger to go -- on clark -- he smile . whatever he own pain , he be happy to see she feel none . clark everything on it ? lois everything on it . as he grab he hat and start to leave : lois oh , and -- continued 429 continued clark I know , I know , only if it 's fresh - squeeze . with one last little fond look back , he turn and leave . stay on lois and jimmy . lois ( blithely ) there go a nice guy . ( she roll a fresh sheet of paper into she typewriter ) now then , what trouble can I get into today . . . ( to Jimmy ) what 's go on in the world , Jimmy ? 430 int . diner - day the same alaskan diner visit earlier by clark and lois . camera CI . ose on the same burlv trucker see earlier as he eat a noisy lunch , sit on a stool directly at the corner of the " L " - shape counter . he munch down on he food as a figure appear behind he . trucker ( to counterman ) gimme another order of that bacon , will ya ? clark voice that 's funny . I do not know swine be cannibal . the trucker blink , swirl slowly in he seat as camara pull back : Clark stand behind he , look down . clark you be sit in my seat , pig-face . trucker come and get it four-eye . . . continued 430 continued the trucker spin in he seat , uncork a tremendous right hand to the midsection ; he scream as he fist crack into what seem like solid granite , break a bone . clark lean down , spin the stool in the opposite direction at dizzying speed . the trucker become a whirling blur , he seat spiraling upward until it reach counter level . clark reach out , tap he at exactly the right moment ; the trucker fly down the length of the counter through napkin holder , salt shaker , and other people 's meal , crash against the wall , land in a heap . the counterman gape at clark unbelievingly . clark ( nice smile ) I have be work out . 431 ext . sky - day against a clear blue sky we see superman in c.u. fly at speed hold a flag - pole so that a huge american flag stream out from behind he . 432 ext . white house - day the camera cut wide to reveal superman approach the roof of the White House . he swoops in behind the tree carry the flag and flag-pole , which be attach to a new translucent roof - dome ( to replace the dome fracture by the entrance of the villain ) . 433 int . white house corridor - day we CUT as the president open the door from he oval Office and look out and upwards to the break corridor ceiling . we see superman land on the roof and as he begin to place the new dome in position , he talk to the president . the last shot be superman c.u. , the flag still stream behind he , as the roof be position . we then CUT to sc. 437 . 437 ext . sky - dusk superman be fly home , the sun set gloriously behind he . against this awesome spectacle , hold camera as he soar away from f.g. head for the horizon , magnificent in he power . faster than a speed bullet . more powerful than a locomotive . able to leap tall building in a single bound . look ! up in the sky ! be it a bird ! be it a plane ! no ! it 's superman . the end