superbad written by Seth rogen &amp ; Evan Goldberg July 20 , 2006 open credit over super -funky blaxploitation -style music , which build to a exciting crescendo fill we with the expectation of a thrill , action - pack open sequence . instead we get : int . seth's car - morning Seth , seventeen , a bit heavyset , in the midst of a sad attempt at grow a goatee and clearly a terrible driver , cruise along while fiddling with the CD player . he pull out he cell and dial . seth yo. intercut with : int . evan's house - kitchen - continuous 2 2 Evan , seventeen , a little too tall and slim , a boy who clearly never figure out how to style he hair , be finish off a bowl of cereal . he be on he cell phone . evan what 's up ? seth I be do research last night , for next year , and I think I be gonna go with bang Bus . evan which one 's bang Bus ? seth the one where they bang the chick on the bus . thirteen buck a month . total access , live web cam feed . the work . it will be like I be on the bus , bang they myself . evan that stuff 's bullshit , they be all fake it . and plus , you parent be gonna look at the bill . seth it show up under a different name . ( beat ) I hope . bang Bus . ( more ) ( continued ) 2 . 2 continued : 2 seth ( cont 'd ) that would not look good . maybe I should just pick the one with the least dirty sounding name . evan weapon of ass destruction 's out then . Seth pull up in front of a house . seth I could tell my parent I be do a project on Rome and I have to research orgy . ext . evan's house - continuous 3 3 Evan walk out he front door . we reveal he be walk towards Seth 's car . evan ( still into phone ) yeah . just tell they you take a class on blow job . they both hang up and Evan get in the car . Seth be about to pull away , when evan's mother come out the front door . evan's mom thanks for take he , Seth . Evan change the radio station . Seth slap he hand . seth do not touch that ! evan's mom you two be so funny . I can not imagine what you will do without each other next year . Evan tell I you do not get into State . seth yeah , you know . I get some other place . good place . I think we will be fine . evan's mom be you go to miss each other ? evan miss each other ? no ! ( continued ) 3. 3 continued : 3 seth that 's disgusting . mom bye , boy . Seth and Evan drive off . seth I be truly , truly jealous that you get to suck on that tit when you be a baby . evan fuck you , man . ext . clark secondary - soon after 4 4 they drive up to Clark secondary . there be a giant sign that read " senior - two glorious week until graduation " . Seth turn into the staff parking lot . int / ext . 7- 11 store - moment later 5 5 Seth and Evan walk past a group of smoker , towards the 7- 11 . evan you be be a idiot , man . you really should not park there . seth fuck it . I be a senior about to graduate . they should be suckin ' my ball . it 's the least they can do for steal three year of my life . they walk past dimitri ( 18 , big Native american guy ) as they enter the store . dimitri aggressively bump he shoulder into Seth . evan what the hell 's wrong with dimitri ? seth oh , yeah dude , I forget to tell you . I knock the fuckin ' shit out of he in capture the flag last week . evan good ! 9th grade Camp he give I whiplash in " King of the Ring . " I fuck hate that guy . they go to the magazine rack and stare at a maxim cover . ( continued ) 4. 5 continued : 5 evan ( cont 'd ) look at that nipple . seth they be like baby toe . evan it 's not fair . I have to hide every erection I get . seth sometimes I get boner so big I can not hide they . and then I get nervous and my heart start pound , and it all just , like , feed my boner . it just become this ... thing ... that 's attach to I . and it will not go away . evan just imagine if girl be not weird out by we boner and they actually want to see `em , like this shit . seth you know it 's be , like , a year and a half since I have see a actual human female nipple . besides my mom 's . I see it last month , and it be sick . evan Holy shit . liat be two year ago ? I guess so . she be insanely hot , though . seth exactly . too hot . that 's what suck . evan how can that possibly suck ? I would be fuckin ' psyched if I would get with a girl that hot . you get , like , two dozen handjob ! seth and three quarter of a blowjob , but that be fuckin ' it . it be the peak of my ass - gettin ' career , and it happen way , way , way too early . evan you be like Orson Welles . ( continued ) 5 . 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 seth exactly ! if I would build up to it , I would probably at least be have steady sex with a mediocre - look girl at this point . I honestly now see why Orson Welles eat he fat ass to death . evan you will have sex in college . everyone do . and if not , you will have the bang bus. seth but the key be to be good at sex by the time you be in college . you do not want girl to think you suck dick at fuck . evan I still think you have get a chance with Jules . she get mad hot over last summer , and clearly have not realize it , `cause she still flirt with you . seth be you joke , man ? let 's see here ... she date Dan remick , Matt muir , josh corber and what 's -his -face . all of that be cool guy . she 's be hot way longer than you think . why would she end she high school career with I ? evan well , helen get with Ariel shafir . seth yeah , and he be a complete fuck loser . you be a step up from that . which be why you should stop be a pussy and do she ! you could nailthe shit out of she for , like , two month before you leave . that bitch look like a good fucker . evan hey ! I be sick of you talk about she like that , man ! Evan start to walk out . Seth follow . seth what , you can talk about that bitch all day every single day , but I can not say one thing about she ? ( continued ) 6 . 5 continued : ( 3 ) 5 evan I do not constantly insult she . seth I do not insult she ! I say she look like a good fucker ! she look like she can take a dick . that 's a good thing . some woman pride themselves on they dick - take ability . ext . 7 - 11 - continuous 6 6 Seth and Evan come out the front door . terry , one of the rough - look smoker , call out . terry yo. Seth . do you hear I be have the big grad party ? Evan , a little scared , keep he distance . seth no . terry yeah . Terry spit on Seth 's shirt . terry ( cont 'd ) and you be not come . tell you fuck faggot friend he can not come either . Seth wipe the spit off . he look at Terry and seem as though he 's about to say something , but be interrupt when Terry start hock up more spit . Seth run away as Terry and he friend laugh . he catch up to Evan and they head back to school . evan wow . you really bitched out on that one . seth I bitched out ? you bitched out ! you be across the street before I even realize what be go on . ( beat ) that guy 's such a douche bag . ext . clark secondary oval running track - day 7 7 ( continued ) 7. 7 continued : 7 bird be eye view of a p.e. CLASS there be 30 guy stand behind the start line of the school 's track . we hear a teacher yell " go ! " and the boy start run . we follow they from above . all the boy keep pretty much the same pace except for one runner who slowly lag behind . the group get so far ahead of the he that he be alone in the frame . he stop . close up of the runner : kneel on the track breathe heavily . it 's Seth . seth ( panting ) this ...is ... bullshit . a moment later a kid with prosthetic leg jog by . kid ( as he pass Seth ) poo-say . int . clark secondary classroom - day 8 8 Evan be sit in math class stare at helen be breast . sheis a very tall girl and be athletic in a sexy way , wear volleyball team sweat pants and a tank top . he look up from she breast to she face : she be stare right at he . he immediately look to the front of the class , embarrassed . the bell ring and everyone leave . helen walk up to Evan as they enter the hallway . he 's really nervous . she offer he a pen . helen hey Evan , thanks for the pen . evan oh , do not worry , no worry . just keep it . then you will just have it , and you will not have to borrow another pen . helen thanks ...uh ... I be go to ask you , do you hear about Terry 's grad party ? it 's go to be so insane . evan yeah , it 's a maybe . but , you know , I gotta , I get my ... ( more ) ( continued ) 8. 8 continued : 8 evan ( cont 'd ) there 's so much other fun shit that be go to be go on that night ... so , you know ... helen fun shit ? but I , like , never see you at any party or anything . evan because of all the other fun shit I be off do . helen ( playful ) okay . so why be not you at dimitri 's party on Saturday ? evan dimitri 's ? I uh ... do not want to go , because , well , I do other stuff . Saturday ... ( nervous , he desperately think ) oh yeah ! Saturday night be awesome ! ( the real version of Evan 's story be show through a montage of quick flashback . ) evan ( cont 'd ) ( v.o ) first my parent go out to a double feature , so a bunch of people come over ... int . evan's house - night 9 9 Seth be there . Evan and he be surfing the bang Bus web site . fogell arrive with a bottle of sambuca . fogell be one of that senior who look like he 's thirteen year old . evan ... and we have a couple drink in my basement ... a empty bottle of sambuca in front of they and empty beer can at they foot , the three boy each shotgun a beer . evan ( cont 'd ) ( v.o ) ... and Seth 's parent be have this cocktail party , and we go over there to , like , mingle ... 9 . int seth's house - night 10 10 Seth 's parent be have a fancy cocktail party . the boy be drunk as hell . evan ... and there be actually some really interesting and , like , entertaining people there ... the boy laugh hysterically as they each shake tobassco sauce onto they tongue . they writhe around in agony as several adult look at they like they be moron . evan ( cont 'd ) ( v.o . ) ... and , uh , then we see some , uh , live music . int . seth's house - basement - night 11 11 in Seth 's basement , the boy violently wrestle . Evan give fogell a bloody nose , but they all can not help but laugh . evan ... then we go to a club downtown ... ext . strip club - night 12 12 the bouncer of a dirty strip club reject they . evan ... and then we pretty much call it a night and go home ... int . tbd house - night 13 13 Evan puke all over Seth . Evan and fogell laugh hysterically as Seth yell at they . int . clark secondary hallway - day 14 14 we return to Evan talk to helen in the hall . evan ... you would have love it . helen that sound so fun . I would love to go do something like that . ( continued ) 10 . 14 continued : 14 evan yeah ... well , you know , I and Seth be always cooking up ...uh... fun little ... event . helen be disappointed in he response . helen so , be you guy go to the same school next year ? evan Nah . we be go to but , uh , we get into different one . helen what be you go to do without he ? evan same shit I have always be do . it will be fine . do not worry about it . I be not . int . food and nutrition room - next period 15 15 student file into the home economics room . the blackboard read , today : tiramisu . the ingredient be list below . Seth be talk to the cooking teacher . seth Mrs. grier , I join this class because I think I would be cooking with a partner . it 's not fair . she 's never here . I do not get twice the mark for do all the work . mrs . greir I do not invent odd number , Seth . seth look at Evan . Evan be playfully throw flour at a tiny japanese boy . they both laugh hard . seth ( cont 'd ) while I be over in my unit , isolate and alone , eat my terrible - taste food because I can not even properly mix ingredient by myself , I gotta look over at that . ( continued ) 11 . 15 continued : 15 the japanese boy tie Evan 's apron . Evan then turn around and tie the boy 's apron . they both look happy . seth ( cont 'd ) I wash and dry . and that be b.s. I be like a single mother . mrs . greir well , save it for next week . today Jules ' partner be not here either . pair up with she . Station four . seth Jules ? the teacher walk away . Seth look over to station four , nervous as hell . angle on : Jules , well - dress and " popular " look . she stand alone at station four , lay out utensil . Seth muster he courage and walk towards Jules . he stop , unsure of what to say . jule hey Seth , you partner do not come again ? seth that 's kind of a personal question . jule what ? seth ( nervous ) nothing . it be my attempt at humour . jule well , uh , maybe I kidnap she so you would be force to work with I . there 's my attempt at humour . seth well , I would call that a success . ( read recipe sheet ) marscampone ... scamponee cheese ? be that some kind of new cheese or something ? jule all cheese taste the same to I anyway . seth except blue cheese . that stuff be sick . ( continued ) 12. 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 jule thank you ! yes ! my older brother always eat blue cheese . you know that stuff be actually moldy . like , they tell you it 's moldy , then they tell you to eat it anyway . seth well whoever " they " be , they can eat my dick . int . food and nuitrition room - later 16 16 Jules watch as Seth awkwardly remove the tiramisu from the oven and place it on the table . jule what be you do tonight ? seth I do not know , probably nothing . why ? jule my parent be out of town and I be think of have a party . I do not know how big it will be , but you should come anyways . seth yeah . sure . that sound fun . I love party . jule really ? I do not usually see you at they . seth oh , uh . it 's more of , like , a love-hate thing . right now I love they , though . uh...how do I do this ? jule I will write down my address and number . angle on : Evan . Evan be stand by the sink scrubbing a tray . behind he , at the table , be the small japanese boy eat the tiramisu . evan that 's good shit . huh , miroki ? Seth walk up to Evan . ( continued ) 13. 16 continued : 16 seth ( whisper ) dude ! she 's havin ' a fuckin ' party . angle on : fogell enter the room seth ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) do not tell fogell about the party . fogell hey guy , I be walk here , and on the way , I see nicola , and she be wear this tight white pants and a black g- string and you could see it right through the pants . int . hallway ( flashback ) - earlier 17 17 we see fogell , look at the ass of nicola , a incredibly hot girl who exude sexual vibe and look a little skanky ; you can see she black g-string through she tight white pants . she turn and notice fogell . he give a awkward look . fogell it 's nine thirty . nicola what ? int . food and nuitrition room ( present ) - continuous 18 18 back to fogell , Seth and Evan . fogell I tell she what time it be . it be awesome . she 's get the nicest ass . seth like you would know what to do with it . fogell ha ha . I be really gonna miss you knee - slapper when I and Evan be at State . seth ( piss ) yeah , well I will be at junior college where the girl be half as smart , and thus twice as likely to blow I . fogell what be you guy do tonight ? ( continued ) 14 . 18 continued : 18 seth nothing . sorry . you will just have to fingerbang yourself . evan ( to fogell ) what you do ? fogell well , Seth always say I be too much of a pussy , but he be wrong . it 's be arrange . at lunch , I be go to the same place Mike snider go to pick up my brand new false identification card . seth dude ! that 's perfect , `cause , Evan , do not you just say that you hear about a party ? fogell ( to Evan ) why do not you tell I ? seth shut up . who care ? just be happy he tell . and hey ! now you can buy the booze . fogell sound cool . cool . mrs . greir ( o.s. ) if you be not in this class , leave this class ! evan well do , man . we will see you after class . fogell leave . seth do you tell that nimrod you be not go to room with he ? evan uh...no , not yet . seth you better , man . that guy be a poon- tang repellent . Seth see Jules come . ( continued ) 15 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 jule Seth , dish time . what 's the hold up ? seth we be get a fake id . jule well , you two have four more year to cuddle , so let 's get to work . evan actually , we be go to different school . jule really ? you be cut the cord ? what 's go to happen ? seth nothing ! Jesus . evan yeah ? what do people think be gonna happen ? that 's what I do not get . seth we be not , like , dependent on each other . evan we meet when we be 8 , we be fine before then . it 's not like we do everything together . int . clark secondary cafeteria - day 19 19 Seth and Evan be eat together . evan so it look like we get a little graduation party after all . seth I would do terrible thing to get with Jules tonight . terrible thing . evan no shit . I would give my leave foot to start dating helen . she 's killin ' I . seth ah , helen 's a bitch . Evan slam he fist on the table . ( continued ) 16 . 19 continued : 19 evan I be fuckin ' sick of this shit , man ! seriously . why do you hate she ? be there even a actual reason ? because seriously , I be beginning you think you like she . seth Hell no ! I hate she . evan why ? seth I be never go to tell you this story , because I know that if you hear it you would never want to get with helen , but over the last few week I have be have a hard time think of a reason not to . so , here it be . helen and I go to elementary school together , right ? ( beat ) well , in the third grade , I have ... like ... a odd problem . for some reason , I do not know why , I use to have this thing ... where I would ... like , kinda ... sit around all day and draw picture of dick . evan what ? int / ext various location 20 20 a montage of flashbacks of young seth ( Age 10 ) draw picture of dick in various place . a park , at home , in a sandbox , and finally , in a school classroom . seth ( v.o. ) I would just sit there for hour on end draw dick . I do not know what it be . I could not touch the pen to paper without it draw a penis . evan ( v.o. ) that 's fuck . seth ( v.o. ) no shit that 's fuck up . here I be this little kid who can not stop draw dick to save he life . 17 . int . clark secondary cafeteria - present 21 21 evan what do that have to do with helen ? seth just listen . int . randolph elementary classroom -flashback 22 22 Young Seth be still sit at he desk draw penise . seth ( v.o. ) I be very secretive about this dick thing I have go , after all , even I think I be a loon , lord know what other people would have think . so I would take all my dick drawing and stick they in this muppet lunch - box I have . we see Young Seth stick a picture of a penis in a lunch - box fill with piece of paper . int . randolph elementary classroom - day 23 23 Young Seth be draw , however it be a different day . seth ( v.o. ) so one day I be finish up a picture of a real big and veiny bastard , when all of a sudden ... Young Seth drop the picture of the dick off he desk . it float down and hit the foot of a cute little girl , young helen . int . clark secondary cafeteria - present 24 24 evan you hit helen 's foot with you dick ? int . randolph elementary classroom - moment later 25 25 the little girl pick up the picture and look at it with a truly disturb look on she face . Young Seth grab the picture from she and shove it into he lunch - box . int . clark secondary cafeteria - present 26 26 seth well she fuck flip . she start cry and shit . ratted I out . ( more ) ( continued ) 18. 26 continued : 26 seth ( cont 'd ) the principle find my cock - muppet lunch - box , and he fuck flip . int . randolph elementary principle's office - day 27 27 a flashback of Young Seth sit in the principle 's office . the muppet lunch - box be open and the penis drawing be completely cover he desk . seth ( v.o. ) it turn out the principle be some crazy religious guy and he think I be possess by some dick devil or something . the principal put he hand on Seth 's head and begin praying for he soul . int . clark secondary cafeteria - present 28 28 seth so , he call my parent and they make I go to a psychologist who keep ask I all this dick question . my parent would not even let I eat dick - shape food for , like , month ! no carrot , no Pop-sicle , no hot-dog . you know how many fuck food be shape like dick ? evan ( half amaze , half amused ) wow . that 's really mess up . seth I can not even stand to look at she punk face . ( beat ) I be go to go take a piss . peace . int . clark secondary bathroom - later 29 29 Seth finish he piss . he go over to the sink , look at it for a moment , then walk out of the bathroom . int . clark secondary hallway - continuous 30 30 just as Seth turn the corner he see Jules , nicola , and shirley stand by they locker . Jules spot Seth . jule Seth . there you be . Jules turn and say goodbye to nicola , who walk away . Jules and shirley turn to meet Seth . ( continued ) 19 . 30 continued : 30 seth hey . here I be . jule so you be come to my party , right ? it 's fully on . seth yeah . why ? should I not ? jule no , no , no . I really want you to come . but ...uh , you do say you be get a fake id or something , be that right ? seth very right . right . I be get that . shirley can you get we drink ? seth ummm ... I do not know . I ... think ... maybe . jule ( half joke ) come on , you scratch we back , we will scratch yours . seth well , funny thing about my back . it 's locate on my cock . shirley be offended . Jules laugh a little . Seth laugh too hard . seth ( cont 'd ) ha ! alright , sure . I can do that . what do you guy want ? jule well , this be actually , like , a big favor , but , well , my parent give I like a hundred buck to feed myself for the week , but the house if full of food , so I figure I should just spend all of it on extra drink for the party . seth wow . I would never even think of do something that nice . Jules hand Seth a hundred dollar . ( continued ) 20 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 jule well , this be really nice of you . I mean , I really appreciate this . Seth can not believe what he 's hearing . he can barely contain he smile . seth should I just get , like , a shitload of different shit ? jule whatever shit you think people would like , I do not really know . shirley I want Mike 's hard lemonade . jule okay . I will see you tonight . seth yeah ! I will see you ! the girl walk off , leave Seth lose in think . he suddenly run down the hall . ext . school field - moment later 31 31 Evan be stand alone amidst the rest of he gym class as they play soccer . gym teacher Evan , get into the game . Evan say nothing and the teacher soon redirect he attention elsewhere . Evan see Seth jogging towards he . seth ( out of breath , work up ) man , just - Evan , listen to I . you know Jules ? you know what she just do ? she come up to I and ask I if I would buy she alcohol . not just she , she whole party . do you know what that mean ? it mean that by some miracle , we be pair up , we talk , and she actually think of I afterwards . think of I enough to decide that I be the guy that she be go to trust the fun-ness of she party with . she want I ! she fuck want my dick ! ( continued ) 21 . 31 continued : 31 evan do you ever think maybe she 's just use you to get she alcohol ? seth of course I think of that ! listen to this ! int . food and nuitrition room ( flashback ) 32 32 the same scene as before with Seth and Jules in class . jule yeah ! my older brother always eat blue cheese . you know that stuff be actually moldy . ext . school field - present 33 33 seth she have a older brother ! she could have ask he , but she ask I ! she look I straight in the face and ask I . she want to fuck I , man . do you understand that ? Fucking ! today be the day that fuck have become possible . evan be you stupid ? you be not go to be able to sleep with she tonight . seth she 's go to be at the party , she 's gonna be drunk , and she like I at least a little , so I can get with she . then , I make she my girlfriend , and then I fuck she all summer long ! then , by the time college roll around , I be the fuckin ' fuck master , man ! evan make she you girlfriend ? of course ! that 's good . so , hypnosis , love potion , or mind - control helmet ? seth once I have get with she , I write she love letter , flower , I will do anything - I will be the most pussy - whipped guy in the universe - what chick would not go out with a guy like that ? ( continued ) 22. 33 continued : 33 the soccer ball roll towards they . they both watch as it roll by . classmate what the hell , Evan ? Evan shrug back . classmate ( cont 'd ) fuck you , man . seth fuck off , greg . why do not you piss you pants again ? classmate that be , like , eight year ago , asshole ! he run off . seth ( to Evan ) wanna hear the best part ? evan ( sarcastic ) oh , I have not ? seth helen ! Evan look upset , assume that Seth be about to trash - talk helen , as usual . seth ( cont 'd ) you do the same thing , man ! buy helen she alcohol . then , tonight , when you guy be both drunk , get with she ! this be the last party we be ever go to go to as high school people ! I have fully ignore my hatred for helen in come up with this , which be a big ass deal . we need to stop be pussy and for once just go ball out , man ! Evan seem to be sway . evan I should get helen alcohol ? seth of course ! it will be pimp , and then you know she will be drunk . ( continued ) 23. 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 evan have you talk to fogell ? seth you talk to helen , I will find that retard fogell . int . hallway - later 34 34 everyone be rush to class . Evan hurry through the hall and find helen at she locker . evan hey helen ! hold up . do you hear about the party tonight ? helen yeah , I just hear . it sound sweet . you be not come , be you ? evan no , no , I be . that 's why I come look for you . I and some guy be go to the liquor store after class , so I be think I could buy you yours , if you need someone to . helen yeah ! that would be great , that would save I such a hassle , cause I be go to beg my sister , but yeah , could you get I , like , a bottle of goldschlager ? I will pay you back tonight . evan you will absolutely not . it 's my treat . helen wow . thanks , Evan . Evan swing a friendly little punch at helen 's shoulder , but someone walk into he , cause he to nail she in directly in the tit ! helen ( cont 'd ) hey ! you punch my tit ! evan ( mortify ) I be sorry ! shit , shit . I be so sorry ! I just want to give you a friendly nudge in the arm , you know ? I be so sorry . ( continued ) 24 . 34 continued : 34 helen ( giggle ) do not worry about it . so I will see you at the party ? evan yeah . I will see you then . I be so sorry about that . ext . clark secondary - continuous 35 35 Seth be wait angrily in front of the school . Evan come out the front door . seth that douche bag be not back yet , I have be stand here with my thumb up my ass . evan I do it , dude . I even offer to pay for it . it be pimp . seth whoa . that be fuck pimp . why do not I do that ? shit . the bell ring . int . woodshop CLASS - continuous 36 36 Seth and Evan work side by side in the woodshop . seth ( yell over the machine ) that 's what we get for trust a mental midget ! he 's fuck it all up ! I bet he pussie out , just like I say he would ! ext . clark secondary - after school 37 37 Seth and Evan walk out the front door . seth I mean , what be we go to tell the girl ? " sorry , we could not do what we promise because we be dickless incompetent ! " we will never get laid because of that little ass -fuck . how do he get in to State ?! he 's get shit for brain ! shit ! how else can we get liquor ? fogell ( o.s. ) hey guy ! ( continued ) 25 . 37 continued : 37 Seth and Evan turn around to see fogell run after they . evan where have you be ? seth yeah ! you almost give I a goddamn heart attack ! you better fuck have it , where be it ? fogell I get it . it 's flawless ! it 's great , man , look . fogell reach into he pocket and pull out the fake id . Evan grab it . evan ( read the card ) okay mr... " mclovin " ? what kind of a stupid name be that ? what be you try to be , a irish r&amp ; B singer ? fogell well , they let you pick any name you want when you get there . seth so you pick mclovin ? fogell it be between that or Muhammad . seth why be it between that or Muhammad ? why do not you just pick a common name ? fogell actually , Seth , Muhammad be the most commonly use name on earth . evan have you ever actually meet a guy name Muhammad ? fogell have you actually ever meet a guy name mclovin ? seth no ! that 's why you pick a bad name . ( continued ) 26 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 evan you probably have federal agent tracking you for even consider the name Muhammad on a fake id ! seth look at this shit man , you do not even have a first name . it just say " name : mclovin " evan one name ? fogell I just think mclovin sound old , and the chick would dig it . evan under what circumstance would you ever have to show a chick you id ? fogell she could ask . or , I could just show it to she . seth Holy shit ! I do not believe this . this say you be fuck 25 ! why do not you just put 21 ? fogell I know you would ask that . look , every day , dozen of kid roll into the liquor store with fake id 's try to act like Joe casual . each and every one of this kid just so happen to be 21 year old . just how many 21 year - old do you think there be ? seth fool ! evan calm down ! it 's not terrible ! this might work , but it 's up to you , fogell . they will either think , " oh , it 's another punk kid with a fake id . " or , " look , it 's mclovin , the twenty five year - old organ donor " . what 's it gonna be ? fogell take a deep breath . ( continued ) 27 . 37 continued : ( 3 ) 37 fogell I be mclovin . seth you be not mclovin . no one 's mclovin and this be never go to work . we need a new way to get alcohol . could we drive to Canada or something ? fogell I still think it 's go to work . they walk into the staff parking lot . Seth stop . seth what the fuck ? where 's my car ? evan I tell you , man ! what do I say ? I tell you that be a dumb idea . fogell why would you park in the staff - seth shut up , fogell . fogell ` Cause you be not staff . seth I be aware of that , fagell . Seth storm off . Evan follow he . fogell ( yell ) will you still pick I up from work ? Evan and Seth round the corner , leave fogell behind . seth let 's go to you house . int . evan's bedroom - soon after 38 38 Seth put on a shirt that be way too small and he 's wear pants that be too tight . Evan be play the video game Grand theft Auto . ( continued ) 28 . 38 continued : 38 seth now we wait for you Mom to piss off and steal you parent ' booze like you brother always do . take a bit from every bottle . piece of cake . it 's not exactly what Jules want , but it will do , right ? evan come on ! just wear what you wear to school . seth I tell you I can not do that . I can not let Jules see I in the same shit I wear at school . it 's completely unbecome . evan why do not you just go to you house and get you own clothes ? ` Cause this be stupid . seth you be stupid ! I can not go home . then my mom will know the car get tow and I will be ground tonight . I will just stay here all weekend and pick it up on Monday . evan ( re : video game ) where the fuck be the dirt bike ? ( beat ) ah , screw it . I be just gonna kill everyone . boom ! die , piggy !!! seth do not you have bigger clothes ? evan see what my dad 's get . int . evan's house - parent room - soon after 39 39 Seth be wear Evan 's dad 's clothes : a 70 style cowboy shirt , just barely pull it off , as well as slack . seth not bad , eh ? evan it 's , like , 7:30 and my Mom 's still here . ( continued ) 29 . 39 continued : 39 seth alright , here 's what we will do . I will fuck you Mom in the basement while you steal the liquor . evan fuck you , asshole . let 's just sneak down there and grab it . int . evan's house - later 40 40 Evan and Seth , carry a empty two liter bottle of Coke , cautiously descend the creak staircase . they eye watch the tv room , where Evan 's mom be on the phone . the boy enter the dining room and cautiously open the liquor cabinet . Seth enthusiastically reach for a bottle . seth ( whisper ) alright , dude . get ready to receive . Evan begin unscrew he bottle , when he notice a little black line mark where the liquor bottle be fill to . then , he realize that every bottle have it . evan ( whisper ) I can not believe it . they mark they . seth ( whisper ) what do you mean they ...oh , man ! you parent be fucker . what do we do now ? evan ( whisper ) shh !!! we ...we ... take some and fill it back up with water . get ready , I will get water . Evan hurry off . Seth look at the liquor cabinet , try to choose the best booze . he grab a massive bottle of gin . Evan reappear . evan ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) gin ? that stuff be literally undrinkable . seth ( whisper ) it 's the biggest bottle , you douche . just do it ! she 's right in the other room ! ( continued ) 30 . 40 continued : 40 Evan reluctantly hold a empty Coke bottle as Seth shakily pour the gin in . Evan start refilling the gin bottle with water , when suddenly they both hear he mom come . evan ( whisper ) run ! seth ( whisper ) but , the booze ? evan ( whisper ) take it ! Seth run off with the gin and Coke bottle . Evan quickly close the cabinet and sneak off right before he mom enter . through the window she see 's that Seth be already on the front lawn and think nothing of it . evan ( cont 'd ) bye , Mom ! Love you . evan's mom Love you , sweety . Evan leave . ext . evan's house - front lawn 41 41 Evan and Seth triumphantly walk away . Seth hold up the gin . seth look at this mother . smell it 's glory . he open it up and take a whiff . seth ( cont 'd ) mmm . it 's good . barely a scent . he take a crazy big swig . seth ( cont 'd ) see that ? I always say I have the high alcohol tolerance . I be like superman . Seth taste another swig , but make a strange face . Evan grab the bottle and take a swig . evan it 's fuck water ! ( continued ) 31 . 41 continued : 41 seth Water ? ( drink again ) fuck . you brother beat we to the punch . we have to go back ! evan we can not go back ! she totally know , she will bust we for sure , and we have to meet fogell . seth well , fuck ... fine . text you brother he 's a stupid piece of crap . Evan pull out he cell and chuckle as he type . ext . shopwell - dusk 42 42 Evan and Seth walk off the bus . they see fogell walk towards they . he 's in he uniform hold a hanger with a shirt and a vest . seth what the hell be that ? fogell a vest . seth you be gonna look like a pinocchio . evan what ? it 's just a vest . fogell yeah . how many high schooler you see in vest ? seth ( eyeing shopwell 's ) you know , they get a ton of liquor right in there . if we get it now we can get to the party faster with all of Jules ' shit . fogell no way ! I work there . they know I be not twenty - five . seth nobody say anything about you , dick - mouth . you have one name on you id . it 's out of the equation ! ( more ) ( continued ) 32 . 42 continued : 42 seth ( cont 'd ) and now I be gonna have to take drastic measure . I be gonna steal the booze . fogell what ?! no ! Hell no ! you can not do that ! evan ( mock ) yeah , right ! seth that 's right . and that way I give Jules back she money , like you do with helen . that be good think , that 's fuck pimp . that 's how you seal a deal . it will not be hard . remember Dan vertlieb steal a keg from here and he 's get , like , really bad scoliosis ! evan you be not gonna steal it . fogell , he 's not go to steal it . fogell please . do not do this ! I promise . I will get the liquor later . seth I be step up . and once I be up , I do not step back down . maybe you " State " boy do not understand that . Seth walk to the store . int . shopwell be - continuous 43 43 Seth enter the store , look determine . he spot a security guard stand by one of the register . seth ( to himself ) hope piggy can run . he walk past the register , which bring he in front of the long liquor aisle . he survey the scene . there be a old woman browsing the shelf . Seth look over to the register . int . shopwell be ( fantasy ) - evening 44 44 Seth be at the cash register . he have a huge amount of booze in the conveyor belt . cashier how old be you ? ( continued ) 33. 44 continued : 44 seth twenty two . cashier you certainly be . that will be eighty dollar . Seth hand the cashier a big eighty dollar bill . seth thank you kindly . cashier you be welcome , Seth . int . shopwell be - continuous 45 45 Seth , still stand in front of the liquor aisle , shake he head . he eyeball the old lady . int . shopwell be ( fantasy ) - evening 46 46 the old lady be browsing . she drop she big purse . a hand reach down and pick it up . it 's Seth . seth Excuse I , mar 'am . you drop you purse . would you like I to help you to you car ? old lady that would be lovely , young man . would you like I to buy you alcohol ? seth that would be lovely ! ext . shopwell be ( fantasy ) - moment later 47 47 Seth , hold two huge bag of liquor , wave to the Old Lady as she drive away . seth enjoy you remain year ! old lady I will . enjoy fuck Jules ! int . shopwell be ( fantasy ) - continuous 48 48 Seth shake he head . he look down the aisle again , take a breath and start walk . ( continued ) 34 . 48 continued : 48 he arrive at a fancy look bottle . he take it and look down at it in he hand . a big golden label read , " goldschlager . " security gaurd ( o.s. ) do not do it kid . we see that the Security Guard be right behind he . Seth do not look up , he just stare at the bottle dramatically . seth I never have a choice . he throw the bottle at the guard face . the guard block it with he billy club , grab another bottle , and hurl it at Seth . Seth dodge it by a inch ; the bottle hit the old lady in the head . old lady ( in agony ) aaahhhhh !!! before Seth can do anything , the guard smashes a 40 - ounce bottle of beer across he face . the guard swing the break end of the bottle and cut Seth 's throat . blood spurt out . Seth drop he bottle and fall to the ground . ext . shopwell be - continuous 49 49 Evan and fogell be talk . fogell oh , and , uh , my Mom say we can have the tv from she basement and I have get , like , three lava-lamp and one strobe light , so like , we can have that in the room - Evan see Seth come out of shopwell 's . evan shh. Seth 's come . fogell you still do not tell he we be rooming - evan no . shut up . fogell ( to Seth ) so , where 's all the steal liquor ? ( continued ) 35 . 49 continued : 49 seth fuck you ! I be gonna do it , but security be tight as shit . I be gonna do it though , do not think I be not . let 's go to the liquor store and try you stupid id . Seth head towards the bus stop . fogell wait ! I be gonna put my vest back in my locker ! int . bus - moment later 50 50 more mind -blowingly badass funk music over Seth , Evan and fogell sit on the bus amidst a bunch of gloomy , unpleasant look stranger . nothing happen whatsoever . ext . liquor store - evening 51 51 the bus stop in front of the liquor store and the guy get out . evan well , here we be . fogell , be you ready ? seth here 's the list . fogell a list ? why ? seth we be get girl they booze so they will get with we . I put a lot of think into that list . it 's the perfect party bar , so do not mess it up and get sambuca again . fogell read the list . a worried look sweep across he face . fogell ouzo , drambuie , jager , gold-shlay -ger - evan goldschlager . that 's for helen , so do not forget it . fogell - alize , Captain Morgan rum , smirnoff rasberry and a big ass bottle of popov- ( continued ) 36 . 51 continued : 51 seth oh yeah , and Mike 's hard lemonade . fogell this be too much . I can not get away with this much ! evan what 's the difference ? Seth hand fogell the money . fogell I do not know , man . I be get , like , really nervous . fogell start breathe very hard and make a odd noise while do so . evan be you okay ? seth what the hell be you do ? fogell I do not know if I want to do this . seth what be you talk about ? you just promise you would . what be this shit ? fogell what if they turn I down ? seth then we be in the same place that we be in right now ! fogell it 's fuck humiliate ! everyone in the store see they kick I out . what if they make I put all the liquor back on the shelf ? I can not do that ! seth this whole thing be bigger than you , asshead ! just go in there and buy the damn alcohol ! fogell what if I do not feel like it anymore ? ( continued ) 37 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 seth then I will kill you ! how 's that ? if you do not buy the alcohol , I will kill you ! fogell killing I will not get you any alcohol , jerkoff ! I be the one with the id ! seth then I will kill you , cut off you ugly face , put it over mine , and buy it my fuck self . fogell you do not have the technology or the steady hand to pull off a procedure like that ! Seth stand for a moment , then suddenly rush fogell . Evan stand between they and break it up . evan Seth , calm down ! fogell , stop be a baby and go buy the alcohol ! you say you would do it , so do it . it 's why you buy the id , so just go do it . fogell ( beat ) I will try . fogell walk into the store . int . liquor store - continuous 52 52 at first it all seem overwhelming . fogell be confuse , dizzy , and sweat . he step behind a large beer display and take a few deep breath . clerk hi there . fogell flinch , shocked someone speak to he . he keep walk . he near a mother and she 17 year old son . as fogell pass they , the son seem to recognize he . fogell clearly recognize the son . they eye meet . fogell look in the opposite direction . son fogell ? ( continued ) 38 . 52 continued : 52 fogell ( weird voice , cover he face ) no . son yo , fogell . ` sup man . what be you do here ? fogell ( weird voice ) uh...nothing . not fogell ... ( whisper ) shut up , moscovitch . you do not know I . moscovitch ( knowingly ) oh , oh . cool , cool . good luck . he put he head down and quickly walk away . he arrive at the beer and cooler section . clearly intimidate , he slowly open a beer fridge . he grab one beer attach to a six - pack and pull it forward . the beer come loose in he hand as the other five fall to the ground , crack on impact , and spraying beer all over the place . fogell scramble to stop the beer from spraying , but soon find that it be impossible . fogell fuck . a clerk approach fogell . clerk be there a problem , sir ? fogell umm , nope , no problem whatsoever . clerk ( point to the beer on the floor ) Sir , do you do this ? on the floor ? fogell ( beat ) no . ( beat ) I think it happen before . fogell be stand in a puddle of beer with beer spray all over he leg , hold a can of beer . ( continued ) 39 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 clerk be you sure ? fogell I think I would know , thank you . fogell walk away . int . liquor store - later 53 53 fogell have a shopping cart fill with booze . he get in line to pay . he look ahead to the old - looking guy ( 35 ) who be currently at the cashier ( woman ) pay . cashier um , yes , may I please see some id ? old - looking guy no problem . heh . I have not be id - ed in year . cashier anyone who look under thirty - five . the guy look through he wallet . fogell nervously watch . ext . liquor store - continuous 54 54 Seth and Evan peek through one of the store 's front window . seth it 's a good id , right ? Mike snider never have a problem . it 's fine . right ? evan calm down . ( beat ) do you remember a condom ? seth you bring a condom ? evan yeah , I figure , you know , might as well . I bring one of that little thing of spermicidal lube too . he take they out of he pocket . seth you asshole ! you laugh in my face when I say we would be have sex tonight . ( continued ) 40 . 54 continued : 54 evan it do not mean you should not be prepare . you do not even bring one ? seth no . that be not the plan ! we have a plan ! I can not believe you do that without even consulting I about it ! evan I do not really even understand what you plan be . seth I be gonna go down on she for , like , hour . she will love that . she will want to go out with that . evan yeah , but I figure there 's no harm in bring just one little condom . seth and one little bottle of spermicidal lube . that 's nut . you can not let she know you bring that ! this girl be 18 , not dry up old lady . they be ready to go . evan Fine . I will not bring the lube . int . liquor store - continuous 55 55 fogell push he stuff up to the cashier . she look at he kind of funny . fogell hello ... ( read name tag ) mindy . she ring up a six pack of budweiser . fogell ( cont 'd ) oh , I love that stuff . be drink it for year . I hear they recently decide to start add more hop . fogell just nod kind of proud of himself . she stop ringing stuff up and look at he . ( continued ) 41 . 55 continued : 55 cashier umm , okay sir , I be gonna need to see some id . fogell identification ? ext . liquor store - continuous 56 56 Seth and Evan be still lean against the window . evan do you think I could get helen to do some kind of long distance thing ? Seth look as if he see something in the distance . he stand upright . seth Holy shit ! it 's cary hutchin ! evan I have not see she since she switch school . seth she have the biggest tit in the universe . down the block there be a girl walk a dog . evan I hear she have breast-reduction surgery . her tit must be crazy perfect now . seth I gotta see this bastard . let 's check `em out . Seth and Evan run off towards the girl . seth ( cont 'd ) man , I be gonna pretend to trip and grab `em . ( beat ) I hope they have heal . CUT back to : int . liquor store - continuous 57 57 the cashier be still examine the card . she hand it back to fogell . ( continued ) 42 . 57 continued : 57 cashier that come to a total of $ 123.59 a huge smile form on fogell 's face as he pull out a wad of money and hand it to the cashier . she start to gather he change when , suddenly , a big guy run up and punch fogell right in the side of the head !!! fogell fall to the ground . the dude stick he hand in the open register , grab a handful of money and run ! the whole thing be over in a matter of second . fogell be on the ground , daze and confuse . fogell what the hell happen ?! fogell see the distress cashier frantically dial the police . cashier ( breathe hard ) I do not believe it ... I do not believe it .... ext . up the STREET from the liquor store - moment later 58 58 Seth and Evan walk down the street towards the liquor store . evan that be a waste . seth but she fully look way better before . I think when they reduce they , they just kind of reshape they nicer . make they more supple . evan I can not even begin to imagine the justification for make breast smaller . seth it 's like I make my nut saggier . Evan see something in the distance . evan whoa . what 's this ? seth what ? ( continued ) 43. 58 continued : 58 evan check it out ! the cop ! they see a cop car with the light flash park outside the liquor store . Seth and Evan cautiously approach the liquor store and look inside . they see two police talk with the cashier , and fogell be stand right beside they ! evan ( cont 'd ) shit ! they bust fogell ! int . liquor store - continuous 59 59 the two police , officer slater , 30 and experience , and officer michael , 25 and learn , be talk to the cashier . fogell stand beside they , nervous and afraid . officer slater ( to cashier ) so , do he punch anyone else ? cashier ( lose it completely ) I can not do this , okay !?! I tell you , I have a exam tomorrow ! can you understand that ? a goddamn exam ! the cashier break down cry and walk off to the back of the store . the officer look at each other . officer michael apparently , she have a exam . they chuckle . then they turn to fogell . officer slater ( turn to fogell ) so then , son , you be the one that get punch ? fogell look down to he bag of liquor at he foot . then back at the cop . he nod . officer michael we would like to ask you a couple question . the officer each take out a note pad and a pencil . officer michael ( cont 'd ) okay , first thing first . what 's you name ? ( continued ) 44 . 59 continued : 59 fogell look like he heart be about to explode out of he chest . fogell my name , it 's ... it 's .. ( trip over he own word ) mc..mac..laddle ... officer slater micmac what ? fogell no , no I say , " mclovin " . officer michael mclovin ? fogell mclovin . the officer both write down some information . officer slater cool name . and you first name ? fogell look twice as scared . fogell oh ... that 's uh ... a good one ... it 's a... a interesting ...uh... event ... fogell trail off mumble and start to breathe heavily , make a odd noise . behind he , in the window of the store , we see Seth and Evan peek through . ext . liquor store - continuous 60 60 shock , Seth and Evan walk away from the window . Seth start to pace in anger . seth I do not believe this bullshit ! I can not ... this be not happen ! I do not even know you could get arrest for this shit ! we need that fucking liquor ! evan oh my god . be they gonna take he downtown ? seth fuck fogell ! he get arrest ! we be on we own . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . 60 continued : 60 seth ( cont 'd ) we need a new way of get liquor . ( realize ) aaahhh !! the money ! fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! how much money can you get ? evan what be you talk about ? money ? what about fogell ? seth that do not matter anymore . I just lose a hundred dollar of Jules ' money ! evan we have to help he ! seth help he ? what be we gonna do ? bust he out of jail ? I do not even know where jail be ! what we need be the alcohol , which be impossible because we do not have any fuck money ! Seth step into the driveway lead to the parking lot . evan fine. just ... calm down . we need to think . we need to think . seth fuck think ! we need to act ! suddenly , a car pull out of the lot go 10 mph and knock Seth down !!! int . liquor store - continuous 61 61 the cop be still talk to fogell . he look completely flustered . he 's lose he composure . officer slater okay , you name be just mclovin , there 's no need to get irrational . in the background ( not in the view of fogell and the cop ) we see driver of the car , a shady - look guy in a hockey jersey , get out of he car and walk over to where Seth be lie , apologize frantically . officer michael a lot of people have strange name this day . ( continued ) 46 . 61 continued : 61 officer slater I once arrest a man-lady who be legally name " Pearl necklace . " fogell it 's just ... I change my name . I be go to be a singer . r&amp ; B. officer michael Fine . that 's not illegal . officer slater and , how old be you mclovin ? fogell look down at the bag of booze again . fogell Old enough . officer slater Old enough for what ? officer michael can I see you id ? fogell um...okay ... fogell take he shaking , sweaty hand , stick it in he pocket , and pull out he fake id . he slowly hand it over to Officer slater . the cop both look at it , then fogell . bead of sweat be run down fogell 's face . in the background , Seth pop up and start kick the guy 's car out of anger . Evan and the driver both restrain Seth . officer slater you be a organ donor ? fogell what ? officer slater I do not want to be one but my wife insisted . officer michael just like a woman . even after you be dead , they want to tear you heart out . the officer start laugh . fogell be shocked . they hand back the id . ( continued ) 47 . 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 fogell look . I be really sorry , but I do not really have any information . I do not really see he . his fist hit here . fogell point at he giant black eye . officer michael be you in a hurry or something ? fogell uh , yeah ... kinda . I kinda have to catch a bus . officer slater where be you go ? fogell umm ... near thirteenth and granville . officer slater we will take you there , get you information on the way . sit tight . fogell be completely dumbfounded . ext . liquor store - continuous 62 62 the driver be plead with Seth and Evan . driver I be so sorry , man ! I be so sorry ! I do not see you at all . be you okay ? be you okay ? I be sorry , man . look , what can I do ? be you okay ? the driver glance at the cop car . driver ( cont 'd ) I mean , please do not report I , we can figure this out , okay ? seth why would not I report you ? driver because I will do anything ! please ! anything ! what can I do ? seth you have any money ? ( continued ) 48 . 62 continued : 62 evan ( quietly to Seth ) what be you do ? driver ( beat ) Fine . just take it . the driver reach into he pocket and hand Seth some money . Seth look at it . it 's seven dollar . seth what be this ? this be not enough . Seth stuff the money in he pocket . driver it 's all I have . seth well , you just come from the liquor store , give we you liquor . driver I do not get any . they be not let anyone in . they be arrest someone or something . seth well , they will be arrest somebody else if you do not do something quick . ow ! my shoulder ! it 's kill I . Seth , act poorly , pretend he 's way more hurt than he be . driver no ! wait ! okay , you want alcohol ? I can get you alcohol . I be on my way to this party right now . there 's gonna be ton of liquor . I will definitely get you plenty . seth you better . evan whoa , whoa , whoa . hold on . come here . Seth go over to Evan . evan ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ( continued ) 49 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 seth what ? Jules ' money be go , fogell 's out , we have get no other option . let 's go . evan I do not .... I do not like this idea at all . I be just not feel it . that guy 's fuck creepy . just look at he . they look at the Driver , who be stare at Evan with a dumb expression on he face . driver ( to Evan ) you know a guy name Jimmy , perchance ? Cause you totally look like he brother . seth he 's a idiot . and he 's we only hope . come on , do not break you promise to helen . ext . liquor store - moment later 63 63 the Driver 's car pull away with Seth and Evan sit in the back seat . a few moment later , the cop walk out with fogell right behind they carry the bag of liquor . officer slater ( to fogell ) man , that lady just would not stop cry , huh ? and you be the one that get punch . do you hear she say she have a exam tomorrow ? boo-fuckin' - hoo . be I right ? fogell ( afraid ) heh. good one . officer micheal could we have take she in ? just to scare the shit out of she ? officer slater hah . probably could have find a way . but a good general rule be only take people in you want to ride with . and whiny bitch do not make that cut . the cop chuckle as they all get in the cop car . 50 . int . driver be car - continuous 64 64 Seth and Evan sit in the back seat . the Driver be in the front . driver one of you bros could have sit up here with I . there be a awkward silence , when suddenly Seth start to wriggle in discomfort . seth aaah ! Seth fish he cell phone out of he pocket and look at it . seth ( cont 'd ) 875-6611 ? ( think ) Holy shit ... Seth answer the phone . seth ( cont 'd ) Jules ! what 's the hap ? driver who be it ? intercut with : int . jule house - continuous 65 65 there be six girl pass two beer in a circle while dance blissfully to crappy 80s music . jule Seth ! where be you ? seth Jules ! I just get in a cab and I be go to the liquor store as we speak . jule awesome . I can not wait for you to get here . a huge smile sweep across Seth 's face . seth really ? ( continued ) 51 . 65 continued : 65 jule yeah . it look like it could actually be a great party . I think , like , ton of people might show up . I hope they do not trash my house . seth well , if they want to do that they be go to have to get through I . jule so I guess I do not have to worry then . I will see you soon . Seth hang up the phone , completely elate . seth she call , man ! that 's insane ! she 's practically begging for it . she say , " I can not wait for you to get here . " driver that sound like she fully want it . where 's she gonna get it from , huh , my man ? Seth and Evan be very weird out . ext . STREET in front of party house - night 66 66 the Driver 's car pull up in front of a house . the three get out . evan hey , be you sure that it 's cool we be here ? driver oh , definitely . I be essentially best friend with this guy . a whole bunch of my buddy be come . come on ! the Driver run into the house happily , Seth and Evan follow closely behind . int . house party - continuous 67 67 the boy enter the house and stand by the front door of the huge party . it 's in full swing with all sort of random - look people . nobody be under the age of 25 . evan this be weird . ( continued ) 52 . 67 continued : 67 seth whatever . just act casual . and old . all we gotta do be find the booze and haul ass out of here . as they make they way down a hallway , a few people give they look . int . house party - kitchen 68 68 they enter the kitchen , where Seth spot what they have be look for . there be big bucket of ice fill with beer , cooler , wine , vodka , everything . seth Holy shit ! let 's grab one of this bucket and go . MARK ( o.s. ) what the fuck do you think you be do ? driver ( o.s. ) what , man ? it 's nothing . the guy turn and see that in corner of the kitchen , the Driver , hold a phone , be be yell at by a massive brute , MARK . MARK you call more of you stupid friend again ? ya prick . driver Mark , calm down , okay ? just relax . MARK get the fuck out of my house . driver Mark , come on . what the heck ? do not be a dick . suddenly , Mark grab the Driver by the back of the neck and drag he out of the kitchen , down the front hall and out the door . a group of people follow , include Seth and Evan . ext . house party - continuous 69 69 the Driver get push out of the door and land on the front lawn . Seth and Evan watch from the doorway of the house , a group of people in front of they . ( continued ) 53. 69 continued : 69 driver Mark ! dude ! this be bullshit ! just chi- Mark step on the Driver 's hand . driver ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! fuck ! the Driver take he hand out from under Mark 's foot . he stand up . driver ( cont 'd ) fuck you , man . I will fuck do this ! suddenly , Mark become enraged . he take a big step forward and brutally kick the Driver square in the nut ! the Driver clutches he nut and fall to the ground . MARK Francis , you and you idiot friend stay the away from I and mine or I will flipping shiv you ass ! Mark and he buddy head back in , lead they towards Seth and Evan , who quickly duck back into the party . int . house party - continuous 70 70 the frighten boy walk into one of the first room and hide in the corner . they have a hushed discussion . evan dude , let 's slip out the back . seth why ? come on , we be here . let 's just hurry up and do this . evan you want to end up like that guy ? not I , I need my nut . seth we need this liquor ! evan you need it ! I do not need it . I be go to tell helen I like she , and then maybe she will get with I ; not after I get she stinking drunk . ( continued ) 54 . 70 continued : 70 seth then why have not you ever make a move , you pussy ? evan because I respect she ! I be not go to put that kind of unfair pressure on she . seth this be not girl , they be woman ! they need we dick as much as we need they poon - and we all love liquor , so where 's the fuck beef ?! evan we be leave , okay ? this guy could kill we . you want to get kill for liquor ? seth you be really gonna bail on I ?! evan ( roll eye ) Jesus ... Evan walk out the door . seth okay , okay ... if that 's how you be go to be , then I will get the booze on my own . and you be not get any . and neither be helen ! Seth storm off . int . cop car - continuous 71 71 fogell sit in the backseat . the cop be in the front . there be silence for a few beat . fogell um...hey ...uh , officer . I could answer that , uh , question now if you want . officer slater we get the gist of it . you be buy some beer , some guy come in and rob the place . I do not think we be gonna find `em this time . the officer start to chuckle . ( continued ) 55 . 71 continued : 71 fogell it be only one guy . officer slater only one guy ? well , fuck that . we could never catch one guy . officer michael you see , mclovin , if it be two guy , we would have twice the chance of catch one of they . but just one guy ? I mean , how be we suppose to find one guy in this whole city ? officer slater yeah , mclovin . you know how many people there be in this city ? I have trouble find people I know . fogell be not you guy suppose to be train or something ? do not you have a computer ? officer slater yeah , that stuff can help , but if someone walk up to I on the street , and be like , " hey , find Bob . " well , how the hell be I suppose to do that ? fogell who 's Bob ? officer slater exactly . if I do not know who he be , then how be I suppose to know where he be ? officer michael when you be new to the force , like I be - officer slater only six month in . ( proudly ) I get two and a half year under my belt . officer michael you learn a lot of crazy stuff . for example - the car radio go off . ( continued ) 56 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 radio we have a 245 at East 24 and Montgomery . it 's Bailey 's bar and Grill . car 43 , respond please . slater pick up the receiver . officer slater ten-four . ( hang up ) Nice . ya see , michael , when ever there 's a call for a bar , you take it . officer michael good fuck call , sir . they chuckle . officer slater hey , mclovin . we get a situation at Bailey 's . we have to see to that , but we will drop you off right after . okay ? fogell um...okay ... Michael 's hit the siren and they drive off . int . house party - kitchen . - continuous 72 72 Seth be look in the fridge , which be full of beer . a enormous guy nudge Seth aside and stick he arm in . enormous guy hey Mark , you want another beer ? Seth quickly walk away from the fridge and go down the hall . int house party - dancing room 73 73 Seth enter a room of people dance to hip -hop . he notice all the girl be drink Mike 's hard lemonade , and then locate a cooler full of it across the dance area . he try to make he way through the sea of dance . a hot , sorority - type woman drunk out off she ass dance over to he and start grind against he leg . he do not know how to react so he just go with it , bumpin ' and grindin ' with the girl . 57 . ext . alley - continuous 74 74 Evan be walk down a alley , mad as hell , when , suddenly , he jump up and start squirming . evan whaa ! what the ...oh .. he take out he vibrate cell phone and look at the caller name ... it 's helen . evan ( cont 'd ) oh dude . oh dude . oh dude . he look intensely at the cell as it continue vibrate . evan ( cont 'd ) okay . okay . here we go ... he press talk . helen ( o.s. ) ( through the phone with horrible static ) Eva ...lo ................. evan helen ? helen ?!? the phone cut out . Evan see that he have no reception . he look back at the party , then at he cell phone . he shake he head and turn back towards the party . ext . bailey' bar and grill - continuous 75 75 the cop and fogell get out of the car and walk towards the Bailey 's . they stop before they enter . officer slater alright mclovin , this will only take a few minute . just grab a beer at the bar and we will be do before you know it . fogell ( a little scared ) well ... what 's goin ' on in there ? the officer chuckle as they lead fogell into the bar . int . bailey' bar and grill - continuous 76 76 as they enter the bar they immediately see a drunken , craze homeless guy scream at a bar tender . ( continued ) 58 . 76 continued : 76 homeless guy everywhere ?!? you do not see I pissin ' anywhere !!! fogell quickly sit at the bar by the entrance to the kitchen . officer slater alright , michael . I have get you back . show this rummy how we roll . Officer michael walk up to the homeless guy . officer michael Excuse I ! Sir ! the homeless guy turn and see the cop . homeless guy aaahhhhh !!! he run for the front door ! officer michael resisting ! michael block the door and the homeless guy ram into he , knock he to the ground . officer slater ( sarcastic ) good one , michael ! slater run at the homeless guy and chase he into the dining area . the homeless guy knock over a table , which slater trip over . officer slater ( cont 'd ) fuck ! officer michael ( nervous ) should I shoot he ?!? officer slater no !!! the homeless guy make a mad dash for the kitchen , and fogell be the only one in he way ! officer michael stop he , mclovin !!! ( continued ) 59 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 fogell ahhh !!! the homeless guy ram straight into he and knock both of they onto the kitchen floor !!! int . bailey' bar and grill - kitchen - continuous 77 77 the kitchen staff watch in awe as the homeless guy wrestle fogell on the ground . fogell ow !!! please ! stop , you fuck bum !!! the homeless guy get up , grab fogell and hurl he into a rack of trays ! he then turn to run , but slip on a wet spot and slam he head against the ground ! the cop burst into the room to find fogell panting on he knee with the homeless guy unconscious on the floor . officer michael mclovin ! Nice ! officer slater I be buy you a beer , mclovin ! int . house party - dancing room - continuous 69 69 a r&amp ; B slow jam play as a exuberant Seth , a Mike 's hard lemonade in one hand and the woman 's ass in the other as the dance become increasingly sexual . as the song end , the woman move on . Seth glance at the cooler and see one more Mike 's hard . he grab it and put it in he pocket . the bulge be apparent . extremely pleased with himself , int . house party - adjacent room 79 79 Seth walk into the adjacent room . there be a bunch of guy chill on the couch , who all look at Seth oddly as he enter . seth hey , wut up ? the guy just nod at Seth and continue to look at he strangely . guy 1 what be that ? be that red wine ? ( continued ) 60 . 79 continued : 79 think he 's bust , Seth quickly cover the bulge in he pocket . seth uh...no . what ? I do not know what you be talk about . guy 1 that shit you spill all over yourself , idiot . seth ( sincere ) I do not spill anything on myself . Seth check himself to see what the guy be refer to . seth ( cont 'd ) oh shit . on Seth 's upper thigh there be a red splotch about the size of a palm of a hand . seth ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? guy 1 oh my lord . you be just dance in there , right ? seth yeah , so ? the guy all burst out laugh . guy 1 it 's fuck blood . seth why would I get blood on my leg from --- ( beat of realization ) oh shit ! the guy start laugh even harder . seth ( cont 'd ) some girl period on my fuck leg ! guy 2 I have never see that before in my life . Seth poke at the splotch . ( continued ) 61 . 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 seth that be disgusting . guy 1 get up as Seth try to cover up the mess with he shirt . guy 1 I gotta show this to Bill . seth who 's Bill ? do not show Bill ! no ! I can not believe this be happen ! guy 2 we should find who do it . seth this be un- fuck - believable . I have to look good tonight ! guy 2 who would you dance with ? seth who give a shit ? fuck ! this be not even my pants ! int . house party - another room 80 80 guy 1 bring six more guy , include the enormous guy , into the room . he point out the stain Seth 's pants . all the guy burst out laugh . embarrass and fearful of the attention , Seth start make he way out of the room . seth yeah . it 's really funny , huh ? yuk it up , asshole . Seth work he way through another room full of people , shield the splotch as best as he can . party dude dude ! check it out ! that guy 's have he period ! another group of people turn and laugh . party girl he look about the right age ! seth ( to himself ) I gotta clean this shit . ( continued ) 62 . 80 continued : 80 he see a long line of people stand if front of the bathroom door . he spot a staircase and run down into the basement . int . house party - basement - continuous 81 81 Seth enter the empty basement . he see a sink and run over to it and turn on the water . ext . house party - continuous 82 82 Evan nervously walk back into the house to look for a telephone . int . bailey' bar and grill - continuous 83 83 the cop , fogell , and the unconscious homeless guy each sit at the bar with a corona in front of they . slater 's radio go off . radio Calling all unit , armed and dangerous man in the vicinity of - click . slater turn he radio down , ignore the call . officer michael so anyways , we leave the bar , I be charmin ' she pants off tell she storey of shoot - out and shit . fogell you have be in shoot-out ! officer michael nope . officer slater mclovin , all we do be bonk homeless people on the head . you be practically a cop now . officer michael so I pull up in front of she house and she ask I to come inside for some coffee . of course , I say yes . officer slater oh shit . ( continued ) 63. 83 continued : 83 officer michael oh shit . so we go into the kitchen . I start take off my clothes , she fuck flip , start scream at I , and I be like " can not have coffee without cream . " oh !!! right ? I fuck say that . then , she slap I , throw I out . I be tell you mclovin , stay out of bar . fogell hey , you do not need to tell I . officer michael so , yeah , you gotta look in different place . the gym , a art class , you know , shit like that . officer slater I meet the missus at paint ball . can you believe that ? I shot she in the neck , and we just hit it off . and my first wife -- who be a whore -- where do you think we meet ? a bar . fogell I do not know . I find they be always good for a little quick ass . the cop laugh . officer slater I bet I know you trick , mclovin . you do the whole mysterious guy thing , right ? officer michael yeah mclovin , how 's it go with the lady ? fogell think for a moment , he be feel rather comfortable . fogell well , officer , it 's not the go with the lady I care about , it 's the come . the cop and fogell burst out laugh . officer slater oh ! mclovin in the house ! he see that the cop clearly like he ; he confidence level increase , he take a chance . ( continued ) 64 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 fogell so ... you guy get gun , huh ? the officer glance at each other as sinister smile creep across they face . officer slater yeah . we get gun . officer michael I have not have one for long , but , man , let I tell you - it 's like have two dick . fogell can i...can I hold one ? you gun ? michael and slater look to each other . officer michael I mean , if we take the bullet out ? officer slater yeah . why not ? slater pull out he gun and take out the clip . officer slater ( cont 'd ) here . fogell take the unload gun and flop it back and forth in he hand , a huge smile gleam . fogell wow . I have never hold one . be they hard to shoot ? officer slater if you be michael they be . he can not shoot worth dick . officer michael fuck you , old man . I could out - shoot you with my sack tuck between my leg . officer slater only one way to settle this . fogell ( incredibly excited ) you guy be go to shoot something , right ? 65 . int . house party basement - continuous 84 84 Seth be scrubbing at the mark on he thigh , but it 's not do much . he stop for a moment to take a breather as he look around the basement . he spot a fridge in the corner and walk over to it . as he open it , a look of awe sweep across he face . every shelf be completely fill with beer . seth Jesus 's tit ! he grab as many bottle as he can and start stick they in he pocket , when he notice two large jug of detergent next to the washer . he think for a moment , then begin to empty out the detergent jug . int . house party - continuous 85 85 Evan peer into a vacant room and see a telephone . he nervously enter and pick up the phone . he dial . intercut with : int . cab - continuous 86 86 helen be in a cab with becca , she best -friend , and two other girl . they be a little do up and really giggly . hele n 's cell phone start ringing . she hush the other girl as she answer she phone . helen hello ? becca be it he ? helen ( whisper to the girl ) shut up . evan hey ! helen . hi. I have bad reception . be you at the party ? helen no , I be in a cab . I will be there soon . be you still come ? evan yeah , definitely . um , about you goldschlager ... ( continued ) 66 . 86 continued : 86 Evan can hear all the girl goof around and giggle . helen ( whisper to the girl ) shut up . evan what 's go on there ? helen oh , nothing , I just want to make sure you be still come , you know , and that you do not get catch up at a cocktail party or some club . evan nope . I be gonna be there . helen well , I can not wait to see you . evan I think it 's go to be a real fun ... event . helen okay . bye . int . house party vacant room - continuous 87 87 Evan hang up the phone . a huge smile cross he face . as he turn around to exit , five older , unbelievably drunk dude wander into the room . dude 1 they be go to kill that guy , man . that bitch 's boyfriend be so piss . dude 2 yeah . and he 's a beast . they start pour a baggy of coke on the table when one of they notice Evan stand in the corner . dude 3 hey ! be it you ? be you the guy ? the kid with the splotch on he crotch ? Evan glance down at he crotch . he be confuse and horrify . evan no . what splotch - ( continued ) 67 . 87 continued : 87 dude 2 I know you ! guy ! I know that guy , he be at that party with I . dude 4 who 's he ? dude 2 he 's Jimmy 's brother . the dude with the crazy rap , the one I tell you about ! they draw the coke into line as Evan slowly head for the door . evan oh no , that 's not I either . wrong guy , man . sorry . dude 3 get up and block the door . dude 3 no . no , that 's you , man . you be fully Jimmy 's brother ! you be just so mess up you can not remember . evan trust I , man . that be not I . I do not even listen to rap . dude 3 it be you ! I know it ! come on ! Rap ! I have be tell this guy about you . just give they one rap . come on . rap. rap. they start do the line of coke . Evan be very afraid . int . house party basement - moment later 88 88 Seth be finish pour the beer bottle into the second detergent jug . there be about thirty empty beer bottle lay around Seth . he tighten the cap , pick up the two detergent jug , and head upstairs . int . house party - live room - continuous 89 89 Seth emerge from the basement and head towards the front door . seth I do it man . peace out - tro. he 's inch away from the front door , when suddenly - ( continued ) 68 . 89 continued : 89 guy 1 there ! that 's the guy ! Seth turn and see Mark , the guy who assault the Driver , walk towards he . he notice Mark have a splotch on he leg , too . seth hey ! you get one , too ! we be blood brother . MARK shut it , you little shitter ! what the hell be you do dance with jacinda ? horrify , Seth scramble for excuse . seth I ... I do not dance with she ! I do not even dance ! never even try it ! MARK ( point at Seth 's splotch ) then where do that come from , asshole ? seth I do not know . maybe I and you rubbed up against each other at some point . how be I suppose to know ? int . house party - vacant room - continuous 90 90 the coke - up dude be watch Evan intensely . they be completely loving he rapping , completely into it . Evan be struggle . evan ... cause , yo ! bitches and gat , bitch and gat , what do all of we 's get ? dude bitches and gat ! evan when we steal all the money ? dude bitches and gat ! ( continued ) 69 . 90 continued : 90 evan yo ! I kill the whore of vice City with my magnum 9 / take out the punk pig with my glok design / drink a fifth of hennessy and get benign / fuck all the bitch with they ass fine the dude ( cheer ) oh !!! some guy burst into the room . some guy dude ! look like a fight ! dude 3 do a line of coke and they all get up together and charge out of the room . int . house party - live room - continuous 91 91 there be a crowd gather around Seth and Mark . the enormous guy and Mark 's friend be gather beside Mark . seth I swear to God it be not I ! Evan and the four dude who be do coke walk into the room . Evan be shocked to see Seth at the center of so much commotion . Mark notice the detergent bottle in Seth 's hand . MARK and what the fuck be this ? seth it 's nothing . it 's detergent . MARK yeah . and what be you do with it ? seth I ...uh , I get blood on my pants . Mark see the bottle of mike' hard lemonade in Seth 's pocket and take it out . he look at it , then look at Seth with a look of death . seth ( cont 'd ) I bring they from home . suddenly , Mark violently shove Seth and throw the beer bottle at he face !!! Seth hold up a detergent jug and deflect the beer bottle . ( continued ) 70 . 91 continued : 91 it fly towards Evan , who duck , and nail dude 1 in the head , glass explode everywhere !!! dude 1 aaahhhhhhh !!! fuck !!! dude 1 clutches he bloody head as the other dude charge at Mark ! a full on brawl break out ! everyone start fight ! two of the dude beat on the enormous guy . they throw he into Evan . dude 3 hold he ! evan what ? dude 2 hold he !!! Evan reluctantly hold the enormous guy up as the two dude pound on he . angle on : Seth , cower in the corner Mark run at Seth and be about to punch he , when suddenly dude 1 tackle he onto the kitchen island ! Seth turn and face Mark 's girlfriend , jacinda . jacinda you motherfucker ! she grab a lamp , still plugge in , and swing it at Seth . she hit he square in the chest and the light bulb explode ! seth ahh !!! jacinda you ruin my birthday !!! you humiliate I !!! seth you be the one who use my leg as a tampon ! she charge at he again , arm flail . Seth scurries around the room , shield the blow with the detergent bottle . Evan throw the enormous guy to the ground and run . Evan back off , spot Seth , and follow he out of the party . 71 . ext house party 92 92 as Seth and Evan run up the block together , jacinda talk into she cell phone . jacinda yeah , fifth and paysview , please hurry ! ext . dark STREET - continuous 93 93 the cop and fogell stand beside the car . the homeless guy be sleep in the back . michael have he gun draw and be carefully aim at a distant stop sign . officer slater you have be say some bold word , my friend . better not mess up . fogell you can do it , officer . blam !!! michael blast off a round , which punch a hole right through the center of the " o " in the stop sign . officer michael boo-yaka-sha !!! suck it , slater . suck my nut . Long , but gentle . fogell yeah ! and eat he ass ! they all laugh hysterically . fogell ( cont 'd ) can I shoot one ? the cop look at each other and shrug . officer slater yeah . sure . here . go nut . slater hand fogell the gun , when suddenly a siren can be hear in the distance get closer . officer michael fuck . the cop ! officer slater let 's bail ! shotgun ! slater grab the gun out of the disappointed fogell 's hand and holster it . they all hop into the car . 72 . int . cop car - continuous 94 94 michael kick it into drive and they peel out . fogell shove the unconscious homeless guy over . officer michael hah , hah ! eat it . so , dude , what do we do now ? suddenly , the car radio go off . radio we get a 257 at fifth and paysview , all unit in the area report to fifth and paysview . car 98 . that 's you . do it . seriously . the cop stop and listen . officer michael son-of-a-bitch . ( pick up radio ) car 98 , ten-four . ( hang up ) ya dumb whore . ha ! fogell what do that mean ? we gonna get to shoot anyone ? officer slater I wish . probably some lame house party . we will drop you off after . cool ? fogell yeah , man . let 's show this fucker how we roll . ext . neighborhood STREET - moment later 95 95 Seth and Evan be run down the sidewalk . they both slow to a stop to catch they breath . the party be nowhere in sight . seth ( wheeze heavily ) ...huff ...hufff ... you fuckin ' prick ... evan what ? seth you...huff ... bail on I ...huff ...man. ( continued ) 73. 95 continued : 95 evan no I do not ! seth of course you do ! we be suppose to do something and you leave instead of do it ! that 's the definition of bail ! evan if you say we should burn we dick off and I do not , that 's not bail ! seth it be bail , if you promise to burn you dick off ! evan what ?! seth the bottom line be you be a bailer . you just bail on I , you bail on I this morning when Terry spat on I , and you be bail on I next year ! evan oh ! okay ! there it be ! it finally come out ! seth we be suppose to go to college together ! since elementary school ! what ever happen to that ! evan what happen to that , be that you be too stupid to get into the school I do ! seth I be not too stupid , I be too lazy ! evan you have waste all my time , you selfish bastard !!! instead of chase girl and make friend , I throw away the last three year talk bullshit with you ! and now , because of you , I be go to college a fuck friendless virgin ! Seth can not believe it . he 's extremely hurt . ( continued ) 74 . 95 continued : ( 2 ) 95 seth get with a girl will not make you any less of a loser next year ! evan you talk to I or yourself ? you fuck loser ! Seth drop one of the tide bottle and shove Evan hard . Evan shove he back . int . cop car - continuous 96 96 michael pound on the keypad of the little cop computer with he fist . officer michael how do they expect we to work this thing while we be drive ? I can not even work my imac while I be sit at my desk . fogell so , like , what do that computer do ? officer slater pretty much anything , if you be smart enough to figure it out . like , who do you really hate ? gimme a name . fogell um ...my french teacher . Mrs. Graham . susette Graham . officer michael can I do it ? slater nod . michael bring she file up , then punch a few button and smile . fogell what do you do ? officer michael tomorrow , Mrs. Graham will have a boot on she car . fogell laugh he ass off . fogell I hate my dad , too ! ( continued ) 75 . 96 continued : 96 officer michael okay . the place should be around here somewhere . mclovin , be the number on that side odd or even ? fogell it 's too dark out . officer slater we get flashlight . slater get he flashlight and point it out the window . officer michael I be not even sure light come out of that thing . I think they be just cool look club . michael and slater start make light saber noise and pretend to fight with they flashlight . ext . neighborhood STREET - continuous 97 97 we see the cop car go down the street . Evan and Seth be a block down , shove each other . int . cop car - continuous 98 98 slater turn and point he flashlight out michael window , accidentally shine the light into he eye . officer michael my eye ! he jerk the wheel . ext . sidewalk - continuous 99 99 Seth swing at Evan with the giant detergent jug . Evan dodge it and shove Seth hard . Seth stumble onto the road and get hit by the cop car !!! Seth fly up onto the hood , smashing the windshield . the car screech to a halt and Seth slide off the front of the car . Seth lie motionless , still hold one of the detergent jug . the cap be knock loose and beer be spilling all over the place . int . cop car - continuous 100 100 everyone in the car be look forward , stunne . they can not see out the front window , as it be shattered . fogell have no clue who the victim be . ( continued ) 76 . 100 continued : 100 officer michael oh shit . shit , shit , shit ! officer slater I do not believe this be happen again . fogell ( frighten ) oh my god ... be he ... be you gonna make sure he 's alright ? officer slater okay , okay , we be gonna get out of the car now . mclovin , you stay right there . officer michael that guy better not be dead . ext . neighborhood STREET - continuous 101 101 the cop get out of the car and walk over to a now sit up Seth . he 's daze , but okay . evan I be sorry ! you push I first . seth I do not push you into fuck oncoming traffic ! the boy notice the cop . officer michael be everyone alright ? seth ( sarcastic ) we be great . officer slater well , you should be careful boy . that 's how accident happen . seth what , when cop drive like maniac and hop the fuck curb ? officer slater ( intimidating ) pardon ? evan nothing . ( continued ) 77 . 101 continued : 101 Evan look like he 's about to shit himself . the cop notice one of the detergent jug in the middle of a puddle of beer . slater dip he finger in rub it against he gum like it be cocaine . officer slater pabst . you boy be do a bit of drink ? evan no officer . not at all . officer slater ( point to the other jug ) be that more beer you get over there ? seth umm , no sir , detergent . officer michael detergent ? seth my clothes be dirty . the cop look at each other , then at the boy . officer michael you boy stay right here . int . cop car - continuous 102 102 fogell anxiously sit in the cop car . he can not see what 's go on through the shattered windshield . ext . neighborhood STREET - continuous 103 103 the cop turn away and start to whisper to one another . Seth and Evan look on , nervous . officer slater alright , michael . the car be completely fuck , and you be the one who fuck it up , so you have get to fix it . officer michael what do I do ? officer slater we arrest this little crap stain and dump it on they , I will take care of that . you go make sure mclovin be good to play ball . this be it , michael . ( more ) ( continued ) 78 . 103 continued : 103 officer slater ( cont 'd ) you wanna hang with the big boy , you gotta get you hand dirty . you cool ? officer michael yeah , I be cool . the cop nod to each other . michael go back to the car and get in . slater walk back over to the boy . he put he hand on he gun and pull out he club , scare the shit out of Evan and Seth . officer slater get on the ground . now ! spread you shit ! Evan and Seth lie down on they stomach and spread they arm and leg out , terrify . evan puh ... please do not shoot . officer slater ( mock ) puh - puh - please shut the fuck up ! int . cop car - continuous 104 104 Officer michael be sit in the driver 's seat . fogell be the guy alright ? officer michael what ? oh , yeah , the guy be fine . michael look back at the homeless guy , who look a little bit more awake than before . officer michael ( cont 'd ) be you awake , sir ? the guy start to open he eye a little . michael grab the guy 's face and slam it back , knock he out again . fogell jump a little . officer micheal I be sorry , mclovin . but I really need this to be a private thing . Officer michael take out two cigarettes , and give one to fogell , who accept , quivering in fear . michael light he , then pass the lighter to fogell . ( continued ) 79 . 104 continued : 104 officer micheal ( cont 'd ) listen mclovin , you ... like ... Officer slater and myself , do not you ? fogell try to light he cigarette . it take a few try and he start hack after the first pull . fogell ( cough ) umm , yeah , sure . you guy be great . officer michael yeah , well , we be also on probation . you see , we have actually trash two other car . the first time be not we fault , and the second time a bee fly in and I freak out . Point be , we trash another car , without a good reason , we be fuck . know what I be say ? fogell continue to painfully suck back on the cigarette . fogell sure . officer michael now , we be go to arrest this guy , and if you do not mind , which you should not , we would like you to write a fake witness report say they jump out in front of we car . cool , mclovin ? fogell nod he head , get some of he cigarette smoke in he eye . he wince and start to blink in discomfort . ext . neighborhood STREET - continuous 105 105 slater stand above the boy . officer slater how tall be you ? evan uh ... I do not know , five - foot - ten , eleven ? officer slater and you say that be " pumas ? " Seth nod . Officer michael and fogell get out of the car . Seth and Evan see fogell and stare in shock as he take a drag of a cigarette and then flick it aside . ( continued ) 80 . 105 continued : 105 michael pull slater aside and mumble into he ear . fogell turn and see Seth and Evan - he 's completely dumbfounded ! Evan start to look really nervous , like he might literally explode . he start to stand up . the cop be still talk when suddenly , Evan bolt ! officer michael shit ! the cop run after Evan ! Seth and fogell look at each other . Seth grab the remain detergent jug and run off in the opposite direction of Evan ! fogell reach into the cop car , grab the bag of booze , and follow Seth . fogell Seth ! wait up ! Officer slater look back to see Seth and fogell run . officer slater shit ! shit! mclovin bail ! the cop run back into they car . int . cop car - continuous 106 106 they can not see out of the shattered windshield . officer slater fuck ! ext . STREET with cop car - continuous 107 107 the cop get out of the car and run off after Seth and fogell . as they run , we see the homeless guy slump out of the car , landing on he face with a muffle groan . he stand up , grab the jug of detergent that be leave on the ground , and run off . ext . neighborhood STREET - continuous 108 108 fogell and a exhaust Seth be run together . Seth grab fogell and take he around a house and towards a backyard . a second later , the cop run by the house and continue up the block . ext . back yard - moment later 109 109 Seth and fogell sprint across a big , dark backyard . Seth look back to see if they be be follow ... boom ! ( continued ) 81 . 109 continued : 109 he run smack into a little red tent and trip onto it ! kide inside the tent start scream as flashlight turn on . kide ( hysterical ) help / it 's a monster ! / daddy ! fogell help Seth get up . they try to run , but Seth be catch on the tent ! he drag it a couple foot as the kid start claw to get out . kide ( cont 'd ) aaahhhhhh !!!!!!!!!! the zipper open and a kid hop out . the kid look at Seth . kid ahhh !!! no !!! daddy !!!! fogell Holy shit ! Little kid !!! a little girl run out and book it into the house . from inside the tent , another kid start kick at Seth . seth ow ! Seth manage to free himself from the tent and he and fogell fall to the ground . the kid continue to scream . father ( o.s. ) get away from my child ! the guy turn and see a craze , slightly overweight father in he underwear run at they with a baseball bat . fogell and Seth scramble to they foot as the dad take a swing at they , narrowly miss they . father ( cont 'd ) you sick son -of-bitch ! fogell throw he shoulder into the guy , knock he down . Seth and fogell run to the backyard gate and try to open it . they can not . fogell help ! fogell start bang as Seth look back to see the dad come for they . Seth swing the detergent jug at the Father , knock he on he ass . he quickly get up and charge , enraged . ( continued ) 82. 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 fogell ( cont 'd ) aaaahhh !!!! fogell get the door open and the two boy run into the alley . CUT to : ext . alley - continuous 110 110 they sprint down the alley . Seth cough and wheeze , slow down as he lug the detergent . the Father enter the alley and see the boy run . he throw he baseball bat . it sail through the air and nail Seth in the back ! he fall . seth arggg ! he get up and the keep run . ext . STREET corner - continuous 111 111 slater and michael , completely out of breath , desperately scan the area for the boy . officer slater stupid little bastard . officer michael maybe I should fire a shot ? scare `em out ? ext . inside some bushes - continuous 112 112 Evan be nestle inside a large bush , frantically try to reverse he clothes so as to disguise himself . he keep look out for the cop , when suddenly he hear a gunshot - blam !!! evan ( to himself , mumble ) oh god . oh god . fuck. fuck. as he fumble to turn he jacket inside out and get it on , he see Seth and fogell run towards he . he pop out of the bush , scare fogell and Seth . fogell seth ahh ! Jesus ! evan ( cont 'd ) should I run !?! ( continued ) 83. 112 continued : 112 seth Fucking run ! they all run off down the street . ext MAIN STREET 113 113 they turn a corner at the end of the block and continue run . they turn onto a main street and be exuberant at the sight of a oncoming bus . it stop at a nearby stop . they haul ass and make it on . int . bus - continuous 114 114 out of breath , the boy dig up change and put it in the toll box , then walk towards the back of the bus . homeless guy ( o.s. ) hey ! it 's you ! fogell look up and see the homeless guy stumbling towards they , suck back the bottom of the lose detergent bottle . the homeless guy see they have bag full of booze . homeless guy ( cont 'd ) you get booze in the bag ? can you gimme some ? seth no ! fuck off ! you already drank we detergent beer ! homeless guy that be beer ?! ( to fogell ) well , you little shit ... be not get no cop people to help you keep you booze ... gimme it ... the homeless nutcase reach for the booze . Seth step in front of he . seth back off , or we will kick the shit out of you ! evan we can not do that . he 's homeless . ( continued ) 84 . 114 continued : 114 seth so ? who care ? just because he do not have a home do not mean he can be a lunatic ! homeless guy give I the booze ! the guy shove Seth aside and dive at fogell . we go into very slow motion : - helen 's bottle of goldschlager get knock from the bag . it very slowly fall towards the ground . - Seth reach for it , but do not quite grab it . - we loudly hear the bottle as it slam against the bus floor ... but do not break ! it slowly rise back up into the air and begin sailing towards the front of the bus . - Evan leap through the air , sailing towards the precious goldschlager with he arm extend . evan ( in slo - mo voice ) goooooooldschlllaaaaaaagerrrrrrrrrr !!!!! - he be inch away from grab it , when it suddenly smashes into a pole , shatter , send little gold flake everywhere . back to normal . the homeless guy see the gold flake . homeless guy shit !!! gold !!! he start frantically pick up the flake as Evan stare at the remain , shocked . fogell walk over . fogell what the hell be go on ? where do you come from ? bus driver ( call from front ) get the fuck off the bus or I be call the cop !!! the boy look at each other terrify , and get off the bus . 85 . ext . bus - continuous 115 115 Seth and Evan be look at one another coldly as the bus pull away . fogell look at some nearby street sign . fogell ( ecstatic ) Holy shit ! we be like three block away ! best luck ever ! ext . STREET near jule ' party - a little later 116 116 the be walk up the street as Evan put he clothes back on right - side out . ext . jule ' party - moment later 117 117 the guy walk up the front step of Jules ' house . they stand in front of the door . fogell fuck yeah , guy . we make it . together and safe . evan I can not believe helen 's bottle break . fogell I be sure it will be fine . seth ( sarcastic ) what 's the difference ? I think you do not need it anyways . I think you be just go to tell she how you feel , you fuck pussy . evan yeah ? well , good luck get jule 's drunk enough to have sex with you . fogell what 's wrong with you guy ? seth shut up , fogell . never mind . Evan will tell you next year . fogell ( to Evan ) you tell he ? Evan stare fogell down . ( continued ) 86 . 117 continued : 117 seth told I what ? fogell well we have to tell he now . evan fuck , fogell ! you be a god damn idiot . fogell well , he know something 's up . seth just say it ! evan shit . ( beat ) Seth , I and fogell be rooming together next year . fogell I do not even get what the big deal be , to be honest . evan I do not tell you because - seth save that shit for later . we have get shit to do . Seth just go into the house with the booze , leave fogell and Evan . fogell we never should have have to hide we arrangement . int . jule ' house - kitchen - continuous 118 118 the party be in full swing . there be loud music blaring and nearly a hundred people talk , dance , and smoking . jule Seth ! everyone , he 's here ! he 's get it ! everyone turn around and see the Seth hold all the liquor . random guy he 's get a shit load of booze !!! ( continued ) 87 . 117 continued : ( 2 ) 117 everyone start cheer ! Seth set it out on the kitchen table ; it be a impressive array of inebriate . seth the bar be open ! everyone ( ecstatically cheer ) yeah Seth !/ clutch !/nice !/ I can not believe it !/ Seth do that ?!/ who the fuck be Seth ? in the background , we see Evan and fogell wander into the party as Jules approach Seth . jule this be awesome . thank you so much . seth sorry it be late . jule yeah . to be honest , people be start to get seriously piss off . listen , I have get to go tell everyone the drink be here . do not go anywhere . promise ? seth I will be right here . Jules walk off . int . jule ' kitchen - moment later 119 119 ton of kid pour themselves drink . Seth and about six other kid all have overflow shot of jaeger . seth to Jules ! everyone drink and recoil from the taste . a random guy refill everyone 's shot glass . random guy ( point to Seth ) another one , but to you , man ! everyone , to this guy ! who the fuck be you , man ? seth ( exuberant ) Seth ! ( continued ) 88. 119 continued : 119 random guy to Seth ! everyone to Seth ! they all drink . seth hey ! let 's do another one to I ! everyone laugh as Seth , very pleased with himself , start refilling shot glass . ext . jule backporch - continuous 120 120 Evan walk out onto the back porch , look for helen . he see becca . evan becca ! hey . becca where have you be , you almost blow it . evan what ? becca helen . she 's be wait for you . she 's right over there . she 's be yammer about you all night . evan what ? what do she say ? do she think I be a good guy ? what do she say ? becca it be something like , " I will fully blow he tonight . " evan what ?!? Evan look over and see helen stand on the balcony with a big group of people . he get really nervous . evan ( cont 'd ) oh man . this be too much . oh god . what do I do ? I lose the goldschlager I be suppose to bring she ! ( continued ) 89 . 120 continued : 120 becca well , jordana steal a bottle of tequila from she parent and she and helen have be go at it . I think she will be fine in that department . I would just go over there and invite she upstairs , pronto . evan what ? oh man ... ( so nervous ) but ... she 's totally hammer . if I get with she , and I be not drunk , be not that , like , date rape ? becca it 's not date rape if you be drunk , too . evan I guess . Evan look at helen and take a deep breath . int . jule bathroom - moment later 121 121 Evan enter the bathroom and slam the door shut , a bottle of ouzo in one hand and a beer in the other . he look at himself in the mirror , seem as though he 's on the verge of a full - on panic attack . evan ( panting ) calm down , Evan . she like you . she want to suck on you penis . that 's a good thing . he open the ouzo and smell it , recoil in disgust . evan ( cont 'd ) down the hatch . Evan take a mighty swig , then gag and spit it out , spraying it everywhere . int . jule ' den / dine room - continuous 122 122 fogell sit bored in front of the tv , drink a beer . he watch a bunch of girl flirt with some boy . everyone be talk and laugh while he sit alone . he walk over to the doorway of a room fill with girl dance . in the corner dance be nicola . he stare at she for a moment , then go back and sit in front of the tv . ( continued ) 90 . 122 continued : 122 he change the channel and " cop " come on the screen . it show two cop chase a crack head , tackle he and knee drop he . fogell ponder as he watch " cop . " he throw back the rest of he beer and march into the room nicola be dance in . he walk up to nicola , who be by far the best - look girl in the room , and start dance with she . she look a bit throw at first , but after a few beat , she seem to like it . fogell they call you nicola , right ? nicola and they call you fogell . fogell some do . they continue dance . I /e. jule's kitchen / bathroom - continuous montage intercutting seth and evan drinking : int . jule kitchen 123 123 - Seth take shot after shot in the kitchen with everyone else , glance over at Jules every now and then as she walk around the party , send more people to drink with he . int . jule bathroom 124 124 - Evan in the bathroom , force himself to brutally suck back a disgusting amount of ouzo . he sip from he beer , take a deep breath , and then start again . int . jule house 125 125 - Seth dance jokingly with a few people and tell the story of that evening , show they the detergent jug full of beer and act out the car hit he . int . jule bathroom 126 126 - Evan , who have drank about half the bottle and be pretty drunk , stand up , arm reach out , and try to walk in a straight line . he do it fairly well . frustrate , he sit back down and take another disgusting swig of ouzo . 91 . int . jule house 127 127 - Jules throw Seth a smile when she see he make everyone laugh as he re-fill they cup with very foamy , slightly blue-tint beer from the detergent jug . int . jule bathroom 129 129 - Evan can not keep he balance as he try to touch he nose while stand on one foot . he 's drunk . he drink from the tap thirstily , eat some toothpaste , fix he collar and hair , and then gather he courage , take a deep breath , and step out of the bathroom . ext . backyard - continuous 129 129 Evan walk out on the balcony . he spot the circle of people helen be stand in , only now helen be lay on the ground , laugh hysterically . everyone in the circle be look at she and laugh as well . Evan be extremely nervous . helen look up and spot he . helen ( laugh ) Evan !!! hey ! come here !!! Evan take a deep breath walk up to where she 's lay . she extend she arm . helen ( cont 'd ) help I up ! none of this people will help I up ! Evan notice that she seem a little drunk . he help she up and she collapse onto he , force he to hold she up . evan hey , helen . sorry I be - helen laugh hysterically as she latch onto Evan . he smell she breath . it reek of alcohol . Evan 's drunk , but helen be completely fuck shit-face ! helen Evan ! oh my god ! you be so fuck hilarious ! ( to the group ) do you go know how fuck hilarious Evan be ? ( to Evan ) tell they how hilarious you be ! ( continued ) 92 . 129 continued : 129 the group look over to Evan . evan uh...well ...uh ... helen listen to he ! helen start laugh hysterically . helen ( cont 'd ) see ?!! he be so cute ! the group chuckle a little . helen put she arm around Evan . helen ( cont 'd ) I have be wait for you for , like , ever . what take you so long ? do you have my goldschlager ? evan oh man , it 's a crazy story - helen pick up a bottle of tequila and shove it into Evan 's hand . helen here ! do not worry , we can drink this . evan I be already pretty waste . but ...uh ... here 's to you . Evan take a much - unwanted drink and gag . helen light-weight ! everyone laugh . helen ( cont 'd ) hey ... I and you should go upstairs now . I really want to ... tell you something . evan ( confuse and drunk ) uh...uh ...uh... you could just tell I right here - helen ( laugh ) no ! let 's go upstairs , come on ! ( continued ) 93. 129 continued : ( 2 ) 129 Evan hear everyone giggle as helen pull he towards the house . helen trip , just manage not to fall . helen ( cont 'd ) careful ... int . jule ' dine room with dancing people - continuous 130 130 nicola and fogell be stand in the corner of the room . nicola be look at fogell 's id . nicola mclovin ! that 's the funniest thing I have ever see ! fogell yeah , I just think it sound old . they both laugh and they eye meet . int . jule kitchen - continuous 131 131 the party be in full swing and everyone be get good and drunk . Jules walk up to Seth , who be clearly piss drunk . jule hey , I be back . I have to thank the peep for comin ' out . seth ( really , really , drunk ) Jules ! the hostess with the most -est ! the woman of the hour ! Seth take a swig of a beer . seth ( cont 'd ) this party 's blowin ' my ass off ! I want you to have a drink with I . Seth offer she a beer . jule no , thanks . I be good . but , seriously , thanks for get all the drink . it really make the night . seth it 's just how I roll , Jules . no problem , no problem . Jules laugh and Seth see that he charm be work . ( continued ) 94 . 131 continued : 131 seth ( cont 'd ) uh... you know ... I love talk , and converse with you , you be so good at it , but I can not hear you . could we just go on the ...uh... balcony or something ? Jules eye Seth suspiciously . Seth just look at she , smile drunkenly . jule why not ? I have not converse in age . let 's do it . Jules walk out of the kitchen . he finish off he beer and then , happy as shit , drunkenly dance out of the kitchen and after Jules . int . jule ' bedroom - continuous 132 132 Evan practically hold helen up , almost drop she several time , as they stumble into Jules ' bedroom . helen put down the tequila and start kissing Evan , but it 's not nice kissing , it 's sloppy porno kissing with way too much tongue . after a few moment Evan pull away and look at the remarkably drunk helen . evan be you okay ? helen I so flirt with you in math . evan oh man . helen ... I want to tell you , I mean , I have want to tell you , for a long time - helen I know . I have want to get with you so hard . helen kiss he . helen ( cont 'd ) like ... so hard . helen yank he onto the bed and start sloppily kissing he again . Evan do not know what to do . she try to take off Evan 's shirt , but be way too inebriated to undo the button . Evan yank it off . helen ( cont 'd ) good ... ( continued ) 95 . 132 continued : 132 helen stand up and start to waver back and forth . she look like she 's about to tip over , but she catch herself and sloppily try to strike a sexy pose like a model . Evan watch in dread as she start to strip , pull she shirt over she head , completely fail to look sexual . as Evan watch the tragedy unfold , he grab the bottle of tequila and take a big swig . helen sit on the floor and concentrate on untying she shoe . helen ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ... stupid shoe ... Evan move over to help she . he can not do it either . evan shit . can you , like , slip out ? helen try to squeeze she foot out , but she can not . she grab a pair of scissors off a desk . evan ( cont 'd ) whoa. fuckin'... careful . she snip off the knot and slip she shoe off . helen you ... take off you pants ... ( drunkenly wave the scissors ) or I will cut `em off . helen laugh as she stagger to she foot and start kissing Evan . he start take off he pants . int . jule ' staircase - moment later 133 133 nicola lead fogell up the stair . nicola I can not believe I be about to get with " fogell " . fogell why ? nicola I do not know . you be like , the most mysterious guy in the grade . like , nobody know anything about you . fogell well , you be about to learn a few thing . 96 . ext . jule ' front porch - continuous 134 134 Jules and Seth step out onto the front porch . there be no one else out there . the moment the door close behind they , Seth turn to Jules and put he hand on she hip . he stare into she eye and move in for the kiss . Jules instantly pull back . jule whoa ! whoa ! slow down . seth what ? what 's wrong ? jule I would ...uh ... prefer if we do this at some other time . seth ( confuse ) but ... there be no other time . School 's up ! this be the only time ... what 's wrong with now ? jule well , you be drunk . like , really , really drunk . seth so ? so be you . jule I be not drunk at all . I do not even drink . Seth be absolutely shocked . it take he remarkably drunk mind a moment to process this information . seth you do not drink ? but ... but , you tell I to get the liquor ! jule yeah , I be ...uh ... throwin ' a party , remember ? seth you do not drink !?! jule no . I do not drink . ( continued ) 97 . 134 continued : 134 seth and you , do not want to ...uh , you know ... jule uh , no . not right now , thank you very much . Seth look at Jules and realize that he 's screw up . his eye start to water . seth ahhh ....man...fuck .... Seth start to cry . jule be you cry ? seth no ! yeah , so what if I be ? I be a fuck idiot and it be my last chance ! so I should be cry . jule last chance to do what ? seth to make you my girlfriend for the summer , okay ? there ! you be , like , the coolest person that 's ever talk to I , and I think we would both be drunk , but ... jule what would I be drunk have anything to do with it ? seth ` Cause you would never get with I in you right mind ! look at I ! ( beat ) and now look at you ! suddenly , the front door open , and a random girl walk out . random girl ( yell into the house ) hey , ricky ! be it a quarter , or a eighth you want ? ricky ( o.s. ) a fat eighth ! the random girl notice Seth and Jules . ( continued ) 98 . 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 random girl whoa . sorry . the girl hop down the stair and walk off as Jules stare at the sobbing Seth . int . jule ' room - continuous 135 135 Evan sit on the bed in only he boxer , and helen be just get she pants off , leave she only in she lingerie . Evan 's eye widen . she look at Evan and rub she breast in a very un - sexy way . helen I wear this for you . here we go ... helen crawl onto the bed , push Evan down , and start seriously make out with he , drunker and sloppier than ever . helen ( cont 'd ) Evan , I be so wet . evan ( still nervous ) you be so beautiful . helen shove she hand down Evan 's boxer . Evan jolt , terrify ! helen you have get such a smooth cock . evan um ... thank you . I have think you be a really incredible person for a really long time . Evan look really nervous as helen 's hand start move up and down . helen you have get to get hard for I ... real hard . evan I be ... I be .. I be about to . but first I just want to tell you exactly how I - helen I be gonna suck you dick so good . Evan be take aback . ( continued ) 99 . 135 continued : 135 evan you do not have to do that , you know , we can start this relationship on something more than just that . helen yeah , Evan . I know . ( in a sultry , whispery voice ) I need you to eat my hairy love crack . evan Jesus Christ . Evan sit up . helen what 's wrong ? beat . evan you do not want to do this . helen yeah I do , I want to fuck you . evan look , you know I really like you , helen , but this be ... it 's just too intense . and I be so drunk I do not even know how to , like , process - helen you be just be a pussy . evan what ? do you just call I a ... pussy ? helen yeah ... a scared little pussy - puke ! Evan watch in horror as helen vomit all over Jules ' bed . evan oh god ! oh ... helen I need becca ... becca ... evan I will ...uh ... I will go get she . be you go to be okay ? ( continued ) 100 . 135 continued : ( 2 ) 135 helen oh God , oh God , oh ... I be puke ... puke ! Evan wince as she throw up again . int . jule parentss bedroom - continuous 136 136 fogell be lay on he back on the bed and nicola be straddle he . they be kissing . nicola sit up and take fogell 's hand and start suck he finger . fogell I have get a boner . nicola good . do you have a condom ? he pull a condom out . fogell and lube . he pull out a little bottle of lube . ext . jule ' front porch 137 137 Seth and Jules be both seat on the stair . Seth have he face in he hand . Jules be patting he on the back , but clearly feel awkward . jule Seth , you ...uh ... Seth look up at she , drunk as hell , he eye half - open . jule ( cont 'd ) you do not blow it , you be a- Seth blank out and fall forward . bam ! he head - butt Jules in the face ! jule ( cont 'd ) aaahhh ! Jules clutches she eye as Seth slump onto the patio floor , unconscious . she get up , yell in pain , as Seth open he eye . jule ( cont 'd ) Seth ! what the fuck ! seth ...help I ... ( continued ) 101 . 137 continued : 137 Jules storm into the house , leave Seth lie on the front porch . he wiggle around a bit . seth ( cont 'd ) ...sorry ... Seth pass out again . a few moment go by , when suddenly a cop car pull up in front of the house . Seth open he eye and see the cop . seth ( cont 'd ) oh no . two cop get out and start harass two kid smoking a joint on the front lawn . one of they turn on they flashlight and Seth see - it 's officer slater and michael !!! seth ( cont 'd ) ... Evan ... int . jule ' house - continuous 138 138 Evan , sit on the couch next to miroki ( Evan 's partner from cooking class ) , drink a bottle of tequila . he 's absolutely smashed . evan life 's bullshit , huh , miroki ? suddenly , Seth burst into the room and grab Evan 's shirt . evan ( cont 'd ) fuckin ' wax off , asshole ! seth no ... I be help you , man ! just listen ... Seth grab Evan 's wrist and try to pull he to he foot . evan fuck off , jerk ! you be hurt my shoulder ! just then , Terry ( the guy who spat on Seth in the beginning ) walk by . terry hey ! look , it 's Christina and Britney . have fun bone each other on grad night ! Terry and he buddy laugh they ass off when , suddenly - ( continued ) 102 . 138 continued : 138 knock ! knock ! knock ! the loud authoritative knock echoe through the party and everyone look to the door , know it can only mean one thing . someone open the door , revealing Officer slater and Officer michael ! they talk to whoever answer the door , oblivious of Evan and Seth . officer slater we have a complaint about the noise . it look like you be have a nice little party here . officer michael a nice little underage drink party . Evan point at the cop . evan dude ! Seth ! it 's the cop ! the cop . seth that 's what I have be ...! here ... Seth pull Evan up and the two drunkenly make they way out of the live room just as the cop step into it . officer slater okay , everyone out . Party 's over . get out of here . michael turn to slater . officer slater ( cont 'd ) I will go upstairs . I tell you this would release some anger . officer michael I will tell you what would release some anger , if one of this little fucker touch I and I get to club he face in . ext . jule ' backyard - continuous 139 139 Seth and Evan run through the back yard . Seth stumble and fall , but quickly get up . with great difficulty , the boy drunkenly lift themselves up and over the fence . int . jule parentss bedroom - continuous 140 140 fogell be on top of nicola in the missionary position . nicola oh ...uh ...oh ... ( continued ) 103 . 140 continued : 140 fogell it 's ... it 's in . ( beat ) it 's in . fogell wear the great look of accomplishment one could possibly imagine . suddenly , Officer michael burst into the room and flick on the light . fogell ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? nicola scream , grab she clothes , and run into the bathroom . officer slater mclovin ? what the fuck ? fogell Officer slater ? officer slater you run away from we ! ( turn to the door ) michael ! get up here ! fogell no ! I hit my head when we crash . I be all disorient and I just wander off , confuse . seriously ! officer michael shut the fuck up ! wait a minute . how old be that girl ? 16 , 17 ? you sick bastard , that 's statutory rape , mclovin . Officer slater appear in the doorway . officer slater mclovin ! officer michael he be violate a sixteen year - old girl ! fogell what ? no! no ! fogell cover himself with the blanket and start to get up . ( continued ) 104 . 140 continued : ( 2 ) 140 fogell ( cont 'd ) I do not break the law ! I be not really even - officer michael sit you ass down and keep it down . officer slater you be go to jail , fucko . nicola , now dress , emerge from the bathroom . she scream and run out . they take fogell 's arm and handcuff he . officer slater ( cont 'd ) ( to fogell ) they do not take kindly to you type in jail , mclovin . ext . alley - continuous 141 141 drunk , joyful , and out of breath , the boy stop run . evan dude . you save I ! seth I totally do ! I want to ! evan wanna sleep at my house , man ? you be my best friend ! seth yeah ! sleepover ! fuckin ... you get pizza bagel still ? evan yeah !!!! look what else I got ! Evan pull a half bottle of tequila . seth Nice ! they start to drink it together . ext . jule ' front yard - continuous 142 142 all the kid from the party have congregate in the front yard . the cop car be park right in front . we see the officer drag fogell through the crowd of kid . ( continued ) 105 . 142 continued : 142 terry ( o.s. ) stupid pig . suddenly , a wad of spit hit slater in the shoulder ! he turn and see Terry , the guy who spat on Seth . slater walk over and bashes the kid in the face with he nightstick . the kid drop . officer slater there you go . officer michael that do feel better . they throw fogell into the back of the cop car . int . cop car - continuous 143 143 the cop both get in and slam they door . they just stare forward . fogell so ...am I go to jail ? the two cop burst out laugh hysterically . officer slater ( laugh he ass off ) yeah !! you be go to fuckin' azkaban !!! fogell what ? officer michael you be the funniest fuckin ' kid I have ever meet ! officer slater we have be fuckin ' with you ! Jesus ! I love this kid ! fogell I do not understand ! officer slater we know you be not twenty five ! what be we , moron ? my god ! what be you ? sixteen ? fogell seventeen . ( continued ) 106 . 143 continued : 143 officer michael seventeen ! ha ! we have you go , mclovin ! ext . bus - soon after 144 144 Seth and Evan sit at the back of the empty bus together . evan be the bang bus anything like this ? Seth crack up laugh . ext . shopwell be - parking lot - continuous 145 145 the cop car be spin donut in the middle of the empty lot . it stop . fogell and Officer michael get out , both smile . the driver side window roll down , reveal slater . officer slater alright , boy . what I be about to show you be pretty much the great move in donut - spin history . behold : the reverse figure - eight . slater drive to the other side of the lot . fogell so , like , what 's you official position ? officer michael if you be in , you be in . you be no longer a virgin , end of story . screw cumming . suddenly , slater gun it and speed across the lot , slamm the break , spin wildly in several erratic donut backward donut . slater completely lose control of the car . he smashes through a bunch of shopping cart and slam into a light post , completely fuck up the cruiser . slater try to open he door , but it will not budge . he crawl out the miss windshield , slumping onto the ground . officer slater alright . I think that 's all the fun we be gettin ' out of this one . ext . cliffside - later 146 146 slater hand fogell he note pad . ( continued ) 107 . 146 continued : 146 officer slater ... and by signing this you be officially say that as we stop you from be mug , a crack -head steal we cruiser and do God know what with it . fogell of course . that mugger have nothing but murder in he eye . I owe you my life . fogell sign the pad . officer michael can we do this already ? the cop and fogell push the cruiser towards a small , but steep , hill . they shove it over the edge and watch it roll . it gain speed and smashes into a tree , shatter the window and crush the front of the car . officer michael ( cont 'd ) can we shoot at it ? officer slater I do not know , can you ? they whip out they gun . officer slater ( cont 'd ) I be throwin ' down the gauntlet . 50 buck . whoever hit the gas tank . officer michael you be so fuck on . fogell can I get a shot ? slater hand fogell he gun . with a huge smile , fogell raise the gun , aim it at the police cruiser , and blast off round after round . int . evan's basement - night 147 147 Seth and Evan be lie in sleep bag beside one another . the now empty bottle of tequila lie between they . they be laugh very hard , still drunk off they ass . seth I can not believe she say that shit . evan oh my lord . you have no idea ! ( continued ) 108 . 147 continued : 147 they laugh harder . evan ( cont 'd ) and then you save I , man ! I fuck love you ! seth I fuck love you , too , man ! I be not embarrassed , I just love you ! evan why do not we say that more ? it feel good ! I love you more than my brother , man . like , when you go away for Easter last year , I , like , miss you . you know ? seth I miss you , too . come here , man . Seth grab Evan and they hug . seth ( cont 'd ) we will always be friend . ` Cause we love each other . they stop hugging and sit back down . they be laughter slow down and there be a moment of silence . seth ( cont 'd ) like , three week ago I be in you room and , like , you be take a dump and ... I see you residence placement thingy . I totally see you be live with fogell . so , like - evan I be sorry , man . seth do not be ! do not be ! I be sorry . I be be a bitch . evan I need you to know that it 's not like I even want to live with fogell ; it 's just that I be really afraid of live with stranger . there be a moment of silence . ( continued ) 109 . 147 continued : ( 2 ) 147 seth you know ... I be piss off I do not get with Jules , but , like ... we really get through a lot of we shit , you know ? evan yeah , I too . like , yeah ... at least we kind of come together , again . beat . evan ( cont 'd ) good night , Seth . I love you . seth night , Evan . Love you , man . int . evan's house - basement - the next morning 148 148 Evan wake up and look over at Seth , who be also waking . they look at each other extremely awkwardly , almost as though they drunkenly have sex with each other last night . evan oh ...uh ...hey . Morning . seth uh...morn . they stare at each other , uncomfortable . evan you sleep good ? seth yeah . this be a really good pillow . evan um ... Seth look at he watch . seth maybe I should get go . evan you do not have to . I be not , like , do anything . beat . ( continued ) 110 . 148 continued : 148 seth oh ...do you want to hang out ? I be ... gonna go to the mall , actually . evan oh. cool , well , can I come ? I need a comforter . for college . seth yeah . that would be nice . I would really like that . int . department store - next day 149 149 Evan be stand in the pants section of a department store . Seth walk out of the dress room wear jeans that be way too small . evan do not ask I . I do not give a shit if you pants look good . seth well , I need someone 's opinion . evan Fine . they be way too small . seth yeah , but when I be wear you dad 's pants last night I realize that if I buy pants that be too small it will encourage I to lose weight . and in tight pants chick will kind of see my dick a little . evan yeah , the male camel toe look be really big this year . Seth go back into the dress room and wriggle out of the pants . he walk out . seth this pants suck . let 's the get the fuck out of here . int . department store 150 150 they walk through the department store , when suddenly , Evan see helen and Jules look at comforter . angle on : helen and Jules ( continued ) 111 . 150 continued : 150 helen again , I be so sorry . I can not believe I actually do that . jule I feel sorry that I be make you buy I a new one . helen I have to . it 's puke . angle on : Seth and Evan evan Holy shit ! helen look like hell and Jules have a horrible black eye . seth be that they ? they stare at the two girl from afar . evan should we hide ? helen look and notice they . she wave and point they out to Jules . Seth and Evan wave back . the girl get up and start to walk over . seth ( pretend to smile ) fuck that , man . I can not talk to she , look what I do to she ! evan ( pretend to smile ) helen call I a pussy to my face ! what be I go to say to she ? the girl walk up to they . helen jule hi Evan , Seth . hey guy . evan seth hi helen , hi Jules . Jules . helen . hi. everyone look very embarrassed . seth oh my god . I be so sorry , Jules . ( continued ) 112 . 150 continued : ( 2 ) 150 jule it 's okay . evan ( to helen ) how be you feel ? helen not bad , but not great , how about you ? seth ( to Jules ) that look terrible . no ! I mean , it do not look terrible , it look - jule do not worry about it , Seth . it be a accident . evan ( to helen ) do you have fun last night ? jule ( to Seth ) do you remember much ? helen ( to Evan ) I really do not remember much . seth ( to Jules ) not really . I remember look up , and you scream at I . that 's about it . Jules laugh . helen ( to Evan ) I do not puke on you , do I ? Evan laugh . evan no , I dodge it . whizze right by I . seth ( to Jules ) but seriously , I act like a fuckin ' idiot last night . I be really sorry , you do not deserve that . ( continued ) 113. 150 continued : ( 3 ) 150 helen ( to Evan ) yeah , I ...um ... I be sorry , about all that . thanks for be such a gentleman . there be a moment of silence . seth you look good with a black eye . they all chuckle a little . jule thanks , smart guy . that 's why I be here . I have to go to macy 's to get a shitload of cover - up for the grad photo . seth ( mortify ) oh man ... helen yeah , and I be go to line Brothers to buy Jules a new comforter . evan oh ! I have to get a comforter too , for college . jule ( flirtatiously , joke ) so , you gonna come with I to macy 's and buy I my cover - up , or what ? seth yes ! definitely . I would love to . I have such bad acne last year , I become a expert on the stuff . evan you could get you college pants there . seth yeah , but wait ... you drive I here , Evan drive I here , how do we - jule I have get my dad 's car . I will take you home , and Evan can give helen a lift . helen that sound good . ( continued ) 114 . 150 continued : ( 4 ) 150 evan maybe we can go eat after ? helen sweet . Seth and Evan look at each other , odd smile on both they face . they do not blow it . seth so , uh , I will call you later . evan yeah man , have a good one . jule come on , Seth . let 's go . Jules pull Seth away . Evan and helen start walk in the opposite direction . as they walk away from one another , Seth and Evan look back and give each other a small and yet emotionally - charge wave . a slow , gut wrenching soul song start to play . they look as though they be never go to see each other again . int . macy escalator 151 151 as Jules and Seth walk into macy 's and helen and Evan descend a escalator , the music swell to a mind - fuckingly awesome crescendo , and we humbly fade to black ... the end end credit sequence : we flip through Seth 's seemingly endless penis drawing from childhood . they be hilarious .