superfight by keith W. strandberg fade in : tight on hand it pull away from the camera . int . warehouse - day a old chinese man , grandfather , go through a beautiful tai Zhi quan form . it be very peaceful and graceful . the form end with a palm strike towards camera , black out the frame . ( for possible intercut use ) int . superfight arena - night spotlight cut through the murky darkness while rock music pulse . the sound of the crowd , barely visible in the darkness , be a rumble in the dark , not unlike the sound of a enraged animal . they be yell for blood ! quick cut of other fighter in the ring , include punk , sumo wrestler , kickboxer , shootfighter , and other . it 's a spectacle , and we see bit and snippet of it all - the knockout blow , the colorful fighter , the incredible technique , the bloodsh , the brutality . darkcloud and night stalker face off in the ring . ( one fight ) darkcloud be slamm night stalker in the head over and over . with the second blow , the man 's mouthpiece go fly into the crowd . soon , the blood start to spray , but the man do not stop hit . in the front row , right next to the ring , be jack cody , a 18 year old dreamer . drink it all in , he be yell he lung out for the fighter . a woman stand next to Jack cringe at the brutality and cover she eye . woman how can you watch this ? jack it 's great , be not it ? I love it ! the woman look at Jack uncomprehendingly , then shake she head and step over he to get out , then walk up the stair to the exit . though the woman be very beautiful , Jack do not even watch she go . he be too intent on the action in the ring . now , one of the woman fighter , angel , dress in a sexy outfit that show off she body , but also display she finely define muscle , be fight another superfighter . she be brutalize the other fighter , yet both be cover in blood . the towel have now be throw in , but angel still do not stop . angel have she opponent by the throat and be motion to the crowd , thumb up or thumb down . " no mercy " cry the crowd , and Jack be yell louder than anyone . jack take it to she , angel ! yeah ! angel spin and hook kick she opponent in the head , then spin the other way and side kick she into the rope . the other fighter fly off the rope and land face down in the center of the ring . it 's brutal and barbaric . and Jack love every minute of it . a spotlight light up the stage , and two bizarre fighter stand in the middle , face each other . announcer in the red corner , budokai ! budokai be dress in a gold lame uniform , he belt black . his face be paint like a kabuki actor , a mixture of black and white and gold , and he outfit emphasize he massive muscle . announcer ( 0.s. ) and in the blue corner , the enforcer ! the enforcer , dress like a street punk , with chain and leather , spike and chrome , come into the ring . he be the bad guy here , and everyone know it . he raise he muscle arm over he head and smile at the crowd , then bring they down into a fight stance . announcer ( 0.s. ) superfight ! the two fighter face off in fight position . the rock music increase its beat , and the fighter rush each other , the ring echoing with the fury of they technique . budokai be a martial artist , while the enforcer be a thug . but a well train thug , nonetheless . use a mixture of professional wrestle , box and street fight , the enforcer hammer budokai in a beautifully choreograph fight . budokai beat , the enforcer stand before the crowd , seemingly ask they for a decision . the crowd roar . announcer what will it be ? mercy ? the crowd yell out " no mercy ! " everyone except Jack that be , who like budokai , after all . the enforcer listen to what they want , then smile and launch a huge roundhouse right . budokai go sailing out of the ring . Jack see this and run to where budokai be go to land , think to break he fall . he do , sort of , but budokai still land hard . they stand up together , both a little stunne . the enforcer be now out of the ring and come towards budokai , and Jack be catch in the middle . Jack , in the heat of the moment , turn to face off with the enforcer ! he throw a couple of kick and punch , which have no effect - except to further enrage the enforcer . the enforcer go crazy and attack Jack . budokai grab Jack and throw he up into the sky , and then knock the enforcer out , and Jack land on top of the enforcer ( like a pin in wrestle ) , count he out . the ref come out of the ring and hold up budokai 's hand , and budokai reach down and pull Jack up to a stand position , hold he hand up . budokat no mercy ! ever ! budokai look at Jack , who be beam with pride , as the crowd go crazy . budokai wink at Jack . budokail thanks , man . could not have do it without you ... Jack be in heaven . ext . loading dock - dawn a load dock be close up , shut down tight . the street around it be almost empty . a jogger run by in front , get a workout in before a busy day start . int . loading dock - same day in the load dock , we move through the assemble goods , box and various thing . in the b.g. can be hear the sound of labor breathe , and solid thunks and thwocks . we move through a door that be ajar , into a area of the warehouse separate from the storage area . on the wall be poster from " superfight " , martial art training poster , picture of Bruce Lee , Chuck norris , Jean Claude Van damme ( from " no retreat no surrender " ) , movie poster , professional wrestler , etc . picture of a fighter name mike rocco be feature prominently . rocco , in the picture , be wear a special necklace ( open Hand ? ) . there be a magazine with he picture on it , and the legend read " rocco : where be he now ? " there be also a picture of rocco with he arm around a young fighter - a young Jack . we see a shadow of what look like two people fight over the picture of rocco . the sound of violent training be closer , more immediate . a counter be pile high with training book , and a tv / vcr combination sit next to they , a pile of martial art training video sit on top . a tape be in the machine , and it be pause on one particular instructor , Mike rocco , demonstrate a technique . stand next to the counter be mannequin in various position , all dress in sport goods equipment - at first they look like real fighter . we see Jack move among they , do flip ( with the aid of a unseen trampoline ) . some of the mannequin be wear protective equipment , other swimsuit , still other in martial art uniform . smoothly , we turn around to see Jack , in a muscle shirt and workout pants , work on a mannequin , and we realize that they be just mannequin , not real people . he be very athletic , and have obviously be training for some time . he be not a master , but he be strong and effective , with a great deal of raw talent . when he hit and kick the heavy bag , hang in the middle of the room , it shake the entire room . Jack be wear the special necklace that rocco have on in the picture . after one particularly grueling combination , Jack stop , drink from a sport bottle nearby . he then grab the tv remote and push a button . angle on tv the tape continue , the instructor ( Mike rocco ) move on to another combination . Jack watch it carefully , then rewind it , and play it again . he then press " pause " and put the remote back . he start hit the heavy bag again , mimick the combination the instructor show on the tape . as he be work this combination , a alarm on he watch go off and Jack stop . he gather himself for a moment , then bow to the mannequin . jack time for the superfight . he move to the area of the room where the mannequin be set up . he move into the middle of they , then raise he arm like budokai do last night . he go into action , throw kick and punch at the mannequin , break they into piece , throw they into all the corner of the room . when he be do , he stand panting in the center of the mess , then raise he arm again . one mannequin be still stand . jack no mercy . he jump off the trampoline ( we see it now ) and drive a spin wheel kick at the lone mannequin and hit it , but send himself sprawling at the same time . the fantasy be disrupt by reality . Jack smile and put he head in he hand , rest . frankie cody ? that you ? Jack do not answer right away . frankie ( 0.s. ) yo , Jean Claude Van dunce ? you there ? jack yeah , frankie . just finish up ! frankie come into view . frankie man , be you waste you time with this stuff again ? hey , do not leave a mess again , ok ? hurry up , we gotta get this order out ! jack ( cheerfully ) ok ! I will be right down . Jack get off the ground and start to clean up the piece of mannequin around the room . he assemble the mannequin again for he next workout , then pause at the " superfight " and " Mike rocco " poster . jack someday ... the camera pull out , past the tape , book and poster . ext . jack house - evening establish shot of a run down tract house in a " poor white trash " suburb of the city . the house be much cleaner than the other in the area . obviously , some care have be take with the house . Jack 's batter Jeep pull up to the house , and he get out . he pause for a moment in the front yard , then shake he head , pick up some trash from the neighbor 's yard , and move inside . int . jack house - same night Jack walk into the house , weary from a long day of work , and hang up he jacket . jack Mom , I be home ! mother what ? no ultrafight tonight ? jack ( smile wearily ) it 's superfight , and they be last night . mother what time do you get home ? jack I get to work on time , nobody get hurt , what difference do it make , Mom ? Jack 's mother come around the corner and confront Jack . this be a road they have be over many time , but that will not stop he mother from try to make a point . mother what about you ? I think it 's hurt you . jack I be not in the ring ... yet . when I be one of the fighter , then you can worry . ok ? mother you will not be one of they , Jack , not while I be around . jack when they have another try out , I be go to be first in line . mother no you will not . you father would not have want ... jack let 's not do this again , Mom . I gotta go ... mother I have dinner ready for you , just like you like it . where be you go , Jack ? jack out , that 's all . mother Jack , do not walk away from I ! I be talk to you ! Jack do not stop walk as he grab he jacket , and then go out the door . he can be see walk to he Jeep through the rip and patch screen door . mother you come right back here , John Jacob cody ! this minute ! Jack be go , and he mother stand there for a moment , wait . the Jeep start up , 0.s. , and we see the headlight flare on Jack 's mother 's face . mother ( to herself ) over my dead body ! fade out ext . CITY bank - same night a desert parking lot of a city bank . a young , very attractive chinese woman , sally wong , walk to the Cash machine outside the bank , on she way home from work . she look around to make sure no one else be there , then proceed to the machine . she put in she card , press several button and complete she transaction . her cash be count out into a money drawer , and she reach in and pull it out . just as she turn to go , a voice behind she call out menacingly leader we will take that , sister . Sally whirl around to see three gang member move towards she . they have take away she escape route . she make a fist with one hand , as if she be try to decide whether it 's worth a fight . just then a Jeep pull into the parking lot of the bank , make a cut through to another street . it 's Jack 's Jeep , and he pause for a moment , take in the scene . the leader turn to look at Jack . leader keep move , asshole . Jack look for a moment longer , then pull out . Sally start to raise she hand to fight , and the leader sense what she be do and pull out a wick look knife to dissuade she . leader it 's not worth it . leader remember , it 's only money , and you do not have it long enough to get attach to it . Sally look at the knife , then up at the leader . she take a quick glance around , note the surveillance camera up in one corner of the building . leader no time , sugar . we will be long go , and you will be all cut up . ( beat ) now . the Jeep pull into the parking lot again , and this time it stop right in the middle of the lot , its light point straight at the group . the High beam of the Jeep flick on , momentarily blind everyone , and the horn blows . the leader , one hand over he eye , motion to one of he boy to get rid of whoever it be . leader take care of that guy ! the gang member go up to the Jeep , and be surprised to find it empty . running , light on , but empty . gang member ai not nobody here ! the leader , who be move in on Sally , turn to the gang member . leader what ? just then , from behind one of the bank pillar , storm Jack , take the leader and the other gang member completely by surprise . use a variety of kick , punch , strike and wrestle move , he take they out with little resistance . he wade through they like they be the mannequin he train on at work . jack oh , yeah ! this be just what I need ! when he 's do , Jack turn to Sally and smile , then motion for she to join he . Sally get in Jack 's Jeep , and he pull quickly out of the lot . the gang member be still on the ground , some of they start to moan and move around a little bit . int . jack jeep - same night Jack be drive along , and Sally be sit very primly in Jack 's Jeep . Jack steal look at she , and she look at he sideways . Jack be intrigue by this beautiful chinese girl . sally turn right here . this be my house . the Jeep come to a stop . Sally open the door and start to get out .. sally ( after a beat ) want to come in ? ( very softly ) I would like you to meet my grandfather . Jack turn the engine off . jack meet you grandfather ? sound like real fun ... they get out of the Jeep . ext . sally house - same night Sally lead he into she house . sally he 's kind of a old codger ... just take he with a grain of salt . jack do not worry , I love old codger . through the window , we see a shadow look at they . then it disappear . they go inside . int . sally house - same night a meat cleaver thwacks down into a wooden cut board and stick straight up . pull back to reveal Sally 's grandfather , who be cooking dinner when they come in . he be at least 75 year old , and be wear a dark blue chinese silk jacket . grandfather you fight they over money ?!? be you a complete moron ? Jack look at Sally for help . grandfather you could have get she kill . sally they might not have stop at the money , grandfather . grandfather you do not know that . do you ? jack gee , correct I if I be wrong , but most relative ... grandfather you be wrong . do not speak unless speak to . sally grandfather ! the grandfather look at Sally , sigh , and then examine Jack closely . grandfather you be a fighter ? what style ? jack all different style . grandfather which style ? do not attempt to con I . jack I use what work , from karate , kung fu , kickbox , whatever . grandfather bullshit ! jack hey , it work tonight . grandfather let I see you hand , ' fighter ' . Jack hold out he hand and grandfather hold they , look at they and squeezing they . Jack squeeze back , but it have no effect on grandfather . grandfather you have never train . jack I can handle myself . sally grandfather , what be you do ? I invite Jack in to thank he . grandfather maybe he set the attack up himself , so he would look good . jack I have have about enough ... Jack try to pull he hand away , but he cannot . Jack continue to try to pull away , but grandfather have he hand in a vice grip . grandfather not yet . grandfather take Jack 's hand and force they into the flour on the counter top . jack what the hell ? grandfather ok , fighter , let 's see how good you really be . all you have to do be touch I and I will give you the credit you think you deserve . ok ? jack this be ridiculous . do he do this to every guy you bring home ? sally I ... grandfather ? grandfather only the one claim to be heroes . c'mon , just one touch ... Jack , think he be go to catch grandfather unaware , lunge for he , but he 's no longer there . Jack move again , try to touch he , but grandfather be a ghost . no matter how he try , and with what technique , he can not lay a finger on he . finally , Jack be so frustrated he give up . he grab a towel and start to wipe the flour off he hand . jack I gotta get outta here . Sally , I will call you . he walk past grandfather , who be smile in success . before he completely pass he , however , Jack try one more time to touch he . grandfather , with eye in the back of he head , move subtly out of the way , and all Jack touch be air . sally Jack , do not go ! Jack be already at the door and open it . he toss the towel back into the room . Sally run after he , give grandfather a very dirty look . he just smile a innocent smile that say , " just protect you , my dear . " ext . sally house - same night Sally push open the door of she house , but Jack be already in he Jeep and drive away . she watch he drive away , then raise she face to the star . sally just once why can not he mind he own business and stay out of my life ? ext . street - same night Jack 's Jeep , drive on a desert highway . int . jeep - same night Jack , still a little angry , drive and think . ext . jack house - same night Jack drive up to he house , and be surprised to see he house all light up , with ton of people milling around . there be Reporters , camera crews , neighbor and more . Jack pull he Jeep into the driveway , and get out . the entire group explode in applause , but Jack still can not figure out what be go on . he spot a policeman and yell jack be my Mom ok ? he nod and motion that she be inside the house . Jack head for the house , but be stop by a tv reporter and she camera crew . tv reporter how do it feel to be a hero ? jack what hero ? what be you talk about ? Jack push he way through the crowd and towards he house , still concerned about he mother . in the b.g. we hear the tv reporter finish she report . tv reporter modest and unassume , untouched by stardom , Jack cody might be a hero in the truest sense of the world . just someone who , despite the odd , do the right thing . this be Carol hartman , Channel 8 , live at the cody house . back to you , Bob . Jack get to he front door and throw it open . jack Mom , be you all right ? he go in . int . jack house - same night he walk into the live room , and see he Mom get up from in front of the tv. jack Mom ! be you ok ? what 's with all the people outside ? Jack 's mother run to Jack , hugging he . mother Jack , I be so proud of you ! you be a hero ! jack what be you talk about ? mother watch ! I tape it for you ! she push the " play " button the vcr and a news report unfold . tight on tv , inset picture of superfighter " punisher " news anchor punisher find dead - a violent end for a violent fighter . ( beat ) and now for some good news : take a look at some extraordinary footage from fulton Bank ... the screen shift to grainy color security video , which record the rescue scene where Jack come to the aid of Sally . Jack beat the three guy , and then hustle Sally into he Jeep . news anchor we trace the license plate of the Jeep to Jack cody , a employee of goodsport , a sport goods distributor ... Jack turn off the vcr and turn to he mother . mother they have be wait hour for you , Jack . you save that girl ! you should go out and talk to they , Jack ! jack I do not really want to , Mom . mother this be you chance , Jack . you be break . jack do not make that much out of it , Mom . I just do what have to be do . mother lead Jack to the front door and open it . immediately , the crowd on the lawn surge forward to the door . mother this be good news , Jack . there be not enough good news on the tv . you know what I mean ? Jack nod and open the front door . the question start come , and the light of the camera and the flash of camera white out the picture as we ... CUT to : int . ROBERT office - same night tight on tv image of jack , blind by the light of the tv camera . he be bombard with question , attention which he take with he characteristic good humor . angle on ROBERT sawyer , promoter of superfight . he be watch the tv with interest , the light from the tv illuminate he face . he press the " mute " button on the remote , and the scene unfold on the tv without any sound . ROBERT he 's perfect . Robert go behind he desk and push the intercom on he phone . ROBERT lonnie , get I ... the name " Jack cody " flash onto the screen , underneath Jack 's image talk to reporter . ROBERT Jack cody . he 's on Channel 8 right now . set up a meeting for tomorrow , here . receptionist yes , sir. ROBERT oh , and lonnie ? make sure he come alone . no agent , no lawyer . thanks . he hang up the phone and then press " mute " again . it 's Jack talk on the tv . jack I just do what I have to do . anybody else would have do the same . ROBERT a all american hero . perfect . ext . CITY street - day Jack be out for he training run , and he be spot by people walk and work on the street . he run by a crew of workmen work on the construction of a house . workmen Way to go , Jack ! he head downtown on he run , and a schoolbus go by and a group of schoolchildren spot he . kide . it 's he , it 's the hero . hey , Jack ! can we have you autograph ? Jack wave back , feel really good . he turn down a city street , and two beautiful women runners be come towards he . one of the runners nudge the other and point to Jack . she smile at he as he run past . runner want to run my way , Jack ? Jack continue run , but he pace definitely slow . int . jack house - same day Jack be rush around , try to get ready for he meeting with Robert . his mother be follow he , harangue he for even consider become a fighter . mother I do not want you to go to this meeting , Jack . jack you be the one who want I to talk to the reporter , and Mr. sawyer call I because he see I on tv . mother you want to be a professional wrestler you whole life ? jack no , but be a superfighter be a lot different from be a pro wrestler , and a couple of year do it would be fun . I have my 15 minute of fame , Mom . now be the time to capitalize on it . he start to tie he neck tie , and be have trouble . jack Mom , can you help I out here ? I could die try to tie this thing . mother ( after a beat ) no . I will not help you with this . she walk out of he room , leave Jack to fend for himself . he stare at himself in the mirror . jack great , just great . I hope he 's more interested in my fight than my wardrobe . he do a sloppy job tie he tie , then grab a notebook and head for the door . jack Mom ?!? I be go . wish I luck ? no answer . jack thanks a lot ! he go out the door , and only when he be completely go do he mother come into the room , a worried look on she face . ext . office build - day Robert 's office building , with the legend " superfight " over the front door . Jack walk up to the front of the building , admire the sign , then walk in . int . office build - same day the elevator door open and Jack walk up to a very impressive solid wood door , with " superfight " engrave into it . he grab one of the huge brass doorknob and pull the door open . int . superfight lobby - same day Jack walk up to the receptionist , who be seat at a state of the art computer workstation . her face light up when she see he . receptionist Jack cody , right ? receptionist let I just say I be a big fan . I think it 's great that you be go to be work with we ! Jack do not know what to say . work with the superfighter ? receptionist Mr. sawyer be expect you , Mr. cody . he 's just finish up a meeting . as she say this , the door to Robert 's office open , and out step three superfighter : darkcloud , night stalker and budokai . they be not dress like superfighter , however . they be dress all in black : leather , sweatshirt , parachute pants , etc . behind they walk Robert , and together they notice Jack , who have try to move out of the way ( and to close he open mouth as he watch he heroes come towards he ) . ROBERT Jack ! Robert sawyer ! let I introduce you to some friend of mine . budokal hey , I remember you ! man , welcome to the team ! you be my hero now , Jack ! Jack can not believe he be actually talk to the superfighter . darkcloud I be darkcloud , but call I Chuck , ok ? can I call you Jack ? jack uh ... sure . night stalker I be cliff , better know as night stalker . it 's a honor to shake you hand , Mr. cody . jack honor ? c'mon , you guy be ... budokal you be gonna love it here ! darkcloud you sure be . just make sure you ask for enough money from Robert here . darkcloud he can squeeze penny so hard they bleed , man . ROBERT that 's enough , gentleman . Jack and I have some matter to discuss . where 's you lawyer , Jack ? sharpen he pencil ? jack no , I ... ROBERT do not worry about it , c'mon in ! you guy be careful out there tonight , you hear ? superfighter ( together ) yes , Sir ! see ya around , Jack ! Robert lead Jack into he office , and then close the door behind he , smile at the superfighter . int . ROBERT office - same day ROBERT have a seat , Jack . can I get you something to drink ? jack no , thanks , Mr. sawyer . thanks for invite I over . it be great to meet that guy . ROBERT that guy be friend of yours , Jack . and , thank you for come here tonight . I know you have a lot of demand on you time now . you be a popular man . ( beat ) I want to get right to the point , Jack . I want you to be a superfighter . be that something that you would like ? jack be you kid ? I would kill to be one of the superfighter ! ROBERT I be not ask for that ... yet. ( smile ) all I want to do be make you a offer . jack the answer 's yes . ROBERT I have not make the offer yet , Jack . do you have a agent ? jack no. should I ? ROBERT not necessarily . most of the fighter do not , in fact . I will walk you through the contract , and I think we will come to a fair agreement , do not you ? jack you bet ! ROBERT before we do that , however , I want to introduce you to my favorite superfighter , angel . a side door to the office open up , and angel , the female superfighter from the open scene , walk in . she be dress in she very revealing , very sexy outfit , and she come over to Jack . angel I see you on the news . I can not believe I be actually meeting you ! Jack be almost speechless . jack I see you fight the other night ... angel I wish I have see you ... ROBERT if we can come to term , Jack , I would like angel to train you . ( beat ) if that 's ok . jack ( swallow hard ) yeah , that would be great . angel I be a real slave driver , Jack . angel you have to listen to I about ... everything . I think you have get great potential , and with a little hard training , you can be a great superfighter ! jack I can not wait . ROBERT angel , can you excuse we for a little while ? Jack and I have to cross the t's and dot the i's . angel do not take too long , ok ? I be hungry . ROBERT we will all go out to dinner after , ok , Jack ? Jack nod , watch angel leave the room . Robert pull out a thick contract and put it down on the table . ROBERT here 's the contract . I advise you to read it carefully , but it 's tough go . I will go over the main point with you . ok ? angel be now at the door , and she stop and catch Jack 's eye , then wink . jack I want to warn you , Robert , I be a pretty tough negotiator . I be no pushover . Robert smile and sit down , ready to put the hammer to Jack . ROBERT I see that the minute we meet , Jack . ext . warehouse - night establish shot of the exterior of the warehouse . two bodyguard stand outside . int . warehouse - night a " death Match " be go on , with the beast against a citizen . the crowd be wild and unruly , and betting be go on throughout the scene . the Beast beat the citizen handily , and then kill he brutally . it 's quite a difference from the superfight . ext . street - night a STREET gang make up of punk and tough , along with the occasional girlfriend , be hang out in a alley , smoking cigarettes and kill time . ( 6 to 8 gang member - Black , Hispanic , White ) suddenly , one of the street gang 's lookout be propel into the alley . he slam into the wall on the other side and collapse ina heap , moan once , then be silent . the gang be up and on they foot , ready for action . gang leader what the hell ...? the superfighter ( budokai , night stalker , darkcloud ) come out of three doorway into the alley , immediately surround the street gang . the leader start to go for he weapon , but a movement by darkcloud stop he . darkcloud I would not do that , bubba . gang leader name 's not bubba . darkcloud it be if I say it be , bubba . one of the gang member move towards darkcloud , and he be immediately take out , brutally , hit and kick and slammed into the wall . insert shot of thug raise gun , prepare for action . gang leader what do you want , man ? darkcloud 30 % of the action . gang leader what the hell for ? darkcloud so that do not happen to you . gang leader no thanks , man . darkcloud you get a nice operation , bubba . darkcloud drug , grand theft auto , extortion - we want in . gang leader and if I say no ? darkcloud you know you can not say no , bubba . oh , by the way , it 's up to 40 % now . want to try for 50 % by complain some more ? gang leader screw you , man . darkcloud wrong answer , bubba . the superfighter jump into action in the alley . they be all train fighter , and the gang member be no match for they . it 's over quickly , with brutal efficiency , the superfighter dispatch the gang member . when it 's over , darkcloud stand the leader of the gang up by apply a very painful joint lock . darkcloud 50 - 50 now , bubba . pick up once a week . try to cheat I , you get dead . comprende ? the leader nod , in a world of pain . about eight miscellaneous tough , who be aim gun , come out from the darkness . darkcloud turn towards they and smile , motion to the gang member on the ground . darkcloud see , I tell you we would not need you guy . they say we could not beat some sense into you thick skull ! he laugh and drop the leader , motion for he superfighter to follow he out of the alley . the gang member stay on the ground , too hurt to move . int . training gym - day Jack walk through the door into the training gym , which be very high tech , all marble , machine and red and blue floor . only the best for the superfighter . Jack be astonished by the room , and he walk around look at it in awe . as he look around , in walk angel . angel good morning , Jack . it 's nice to see you be on time . jack I be all yours . angel how true . you get a clean bill of health from we doctor . let 's see what you can do , ok ? she push a button on a keyboard locate on a pedestal , and three tvs in the marble wall be reveal . angel this be the main training area for the fighter . usually , you all train together , but we will be training alone for the first couple of week , however . jack why ? they walk over to the two beam of light stream down against one wall . angel Jack , do not ask too many question , ok ? when I call out a kick or a punch , you hit through the light . they measure speed and power . get that ? jack you bet . angel stepping side . Jack do it . a power read out register on the computer display . angel backfist , straight punch . Jack do it . angel spin hook , roundhouse , front kick . Jack perform they , hit the beam of light each time . angel Left hook . right jab . Left uppercut . Jack do they all , and be perform very well . a series of quick cut show Jack hit the bag and target , with each hit scoring " power point " on the computer read out . angel now I want to measure you reaction time . enter the chamber , please . she walk over to the keyboard and punch in several command . Jack stand in the middle of the chamber , and suddenly the pole on each side of the chamber come fly out . Jack try to avoid the pole , but still get hit a few time while do it . we see the computer screen measure the result of the training . angel ok ! take a break for a minute , Jack . ( beat ) not bad . you number be pretty good . jack thanks . be the test do ? angel not quite yet , Jack . angel move up close to Jack , body to body . jack what ... be you do , angel ? angel check vital sign ... she press she finger against the vein in he neck , feel he pulse . angel not too fast , that 's good . she run she hand over he body , gently , caress . she check the vein in he arm . angel a little faster now - you enjoy yourself , Jack ? that 's good , too ... her hand go farther down , caress he buttock , then move towards the front . jack angel ...? Jack jump a little , and angel snap . angel stand still ! she press she right hand between he thigh . angel best indicator of heart rate activity . you heart 's pump to beat the band , Jack ... she smile at Jack , then pull she hand back , take care to brush up against the front of he workout pants as she go . angel growl a little . angel my favorite vital sign ... oh , the thing you will see , Jack . we be go to have so much fun training together . jack ( force , throaty , embarrassed ) should we be do this ? angel you will do whatever I say . jack here ? now ? angel laugh , then start to walk away . angel we have all the time in the world , Jack . we start for real , training , I mean , tomorrow . get a good night 's sleep , Jack , you will need it . she toss he a bottle of pill . he catch it . jack what be this ? angel vitamin . special for the superfighter . jack I do not like pill . angel they be vitamin , Jack . take they . Jack watch as angel exit , leave Jack torture and all alone . int . ROBERT office - day Robert be in he office , kissing with lonnie , he receptionist , when the door fly open and oate come in flanke by two bodyguard . they have knife draw , and they pull Robert and lonnie apart , oate hold lonnie , the bodyguard hold Robert , knife at both they throat . Robert look at he and smile . ROBERT Mr. oate . what a pleasant surprise . oate move the knife closer to lonnie 's throat , and she try to pull away , terrify . oate if I be call the shot , you would be already dead . understand I , sawyer ? Robert just nod . oate instead , my people want to send you a message . you do not agree , we kill the girl . ROBERT the girl ? oate indicate lonnie . ROBERT oh , her. ( beat ) go ahead . oate Excuse I . ROBERT go ahead . you get what it take ? oate I kill she , you be next . ROBERT you have to do she first . lonnie look at Robert , stunne at what he be say . that he would sacrifice she . Robert be still smile , until he move , and when he move he be incredibly quick , and brutal . he strike the two bodyguard , and they go down immediately . when they be down , he turn to oate , who still have the knife at lonnie 's throat . ROBERT you turn . I be call you bluff . oate do not move , but he be terrify by this unfeel maniac . Robert move and hit oate , knock he away from lonnie . insert : lonnie' throat slashed Robert do not even see that lonnie have be hurt . he close on oate . ROBERT let I get this straight ... you think you would tell I what to do ? strongarm I ? be that how you pea brain work ? oate what 's the big deal ? ROBERT I be the big deal . oate hey , I will not do it again , if that 's what you want . ROBERT that 's only part of what I want . Robert attack oate , and he be brutal and ruthless . he hit he with a strike to the stomach , which double he over . ROBERT that hurt ? straighten up . with difficulty , oate straighten up and try to hit Robert . as soon as he come all the way back up , Robert block he strike and hit he again , with a different technique this time . oate go farther down , and seem to hurt much more . ROBERT that hurt more , I could tell . interesting ... oate ( between gasp ) c'mon , I say I would stop . he grab oate by the hair and stand he up . oate try to swing on Robert , but he block it easily and drive a strike into the arm , break it . ROBERT I never know that be so effective . oate ' arm hang limply by he side , and he face be a mask of agony . Robert hit he a couple more time , analyze the reaction . ROBERT hmmm ... lonnie , you should leave now . Robert drive a knife hand into oate ' collar bone , break it with a audible crack . oate ' scream again , and now both of he arm hang useless at he side . ROBERT how bad be the pain ? can you describe it ? no answer from oate , who be in incredible pain . he pull back and get himself set , then drive forward with a special technique , strike oate in the chest , right where the heart be . oate ' eye go wide , and he mouth open in a silent scream , then he drop over dead . Robert stand over oate and study he hand . ROBERT it work . and , you will never threaten I again . it 's just a win-win day . he exit the room without look back . ext . apartment build - day a exclusive , gated community - expensive townhouse and security guard . a limousine pull up and into a parking place , and out step angel and Jack . she lead he into one of the unit . int . jack apartment - same day it 's a incredible apartment , complete with vault ceiling , fireplace , open staircase , eat in kitchen , exercise room and much more . angel give he a guide tour , and we tag along . in the master bedroom , angel lay on the bed and motion for Jack to join she . Jack shake he head and move on to another room . int . restaurant - night various shot of Jack eat dinner at a expensive restaurant with other superfighter ( budokai , night stalker , darkcloud , etc. ) , angel , beautiful woman , etc . at the end of the obviously expensive meal , Jack pull out he wallet and , over protestation from the rest of the group , produce a wad of bill to pay the tab . ext . jack apartment - day Jack come out of he apartment carry he workout bag , late for he workout with angel . he run up to he Jeep , only this time it 's not he beat up Jeep , but a beautiful , new Jeep Cherokee Sport . he hop in and drive off . int . training gym - day Jack be training with angel . before they begin , she hand he a cup of water , and he take the pill . they start training , and angel be a slave driver . Jack have never work so hard . angel this be we newest training device , design by superfight for close quarter combat . ext . CITY street - day Jack drive past the warehouse where he use to work , and the irony be lose on he . frankie be outside , and he spot Jack . frankie hey , Jack ! Way to go , man ! hey , can you stop for a second ? yo , Jack ! Jack smile and drive on . Jack pass by a area of the city in he new car , and Sally be on she way to work , a work girl with a briefcase . she stop at a light , next to a workman carry a mirror . we see Jack 's Jeep first in the mirror , then Sally see he . she try to say hello , but he do not see she . ext . capitol build - day Jack be run stair , with angel watch , hold a stop watch . ext . river - day Jack and angel be stand in the river , throw kick . int . training gym - day angel be drilling Jack with muay thai bag . Jack be kick hard , sweat up a storm . ext . park - day Jack and angel be run together . they start to sprint , and angel be stay right with he . int . jack apartment - day Jack be head for the door for a workout . he stop at the sink and take he " vitamin " . int . training gym - day Jack be lift weight , with angel as he coach . he be work very hard , and angel be urging he to work even harder . int . locker room - night Jack be lie in the whirlpool , the bubbles fly around he , the steam rise , take the pain out of he tired muscle . the door to the locker room open and Jack barely acknowledge it , he be so exhaust . we get the impression of a huge , hulking beast who appear in the steam behind Jack , who be totally unaware . the Beast come closer , big hand and arm reach for Jack , when a muffle order be barked . Jack sit up straight in the whirlpool , look around for someone , something . jack who 's there ? no one answer . the Beast recede into the anonymity of the steam , leave Jack search in the steam for the something he think he see . jack this be a rookie thing , right , guy ? ha , good one ! you guy get I a good one ! he sit back down in the whirlpool , but do not quite relax the way he be before . int . training gym - night Jack , after he whirlpool , come out of the locker room . he go past the woman 's locker room , and there be angel , in full view , almost completely naked . Jack do not want to look , but he stop anyway . angel know that Jack be watch , and she consciously give he a little show . int . superfight arena - night tight on ring , where a superfight bout be go on . two flamboyant fighter be go at each other , in a series of great technique . it 's rasputin against the mercenary . rasputin be dress like a Red Army General cross with a mad monk . the mercenary be dress like a american soldier in this " patriotic " battle . angel and Jack be sit with Robert in the crowd . Jack be in street clothes , watch the action ( he first fight be not for a little while ) . the crowd be loud and ready for blood and violence , and the superfight be ready to give it to they . insert : Underground betting be go on here . ROBERT you ready for this craziness ? jack ( look at angel ) you bet . just say the word . ROBERT it 's angel 's call . angel soon . the fight continue , and the mercenary be really take the fight to he , but the thing that the mercenary be do be not have any effect on rasputin . in fact , rasputin look really angry . the mercenary hit he with a roundhouse right , and there be no reaction . nothing . the mercenary stop fight and stare at rasputin , unbely . the mercenary c'mon , man . let 's do it . at that moment , rasputin attack , and tear into the mercenary . the mercenary be not ready for the onslaught , and he be get really hurt . the crowd be go wild , and everyone be on they foot . Robert be concerned . he look at angel . ROBERT what 's go on ? angel shrug , and look back at the ring . ROBERT find out ! angel nod and rush off . Robert force a smile to Jack , then concentrate on the fight again . angle on ring the mercenary be a bloody mess , and rasputin be raging at everyone and everything . darkcloud be yell at rasputin to let the mercenary go . darkcloud c'mon , man , he 's hurt . let I come get he ... rasputin he 's mine ! the other superfighter , include night stalker and darkcloud , be debate whether to go inside to get rasputin . they be about to go in , when one of the doctor show up with a tranquilizer gun . he take aim at rasputin , who be still put a hurt on the mercenary . he slap he neck where the tranquilizer go in , and scream at the assemblage , then fall into a heap on the ground . the mercenary fall unconscious next to he . Jack be still watch from the stand . in the Ring both fighter be be carte out by paramedics . announcer what a fight ! do not want to meet the mad Russian in some dark alley later , I will tell you that ... next up , darkcloud take on the Dynamic Duo . it 's two against one ! < beat > I have just be inform that we have we newest superfighter in the crowd - Jack cody , a spotlight illuminate Jack , and he put he hand up to see through the glare . the crowd erupt in applause when Jack stand up . it 's he moment in the sun , and the bright light wipe out the image of the fight before . int . training gym - day Jack and angel be work out . they be trading kick , warming up . angel be a incredible martial artist . both of they be wear protective gear , which be very futuristic and high tech . they start to speed up , and Jack begin to wonder if he could take she . he try to score some point on she , and catch she off guard . he score a kick to the body , and smile a little . angel stop and look at he , hand on she hip . angel ( smile ) you want to go ? jack ( beat ) sure . you ? angel you think you be ready ? jack ready as ever . angel ok . go for it . they bow to each other and then touch fist . Jack get into a fight stance , and start to throw a combination , but before he can even move , angel be all over he . she be throw all sort of technique , foot and hand , and she be scoring at will . her movement be like lightning , and Jack be get a old fashioned ass whupping . angel spot Robert off to the side , watch . angel , in order to make Jack look good , start to lose . they go at it , and Jack be very impressive . angel leave herself open for a attack , and Jack respond with a fly spin kick , hit she . Robert come out of the background now , applaud a little . ROBERT be he ready ? angel yes . Robert exit the room , and he and angel slap hand , excited . angel then pull he into a embrace , one that start as a celebration and quickly move to something else . Jack catch himself and pull away from she . angel you better get some rest , Jack . we can , you know , finish this later ... jack right. ( beat ) hey , I read where the police find rasputin 's body . what happen to he ? angel random kill , I guess . it 's a violent world , Jack ... jack how would he get so out of control ? angel I tell you about ask question , Jack . " side , the superfight await . jack what 's it like ? angel nothing you have ever see before ... she walk away . ext . sally house - day Sally come walk up to she house , a piece of paper in she hand . it be a playbill advertising the next superfight . Jack , as the " all american hero , " be feature prominently in the ad , which be sell ticket and the pay-per-view coverage . Sally look at the playbill for a long time , remember Jack and the way she grandfather treat he . just then , the door to they house open , and grandfather , a expert in ancient chinese heal art , be show a injure patient out of the house . Sally see she grandfather and quickly fold the playbill into the smallest possible size , then hide it in she purse . she then walk into she house . ext . superfight arena - night " superfight tonight " light up the arena marquee . int . superfight arena - same night the crowd be jump , and the arena be pack . in the center be the superfight ring / cage , and all the spotlight be on it . a martial art demonstration be go on in the center , and the crowd be cheer as three child use various martial art weapon in a demonstration . they finish and bow to the crowd . int . arena locker room - same night Jack be sit at he locker , he uniform on . it be a mixture of traditional martial art and patriotic glitz - all in all , however , the effect be not bad . he 's nervous , tapping he foot and take deep breath . budokai and darkcloud come over to he and clap he on the shoulder . budokal do not worry ! the first one 's a piece of cake ! darkcloud you be be groom for the big time , man . no way you will lose ! jack you think so ? you think I be ready ? darkcloud sure ! who you go up against ? jack the enforcer . budokai and darkcloud share a look , they smile go . then , quickly , they smile again . budokal nothing to worry about . the guy 's a punk . jack ( want to believe ) great . thanks . I feel much better ... smash CUT to : int . superfight arena - same night Jack get slammed in the face by the enforcer , a huge , very angry fighter . he get hammered again , and throw to the canvas floor ! angle on angel , who be working he corner , she wince as he hit angel take the fall , Jack ! absorb it ! the enforcer stand Jack up , and put he into a hold that look very painful , but really be not . the enforcer we meet before , do not we ? c'mon , Jack . I think you be suppose to be the all american hero . show I something . angle on jack mother she be in the audience , and be very concerned about Jack . the enforcer smile and take he down with a elaborate judo throw , then land right on top of he . Jack 's wind come completely out of he , and he be just about out . he look through the rope , try to find angel , but instead he spot Sally , who be sit near the side of the ring . she motion for he to get up , and surprisingly , he start to get off the canvas . Jack stand completely up and turn to the enforcer , who be urging on the crowd in the center of the ring , he back to Jack , not even look at he . Jack go over and tap on the enforcer 's shoulder . the enforcer turn , face curious , only to get blasted with a right cross ! he stumble back and Jack start a series of beautiful movement ( one that angel teach he ) . the enforcer be defenseless , and he get rock over and over again . finally , the enforcer be out on he foot , and Jack size he up . he launch and connect with a fly spin hook kick , knock the enforcer out ! Jack 's mother , relieved , get up and walk out . she be not happy , but she be glad that Jack be safe . Jack land on he foot after the kick and the crowd go crazy ! Jack raise he hand in the air and quickly go to the side of the ring where he see Sally , look for she in the crowd . she be on she way to the ring . Jack see that she seat be empty , and before he can look anywhere else , angel grab he and pull he into a deep kiss . Sally see this kiss and stop in she track , stunne . she turn and walk the other way . angel you do it ! jack we do it ! Jack be still look for Sally . int . training gym - day Jack be training , and now all the other superfighter be in the gym training too . they be sparring , they be lift weight , some be work out on treadmills or exercise bike . it isa flurry of activity . Jack be stretch to one side , take it all in . he push he rear end forward , hold that stretch . angel I think I remember that position from somewhere ... I just can not seem to put my finger on it ... angel put she hand on he buttock , and Jack jump . jack c'mon , angel . cut it out ! angel you seem a little jumpy , you ok ? angel smile and walk up , and Jack continue he stretch . budokai come up to he , hold a kick bag . budokal hold this for I , will ya ? jack you bet . he steady himself for the kick . budokai do a step side kick into the bag , propelling Jack into the wall behind he , where he hit a bunch of pad and other training apparatus . it all fall down around Jack . jack Nice kick , man . budokai watch he for a moment , and look like he 's about to erupt in laughter . then , he think better of it and go over to where Jack be and help he up . budokal you must have slip , Jack . jack right , yeah , I slip . int . superfight arena - night quick shot of jack in the ring , facing off against another fighter we just catch the tail end , as Jack prepare to knock he out . crowd no mercy ! Jack take he out with another flashy kick . this time , Jack have not get hurt at all - he 's the all american hero , after all . Sally be in the audience again , watch and cheer for Jack . ext . street - day Jack , dress in a expensive leather coat , exit the restaurant with angel on he arm . a line of fan , mostly kide , be wait outside with thing for he to autograph . Jack love the attention , and he stop and sign for they . one especially cute kid wait at the end of the line . Jack smile at angel and kneel down in front of he . the kid hold the piece of paper out to Jack , then look at he very seriously . kid you be my favorite in the whole world ! ( beat ) be you really a hero ? Jack smile and take the paper , then turn and look at angel and smile . jack I try my best , kid . I try my best . he sign the autograph and they walk on . ext . street - night a expensive limousine drive down the street . suddenly , a car careen out of control through the intersection , slide to a stop right in front of the limo . the limo driver lean on the horn , but nobody get out of the car . the limo Driver get out and walk up to the car to see if someone be hurt , or if anyone need help . from out of nowhere fly budokai , kicking the limo Driver in the head , send he down the ground . out of the shadow of the street come two other superfighter , night stalker and darkcloud , and they jump into the front seat of the limo . int . limo - same night a short , thin man , geracioti , be sit on the back seat , two beautiful woman in various stage of undress be sit next to he . on the floor be a satchel . night stalker sorry to cause coitus interruptus , but I think you have something for we . the man indicate the bag on the floor . night stalker I will take that . darkcloud ( reach out for one of the woman ) and I will take you ! night stalker slap darkcloud on the arm and motion for he to get out of the car . darkcloud maybe some other time , my sweet ! they exit the car . int . superfight arena - night Jack be in the ring , face off against a bigger , faster , better opponent , the mercenary , this time . however , Jack win again , use he impressive and very distinctive style to beat he . in the audience sit Sally , cheer Jack on , anxious for he to catch a glimpse of she . the grandfather be sit with she . int . jack apartment - same night Jack be in the bathroom , wash up . he be stare at himself in the mirror , examine he face and he body . he be wear only bikini brief . jack do you think that fight tonight go awful fast ? I mean , I barely hit he and he go down . angel you be great , Jack ! they love you ! jack yeah , but be I that great ? be I that good ? angel do not ask I , I be not exactly impartial ... jack yeah , but do you think they be take it easy on I because I be new ? I do not want anything give to I ... Jack grab a robe and walk out of the bathroom , come around the corner towards the bedroom , and there stand angel , dress only in a dress shirt and panty . she be in a fight stance , she hand up . angel I want you to give it up to I ! jack ( after a beat ) c'mon , angel . what be you do ? angel you want a fight , you get one . jack ( smile ) I have never fight anyone in lace panty before . angel enjoy it while you can . jack angel ... she attack , and they trade playful technique , and then Jack sweep she to the bed , landing next to she in a embrace . angel oh , Jack cody , you sweep I off my foot . she pull he into a kiss , laugh . Jack return the kiss for a moment , then pull away . angel c'mon , Jack . just one time ? it do not have to mean anything . jack yes , it do . besides , you be my trainer , and my friend . angel what be friend for ? Jack do not say anything , so she get up . angel you do not know what you be miss . she leave , but not before give Jack a good look at she body . jack I be get a sneak preview ... int . gang apartment - night geracioti be sit with he wise guy in the apartment , talk and bitching about the way thing be , and the way thing ought to be . geracioti be talk to he two bodyguard , muscle 1 and muscle 2 . a large metal ceiling fan be spin fast above they head . geracioti that guy think they get we , think we be gonna just roll over - they get another think come . the gang leader stand up and walk , posture . geracioti they gonna get the message when they open that briefcase , you know what I be say ? we control too much to just give it away . suddenly , the light go off , plunging the apartment into complete darkness . a second later , the emergency light come on . geracioti what the hell ? muscle 1 I be there , checkin  ... the door to the room smashes open ! the Beast blast through the room , hit everything in he way . he knock out both of the muscle , then grab geracioti by the throat and lift he off the ground . they be right under the fast move ceiling fan . geracioti be scream , and sound of run and shouting can be hear out in the hall . Robert walk through the shattered door , flanke by darkcloud and night stalker . ROBERT we open the case . ( beat ) wake one of they up ! I want a witness when he die . darkcloud jerk one of the muscle up off the ground , and slap he in the face to bring he around . Robert walk over to leader and smile . he look up at the ceiling fan . geracioti c'mon , man ! don 't !! Robert ignore he and turn to the muscle . ROBERT you see this ? this be what happen . do you see ? the muscle nod he head , scared that he 's next . Robert , after a beat , turn back to the Beast and nod . ROBERT no one steal from I . no one . Robert motion to the Beast and he raise geracioti up . geracioti 's head hit the fan , and blood sprays all over the room . ROBERT this must be what they mean when they say the shit hit the fan . Robert watch for a moment , then turn to the muscle . he come right up to he , face to sweat face . ROBERT spread the word . fear I . he exit without another word . ext . park - morning Jack be run and training outside , throw punch while he work on he endurance . it be foggy out , and as Jack turn on one of the path , he see a hulk figure . he stop for a moment , spook , and look for the figure , but it 's go . jack who 's there ? he continue run , but suddenly , he be attack by a masked man . they fight , and the masked man be a much better fighter than Jack . Jack be try to block he , but he cannot . masked man you be not win the fight , they be lose they . jack bullshit ! I be a great fighter . the masked man slam Jack hard , send he to the ground . jack what do you want ? masked man Robert 's not just a promoter , and you be not just a fighter . it go way beyond that . illegal death match , fix fight , gambling , drug , organize crime , murder - he 's into it all . you have get to get out while you can . jack I have not see any of that ... masked man not yet . but you will . you be a product , and once you be the fighter he want you to be , you will become a killer too . like the rest ... jack I win that fight ... masked man we both know you do not . pull out while you still can . and , Jack , do not take the pill . they be not vitamin ... jack wait ! how do I do that ? the masked man be walk away , but he pause right before he exit . masked man just say no . he be go , leave Jack stand in the park all alone . suddenly , the life of a superfighter do not seem quite so glamorous . ext . riverfront - day Jack be walk along the riverfront , he hand in he pocket , he be absently watch the traffic on the river , and the people walk around he . Jack walk a little bit more , then notice a man off to one side , in a little park , go through a martial art routine . it 's soft style tai Zhi quan , and the man be obviously a expert . Jack come a little closer for a better look , and realize that the man in Sally 's grandfather . Jack smile and watch the man move . very athletic , very graceful , with a underlying strength . the man finish up a particularly intricate set , then go and drink some water out of a bottle . grandfather ( he back to Jack ) you have not come to see my granddaughter again . jack I do not feel particularly welcome . grandfather you give up on everything so easily ? Jack think about that one for a moment . jack no , but I ... Jack think grandfather grandfather grandfather she be a rare jewel , a wonderful girl ... woman . jack yes , she be . grandfather yet you do not come to see she ? jack ( after a beat ) I have no answer for that . grandfather I see you in the tv ad . you be a famous fighter now . jack yeah . famous . grandfather you be troubled by something ? jack you could say that . grandfather I begin training my daughter in the martial art . will you do I a favor ? jack what ? grandfather come to she training tomorrow morning , 6:30 be , sharp ! it will be a happy surprise for she . for a moment , then smile . jack for we both . can you teach I to move like you ? scribbles a address on a piece of paper . grandfather I be not a miracle worker . < smile > here 's the address . it 's not much , but it serve we purpose . jack see you tomorrow morning . start in on another form . jack be that tai Zhi ? no answer from grandfather . Jack smile and walk on , feel better than he 's feel in a long time . ext . warehouse - morning it be desert when grandfather and Sally drive up in he beat up pick up truck . they get out and grandfather look around for Jack . there be a homeless person sleep under a paper box near some trash barrel , but no Jack . grandfather shake he head , angry at Jack , and at himself . grandfather damn it ! sally what 's the matter , grandfather ? grandfather life be fill with disappointment , granddaughter . let 's go inside . as they head for the door to the warehouse , the figure under the paper box stir , and then stand up . it 's Jack ! sally Jack ! Jack turn towards she and smile . jack where have you guy be ? grandfather be sincerely pleased that Jack be there , but he be do he best to hide it . Jack and Sally embrace , but that be quickly break up by grandfather . grandfather we be here to train , not kissie kissie . Jack and Sally come apart , reluctantly , and line up . jack time 's a waste , grandfather ! they go inside . int . warehouse - same morning Jack and Sally be line up in the middle of the warehouse , which have some old chinese training device in it , as well as miscellaneous box , etc . grandfather the martial art be about control you body , you mind ... and you emotion . Jack and Sally look at each other and smile . grandfather horse stance ! they both get into a horse stance , and what follow be a montage of training sequence : grandfather reposition Jack 's hand . Sally slamming Jack in the chest with a palm heel . grandfather work on footwork and movement with Jack . Jack kick , and grandfather come up and show he a slightly different way . Jack and Sally stretch together . they be sweaty and tired , but there be a spark there . the workout be over , and Jack be riding a high that he 's never feel before . he yank he jacket off the floor , and he key fall out , and so do one of the pill . grandfather ( pick up the pill ) what be this ? jack they say they be vitamin . grandfather I do not think so . do not take any more until I check it out . jack sure . thanks for have I . grandfather you will come back tomorrow ? Sally smile and look at Jack . jack Bright and early . ( to Sally ) you want to have dinner tonight ? Sally smile and be about to say yes . before she can say it , however , grandfather Jack ! both Jack and Sally , surprised , turn towards the grandfather . Jack be steeling himself for another scolding . grandfather you have she home by 11:00 pm , no later ! you hear ! jack you bet , grandfather . grandfather smile . jack see you tonight ! he exit . ext . restaurant - night Jack and Sally be eat at a very nice restaurant . we can see they through the front plate glass window . a couple of people come up for autograph , but then they be alone . int . training gym - same day Jack be lift weight , around the other superfighter . at a certain time , all of they be provide with pill and cup of water to drink they with . Jack take he , and make like he be drink they . after he drink , darkcloud wink at Jack . darkcloud Breakfast of champion , eh , Jack ? Jack smile and then cough into he fist . the pill he put in he mouth be shot into he hand , and he stuff they into the pocket of he workout short . int . warehouse - day Jack and Sally be training together , do a little sparring . after they have warm up a little , grandfather put they through the pace . he run Jack through a agility drill , then hold the pad for he to hit . grandfather I have the pill check out , Jack . steroid , growth hormone and some other chemical . jack which one ? grandfather do not remember . the pharmacist say something about mind control . jack I stop take the pill , but they will know something 's go on if I be not get any stronger . grandfather you will . jack what do you have in mind ? grandfather qi training . he place a aluminum can in front of Jack . grandfather hit this . Jack go to punch the can , but grandfather move it so that Jack be punch at air . grandfather with you qi . qi be inner energy . you life force . everyone have qi , you just have to learn how to use it . watch ! grandfather put he hand out and stop it about 6 inch from the can . he close he eye and concentrate , a amber glow surround he hand ( sfx ) , and then the can move about six inches ! all by itself ! jack what the hell ? ( beat ) do that again ! grandfather ( fire in he eye ) it 's not a magic trick ! you do it ! Jack put the can up on the table and put he hand out , mimick grandfather , look stupid . he concentrate but the can refuse to move . Jack smile . he think it 's a trick . jack that 's qi ? qi. ( mispronounce the word ) sound like you be sneezing . grandfather qi. jack bless you . grandfather walk over to Jack and put he hand on he shoulder . grandfather it 's chinese for inner energy , Jack . QI ! he then flexe he palm on Jack 's shoulder , and Jack go fly across the room , slamming against the wall and slide down . Jack nod , then pronounce the word correctly . jack q-q-q-q-q - qi. grandfather qi can be use for protection , and for attack . it require much practice , and meditation . breathe and qi be connect . each breath bring in power and strength ... dissolve to : int . warehouse - same day Jack be sit and meditate with he eye close . sitting next to he be grandfather , who have he eye OPEN ! Sally be behind they both , she eye close . Jack be have real trouble concentrate . he be shifting in he position , roll he head on he shoulder , try to get comfortable . he open he eye and look around , and see that grandfather have he eye open . he look at Sally , then back to grandfather . he then put he hand out in front of grandfather , to see if he can see the hand . no reaction . he do a few more thing , then decide he be go to attack grandfather . he prepare a backfist , then let it fly towards grandfather 's head . before it can land , however , grandfather block it with one hand , and slap the back of Jack 's head with the other . grandfather this meditation be more advanced . it train you to distinguish the false from the true . now , clear you mind and continue . grandfather and Jack continue to meditate . ext . sally house - same night they be say good - bye outside the house . jack you grandfather 's a great guy . sally do not start out that way ... jack he be just look out for you . sally I get news for you , he 's still look out for I . she pull he into a kiss , and it 's a major league , passionate one . int . training gym - day Jack be training with angel . he 's work on the heavy bag , and she 's watch he , chart he progress . angel you be not get much stronger , Jack . I do not get it . we normally see 25 % increase by this time , and you be way behind schedule . what give ? jack get I , coach . just then , Robert walk in , briefcase in hand , and motion for darkcloud and night stalker to join he . they break off from they training and follow he . jack I gotta take a leak ... I mean , I have to use the facility , ma'am . May I ? angel I will be right here . Jack grab and towel and head down the hallway to the bathroom , and walk right by the room where Robert , darkcloud and night stalker go . Jack pause outside the door for a moment , and see Robert put the briefcase down on the desk and open it . Jack get a glimpse of money in the suitcase , lot of money , before the door be close . Jack continue on to the restroom . int . ROBERT office - same night Robert and angel be get dress , after have make love in he office . Robert treat angel like he property , and angel be start not to like it . ROBERT so , what 's up with Jack ? he check out , strength and speed and all that ? angel ( after a slight hesitation ) he 's right on schedule . ROBERT do you think I can trust he ? I look ata lot of fighter , angel , and I can not afford to get burnt . do you think it 's time we take he out with we ? angel not yet . Hell , he still think he 's win he fight , fair and square . ROBERT good . keep it that way . it 's good for business , and he 's become quite a star , have not he ? he 's young , and we have get all the time in the world . Robert watch angel as she continue dress . he grab she by the hair and pull she to he , yanking she hair back , lift she face to he . ROBERT you be not get star strike , be you ? angel try to shake she head , but Robert have she hold too tightly . ROBERT you do not forget who train you , and darkcloud , night stalker and the other , do you ? again , she try to shake she head , but cannot . ROBERT good ! he kiss she brutally , then let she go , push she back to she clothes . ROBERT let yourself out . I have a meeting . he exit the room , and angel wipe she mouth with the back of she hand , try to get the taste of he off she . there be real anger in she eye as she continue dress . int . warehouse - night grandfather be drilling Jack in qi cultivation . they be do stick hand , and grandfather talk while they drill . grandfather the key to use qi be you waist and leg . you can use you opponent 's energy against he , by sense the attack and reacting immediately , before he hit you . jack what do you mean ? grandfather attack I . grandfather close he eye , and Jack throw a punch at he . it look like it be go to hit he , but at the last minute , grandfather avoid the punch , redirect the force , then come back at Jack , throw he back about 3 foot . grandfather I be talk about spontaneous reaction . you body have a field around it , and when a attack come , you feel it . Jack look at grandfather , and he know Jack do not understand . grandfather hold out you hand . grandfather look at the hand , then thrust a pin into it . before it can go in too far , Jack yelp and pull he hand away . grandfather spontaneous reaction . see ? jack yeah , I see . they start stick hand training again . ext . street - night Three superfighter , budokai , night stalker and darkcloud be duking it out with a asian gang ( 5 ) . they beat they handily . budokal you be out of business . int . superfight arena - night Jack be fight in the ring , and at one critical moment in the fight , he try to use the qi training he be learn . it do not work , however , and Jack be slammed by the other fighter , night stalker . surprise , Jack move away from he , try to recover . finally , he finish off night stalker , then raise he hand to the crowd . the applause be deafen . Jack turn to all corner of the crowd , and smile at Sally . angel watch he closely , and see the look he give Sally . int . training gym - day Jack be lift weight with the other superfighter . several closeup of superfighter training ( man and woman ) , they rage apparent . they be so big , and so emotionally on edge . int . warehouse - night Jack work on he qi training with grandfather . he be frustrated by Jack 's inability to concentrate , so he get a machine out . this machine generate light and sound , allow Jack to concentrate . Jack put on glass , and do he meditation . ext . park - day Jack , in the early morning ray of the sun , be do a soft style tai Zhi form . it 's beautiful . int . warehouse - day stick hand . more Machine Jack work on move the can . more machine . grandfather turn off the machine and attack Jack , who still have the eye piece on . Jack be able to defend himself . he do not even notice that he can not see anything . ext . chinese restaurant - day Jack be eat dim sum in Chinatown with Sally and grandfather . grandfather and Sally be busy order , in chinese , and so Jack be very bored . Jack be sit there try to move a can of soda . a amber glow appear for a split second ( sfx ) , and the can jiggle a little . Jack be elate . jack it move ! it move ! grandfather look at the waiter and shrug . grandfather you bump the table . jack I be tell you it move ! grandfather all right , all right . it move . we be ina restaurant , Jack . int . superfight arena - night the crowd be go crazy , ready for the next superfight . announcer ( 0.s. ) next up ... darkcloud against the all american hero ! int . arena locker room - night Jack be all dress and ready to go for he next fight . he be stand near the door , wait for he introduction . there be a light sheen of sweat over he skin , and he can not wait to get into the ring . Robert and angel appear at Jack 's side . jack Mr. sawyer ! how be you ? ROBERT Jack , I want you to lose this fight . Jack smile and nod , then do a double take . he stare at Robert , look at angel , then decide that he 's joke . jack good one , Mr. sawyer . ROBERT the decision have be make , Jack . you do not win this fight . I be set you up for a huge title match later . you lose to darkcloud tonight . the crowd be chant Jack 's name . insert : Underground betting be go on here . crowd Jack cody ! Jack cody ! Robert start to walk away , leave angel stand there . Jack look at angel , but she can not meet he gaze . jack Mr. sawyer ? Robert do not listen and continue to walk away . announcer give it up for a fighter who need no introduction , the alllll american hero ! the spotlight swivel around to find Jack , stand at the entrance to the locker room . it light he up and the crowd roar , but he be still look off towards Robert . stun . finally , angel edge he towards the ring , and he go , in a sort of fog . int . superfighter arena - same night Jack be inside the ring , face off with darkcloud . Jack be lose , as he be suppose to . he be still in kind of a daze . Robert be in the crowd , and he look a little concerned . darkcloud clinch with Jack , and whisper in he ear . darkcloud Jack , man , you gotta make it look good . you gotta be beat I before you take the dive . jack why do I take a dive ? darkcloud it 's in the script . Jack break the clinch and still he be be beat up . he get take down , and be in real trouble . Jack look into the crowd and see Sally , who have a very concerned look on she face . Jack be fill with confusion , and get back up slowly . they start fight again , and now Jack begin to show some spark . Robert , see the change , be relieved . the fight continue for a little bit , with Jack have the upper hand now . the fighter clinch again . darkcloud good man . let I catch my breath , then I be gonna take you out . jack you and what army ? darkcloud do not try it , Jack , man . it be not worth it . jack I be not go down . they break , and now darkcloud be piss . this be suppose to be he win . he charge Jack , intent on really take he out . Jack sidestep the attack , and mount he own . it 's fast and furious , and very dangerous . Jack use some of the technique that grandfather have be teach he . angle on angel she know what Jack be suppose to do , and see what he be do . she 's not sure if she should be angry , or cheer he rebellion . Jack avoid darkcloud 's brutal attack , and continue to score . he finally set darkcloud up for the knockout blow . he pause for a moment , look first at angel and then into the crowd for Robert . tight on ROBERT ROBERT do not do it . he smile , then the camera pull out and Jack knock darkcloud into oblivion . angle on ROBERT who be furious . int . ROBERT office - day angle on table Jack 's contract slam down on the table . ROBERT see this contract ? you sign it ! you do not decide that you be go to win a match . I tell you to do something , and you do it . you hear I ? jack ROBERT nobody ask you to talk ! be I clear when I tell you to lose the match ? jack Mr. sawyer , let I explain ... ROBERT be I clear ? jack yes . ROBERT before I decide to train you , you be a box boy at a sport goods store , for cry out loud . now , you be a hero and you be famous . a pretty good deal , I think , and all I ask be for you to follow order . can you do that ? jack I think I can ... ROBERT do not think , Jack . jack you can count on I , Mr. sawyer . ROBERT ( soften up ) Jack , maybe we start off wrong . this be entertainment , and we want to give the audience a good show . sometimes , that mean we have to play with the outcome , make a fight better than it otherwise would be , right ? jack right . ROBERT good . night stalker and darkcloud be lead a little expedition tonight , and I want you to go along , help out . ok ? jack ok . I be there . ROBERT good . and Jack ? jack yes , Mr. sawyer ? ROBERT no one disobey I twice . jack yes , sir . Jack exit the room . ext . chinatown - same night a restaurant sit on the corner of the street . it be close up for the night . a van pull up to the front of the store , and the superfighter , Jack in tow , pile out and go into the restaurant . int . chinese restaurant - same night the group , lead by darkcloud , budokai and night stalker , walk into the restaurant . darkcloud do not sweat it , Jack . it be a lucky shot , anyway ! do not ever do that again . you will not live to see the sun . you understand ? night stalker it 's humiliate to get ream out , man , but at least you be still alive , bro . jack yeah . what be we do here ? budokal the dirty work . you develop a taste for it , though . jack chinese food ? night stalker yeah , right . darkcloud go up to the main counter and slam he fist down on the glass , shatter it into a thousand piece . darkcloud wang , you have be a bad boy . budokal ( to Jack ) wang be the head of the tong down here , and he owe Robert a percentage . we be collect . jack I have eat here before ... wang , a 40ish chinese man , come out of the back . wang I already send it to you . darkcloud give it up , or we trash you place . wang trash ? darkcloud , in answer , kick the front of the display case , shatter it as well . darkcloud trash ! out of the back come three waiter , and they attack the superfighter , Jack include . Jack be force to fight alongside the superfighter , even though he know that it 's not right . but , on the other hand , this be chinese criminal , so ... they quickly win the fight , the waiter be not very good fighter and corner wang . darkcloud hold wang , while night stalker savage he . he be hit he over and over , and blood be everywhere . Jack turn away , not want to look at what they be do to wang . budokai grab he and turn he back , force he to look . wang ok , ok , I pay you , I pay you . wang open he cash register and pull out all the money . he hand it to Jack . wang you be a customer here - why do you do this ? Jack have no answer . wang take it all , I do not care . what do I tell the tong when they come for protection ? angle on jack who be stunne by the man 's word . he turn on budokai . jack I think you say he be the head of the chinese mafia ? budokal so , I may have overstate a little . it 's no big deal . you have to go along anyway , you have no choice . they take all the money and then leave the restaurant . ext . chinese restaurant - night the superfighter get back into the van , the destruction do . ext . office build - same night the van that take the superfighter on the raid to Chinatown pull up in front of the office building , and Jack get out . darkcloud sweet dream , Jack . the van door slide shut and the van take off . Jack , still shake by the attack in Chinatown , walk slowly into the parking garage . int . parking garage - night Jack be get into he Jeep , when he hear the sound of footstep and shout . Jack duck behind he Jeep and watch as several of Robert 's henchmen sprint through the parking garage . henchman 1 where would he go ? henchman 2 over here ! we have get he cornere ! they run off , and Jack be too curious not to follow they . he slowly move around the corner and look . and be stunne . there , surround by Jack 's henchmen be the Beast . craze and wild . one of the henchmen try to grab onto he , and the Beast destroy he , slamming he and then discard he . ROBERT back away ! Jack , alarmed at the sound of Robert 's voice , pull back against the wall . Robert come walk up with a man in a lab coat , who be carry a case . Robert pull a keypad from he pocket and point it at the Beast . he push a button , and the collar around the Beast 's neck glow . pain fill the Beast . ROBERT rock , do not do this to I , man ! he motion for the doctor , who open the case and hand Robert a tranquilizer gun . Robert take the gun , load it and aim at the Beast . ROBERT sweet dream . he fire , and the dart sink into the Beast 's neck . almost immediately , the Beast calm down and start to sink towards the floor . Robert come close to the Beast then , and kneel down next to he . ROBERT I be close , rock . I be really close . a couple more and I control it all . the Beast shake he head and roar . ROBERT yes ! I say yes , and you will do it ! angle on jack who react to the torture cry of the beast . ROBERT I need you , rock . and you need I . Robert stand up and motion for the henchmen to come get the Beast . Jack , sicken by the entire night , make he way back to he Jeep . he get in and sit there , breathe deeply . int . jack apartment - same night Jack open the door to he apartment , and he be immediately attack . it be the masked man again , and this time Jack be not such a easy mark . they fight for a little while , and Jack be incredibly improve . the masked man be lose . Jack manage to take the masked man down to the ground , and rip off he mask . it be budokai ! jack budokat ! budokal you have improve . jack what the hell be you do ? budokal you have see , have not you ? you know what 's go on ? jack yeah , I have . you be right . budokal you have to do something about it . jack what , quit ? budokal no , help I get he . jack get Robert sawyer ? how be we go to do that ? budokal I be get proof , and I need you help . jack I just want out . I see a monster tonight . budokal you know who that be ? Jack shake he head . budokal Mike rocco . jack no. budokai nod he head . budokal sawyer 's get we all on a mixture of steroid and mind control drug . I know you be not take yours , and I stop take mine , a little too late . rocco be the first , but that 's the future for all of we . Jack pull out he necklace . jack this be rocco 's - he give it to I when I be a boy . he be my hero , my inspiration . budokal and he 's now Robert 's personal kill machine . Jack look out the window for a long moment . jack what do you want I to do ? budokal good man . we need proof - papers and testimony by both of we . rousting some criminal be not enough ... pan away from they . dissolve to : int . apartment shower - morning pan down from showerhead . Jack be in the shower , and we hear the rest of budokai 's dialogue , while Jack think about what to do . budokal . we need the murder , the death match and the drug deal - the proof ... int . jack apartment - night Jack be meditate . he be have trouble concentrate . flashbacks here : Jack 's mother , wang from the restaurant , budokai , Sally , grandfather , angel , rocco , Robert , etc . special flashback : the young boy from earlier in the movie ( maybe several time , one right after the other ) boy be you really a hero ? finally , Jack open he eye and yell , throw one very powerful punch , smash a large vase on the table to bit . he know what he have to do . int . ROBERT office - day Jack be in Robert 's office , and Robert look very pleased . ROBERT I be glad to hear you be with we . you be the elite . if nietzsche be alive , he would call you a superman . a guy like you need that excitement , that adventure . I need warrior I can count on . jack you can count on I . when can we go out again , the whole team ? ROBERT soon . I will let you know . jack good-bye , Mr. sawyer . Jack exit the office . ext . jack house - day Jack pull up in he new Jeep and walk up the sidewalk to he mother 's door . he knock on the door , and he mother come to it . over Jack 's shoulder , we watch as mother open the door and see Jack . she register shock , and then start to close it . Jack stop the door gently with one hand . jack Mom . I need to talk to you - you ... ( beat ) be right . they be trouble , and I be try to stop it . his mother look up at he , even more shocked . she want to be happy to hear this , but she 's also worried about she son . mother be you in danger , Jack ? jack not just yet , Mom . we be gonna bring they down , though . can I come in ? his mother smile and open the door wide , and Jack go in , hugging she . his mother start to close the door , but Jack stop it and lean out of the door . jack there 's someone I want you to meet ... he motion to Sally , who be wait in the Jeep . she get out and run to the house . int . ROBERT office - same day Robert be sit at a table with darkcloud and night stalker . darkcloud we make quite a impression on Jack the other night . he want in , as badly as we do . ROBERT we have get a problem . night stalker we own the italian , the chinese , the korean , the jamaican posse - what now ? ROBERT someone from inside , feed information to the cop ... look of surprise from darkcloud and night stalker . could he mean we ? darkcloud you know who ? Robert steeples he finger and smile . int . jack house - same day Jack , he mother and Sally be sit in the live room , talk and get along famously . the cellular phone in Jack 's pocket ring , and he excuse himself . jack hello ? ROBERT I need you tonight . special exhibition , 7 pm . jack the Arena ? ROBERT no , it 's a private affair . come to warehouse 14 , off Columbia Avenue , not far from the office . jack I know ... ( beat ) that area a little bit , I will find it . ROBERT see you tonight . he hang up and Jack stand there look at the phone . sally what 's up ? jack I will not know until 7 tonight ... he go back in and sit down in the live room , a little worried now . ext . warehouse district - night there be car all around warehouse 14 , and people be go inside . there be a ring / cage set up inside , which be glimpse briefly as people pass through the heavy curtain at the door . Jack pull up in he Jeep , and park . as he be walk into the warehouse , he spy angel and go over to she . jack angel ! what 's happen ? angel what 's happen to you , Jack ? why be you get involved with that son of a bitch ... jack be not you ? angel we all be , I guess . jack what 's go on tonight ? angel a cage fight , for the high roller . she motion to the door , where huge fighter be check credential and invitation . one of the guy do not have the right id , and one of the fighter throws he away from the door . angel Robert want I to make sure you get inside ... jack what 's that mean , angel ? angel do not say anything , but walk towards the door , and Jack watch she go , think that he might be in trouble . if he be , and he go in , he 's dead . if he 's not , and he take off , the party 's over . he shrug and start after she . jack hey , angel , wait up ! she turn and wait for he , unable to stop a smile from appear as he jog over to she . they go through the door arm in arm . int . warehouse 14 - same night Jack and angel walk in . there be people everywhere , and bet be be make . Jack spot Robert on the other side of the arena . jack who 's fight tonight ? angel I do not know . they find a seat . the light around the ring / cage go low , and special light around the rim of the ring / cage go on . they go very bright , lighting up the whole ring . Robert be in the center of the ring , play the part of the announcer . ROBERT lady and gentlemen ! welcome to the famous ' cage Match ' - where only one man leave alive . tonight 's bout pit budokai ... budokai come out towards the ring , and the crowd erupt in applause . ROBERT against the Beast ! Jack and the crowd watch in awe as the Beast be wheeled in restraint towards the ring / cage . angle on budokai he know this fight be go to be the real thing . he walk toward the ring / cage , escort by darkcloud and night stalker . angle on jack , who be worried about he friend jack who 's gonna win ? angel this one be for real , Jack . I really do not know . the fight start , and the Beast be let out of the cage to attack budokai . the Beast get hit on the way in , but that do not seem to phase it . budokai circle , try to stay out of the Beast 's range . the Beast be so quick , however , and so strong , that soon budokai be trap in a corner of the cage . budokai mount a furious assault on the Beast , but the Beast shrug it off and attack . the attack be brutal , sadistic and bloody . budokai be be slaughter , and the crowd be go crazy . this be what they pay to see , and they be get they money 's worth . Jack be watch , and he know he have to act . he get up and go over to where Robert be watch . jack you gotta do something ! he 's get hurt ! ROBERT that 's the reality of we business . it 's brutal . jack c'mon , Mr. sawyer . he could get kill . ROBERT yes , he could . at that moment , in the ring , the Beast rip off a hunk of budokai 's shoulder , and stuff it in he mouth . Jack react to this , and the crowd , and Robert smile . Jack 's head be spin , and he know that budokai will be kill if he do not do something . he run over to where angel be sit and yank she to she foot . jack help I ! angel what ? jack wait for I get into the ring , then kill the light . angel why be you do this , Jack ? you be throw it all away ! jack they be killer , angel . I have to help he ! angel hold for a moment , then nod she head and go towards the office . Jack , meanwhile , make he way ringside . the Beast be on top of budokai , and budokai be not even move . Jack jump into the ring and slam into the Beast , knock he off of budokai and out of the ring . the Beast land in the crowd , and start ravaging the people in the crowd . the light go out , and the warehouse be in chaos . budokai be a bloody mess , and Jack heave he up onto he shoulder and start out of the ring . the Beast jump back into the ring and move to cut they off . Jack face off with the Beast , with budokai over he shoulder . jack rocco ! the Beast stop at the mention of he name . Jack pull out the necklace that he always wear . jack rocco ! I gotta get he some help . ok , Mike ? he 's do fight . you win . the Beast lower he arm , and Jack climb back over the rope and head towards the exit . Robert be try to see what be happen over the pandemonium , and he catch a glimpse of Jack leave with budokai . ROBERT rocco ! get he ! the Beast turn to Robert and stare at he . he punch a button on the keypad , and the collar around the Beast 's neck glow . ROBERT get Jack ! now ! the Beast still do not move . more power to the collar , and now the Beast be in agony . he still do not go for Jack , however . ROBERT do it . instead of charge after Jack , the Beast come for Robert . ROBERT you will not hurt I . the Beast come on , but Robert hit another button , put the collar up to the limit . the Beast stop he charge and go down on he knee in total pain . Robert walk up to he and shake he head . he hit the Beast and kill he immediately . ROBERT told you . Robert be furious . int . sally house - same night budokai , bruise , break and bloody , be lay on a bed in Sally 's house . Sally be try to clean he up , but a great deal of damage have be do . grandfather push she off to the side and lay he hand on budokai 's chest . a amber glow come off he hand as he try to apply he qi ( sfx ) , but it will not penetrate . grandfather he 's almost go , Jack . Jack come to the bed and sit next to budokai . budokal well , you get you proof . take he down , you get that ? jack you be gonna get better . budokal we both know that 's a lie ... he start to cough , and blood come out of he mouth . budokal you get he , Jack . grandfather take Jack and Sally out of the room . grandfather we have to help he . focus you qi . Jack shake he head , try to concentrate . jack I gotta get my Mom . they know where I live . sally I will get she . you stay here and help budokai . Jack nod and concentrate . soon , he be completely drain , and he sit down heavily , lean he head back and close he eye . int . sally house - night Jack be sleep on the couch in the live room , and somewhere a phone be ringing ( 0.s. ) . Jack start to wake up , and the phone keep ringing . jack ( sleepy ) somebody get that ! the phone keep ringing , and Jack finally come awake and realize that it 's he cellular phone . he pull it out of he pocket . jack hello ? we now intercut between Jack and Robert . int . ROBERT office - same night Robert be sit at he desk , talk on the phone . ROBERT hello , Jack . quite a show you put on . int . sally house - same night Jack sit bolt upright , completely wide awake . jack he be go to die , Robert . int . ROBERT office - same night ROBERT that be the whole point ! I have such plan for you , Jack , and now you have go and throw they all away . int . sally house - same night jack what do we do now ? int . ROBERT office - same night ROBERT well , I could let you talk to you girlfriend , and you mother , but they be a little tie up now . pull back to reveal Sally and Jack 's mother sit in chair in Robert 's office , tie to they . int . sally house - same night angle on jack , every fiber of he be concentrate jack let they go . int . ROBERT office - same night ROBERT I do not think so . I be staging another fight in one hour , Jack , and you be the main attraction . show up alone , or they be go . get that ? jack yeah . int . ROBERT office - same night ROBERT see you soon , Jack . Robert hang up and smile at Sally and Jack 's mother . ROBERT that 's some guy you have there . he really want to be a hero . int . sally house - same night angle on jack , who hang up he end of the connection he walk into where budokai be lie and check on he . he be barely conscious . jack you do ok ? budokai nod . budokal he go for medicine . jack tell he they have Sally and my mother . I be go into the ring with Robert . budokal give he hell . they clasp hand , then Jack leave . ext . warehouse 14 - night the warehouse be desert now int . warehouse 14 - same night as Jack walk into the warehouse proper , the loudspeaker system be run a tape . announcer . the all american hero ! the tape crowd erupt . announcer against the man who start it all , Robert sawyer ! more cheer from the tape crowd . Jack make he way to the ring , and he notice that Sally and he mother be the only " crowd , " and they be be guard by darkcloud , night stalker , and angel . Robert be already there , warming up and watch he . jack I be here . let they go . ROBERT you beat I , they go free . jack you want I , you get I . Jack climb into the ring , and a bell be rung . the fight be on . Jack circle Robert warily , not want to commit . Robert be itching to get he hand on Jack . Jack be have a hard time concentrate , because he be concerned about he mother and Sally . they attack each other , and it 's clear almost immediately that Jack be really no match for Robert 's technique . they continue to fight , and soon Jack be bleed from several different wound , and the Robert do not even look wind . ROBERT you betrayed I ! Jack be lose . ROBERT I trust you . I give you a future ! Jack look over at Sally and he mother . angle on sally and mother angel be guard they , but they all have the same look on they face . they know Jack be lose , and they can not do anything about it . Robert see that Jack be not completely focus , and that make he very angry . ROBERT goddamn it ! fight I ! jack how can I ? you gotta let they go ! ROBERT I do not think so . Robert be hit Jack almost at will . nothing Jack do work , and he be get slaughter . Jack have to do something to save he mother and Sally , so he manuever Robert into one corner and manage to hit he hard enough to send he pitching back against a pile of junk . when Robert 's back hit the box , wire and box come fall down on top of he . Jack take this opportunity and sprint to where he mother and Sally be be hold . he attack both darkcloud and night stalker , and , take they by surprise , quickly defeat they . meanwhile , Robert be struggle to get free . he start to free he mother and Sally , and angel try to help he . Jack turn to look at she , and she stop . angle on angel , conflicted just then , Robert get free and launch himself at Jack . Jack do not see he , but angel do . she jump at Robert , to put herself in between they , to save Jack . Robert strike angel just as she land a incredible kick on Robert , while at the same time he hit Sally and mother away from angel . Robert stagger a little , but not before he hit angel several more time . critically . angel fall back to one side , while Robert fall to the other . angel be hurt very badly , and Jack go to she . she be die . angel I always want to do the right thing , Jack . jack I know , angel . you be a hero . she 's go , and Jack hold she for a moment longer . Robert be struggle to clear he head , and Jack stand up to face he one last time . ROBERT I make you a star , now I be go to destroy you ! Robert sweep he to the ground , then stand over he . ROBERT I tell you no one disobey I twice . he be prepare for the kill blow . angle on sally and mother Sally , daze , shake she head to clear it , then run to the junction box . flipping it on and off , blink the light , like during Jack 's meditation practice . sally concentrate , Jack . unbelievably , Jack close he eye ! Robert , shocked , stop for a moment , watch Jack . he then smile , sense a easy target . he rear back , ready to let go with the kill blow . he launch the deadly strike and Jack block it ! without even open up he eye ! Jack hold Robert 's arm in front of he face , then snap he eye open . we know Robert be in trouble now . jack I be gonna kick you ass . Jack then accept Robert 's force and slam Robert with a technique that rock he back to the other side of the ring . Jack then attack , hit he with everything he have : strike , kick , punch , knee , elbow . Robert be out on he foot , ready to be put away . Jack glance down at angel 's unmove form on the canvas , then turn back to Robert . he spin and leap into the air , connect with a beautiful jump , spin hook kick that send Robert fly . Sally and he mother come to Jack . Sally hug he , and he mother put a arm around he . suddenly the SOUND of police siren can be hear , 0.s. grandfather and a heavily bandage budokai appear there with a whole squad of police officer . budokai stand at the door and raise he arm in a fist salute to Jack , while grandfather run down to where Jack be . Jack return the salute , with Sally and he mother drape on he . they start walk away from the cage . as they walk by a pile of resin at cageside , Jack put he hand in it . he then smile and hit grandfather in the middle of the back . Jack 's handprint stand out in stark relief on grandfather 's black silk jacket . grandfather smile , think Jack be congratulate he . freeze Frame on huge white hand print . credit roll fade out the end