captain fantastic by Matt Ross final 9.2.2014 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 1. ext . cascade mountain range . WASHINGTON state . dawn . 1 in the early morning dawn , the skykomish River in Washington State 's cascade Mountain Range pound against the granite river rock . giant fir branch in the lush forest undulate , almost dance in the soft wind . a black -tailed buck make its way through the dense wood . the deer walk to the bank , dip its mouth into the river , and drink . tall grass part and out of the morning fog come a young man , completely cover in mud , a massive , serrate hunt knife in he hand . this be bodevan . he 's 18 , with wispy hair down to he shoulder . the deer turn its head , sense something . bo freeze - perfectly camouflage in the tall grass . the deer sniff the air , but as bo be cover in mud and animal skin , it smell nothing . it relax , drink from the river again . bo exhales , silently . in a flash , bo leap out of the grass and in one continuous motion , tackle the deer and slice the animal 's carotid artery . the deer do nothing more than flinch , blood spurt from it 's neck and it just fold , hemorrhagic shock take over . it 's a perfect kill . bo watch and the animal take its final breath . then he signal and five kide glide into the clear . they range in age from 14 to 6 , all have long , unruly hair , dirty face , and wear , over the usual kid 's clothes of t-shirt and jeans , what look like animal skin . they be : two twin 15 - year old girl , kielyr and vespyr ; rellian , a boy of 13 ; zaja , a 8 - year old girl ; and lastly , nai , a 6 - year old boy . the other kid surround bo , stare down at the fall deer . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 2 . continued : 1 like some primordial warrior , he upper body camouflage by mud , BEN cash rise out of the grass . he 's 45 and have a formidable beard , but he body be lithe and muscular , fit like a man half he age . Ben plunge he finger in the deer 's throat . he paint a stripe of blood across bo 's face . BEN today . the boy be dead . and in he place . be a man . everyone pause for the deep solemnity of the moment . bo slit open the animal ; its innard spill onto the earth . Ben raise he hand high in the air and - as if he 's say a prayer - close he eye . the image freeze - as the title come up around he : captain fantastic ext . forest . morning . 2 trailed by the rest of the family , Ben and bo carry the deer - leg tie to a tree limb - through the thick forest . ext . tipi . morning . 3 while Ben and bo attach the deer 's foot to rope , swing the rope over a tree , and string it high off the ground , we get we first glimpse of they " home . " in a clear , hide under a canopy of enormous Douglas fir tree , next to a small greenhouse garden - a large tipi sit behind a fire pit . a few of the kid jump on small wooden platform , grab hang rope , and pull themselves up on this little " elevator . " cascade high into the tree above the tipi be a kid 's paradise of funky tree house , zip line , rope bridge , hammock , and observation platform . rellian strum on a guitar . he sing " Little Red corvette " by Prince . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 3 . continued : 3 BEN train in one hour ! Ben watch as , in front of they tipi , strung from a rope on a tree , the twin skin the deer that bo shot : peel off its hide with none of the squeamishness of 15 - year old and all the skill of experience butcher . behind they , 12 - year old rellian , with a flint that he extract from a pouch on he belt , make a fire in a large pit in front of the tipi . vespyr dad . where 's the bone knife ? Zaja . Ben nod . ext . tree house . day . 4 Ben climb up a wood ladder , ducking intricately woven branch to enter what look like a massive bird 's nest . Zaja sit on the floor , clean the skeleton of a small animal with a 6 - inch bone knife . Inside , the tree house have be turn into some kind of grotesque death shrine . it 's plaster with actual animal skeleton , magazine photograph of dead body from the holocaust , and picture of pol pot and the khmer rouge . from the look on Ben 's face , this be the first time he 's see Zaja 's interior design . BEN Jesus . Zaja look at the photo on the wall . she shake she head no . zaja pol pot . Ben put out he hand and Zaja pass he the bone knife . ext . mountain meadow . morning . 5 in a mountain meadow , Ben and the kid , they eye close , sit cross -legge in a circle . silence . apart from the rustle of the leave as the wind blow through the tree , the occasional chirp of distant bird . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 4 . continued : 5 Ben open he eye and say , " okay . " all the child jump up , wooden stick in they hand , and Ben teach they what look like commando knife- fight . this be not a suburban mall karate class . bo slashes at Ben with he stick . in one swift movement , Ben deflect with he forearm and hip - throw bo . bo hit the ground hard , Ben 's stick already press into bo 's throat . a kill strike , shocking in its sudden violence . the other watch , take all of this utterly seriously , then break into pair and practice the move . rellian glare at he father , but make no move to join . Ben watch kielyr and vespyr . they be attack and defend like it 's a choreograph dance . BEN if you do not stab to kill . really stab . for the liver . or the kidney . she will never learn . zaja should not we aim here ? a knife in the lung create pneumothorax . or next to the sternum , to penetrate the heart ? that would be instant death . Ben look over at he 8 - year old , stand next to nai . BEN if it make you happy , Zaj . sure . aim for the heart . vespyr eye she sister , but be still hesitate . BEN ( cont 'd ) the stick will break before it hurt she . vespyr attack again , but this time she overcompensate , kielyr 's parry be ineffectual , and vespyr 's stick hit she sister in the stomach . the stick break and kielyr yelp in pain . BEN ( cont 'd ) good . ( continued ) 5 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 5 . continued : 5 kielyr what ?! how be that good ? she stab I ! she fuck stab I ! BEN then you better learn to defend yourself . Ben hand vespyr another stick . ext . tipi . night . 6 flame illuminate the face of the family , as they eat roast venison , sit on the ground in a circle around the fire . by the light of candle and kerosene lamp , the kid be all read book way beyond they year : nai be read the encyclopedia brittanica , he 's on letter " J " ; kielyr be read " gun , germ , and steel : the fate of human society " by Jared diamond ; rellian read dostoyevsky 's " the Brothers karamazov ; " bo be read a college calculus textbook . BEN Zaj . page . Zaja hold " middlemarch " by George eliot . she glance at the page number . zaja 398 . Ben record this in a notebook . BEN you still like it ? Zaja nod . BEN ( cont 'd ) I think you would . to stay on schedule for the test you need to be finish in 8 day . vesp ? vespyr hold " the fabric of the cosmos : Space , time , and the texture of reality " by Brian greene . vespyr just finish chapter 12 , " the World on a string . " Ben look up at she . ( continued ) 6 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 6 . continued : 6 vespyr ( cont 'd ) what . BEN be you have trouble with quantum entanglement ? vespyr no. BEN planck length versus . planck time ? vespyr I be fine . BEN good , then tomorrow you can give a little presentation on m- Theory , argue counter - point with bo and rell vis-a-vis witten and dirac . vespyr make a face at kielyr . neither see that Ben catch the look . Ben put down he notebook . he watch the child read for a moment . then he pick up he guitar . improvise a rhythmic strum . punctuate it with little , abrupt vocalization . so funky one can not help but be draw in . the kid ignore he , but gradually , one at a time , each of they pick up a different musical instrument - a flute , drum , a trombone , a violin - and join he . soon , everyone be up on they foot . Dancing and sing and play they instrument - illuminate by the light of the fire - groove to they improvise song and have a blast . ext . forest . morning . 7 leap over stump , ducking under branch , Ben and the kid race through the forest . ext . shed . day . 8 from out of he workshop shed , Ben carry some handmade wooden birdhouse , help by bo and vespyr . GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 7 . a8 & ext . / int . forest / steve . day . a8 Ben and the kid walk toward a a beat - up , 36 - foot long blue 1989 Thomas saf -t- liner school bus , park on a forest path . BEN try not to kill each other before we get back . kielyr if training be over today , can we take Steve somewhere for class time later ? nail why do not we have a mommy ? this catch the attention of all the kid . they all stop and look at Ben . BEN you do have a mommy . vespyr you say she would only be go for a week . BEN it have not be very long . kielyr it 's be three month , two week , six day , and eleven hour . bodevan Mom be very ill . kielyr do not talk to we like we be you inferior . bodevan who know there be so many geniuse in the world . vespyr dad , bo be be sarcastic . BEN that be sardonic . sarcastic would be ... ( more ) ( continued ) a8& continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 8 . as BEN ( cont 'd ) " you genius be blind . " they be both mock , but sarcastic be direct at a person and mean to hurt . sardonic be less direct and be say more for laugh or for wit . grab the end . vespyr we do know about Mom . bodevan you think you do , but you have no concept of the scope or the depth of she illness . kielyr dad , bo be be condescending . BEN bo 's right . Mom have to be ina hospital now . vespyr but you say hospital be only a great place to go to if you be a healthy person and you want to die . zaja you say Americans be undereducate and overmedicate . kielyr you say that the ama be avaricious whore only too willing to spread they fat leg for Big pharma . BEN not enough of the neurotransmitter serotonin to conduct electrical signal in Mom 's brain . a lack of receptor site . acute tryptophan depletion . we do not know exactly what it be . selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor - celexa , lexapro , paxil , Zoloft - or selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor - cymbalta , effexor , pristiq - it 's simply the most effective way to manage it . rellian exactly when be Mom come back ? ( continued ) a8& 10 11 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 9 . continued : as BEN that 's what I be go to find out . Ben , bo , vespyr , and kielyr climb on the bus and we see that the interior have be customize , the row of seat remove and replace with a full library , a closet full of clothes , desk , map on the wall , loft bed in the back . Ben close the door and , on the outside of the glass door panel be a spray-paint , stencile word : '' Steve . '' ext . country road . day . 9 Steve the Bus wind down through the mountain . int . dentist waiting room . day . 10 bo , vespyr , and kielyr sit in a dentist 's wait room , mmarvel at the synthetic , brightly - color office . peppy muzak play as Ben approach the desk . BEN we have a appointment . vespyr and kielyr Cash . my daughter . they be 15 . it 's time they see a dentist . the receptionist stare at he . she check the appointment book . ext . SMALL town store . day . 11 bo and Ben be unload they handmade wooden birdhouse in front of a store . a group of teenage girl walk out and one of they smile at bo . teenage girl you comin ' in ? bo shrug , avoid she eye . teenage girl ( cont ’d ) yes ? no? okay . ' bye . bo turn red and just nod . as the girl walk away , the one who hold the door for bo look back at he , then say something to she friend , who all check bo out and giggle . BEN go talk to she . ( continued ) 11 12 13 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 10 . continued : 11 bodevan ask she what she think about the work people create a armed revolution against the exploit class and they state structure ? BEN marxist can be just as genocidal as .... no. just ... I do not know . talk about - bodevan whether or not she 's a dialectical materialist and accord primacy to the class struggle ? BEN avoid ... marxism . or tell she you be a trotskyite . bodevan " trotskyist . " only a stalinist would call a trotskyist a " trotskyite . " and I be not a trotskyist anymore . I 'ma maoist . Ben nod . he hand bo a key and bo walk away . the store owner come out and hand Ben a wad of cash . store owner sold all the stuff from last time . you say you have be back month ago . int . post office . day . 12 bo open a large post office box . Inside , the box be pack with mail . there be the new issue of " Scientific american , " " National geographic , " " the New Yorker , " and " the Economist . " and then a stack of large envelope . bo look at the first one . it 's mark , " princeton university . " int . post office . day . 13 in another corner of the post office , bo hold up a piece of paper . ( continued ) 13 14 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 11 . continued : 13 it read , " we be pleased to welcome you to Harvard University , the class of 2015 . " he look at the other envelope , all now open , spread on the counter before he . they be from Dartmouth , Brown , m.i.t. , Yale , and Stanford . on top of the open envelope be welcome letter from every university . ext . SMALL town bar . day . 14 in the front of the bar , Ben dial a number on the house phone . we do not see who he 's talk to ( but will come to realize that it 's harper , he sister ) . harper ( 0.s. ) Ben ? immediately , from the tone of harper 's voice , Ben can tell something be very wrong . BEN what be it ? silence . BEN ( cont 'd ) harper . Ben hear a sharp , irregular exhalation of breath . whatever be wrong be serious enough to be very difficult to say . BEN ( cont 'd ) tell I . harper ( 0.s. ) Leslie kill herself last night . the blood drain from Ben 's face . he be freeze for a moment . no reaction whatsoever . BEN how ? another pause . BEN ( cont 'd ) harper , tell I . harper ( 0.s. ) she jump out of a window . ( continued ) 14 al4 15 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 12 . continued : 14 now Ben swallow . but nothing else . no emotion whatsoever . he nod . harper ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Ben ? Ben hang up the phone . int . steve - moving . day . al4 Ben drive in silence . he look in the rearview mirror , at bo , vespyr , and kielyr . they stare out the window , completely unaware of he recent phone call . int . tipi . night . 15 illuminate by candle and kerosine lamp , all the kid sit together , dress for bed , stare expectantly at they father . Ben take a deep breath . BEN last night . mommy kill herself . she jump out of a window . you mother be dead . as the reality of Ben 's word hit they , utter devastation pass over the child 's face . and then , in a matter of second , they all burst into tear , snot come out of they nose , tear roll down they face , some of they be almost hyperventilate . grieving openly and deeply , it 's like something out of Greek tragedy . elemental . primal . zaja what 's go to happen to we ? BEN nothing be go to change . we will continue live exactly the same way . we be a family . rellian stand . he yell . Savage , guttural shout . they be fierce and pain , like a trap animal . rellian Mom ! Mom ! he pick up a knife , but just pace , red -face , not know what to do with it . ( continued ) 15 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 12a . continued : 15 bodevan move to stop he brother , but Ben hold bo 's shoulder . rellian take the knife and stab , over and over again , into the side of a cabinet . harder and harder . ( continued ) 15 16 17 18 19 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 13 . continued : 15 rellian ( cont 'd ) fuck you ! fuck you ! Mom ! Mom ! fuck you , Mom , you fuck ...! rellian drop the knife and run out of the tipi . int . tipi . night . 16 leslie 's face . smiling . giggle . she be lean over , sway back and forth , drag she long auburn hair across Ben 's face . she dip down and kiss he . over and over again . she 's laugh . she speak , but no SOUND come out of she mouth . int . tipi . night . 17 Ben open he eye . he sit up and blink , peer into the darkness of the tipi . the kid be asleep . Leslie be not there . he light a candle and open a dresser . under he clothes , he withdraw a hide manila folder . one file be mark will and testament . he rifle through the papers until he find what he 's look for . he read . his face turn white . BEN Jesus fuck Christ . ext . tipi . dawn . 18 Ben stand outside the tipi . he bring he bagpipe to he lip and blow . out come that eerie and persistent wail . ext . forest . morning . 19 Ben bolt through a dense rainforest - create a obstacle course as he go - dodging tree , bound over rock and fall log . straggle behind , the kid all follow he exact movement . ( continued ) 19 20 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 14 . continued : 19 he reach a meadow , stop , and click he stopwatch as each kid pass he . first come bo . BEN 1:05 . worse than yesterday ! then the twin . BEN ( cont 'd ) 1:11 . I be embarrassed for you . then rell . BEN ( cont 'd ) 1:18 . you be plateauing . you be go back to eccentric contraction and leg cycle . then Zaja and nai pass he . BEN ( cont 'd ) 1:26 and ... 1:29 . Fine if you both be three ! subpar ! this be subpar ! no rest ! Ben dodge back the wood and the kid follow . ext . meadow . morning . 20 in a meadow , Ben lead everyone through a complicated series of calisthenics : jump squat into burpy into hold plank . this be hard - core functional training and the kid move through the exercise like athlete . BEN the rule of Three . nai. nai you can survive 3 minute without air . BEN Zaj . zaja you can survive 3 hour without shelter . the kid be in plank , hold themselves in a push - up position only by they elbow . ( continued ) 20 21 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 15 . continued : 20 BEN kielyr . kielyr 3 day without water . BEN vesp. vespyr 3 week without food . bodevan dad. BEN hold it . bodevan dad. BEN keep hold . rell . the kid be now really struggle , sweat , they small body quivering with effort . rellian 3 year without human companionship . bodevan dad ! when 's Mom 's funeral ?! Ben finally turn to look at he son . ext . SMALL town bar . day . 21 Ben be again on the bar 's house phone , now talk to Leslie 's father , jack . jack ( 0.s. ) the utter recklessness , the instability and insecurity that you have bring to she life - BEN we decide to live here . both of we . this be a mutual decision . jack ( 0.s. ) this be you goddamn fault ! ( continued ) 21 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 16 . 21 BEN Leslie have a disease . she need to be in a good facility , you will only pay if she 's treat near you , fine . we do that . listen . I find she will . I assume you know that Leslie be a Buddhist . there be a long pause on the line . jack ( 0.s. ) Leslie be a nudist ? BEN Buddhist . Leslie be a buddhist . she want to be cremate . not bury . it be very important to she that - jack ( 0.s. ) I have just lose my only child . I be in no mood to discuss the particular of she funeral . BEN there 's more . look , this be ... strange , I admit , but in she will , Leslie clearly stipulate that - jack ( 0.s. ) I rue the day she meet you . wherever you be , you stay there . BEN Jack . jack ( 0.s. ) I miss grandchild . but you be not welcome here . be that clear ? you show up . I will have you arrest . the phone go silent . BEN can we just speak civilly ? hello ? abigail , Leslie 's mother , now speak . abigail ( 0.s. ) Leslie be in Heaven now . she be finally at peace . BEN when 's the ceremony ? ( continued ) 21 22 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 17 . continued : 21 abigail ( 0.s. ) in five day . here in albuquerque . at we church . how're the child ? BEN they're ... in shock . abigail ( 0.s. ) it 's be year . BEN do you hear what Jack just say ? abigail ( 0.s. ) I miss they . the child . BEN Jack just say he will have we arrest if we come . do you hear that ? abigail ( 0.s. ) he 's very upset . I be sorry . it 's best to do what he say . there 's a click and a dial tone as she hang up the phone . ext . tipi . evening . 22 while Ben cook venison over a large fire , the kid , all deep in they private thought , stare into the flame . nai exit the tipi . he 's completely naked . bodevan Mom hate that world . BEN clothes when we eat . nai disappear back into the tipi . vespyr we be in the very unique position of hat that people . BEN can " unique " be modify ? all the other kid respond with a " no . " nai come out of the tipi wear a beat - up whale costume . ( continued ) 22 23 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 18 . 22 nail we do not hate nana and grandpa , but the rest of she tribe be fascist capitalist . kielyr you be just repeat whatever dad say . nail I be write down everything you say . in my mind . kielyr you do not even know what a fascist be . nail violent nationalist militant , support by big business and they be totalitarian single - party dictator . kielyr pause for a second , surprised by the accuracy of nai 's description . vespyr we be she family . we have to go . kielyr grandpa say we can not . Ben take venison off the fire and cut it into small piece . kielyr ( cont ’d ) what will happen if they arrest you ? will they take we away from you ? at this , all the kid turn to look at Ben . BEN there be that possibility . Zaja come out from the greenhouse . zaja dad . I think rellian run away again . ext . forest . evening . Ben walk silently through the forest . 23 ( continued ) 23 a23 24 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 19 . continued : 23 he find rellian sit on a rock by a old tree . rellian do not turn to look at he father . rellian how would you find I so quickly ? Ben point to the earth , rellian 's shoe print in the dirt . BEN you do not want to be follow , you should take off you shoe . rell be silent . BEN ( cont 'd ) Mom 's illness have nothing to do with you guy . it be chemical . she love you very much . none of this be you fault . but I can not help you . unless you talk to I . rellian all we do be fuck talk ! why will not you let we see Mom ? BEN come here , buddy . rellian bolt up and dodge ben. rellian I hate my fuck shit - ass life ! rell storm back in the direction of the tipi and Ben follow . int . tipi . morning . a23 Ben awake and climb down the ladder to the floor of the tipi . the child be go , they bed empty . ext . tipi morning . 24 Ben open the tipi to see he kid , like they be on a train platform wait to depart , all stand out in front of the tipi ; they have get old suitcase and duffel bag , pack and ready . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 19a . 24 continued : 24 nail we want to see Mom . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 20 . 24 continued : 24 zaja I want to give a speech . tell mommy that I love she . for the last time ever . vespyr we want to honor she life . without say a word , Ben immediately carry they luggage back to the tipi . kielyr we be she family . we have to go . we need a ritual . to heal . vespyr for the grieve process . zaja plus grandpa can not oppress we . rellian it 's the least you can do . Ben stop . he look at rellian . BEN what do that mean ? rellian you know . BEN no . I do not . rellian forget it . but I know . vespyr we be strong . we be ready . kielyr we be define by we action , not by we word . at this , Ben smile . nail that 's you favorite sentence . in English . his arm load with they belonging , Ben open the tipi and disappear inside . 25 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 21 . int . tipi . morning . 25 Ben be unpack one of the kid 's suitcase , shove clothes back into a chest of drawer . all the kid all the kid silence . nai if we be define by we action . then we have to go . rellian New business ! BEN Point of order . rellian my name be rellian . I move to make a amendment . BEN the chair recognize the assembly . rellian New business . the assembly wish to attend we mother 's funeral . I move to vote . BEN be there a second ? nail second . BEN be there a discussion ? shake they head no . BEN ( cont 'd ) all in favor of voting to attend you mother 's funeral please signify by say " aye . " say , " aye . " BEN ( cont 'd ) all oppose please signify by say " nay . " BEN ( cont 'd ) nay . ( continued ) 25 26 27 28 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 22 . continued : 25 Ben stare at he kid . more silence . bodevan dad. majority . vespyr kielyr give we the Mission ! the Mission ! zaja we want the Mission ! nail " Mission : rescue Mom ! " Ben stare at he kid . he shake he head no . omitted 26 omitted 27 ext . granite rock . day . 28 Ben lead the kid as they climb up the face of a vertical granite formation . they all wear climb harness , carabiner around they belt , and be tie onto the bright orange climb rope , follow Ben as he make he way up the face . it 's a expert grade and they be all struggle . without warning , rellian slip - plummete at least ten foot - fall hard . the rope catch and he swing , spiraling into the granite face . he smashes he hand against the rock , but finally manage to steady himself , grab hold of the face with he other hand . rellian fuck ! rellian be shaking , try to catch he breath . he look down . hundred of foot below be a cluster of massive rock . zaja if you hit the rock below you , you will die from blunt force trauma . or internal bleed from massive bone fracture or splenic flexure of the large intestine . BEN yes , thank you , Zaj . ( continued ) 28 29 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 23 . continued : 28 rellian my hand . Ben stare down at rell . BEN you be alive . rellian stare at he hand . no bone be stick out , but it 's throbbing . BEN ( cont 'd ) s.t.o.p. stay calm . think. observe . plan . rell look around ; there do not seem to be anywhere to grab . he stretch out he leg , but the one edge he see be too far to reach . rellian it 's too far . BEN know that you can make it and you will . rellian I can not . my hand . the other kid wait , look up at Ben for guidance . Ben do not move . BEN there be no cavalry . no one will magically appear to save you in the end . rellian grit he tooth . he stretch out he leg again . but he 's lose balance . right before he slip , he push off with he other foot and swing , just manage to land on the far edge that seem too far . as soon as he land , he swing and leap again , find a hand hold with he good hand . he look up at he dad and nod . Ben smile . then continue to climb . ext . granite rock . day . 29 the rain be now pounding as Ben bandage rellian 's hand . ( continued ) 29 30 31 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 24 . continued : 29 rell flexe he finger . he grimace and without look at he father , plop down on a rock , join he brother and sister . for a long time , Ben watch he kid . they all just stare at the ground . clothes soak . exhausted . deplete . emotionally numb . BEN class time . we be go up to the glacier . without a word of protestation , they drag themselves up and trudge toward the bus . ext . cascade mountain . day . 30 Steve the Bus be high in the cascade Mountains , wind down a country highway . int . steve . day . 31 Ben glance into the rearview mirror . all the kid look absolutely despondent . listless and lose . stare out the window . or at nothing . Ben slam on the break . he stare at a sign : a arrow point to the right and a arrow point to the leave . he grab the PA radio and flip the switch . BEN we can not go to mommy 's funeral . we have to do what we be tell . some fight , you can not win . the powerful control the life of the powerless . this be how the world work . it 's unjust and unfair . but too bad . we just have to shut up and accept it . Ben look back at the kid . they look devastate . BEN ( cont 'd ) well , fuck that . Ben hit 's the cassette player , and crank up " immigrant song " by led Zeppelin . he turn back toward the kid and yell over the music . ( continued ) 31 32 33 34 35 36 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 25 . continued : 31 BEN ( cont 'd ) so they know we be fucking coming ! all the kid stand and yell in excitement . Ben peel out and jerk the wheel to the right , swerving - in the middle of the empty country highway . over the music ext . country highway . day . 32 on a country highway , Steve the Bus slowly wind its way down the snow - peak cascade Mountain range . int . / ext . steve - moving / stop . country highway . day . 33 there 's nothing but thick forest of Douglas fir and spruce , as far as the eye can see . from the back of the bus , Zaja stand . zaja Road kill ! dad ! stop Steve ! Ben slowly pull the bus over and Zaja jump out . int . steve - stop . country highway . day . 34 Ben open the door and Zaja climb back on the bus . she open a towel and show she dad what she find : a smashed squirrel , stiff with rigor mortis . she look elate . zaja and I do not have one like this ! Ben try to smile . ext . highway i5 . portland , oregon . day . 35 Steve the Bus , now on highway i5 , pass Portland , Oregon . snow - cap mount Hood appear in the distance . int . steve - moving . day . 36 now past the city and into the cascade Mountains south of Portland . kielyr look up from she book . ( continued ) 36 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 26 . continued : 36 kielyr what 's a " bordello ? " Ben look over to see kielyr read " lolita , " by Vladimir nabokov . BEN a whorehouse . kielyr oh. BEN I do not assign that book . kielyr I be skip ahead . BEN and ? kielyr it 's interesting . bodevan illegal word ! zaja nail dad ! kielyr say dad ! she say " interesting ! " " interesting ! " BEN " interesting " be a non-word . you know you be never allow to use it . be specific . kielyr it 's ... disturbing . BEN more specific . kielyr can I just read ?! BEN after you give we you analysis . kielyr there 's this old man . who love this girl . but she 's only - ( continued ) 36 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 27 . 36 BEN that 's the plot . kielyr pause , consider how to articulate she feeling about the book . Ben smile . kielyr roll all the kid this baffle kielyr because it 's write from he perspective , you sort of understand and sympathize with he . which be amazing . because essentially , he 's a child molester . but he love for she be beautiful . but it 's also kind of a trick , because it 's so wrong . he 's old and he basically rape she . so it make I feel .... I hate he and I feel sorry for he . at the same time . BEN well do . she eye and go back to she book . nail what do " rape " mean ? BEN when one person , usually a man , force another person , usually a woman , to have sexual intercourse . nail oh . BEN who 's hungry ? say , " I ! " nail what 's sexual intercourse ? BEN when a man stick he penis ina woman 's vagina . anyone spot any animal yet ? the 6 - year old nai . ( continued ) 36 37 38 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 28 . continued : 36 nail why would a man stick he penis in a woman 's vagina ? BEN because it give they both pleasure . and the combination of a man 's sperm and a woman 's egg create a baby and continue the human race . nail but that 's where she pee . BEN pee come not from the vagina , but from the urethra , which be within the outer labia . but yes , generally speak . that be where she pee . this seem to further confuse nai. nail I be sad . BEN so be I . so be everyone . everyone ! keep a eye open for game of any kind . int . steve - stop . night . 37 somewhere south of Eugene , Oregon , Steve be park just off the highway , hide in the brush . Ben watch he child sleep . int . bank . morning . 38 a bank teller count some bill in front of Ben , who 's now dress in a vintage suit . Ben look over at he kid , all wait patiently on a bench . they be all dress in second -hand clothes . the boy in suit , the girl in dress and frilly shirt . Ben take the bill and join the other , but everyone be freeze , just stare at the other bank customer . BEN now what ? ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 29 . 38 continued : 38 Zaja look deeply disturb . zaja what 's wrong with everyone ? BEN what do you mean ? kielyr be they sick ? BEN who ? nail everyone be so fat . Ben look around the bank . his kid be right . the other customer , without exception , be all overweight . BEN yes , they be . nail fat like hippos . zaja that 's not nice to say . nail but look . kielyr you can think it , but we do not make fun of people , right dad ? BEN that 's right . we do not make fun of people . vespyr except Christians . zaja yeah , we do not make fun of people . except Christians . BEN we really should not make fun of they either . although it 's hard not to . come on . GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 29a . a38 omitted a38 39 40 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 30 . int . steve - moving . day . 39 on the edge of town , head back toward the freeway - the flashing light of a police car behind they . kielyr dad ? the swirling police light visibly alarm the kid . nail be they go to stop we from rescue Mom ? Ben pull Steve over . he look back at he kid . BEN this . right now . this be you first real test . be calm . remember you training . ext. / int . steve - stop . day . 40 Ben open the door and officer haye peek in . BEN afternoon , Officer . officer haye license and registration , please . Ben reach into the glove compartment and pull out he papers . officer haye ( cont ’d ) you know why I pull you over ? BEN no , sir . officer haye you leave rear brake light be out . I be go to check the computer . Officer haye look around the bus . the interior of Steve be clean and organize and he see nothing suspicious . but then he look at the child . he stare at they long enough to make Ben nervous . officer haye ( cont ’d ) no school today ? ( continued ) 40 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 31 . continued : 40 bo stand and address the officer . bodevan man , by he sin , have become separate from God , and only through personally accept the gift of reconciliation purchase by Jesus at the cross can he regain he fellowship with God . nai jump out of he seat . nail Jesus be the way , the truth , and the light ! the officer stare at the kid . bodevan we be home-school . ( to Ben ) Father ? May I ? Ben look at bo . he have no idea what bo 's do . BEN you may . bo signal for the other child and take Officer haye by the hand . all the child hold hand and begin sing the Christian hymnal , " one Day when Heaven be fill with his praise . " as they sing , Officer haye - with every line - grow visibly uncomfortable . all the kide singing " Jesus come forth to be bear of a virgin ! dwelt among man , my example be he! live , he love I ! " officer haye I should probably - all the kide singing " dying , he save I ! buried , he carry my sin far away ! rising , he justified freely forever ! one day , he 's come ! o glorious day ! " Officer haye hand Ben he papers back . ( continued ) 40 41 42 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 32 . continued : 40 officer haye look , sorry - I get to get back to work here . get that light replace soon as you can , okay ? BEN sure thing officer . sorry about that . after Officer haye leave , bo look at he dad . bodevan power to the people . BEN stick it to the man . omitted 41 ext . oregon highway . day . 42 on a hill , kielyr move silently through tall grass , a bow and arrow in she hand . she peer over a ridge . down below be a flock of sheep , graze . Ben appear silently behind she . kielyr they be just stand there . now crawl , she move closer to the graze sheep and raise she bow . she aim , hold a sheep in she sight . so long that she pull arm tremble . then she lower she bow . she can not do it . nai run up the ridge . nail dad ! dad ! 43 44 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 33. ext . hill . day . 43 Ben , follow by the other kid , run down the hill to see : rellian , the flint still in he hand , have set a fire in the brush . Ben rush over and stamp it out with he foot . BEN why would you do that ? rellian glare at he . BEN ( cont 'd ) you could have set this whole hill on fire . rellian say nothing . he turn , trudging down the hill and towards the bus . int . steve - moving . day . 44 for a moment , they drive in silence . then kielyr burst into tear . the kid all look distraught . nail I miss Mom . vespyr mankas al mis panjo . kielyr mi dezira ke panjo povus reveni hejmen guste nun . BEN no ! no esperanto . I be not joke . kielyr domage . BEN no foreign language unless the language be speak by all . you know the rule . vespyr jes , domage . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 33A . 44 continued : 44 BEN ( in german ) you can speak german . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 34 . 44 continued : 44 kielyr ni rajtas paroli en kiu ajn lingvo kiun no volas . BEN ( in mandarin ) or mandarin . vespyr ne gravas . BEN no esperanto ! vespyr ne esta nia kulpo ke vi not pova paroli esperanton . the kid all look deeply unhappy . nail I be hungry . BEN then maybe one of you should have shot the fuck sheep . 45 int . highway diner . day . 45 they all sit at a table in a highway diner , examine menus . the place be half - empty , but there be some elderly people and a couple of truck driver . BEN how many people in here ? the kid scan the diner . vespyr dek . BEN English . vespyr hold up both she hand : 10 . nail no , 11 . BEN how many exit and where ? ( continued ) 45 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) kielyr versajne unu en la necesejo malantau la kuirejo . zaja she forget that one . 10 o'clock , leave of the bathroom . BEN tell I why this matter . in English . or no food . kielyr look at vespyr . kielyr never be catch unaware . BEN more specific . vespyr have a plan for every situation . and every possible contingency . before it 's too late . BEN good . the kid examine the menu . bodevan they have hotdog . zaja what 's a Coke ? BEN poison water . kielyr can I have the grill - cheese ? BEN no. nail what 's a ... milk shake ? vespyr can I have a hamburger and fries ? 35 . 45 ( continued ) 45 46 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 36 . continued : 45 BEN I be go to pretend that you never ask that question . zaja can I have pancake ? BEN okay , everyone up . we be go . bodevan what ? no . why ? Ben hold up the menu . BEN because there be no actual food on this menu ! he walk toward the exit and the kid follow he out . int . supermarket . day . 46 Ben push a shopping cart through a vast , crowded , supermarket . he place a enormous cake in he cart . he pass bo . they do not acknowledge each other . Ben turn the corner and pass kielyr and vespyr . again , they do not look at each other . Ben now pass rellian , push a shopping cart . Inside , sit around some food , be Zaja . Ben spot a large display of soup can , stack high into a massive pyramid display . he examine the ingredient of one of the can . BEN oh , God . he grab he chest and careen around the supermarket aisle , slamm into the shelf , knock food onto the floor . he fumble with a bottle of medicine . he manage to open it , but be tremble so violently that he only end up spilling the pill all over the floor . a few patron rush over to see what 's happen . BEN ( cont 'd ) my pill ! my .... ( continued ) 46 47 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 37 . continued : 46 and then he collapse to the floor . someone yell , " call 911 ! " the patron be now join by three supermarket employees . they try to help Ben , but he be flopping around on the floor too violently for they to get a hold on he . nai run up . nail he can choke ! nai push he way in and shove Ben onto he side , manipulate he into a fetal position . nai ( cont 'd ) everyone get back ! just get back ! quick series of shot : - bodevan , push a cart full of food , charge through the door of the supermarket and race through the parking lot . - kielyr and vespyr , they backpack stuff with food , be lead out of the opposite side of the market by a elderly couple . - rellian and Zaja stop at the cash register . rellian a old man be have a heart attack ! call 911 ! call 911 ! the last supermarket employee abandon he register and run toward the commotion . rellian and Zaja unfold some paper bag , load up they grocery , and walk slowly and calmly out into the parking lot . int . supermarket . day . 47 a crowd of employee and patron surround Ben and nai . they watch as Ben 's fierce tremble subside . nail he 's okay now . slowly , Ben 's eye seem to focus . he sit up . breathes in and out . ( continued ) 47 48 49 50 51 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 38 . continued : 47 BEN okay . sorry . okay . I be okay . as Ben lean back against a aisle , nai gather the spill pill and put they back into the bottle . ext . supermarket parking lot . day . 48 nai escort Ben , wear he backpack , through the parking lot . BEN sorry about the fuss . the supermarket manager follow they , nodd . manager sure we can not get you a ambulance or anything ? BEN no , no . just forget to take my pill . I be fine now . really . ext. / int . steve - moving . supermarket parking lot . day . 49 Ben pull Steve out of the parking lot . as soon as they be clear of the supermarket parking lot , he flip a switch and Bob Dylan 's " all along the watchtower " - here sung by jimi hendrix - blast throughout the bus . the kid bounce hard into each other , shouting and laugh and dance . ext . highway . day . 50 now in Southern Oregon , Steve come down the siskiyou Mountains . ext . roadside camp . day . 51 the bus be park off the freeway . Ben and the kid sit on the ground in front of a fire , eat food from the grocery bag . BEN what else ? ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 39 . 51 continued : 51 bodevan flaw exit strategy . everyone go out the same door . no one utilize the load dock area at all . if it get block , we would all be trap . vespyr inadequately plan extraction point . we probably should not have all go directly to the bus . kielyr predetermine pickup would have be much less risky . BEN and I would be remiss if I do not single out kielyr and vesp for praise here . improvise on the spot , have a elderly couple escort they out , that provide additional cover and show on - the-fly analytical think beyond they 15 - year . nail " Mission : free the food ! " BEN you mission , you want to start ? bodevan pull a package out of a bag . bodevan 8 packet of salmon jerky . mainly protein and healthy fat , include omega 3 . kielyr one pound dry organic apricot . beta-carotene . BEN why ? kielyr you body convert it into vitamin- A. plus it prevent free radical . bo continue to pull food out of various bag . vespyr tomato for lycopene , one of the strongest carotenoid ; ( more ) ( continued ) 51 as1 continued : Ben nai the Ben nod . GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 40 . 51 vespyr ( cont 'd ) spinach for lutein and zeaxanthin , again carotenoid ; lentil for isoflavone , fiber and protein ; peanut butter for good fat , skim milk for vitamin-A , B , and D and for calcium ; and lastly watercress and arugula for penethyl isothiocyanate , believe to arrest the development of cancer cell . BEN " Mission : heart attack . " accomplish . nai . open my bag . reach into he father 's bag and pull out a cake . kid stare , freeze . nail what be that do here ? take out a can of CoolWhip and cover the cake . BEN happy Noam Chomsky Day . zaja it 's today ?! kielyr today be Noam Chomsky Day ?! vespyr but Noam be bear on Dec. 7th . BEN well . we be celebrate it today . Ben cut the cake and as soon as he pass they a piece , the kid practically inhale it . int . steve . day . as1 from the floorboard , Ben flip open a trapdoor - revealing a large storage area . he grab a poster board of Noam Chomsky and a pile of wrap present . 52 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 41 . ext . roadside camp . day . 52 everyone , apart from rellian , sing the family 's version of the " happy birthday song . " " Noam ! uncle Noam ! today ! the day of you birth , all hail ! " as bo and Ben hand out present . the kid rip at the wrapping paper . bo pull out a exquisite recurve hunt bow with inlay of various wood . BEN it 's a 55 - pound pull . laminate wood and glass . Silent and fast . as bo test the pull , the twin girl and Zaja unwrap massive knife , as long as they forearm . kielyr vespyr a new knife ! so beautiful ! zaja ka - bar fight knife ! thanks , dad ! BEN 7 inch blade , partially serrate . handle 's slip resistant . good balance if you dip down when you cut . nai 's present be a old , 1970 copy of " the Joy of sex . " he flip through it , eye wide . BEN ( cont 'd ) picture . nai stare at a draw . he look horrify . rellian open he present : it 's a new recurve like bo 's anda quiver of arrow . but he just put they on the table and sit , stare at he shoe . BEN ( cont 'd ) that be Black Storm broadhead . razor sharp . rellian what kind of crazy person celebrate Noam Chomsky 's birthday like it 's some kind of official holiday ?! why can not we just celebrate Christmas like the entire world ?! ( continued ) 52 53 54 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 42 . continued : 52 BEN you would prefer to celebrate a magical fictitious elf instead of a live humanitarian who have do so much to further human rights and understanding ? rell just stare at he dad . BEN ( cont 'd ) let 's have a discourse . rellian forget it . BEN no. explain . take the opportunity provide to make you case . we be all open to hearing you argument . if they be valid , if you persuade we , I be absolutely open to change . rellian no , it 's great . yea , Noam Chomsky Day ! rell stomp toward the bus . nai open another present . it 's the same knife Ben give to the twin . now nai 's face light up . nail yes ! thanks , dad . Little nai run up and hug he father . omitted 53 int . steve - moving . day . 54 now back on the road , bo stand and approach Ben . bodevan I want to go to college . Ben laugh . bodevan ( cont 'd ) we be not all go to just live with you forever . ( continued ) 54 55 56 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 43 . continued : 54 this stop Ben . he stare at he son . BEN I have to think about it . bodeven there 's nothing to think about . BEN you be too young . bodevan you say my training be do . BEN it be . bodevan so let I go . Ben stare at bo for a moment . he shake he head no . bo slam he fist into a seat and stomp back to he sleep loft . ext . highway . day . 55 as Steve travel along , the rural community of Northern California slowly transform into suburbia . int . steve - moving . SACRAMENTO , california . day . 56 Steve now drive through the outskirt of Sacramento , California , and into rush hour . Ben pick up the PA radio . BEN today 's great human be be a man name Enrique pefalosa , the Major of bogataé , Columbia from 1998 to 2001 . pefialosa completely re-envisioned the idea of " city ; " beautiful , functional public space design to promote daily human interaction among people of all income and race . he massively restrict car , create vast acre of bike lane and green space , emphasize the happiness and safety of child . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 57 58 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 44 . continued : 56 BEN ( cont 'd ) what we have here be a example of calvin coolidge 's '' the business of America be business . '' exxonmobil , Chevron and ConocoPhillips collectively make $ 58.3 billion last year . instead of spend we money on health care , education , infrastructure , we shall pray at the altar of Saudi prince , we enter - for oil - unwinnable foreign war , spend you tax dollar on the occupation of foreign country , create more enemy who want to kill we . good american man and woman die every day . we democracy be one of the brightest light of social justice in the history of humankind . but hear freedom ring ! let 's go shopping ! we can drive to the mall ! nail what about Prince ? BEN different one . the kid stare out the window , amaze at the endless mile of car . ext . suburban neighborhood . evening . 57 Steve wind through tree-line , middle - class neighborhood . most of the home be new and have grass lawn out front . the bus stop in front of a two -story house . int . harper' house . night . 58 justin , harper 's 15 - year old son , sit in front of he computer . he wear over - size skater clothes and have a shave head . he show rellian how to play Grand theft Auto 5 . rellian be in heaven . over the sound of explosion and gunfire and scream , bo , kielyr , vespyr , and Zaja just sit on Jackson 's bed , try to make sense of this alien environment . the wall be plaster with band and movie poster . people they do not recognize and movie they have never see or hear of . 59 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 45 . int . harper' house . night . 59 nai be alone in the live room , stare at a frame photograph on the wall . the photograph be of Ben and Leslie , take at they wedding . she wear a white dress and push cake into Ben 's mouth . jackson ( 0.s. ) life 's a bitch . nai turn to see jackson , harper 's 13 - year old son . he be dress in the same over - size skater clothes as he brother and have the same shave head . nail yeah . jackson then you die . nai nod . jackson ( cont ’d ) life fuck suck , man . nai have no answer for this . he bite he lip . harper ( 0.s. ) dinner ! everyone ! jackson dude . Jackson just nod he head over and over . then he spot the knife on nai 's belt . jackson ( cont ’d ) whoa ! can I check that out ? nai hand Jackson he new knife . Jackson swing it around . jackson ( cont ’d ) rad . harper come into the room . harper boy , dinner ! her face drain of blood when she see the knife . she rush over and yank the knife away from Jackson . ( continued ) 59 60 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 46 . continued : 59 harper ( cont 'd ) ben! Ben !! Ben run in . BEN what ? what ?! harper hold out the knife . harper what be this ? BEN Jesus , you scared I . it 's okay . it 's nai 's . harper this be nai 's ? nai be 6 . BEN he be . harper do I really have to say this out loud ? why do a 6 - year old have a real sword ? BEN it 's not a sword . it 's a knife . harper why do a 6 - year old have a knife ... this big ?! BEN it 's primarily for butcher meat , but you can use it for make skin , create shelter . it have many use . harper stare at she brother for a minute . then she shake she head , resign disappointment on she face . harper I be put this in the knife drawer . he can have it back when you leave . int . dine room . harper' house . night . 60 the dining room be nothing especially elegant , but compare to what Ben 's kid be use to , this be very formal . ( continued ) 60 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 47 . continued : 60 napkin be line up at every seat and glass and silverware set out . harper and Dave be place food on the table : roast chicken , mashed potato , and salad . harper Jackson ! now ! Jackson sulk in . his face be bury in he nintendo DS . harper ( cont 'd ) not at the table . Jackson plop down and continue to play . harper ( cont 'd ) Jackson . jackson alright ! once everyone sit , they pass the food around and Dave hold up the wine bottle for Ben . BEN please . harper everything be local and organic and non-gmo . I be just say . Ben smile and Dave pass Ben the wine bottle . Ben pour himself a glass . BEN bo , little syrah ? bodevan nod and Ben pour he 18 - year old son some wine . Justin and Jackson freeze , wide - eye . harper Ben . BEN it 's one of the great pleasure in life , it 's not crack . zaja what 's crack ? ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 48 . 60 continued : 60 BEN a crystallize , highly addictive form of the stimulant cocaine . accelerate the decimation of urban inner-city neighborhood in the mid - 1980 . crack -head , some of they just kid , be kill each other for they nike . harper smile . weakly . harper Children do not drink wine . BEN in France , child drink wine all the time . it 's a digestive . harper well , we be not in France . Ben smile . he put the wine glass down . nail they kill each other for nike ? the Greek winge goddess of Victory ? at this , Justin and Jackson laugh . jackson he 's joke , right ? they can see , by they cousin 's face , that he be not . justin they be like adida . but cooler . zaja who 's adida ? Justin and Jackson can not believe they ear . jackson you be serious ? Zaja nod . justin they be shoe . everyone be silent for a moment . harper and Dave share a look . ( continued ) 60 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 49 . 60 dave ben. we're ... I be so sorry for you loss . BEN thanks , dave. dave I do not ... really know what else to say . Dave look at harper for help . BEN it 's okay . I know you have issue with Leslie . it 's not a secret . dave I would not say that ! BEN last time we see you , you call she a " fuck bitch . " harper Ben ! BEN it 's okay . the kid know . right guy ? all of he kid nod , completely unaffected by it . Justin and Jackson look absolutely stunne . dave no , wait . I say ... we all have a huge fight about sugar ... I give the kid frosted mini-wheat ! the extremity of she position ... she be yelling at I , she pushed I , and I say - BEN " do not be such a fuck bitch . " harper Ben ! dave that kind of language be inappropriate in front - ( continued ) 60 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 50 . continued : 60 BEN they be just word . you word . but just word . harper not speak in this household . BEN absolutely . understood . there be another protract and awkward silence . Dave look very concerned . dave my point be ... it 's not easy to express ... to try and articulate ... when someone die .... Dave give up . he sigh . dave ( cont 'd ) we be all ... devastate . we be just ... so sorry . Ben nod . BEN none of we grow up with a ritual that help we deal with the confusion and sorrow that come with death . justin dad , how do aunt Leslie die ? Dave look at Ben . then back at he son . dave well . aunt Leslie be sick . and she have some ... complication . from she sickness . BEN she have a mental illness call bipolar affective disorder . we think it first start after bo be bear , the genesis of which be probably a form of postpartum psychosis . ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 51 . 60 continued : 60 BEN ( cont 'd ) her mood would swing radically from " mania , " she would be elate , have so many plan and idea for the future , to severe depression , where she would be almost catatonic , utterly without hope . we be not really able to diagnose the - harper I be not sure the kid need to know all the detail . Dave try to take over . dave the doctor put she in the hospital . they give she medicine . but she be ... really sick . and she ... die . sick people die . sometimes . they die . and she ... she just ... die . die of ... because she be sick . she die . his child look at he , confuse by the inadequacy of he explanation . dave ( cont ’d ) this thing can be very difficult to explain . BEN she jump out a window . she kill herself . harper Ben ! BEN my kid know . harper burst into tear and run from the room . Dave pause . then he stand . dave Excuse I . Dave follow harper . as soon as he 's go , Ben pour wine into each of he kid 's glass . then he hold up he wine glass . BEN to Mom . ( continued ) 60 61 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 52 . continued : 60 all the kid say " to Mom , " clink they glass , and drink . Ben look at Justin and Jackson , hold a finger to he lip . BEN ( cont 'd ) shhhhhh . ext . yard . harper' house . night . 61 on the back lawn behind harper 's house , Ben drop some duffel bag ; he check and re-check supplies . harper we do the best we can ! that 's all everyone 's do . the best they know how ! I be sorry it do not meet you high standard ! dave this be a very hard time right now , we be all still probably in shock . everyone 's very ... raw . BEN I be simply tell they the truth . harper protect child from certain concept that they be too young to comprehend be not lie to they ! dave guy . let 's keep we voice down here . Ben look at he sister . BEN I apologize . I be sorry for not respect the way you do thing in you home . harper okay . thank you for say that . harper wipe the tear from she eye . her tension decrease , she voice now tender and sympathetic . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 53 . 61 continued : 61 harper ( cont 'd ) I know Leslie 's be sick for year . but I can only imagine how difficult this time must be for you . Ben 's kid come out of the house ; they find and climb into they sleep bag . dave no , hey . what be you do ? BEN we be sleep under the star . harper we make up the rec room downstairs . dave who want to sleep on toy Story sheet ? none of the kid have any idea what harper and Dave be talk about , but the idea of sleep inside be obviously attractive . bodevan can we ? nail can we , dad ? Ben ignore the hopeful face of he kid . BEN we be fine here . harper and Dave look at the kid . they be plainly not fine with this decision . 62 int . kitchen . harper' house . morning . 62 it 's the morning chaos in every house with kid and parent who work . harper simultaneously clear the breakfast dish and , at the same time , be pack up lunch for Justin and Jackson . harper we be go to fly in Sunday morning . we can only stay until after the ceremony because the kid have school on Monday . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 54 . 62 continued : 62 Jackson be play he nintendo DS under the table . harper ( cont 'd ) Jackson . jackson can I be excuse ? harper " May I ... " no , you may not . put that away or I be go to break it in half and throw it in the trash can . jackson alright ! harper actually , you may be excuse on one condition . please show you cousin you new hamster . justin can we play Xbox after ? harper look at Dave . harper one game . justin jackson yes ! yes ! all the kid jump up and follow Justin and Jackson into the adjacent room . video game sound start almost immediately . Dave and harper exchange a look . Dave nod . dave how be the kid ? BEN they be fine . they be strong . Ben clear the table and start wash the dish . dave how long have you be there ? wherever it be you be live now . BEN we leave Boulder when bo be about 3 . live on that farm we have in Oregon until he be 7 . no , 8 . ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 55 . 62 continued : 62 BEN ( cont 'd ) I guess we have only be in the forest for ... about 10 year . dave how do you still have money ? Ben smile . BEN I buy only what I need . dave but how do you - harper you want to live in the tree , fine , that 's entirely up to you . but you child be without a mother now . what you do will have a last impact on they entire life . BEN and that . that be precisely why I be do what I be do . dave we be really - may I ? harper nod . dave ( cont 'd ) harper and I have be talk ... the kid need stability . structure . like normal kid . they need to go to a real school . so they can get real job when they be - harper oh , for Christ 's sake . harper just can not take it anymore . she jump up . harper ( cont 'd ) you be go to get they kill ! you have any idea what you be do to they ? BEN save they life be what I be do . harper oh , do not be ridiculous . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 56 . 62 continued : 62 BEN be know how to set a bone or treat a severe burn ridiculous ? be know how to navigate by the star in total darkness ridiculous ? how to identify edible plant , how to make clothes from animal skin , how to survive in the forest with nothing but a knife ? harper look ashen . harper Jesus . BEN they have the cardiovascular and muscular endurance level of elite athlete . harper they be child ! they need to go to school and learn about the world ! BEN Jackson ! Justin ! come here a second . after a moment , Jackson and Justin peek in . jackson what ? BEN how old be you now , Jackson ? jackson 13 . BEN can you tell I , what 's the Bill of rights ? Jackson shrug . jackson what something cost ? BEN Justin , you be 15 , right ? what be that , ninth grade ? justin yeah . ( continued ) 62 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 57 . continued : 62 BEN that 's High School now ? you like you school ? Justin shrug . BEN ( cont 'd ) can you tell I what the Bill of rights be ? justin a government thing . like rights that people have and stuff . in America . BEN could you be more specific ? Justin shrug again . BEN ( cont 'd ) Zaja ! come here please ! Ben turn to harper and Dave . BEN ( cont 'd ) Zaja just turn 8 , by the way . Zaja walk in . BEN ( cont 'd ) the Bill of rights . zaja the first ten amendment to the constitution , limit the power of the government and guarantee we liberty and freedom . BEN more specific . zaja amendment 1 : Congress shall make no law respect a establishment of religion , or prohibit the free exercise thereof ; or abridge the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to - ( continued ) 62 63 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 58 . continued : 62 BEN stop . regurgitating memorize amendment be not what I be ask . I think we go over this pretty well . Zaja bite she lip . zaja without the Bill of rights , we would be more like ... China . for instance . here at least warrantless search be illegal ; we have free speech ; citizen be protect from cruel and unusual punishment , be protect from - harper that 's enough . BEN how would you characterize the 2010 Supreme Court decision on citizen United ? dave ben. zaja corporation have the same rights as people , so there 's no spend limit on candidate . which mean we country be rule by corporation and they lobbyist who fund candidate and command they fealty by demand that - harper enough ! okay ? Jesus Christ , Ben ! you make you point ! we get it . BEN would not that be nice . ext . harper' house . morning . 63 Steve pull away , leave harper , Dave , Jackson , and Justin watch from the curb . nai look out the back window of the bus and wave . behind they parent 's back , Jackson and Justin surreptitiously flip off nai . 64 65 66 67 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 59 . ext . highway . day . 64 Steve travel down highway 99 , through the Central Valley . ext . flagstaff , arizona . day . 65 as the sun set , the bus make its way through the suburb of flagstaff . ext . rv_ " campground . " day . 66 Steve pull into a rv park . ext . rv_ " campground . " day . 67 Steve be now park alongside row of winnebagos . Ben and bo be out front , fix dinner . a small rv pull up along side Steve . claire , a pretty teenager , come out . nail I be go for wood . Ben look over to see nai hold a small axe . BEN come here . Ben bend down into the pre-make fire pit , light a match , turn a switch and - instant fire . nai that 's cheating . BEN yes , it be . Claire and bo make eye contact , but bo look away . ellen , Claire 's Mom , exit she rv . she 's about Ben 's age and attractive . ellen hello . Ben smile and nod . ellen watch Ben for a minute , as he set up dinner for he kid . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 60 . 67 continued : 67 ellen ( cont 'd ) you know anything about break heater ? 68 ext . rv_ " campground . " day . 68 remove from the main rv area , on a lawn by a playground , bodevan be move through a series of yoga vinyasa . claire ( v.o. ) be that yoga ? bodevan look over to see Claire sit on she skateboard , smoking a cigarette . bodevan you breath , they call it " pranayama , " flow with you movement , you " asana . " it 's suppose to connect the mind and body and fuel you " samadhi . " claire that really work ? bo shrug . Claire move closer . claire ( cont 'd ) how old be you ? bodevan 21 . claire really ? you in college ? bo pause again , then nod he head yes . claire ( cont 'd ) where do you go ? bodevan Harvard . claire seriously ? bo nod again . claire ( cont 'd ) I love Boston . ( continued ) 68 69 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 61 . continued : 68 bodevan yeah . it 's ... pretty cool . I mean , the Boston massacre . the Boston tea Party . Battle of bunker Hill . the Siege of Boston . it have a rich history for a american city . plus , you know , it 's the home of America 's first public school . Boston Latin in 1635 . first subway in the U.S. in 1897 . it also - Claire laugh . claire that be tweaky . that be like Wikipedia . I be Claire . bodevan bodevan . claire bodevan ? what kind of name be that ? bodevan my parent make it up . claire that 's weird . why ? bodevan we name be unique . there 's just one of we in the whole world . claire that 's weird . bo nod . he look away . int . ellen' rv. day . 69 as Ben try to diagnose the problem , ellen trail he around she rv . he light all the burner on she stove . they all work . BEN I would have the system check to make sure there 's no lp leak . if that 's clear , have the lp pressure set , so you will know if you have a faulty regulator . ( more ) ( continued ) 69 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 61a . 69 BEN ( cont 'd ) if that 's okay and you can set the pressure at 11 inch of water column , then you have to figure out how air be get in . ( more ) ( continued ) 69 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 62 . continued : 69 BEN ( cont 'd ) see if there 's air in the gas line system . but let 's check if the heater light . ellen laugh . BEN ( cont 'd ) that 's funny ? ellen I do not know it be actually break . she smile . ellen ( cont 'd ) why do not you come over here ? for a moment , they just stare at each other . she smile . there be a palpable sexual tension between they . Ben walk away from she , over to the water heater . BEN you be a very attractive woman . ellen move closer . BEN ( cont 'd ) in another life , I would like nothing more than to make love to you with the passion and stay power of a sex - obsessed 17 - year old boy . ellen that sound nice . BEN but I just lose my wife . her demeanor change , transform instantly from flirtatious to maternal . ellen oh , my God , I be so sorry . when ? BEN five day ago . the recent nature of this make ellen gasp . she slowly move to Ben and hug he . ( continued ) 69 70 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) continued : BEN ( cont 'd ) no. I be fine . he gently push she off of he . ellen you wife just die . BEN I be fine . ellen honey . she reach for he again . BEN I be fine . Ben move away from she and light the water heater . ext . rv_“ campground '' - pool . night . Claire sit next to a swim pool , she foot in the water , bob she head to the music come out of she ipod . claire what 's you favorite music ? bo consider this . bodevan probably bach . especially the Goldberg variation . mainly Glenn gould 's version . but I also like the unaccompany cello suite , preferably when play by yo - yo ma . this make Karen smile . claire where you from ? bodevan all over . most recently Paris . in the marais . near Victor Hugo 's house . my family 's only here for my dad 's sabbatical . he 's work on a book about ... Dr. spock . claire Star Trek 's awesome . 63 . 69 70 ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 64 . 70 continued : 70 bodevan which star ? claire spock . the guy with the ear . he 's from Star Trek . bodevan no , he be from Connecticut , I be pretty sure . right after Yale , he write " baby and child Care " in 1946 . one of the seminal work on child - rear . Claire laugh . claire I be talk about that old tv show . bodevan oh , yeah . right . I know that one . it 's ... awesome . where 's you dad ? claire he get remarry and move to Florida . he 's a fuck dickhead . we do not talk about he . where 's you Mom ? bodevan I be not suppose to talk about it . she work for the U.S. government . claire like James bond ? again , bo do not know this reference . bodevan I do not ... know . I be not suppose to talk about it . due to its highly classified nature . claire seriously ? my Mom work for a insurance company . Claire smile at bo , clearly take with he . he try to hold she gaze , but can not . 71 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 65 . ext . rv_ " campground . " night . 71 Claire and bo walk through the mostly dark rv park . she grab he hand and pull he toward she . her body be so close that bo can smell she . she kiss he . bo be utterly stunne . this be he first kiss . he 's slow to respond , but then , he can not stop . it 's tender and sweet . bo 's face be flushed and he 's breathe rapidly . instantly and deeply in love . he look like he might cry . claire you okay ? bo nod and she kiss he again . this time , the kiss last much longer . claire ( cont 'd ) you kiss good . bodevan so do you . they kiss again , this time they hand explore each other 's body . Claire finally break it off . claire follow I . but we have to be totally quiet . he nod and they sneak behind a few trailer . ellen ( 0.s. ) it 's almost midnight . bo and Claire turn to see ellen , Claire 's Mom , wait up in a chair in front of she winnebago . she smoke a cigarette and look very piss off . ellen ( cont 'd ) I sincerely hope you two lovebird have not be do what I think you have be do . bo look at Claire . then he get down on one knee . he clear he throat . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 65a . 71 continued : 71 bodevan I be consider a career in computer programming . which can be highly lucrative . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 72 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 66 . continued : 71 bodevan ( cont 'd ) though , of course , I be young , so I will keep my option open . I do not have my own house . obviously . but I know I could provide a good home . someday I want kid . not now . of course . someday . I be not religious , but I be tolerant . if you be . Religious that be , not tolerant . or ... both . what 's you last name ? claire mccune . bodevan Claire mccune . will you be my wife ? Claire stare at bo . then she look at she Mom . then they both burst out laugh . for a moment , bo be not sure what to do . his face turn red . he stand . and try to pretend like he be joke . ellen okay , funnyman . you dad 's probably wait up . bo nod . claire " night . bo nod again and stumble toward Steve . ext . rv_ " campground . " morning . 72 bo have make breakfast for the other kid . they be all outside , sit on bench , eat oatmeal . the door to Steve fly open , slamm hard against the side . Ben stride out , naked . he stretch . a elderly couple walk by . they gawk at Ben , a completely naked man . BEN it 's just a penis . every man have one . the kid stare at Ben , eat they cereal , not the slight bit embarrassed . like he 's do this a thousand time before . ( continued ) 72 73 74 75 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 67 . continued : 72 which he have . as Ben continue , a few of the kid mouth the word along with he . BEN ( cont 'd ) we be not puritans . we be all just animal of the earth . be a dog embarrassed to defecate in the dirt ? of course not . appall , the couple scurries away . nail you get to put you penis away now . ext . rv_ " campground . " morning . 73 ellen and Claire wave goodbye . bo be in the back seat , look out the window , stare at Claire as the bus drive away . face so close , he breath fog the glass . he place he hand on the window . a silent goodbye . ext . highway 40 . day . 74 Steve drive along a highway 40 , a vast desert on all side . int . steve - moving . day . 75 Ben grab the PA radio . BEN lady and gentleman , if I can have you attention please . about four hour south of here lie Camp grant . in the late 1800s , white arrive in this area by the thousand , deplete the food and water supplies of the indigenous people . horrific act of violence be commit on both side . but as the US government be not do anything about the frisky native , people think they would better settle this themselves . so in the pre-dawn hour of April 30 , 1871 , 146 armed man surprised a camp of apaches . almost all woman and child , as the man be off hunt for food . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 76 77 78 79 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 68 . continued : 15 BEN ( cont 'd ) eight old man and 110 woman and child be massacre in under 30 minute . twenty -seven child be sell into slavery in Mexico . this be the Camp grant massacre . no one be ever prosecute . today , there be no physical marker locating this site , no day of remembrance . he let this settle in . BEN ( cont 'd ) on a lighter note , we should be at nana and grandpa 's in about four and half hour . ext . highway 40 . day . 76 now the bus exit the freeway . the terrain here be markedly different . Long go be the mountain of evergreen . it 's now the red dirt and rock formation of the Southwest desert . ext . albuquerque , new mexico . day . 77 surrounded by cactus and palm tree , hundred of rotor sprinkler shoot water over a vast golf course . Steve wind past the course , which stretch into the distance , as far as the eye can see . ext . front gate . coronado ridge . day . 78 the bus drive by the iron gate of a gated community , the sign on the gate read , " coronado Ridge . " Ben drive by without pause . bodevan wait ! why be not we stop at nana and grandpa 's ? omitted 79 80 81 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 69 . ext . ST . jude's church . parking lot . dusk . 80 Steve pull into the parking lot of St. Jude 's church and park at the far end . int . steve - stop . morning . 81 it 's now morning and Ben be wear a baby blue vintage tuxedo , the shirt with enormous ruffle . he 's help the kid , as they scramble around , try to get dress . each kid be wear they favorite piece of clothing . the twin wear pink tight and tu-tus , nai have on he fray whale costume , Zaja be wear what look like some kind of military outfit , and bo be wear he thrift - store suit . rellian be still in he pajamas , stare at they all . rellian we can not go like this . BEN we can do whatever we want . rellian then I be not get dress . BEN then go in you pajamas . rellian dad , please ?! please . everyone be go to laugh at we . BEN who care what total stranger think ? this be for Mom . she would love what you be wear . she would think it be fun . rellian we be suppose to wear black ! it 's a funeral . BEN for they it 's a funeral . for we - this be she goodbye party . and we be not wear black to a party ! 82 83 84 85 86 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 70 . ext . ST . jude's church . morning . 82 outside the front door of the church , Jack and abigail , both visibly distraught , hold hand , stagger from a black limousine and make they way into the church . harper , Dave , Justin and Jackson get out of the limousine behind they and trail they into the church . omitted 83 omitted 84 omitted 85 int . ST . jude 's church . day . 86 a sea of mourner in black sit a large Catholic church for the funeral mass . the priest stand in front of the congregation , a enormous statue of Christ on the Cross above the altar at he back . as he speak , in a warm and caring voice , incense smoke rise behind he . priest o God , to whom mercy and forgiveness belong , hear we prayer on behalf of you servant Leslie Cash , whom you have call out of the world : and because she put she hope and trust in you , command that she be carry safely home to Heaven and come to enjoy you eternal reward . amen . the entire crowd repeat , " amen . " just then , Ben and he brightly - color family walk to the front of the church . they pass harper , Dave , Justin and Jackson , who find it hard to mask they utter shock at the sight of what Ben and he kid be wear . Ben and the kid sit in the first row . ( continued ) 86 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 71 . continued : 86 Jack and abigail , also in the first row , now turn to see Ben and he family . Jack 's face turn bright red , but there be nothing he can do now . Ben nod at Jack . Jack look away , at the priest . the priest eye the newcomer for a second , then continue . priest ( cont 'd ) I do not know Leslie personally . and I be poorer for it . but I understand that she be a loving mother who give up she law practice to raise she child . Leslie love she mother , Angela , she father , Jack , and they dog , harvey and Little bear . they have tell I that she also love gardening . and classical music . particularly Glenn gould 's version of the Goldberg variation . and walk in the moonlight on the beach . and she love she husband Ben and they child - BEN I will take that as my cue , if I may . before Jack can stop he , Ben jog to the front of the church . he stand directly in front of the priest . BEN ( cont 'd ) first off , Leslie practice Buddhism . which , to she , be a philosophy and not a organize religion . in fact , Leslie abhorre organize religion , think it the single most dangerous fairy - tale ever invent , use to strike fear and obedience into the heart of the innocent and uninformed . she see it not just as a source of injustice , but as a crime against humanity . to she - the only thing worse than death would have be the knowledge that she rotting flesh be to be trap for all eternity in a box in the middle of a fuck golf course . at this , there be audible gasp from the congregation . Jack push he way out of the pew and whisper to some usher in black suit . ( continued ) 86 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 72 . 86 BEN ( cont 'd ) though the absurdity of be eulogize by someone who do not even know she have exactly the kind of comedic flourish that she would have cherish . Ben look at he kid . they nod at he , encourage he to continue . BEN ( cont 'd ) if nothing else . Leslie have a sense of humor . usher in black suit , guide by Jack , now inch toward the podium . usher sir? please ? Ben ignore they . he take a piece of paper from he jacket . BEN I want to read you all something . so you know what I mean . I find this after she death . it 's Leslie 's will . and I quote , " in the event of she death , Leslie abigail Cash , as a Buddhist , wish to be cremate . her funeral , such as it be , shall be a celebration of the life -cycle , with music and dance . after , it be she express desire that she ash shall be take to a nondescript location , preferably public and heavily populate so as to be utterly unremarkable . at which point she ash , promptly and unceremoniously , be to be flushed down the nearest toilet . " end quote . Ben look up at the mourner . BEN ( cont 'd ) now that 's comedy . the usher rush Ben . he resist , but there be too many man for Ben to fight and he be overpower . BEN ( cont 'd ) I be not finish ! you be not listen . she do not want this ! ( continued ) 86 87 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 73-74 . continued : 86 the usher drag Ben toward the entrance of the church . BEN ( cont 'd ) let go of I ! this be against she wish ! she be my wife ! bo gather the kid and they follow as they father be drag - fight - out of the church . ext . ST . jude 's church . day . 87 Ben sit on a bench next to the front door of the church . the child , despondent and daze , sit farther off , on a grassy knoll . the church door open and pallbearer , follow by Jack and abigail ; harper , Dave and they kid , and various other relative , accompany the casket to the wait hearse . the congregation move to they car , give the family they privacy . Jack look up to find Ben , not three foot away . jack you be the worst thing that have ever happen to my family . the kid straggle up . BEN Jack , you remember you grandchild . only now do Jack see the kid . in a instant , he soften , bend down to embrace he grandchild . jack come here , guy . I have miss you all so much . come here . he and abigail wade into the kid . abigail look daze . or severely medicate . abigail it 's so nice to all be together . jack we will take the child to the ceremony . and see you back at the house after . ( continued ) 87 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 73-74a . continued : 87 BEN they be my kid . they be stay with I . Jack stare at Ben for a moment . then he address he grandchild . jack Children . I be sorry it 's turn out this way . but you father have demonstrate that he be unfit to attend the funeral . BEN I will not allow you to bury she . jack you follow we . I will have you arrest . Ben laugh . jack ( cont 'd ) who do you think the local police be go to listen to ? a long - stand member of this community ? or a hippie . dress like a clown . Jack face Ben for a moment . then he take abigail by the arm and they move to they limousine . BEN I be not a hippie . the kid watch as they grandparent 's limousine disappear into the distance . BEN ( cont 'd ) everyone back on Steve ! let 's go ! vespyr where be we go ? BEN we be go to stop the funeral . rellian he say no . dad ! but Ben 's already on the bus , the engine run . 88 89 90 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 75 . omitted 88 ext . cemetery . day . 89 the long line of black car funnel into the roll hill of a cemetery . int . steve - moving . day . 90 Ben be keep a fair distance , but still follow the funeral procession of black car . bodevan we can not go . dad ! vespyr listen to we ! nail why can not we go to Mom 's funeral ? zaja because of dad . nai because of he speech ? zaja yes . BEN everyone shut up ! and sit the fuck down ! I want silence . silence ! kielyr bodevan no ! dad , stop Steve ! dad ! you hear grandpa ! he will have we arrest if we show up . BEN they will not stop we from save Mom ! kielyr vespyr let 's go home . let 's just go dad ! abort the mission ! home ! zaja yeah , abort mission ! ( continued ) 90 91 92 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 76 . continued : 90 BEN we be rescue Mom ! bodevan Mom be dead ! she 's dead ! okay ?! this be not what she would have want you to do ! BEN they have no right ! bo now yell . bodevan I do not want to lose you ! this stop Ben . he look at bo. bodevan ( cont 'd ) we can not lose you too . Ben finally hear he son . and it break he heart . omitted 91 ext . highway rv_ " campground . " day / eve . 92 Ben sit outside the bus , play he guitar in front of a small fire . Zaja try to sneak on the bus . BEN hey , get you flute . let 's play . Zaja stare at he ; she seem to be hide something behind she back . BEN ( cont 'd ) what have you get there ? she open she hand revealing a dead lizard . zaja I have work to do . ( continued ) 92 93 94 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 77 . 92 Zaja climb on the bus . ext . residential STREET near '' campground . '' night . 93 a quiet street , light by a long line of street lamp . rell be throw rock at one of they . bo walk out of the darkness . bodevan it 's okay to be sad about Mom . rell just keep fling rock at the light . bo laugh . rellian she want to be flushed down the toilet . bodevan Mom be sicker than any of we know . rellian dad made she crazy . that 's why she kill herself . she want to leave . she do not want to live in the forest anymore . dad be dangerous . rellian ( cont 'd ) Mom have psychotic episode . she have hallucination . of smash we head in . with rock . I hear they talk about it . bo stare at he brother , absorb this new information . rellian ( cont 'd ) you think you know everything . you think we life be so great . you think dad be perfect ! nana and grandpa 's life . they be much better . rell turn and race back toward the rv Camp . ext . highway rv_ " campground . " night . 94 Ben walk out of the bus and find bo , read . BEN you want to play some music ? ( continued ) 94 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 78 . continued : 94 bo open he backpack and hand Ben he stack of college acceptance letter . Ben sit in front of the fire . he read the letter . after he finish , there 's a long moment of silence . BEN ( cont 'd ) well do . bodevan thanks . BEN very impressive . bodevan I guess . Ben pass the letter back to bo. BEN all this time , you have be deceive I . bodevan what ? no. BEN I allow you to go to the library and you be sneaking around behind my back , take the sat , contact and apply to university . bodevan not like that . BEN we be not a accredite home -school , but secretly , you fill out this application , you get you work approve , you manage to create acceptable transcript . bodevan no . BEN all without my knowledge or approval . I do not know what 's more impressive . the fact that you get into all this school . or that for month , you be lie directly to my face ! ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 79 . 94 continued : 94 bodevan it be Mom . Ben be silent . this be clearly a surprise . bodevan ( cont 'd ) she help I . with everything . we do it together . I just want to go to college . BEN you speak four language . High math ! theoretical physics ! what be they go to teach you there ? bodevan I know nothing . Ben stare at he son . bodevan ( cont 'd ) Mom understand ! she know ! we be freak . you have make we freak . unless it come out of a book . I do not know anything about anything ! bo storm into the bus . Ben sit there for a second , at a loss . xe nai ( 0.s8 . ) dad ? Ben look up to see nai , naked . BEN put on some clothes , buddy . nai shake he head no . he hold a piece of paper and read . nail " do not try and get I . this be real this time . - rellian . " 95 int . steve - moving . suburban STREET . night . 95 all the kid be stand , peer out the window as they drive Steve down a city street . BEN he could not have get very far . ( continued ) 95 96 97 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 80. continued : 95 nail be he go to die ? BEN no , buddy . zaja accord to recent FBI statistic , in exurban and suburban semi-dense residential area , there be a average of 1,242 incidence of violent crime , murder , forcible rape , aggravate assault - BEN Zaj ! zaja I be just say , he could die . statistically speak . BEN he will be fine . rell be confuse . we be all confuse . the world be a confusing place . we just have to find he . bodevan I know where he go . everyone turn to look at bo. ext . grandpparent house . night . 96 Ben jump off the bus and run up to the front door of Jack and abigail 's house , follow by bo , vespyr , and kielyr . BEN bo , make sure everyone stay on Steve ! bo push the twin back toward Steve . int . foyer . grandpparent house . night . 97 Ben push he way into the house , abigail right behind he . abigail Ben , no . no ! ( continued ) 97 98 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 81 . continued : 97 abigail step in front of he , physically stop he . behind they , all over the wall , be mount game trophy : deer , wild boar , pheasant . BEN where be he ? abigail pause , see the anxiety on Ben 's face . BEN ( cont 'd ) he 's my son . abigail finally nod she head . abigail follow I . and she lead he down a hallway . int . game simulator room . grandpparent house . night . 98 Ben follow abigail into the dark , game simulator room . on one entire wall be a large project image : a field , blue sky , tree in the background . rellian hold a shotgun , bright orange cord run from the stock to the central console of this marksman st- 2 indoor shoot simulator . on the screen , a grouse fly up and rellian fire . BEN okay . rell . get you thing . jack one second there . rellian do not move . BEN rell , come on . jack I say , one second . Ben ignore Jack and speak directly to rellian . BEN rell , look at I . I understand that you be angry for make we go to the church with we dress like that . and I apologize . but sometimes you have to do thing that you - ( continued ) 98 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 82. Jack turn on the light . Ben pause . jack rellian have something to say . BEN - that you do not want to do , that you do because it 's what someone - rellian you kill Mom ! rellian ( cont 'd ) I hear you . I hear you fight about where we live ! Mom want to leave ! I hear . BEN Mom and I make certain decision about how - rellian you be the worst dad in the whole world ! I want to live here , with nana and grandpa ! rell be so angry that he face be turn red . BEN well , that 's not possible . rellian fuck you . I hate you ! I fuck hate you ! 98 rellian bolt out of the room , follow by abigail , leave Ben and Jack alone . Ben turn , call after rell . BEN come back here right now ! not five foot from Ben 's head , a arrow thud into the wall . Ben jump . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 82a . 98 continued : 98 BEN ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! ( continued ) 98 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 83 . continued : 98 he stare at the arrow , bury deep in the wall . BEN ( cont 'd ) what the fuck . he turn to see Jack lower rellian 's bow . BEN ( cont 'd ) that almost hit I . Jack examine the bow , then point to the various mount game around the room . jack if I have want to hit you , I would have hit you . Jack pour himself a drink , but do not offer one to Ben . jack ( cont 'd ) isolate from the world . no friend they own age . it will have a profoundly deleterious impact on they . for the rest of they life . BEN you just shot a fuck arrow at I ! Jack sip he drink . jack you tell we that they be in school . BEN Leslie and I be they teacher . be . they teacher . jack you teach they to steal ? BEN of course not . jack " Mission : free the food . " BEN that be part of they training . jack so you be " training " they to steal . ( continued ) 98 continued : Ben pause . GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 84 . 98 BEN they mother just die . they be in shock . they be devastate . they need something to distract they . it be for Noam Chomsky Day . jack Noam Chomsky Day . right . that 's when you give the child real weapon . BEN tell rell that we be go . right now . jack how do he break he hand ? BEN he fall . and it 's not break . jack climb a rock face . in the rain . BEN it be a accident . and it be not raining . jack he have bruise all over he body . BEN they be scratch . it 's nothing . jack it 's child abuse . even if they make it through whatever it be you be do to they , they will be completely unable to survive as adult , totally unprepare for the real world . BEN and I think the opposite be true . be you go to get he or do I have to ? jack rellian be legally old enough to choose . perhaps you do not know that . but I intend to honor he wish . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 84a . 98 continued : 98 Jack hand Ben a business card . ( continued ) 98 99 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 85 . continued : 98 jack ( cont 'd ) my lawyer 's card . Abby and I have decide to file for the custody of the child . I know you do not have a phone . but I strongly suggest you call he immediately so we be not force to issue a warrant for you arrest . Ben rip the card in half . BEN he be my son . I be not leave without he . Jack pick up the phone and dial . jack who 's this , please ? ( pause ) hello , Bill . it 's Jack bertrang , up in coronado . listen , I think I just see someone prowling around outside the house . could you send a car over right away ? ( pause ) thank you very much . Jack replace the phone and stare at ben. jack ( cont 'd ) perhaps you would care to explain rellian 's injury to the police . I be not sure I could . int . steve - stop / moving . night . 99 Ben start the bus and peel it out of the gravel parking lot . bodevan where 's rell ? vespyr why be we leave without rell ? Ben say nothing , barrel down the driveway . 100 101 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 86. ext . grandpparent house . night . 100 in the darkness , Ben and the kid , lie in the brush , surveilling they grandparent 's home . Ben - look through binocular - watch as Jack shake hand with a police officer in the driveway . the officer get in he squad car , drive down the gravel driveway , and disappear . Ben pass the binocular to vespyr . BEN prisoner locate . second floor . Middle window over the garage . vespyr peer through the binocular . vespyr target lock . BEN Mission be a go . bo slap vesp on the shoulder . zaja do not fall . vespyr yeah . thanks . zaja you will fracture you cranium . or the impact will cause a acute subdural hematoma . or you vertebra could pop out off you back in a axial compression fracture —- BEN Zaj . kielyr bring he home , vesp . vespyr jump up . ext . grandpparent house . night . 101 vespyr stare at a dark wall of Jack and abigail 's house . it 's about a twenty foot climb straight up to the roof . ( continued ) 101 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 86a . continued : 101 she bolt - full speed - toward the wall . she plant a foot on a water spout , grab a tree branch , and - in one swift motion - swing herself up to the lip and flip onto the roof . ( continued ) 101 102 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 87 . continued : 101 she kneel in the dark , scan . Planning . like a trapeze artist , nimble and move swiftly , vespyr shimmy across a long , narrow section of the roof . she leap , landing in a crouch on a flat section of the roof and pause , again analyze she trajectory . she pounce , grip a drain pipe and fling herself upward . it 's steep , it 's slow go , but she 's strong . now at the very top of the house , fifty foot off the ground , she shuffles over a cupola and drop onto another section of the roof . she hover over a second story window , the light on , now only 5 foot away . she turn and grip a tile , she lower herself . crack . the tile snap and - in a instant - vespyr tumble down the roof . she bump and somersault , head over heel , she hand grasp at the roof as she fall , but there 's nothing to hold . and she flip over the edge ... drop twenty foot ... until she body slam - with a sicken thud - against a suv park in the gravel driveway . she roll off , a rag doll , and flop to the driveway . nail vesp ! everyone leap up and race to she . the light of the parking perimeter flash on . int . ambulance - moving . night . 102 in the back of a ambulance , Ben kneel next to vespyr , who lie on a gurney . her eye be close and a oxygen mask be on she face . a emt paramedic monitor she vital . 103 104 105 106 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 88. int . hospital corridor . hospital . night . 103 Ben run , helpless , next to the emt as they race vespyr on the gurney down the hallway . int . hospital corridor . hospital . night . 104 Ben pace the hallway . the kid sleep on hallway bench and on the floor . int . hospital corridor . hospital . night . 105 it 's the middle of the night . the corridor be now dimly light and empty . Ben sit against a wall on the floor . a doctor come out of vespyr 's room and Ben leap up to meet he . doctor she have a decent concussion . but we do a cat scan and there 's absolutely no damage to the brain . a simple fracture across the tibia and fibula on she leave leg . she will need a neck - brace and a cast . but she 's fine . Ben can not help but cry , but he 's do everything he can to pretend like he 's not . doctor ( cont 'd ) I would like to show you something . int . x-ray room . hospital . night . 106 the doctor click on a light on a wall - mount light box and illuminate a X - Ray . he touch it . doctor top vertebrae . that slight discoloration ? that 's a bruise . what be she do on a roof ? BEN just ... play . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 88a . 106 continued : 106 doctor exactly how far do she fall ? ( continued ) 106 107 108 109 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 89 . continued : 106 BEN twenty foot or so . Ben lean in . a infinitesimal gray line , about the width of a hair and no longer than a finger nail , be barely perceptible across the top vertebrae . doctor she a gymnast ? Ben shake he head no . doctor ( cont 'd ) but she play a lot of sport . Ben shake he head no again . doctor ( cont 'd ) hmm . for a girl she age , she 's unusually strong . physically . it 's ... remarkable . the doctor point to the bruise on the x-ray . doctor ( cont 'd ) we have seven vertebrae in the neck . a break in any of the first four , a tear to the spinal cord , I be talk even a millimeter more than what happen here - a millimeter . you daughter would be dead . you be a very lucky man . int . vespyr' hospital room . hospital . night . 107 in the dark room , Ben sit next to a sleep vespyr , hold she hand . he watch the ekg monitor . watch as she heart beat bounce up and down , up and down . int . grandpparent house . day . 108 Jack hold open the front door - abigail help vespyr , on crutch and in a neck -brace , into the foyer . they be follow in by the rest of the kid . and then finally , by Ben , carry luggage . omitted 109 110 111 112 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 90 . omitted 110 omitted 111 ext . lawn . grandpparent house . day . 112 on the massive grass lawn in the back of they grandparent 's house , Ben watch as he kid run Jack through a serious full - body , hardcore functional training routine : they be all shouting order at he , teach he how to move from lunge to burpy into plank . jack why be this call a burpie ? be I suppose to burp ? nai find this hilarious . nai no ! because it make you want to vomit ! if you do they enough . rellian no burping ! bodevan no stop ! vespyr kielyr no vomit allow ! no throw up ! all the kid be laugh ; everyone be have a great time with they grandfather . abigail appear in front of Ben , block he view . 113 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 91 . int . garage . grandpparent house . day . 113 the enormous garage be fill with all kind of athletic equipment and ephemera : he - and - she bicycle , golf trophy , golf cart . abigail be on the floor of the garage , fishing around in a cardboard box . she pass a photograph to ben. it be a photograph of Leslie at she High School prom . she have a bleach blonde streak in she hair , frost eyeliner , and both she dress and she date 's tuxedo be the height of 1980 fashion . abigail that boy , what be he name ? Dean ? derek ? BEN dirk . dirk modzelewski . abigail Lord , you be right . he be as dumb as paint . cute , though . I think she be just with he for the sex . Ben look at abigail , not sure whether or not to laugh . abigail smile and they both crack up . abigail ( cont 'd ) there 's all kind of stuff in here . take what you want . Ben reach into the box and pull out another photograph . this one be of Leslie at she Law School graduation . abigail ( cont 'd ) and there 's also this . abigail pass over a handwritten letter . ( continued ) 113 a113 114 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 92 . continued : 113 abigail ( cont 'd ) right before you call about get she treatment , she send I two letter . no return address . I want you to see . read here . abigail pass over another letter and point to a paragraph . BEN ( read ) " you do not need to come get I anymore . burn the other letter . what Ben and I have create here may be unique in all of human existence . we have create a paradise out of plato 's Republic . we child shall be philosopher king . it make I so indescribably happy . I be go to get better out here . I know I will . because we be define by we action , not we word . " Ben stare at the letter . omitted a113 int . media room . grandpparent house . night . 114 Ben walk into a media screen room . all the child be watch television on a huge screen . Ben stare at he kid for a moment . BEN remember the night when we sleep on the glacier . the full moon . Bright like it be daytime . Mom make rabbit stew . with the wild ramp that Zaj collect . rell turn up the volume on the television . Ben speak over it . ( continued ) 114 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 92a . continued : 114 BEN ( cont 'd ) that be the spring when we find that black bear cub . someone shot they mother . and Mom want to keep they . but we let they go . rell turn the volume up again . it 's now blaring . BEN ( cont 'd ) we give you that . at least . Ben nod . and he then leave the room . 115 116 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 93. int . live room . grandpparent house . morning . 115 Jack and abigail sit on a sofa in they live room , right outside of Jack 's office . Jack kiss abigail 's hand . ext . lawn . grandpparent house . morning . 116 the kid sit in a circle on the lawn , stare at Ben . they look stunne . nail like forever ? BEN nothing 's forever . zaja but like , not go home . BEN yes . like not go home . kielyr dad. nail you do not love we anymore ? BEN of course I love you . nail then why be you do this ? BEN because I love you . the kid try to comprehend what they have just be tell . nail no . vespyr but we want to live with you . Ben stare at he child . the moment stretch . BEN I almost get you kill . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 94 . 116 continued : 116 vespyr the tile just pop out . Ben shake he head no . BEN you do not understand . vespyr Fine . then explain . explain . nail use you word . Ben smile . wrestling with he guilt and culpability render Ben mute for perhaps the first time in he life . he try to articulate he thought . he fail . bodevan dad . Ben look up at bo . he look so lose . BEN yeah . bodevan you okay ? Ben stare . almost like he 's talk to himself . BEN Mom be so sick . I know it . I do . I know . I should have .... he do not finish he sentence . bodevan Mom be chemically imbalance . BEN I think . it would help she . I really think she would get better there . bodevan it 's not you fault . BEN it be too much . live in the wood . for that long . ( continued ) 116 117 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 95 . continued : 116 nail I do not want to live here . vespyr this house be a vulgar display of wealth . kielyr and a unethical use of space . nai why can not we just stay with you ? Ben focus on he kid . BEN if you do . I be go to get one of you kill . bodevan this can not be the only choice . dad. dad ? Ben be silent . nail dad ! Ben do not seem to hear they . his eye be dead . he look so old , suddenly . the kid look at each other , unsure how to proceed . int . foyer . grandpparent house . day . 117 Ben amble , disorientate , into the hallway . abigail stand as soon as she see he . Ben appear suspend , just sort of shuffle in place ; he have no idea where to go next . abigail rush over and pull he into a hug . she pat the back of he head , soothing he like he 's a child . Jack do not move . he stare down at the floor , give they some space , try to be as respectful as possible . 118 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 96 . int . game simulator room . grandpparent house . night . 118 the room be dark and rellian , in he pajamas , a shotgun in he hand , stand next to Jack . on the wall in front of they be another project outdoor scene : four duck fly over a pond . rellian fire and hit two duck . immediately after he fire , analysis appear on the screen : hit position , gun swing , change flight velocity , entry of target trajectory . jack look at that ! we will make a marksman of you yet . rellian I get two ! rellian beam . jack see how when you stop you swing , you be no longer on the target ? okay , hold on . Jack press a button on the console and now the simulator show the replay in slow motion . jack ( cont 'd ) good entry point on the trajectory . but right there . can you tell I why you miss ? rellian read the display . rellian look like I be slow maybe ? jack correct , it 's timing , but see there ? say you swing path be off . next time ... Jack adjust rellian 's barrel . jack ( cont 'd ) next time come in on a path more like that . okay . ready ? rellian smile and nod as Jack hit a button on the console . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 97 . 118 continued : 118 rellian when be we go to move my mom 's body ? jack move it where ? rellian I mean , so she can be cremate . jack oh . we be not do that . this confuse rell . rellian no . but it be in she will . jack I understand . but we be not burn she body . pay attention now . rell drop he barrel , suddenly so agitate that the volume of he voice betray he . rellian grandpa ? we have to cremate she ! she have really specific instruction . about what she want . jack you mother have no idea what she want . watch the screen . you just miss the first round . rellian 's face flush red . rellian no ! it be super important to she ! she want music and - jack do not raise you voice to I , young man . rell stare at he grandfather . rellian can we please have a discourse ? Jack smile . ( continued ) 118 119 120 121 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 98 . continued : 118 jack this be not up for discussion . rellian do not I at least get my chance to argue my - jack I be a grow -up . you be a child . I make decision that you will not understand . one day you will . no one say it 's fair . that be life . it 's a vital lesson , worth learn right now . it 's waste a time to fight it . you will not win . be that understand ? rell continue to stare at Jack . then he nod . Jack muss up rellian 's hair . jack ( cont 'd ) good boy . I be get some ice cream , you want some ice cream ? we have cherry Garcia and coffee , if nana do not polish it off . Jack flip the light on and amble toward the kitchen omitted 119 ext . grandpparent house . morning . 120 Ben be unpack Steve , pile some of the kid 's thing onto the gravel driveway . int . game room . grandpparent house . morning . 121 bo close the door to the game room . bodevan okay . we be safe . he nod at Zaja . ( continued ) 121 122 continued : rell march GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 99 . 121 zaja the " widowhood effect . " and here , from a article I read in the Economist or the lancet , I can not remember which , but I be quote a recent study by the Harvard School of Public Health : in a long - term relationship or marriage , after the death of a partner , man be 18 % more likely to die . additionally , more recent study indicate that there 's a 66 % increase chance of die during the first 3 month and in man under 59 , standardize mortality rate be about 90 time the average in the first week . rellian I be leave . toward the door . vespyr " Mission : rescue dad and Mom . " first objective . we provide dad with a clear goal and legitimate closure . secondary objective . we rescue Mom 's body . rell turn to look at he brother and sister . zaja fuck nana and grandpa . int . jack office . grandpparent house . day . 122 Ben stack a pile of the kid 's clothes in Jack 's office . jack you know where you head ? Ben shake he head no . jack ( cont 'd ) how will I contact you ? BEN I will call you in a couple of day . I still need to ship you all they stuff . ( continued ) 122 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 99a . continued : 122 on Jack 's desk be a frame picture of Leslie . the same one that Ben keep above the dashboard on Steve . it catch Ben 's eye . he stare at it . Jack follow he gaze . both man stare at the photo for a moment . they look at each other . Leslie 's father , Leslie 's husband . neither sure how to acknowledge they profound mutual love for she . they just nod . finally , Jack extend he hand and they shake . BEN ( cont 'd ) Zaja like to collect thing . Dead thing . she 's kind of a amateur taxidermist . jack okay . BEN nai do not like to wear clothes . Jack nod . BEN ( cont 'd ) vespyr and kielyr like to speak in esperanto . jack I understand . BEN bo want to go to college . he get in everywhere . I do not know how we can afford it exactly , but - jack Ben . I will take of it . we will take good care of they . there 's nothing to worry about . I promise . you be do the right thing . Ben nod he head . 123 124 125 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) ext . grandpparent house . day . Ben walk across the gravel to Steve . ext . / int . steve - stop . day . he climb up and close the door . he look around . without the kid , the bus be so empty . ext . grandpparent house . day . he pull Steve out of the gravel parking lot . 100 . 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 101 . int . steve - moving . day . 126 now on the highway , far from civilization , Ben burst into tear . all the pain , the grief , the intense sadness of Leslie 's death and from leave he child - it all finally just pour out . int . gas station . new mexico . day . 127 in a roadside gas station convenience store , Ben stack bottle of water on the counter . behind the attendant , something on the wall of item for sale catch he eye . int . bathroom . gas station . new mexico . day . 128 in the dingy gas station bathroom , Ben stand in front of a break mirror , a newly buy hair clipper in he hand . he slowly , methodically , buzze off he beard . ext . highway . dusk . 129 as the sun set , Steve be now but a small dot move slowly through the desert . ext . camp . night . 130 off the highway , in front of the park bus , Ben stare into a small fire , shadow flitting across this face . rellian ( 0.s. ) you shave you face . Ben look up to see rellian stand not 5 foot away . rellian ( cont 'd ) I do not hate you . for a second , Ben 's not sure whether or not he 's hallucinate . rellian ( cont 'd ) I just wish you would help Mom . then Ben see the rest of he kid . bo , vespyr , kielyr , Zaja , and a completely naked nai walk down off the bus . ( continued ) 130 continued : GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 102 . 130 rellian hug he dad . BEN I too . rellian we want to complete the mission . kielyr we want to save Mom . BEN there be no mission . zaja " Mission : rescue mommy . " vespyr Mom want to be cremate . rellian we want to honor she wish . nail and flush she down the toilet . Ben look up at he kid . Ben smile . BEN I be not ever go to put you in danger again . rellian " if you assume that there be no hope , you guarantee that there will be no hope . if you assume that there be a instinct for freedom , that there be opportunity to change thing , then there be a possibility that you can contribute to make a better world . " BEN Noam Chomsky . bodevan please . 131 132 133 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 103. ext . cemetery . night . 131 Steve pull into a dark cemetery . omitted 132 ext . cemetery . night . 133 the family exit Steve and search , silently , through the dark cemetery . they all carry flashlight and lantern , casting long shadow , creep across a moon - light landscape . vespyr dad ! they all move toward vespyr 's voice , gather around a freshly cover grave . Zaja read the gravestone . zaja " Leslie abigail Cash . April 23 , 1967 - July 15 , 2014 . May God bless she soul for all eternity . " nai unzip the duffel bag , revealing spade , garden trowel , climb rope . nail otherwise she have to lie under that bullshit forever . Ben and the kid thrust shovel into the freshly laid grass patch above the grave and dig . a series of shot : - nai and Zaja stand in the grave , shoveling dirt . - climb rope tie to the side handle of the casket , hold by bo and rellian , Ben yank the casket from the grave and slide it onto the grass . - the family , now cover in dirt , pause , catch they breath , stare at the freshly dig casket . zaja mommy 's in here . for a moment , they all forget where they be and what they be do . and touch the casket , imagine they mother inside . GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 103a . 134 ext . cemetery parking lot . night . 134 struggle through the parking lot under its weight - silent pallbearer - they carry they mother 's casket to the bus . 135 136 137 138 139 140 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 104 . ext . cemetery parking lot . night . 135 Steve pull out of the cemetery parking lot . ext . highway . night . 136 Steve drive through the night . int . steve - moving . day . 137 everyone be awake as the bus travel down the freeway . all the child surround the open casket , rest in the center of the bus , and stare at - Leslie 's lifeless face , so white it 's almost translucent . they place flower in she hair , on she chest , around she neck . int . steve - moving . day . 138 Inside the small bathroom on the bus , bo switch on the hair clipper . he slowly run it across he scalp , lopping off he long hair . he stare at himself in the mirror , he head now buzze . int . steve - moving . day . 139 bo come out of the bathroom . the kid look at they brother , but say nothing . int . steve - moving . night . 140 Ben drive through the night . he look in the rearview mirror . all the kid , apart from bo , be now finally asleep . bo and Ben look at each other . Ben rub he chin . no hair . bo rub the top of this head . no hair . bo smile at he dad and Ben smile back . 141 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 104a . ext . beach cliff . morning . 141 Steve be park on a cliff overlook the Pacific Ocean as dawn break over the horizon . this early , the sky be a electric blue ; the cloud , striation of yellow and orange . ( continued ) 141 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 105 . continued : 141 Leslie 's body , tightly wrap in a clean white sheet , lie on top of about a cord of dry firewood and newspaper , create a massive funeral pyre . Ben nod at nai . as each kid approach the pyre , they place a memento on they mother 's body : note , flower , etc . nail mommy . I love you . I love you hair . I love you smell . I love you face . I love you belly button . I love you sparkly shirt . I love how you cook . I think ... that 's about it . Ben nod at Zaja . zaja you will always be my mommy . and I will never forget you and I will remember you every second of every day of my life . and when you burn up , only calcium , potassium , magnesium and trace element compound will remain . and as you ash mix with water and decompose plant , you will be carbonate and oxide . you will be liming agent , raise pH , and neutralize acid in the earth and you will make the soil happy . so thing can grow . and I love you forever . Ben nod at vespyr and kielyr . they step forward , read from a piece of paper . kielyr " I think again over my small adventure . my fear . that small one that seem so big . for all the vital thing . I have to get and reach . '' vespyr '' and yet there be only one great thing . the only thing . to live to see the great day that dawns . and the light that fill the world . " Ben gesture and bo step forward . ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 105aa . 141 continued : 141 bodevan I have you as my mom . for 18 year . I hope you be happy now . I hope you be laugh . we be go to be okay . ( more ) ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 105a . 141 continued : 141 bodevan ( cont 'd ) as a family . everything 's go to be okay . oh . and I sort of get into a bunch of college . Ben step forward . ( continued ) 141 142 143 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 106 . continued : 141 BEN hey , slug . it 's I . I be sorry . that I do not know what to do . I be sorry if I make thing worse . you be my best friend . Ben smile at rellian . rellian light a wooden match and pass light match to the kid . together , all the child reach up and light the pyre . the newspaper and kindling catch , pop and crackle , engulf Leslie 's body in flame . rellian this be Mom 's favorite song . rellian nod at kielyr , who sing '' sweet child of mine , '' by gun ' N rose . after the first verse , bo join on guitar , then rell , on he cajon , then vespyr harmonize , then Zaja play she tambourine and nai come in with he harmonica . as the music build - black smoke billow above they all - and now everyone , include Ben , be dance and rock out , sing and cry and laugh . and it 's a party . int . seattle INTERNATIONAL airport . day . 142 Ben and the kid ride the people - mover down the terminal . int . bathroom . seattle INTERNATIONAL airport . day . 143 the entire family - Ben , bo , rellian , vespyr and kielyr , Zaja , and nai - be crowded into a small toilet stall . Ben pull a paper bag out of he backpack . he open it wide enough for the ash inside to be visible . then he pour . they all stare at Leslie 's ash in the toilet bowl . ( continued ) 143 144 continued : GREEN there be a moment of silence . and then , they all just start laugh . nail bye , mommy . and nai flush the toilet . int . seattle INTERNATIONAL airport . day . at the ticket gate , all the kid hug bo. bo shrug . nail why be you go to the Philippines ? bodevan I just put my finger on a map . zaja the Moro Islamic Liberation Front kidnap a american last year . BEN he will be fine . zaja " Cause if they kidnap you ... she look at Ben and then stop . zaja ( cont 'd ) forget it . BEN go ahead . say it . you know you want to . zaja if they kidnap you , you could die . bodevan then I better watch out for they . Ben hug he son tightly . BEN when you have sex with a woman , be gentle and listen to she . ( more ) ( 9.2.2014 ) 107 . 143 144 ( continued ) GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 108 . 144 continued : 144 BEN ( cont 'd ) treat she with respect and dignity , even if you do not love she . bodevan I know . BEN always tell the truth . and always take the high road . bodevan I know . BEN live each day like it could be you last . you drink it in , be adventurous , be bold , but savor it - it go fast . bodevan I know . Ben stare at he son . BEN do not die . bodevan I will not . Ben nod . then he and the kid walk away . after a moment , nai run back and hug he brother 's knee . bodevan ( cont 'd ) power to the people . nail stick it to the man . nai run back and join he family on the people- mover . 145 ext . gas station convenience store . WASHINGTON . day . 145 at a roadside gas station payphone , rellian speak to Jack , who sit in he home office . rellian it 's what I want . it 's what we all want . swear you will not try to stop he . ( continued ) 145 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 109 . continued : jack I will not stop he . rell nod . jack ( cont 'd ) put you dad on the phone , will you ? 145 rellian hold out the phone for Ben , just now come out of the store , and Ben take the receiver . jack ( cont 'd ) I do not know if I can ever forgive you for what you have do with Leslie . Ben nod . jack ( cont 'd ) have say that . I promise to honor rellian 's wish . and I will . BEN thank you . jack be you plan on hide from we now ? BEN that be not the plan , no . jack Abby and I ... we would like to see the kid more . what would you say to Thanksgiving ? BEN we will see you in November . jack okay . BEN okay . Ben hang up the receiver as the other kid come out of the gas station convenience store , carry some fruit . BEN ( cont 'd ) you hungry ? ( continued ) 145 146 147 148 149 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 110-111 . continued : 145 rellian okay . Ben hand he a apple and they all walk back to Steve . black . ext . dirt road . morning . 146 a yellow school bus , pass through farm land in western Oregon , kick up dust on a dirt road . ext . yard . day . 147 vespyr and kielyr run through a large vegetable garden - in raise - bed , line of lettuce , broccoli , cabbage , kale , and swiss chard be neatly organize in perfectly - space row . they run toward Steve - propped up and without wheel - sit at the edge of the garden . int . steve . day . 148 the interior of Steve have be completely gut and transformed into a gigantic chicken coop . dozen of chicken cluck when vespyr and kielyr enter the bus . vespyr hey , guy . the girl pour feed into 12 - gallon , galvanize steel poultry feeder . int . kitchen . day . 149 vespyr and kielyr walk into the kitchen of a funky house : the furniture appear second hand , the wall be all paint different color , kid 's drawing cover the wall . the place be also cluttere with string and tape , hang find object create bizarre sculpture ; bicycle , skateboard , musical instrument , and toy cover every surface . vespyr we have to buy more feed . ( continued ) 149 GREEN ( 9.2.2014 ) 111 . continued : 149 kielyr we only have enough for another two day or so . the twin pass Ben and sit at the breakfast room table . they fix themselves bowl of cereal and immediately fall into read they book . BEN you both finish the " Madame bovary " book report ? kielyr plus Mr. grant let we do " the tin drum " for extra credit . vespyr that shit be intense . now rell , Zaja , and nai come in , each carry a basket of freshly pick vegetable : broccoli , mesclun , romaine lettuce , peas , green bean , and squash . BEN Bus be here in 10 . they put the vegetable basket on the counter - next to the they school backpack - and sit down to eat breakfast . they also all read or work on they homework . Ben take the lunch he 's make for he five kid - peanut butter and jelly sandwich and apple - and place they into paper bag . he set they out on the counter , each bag identify with they name . he stare at the lunch bag for a moment . then he break some broccoli into stalk and place a piece in each bag . Ben sit down next to he kid , watch they eat . without look up from he book , rellian pour cereal and milk into a bowl and pass it over to he dad . Ben smile . and then - for a extend period of time - they all just continue to eat in silence . the end .