Super Dark Times written by Ben Collins & luke piotrowski October 17 , 2015 ext . wood - dawn a deer stand by the treeline on the edge of a field . the Deer look up , freeze , stare at something off screen , then suddenly it take off , run full speed , bound across the land out into a clear up ahead . ext . soccer field - moment later the Deer be run on the neatly trim grass . up ahead a school build be visible . ext . high school the rise sun reflect on the window . they be large , practically floor to ceiling . the deer bombing across the field , get closer to the school . it 's hoof kick up mud . it 's eye black and emotionless . eventually it connect with the window its face smash into the glass . we see it in slow motion . the window explode around the deer , glass shard float in the air ; blood tear off the deer 's body and mixing with the hover glass . int . high school - later several static shot of the aftermath . the shattered classroom window ; in the hallway , blood spatter and smear across the pristine white tile ; a trail show the path the wounded animal take , lead to : int . cafeteria the Deer have collapse in the middle of the room , exhaust , bleed out . a huddle brown lump gasp for air . a janitor enter and pause at the sight of it . he drop the mop and run down the hallway . CUT to : 6 int . cafeteria - morning faculty member crowd around the scene , whisper , shocked , disgust , sad . two police officer make they way through . the deer kick and squirm with what little life it have leave . the officer look down at the poor creature , then around at the student lining the wall . one Officer look at the other and silently kneel down by the die animal . he gently take its head in he hand . while he hold it still , the other Officer raise he boot , bring it down hard on the animal 's neck . it take two stomp to do the job , but the deer stop move , its neck break . he get closer , make sure the animal have stop breathe , and stand . he give it a gentle kick . the student stare , some even cry . title card : super dark time fade in : a colorful pixelated image move , undulate , totally abstract . color shifting , bath in static . uncomfortably close to a tv screen just a indecipherable mess of color and static until suddenly out of the blur and fuzz a_person can be see , but then it 's go again , flicker back and forth like a magic- eye painting . the image suddenly clear again . a topless woman here then go . the volume be raise on the tv and little stab of music cut through the white noise , funky porno bass accompany by moan . scrambled tv porn . it go on a bit longer . almost like video art . from nearby , we hear the voice of two teenage boy ee of * * josh ( 0.s. ) would you ? zach ( 0.s. ) I think so . CUT to : a yearbook photo of a girl she 's probably pretty . hard to tell with that awkward school photo smile . josh yeah , I would too . they flip to a photo of another girl . blonde hair . brace . zach I do not know , probably . josh meh , blonde . zach I see . another girl , unquestionably attractive . both yes ! a yearbook photo of a woman . a teacher . the name underneath read ' Mrs. hunt . 's zach ohh , yes . twice . if she have let I . one last photo . cute girl , terrible picture : mouth half open , clearly not ready for the camera to snap . int . tv room - afternoon the scramble porn play on tv while the two boy sit on the couch flipping through they 8th grade yearbook . they be zach and josh . both 14 and try too hard : Zach with he short sleeve shirt and tie . josh with he blue hoodie and elvis costello glass . Zach 's finger be still on the photo . zach allison banister . josh answer instantly . josh obviously yes . any time , anywhere . zach really ? anywhere ? like any where ? josh Son , I have do that shit for the talent show if that 's what it take . onstage in front of everyone : fuck. yes . you would not ? Zach be reluctant to answer after josh 's declaration . zach she 's cool . we have know she since , elementary . I mean , I like she . josh I too . zach we just actually know she . she and I hang out sometimes in English so ... feel weird talk about she . a awkward pause between they . clearly they be both into she . josh change the subject . josh uh-huh . get any drink ? zach caffeine free Coke . josh well then ... int . kitchen - afternoon Zach and josh be slip on they jacket and boot . josh man , I hate the fuck winter . it 's such a schlep to do anything . * 10 zach yeah , but the snow be pretty . josh ( laugh ) it 's pretty ? Zach shrug off josh 's continue laughter and call out to he mother . zach Mom ! ... mom ! we be go out for a few minute ! they head out through the door that lead into the garage . Zach 's mother , karen , belatedly answer , shouting back from wherever she be . karen ( 0.s. ) what ? but there 's no one to hear . ext . road - afternoon 9 the boy pedal through the wintry landscape : tree and park and subdivision . it 's lovely . mythic , in a way . ext . gas station - afternoon 10 two pump and a convenience store . stand outside the store be two more boy : daryl , messy in appearance ; kind of a dipshit . and a young , sharp - eye kid name charlie . Zach and josh talk quietly as they approach . josh oh , shit . be that daryl ? zach leave he alone . daryl and Charlie be already approach . daryl ' sup , cockbiter ?! * josh ( already sick of he ) great . daryl rush they and put up he duke like a old timey boxer . Zach respond in kind and they circle each other horsing around . josh wave at Charlie , size he up . awkward introduction . josh hey , I be josh charlie hey . josh you do not go to we school . charlie nope. callaway Middle . go cougar ! Charlie 's a master of deadpan sarcasm . josh laugh a little . Zach break from daryl 's affectionate headlock and chime in . zach he 's Carol 's little brother . josh oh , okay ! right . zach Carol sharp . josh I know who Carol be . daryl everyone know tig ! he pantomime a set of large breast . charlie come on , man . daryl tig bitty sharp ! you love it . you love it ! he grab Charlie 's head and bury it in he pantomime cleavage . 11 Charlie push he off . charlie you smell like cat box . daryl man , if I have tit I would play with they constantly . zach Word . what be you guy do here ? daryl shrug hard . you be lookin’ at it . daryl you ? zach just grab drink and stuff . daryl cool. zach you want to -- daryl Nah , cause I be break as fuuuuck ! Zach hesitates before say : zach I have a couple of buck if you guy -- daryl Hell yeah ! daryl and Charlie head into the store . josh gesture to Zach , angry but silent . what the hell be you do ?! Zach signal back , innocent . what ? this guy be alright ! int . convenience store - afternoon 11 the four boy wander around , examine everything , make they selection . charlie melon soda sound gross . josh why would they make it if it be gross ? daryl they make ton of gross stuff , man . pickle be gross . josh be draw to the small section of foreign food : strange can of nectar , bag of dry fruit , etc . daryl step up beside he and snatch a bag . daryl ( cont would ) dried squid ?! Holy shit ! charlie mmm . josh somebody eat it . daryl nobody eat this . Zach suddenly grab the bag from he and heroically march to the register . the other follow . they place they selection down on the counter . zach I 'il get it . the other three wait outside while the store owner ring it all up . he 's a amusingly odd middle age guy name duke . duke hey there , my friend . zach hi. duke you guy just hang out ? zach yeah . duke what be you with this loser for ? do not you have a girlfriend ? zach ( laugh ) no. duke no girlfriend ? you have a job ? zach no. duke there 's you problem , my friend : you need more money . you look for a job ? zach not really . duke if you ever think you want one , come talk to I . I own the sandwich shop down the street . great sandwich . you want a job , you stop by . zach alright . duke alright , the total be 8.87 . 12 ext . convenience store - afternoon the dude crowd around as Zach parcel out the snack . josh thanks , Zach . zach it 's cool . Charlie start chant , maintain he deadpan demeanor . charlie squid ! squid ! squid ! Zach unveil the bag of spicy dry squid . josh I can not believe you get that . daryl I want to see you eat it . Zach theatrically pop a piece into he mouth . chews . the other stare . he keep he cool for several second ... then break . 12 13 14 10 . he grab a bottle of soda from the bag in a big ass hurry . he fumble and drop it when he try to get it open . when he finally succeed , it explode , soda fizz stream out . daryl laugh he ass off . Zach take a huge swig of the soda . josh pat he on the back . josh you okay ? Zach nod . josh give I one . he reach for the bag of squid . daryl you guy be whacked . josh chew with much less fanfare . josh it 's not terrible . charlie yeah , but it 's not skittles , either be it ? josh it 's not skittles . charlie skittles be fuck delicious . josh offer the bag to daryl . he sigh and reach for a piece . ext . road - afternoon 13 the four of they be walk through a field beside the road , josh and Zach push they bike , talk , laugh , goof around . daryl smoke a cigarette , try to look cool . they pass daryl 's house 14 a small duplex , not a dump exactly but a far cry from Zach 's house . 11 . behind the house be huge power line , run parallel to the street , long connection which probably power the whole county . zach you live off the pipeline , that 's cool . daryl yeah , I and Charlie go back here all the time . they walk through daryl 's back yard and into the pipeline it 's a huge strip of land that 's be clear of tree . this be where the county 's utility be run through : power-line overhead and water pipe bury in the ground , create a no-man 's land that stretch as far the eye can see in either direction . the guy walk out and follow along the path of the power - line overhead . tall tree surround they . the power line cut shape against the cloudy blue sky . daryl lag behind , cough between drag on he cigarette . zach what 's up with you lung , dude ? daryl nothing . I be just tired . my parent rent true lies last night and when they go to sleep I watch that strip tease on repeat . jerked off two and a half time . charlie that a record ? daryl try for three but my dick get sore , have to put some ice on it , but the tray be not fill so I settle for a piece of steak from the freezer . zach Jesus . * ee ek * * ee ek 15 12 . josh do you put the steak back in the freezer ? daryl Hell no , I cook it up , scarf that shit and pass out on the couch . the other three be stunne . daryl ( cont would ) I be fuck with you ! of course I put it back . charlie dude - daryl this be not the point of the story ! the point be : bitch be hot . like Charlie 's sister . Zach laugh . daryl ( cont would ) or Zach 's mom . Zach stop laugh . josh grin at he . daryl ( cont would ) right ?! josh he 's not wrong . further down the pipeline 15 they reach one of that huge steel - grid structure where the power- line connect . the four boy stop beneath it and stare up at the tower edifice . metal extend into the sky , the black cable on top 50 , 75 , 100 foot up ? josh so if you touch the wire at the top you have be electrocute ? charlie only if you be also touch the metal part , that 's how bird can sit up there . 13. daryl yeah , man if you be just swinging from the cable you have be fine . my uncle do it once . zach seriously ? josh sure ... daryl won a thousand buck , but break he fuckin’ leg tryin to get down . charlie I guess that even out then . daryl Hell yeah it do . slickest shit I ever see . josh I could do it . daryl be you special force ? josh no. daryl well , my uncle be , so fuck you . josh walk over and start climb the structure . after a beat they all climb on as well . four boy attempt to scale a metal tower in the middle of a open field . charlie get about five foot off the ground before look down . charlie you know what ? nope . he jump down and dust he hand off . shield he eye with a hand -visor and look back up at the other three boy still slowly climb , josh clearly in the lead . 14 . charlie be careful ! daryl Mom ? be that you down there ? charlie yeah , I want to tell you about I and you friend Charlie . daryl puss ! charlie never mind . do not be careful . daryl that 's more like she , hi mom ! daryl cackle to himself . as he do , he foot slip ona rung of the tower . he have to hold tight with he arm in order not to fall . daryl shit . this shoe have no grip . * charlie just let go , you be not that high . daryl fuckin-- daryl let himself hang and drop down to the ground . daryl fuckin shoe , no fuckin grip . charlie * we can not all be special force . Zach keeps climb but he 's still behind josh . * zach 's Pov * we see josh several foot higher than he on the tower . the sun be just behind he head , keep we blind to josh 's face and create a exquisite halo around he . josh come on , you can make it . Zach be get fatigue . and scared . * 16 17 15 . zach I do not know , man , I think I be go down . josh no , come on ! Zach squint in the sunlight , try to see josh 's face . zach I can not . josh a little more . zach sorry . josh watch as Zach climb down and jump off . for a moment he 's up on the tower alone . the three boy below be look up at he , frame against the sky . zach ( call out ) I guess you win . josh hear he but say nothing . up here he have a pretty wide view : tree and house spread out in the distance . he stare out at the town . over it . down on it . we hold on he face in the quiet for a uncomfortably long beat . ext . STREET - evening Zach and josh bike down a street past a " school zone " sign . zach let 's cut through . ext . high school parking lot - evening it 's vast and mostly empty , clearly a weekend . they take they time , slow - pedale and talk as they cross the lot . 16 17 16 . zach I feel bad for he . he be a friend of mine in third grade . not he fault he dad 's fuck poor . josh do not make he not a douchebag . you still see he at school ? zach yeah we have health together . he 's always try to talk to Cindy maple . josh the one everybody say go to the hospital because she have a freeze hotdog stick in she ? zach I guess so . maybe she 's he type . cold meat and all ... they get to the edge of the lot and continue across the grass toward the football field . as they pass the building Zach look to he leave and see the broken classroom window now patch over with cardboard , a temporary fix until the school can replace the glass . josh stop suddenly . Zach look at he , josh nod toward the bleacher up ahead . a group of older kide hang around underneath , smoke wafting out in wave . zach just keep go . we do not have to stop . josh nod . they pick up the pace , try to act casual . as they pass we get a better look : this guy be senior , some of they maybe even older . empty beer can . cigarettes . joint . one of they be young , more josh and Zach 's age , with dyed - blue hair , this be JOHN whitcomb . * * ee of ee of * * 17. he see they but say nothing . one of the older guy do , a sneering son of a bitch name chad . chad hey ! josh and Zach keep go , Zach mutter under he breath . zach shit. bad idea . just go . chad yo ! I be talk to you ! Chad 's buddy laugh . josh grit he tooth and turn , throw he arm out and shout . josh what ?! chad you see my cunt ? josh what ? zach forget it , come on . chad you see my cunt ? John whitcomb speak up , try to clarify . JOHN whitcomb dana , he girlfriend . zach Nah , we have not see anybody . we gotta get back . Chad snap and point at josh in recognition . chad josh , right ? how 's Danny do ? josh he 's fine . chad he get that " basic " training ? they break he in yet ? 18 18 . the other guy start laugh . josh be not amused . chad tell he I want to hang out when he 's back home . I be sure by then he will suck better dick than she anyway . ( clarify for he friend ) josh 's brother join the navy . josh be tremble with anger . he mumble to himself . josh it 's the marine . Chad get up and step toward they . chad what 's that ? josh be consume with rage . he will not back down , even though they be clearly outweigh and outnumber . josh it 's the fuck marine . Chad burst out laugh . his friend do likewise . chad damn right it be . he pantomime a jackrabbit hump in the air . chad you guy want to join the ' fuck marine 's ? I be recruiting tonight . Zach pull josh away . chad ( cont would ) aw , do not run away , weezer ! explosive , drunken laughter . Zach and josh mount they bike and speed off . ext . subdivision - evening 18 they walk they bike down the street . not talk much at first . eee of 19 . zach I think he really want to screw you brother . josh Danny do not do that . zach josh , I know . I just think it be funny that the dude be so commit to the idea . josh fuck John whitcomb , too . just sit there while he cool senior friend act like total asshole . what kind of dipshit put Kool - Aid in he hair ? zach John 's okay . josh he use to be . I just hate all that guy . people like that be fuck worthless . Zach nod , listen , try to figure out a way out of the conversation . he look both way down the street . he have a idea . zach yeah , I know but we be over it ... here , let 's go this way . josh why ? they walk on . zach that 's she house . he point to a cramped little two story . josh allison ? you have be to she house ? zach Nah , we use to ride the same bus back before they change the route . they both stand look at it . 20 . josh I wonder which one be she window . zach perv. josh casually extend he middle finger but keep he eye on the house . josh laugh , Zach listen , to interrupt . there be flash as josh speak . memories . fleeting image . josh she 's cool , right ? zach she 's very cool . we can leave she a note , if you want : " dear allison , I have this idea for the talent show ... '' remember he own joke . josh you remember last year when she try to open that glue bottle ? zach ( confuse ) no . josh we be work on that project . she could not get it . it have dry shut or whatever and she be just struggle . I could not take my eye off she . and then all of the sudden it go , like rupture , spurt this white glue all over she hand . not sure where this be go , but not want allison' hand cover in glue josh ( cont would ) and she just giggle and say " whoops " . zach but you could not stop think about ... Zach cup he hand to he mouth and shout . hk eh * 19 21 . zach ( cont would ) handjoob ! it echoe down the empty street . follow by startle laughter from josh . josh shut up ! we gotta go now ! zach driveway 's empty , they be not home . josh there 's other people on this street ! Zach wave dismissively , but a light suddenly go on in one of the window of allison 's house . zach shit ! josh pedal like a maniac down the street . Zach frantically try to catch up . they round a corner , completely out of breath , but safely out of sight . they pant and cough and laugh madly . infectiously . tear sting they eye . int . kitchen - night 19 Zach 's mother , karen , cook dinner . she 's in she late 30 , do she best run the household on she own , succeed for the most part with affable grace . she turn briefly when the boy come in behind she . karen josh , be you stay for dinner ? josh no , mar ’am , I be just grab my stuff . karen great ! I do not make enough . josh my parent have be want I home more at night . Mom get depressed if I be not . karen aw ! * 20 22 . zach he 's joke , mom . josh see ya , Zach . Mrs. Taylor . zach later . he 's go . zach ( cont would ) what be we have ? karen cube steak . oh ! you , sir , get a telephone call ... she raise she eyebrow and look at he . zach okay ... why be you be weird ? karen it be a girl . allison something . she leave a number . he head upstairs , snagging the post - it with the number off the downstairs phone . karen ( cont would ) ten minute till dinner ! int . zach 's room - night 20 he punch the number in on a white cordless phone . he linger over that last digit ... should he or should not he ? fuck it . he press the button . as he wait for it to ring , he loosen he tie and carefully put in on a hanger with a half dozen other pre - tied neckties . clearly it 's part of he ' look 's ... but he do not know how to tie they himself . the phone ring and ring . a male voice answer . voice hello ? zach hi . be , uhm , be allison there ? 23 . voice nope . muffled speak in the background , a second voice . a girl . allison ( 0.s. ) who be it ? give I it ! jerkoff ! Zach listen nervously as the phone be hand over . he start to pace , walk circle around the room . allison ( 0.s. ) who 's this ? zach this be Zach . allison oh , Zach ! hi ! sorry , my brother ... zach it 's cool . do ... you call I ? allison I do ! sorry , I still have you number from that thing we do in Mrs. Moore 's class , with the planet . remember ? the Mars thing we do . ( sing ) '' you have be dead on the planet that 's red with a atmosphere of mostly ... carbon dioxide ! '' zach yeah , I remember . allison I hope you do not mind - zach no way . allison cool . zach cool . allison so , the reason I be call - can you hang on a second ? she must have she hand over the phone . it muffle she voice , but do not completely block it out . 24 . allison ( cont would ) get the fuck out ! I be on the phone ! I * mean it ! * that same male voice can be hear , shouting something in reply . there 's bang , footstep , a slamm door , dog bark . then she 's back as if nothing happen . * allison hey , sorry . Zach ? zach uh huh . allison the reason I be call : I be have kind of a birthday party thing . it 's really more of a hang out , you do not have to bring present or anything , but it 's at my friend Rebecca 's house , Rebecca burton , she 's in we * English class ... really cool . we be * just gonna watch some horror movie and stuff but I think that you and josh should come . you still hang out with josh templeton , right ? * zach yeah , he just leave . it 's funny , we * be actually talk about you . * allison you be ? what do you say ? zach uh. all good stuff . allison ha . you guy make up that handshake in 7th grade ! oh god , that use to make I pee ! zach do you want he number ? allison from laugh . zach - yeah . do you want he number ? 21 22 25 . allison Nah , you can tell he . I have be call people all day . zach okay , yeah , no , you should really call he yourself . I do not know if I will see he . allison no rush . it 's not until the 22nd . zach totally . I think we both - allison cool . it will be fun . I have not see josh in forever . I be on a team last year . we have no class together . zach I know . click . someone 's pick up another phone in she house . that male voice , crisp and clear . voice get off the goddamn phone ! Zach panic and hang up . he immediately regret it . he stare at the receiver , wait for she to call back . she do not . ext . high school - morning we soar over the street towards the school . classic . idyllic . int . hallway - high school Zach be at he locker , put book away and grab he lunch bag . a guy and girl make out heavily at a locker next to he . someone shout from the crowd . a teacher . teacher allison ! Zach turn . there she be . 21 22 26 . allison bannister she look much better in person than she do in she yearbook photo . Zach watch she talk with the teacher , slowly put she hair into a pony tail . after a moment josh walk up to he . josh hey . zach hey . josh unsling he backpack . it 's a struggle . the thing be huge ! stuff with textbooks . zach dude , use you locker . josh I can not remember the combination . what be you look at ? zach put some in my locker then . or ask in the office . josh it 's fine . I do not care . here 's that stuff for math . he remove a paper and hand it to Zach . zach what stuff ? josh Mrs. Louis . zach shit , I forget ! josh I remember this morning . you can copy during lunch . zach cool . they start off down the hall together , force they way through the stream of people . Zach glance back . allison be go . 23 27 . daryl sneak up behind they . he reach out and flick the back of josh 's ear . josh ow ! Dick . daryl you guy hang out again after school ? josh maybe . we 'il see . daryl I can ride over , meet up with you . a big kid , a senior , walk right into daryl . senior watch it , you piece of shit ! daryl be instantly submissive . daryl sorry . the guy walk away . daryl ( cont would ) guy fuck run into I . you see that ? he shout once he think the senior be out of earshot . daryl faggot ! the senior turn around and charge at he . Zach and josh watch the chaos erupt as the senior throw a fist into the side of daryl 's head . the crowd part for they . '' fight ! fight ! '' teachers come run out of they room . they pull the older kid off daryl and try in vain to herd the crowd of student to class . ext . courtyard - afternoon 23 there be a handful of student eat lunch outside on styrofoam trays . * * ee of 28 . Zach and josh be sit together in the grass , Zach quickly copying down josh 's math worksheet as josh laugh , remember the incident with daryl . josh it be pretty funny how that guy just pound daryl 's head . I mean I hope he 's okay . but it be funny . Zach finish up and hand the paper back to josh . zach thanks again . josh no problem . they people - watch for a minute . other table . more popular kid . one tall guy in particular catch they attention . eugene , a junior , hold court at one of the the picnic table . zach you hear about that guy ? josh what guy ? zach Eugene . that junior guy on the basketball team . there 's all this weird rumor . josh shake he head . he have not hear anything . zach ( cont would ) yeah , they say he can levitate or something . josh what , like float ? zach I guess so . josh bullshit . zach that 's what I say . but Glen nopal see it , say it 's legit . so who know . * ee of 29 . Zach go back to eat . the anecdote be over for he . josh get up Zach trail after he . but josh have josh go ask he to do zach what , go over th dude ? fuck that josh I want to see it . zach what ? josh if this guy can see it . zach then you ask he . without a word a zach josh ! zach dude , come on . already reach eugene's table it . ere and bother that noise . levitate . I want to no stalk across the courtyard . ( cont would ) ( cont would ) the older kid all turn to stare at he , stand there , tense with determination . the girl seat around he burst into cruel teenage laughter . but Eugene keep he cool . euge | what 's up , man ? josh let 's see it . ne CUT to : 30 . int . high school bathroom - afternoon 24 Zach and josh stand awkwardly . not sure what to do . eugene ten buck . josh immediately dig through he pocket . josh I have three . Zach ? zach two. eugene you good for five more tomorrow ? they nod . eugene ( cont would ) I be trust you , now . it oughtta be fifteen but you brother have the hook -up . you ever get ahold of that dank he use to sling make sure I be the first to know . how 's that for a deal ? josh do not know what he 's talk about . josh sure . deal . Eugene bump he fist and start to inspect the stall , lean down to make sure he do not see any foot . then he march past they , grab the trash can in the corner and slide it over in front of the door . zach I do not know if that 's gonna stop the door from open - josh nudge he . Eugene walk back to they and stand inch from they face , look down on they . eugene now stand right here and do not move . do not talk . keep you eye open and on I . Eugene grab they shoulder and nudge they a few inch to the leave , and then back . ee of * 25 31 . he look over he shoulder at the space behind he , align he sight with they point of view . he begin to mutter gibberish under he breath . his grip slowly loosen on they arm and he start to backpedal , eye still close . zach ( whisper ) what the hell be this ? josh ( whisper ) shh. just keep look . Eugene turn around and walk a very slow and deliberate 7 pace forward , count out each step . he slowly pivot on he heel and suddenly , he lift up . josh and Zach 's eye dart down to Eugene 's foot and sure enough , they be off the ground . josh Holy shit ! zach no fuck way . Zach grab he bag and start toward the door . josh where be you go ?! zach I see it , okay ? now I be go to class . Eugene remain hover . josh turn back to he . silent and amaze . int . high school ap history CLASS - afternoon 25 the door bust open and Zach enter , sweat . the room be fill with kid in a auditorium set . all eye on he . zach sorry , I be sorry . dr . arnold oh Zach . wonderful to grace we with you presence . Zach slump down in he seat . ee ek * 26 27 32 . zach wo not happen again sir . kid giggle . the teacher continue he lecture about something historical . he sit motionless , lose in think , only to look up directly in front of he and catch allison banister 's ponytail , bob up and down as she take note . it 's hypnotic . we hold on this for a bit . he be transfix . when suddenly she turn to he , slowly over she shoulder . her eye catch he . zach ( cont would ) hi. allison smile and silently mouth " hi " . ext . josh be house - afternoon 26 Three bike be lean up against the side of the garage . int . live room - josh 's house - afternoon 27 josh , Zach and daryl be sit on the live room couch , all stare at the tv . we can not see what 's onscreen , but that familiar will recognize the sound of true lies . josh I hear she have a dick . daryl be already vehemently shaking he head . he approach the tv , not willing to let josh take this away from he . daryl dude , do you see a dick ? josh that 's what I hear . daryl rumor , man ! do not believe everything you hear . zach that 's what I have be tell he . josh glare at Zach . he 's piss ... but not about Jamie Lee curtis . 33 . josh we see he do it ! you run off like a bitch ! daryl can sense something 's up . he do not want to be leave daryl what ? why ? josh nothing . daryl tell I ! josh ... we see Eugene Douglas levitate today . zach well , we see something . daryl you do not believe it be real ? zach I do not know . I mean , I guess it look real , but come on . daryl you come on ! I be with josh , I believe in all that fuck up black magic shit . josh thanks daryl . daryl oh man , do you guy hear what happen to Pat and derek . zach what happen to Pat and derek ? daryl you remember they be hang out with fuck what ’s-his -name , that blonde kid from callaway ? josh Ryan . * ee of ee of 34 . daryl yes. Fucking Ryan . I always wonder why they hang with this little piece - of- shit blonde kid . do you guy know that Ryan be like super rich ? zach he be ? daryl yeah , I mean like he parent have so much money he just tell they how much he need and they give it to he . so Pat and derek have this idea that they would convince he to buy a shit ton of weed from some friend of theirs , right ? Zach and josh look away from the tv to hear the story . daryl ( cont would ) we be talk mad money , like five hundred dollar . josh pause the movie . josh 500 dollar in cash ? daryl yeah . so he get it and he go to meet this '' friend of Pat and derek '' and some dude show up in ski mask ... and it 's fuck Pat and derek . but then hey pull a gun and be like '' give we the money '' and he think they be joke , cause obviously it 's just they . he 's like '' come on derek '' or whatever , and the dude fuck pistol - whip he . zach what ? josh like when you hit someone with a gun . zach I know . they pistol - whipped Ryan ? eee of * * hk eh 35 . daryl take he money and book . of course Ryan eventually go to he parent , cry , tell they the whole thing and now that fuck guy be probably go to juvie . zach wow . daryl this all go down in the pipeline right where we be kick it yesterday . josh right behind you house ... daryl no doubt . eee of * * ee of * 28 int . kitchen - afternoon 28 they be sit around on the countertop , have recently raid the family fridge . daryl where be you folk ? josh they both work and my little brother have all this , like , lesson and stuff , so no one be usually here until around five or six . zach josh 's little brother be like a prodigy or something . josh yeah I guess so . daryl I think you have a older brother . josh I do . Danny 's in the marine . daryl his shit still here ? 29 36 . josh his shit ? Zach nod , play along . zach you know , he shit ! josh I guess ... int . danny 's room - afternoon the three of they linger in the doorway . josh take you shoe off . daryl what ? lame . zach chill out , daryl . josh my mom x11 know . daryl who care ? josh she do . daryl alright , fine . they leave they shoe in the hall and slip into the room . there 's a aura about the place . everything seem to have be keep exactly as it be when Danny leave . it 's full of classic cool older brother shit : poster of hot girl , stack of anime dvd and comic book , souvenir from the Renaissance Festival , a water bed . the boy wander around , snooping . Zach find a pair of nunchuck and swing they around without grace or skill . daryl run he finger through a bowl full of pocket change and unearth a plastic bag fill with weed . 29 daryl no way . can I have some ? josh no , you can not have some . daryl i’1l buy it off you . no ! josh daryl seriously , you should sell it . this be easily a hundred buck worth . more , maybe . josh look questioningly at Zach . be this true ? I guess . zach josh do pot go bad ? I do not daryl think so . josh then he 'il probably be look for it when he get back . I mean , daryl it might . I do not know ! Zach laugh , still twirling the nunchuck . josh snatch bag and prepare to put it back in its hide place . please , daryl dude ! ple ase , like a pinch ! let I get one pinch ! why ? josh daryl soften . he 's plead , daryl now . sincere . I have never do it before . have you ? no . josh 37 . the 38 . daryl you ? zach once . back in Colorado . daryl be it awesome ? Zach shrug . daryl he will not know . not enough for he to know . how long 's he be go ? josh a year . he 's get eight year of active duty , but maybe next Christmas ... daryl he can not even smoke weed while he 's a marine , this be not Vietnam . they will kick he ass out . josh bury the baggy in change once more . josh I 'il think about it . daryl you x11 think about it . josh that 's what I say . Zach swoops in to keep the peace . he swing the nunchuck . zach we should get a watermelon . this thing be pretty badass . daryl lemme see . daryl eye the change bowl once more before fully engage with the nunchuck . josh hesitates . he have something to say but can not decide if he should say it . josh he 's get something better than that . josh walk over to the closet and open it . 39 . a samurai sword sit , rest on hook mount on the wall . the sword be beautiful and ominous . allure . the boy stare . zach how do I forget about that ? josh no one 's touch it since he leave . daryl how sharp be it ? josh it 's not bamboo grade . so not like a real real sword , but it 's get a edge to it . better than a display thing . we use to slash milk carton with it . daryl so ... can we , like , do that ? 30 ext . road - afternoon 30 the three boy be riding down the road , plastic grocery bag hang from they handlebar . milk carton . they swerve around one another , laugh , joke . suddenly , daryl stop . daryl give I the sword . zach what ? he point down the street on the sidewalk ahead of they . charlie be a few yard ahead , walk the same direction , he back to they . unsuspect . zach what be you gonna do ? daryl just say hi . 31 40 . Zach hand the sword over . daryl dismount . josh be careful , man . but daryl 's already racing forward , sidestepping like a ninja , hurry up behind Charlie . when he get fairly close , he shout and raise the sword ! Charlie spin and scream , fall over . daryl love it . charlie what the hell ? daryl check it out ! he brandish the sword . charlie where have you get that ? daryl it 's he brother 's . Zach and josh have arrive . charlie what be you guy do ? CUT to : ext . field - afternoon 31 a milk jug - soar through the air against a blue sky in ultra slow motion . whack ! the sword swing in and slice it clean in two , water fly everywhere . josh 's expression be one of ecstacy as water cascade down on he in ultra slow motion . the four boy cheer and laugh - ultra slow motion . zach let Charlie go . josh hand the sword to he . daryl be sit a few foot away , empty the tobacco from the end of a cigarette . he pull the bag of weed from he pocket , pinch off a bit and stuff it in . 41 . zach turn and see what he 's up to . they lock eye a * moment , daryl freeze . but Zach look away . he will not rat he out . daryl finish * and light up . puffs. cough . laugh at he own cough . Charlie and josh be still goof around with the sword , set another jug up on a the old fence post they have find . daryl cough again . Charlie look over . * charlie you alright over there ? daryl what ? zach * forget it , Charlie . but now josh be pay attention , too . charlie what be that ?? * daryl a cigarette . josh be suspicious josh yeah ? daryl try to ignore the whole thing . daryl alright . my turn . let I see the sword . but josh be piss . he storm over . josh daryl , what the fuck ? * daryl give I the sword . he snatch the sword from josh 's hand . josh do you take the weed from my brother 's room ? 42 . daryl it 's a cigarette ! okay ? it 's a fuck cigarette . josh look to Zach for confirmation . none be forthcoming , so he look to Charlie . Charlie glance at daryl . charlie that 's what it look like . josh be not buy it . he can tell they be try to avoid a confrontation . josh bull . give it to I . daryl my cigarette ? what be you gonna do with it ? josh daryl ! daryl come get it ! he try to make a game out of it , wave the sword around . josh I be not kid . zach daryl . daryl what ? zach if you take the bag just give it back to he . daryl sigh , angry at Zach 's betrayal . he start off , sword in hand . zach daryl , come on . Zach grab he shoulder . daryl spin around , lift the sword . zach ( cont would ) shit ! angry , he bat the sword away . zach ( cont would ) what the hell ? daryl shake he head , distraught . daryl fuck you guy . he flick he joint / cigarette at Zach 's face , stick the sword into the ground and storm off . Charlie be clearly uncomfortable , not want to take side . josh asshole . zach just leave he alone for minute . he will calm down . josh call after he . josh you steal anything else from my family ? daryl ignore he . josh how would you like it if I go to you house and take shit from you ? oh that 's right , you do not have anything because you live in a fuck duplex . 43 . daryl turn around and take a few step toward the group . daryl hey Zach , thanks for invite I out . too bad you boyfriend 's on the rag . make sure to slap he around a little bit tonight , keep he in line . charlie okay , everybody just shut up . zach this be stupid , give I the bag . daryl pull the bag of weed from he jacket and hand it over . Zach stoops to pick up the samurai sword . he turn they both over to josh . * 44 . zach here 's you stuff back . josh thanks . charlie guess we should call it a day . Zach shake he head at josh and they all start to head back * to the road . Charlie wince at daryl , try to cheer he up . jeez , that * be nut . it do not work . daryl turn away from he , he 's * angry , embarrassed . they walk in silence for a moment , head out of the field . suddenly , daryl take a swing at the back of josh 's head . bam ! charlie stop ! but daryl 's on he , swinging like crazy . piss . Charlie and Zach look at one another , each expect the other to step in and stop they . josh and daryl wrestle in the grass . Charlie try to laugh * at the ridiculousness of the situation as he shout at they . charlie ( cont would ) * okay ! stop it , guy ! * and then there 's a scream . no. scream . from both of they . * one of pain . the other of horror . Zach kneel beside the struggle pair . blood * in the grass ( or snow ) . everywhere . * the sword * be embed in daryl 's neck . Charlie finally lose he cool . * completely . he shriek . charlie ( cont would ) oh my god , oh my god ! Zach be horrify . 45 . zach Jesus , josh ! josh I do not ! he fall ! daryl gasp for air . try to speak . he can not . it have be so much better if he do not try , if he do not gurgle . zach oh god , what do we do ? josh take it out ! take it out ! charlie no ! but it 's too late . Zach 's already remove the sword and toss it aside . gush ! a spray of crimson into the dirt . charlie you 're supposed to leave it in ! Charlie 's lose it . his adolescent voice be crack . he lunge at Zach . swat at he . Zach shove he back and Charlie go sprawling on he ass . daryl crawl away , hand over the gape hole in he throat . he get to he foot , look down at himself , at the blood . he take off run further into the wood . Charlie stand , dumbfounded , call after he . charlie ( cont would ) daryl ! but daryl be run on pure instinct . he have no idea what to do , where to go . he 's just run across the field burble as he go . josh and Zach race after he . Calling for he to slow down . 32 46 . he can barely hear . the beat of he heart and the heaviness of he breath be the only sound that reach he . he enter the surround forest his eye be close . a sprinter at the finish line . his foot hit the ground at a odd angle . it twist underneath he , send he sprawling forward and tumble into a ditch . josh and Zach arrive , out of breath , shiver with adrenaline . they look down into the ditch it 's a six or seven foot drop to the bottom . that 's where daryl be lie , face down . his ankle be twisted gruesomely . he be not move . the guy be completely at a loss . josh be he -- zach I do not know . we need to check on he . do you know how to check for a pulse ? josh his neck or he wrist , right ? stalemate . neither want to do it . Zach stare at josh . josh it be a accident . zach I know . Zach look around and size up the best way to climb down . he slowly make he way to daryl and kneel beside he head . he reach out , try to avoid the wound . the blood . he press he finger to daryl 's neck . he concentrate but it 's hard to tell . zach daryl ? 32 * 47 . he shake he . zach ( cont would ) daryl ? daryl , can you hear I ? be you awake , man ? Zach bite he lip and do the thing he really do not want to do : he put he hand on either side of daryl 's head and lift it up from the ground . Zach kneel lower to the ground and look at daryl 's face his mouth hang open and he eye be blank . with the head lift Zach can see the blood continue to issue from daryl 's neck . josh be he ... Zach be startle to realize josh be kneel behind he . zach I do not know . I can not tell . you check . Zach get up and move away from the scene , after hesitate a moment he vomit on the ground . drop to he kneel with the intensity of it . when he finish he look up . josh be still kneel over daryl . zach what do you think ? josh he 's dead . the two boy stand in silence for a moment . josh seem stunne . no clear emotion on he face . he seem small , helpless . zach look at he friend with sympathy . this be a fuck - up problem but he can at least try to help . he think for a sustained , silent moment . josh ( cont would ) Zach . what do we do ? 33 zach okay , we need to leave . Zach walk over and pick up a pile of dead leave and du they on top of daryl 's body . josh what be you do ? zach cover he up . come on , help I . josh be you sure - zach I do not know , it 's something . zach where 's Charlie ? josh shit . I do not know . zach he take off . josh he 'il tell ! we have gotta find he . zach how ? do you know where he life ? his phone number ? he will not tell . he 's not stupid . josh he might try and get help . ... maybe we should get help . Zach continue bury the body with leave . charlie ( 0.s. ) we should hide this too . Zach and josh turn to see Charlie stand at the edge of the ditch , clutching the bloody sword . ext . forest - afternoon in another part of the wood , the boy walk together slowly , look for a hide place . 48 . imp 33 * 34 35 49 . zach over there . he 's point at a tree with a empty hollow in it . Zach remove he sweatshirt and wipe down the sword with it . then he wedge the sword into the hollow . it 's still visible . he wedge he sweatshirt in over it , then grab a handful of wet pine straw and leave . he cram it in , camouflage it . ext . field - evening 34 they wander through the tall grass back to the road . and see four bike park at the edge of the field . josh 's , Zach 's , Charlie 's ... and daryl 's . Charlie look at the two boy . without another word he get he bike and ride off . zach I will take care of it . josh be you sure ? zach it 's fine , I 'il move it somewhere . it 'il be dark soon and we should not both get home late . josh mount he bike . he reach out and touch Zach 's shoulder . it do not seem like enough . he grip it . pat he , hard . josh thank you . they make eye contact . and then josh be go . Zach be alone . he take daryl 's bike and ride it up the road 35 a little way until he see a pasture with horse off to one side . he go to park the bike against the fence - then think for a second and throw it over , obscure it in the tall grass . 36 37 38 50 . ext . hilly road - evening 36 the sun have just set and the light be disappear fast . Zach be the only thing on this road . he pump as hard as he can , climb a hill , reach the top of it , then beginning he roller coaster - like decent . only instead of stand up or let the bike just roll , Zach pedal even harder on the incredibly steep downhill slide . he pump faster and faster , the bike wobble under the strain of the speed . the wind be blow on he face and he close he eye squeeze tear down he face , pump harder than ever until , finally , at the bottom of the hill , he lose control of the bike and tumble down onto the asphalt . he hit the ground hard and continue to roll and scrape himself for several more foot . he land on he back and lie there in the fade light stare up at the sky the star be just beginning to be visible and the moon in full . ext . zach be house - evening 37 Zach walk he wreck bike up to the garage . int . kitchen - moment later 38 Zach slip in from the garage . he 's beat up from he fall , exhaust from everything else . he walk straight to the tap and downs a huge glass of water . he do not notice ... allison be sit behind he , watch he with nervous curiosity . he fill the glass again . halfway through it , he see she and jump , startle . surprise quickly turn to confusion . what the hell be she do here ? she wave , a little embarrassed . 51 . allison you mom ... I just stop by , she say you have be back . she go to get come coke out of the closet . he just stand there , panting . zach oh ... I be on my bike . she notice he bloody elbow . allison oh god , be you okay ? Karen walk in with a case of soda under she arm . karen it 's caffeine free , I hope ... ah , see ! there he be . she smirk at he knowingly . then notice he wound . karen you be bleed . zach it 's fine . karen what happen ? zach I fall . on my bike ... she lift he arm to examine it and wince , hiss through she tooth . karen that look nasty . you should clean it . zach I will . there 's a awkward beat . allison be realize that come here be not such a great idea . Zach be still space out . Karen have to step in . karen Zach 's room be upstairs . 52 . Zach nod in allison 's direction and head up . she follow , uncertain . she glance at Karen for support . Karen give she a nod and wave . he 's always like this . int . upstair hallway / zach 's room - evening allison start babbling behind he . allison I be just walk and I pass by ... I guess I should have call first but I do not realize I would be near you house until I see it and say " oh that 's Zach 's house , maybe I should stop and yell ' handjob 's at the top of my lung . '' Zach glance back at she . she nod , eyebrow raise . Zach take a breath and stop by the upstairs bathroom to grab a wad of toilet paper . he use it stop the flow of blood from he elbow . allison she 's right . you should clean that . zach I will . just for now . she nod and follow he into he room . he sit on the bed , clearly distract . there 's no place for she to sit . allison ».. you want I to go ? he do not answer . he 's try and fail to hold everything in . zach I be sorry . I - she 's suddenly , surprisingly earnest . allison do not apologize . she move to the doorway , out of he line of sight . he bury he face in he hand , rub the temple . the door creak shut . click . as soon as he hear it , he let loose . a big , weird wail . a gasp for air . not tear or sob exactly . 40 53 . just a exhalation of emotion . he shudder as it leave he . then he sit back . and see ... allison be still there . she do not leave , only close the door . he 's instantly startle and embarrassed . she do not say anything , just sit beside he on the bed . she put she arm around he . it 's a slightly awkward gesture of comfort , but they stay like that and the awkwardness subside . Zach rest he head on she shoulder . she run she finger through he hair and start to wipe he tear . he reach up and gently grab she hand , turn to she and bring he lip to hers . it 's barely a kiss at first , just a extension of intimacy , but it linger for a moment before he pull away . zach I be sorry . int . live room - evening 40 Karen be sit on the sofa , eat toast and read a trashy novel . she hear they come downstairs and talk quietly in the foyer . the front door open . and close . she lay she book down , listen in . there 's nothing to glean , however . just mumble goodby . eventually Zach shuffles in . karen a short visit then ? zach I be go to bed . karen it 's early . zach I be tired . probably just read or something . karen be you hungry ? zach Nah . 41 42 54 . she can tell something 's wrong but do not push he . karen okay . he go . she try to let he , but she can not . she 's up and follow . karen ( cont would ) I be clean that cut ! int . bathroom 41 Zach sit on the close lid of the toilet while Karen work around he , dabbing he cut with iodine and put band aid on they . he sit motionless , allow she to perform this motherly task . karen ouch , you might as well play football . zach yeah ... karen yeah ... fuck football . that almost get a smile from he and she 's happy enough for that . int . zach 's room - night 42 he 's fidget in bed , try to get comfortable . it 's not work . he can not sleep . he sit up and see a figure sitting on the floor in the corner of he room . he reach for he bedside lamp . but once it 's switch on he can see there 's nobody there . Zach lay back down , but he leave the bedside lamp on . eventually , he reach for he walk - man , put in a new tape and hit play . we can hear the low rumble of heavy music . 43 44 55 . ext . OPEN road - afternoon 43 see from high above : a lone rider cruise down the middle of the road . it 's Zach on he bust bike . the chain rattling against the bent gear shaft . he 's get he headphone on . exhausted . ext . middle school - afternoon 44 kid stream out of the building . running , scream , goof around . Zach be there in the throng , search frantically . ah-ha ! zach Charlie ! he flag he down . Charlie be not pleased . zach we should talk . charlie no we should not . zach josh be not at school today . charlie so go talk to he . zach I be . I be go to , I think we should get we story straight - charlie there 's no story . zach if someone ask - charlie I do not remember . I do not remember what I do last Tuesday . why would I remember what I do this Tuesday ? probably , I go home after school and stay there alone until my parent get home . like I do most weekday . zach you be right . that 's good . ee of 45 46 56 . charlie so why have you come run over here to the middle school to talk to a 8th grader you barely know ? ... if anyone ask ? shit . Zach have not think of that . he get the drift . he give Charlie a nod . charlie * we be not friend . ext . josh 's house - afternoon 45 Zach ring the doorbell . wait . nothing . he stare at down at a old doormat : fade letter that say " welcome y'all ! " * he knock on the door a few time . zach josh ? he go around the side of the house , peer in window . he linger outside josh 's bedroom . zach josh ! he pause and turn to see a neighbor lady hose off she * back porch . she 's stop what she 's do to squint suspiciously at Zach . he slouches and head back to the sidewalk and he bike . he * sigh and head home . * int . zach 's room - evening 46 Zach be pace , stare at the white cordless phone sit * on he bed when there 's a sudden knock on he door . karen ( 0.s . ) * Zach ? he throw the phone down , equal part startle and frustrated . karen ( 0.s . ) * can I come in ? zach sure. 57 . he sit on the bed . she enter and scan the room . karen do you know a boy name daryl harper ? do not you two use to play together ? zach what ? like a long time ago . why ? karen his mother call earlier . I guess he do not come home last night . have not come home yet at all . be he at school today ? zach I do not see he . I mean , I be not look . karen sure . do you remember the last time you do see he ? zach '' no. nope . karen she say something about he go to josh 's yesterday . zach huh . karen he do not ? zach no . I be with josh . karen well , I x11 tell she . zach yeah , sorry . wish I be more help , I just ... karen you get in late last night . zach I guess so . 47 48 49 50 58 . karen do not do that anymore . I be sure daryl will turn up , but ... if something happen , if someone ... I do not know . anyway . let 's try and stick around the house for the next few day , huh ? int . zach be room - night 47 the light be off . he 's stare at the ceiling glow in the dark STAR sticker . a cheerful facsimile of the one he see outside earlier . a relic of he childhood still stick to he ceiling , out of reach . he toss the cover aside and stand . int . hall bathroom - night 48 Zach quietly enter and make he way over to the cupboard . he find a bottle of nyquil , unscrew the lid and take a large swig from it . and then another . int . live room - night 49 Zach creep in and turn the tv on , keep the volume low . he set the " sleep timer " to 30 minute and lie down on the couch , flipping channel , already grow drowsy . almost drift off . int . zach 's room - morning 50 bang bang bang ! a loud rapping on the door jolt Zach up from sleep . he 's bleary eye . he dart he head around to look at he alarm clock but it 's nowhere to be find . zach yeah ! ok ! alright ! Zach reach over and peel back the blind on the window . zach 's Pov - a field shroud in fog ; no horizon to see . zach ( cont would ) what time be it ? Mom ? silence . 51 59 . zach ( cont would ) Mom ? again , no response . he sling himself out of bed . ext . hallway - morning 51 Zach exit he bedroom and walk down the hall . the silence be overwhelming . zach hey mom ? he make he way into the live room . nothing , no one . he look over he shoulder and see daryl stand in he bedroom doorway . zach ( cont would ) what the hell man ? daryl point he finger to the ceiling . something hit Zach 's hand . he raise it to he eye . blood ? one drop of blood - but from where ? he look up . a large dark red void rip through the ceiling , slowly and silently churn like a whirlpool . Zach stare up at it . then look back to he hand . he try frantically try to wipe off the blood but it 's no use , it just spread . his shirt be suddenly soak in blood , as be he hand , and arm . zach ( cont would ) no , no , no jesus - suddenly , he cant breathe , he fall to he knee and reach for he throat . a large gape hole in he neck , gush out blood . he panic and try to wipe it away . zach ( cont would ) daryl !!! he spin to find he but he 's go . he scramble and run into the bathroom , slam the door and turn to the mirror . he 's cover in blood , head to toe , drip . Zach scream , but there be no sound . the mirror crack , send he reflection into a scatter shot of anguish . 52 60 . CUT to : int . live room - night 52 zach hover above the sofa - and then fall suddenly , jolted awake from the nightmare . zach Mom ! Mom !!! he clenches he stomach , tear run down he face . footstep . light flip on . Karen rush in in she nightgown . karen what !? honey what be it !? she run to he , cradle he in she arm . karen ( cont would ) shhh . I be here sweetey , I be here . Zach struggle to get word out . zach it hurt ! in my stomach ! karen can you describe it ? tell I what it feel like . zach it hurt ! karen be it a dull pain or a sharp one ? zach sharp ! it 's sharp ! karen okay honey , I be go to go get some water , I will be right back , okay ? I will be right back , sweetheart . she run out of the room and return with a glass of water and a bottle of pepto bismol . karen ( cont would ) drink this . 61 . zach I can not ... karen you have to . now sit up . she help prop he up . he keel back over . karen ( cont would ) I know , I know , but this will make it better . now breath ... Count to eight ... that 's it . she pour some pepto bismol into the cap and bring it to he lip . she rest she hand on he forehead and slowly tilt it back . karen ( cont would ) there you go . better ? zach a little . karen be you hungry ? Zach shake he head " no " . karen ( cont would ) you have not eat anything , Zach ... that 's probably what 's wrong . zach I take some nyquil . karen or it could be that . why do you take nyquil , do you have a cold ? zach I just could not sleep . karen okay , well no more of that . you hear I ? you can not just take that willy nilly . especially on a empty stomach ... he nod . she pull down the quilt drape over the back of the couch and cover he with it . she sit beside he and rest he head in she lap , let he finally drift off to sleep . ee of * * ee ek ee of 53 54 55 56 62. int . live room - morning 53 sunlight break through the window and dance across Zach 's eye , gently rouse he awake . Karen be asleep on the love seat nearby , a book on she chest . zach mom. Mom . it 's morning , we gotta get up . she rise , startle and confuse . karen I be sorry , honey . what time be it ? Zach look at the clock on the mantel . zach it 's 7 . karen shit . shoot . shoot , okay , gotta go . you get dress , I will throw some cereal in a bowl . zach should not you get to work ? karen I will , do not worry , just get change . ext . high school - morning 54 a few straggler slip into the building . Zach lock he bike up , stare at the police car park at the curb in front . int . school - hallway - morning 55 Zach walk through the crowd of student . all around he he can hear the murmure of people talk about daryl 's disappearance . int . gym - morning 56 the entire student body be seat in the bleacher . down on the court the sheriff stand with the principle . * ee ek 57 58 59 63 . they share a microphone and talk about how anyone with information should come forward , etc . Zach scan the crowd eventually he spot allison on the opposite side of the court . he continue look but do not see josh anywhere . just a bunch of face , a bunch of people . int . classroom - health ed 57 student be work silently on a test or something . a empty desk stands out ominously in the middle of the room . Zach be seat toward the back . he look up at the desk and then back to he work . suddenly he feel a kick on he chair . he look over he shoulder to see a girl , cindy maple , fiddling with a retractable bic pen . she nod at Zach and he watch as she start to retract the pen , bring the tip up , then down , over and over , faster and faster . moan quietly as she do it . Zach keep watch , not sure what to do . a few girl nearby stifle laughter . ext . OPEN road - afternoon 58 Zach be bike alone along the side of the road but suddenly slow to stop . he look all around he and see nothing move in any direction . he be the only live thing within view . after a moment he get up and pedal off . int . bathroom - night 59 Zach stand look at himself in the mirror . he run he finger through he hair , pull it away from he face . he reach into a drawer and pull out some electric hair clipper and switch they on . but before he can get at he hair , he 's interrupt by a knock on the door . * ee of 64 . zach yeah ?! karen ( 0.s. ) I be go to the store do you need anything ? he open the door . she see the clipper in he hand and make a frown . karen ( cont ’d ) what the hell be you do ? zach nothing . karen do not be do what I think you be do . zach I be not do anything ... she just stare at he , suspect otherwise . 60 int . biology classroom - morning 60 Zach sit in class . the teacher be take role . teacher Zach Taylor ? zach here . teacher joshua templeton ? no answer . teacher ( cont would ) josh ? no? no josh ? Three day ina row ... 61 ext . josh 's house - day 61 Zach knock on the door . josh 's Mom answer , she 's a buttone - up conservative woman who 's be through a lot raise she three son . her name be joan . 62 65 . joan hi there , Zach . zach hey , be josh home ? joan he be . zach I be worried since he have not be at school . joan he have not be feel well . zach can I see he ? joan let I see if he 's feel up to it . she lead he into the foyer 62 and walk down the hall to josh 's room . she call over she shoulder . joan shoe off ! Zach step on the heel of he leave shoe , lift he foot out of it . down the hall , Joan knock on he door . joan honey ? Zach stop by . there do not seem to be a response . she shuffles back toward Zach and move past he into the kitchen . joan ( cont would ) give he a minute . she return with two can of ginger ale which she hand to Zach . he hesitates . be he suppose to go in , now ? this be weird . she gesture he forward . he stand outside josh 's bedroom door . there 's noise come from inside . video game music . 66 . zach josh ? josh yeah ? zach it 's Zach . josh ... I know . zach ... can I come in ? no response . zach josh ? josh yeah ? zach can I come in ? josh I say ' yeah 's . Zach turn the knob and enter 63 josh' room 63 josh be in the process of turn off the Super nintendo . he look rough . pajamas . greasy hair . have he even leave the room since everything happen ? zach I have not see you . I think I should ... you know ... josh Mom let I stay home . zach you tell she ?! josh what ? no . I say I do not feel good . 67 . zach oh . we should not ... like , act weird or anything , though . right ? it 's be a week . josh laugh derisively . josh okay , Zach . zach no , I mean ... just so - josh okay . Zach sigh and sit in a nearby office chair , drop the pretense . he just want to see he friend . josh remain on the floor . he start pull bit of fuzz from the carpet and roll it into a ball with he finger . zach sorry . how be you ? josh shrug . zach no shit . I be barely sleep . my heart will just speed up sometimes . all of the sudden , just ... he gesture . josh stare at the little fuzz ball he 's make , pinching it between he finger bitten down nail . zach ( cont would ) I feel like we should go back . this get josh 's attention . josh why ? zach I do not know . to check on he . to see . ... I have this dream ... josh look at he a moment before drop he eye again to focus on ee of 68. a hole in the knee of Zach 's jeans . a small hole . just the beginning of something larger . zach it 's stupid . josh do not go back there . scene of the crime . Zach nod . he 's overcome with nervous energy . zach do uh ... so do you have he stuff ? josh what ? zach daryl 's stuff ... he backpack , that video . josh it 's here . josh nod to the corner of he room . Zach walk over and start to look through it . he begin to well up . zach ok ... I guess , like , just keep it hide ? josh do not respond . zach ( cont would ) josh , do you hear I ? josh yeah . it 's here . until I decide to burn it or something . zach well , do not do that . do not do anything without talk to I first . josh whatever . Zach roll he eye and sit back down , try to ease the discomfort of the conversation . 69 . zach what game be that ? josh say nothing . zach look man , it be a fuck accident . we do not mean for anything to happen . josh silently watch he border on a meltdown . Zach clenches the arm of the office chair . he suddenly punch himself fiercely , twice , on the head . zach ( cont would ) fuck ! he get it under control . somewhat . josh wait a beat . josh so do you bring my homework ? this catch Zach off guard . they both laugh . like this little shit matter now . zach no , but ... allison bannister 's party 's tomorrow . we should probably go . josh maybe ... you know , I have not sleep , either . Zach nod . josh I probably should . Zach take the hint . he stand . zach okay . if anyone ask , we do not see Charlie or daryl that day . josh if anyone ask , we be already fuck . zach I guess ... you should come to the party . you should come back to school . ee of * * ee of 64 65 70 . josh why ? zach I do not want to be alone . Zach stand to leave . he take one last look around the room and be suddenly strike with the claustrophobia of this space , too much stuff . too many action figure , and stack of comic book , and video game cartridge spilling out of drawer . the tv seem too big for its stand . and in the middle of it all josh be sit on the floor barefoot in pajama pants . he do not look up as Zach turn and exit the room . ext . subdivision - afternoon 64 the sun be close to set . beautiful but eerie . Zach ride he bike down the street . up ahead he see another rider on a bike . zach pedal harder to catch up to he . he get within ten or fifteen foot but can not quite close the gap . but at this distance we can see the same thing that Zach can see . this look like daryl . the rider suddenly take off ! hauling ass , pedale away . zach narrow he eye and follow , determine to keep up . he chase he down street and around corner . the bike zoom . they leave the subdivision and take off onto the empty country road . eventually , the Rider turn off into a field and disappear beyond a small hill . ext . field - dusk 65 Zach stand in the middle of the field , breathe heavily . he lose he . ee of * * * 66 71 . we should recognize the place even if Zach do not seem to . this be the field outside the wood where daryl die . Zach look toward the treeline and see daryl 's bike lying on the ground . he lean in to inspect it . then he hear something ... a rustling SOUND . off in the distance . he follow the SOUND into the wood 66 of course . it 's come from the leaf-strewn ditch . Zach approach and peer down . cautious now . afraid . something 's move down there , writhe in the dead leave . he pick up a heavy rock and hurl it . crack ! he 's hit something . the writhe stop . Dead ? shit. now what ? he slink down the ditch 's earthen wall , want to see what it be . what it be . he dig through the leave , toss they aside . wait . there 's something . a leg : pale white skin . but it be not daryl 's leg . it 's a girl 's leg . bare . Zach stand . in a daze . mesmerized . he grip the leg and pull it , drag a body into view . allison half naked . underwear and undershirt . Dead and floppy . lifeless . he awkwardly drag the corpse into he lap . his breathe be rag . he 's sweaty . afraid . afraid of be catch . someone see he like this . but he 's excited too . he lean in and kiss she cold lip . after and long , horrible moment , she finally kiss back . her arm be suddenly throw around he . she 's groggy , half - conscious . but alive . he lift she , kissing fiercely , hungrily . her leg wrap around he as well . he slam she back into the wall of the ditch . 72 . his hip grind . his finger tangle themselves in she hair . they pull . she moan . it 's fast and violent and ... someone 's watch . Zach look up . josh be there , stare down without expression . bath in shadow aside from a white hot reflection in he glass . Zach do not stop . it do not faze he at all . his pants be undone . he 's writhe against she . Dead leave rustling . josh watch coldly . clinically . thump , thump , thump . allison 's head against the earthen wall . her cloud , empty eye . mrs . barron ( 0.s. ) Zach . CUT to : int . english CLASS - morning Zach lift he head from the desk . Mrs. barron have she hand on he shoulder . the student in the surround desk be all stare at he , allison include . mrs . barron stay with we , please . he 's groggy , nauseate by he dream . allison mouth to he . '' you okay ? '' he nod . not convincing . zach can I go to the bathroom ? I feel a little sick . int . restroom Zach stand in front of the sink , stare down at the stiffness in he pants and the telltale damp patch surround it . Jesus , not just a weird sex dream but a wet dream , too . he sigh and roll he eye , embarrassed . what the fuck be he suppose to do now ? he run the water , wet he hand and wipe they on he pants , try to camouflage the wet spot . fuck it . who care ? 69 73. he lean back against the wall and slump down , breathe heavily , try to collect himself . out in the hallway , the bell ring . the hustle and bustle sound of class - change pick up . another kid walk in and go to the urinal . Zach wipe he eye and start to leave . over he shoulder he can hear the other kid mock he , make fake cry sound . Zach push open the door to the hallway and do not look back . he reach out and pound on a locker door . the sound of it echoe through the hall . int . highschool cafeteria - afternoon 69 Zach sit alone with he headphone on , pick at a tray of food . a group of 5 kid , 2 guy and 3 girl , gather at the table in front of he . he give they a glance . guy 1 how much you want to bet they try and give we a curfew if this idiot do not show up soon ? guy 2 that would blow . guy 1 Little bee-otch be gonna ruin it for everybody . Zach slide the headphone off one of he ear and perk up . girl 1 do not be a dick , Paul . guy 1 I be just tell it how it be . girl 2 oh snap , I just see the craziest thing in Spanish class . you guy know josh templeton ? Zach be now fully attentive , pull he headphone off . guy 1 no. guy 2 what would he do ? * * ee of 70 74 . girl 2 call Mrs. campos the c-word ! swear to god . he come in all attitude today , totally ignore she when call on he . so she go " I do not recall you be deaf , josh " and he be all " I do not recall you be such a dumb cunt ! " the girl gasp . the guy laugh . girl 3 what do she say ?! girl 2 send he right to the office . guy 2 just now ? girl 2 yeah , right before lunch . that 's Zach 's cue . he 's go . int . front office - afternoon 70 Zach hurry in . and sit in a chair in the wait area . next to he be a goth kid who listen to loud music on he headphone . Zach sit low , hope to go unnotice by the secretary who sit behind the desk ten foot away . he crane he neck , try to see through the window of the principal 's office across the room . be josh there , on the other side ? after a moment the secretary see he . secretary can I help you ? Zach stammer to make something up . zach my mom say she be gonna call I during lunch . so I think I would just wait here for a minute to see ... she seem suspicious . hk eh 71 72 75 . secretary okay . but only until class start . Zach lean back and look again at the close door to the principal 's office ... the music from the goth kid 's headphone get louder . steady rhythmic thumping . int . rebecca 's house - party 71 Zach enter 's through the font door . there be a dozen kid around he , talk or listen to music on a boom box . he walk into the dine room 72 and find pizza box strewn around the table . he rummages through they but come up empty-hand . rebecca pizza go pretty fast . Zach be startle , he turn . rebecca hey , Zach . zach hey , becca . how be you ? rebecca I be good ! glad you show up , allison will be stoke . zach oh yeah ? rebecca yeah , silly . zach that 's cool ... Rebecca lauhg at this . rebecca right . so I pretty much barely know you . even though we have English together . ee of 73 76 . zach I know , I be sorry . I be shy I guess . rebecca do not change the fact that allison dig you . and if she dig you then how could I not ? let 's be friend , yeah ? zach sound good . they shake hand theatrically . he look over the milling crowd , have to raise he voice to be hear over the music zach I think we be just gonna watch movie . rebecca we be but then my grandpa get sick ! Zach look confuse . rebecca so my parent go to visit he in Florida . Party get a upgrade . she grin and hold up a beer . zach so uh , where 's allison ? I should say hi . rebecca you so should . she 's out back . ext . rebecca 's house - porch - night 73 Zach step out onto the porch . tiki torch , Christmas light . much quieter . a smaller group engage in conversation . allison immediately rush he , hug he . she 's a little hyper tonight . allison oh my god , you make it ! she kiss he on the cheek and embrace he again . josh hey , Zach . ee ek * * 77 . Zach 's eye widen . josh be here ! sitting in a deck chair nearby . zach hey , man ! allison oh ! you guy should do the handshake ! both Zack and josh wince a little , clearly embarrassed . zach eh . we do not . josh we do not really do that anymore . John whitcomb speak up from a few seat over . he of the kool-aid blue hair . JOHN whitcomb what handshake ? josh ignore he and pull a small , wrap packet out of he pocket . allison do you get I a present ? zach I think we be not suppose to bring present . allison what be it ? josh ( shrugging ) open it . allison excitedly do so to find a small baggie , contain some of the weed from josh 's brother 's room . allison whoa ! oh , I know how to do this , I think . let I see if becca have papers . she hurry inside . JOHN whitcomb where have you get this shit , josh ? 78 . Zach eye josh warily . josh guess I know a guy . JOHN whitcomb can you hook I up ? josh maybe . hit I up tomorrow . Zach watch this exchange with suspicion . allison follow Rebecca back onto the porch . she 's delicately hold a small piece of paper . rebecca okay , its a page from a bible but its not a important one , its the introduction or something . allison the point be it will work . I have see my brother do this a million time . allison sit and dump some of the weed onto the paper and make a messy joint . rebecca I think we have enough for two , but allison get to go twice to start because its she birthday . it take a second for allison to get the joint light . she awkwardly take a hit , then another . cough . pass to Rebecca . Zach watch josh , uncomfortable with all of this . he turn to he . zach I be gonna head out . josh see ya . clearly josh plan on stick around awhile . Zach stand . allison glance he way . he close the door on cheer and laughter . 74 79 . ext . STREET - night 74 Zach be walk fast , emotionally strung out . allison ( 0.s. ) hey ! you take off ? zach yeah , I do not know , not much of a party guy . just want to say happy birthday . allison seem genuinely bum . allison oh . zach it 's fine . I just get a lot go on right now . allison that 's why you smoke . to relax . zach but I be not into that . and neither be josh , he just bring all that to impress you , it 's fuck lame . she do not respond . she let he word hang there . he turn to she , not meeting she eye . zach I be sorry , allison . I - allison somebody 's lie . Zach be startle . zach what ? allison tilt she head to the house and smile , sway with Chris Isaac - " somebody 's crying " in the background . allison the song ... Chris Isaac . best track on the album . she move in for a kiss as he swing he head around and up . they head connect with a bang . 75 76 80 . allison ( cont would ) ah ! zach sorry ! I be sorry . she start giggle . he reach out to touch she head and suddenly instinctively kiss it where they collide . she stop giggle . he kiss she head again . then she lip . he stop . they look at one another a moment . zach I be sorry . happy birthday allison . she watch he walk off into the night . alone , he pick up speed . jogging . running through the dark . ext . track - day 75 Zach be in gym clothes run lap around the outdoor track . other student be run as well in group of three and four but Zach be keep he own company , lose in think until he see something . zach 's Pov we see the flash red and blue light of police car in the distance up on the road travel toward the school . zach watch this with no small interest . the car turn into the school parking lot and officer walk toward the building Zach continue run , go faster now , sprinting . his thought run wild in he head . int . locker room - high school 76 Zach sit on the bench in front of he locker , the energy around he be terrifying and unnerve . the other boy excitedly talk . Zach 's in a daze , barely listen . only certain word reach he and resgister . word like Dead , kill , body , cop . ee of 77 78 81 . int . classroom 77 Zach slump down at he desk , deject . philip , a kid wear a baseball cap , sit down at the desk behind he . philip dude , you hear that shit ? Zach turn around . zach huh ? philip that guy . he 's dead , they find he dead . zach who ? philip John whitcomb . the dude with the blue hair . zach wait what ? he 's dead , he die ? philip yeah , they find he this morning . zach fuck. philip I know , right ? I have algebra with he . small fuck world . everything slow down and the sound drown out . Zach 's eye widen and he mind race . he slowly reach he hand out over he desk for something , anything . ext . high school - afternoon 78 Zach be unchain he bike , prepare to head home . he glance over at the parking lot to see Eugene sit in the back of a truck , surround by a handful of other student . include chad , the threaten figure from under the bleacher . 82. 79 ext . parking lot 79 Zach hesitantly approach . zach Eugene . can I talk to you ? chad you can get you ass beat , faghole . zach I be not talk to you . oooh from the surround student . but Eugene deflate the situation , patting Chad on the back and leaping down from the bed of the truck . eugene it 's aight , I gotta dip , anyway . he hold up a CD case . eugene ( cont would ) I will get this back to you , tomorrow . Eugene head to he own car . Zach follow , dodging a plastic soda bottle throw by Chad . eugene ( cont would ) what 's up , little man ? you get my five dollar ? Eugene reach he car , toss he backpack into the rear . zach josh do not pay you ? Danny 's little brother . eugene why do you think I be ask you ? zach have you see he at all ? he do not try to sell you weed or anything ? Eugene narrow he eye , suddenly on the alert . eugene what 's that get to do with you ? zach he 's my friend . 80 83. eugene uh-huh . well ... it maybe come up . that little dude Chad hang out with , with the blue hair , rip , he have tell I be gonna get some from you friend . guess that 's off , now , huh ? Zach process this , deeply troubled by the implication . eugene ( cont would ) tell you what , when you see he , remind he that he be suppose to come straight to I with that kind - bud . and next time you see I , you better have my five dollar . or I will let Chad beat it out of you . he grin , but not maliciously , revving he engine and pull out , leave Zach stand on the blacktop alone . ext . convenience store - afternoon 80 Zach and allison be sit side by side on the curb outside , drink soda , somber . allison I walk in on he once . in the bathroom , the bus bathroom . on that field trip to the flight museum , you remember that ? zach I do not go . allison oh . well , he do not lock the door for some reason . I see everything . full whitcomb . she make a '' meh '' face . they sit for a beat in silence . zach you be friend with tig right ? she open a pack of cigarettes and light one . allison who ? zach Carol . sharp . she be at you party . ho ee oh of * eee of * 84. allison oh yeah . sorta . zach you have she number ? allison somewhere at home . I ’1l1 have to look . here . get a pen ? he dig one out of he pocket . she take he hand and write a number on he palm . zach what 's this ? allison my new number . my own line . Mom and dad 's birthday present . you will not have to deal with my brother anymore . call tonight and I 'il dig hers out for you ... if you tell I why you want it . she smile , Zach dodge the question . zach do you just buy that ? she look at the cigarette in she hand . allison be that okay ? I do not want to scare you off again . Zach seem uncomfortable . she playfully nudge he . allison I be mess with you , dummy . everyone know this guy will sell to anybody . just gotta be patient sometimes . he glance around nervously , gesture toward the road . zach it 's fine . but we should probably ... you should not smoke it right here . you will get he in trouble . she exhales and squint at Zach , casual . she do not care . allison asshole sell cigarettes to kid . * 85 . she wink as Duke step outside with new number to display on the gas price sign by the road . he wave to they and smile . duke you find a girlfriend ? zach uh ... no , we - duke she 's a cute one , my friend . zach sure. duke I be serious . he be . zach okay ... allison speak through she tooth quietly so as not to be overhear . allison told ya . she stand . allison come on . be a good '' boyfriend '' and walk I home . 81 ext . subdivision - afternoon 81 Zach walk he bike beside allison . zach you do not think it 's weird ? she shrug , not really buy what he 's suggest . allison he fall . people climb that tower in the pipeline all the time . you say you and josh just do it . make sense that some people would fall . zach what if he do not fall ? allison oh my god . Zach take a deep breath . have she pick up on what he 's be hint at ? maybe he should not have say anything . allison you think he jump ! Zach wrestle with himself . should he tell she what 's really on he mind ? zach I do not know . maybe . you be right , I guess it 's not that weird . right ? she narrow she eye . allison why do you care so much ? Zach do not know what to say . allison God , that make I sound like a dick do not it ? '' why do you care ? '' a kid in we class be dead . ... and that daryl guy 's still miss . they have reach she house . he walk she up the step . zach sorry . I just , lately , it feel like I do not have anyone to talk to . allison ... it 's my fault , be not it ? zach what ? allison you and josh . I could tell you two be ... he 's get a thing for I . ( off he look ) Zach , I like you . a lot sometimes . but when be you go to stop be surprised at the fact that I be not completely stupid ? 82 83 87 . zach probably now . allison now 's good . she kiss he forehead with a smirk and go to the door . stop . might as well be forward . allison do you want to come inside ? zach yeah . a beat . he do not move from the sidewalk . allison but you be not go to . he try to think of something to say . all he can do be shake he head . allison nod in response . she give up on he , go inside and close the door behind she . int . live room - afternoon 82 Zach unlock the door and walk inside , he can feel the silence . zach Mom ? ! he take he shoe off and walk into the kitchen 83 and pour a huge glass of orange juice . the answer machine be flash . he press the button to hear he mother speak : karen ( 0.s. ) hey , honey ! I be gonna be home a little late , so eat whatever you feel like for dinner . just do not go anywhere . i’11l be home as soon as I can . I love you . she make a kissing sound . he kiss back . he stand alone in the kitchen for a moment , debate . then head back out the door . 84 85 86 87 88. ext . subdivision - late afternoon Zach pedal furiously out of the neighborhood and down country road he 's hurry somewhere , bike as quickly as he can . on toward that familiar field he park he bike and walk through the tall grass into the forest a grim retrace of he step . he walk carefully , almost respectfully . this be , after all , a graveyard of sort . for a few moment he seem lose , look around in every direction , try to determine where they have be . they be run after he , but which way ... then he spot the drop off up ahead the ditch where daryl take he last spill . Zach approach slowly and as he reach the edge of the drop , he can see the scene from above . but it 's wrong . something be out of place here . Zach can see the pile of leave that he and josh have cover daryl 's body with , but it 's thin and more scattered now . someone 's be here . daryl 's body be slightly uncover . a arm expose . a hand . Zach work up the nerve to climb down and get a closer look . he step with caution , not want to leave any sign of he presence and need to keep a certain distance from the body . he squint at the expose 84 85 86 87 88 89 . hand the finger be miss . slice clean off . he lean in . what the fuck ? he kick a few of the leave off , try to see more . there be stab wound in daryl 's back . half a dozen . he kick off more leave and finally get a good look at daryl 's head Zach can not look at it for long , maybe only a glimpse , but ... the skull 's be crush . he stumble , weak in the knee for a moment before realize that whatever happen , he can not stay . he gather himself and turn to go . he stop on he way to check the hollow tree but both the sword and Zach 's sweatshirt be go . zach shit . he pace , work up , frustrated , tense beyond belief . int . kitchen - evening 88 Zach grab the phone and glance at he hand to dial allison 's private number . she answer quickly , a smile in she voice . allison hey ! zach hey ... do you have that number ? she be suddenly cold and businesslike . allison yeah , hang on . Zach listen as she put the phone down , angry at himself , scared out of he mind . 90 . 89 int . charlie 's house - evening 89 Charlie 's work on a enormous desktop computer . the phone ring behind he . he answer . charlie sharp residence . zach Charlie ? it 's Zach . charlie ... how have you get my number ? zach do not worry about it . listen . charlie okay . zach shit ... okay I 'il just say it ... it 's josh . charlie what 's josh ? zach the killer . I think he kill John whitcomb . 90 int . karen 's car - evening 90 Karen be drive down the road , listen to the radio . her headlight fall on a kid on a bike in front of she . a blue hoodie . she pull up beside he and roll she window down . karen josh ? he stop and turn . josh Mrs. Taylor . 91 int . kitchen - night 91 Zach clutches the phone , pace . charlie killer ? Zach what the hell ... 91 . zach I be still figure it all out but I have to talk to somebody who know and you be the only who do , so ... I have try talk to josh but there 's something wrong with he . he be so piss at daryl for gank he brother 's pot but the other night he just give it away . charlie what ? zach yeah , to this girl we know as a gift and he say he would sell some to John whitcomb . charlie so ? zach he hate John whitcomb . him and that guy he hang out with . charlie what guy ? Zach - zach forget it , do not matter . I be say like a week ago josh be talk about how much he hate John whitcomb and now John whitcomb turn up dead in the pipeline where we hang out with daryl that day ? he be gonna sell he the pot ! like that story daryl tell we . he say he would sell to he , lure he out there and get he alone so he could kill he ! 92 ext . karen be car - roadside 92 josh be stand on the side of the road . she 's pull over now . karen you should not be out here like this at night . not with everything that 's be go on . where be you head ? josh I be actually on my way to see Zach . 93 92 . karen we have not see you around lately . everything alright ? josh we have a fight the other day - karen well , that 's between you two . I x11 keep my nose out but you should not be out here alone . get in . you can put the bike in the back . int . charlie 's house - evening 93 charlie alright , he 's act weird . so be you ! so be I , probably . zach I know , but I could not stop think about it . I go back out to the wood where daryl be but it be different , someone else have be there before I , he be move around and - charlie you go out there ? what do - zach look , the sword be go . the tree be uncover and the sword be go , along with my sweatshirt . charlie but - - zach Three people know about the sword . you , I and josh . and I do not think you go back out there alone . charlie no . ee ek * ee of * ee of zach I think josh do and I think he take the sword and mess with daryl then he push John whitcomb off of that tower and I do not know what he 's do now . I call but there 's no answer . Charlie sit with the phone against he ear , emotionless . his blank expression become one of disgust charlie that 's so fuck up . zach I know , I still can not bel - - charlie why would you add all this nonsense onto the situation ? be not it bad enough as it be ? daryl 's dead , be not that enough drama for you ? zach we do not know he be dead . charlie he look pretty dead . do you check for a pulse ? zach I be not fuck doogie howser ! yeah , I think he be dead . but either way someone go back there . and if they find he alive then they finish he off . and if he be dead then they be just fuck around with the body . and that 's even worse ! charlie it be . zach it be not I . and it be not you . charlie so it be josh ? he 's you friend , be not he ? zach yeah . ho ee oh of 94 94 . charlie so why go out of you way to put this on he ? I think we be all to blame for what happen to daryl , all three of we . do not just blame he to avoid feel guilty about it . zach then where 's the sword ? charlie leave it alone , Zach ! zach do you take it ? charlie no ! do you ? how do I know you do not take it ? how do I know it 's even go ? want to take I out and show I ? lure I back out there ? you , I , no witness ? no thank you . zach listen to I ! charlie listen to yourself . you be lose it . do not call again . Charlie hang up . Zach sit in the empty live room . later 94 Zach idly eat leftover , while half pay attention to whatever horrific movie be on tv . there be periodic scream , but they do not faze he . eventually , Karen burst in , she arm full of stuff ( purse , mail , briefcase , fast food bag ) . karen look who I find ! Zach turn to see josh stand right behind she . zach hey . josh hey. 95 . Karen can sense the tension . tries to break it . karen I get chicken . Zach look at he empty bowl . zach you tell I to eat whatever . karen do I say that ? bah . it 'il reheat . josh , you want some ? josh Nah , I should not stay long . zach we ’1ll be outside a minute . Karen watch they step out through the garage . 95 ext . zach 's house 95 zach what be you do ? josh I do not know . I want to say hi . and I guess apologize for ditching you at the party . zach you do not , I ditch you . josh I guess so . it would have be cool to hang out . it be a fun party . josh seem sincere , almost vulnerable . but Zach be too focus to see it . zach look , someone go out there . they take the sword and - josh can not we just talk - 96 96 . zach that do not surprise you ? that someone take the sword ? do you go back out to see he ? josh why the fuck do you go back out there ? zach just to look . josh be this all we can do now ? zach you want to hang out ? John whitcomb be dead too , now . what the fuck be that all about ? josh turn and walk away . leave Zach to stand and wonder how this could have go better . int . live room - night 96 the horror movie still play on the television . Karen look up from she plate of chicken and watch Zach enter the room . she drink from a bottle of beer . karen he leave ? zach yeah . karen I wish you would tell I . I could have drive he . zach he 'il be fine . karen be you go to be fine ? zach yeah , it 's ok . it 's not a big thing . karen they find that whitcomb boy . that 's two in a week . * * ee of * ee of 97 98 97 . Zach nod . nothing to say . karen I keep think if I be he mother ... she 's tear up just imagine it . Zach fidget on the couch , pretend to focus on the movie as she sniffles away quietly beside he . karen ( cont would ) come here . zach what ? karen come here . Fucking hug I ! Jesus . he obey , scoot over to she awkwardly . she embrace he . he let it happen . it 's a tender moment for she . she stroke the back of he head , rock he softly . on screen someone be scream and scream . Karen do not even notice . int . english CLASS - day 97 Zach sit at he desk as the teacher talk about wuther Heights or some other classic . his attention be elsewhere . he 's hypnotize by the cardboarded window this must be the room that the deer run into . the duct tape hold the cardboard in place have come loose . the wind be pick up outside . it whistle . the cardboard flap . allison look over at he . he do not even notice . she lean over and continue whisper to Rebecca beside she . the wind keep howling outside . int . kitchen - afternoon 98 the house be quiet . Zach open the fridge a grab a Beer bottle from the back . after a moment 's think , he reach in and grab another . 99 98. int . zach 's room - afternoon 99 Zach sit on he bed sip beer . the familiar yearbook be in he lap , but now instead of look at girl , Zach look at a photo of himself it be not long ago , but he seem so much young . after a moment he flip a few page and scan the name intently until he find JOHN whitcomb and finally josh he close the book , lay he head back . suddenly , he 's startle by a knock at the door . karen ( 0.s. ) sweetie ? it 's for you . zach who be it ? karen ralphie . Zach make a face . who the fuck be that ? zach okay . karen ( 0.s. ) it 's lock . he unlock the door and take the phone . karen why be it lock ? zach sorry . I do not know you be home . she offer he the phone and a raise eyebrow before retreate down the hall . zach ( cont would ) hello ? 100 99 . charlie ( 0.s. ) turn the news on , asshole . zach Charlie ? charlie ( 0.s. ) just turn it on . zach what channel ? charlie ( 0.s. ) Three . zach who 's you cable provider ? Charlie sigh . zach the channel might be different . charlie ( 0.s. ) just find the local news . int . live room - moment later 100 Zach sit on the couch gaze at the tv the news be on . Karen walk in with a cup of yogurt . karen what be this ? zach the gas station . the convenience store they go to after school . the news camera zoom in on a shot of duke be take out in handcuffs by county police officer . the newscaster rattle on about " allegation of sexual assault on minor " and how he 's " be question regard the recent disappearance of one local teen and the death of another . " 101 102 103 100 . karen I know it ! zach what ? karen that guy be always so weird . zach I guess so . karen of course he be ! they be say he kill that whitcomb kid . maybe now that they have catch he they 's 1l find that other one . zach daryl . karen daryl . if anything good can come out of this maybe they 'il find he alive . Zach say nothing . ext . suburban STREET - afternoon 101 Zach grimly pedal he bike down the street toward josh 's house . ext . josh' front door - moment later 102 Zach knock , but there 's no answer . he check to make sure he 's not be watch before reach down to retrieve a spare key from under the welcome mat , and slip inside . int . josh 's house 103 the place be silent . eerie . Zach breathes heavily as he creep down the hall . his voice crack when he call out . zach josh ? he linger outside josh 's bedroom . he kneel down and try to peer under the door : nothing to see . 104 105 106 107 101 . he knock . then knock louder ... at last he turn the knob . int . josh be room 104 immediately Zach see a lump on the bed . it startles he , but it 's just bedding . dirty clothes . he 's alone in the room . he start to tear the place apart , search . there 's get to be some clue ... at last he find a cordless phone receiver lying at the foot of the bed . he pick it up and examine it . who 's josh be call ? a noise ! a creak ! someone in the hallway ? he slip around the corner ... a ugly old dog shamble up to he , panting and cough . zach Jesus , maggie . he give she a pet and shoos she away . int . josh 's house - hallway 105 he start toward the kitchen with the phone receiver still in he hand but stop . int . danny 's room 106 Zach slip inside and make he way to the closet . he open the door ... no samurai sword . a empty spot where it use to hang . int . josh 's house - kitchen 107 Zach find the base for the cordless phone . there 's a caller id digital readout that show recent number . he push the button to cycle through they . there 's one that show up a couple time . once just 15 minute ago . and once before that . the day before ... 108 109 110 102 . he run he hand through he hair ... then look at he open palm . the phone number that allison write on he hand . it 's smudge and barely visible . it 's the same number . josh have be call allison ? where be he now ? ext . rebecca 's house - afternoon 108 a doorbell ring . josh stand outside on the step . he have a duffle bag over he shoulder . after a beat the door open and we see allison and Rebecca . allison hey , josh . josh hi , allison . rebecca you should come in . josh I would love to . int . josh 's house - kitchen 109 Zach stand think . the piece be come together ... he 's interrupt by the slam of a car door from outside . he look and see josh' family Joan , josh 's dad and young brother , all walk up to the house . no josh . that 's all Zach need to see . he run and burst out the front door , just as Joan be open it . joan Zach ? where do you -- int . rebecca 's house - live room 110 josh lean against the wall , silently drink a entire glass of milk . allison and Rebecca sit opposite he , wait patiently . techno music play from a room somewhere deeper in the house . * 114 112 103 . rebecca so ? josh so , so . rebecca so you go to that '' guy '' you know ? how much and how much ? josh remove the baggie of weed from he hoodie pocket and hand it to she . josh this much and on the house . Rebecca grab he and kiss he on the lip playfully . rebecca this guy 's awesome . they both turn to allison stand by a little nervously . allison Zach 's not come , be he ? she do not do a very good job hide she disappointment . josh no , he say he could not make it . ext . subdivision - afternoon 111 Zach be racing , panting , make he way to allison 's house . he drop he bike and bound up the stair to she front door . he frantically knock and ring the bell . int . rebecca 's house - live room 112 rebecca more for we ! come on . she lead the way down the hall , toward the music . josh and allison be alone for a moment . they laugh awkwardly . josh lady first . 104 . 113 ext . allison 's house - afternoon 113 at long last , the door open , revealing allison 's brother dennis , 24 , shave head , blue work shirt , smoking a cigarette with a cordless phone press to he ear . dennis ( to phone ) shit yeah , uh huh , hold on ... ( to Zach ) what ? zach uh , be ... I be Zach . dennis alright . zach be allison home ? dennis who want to know ? zach Zach . Dennis smirk a condescending smirk . dennis I be mess with you . zach I know . do not . do not do that . be she here ? dennis why ? zach she 's not . Dennis shake he head . dennis I think she 's with that bitch from down the street ... zach what bitch ? dennis Rebecca whatever . 114 115 105 . zach where ? dennis her house I guess . zach be there a guy with they ? dennis man , fuck off . he wave goodbye and shut the door . Zach stand silently panic for a moment , every second might count here and he do not know what to do . he ring the bell again . and again . and again . Dennis open the door . dennis what the hell ? zach if allison do not call you in twenty minute , call the police . tell they to get to that bitch Rebecca 's house down the street . dennis listen - zach twenty minute , I be not fuck kid . ext . subdivision - continuous 114 Zach run . try to remember which house be Rebecca 's . he take a wrong turn and end up in a cul - de-sac . he panic and double back . zach shit shit shit ! where be it ? int . rebecca 's room 115 allison and Rebecca be goof off and dance to the music on the CD player . Trading swig from a bottle of white wine and hit off a joint . 116 106 . josh * just sit , watch , smile . allison offer he the joint , but he just shake he head , politely decline . josh I be good . * allison you sure ? I think we be hang out . rebecca we be ! she grab the joint from allison and puff ... exhaling the smoke in josh 's face and laugh before look down to see he open duffle bag and ... * the sword * she take it out and hold it up . rebecca whoa , what the fuck be this ? allison that be a fuck sword . ( to josh ) can we see it ? josh you be do it . the two girl play with it some more , miming like they be fight . precariously swinging the sword all around , make sound effect . josh continue watch calmly . eventually he get up and * approach they . josh okay , my turn . * ext . subdivision - afternoon 116 Zach hurry up the street . he spot the house . and sure * enough josh 's bike be park outside . * he walk to the front door . he try the knob and it 's * unlock . he turn it and step inside . 117 107 . int . rebecca 's house - afternoon 117 none of the downstairs light be on . the sun be set outside , the house grow dim and eerie . Zach dart he eye around the room , look for anything to indicate what he might be step into here . he see nothing . but he hear ... the music play from somewhere down the hall . and above that ... a whimper ... he freeze , stock still . his eye go wide . what do he just hear ? muffled voice . he move to the fireplace and dig through the fireplace tool . no poker ? he settles for the shovel and start down the hallway with a few door on either side , bathroom or closet but at the end of the hall , straight ahead ... a door open just a crack . pink light spill out from inside , across the carpet . the music be more present now . the whimper be louder and more resonant . it 's not yelp or coo , it 's one long sustained , but muffle moan that have peak of high squealing which be louder in volume . Zach move slowly . the moaning be louder and louder . it 's a painful , awful sound . the music underscore it all . Zach walk all the way up to the door and peer in through the crack just a sliver of the scene be enough . he can see allison at least . her head hang down so that she long hair obscure she face . she 's the one moan . whatever 's happen can not be good ... he push the door open slightly . now he can see that she have she shirt off . barefoot in a white bra and short . her hand be bound and she be gag , sit on the floor . he can see that she be tremble and that there be blood on and around she foot . Rebecca be lie on the bed . she 's not move . 118 108 . josh come into view . his back be to the door . Zach can not see he face but it 's clearly he . zach be panicked . devestate . he stand there a moment , try to decide what to do . allison notice he . her eye widen . josh turn . the boy make eye contact . Zach be tear up . zach josh . josh slam the door shut . allison scream through the gag . Zach throw he shoulder against the door . no good . he kick and stomp . zach ( cont would ) josh !! you fuck fuck !!! there 's a clatter and a crash from the other side of the door . then more scream . suddenly not just frighten but terrify . plead . then a thud . and scream of pain . the door will not give at all . something 's block it . Zach give up on it and charge back outside . ext . rebecca 's house - evening 118 Zach run around the side of the house , shouting at the top of he lung . zach help ! help I ! somebody ! he’s killing they ! help I ! help I ! he find the window that must lead into Rebecca 's room . he bashes at it with he shovel . worthless . there 's a deck chair . he grab that and start pound . muffled scream emanate from inside . Zach hoist that chair , swing for all he 's worth . the window break . he force the screen out of he way and climb in , take he little fireplace shovel with he . 119 120 109 . int . rebecca 's room - continuous 119 the place be a wreck . pink wall . Red floor . clothes strewn about . and a sizable bookshelf on the floor in front of the door . that must be what have be keep he out ... but it 's pull aside now . and the door be open . josh be go . allison be writhe weakly in the corner . Zach race to she side . her head hang forward . the back her neck be horrific . there be bruise and laceration . deep one . josh try to use the sword on she neck , to cut off she head . not quite bamboo grade . sharp enough to cut through milk carton . this be what it do to a human neck . to allison 's neck . this horrible , rag hack . she 's barely move . lose consciousness . Zach cry out . he scream for help again . the house creak . he realize for the first time that josh might still be here . allison have go limp in he arm . he set she down and stand , watch the doorway . zach josh ? he stoops to collect he shovel and step toward the doorway . he take a deep breath , pull the door open and step out into the hallway 120 he swing he shovel , but connect with nothing . zach jo - but then josh round the corner , sword in hand . Zach go low and tackle he . the two boy grapple with each other . it 's not unlike the earlier confrontation between Zach and daryl . eventually , Zach manage to get free . he scurries back and stand . 110 . they face one another . zach ( cont would ) what the fuck ? josh , what the fuck ?! josh just stare at he , shaking . Zach be terrify . adrenaline surging through he . josh be she dead ? zach fuck you . her brother call the police . josh I do not care . there 's a emptiness in josh 's voice . he continue to stand there . shake . Zach 's shaking now , too . zach please please please do not . okay ? josh ? josh start breathe heavier . huffing . puff . work himself up . there 's nothing behind Zach but a bathroom . he have to get by josh if he want to get out . he make a break for it , dash forward and to the side , try to dodge around josh and he sword . he make it but josh be right behind he . he swing the sword , hit Zach in the shoulder . not sharp enough to slice deeply into he , but sharp enough to cut . and fuck hurt . Zach scream . josh bring the sword down hard , to Zach 's head . crack ! right on the top of Zach 's skull , split the skin . crack ! blood stream down Zach 's face . he collapse . josh be on top of he , stabbing frantically with the sword . Zach squirm around and manage to kick josh back . he get to he foot and stumble out the front door , into the yard . 111 . 121 ext . rebecca 's house - evening 124 Zach race out as fast as he can go . josh come bound after he . josh bellow and take another swing . a little girl stands in the doorway of one of the nearby house . she watch silently . josh catch up with Zach . he swing again . Zach 's ankle twist beneath he and he fall into the street . josh straddle he again . this time when he stab he make contact . he pierce Zach 's thigh . Zach grab the blade and shift to the side , pull it out , force it away from he . a car drive past . slow . then speed the fuck up and peel out . dog start bark in the distance . and beyond that ... siren . Zach swing blindly up at josh , try to fend he off . josh do not give a shit . with he free hand , he swing back . but suddenly a man rush up behind josh and catch he under the arm , pull he away from Zach . the man hold tight against josh 's struggle . in a rage Zach stand and rush at josh . take a good , cheap swing . the man try to pull josh away . he 's shouting at Zach , try to calm he down . people be out now . all stand in they yard . stare . nervous . the man 's action have make other brave , though . more come to help restrain the kid . josh manage to wriggle free and collapse on the blacktop . before anyone can seize he , Zach rush over . he kick josh in the face . the people stand watch . 122 123 112 . dennis come run over from he house , surprised at the sudden activity . josh be through fight back . he just lie there . zach kick again . and stomp and scream . the man be able to subdue Zach just as the red and blue light of the police car arrive . the siren drow out everything . other be help josh to he foot , hold he up . the man hold Zach back . it 's not necessary , however . the fury be go . he 's spend . he 's do . he and josh make eye contact with one another . zach 's face still show emotion . josh 's face hold none . the two boy be stick there . they stare at each other until police come and handcuff each of they and put they in separate car . in one car 122 josh sit stare off . the seat -back in front of he be black vinyl , crack in a few place with heat and age . josh stare into this line , crack , crease . there be nothing more interesting . in the other car 123 Zach lean back and look 124 125 126 127 128 113. out the window he see all of the activity of police taping off the area and hold the onlooker back . Rebecca 's parent pull up in they car , totally confound . he see paramedics wheel out two gurney . Dennis run up and alongside the one that clearly carry allison . she reach up to take he hand . he get into the back of the ambulance with she before it speed away . Zach smile slightly . she 's alive . he look down at he handcuff hand , move they a bit despite the restraint . finally he settles with they in he lap . fade to : ext . wood - dawn silence . time have pass . Winter have move on . spring be here . a deer stand alone , pick at some plant when suddenly it look up . it stare into the forest at something unseen . the wind pick up . tree sway . the deer take off . ext . soccer field - dawn break across the soccer field , it b-line towards ext . high school - dawn it catapult towards the school , just like before , but right before it 's about to smash into a window it come to a grind stop . int . allison' bedroom - morning allison jump up from sleep with a gasp , drench in sweat . int . shower - morning she stand . eye close , the water cascade down she face . 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 114 . int . allison' kitchen - morning she sit at the table eat a bowl of cereal . Dennis sit next to she . her mother come in and give she a kiss on the head and whisper something into she ear . allison nod . her mother smile . int . car - morning allison stare out the window as Dennis drive she . int . hallway - day allison stand at she locker , stare into it . after a moment she grab she ap History book and close the door . int . ap history - day the teacher lecture . the student take note . allison fiddle with she pony tail unconsciously , then slowly bring she hand down to she neck where she gently rub the scar that remain there . it 's heal now as time have pass , but its still a visible relic of something terrible . a male student sit behind she . he stare at she pony tail and then down at the back of she neck . without look back allison undoe she pony tail and let she hair down , cover up the scar . the teacher ask a question . allison raise she hand CUT to black 129 130 131 132 ee of ee ek * * ee of