superman versus . superman ( superman III ) by David Newman and Leslie Newman screenplay revise , April 1982 director : Richard lester Producers : Alexander salkind ilya salkind Pierre spengler fade in : int . unemployment bureau - day on a wooden sign hanging from the ceiling . it read : metropolis unemployment Bureau pan down to a row of " tellers ' cage " with long line of people wait to collect they unemployment check . a sign above the first window say " a - F " , the second window be designate " G - L " and so on . close on the second window -- wait he turn at the head of the line be a black man in he early 30' . he kill time by try to make a beat - up old wooden yo - yo perform the basic up - and -down maneuver , but he 's not very good at it . he look as if he 's down on he luck : shiny pants , slightly fray collar , a old windbreaker . one of life 's chronic loser , he be one of that individual who continue to believe in themselves despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary . this be gus gorman . behind the teller 's wicket be a middle - age female clerk with the requisite officious manner and heart of stone common to she profession . as the man ahead of gus finish he turn and walk away , she bark out : clerk name ? gus ( as he try to untangle he yo - yo string ) Gus Gorman . she pull he folder from she file , open it , scowling . clerk ah yes , August Gorman . have you look for work this week , Mr. Gorman ? gus ( this be a familiar routine to he ) yeah . clerk what kind ? gus Kitchen . . . technician clerk dishwasher ? any luck ? gus nope , but -- clerk Mr. Gorman , accord to we record you have be unemployed for 36 week . gus thirty -five . clerk not count this week . ( look at he folder ) you secure employment last June as a messenger and be discharge after one day for . . . gus they say I lose it on the subway , but it be not the truth ! it be a pickpocket take it ! clerk a television set ? gus well , it be one of they little bitty two -inch screen japanese job . clerk the only other employment you find be in a fast - food joint -- ( consulting dossier ) -- which last . . . 28 minute ! well ! that 's some kind of record . talk about fast ! gus ( protest ) man , they people be crazy ! how they 'spect you to learn all that jive on the first day ? " hold the pickle ! hold the lettuce ! extra onion ! special sauce ! no special sauce ! " ai not nobody find no meat inside that glop yet . clerk Mr. Gorman , the city of metropolis be generous to a fault , but . . . gus I know , I be the fault . clerk thirty -six week of chronic unemployment , thirty - six week of live off the tax of hard - work citizen . do you know what you be ? gus do not call I a bum ! I be not no bum ! clerk you be , I be about to say , no longer eligible . gus ( stunne ) what about this week 's check ? clerk ( dismiss he summarily next ! the man behind he step up to the counter as a frustrated , miserable gus walk away . follow gus . muttering to himself about the injustice of it all , he start for the exit , feel in he pocket for he cigarettes . he take out a crumpled pack , pries the paper open and fish out he last smoke . . . a bent , shabby - look cigarette . he put the sorry object in he lip and searched he pocket for a match . no luck . new angle -- he walk over to a man wait on one of the line , smoking a cigar . gus hey brother , get a match ? the man hand he a matchbook . gus take it and be about to open it and light he cigarette , when the printing on the matchbook catch he eye . he look closely at it . insert - tight Pov : one of that matchbook advertisement for a home-study course . there be a little line draw of a smile , successful man , and the sell line : " earn big money . become a computer programmer " hold on this tight c.u. of the matchbook and freeze frame . Music : the stir superman theme begin . the title of the movie appear superimposed over these image . CUT to : ext . metropolis street - day ( note : the follow sequence , which occur during , under , and with credit be design as a elaborate , spectacular series of event base on the rube- Goldberg principle , i.e. , a serial development of cause - and -effect , escalate in scope and size . the " gimmick " that further mark this sequence be as follow : at the moment when each new development of " effect " be just about to manifest itself , the frame freeze and the next credit ( actor , composer , writer , director , etc. ) appear . then the frame unfreeze , the inevitable action take place , lead to the next event in the chain of cause - and - effect until that perfect next moment come when again there be a freeze frame , a credit , and so on . in the follow , we have refrain from indicate exactly where each freeze frame and credit should be , as that be more precisely discover in the editing process . thus : ) establishing shot -- the busy street of metropolis on a typical weekday morning . hustle and bustle , pedestrian and vehicle . it 's nine - o'clock and people be on they way to work . as theme music continue , the sequence begin . 1 . come out the front door of a building be a absolute knockout of a girl : voluptuous , sexy , young , and healthy . her every step casue a series of mind - boggle ripple . she be seemingly oblivious to the effect she have on passer - by . about 25 year old , this be somebody we will be see much more of later . lorelei ambrosia . 2 . as she walk away from camera , she rear end remind we of the proverbial puppy fight in a sack , a guy walk down the street from the opposite direction turn to ogle at she and therefore do not look where he 's go . he bump into a table - top tray of toy wind - up penguin be sell by a vendor . the penguin , about 20 of they , go waddling off in different direction up and down the street . 3 . a split-second later , a man in a cap , also walk in the opposite direction , come abreast of lorelei , turn to look at she , do not see that right in front of he ( he 's near the curb ) be a street - sign post . he slam into it face first . 4 . clutch he smashed nose , he recoil backwards with a great lurch , bang full - force into a girl on roller skate . 5 . knocked off balance , wobble erratically , she swerve and srashes into a hot dog wagon on the corner of the street . stand there , buy a morning snack , be the DAILY planet photographer and cub reporter jimmy olsen , on he way to the office . the hot dog vendor have put a frank on a bun and os about to squirt the mustard on it when the roller skater crash into the hot dog wagon . the mustard squirt on Jimmy 's face instead and the wagon go roll away with considerable momentum . 6 . on the corner of the next street be three telephone booth , side by side . in each booth be a caller . the last caller , a woman , hold onto a leash , which dangle outside she phone booth . on the end of this leash be a little dog , wait patiently outside while he mistress talk on the phoneinside . the hot dog wagon , pick up speed , hit the first phone booth with considerable impact . 7 . cause a domino effect : the first booth tip over , with the guy still inside it . and hit the second booth , tipping it and its occupant over , and that in turn knock over the third booth , cause the lady inside to lose she grip on the leash . immediately the little dog , startle by the crash , go charge off down the street , trail he leash . 8 . further down the street be a blind man hold the handle of the harness attach to he seeing - eye dog stand in a doorway . as the little dog come run by , the seeing - eye dog get excited and pull free of he master , chase the other dog . startle , the blind man stagger out into the street , feel for he dog , just as : 9 . a awhite - line road painter workman be come down the avenue , hold the handle of he motorize line - painting machine , which he be guide precisely down the center of the street , painting , as we see a straight white line . he be distract by the charging dog and let go of he machine momentarily . a moment later , the blind man stagger out into the road , reach out and grasp what feel exactly like the handle of he see - eye Dog harness . it be not . it 's the line-painting machine . 10 . which now continue down the road guide by a blind man , and the white line be paint curve , zig - zag , and bend so that any motorist try to follow it would go berserk . 11 . in the meantime , strolling down a side -street , with the characteristically spring step , affable smile for the world , neat suit , hat , and glass come none other than clark kent . he suddenly jump back as the little dog come whizzing by and instinctively reach down with super- speed to grab the leash . this he do , but if the leash stop , the dog do not . instead the leash pull free of the collar , leave a bemuse clark stand there hold a empty leash . 12 . the dog whiz by the man in the cap ( fellow who keep bang into thing and get hurt ) . as he leap back to avoid they , he fall into a open manhole . 13 . in the middle of the street , the white - line maker " guide " by the blind man , be head for the area of the street where the open manhole be . the blind man lose control of the white - line painter and be about to step into the open hole , when : 14 . the now - capless bald head of the man in the cap emerge from the manhole , just in time for the blind man to step right on it ( like a man crossing a pond by step on the stone ) . the blind man , busy whistling for he miss dog , never notice how near to disaster he come , but the bald head of the poor man in the cap be now imprint with a black sole marl . 15 . the white - line roller , with nobody steering it , crash into a little barrier that have be set up on the other side of the open manhole . customary smudge pot mark the barrier . the white - line roller hit a smudge pot . 16 . the smudge pot go roll across the gutter , stop . from another direction come one of that toy penguin . it hit the smudge pot and be immediately set on fire by the flame . 17 . the now flame penquin continue walk across the street , towards a newspaper stand . stack on the curb beside it be a bundle of as-yet-unopen newspaper . the burn toy come to a stop against the stack , which begin to smoulder . 18 . further down the street be a bank . and just at this moment , run out of the bank , a gun in one hand , a sack of steal money in the other , come a bank robber . a bank guard race from the bank and give chase . the bank robber do not see : 19 . a man remove a ladder ( the kind which hook onto clamp from the side of a van truck ) . as the man and ladder turn , the ladder hook grab the robber be hand . the man with the ladder , never realize what he have do , swing round 180 degree with the ladder and the money bag be pull off the ladder by : 20 . the wire of a scaffold where some build repairmen stand , just about to go up the side of a building . a second after the sack be deposit on the platform , the scaffold start to rise . 21 . the bank guard fire at the robber , but he shot miss and hit the windshield of a pass car . the windshield shatter and the driver crash into a fire hydrant on the curb . 22 . Water gush out of the hydrant , fill up the interior of the car like a goldfish bowl , the driver trap inside . 23 . across the street , the flame newspaper have set the entire kiosk on fire . 24 . hear the scream and shout , clark kent look down the street and see what 's happen . quickly , he look around for a place to metamorphose see none . 25 . he dash down the street , pause for a regretful look at the three phone booth on they side ( no way for he there ) . he spot a open storefront with one of that photomat booth inside , enter it , behind the curtain . we hear a coin drop in the slot ; the occupied sign go on ; the light flash . a moment later , burst out of the booth . . . superman ! 26 . he 's just about to take off , when he do a " oops ! " as he remember : the four photo drop into the receptacle . as he turn to go back and get they , a kid wander by and superman grab they out of he hand . on the photo : they show the change . photo 1 " Clark . 2 . Clark with glass off , shirt unbuttone . 3 . further along . 4 . superman . quickly he tear off the fourth picture and hand it to the astonished kid . 27 . superman land on top of the car . . . now totally fill with water . quickly , he rip open the sun roof , reach inside and haul the soggy driver out . then , jump to the ground , he lift the car off the hydrant , set it down , then jam the break hydrant back into the sidewalk , thereby stop the gush water . 28 . across the street , the kiosk be engulf in flame . superman lift the car , fly across the street with it and turn it upside down over the fire . the water gush out and douse the flame . 29 . jimmy olsen , watch from the sidewalk , sheer : jimmy Way to go , superman ! 30 . up high on the outside of the building , the worker on the scaffold turn to look down at what 's happen on the street . one of they kick the sack of money over the side as he turn to look . 31 . in the playground of the park on the next street , a young mother ( or a nanny ) lift a little toddler from a baby carriage and set he on one of end of a see-saw . now she start to walk around it to the other end so that she can give the little fellow a gentle see-saw ride . but before she get there , the fall money bag land full force on the ( up ) end of the see-saw . 32 . which cause the other end to fly upwards , catapult the toddler straight up in the air . the young mother scream . 33 . the baby land in the topmost branch of a tree and howl . 34 . superman see the problem , fly down and rescue the toddler . he hand he to the young mother and fly off . 35 . the two painter be on a scaffold , about two storey up on the side of a building . one of they turn abruptly as he spot superman fly by : first painter ( to CO - worker ) Mike , look who 's here ! and as he turn , he inadvertently lick over one can of paint on its side , paint slowly start to drip out and over the side . 36 . quick pan down to STREET level below where we look through the window of a posh Art Gallery . Inside , a dignified gentleman be pay a large sum of money to the owner as he purchase , a large oil painting in gilt frame , be be move toward the door by the gallery worker . 37 . the dignified gentleman exit the gallery first . as he step out , the first drop of paint from the tip - over paint can above start to fall . he automatically open he umbrella at the first sign of fall moisture . 38 . after a pause , there seem to be no more precipitation . he close up he umbrella . a second later , the entire can of paint fall on he head . 39 . he reel backwards from the blow and crash into a penny gumball machine on the sidewalk ( outside a adjacent candy store ) . 40 . the gumball machine crash to the ground , the glass globe break and a hundred little gumball roll onto the sidewalk . 41 . Way down the street , the bank robber be flee from the pursue bank guard , constantly look over he shoulder to see if he 's gain on he . 42 . on the other side of the art gallery , patron in a sidewalk café be be entertained by one of that STREET performers see everywhere lately . . . a second - rate marcel marceau , i.e. a white -face , black leotard - garbe mime . the mime be do the classic routine of a man climb a hill against a strong wind . he do not see the gumball roll toward he until it be too late . desperately try to maintain he routine , he foot start go out of control , faster and faster . he lose balance completely and fall ungracefully on he ass . 43 . the bank robber dash down the street , cop give chase , and trip on the fall mime . the sudden halting of he rapid forward motion send he fall straight forward just as : 44 . the oil painting be be carry out of the gallery to a nearby car . the ban krobber go head - first right through the painting . 45 . on the other side of the painting , a teenager dribble a basketball be knock down by the robber . the basketball bounce and go fly through the air . 46 . it land in the cooker of a hot fog wagon , which have finally come to a stop against the side of a building . the heat cause the basketball to swell . . . and swell . . . 47 . clark kent , in civvy again , come out of a doorway . 48 . on the basketball which swell to the burst point and explode . piece of rubber and string of hot - dog go fly into the air . 49 . on street level , lorelei ambrosia come jiggling down the street , still have no idea of the event she set in motion . 50 . ahead of she , halfway down the block , a panel truck , its door open , be park in front of a bakery . a delivery man emerge from the bakery , carry a tray of custard pie . 51 . the bakery 's delivery man do not see the hot dog roll on the sidewalk . he step on they , trip . this cause : 52 . a custard pie to fly up into the air , head right for the unsuspecting kisser of lorelei , who be walk the other way . 53 . clark spot what be about to happen and , with a very deat move , slide in front of the momentarily startle girl and , in the same motion , reach one hand up and catch the pie neatly just when it be inch away from she face . still in one smooth motion , clark whisk it away and out of sight like a very clever waiter , as lorelei , who never notice , continue on . 54 . what clark do not notice , though , be the bruise batter man in the cap who turn the corner exactly at this second and walk smack - on right into the custard pie in clark '' outstretch hand . clark oh ! sorry about that . 55 . as the man in the cap stand there wiping pie off he face , clark step to the curb and wait for the light to change so he can cross . 56 . new angle -- a big truck come down the street . there 's a large puddle on the gutter , the residue of a early morning rain . the curbside tire run through the water , cause it to splash clark . as the big splash hit he , this be the final freeze frame and the final ( director be ) credit . on clark -- he look down in mild dismay . his pant leg be soaking wet . quickly , he turn and walk into the park entrance . follow he as he sit down on a unoccupy bench . try not to call attention to himself , he open he newspaper , pretend to read it . it be today 's DAILY planet . closer on clark -- he look around to make sure nobody be notice he . nobody be . satisfied , he raise he glass and look down at he wet pants . effect : the red ray of heat vision emanate from he eye , aim at he pants as he extend he leg on the park bench . in a second , the pants be magically dry and re-pleate . clark ( to himself ) neatness count . satisfied , he continue to walk to work . as clark walk out of frame , pan up to the second floor of a small building , the kind where there 's a store on the ground floor and a few office above it . pan stop on the window , on which be lettere : ARCHIBALD data processing school int . data processing school room - day a bunch of student be cluster around instructor , who sit at the keyboard of a small computer , demonstrate . first student but what if you want to program two bilateral coordinate at the same time ? instructor you can not . it 's impossible . first student Computer technology be quite advanced , young man , but it can not do that . a voice from the assemble student be hear : voice ( hesitantly ) uh. . . the group part to reveal gus gorman . he mumble and reach over to the keyboard . h punch some button while the instructor look on with a patronize smile . suddenly the instuctor be expression change to one of astonishment . instructor good Lord ! how do you do that ? gus ( shrugging ) just do it , that 's all . ext . daiily planet - day establishing shot of the office building . int . perry white's office - day insert -- on a 8 x 10 photograph lay on a desktop . it show a handsome man in he mid - 40' , wear black tie , stand up at a formal dais table , hold a plaque . a captain of industry who have take pain to present himself as a " regular guy , " this be ross webster . as camera study this photo , we hear the voice of perry white ask : perry ( o.s . ) who 's this ? jimmy ( o.s . ) that 's he , Ross webster . this be just after they present he with the award for humanitarian of the Year . lois ( o.s. ) good-look . jimmy ( o.s . ) that 's because I give he f.2 at a 50th . full shot -- Three people be in perry be office , look at photograph spread out on a table . shirtsleeve roll up , tie knot loosen -- that 's perry white . surrounded by a great many shiny , chic shopping bag and look particularly fetching and cheerful today be lois lane . display the photo be jimmy olsen . perry Olsen , there 's one thing I do not understand . the point of the story lois write be how the Ross webster get this great honor . you bring I one photograph of he and fifteen picture of this person ! as he say this , he point to a bunch of other photo on the desk : on the photo -- they be various shot of the same girl whose wiggle cause all the chaos on the street before : lorelei ambrosia . she be seat at the banquet dais in a low cut gown . as we see this , perry be speech continue : perry who be she ? jimmy her name 's lorelei ambrosia . she 's webster 's girl Friday . lois oh , I think Saturday , too . new angle -- as perry take another photo from the pile and study it . perry who 's the other woman ? jimmy that 's he sister . Vera webster . perry the picture look blurry . lois the picture 's fine . that 's the way she look in real life . insert : on the photo -- show a no - nonsense , severe - look woman in she late 40' . this be Ross ' older , spinster sister : Vera webster . jimmy ( o.s . ) she 's vice - president of webco industry . on they perry you be amazing , Olsen . a boring banquet and you bring back 3,000 boring picture . then superman put out a fire on third Avenue this morning and you stand there and watch the whole thing and you do not take one picture !! jimmy I do not have my camera with I . perry ( exasperate ) a photographer eat with he camera , a photographer sleep with he camera -- lois glad I be a writer . at which point , the door open and a grumpy , middle - age woman enter , push a bizarre object on wheel before she . the woman be miss henderson from circulation Department . the thing she push be one of that revolve drum bingo machine with a hand crank on the side that turn a cog , which make the hundred of little white plastic ball churn about until one of they fall into the chute . attach to it be a big promotional sign , which read : " jingo ! Daily Planet Big Prize bingo , by jingo !! " from this angle we can see that in the adjacent office , behind the glass , be a bulletin board with jingo write over it and a man wait in there . miss henderson Mr. White , please , it 's time for you to draw this month 's win jingo number . ( to lois ) the prize be a all - expense trip to South America . perry ( irritate ) why can not the idiot in circulation who dream up this imbecile contest in the first place --- miss henderson because you be the editor-in - Chief . you integrity be unquestion . lois I have a question . suddenly come through the door be clark kent , almost trip over the shopping bag around lois . clark hi , lois . Morning , Jimmy , you have get mustard on you lapel . Excuse I , Mr. White , I do not mean to interrupt but --- perry please , Kent , not now . I be try to put out a newspaper here . and he start cranking the bingo machine . lois it will never replace the printing press , boss . miss henderson ( impatiently ) what 's the number , Mr. White ? closer angle -- perry pries apart the plastic ball ; it split into two half - sphere . Inside be a fold piece of paper . he remove it , unfold it , read it . perry ( unenthusiastically ) 53 . miss henderson ( call out in pierce tone to the next office ) 53 ! see through the glass divider " the man in the next room tack the number 53 up on the board . perry okay ? Goodbye . miss henderson you have get to pick three more number . furiously , perry start to crank the machine again . clark Mr. White , please , I promise that people I would get back to they by this morning . what do you think ? perry look , I do not know , Kent . . . clark ( pitching hard ) personally , I think it could be a terrific story ! c.u. lois -- accusingly , as if she be be rob of a assignment . lois what terrific story ? perry Kent 's be invite to he high - school class reunion . lois whoopee . clark ( fire up ) it 's practically a american ritual , Mr. White ! be not that so , Jimmy ? jimmy I would not know Mr. Kent . most of the people I go to high school with be still in high school . miss henderson ( impatiently ) could we have the next number already ? perry stop cranking , another ball fall out , and he open it . miss henderson ( holler out ) 33 ! the guy in the next room put up 33 . clark ( will not be stop ) anyway , the reunion 's just the hook for the story . what it 's really about be how the typical small town 's change in the last fifteen year . how do you like this a title : can you go Home again ? lois say ! clark ( not pick up the put - on ) take I , for instance . go back to middle America after have become a metropolis sophisticate -- c.u. lois -- she look at clark fondly , but she can not quite buy that self - description . clark ( brightly ) I be really excited about this . I even -- he open he briefcase , pull out a neatly fold maroon wool pullover . clark -- I be look through my closet last and , sure enough , o find my old high school sweater . full on he as he unfold it and hold it proudly in front of he chest . in the middle of it , right where the superman monogram be locate , be a big white block letter " S " . on perry , lois and jimmy look at he . on clark -- he point to the " S " . clark ( explain ) smallville . new angle miss henderson ( whiney , nudging ) Mr. White ! scowl like mad , perry crank the handle again . perry I be get a cramp in my elbow from this . clark ( helpfully as ever ) let I do it for you , Mr. White . with characteristic over - enthusiasm , clark start to crank the handle too rapidly . clark ( eagerly ) so , Mr. White ? can I go ahead and make my travel arrangement ? lois exactly what I be about to ask about I . suddenly , the handle break off the drum due to clark be over -exertion . he stand there with egg on he face and crank in hand . miss henderson do you know what that machine cost ? clark uh. . . sorry -- perry all right , Kent . I just hope you know what you be do . if you really think smallville be you big chance , go for it . jimmy what about I ? perry what about you ? jimmy a story like this cry out for great human interest picture . ( envision they ) the big dance ! the homecome game ! Mr. Kent pose next to he old locker ! lois hey , I would definitely shoot color on that one , Jimmy . it would be a crime to just use black and white . perry okay , Kent , call you people and tell they the prodigal Son be come home . favoring clark -- happy now , he turn to leave the office . shot lose perry but we continue to hear he voice , o.s . perry ( o.s . ) I just hope you realize , it 's not easy lose my top reporter -- beam at the unexpected compliment , clark turn back just as : full shot perry -- but you deserve the vacation , lois . clark ( surprised ) oh . you be go away . lois ( kid , with a grin ) yeah , well , some of we get to go to smallville . and some of we just have to settle for . . . she reach into one of the shopping bag and pull out the world 's teeniest , tiniest bikini . lois . . . bermuda . clark be eye widen at the image that come to he mind . miss henderson ( impatient ) Mr. White , the next number , please ? perry how be I suppose to turn this thing ? miss henderson ( demonstrate , she tumble the drum over by hand ) by hand . like the pioneer do . perry could not we just get a computer to do this ? CUT to : int . computer room - webco - day camera dolly through two glass door ( Pov a rolling cart entering the room ) . we see the word stenciled on the door : webco industries - data processing CENTER the room we enter be one of that enormous computer center . along the wall be the massive data console , they tape deck alternately roll and stop . other machine extrude massive print-out . in the center of the room be desk , one after another , with small table - top computer console , the sort that be operate from a keyboard . various worker be see do they job , include the one operate the keyboard computer . they move rapidly around in a curious and unique fashion : each worker sit on a chair that have ball bear wheel and they propel themselves from terminal to terminal by skitter around without leave they chair . to facilitate this action , they all wear white tennis shoe , which grip the floor for maximum purchase . the impression we get be one of robot- like human zipping around from machine to machine . wide shot , reverse -- revealing that the roll cart which take we into the room be push by a employee who stop at each desk and hand each person a envelope . . . it 's payday and they be get they paycheck . as we dolly back we see in f.g. two desk , side by side , with a keyboard console with video display on each . one of they be manned by we friend with the matchbook : gus gorman . across the aisle be he fellow - worker , fred . the man hand out the check stop at gus ' desk , give he he . gus take the envelope , open it , as fred get the same and the cart continue on . close on gus -- he look in astonished dismay at he check . gus sonofagun ! look at this here ! fred first paycheck ? gus first rip -off , man ! suppose to be 225 buck a week ! you know what this sucker say ?? $ 143.80 ! ( read it , angry ) Federal tax ! State tax ! Social Security tax ! fred that 's so you be still get some money when you hit 65 . gus ( get up , start to walk ) I be not gonna live that long on $ 143.80 ! I want it now , man , while I be still young and cool . int . employees ' cafeteria - day gus and fred enter the cafeteria , continue they conversation . track with they , as they walk down to the coffee machine . gus mutter and work hi yo- yo with no success . fred actually , it 's probably more like $ 143.80 and one-half cent . ( gus give he a puzzle look ) there 's always fraction over in a big corporation , but they round it down to the lowest whole number . gus what be I gonna do with half a cent ? buy I a thoroughbre cockroach ? ( pause ; he start to think about it ) everybody lose they fraction ? fred they do not actually lose them . you can not lose what you never get . gus who get it , the company ? fred no , not really . they can not be bother collect half a cent from you paycheck anymore than you could . gus so where be all they half - centse ? fred they be just . . . float around out there . the computer know where . c.u. gus -- lose in think new angle -- by now they have reach the coffee urn . fred pull the lever and fill two cup , reach for the bowl of sugar cube . fred how many sugar ? gus one. ( pause . as fred drop one in the cup ) and a half . dissolve to : int . webco computer room - twilight wide shot -- the end of the day . employee put on they coat , change from the white sneaker into normal street shoe , leave , say good - night , etc . on gus -- seat at he keyboard , a faintly manic gleam in he eye . he stare at the video display screen , he finger brush the key . new angle -- fred put on he jacket , get ready to leave . fred quittin ' time , gus. comin ' ? gus uh . . . no , man . I get some work to finish up here . fred ( archly ) workin ' overtime ? what be you doin ' , buddy , look for a raise ? gus ( almost to himself ) yeah . a raise . . fred shake he head , turn , and leave . long shot -- the data processing center be empty of people now . just the computer and gus . mo . clos on gus -- he take he paycheck out of the envelope again and look closely at it . insert -- on the upper right corner of the check be a short sequence of number and letter . gus ( repeat they aloud ) 368zzx4 . tight angle -- he punch that number and letter on he keyboard . on the video display -- the number and letter appear on the screen . then , a moment later : hello . webco payroll division . give command coordinate . on gus -- a broad grin . gus ( a man who see the future open before he ) yeah ! he begin to punch coordinate into the keyboard . in a quick series of shot , we see various computer of different type , in different location as they begin to flash , and / or light up and / or turn they memory bank tape and / or beep and / or do other ' computer stuff ' . the effect be to clearly indicate that what gus be do be have a result , that he computer be activate other . ext . two - lane highway - night mo . long shot -- a Greyhound bus be travel down a two - lane highway , which run alongside a woodsy , rural area . int . greyhound bus - night a lot of the passengers be sleep . a few read by the little individual overhead light . perhaps a couple cuddle in the back seat . seat side by side toward the rear of the bus be clark and jimmy . clark be half - doze and try to seem interested in what be obviously a interminable story that jimmy be tell he . jimmy but my uncle Al , on my father 's side , he will not eat she stuff , he say it should be cook on the outside of the turkey and she put the stuff inside the turkey . so my mother tell my aunt ellen . . . aunt ellen 's my father 's half - sister , I tell you that , right ? clark mmmmm . . . jimmy the thing be though , my cousin Arnold , aunt rosey 's Arnold this be , he get mad when uncle Al insulted he mother 's stuff , so now the problem be -- clark ( suddenly alert , look forward ) what 's that ? Pov : looking forward down the ailse -- the bus have stop . out the windshield we see a red glow on the horizon that light up the sky . two shot -- clark and jimmy jimmy wow , what a beautiful sunrise ! clark at one o'clock in the morning ? closer on the windshield -- we now see police car with dome light block the road , barrier set up . ext . two - lane highway - night a few minute later . the bus driver have get out to talk to the policeman block the road . clark , jimmy , and some other passengers have come out of the bus also to find out what 's happen . throughout the follow , CUT to various angle show other traffic be halt and one lane clear for emergency vehicle to pass through : ambulance , fire truck , National Guard truck , etc . state policeman it 's you choice . turn back or pull over to the side of the road till it 's over . bus driver how long will that take ? state policeman you never know with forest fire . and this one be spread like . . . ( he have no choice but to finish the sentence he start ) . . . wildfire . we get 10,000 acre of timber go up like matchstick and a south wind . clark what 's the south wind get to do with it ? state policeman iroquois Trail power Plant be just eight mile south of the fire . jimmy the nuclear power station ? jimmy turn and run back onto the bus . int . bus - night jimmy grab he camera from the overhead rack , dash out again . ext . bus - night clark how do it start ? state policeman nine time out of ten it 's some careless camper . clark be there camper trap in there ? state policeman we be do we best to get them out . jimmy come out of the bus , pull clark aside . jimmy keep talk to that state trooper so he do not notice where I be go , okay ? clark what be you do ? jimmy you know what Mr. White say . a photographer always go after a story . he start to sneak off into the nearby forest . clark Jimmy , it 's dangerous ! on jimmy -- the swashbuckle bravado of a 19 year - old : jimmy danger ? that go with the territory , Mr. Kent . and he duck into the wood . c.u. clark -- make a decision . new angle -- as more car have be stoop , a driver , in f.g. get out of he car to walk forward toward the barrier to see what 's go on . clark look around to make sure nobody be notice he . then , quickly , he open the right - hand side back door of the empty car and enter . a split-second later he emerge from the left-hand side as . . . superman ! he take off . CUT to : ext . forest FIRE - night overhead shot ( stock footage ) : a terrific forest fire be raging . mile and mile of burn tree , rush wind . ext . forest - night various shot ( stock footage ) inside the fire itself on ground level . 1 . flaming tree , timber crash . 2 . animal run in panic . 3 . sheet of flame sweeping through wood . follow by various quick shot of brave and hard - work firefighter right in the thick of it , do what they can : 1 . spade up the ground with shovel and hoe , try to create firebreak . 2 . chain -saw at work bring down tree to to clear area . 3 . a portable pump with hose attach draw water from a small pond or creek in the area . throughout all this , we have the impression of a blaze inferno of terrific proportion with sheet of flame and sound of fire and fall tree and whipping wind . ext . staging area , forest FIRE - night establishing shot -- the command post of the firefight operation . ambulance with medic ready ; fire truck ; hot soup and coffee wagon ; exhausted firefighter get a break , take oxygen , drink coffee , etc ; fresh troops put on they gear . closer -- the FIRE chief , clad in woodsy rainment , but with a badge denote he status , stand confer with he aide . he look haggard , hot , worried . he hold a walkie-talkie . suddenly , superman land in the area . superman Chief , how can I help ? FIRE chief ( call to assistant ) get this man a helmet and a --- ( suddenly realize who it be ) oh ! it 's you ! ( call to assistant ) no helmet ! superman what 's the story ? FIRE chief this be a fierce one , superman . we have get a hundred and twenty man on the northeast border building firebreak . I have get volunteer come in from as far away as Ohio . they be do all they can , but -- camera pan to see exhausted firefighter , face cover with soot , sit on the ground and breathe deeply from oxygen mask , try to get themselves together , as speech continue : FIRE chief ( o.s. ) they be only human . pan coninue to a nearby area where we see , come toward the soup kitchen , a bedraggle and besmirch boy scout troop 9about EIGHT boy and a scout master ) who be obviously evacuate from the forest . they be all turn and give dirty look to someone who walk a few pace behind they : a lone boy scout , look very forlorn and guilty , hold two fire make stick and a bow . this be obviously the twerp who start the forest fire in the first place . ext . cabin in the wood - night in the middle of the forest , a log cabin sit in a clear . beside it be one of that butane gas tank . the fire envelop it . new angle -- the butane tank explode . the cabin explode . flame devour it in second . ext . forest FIRE - night leap out from the top of the tree , whizzing on the high wind , spark and fire ball sail through the air . on a unschorched part of the forest -- Fire ball land in a clear area . in various angle , we see new fire start up . new angle -- as firefighter race into this area and begin flail away at the fresh brushfire with shovel and pick , try to extinguish this new fire before they really get go . ext . watch - tower , forest - night long shot -- a wooden tower use for fire -spot in the middle of the forest . from this distance , we can barely make out that somebody be up there in the tower , stand on the ledge . closer on the tower -- it 's jimmy olsen , who have secure himself a marvelous vantage point for take photo of the fire . wide angle on the tower -- what he do not realize be that the flame be creep up behind the tower and will soon envelop it . ext . another part of the forest - night various shot of firefighter building firebreak . it be a slow and laborious process . some men chop down tree to clear the break line . other turn the fresh earth with spade . other haul the fall timber out of the way . they work feverishly , but it 's hard work and slow go . new angle -- superman land in they midst . they be so exhaust they can barely muster up the customary surprise . superman ( all business ) stand back , guy . where do you want this firebreak ? crew leader ( point ) from there to there . favoring superman as he quickly select a stout , tall tree . as the men watch in astonishment , superman grab the base of the tree and with -- effect : super-strength ( and a bit of super -strain ) he pull the tree out of the ground , root and all . quickly he haul it to a clear area and tie a length of cable around it , create a instant harness for himself . new angle -- he throw the cable over he shoulder , hook he arm in it , and begin to race at : effect : super-speed straight through the heavily wood area . the tree , pull behind he like a horizontal plow , knock down all the tree in its path . they fall to either side like so many pick - up stick . long shot -- the firefighter stand at the point of he departure and see the instant firebreak be create before they eye . long wide angle down ( arial shot ) -- we see the firebreak form , the tall tree crash down to the ground on either side of the blue speedball that be superman . on the forman of the firebreak crew , who speak into he walkie-talkie to the central command post : forman Chief , this be the North boundary Crew . we have get a firebreak that should contain it on we end . ext . command post , forest - night chief ( to walkie- talkie ) it 's not go to be that easy on the south side . the wind be blow fireballs right over the break . ext . iroquois trail nuclear power station ( tower ) - night establishing shot -- a icon of we time : the three concrete silo we associate with nuclear energy station , c.f. Three mile Island . in the distance , we see the glow of the fire . on the gate surround the tower close to the forest . a number of scientist , security men , etc. be stand there watch the approach fire through binocular . behind they , we see the large of the tower loom . a very worried plant supervisor put downs he binocular and turn to the security chief stand beside he . plant supervisor man , if that fire get much closer , we be go to have ourselves some big trouble . security chief the nuclear reactor ? plant supervisor ( grimly ) you figure it out . that -- ( point at tower ) be a cool tower , right ? the nuclear core inside it be stabilize by the temperature . if the fire get here , it will stop be a cool tower , and turn into a furnace . c.u. security chief security chief oh , my God ! you mean a melt - down ! plant supervisor get the civil defense people on the phone . we may have to evacuate the whole damn state ! ext . another part of the forest , a-frame cottage - night a a-frame summer cottage have be construct in a clear in the wood . angle favor the big glass façade of it , one enormous picture window with wood trim . the window reflect the fire come closer to the house . closer on the glass as be begin to heat up and distort the image of the encroach flame . suddenly , the window buckle and blow out with a terrific crash . ext . forest road - night mo . long shot -- heading toward camera , a camper trailer ( recreational vehicle ) be speed down a dirt road , try to get to safety . but its back end have already catch on fire . on the cab -- a terrified driver , he wife , and there kid in there . new angle -- finally , as the flame begin to consume more of the vehicle , the driver brake to a halt . he and he family run like hell away just before the trailer explode in a ball of fire . ext . command post , forest - night the chief look incredulous at something he 's just hear over he walkie-talkie . chief what ??! ( to walkie- talkie ) how do he get there ? ( to aide beside he ) some lunatic be up in the watch - tower take picture . aide so ? chief so that tower 's right in the middle of pure hell right now ! ext . watchtower , forest - night mo . close on the top of the tower -- jimmy be take photo , so intent and excited that he do not realize what danger he 's in . long shot -- the flame attack the strut of the tower . they start to collapse . the entire tower buckle and topple forward like a man with two ( suddenly ) break leg . tighter angle -- as it fall . jimmy be hurl out of the tower onto the ground . on jimmy -- he lay there , moan in pain , clutching he leg ( which be break ) . surrounded by fire . thing look very bad for he . angle up -- suddenly , superman appear walk through a wall of flame . he be unhurt by the fire . he make he way to the fall jimy , lift he up and fly out of the fire . ext . command post , ambulance - night the area of the command post where the ambulance be wait . doctor , nurse , medic , etc. stand by . superman land with jimmy in he arm and gently lay he on one of the stretcher just by the ambulance . superman easy , Jimmy . jimmy ( in pain ) it 's my leg . superman look at Jimmy 's leg . we see a x-ray shot of the break bone . superman ( to the medic ) it 's a clean break right across the fibula . CUT to command post as a breathless firefighter run up to report to he chief . firefighter the water supply be practically go ! chief ( worried ) we have get to get water ! firefighter how ? Lake comooga be five mile from here . we have not get a five mile hose . c.u. superman -- as he hear about the problem . superman where be this lake ? chief ( point ) that way . superman immediately fly off in that direction . ext . lake shore - night mo . wide shot -- superman land at the edge of a lake about 200 yard long and wide . he survey the expanse of water before he . then : special effect : he blow a steady gust of ice- breath across the surface of the lake . in moment , the entire surface freeze solid . new angle -- he bend down and grasp the edge of the ice cover in he hand . it 's about five - inch thick . slowly , he begin to pull and lift at the same time . wide shot -- the entire platter of ice , the size of the lake , be lift off the top . holding it before he , superman fly into the sky . ext . sky - night a amazing sight : superman flying toward the glow red sky where the forest fire rage , hold the enormous ice platter before he . he arrive over the center of the forest fire . he fling the freeze lake over the fire . as the ice start to fall , the heat from below melt it and turn in into a tremendous torrent of water . various angle -- the melt lake water put out the major part of the fire . on the ground , reaction from the firefighter , etc . total joy and amazement . ext . iroquois trail nuclear power tower - night the flame have spread to the base of the tower now , lick at the side . crews of worker , scientist et al have be hastily organize into firefight unit . they be hose down the side of the main tower , try to cool it . steam erupt as the water hit the hot concrete . security guard it 's not go to work ! it 's too hot now ! ext . sky - night superman fly at top speed toward the iroquois Trail tower in b.g . intercut shot of superman closer to the familiar silo and firefighter on the ground , try to hose down the silo and put out the encroach flame all around it . long shot -- superman fly directly into the large concrete silo . int . inner chamber , nuclear reactor - night sound : a strident alarm go continuously , a sound of panic . on a gauge -- a needle have zipped into the Red for danger area and be wobble wildly at the end of the scale . pull back to reveal a harry scientist in white coat . scientist it 's go right off the end of the scale , Dr. Harris ! full shot -- the outer chamber of the reactor . scientist at they station , man dial . behind three thick glass shield we see into the inner chamber where no man can go . mechanical robot-arm be control from the outer chamber . dr . harris start the emergency cool procedure . closer on the window show the inner chamber -- all stainless steel and white tile . in the center , on a kind of platform , the nuclear core glow red hot , emanate pulsation of radiation . a fearful thing . it appear to be two cylinder , each about a foot long , and as it approach destabilization , the two cylinder ( one above the other ) be move closer and closer to each other . it be clear that if they join it will be irrevocable . melt-down will occur . scientist it be not help ! we be about two minute from melt - down ! suddenly , superman land inside the chamber . dr . harris superman ! ( talk though intercom ) be careful ! there 's enough radiation in that core to light up the whole country for a year ! superman do not worry . I will just stabilize it . closer -- superman grasp the red-hot cylinder . a fleeting expression on he face let we know the even he find this pretty hot stuff . slowly , with great caution and great power , he pull the two cylinder apart further and further , back into they housing . on the gage -- the needle drop back to normal . sound : the alarm that have be ringing suddenly quit . reaction -- incredible relief from the scientist . mopping they brow , etc . superman smile to the scientist and fly up and out of the silo . dr . harris ( in wonderment ) it be not very scientific , gentleman , but I tell you that man be a miracle . ext . smallville high school gym - night c.u. ( profile ) of a very little old lady : ancient , now - retire teacher minnie banister , peer at the shirt and tie on a chest , which be exactly at she eye level . as she crane she neck upwards to address the head on top of this body and say : minnie bannister you really have grow , Clark . we pan up with her gaze to reveal clark kent smile gently down at she . clark you be look well , miss bannister . wider -- the gym be decorate : crepe paper , balloon , poster , color light , and blow-up of the old black and white graduation photo of the alumnus , include one of the series , studio , bespectacle young clark kent , mix with standard yearbook shot of the great moment of the class of ' 65 ( big game , senior prom , production of ' we town , ' etc . ) . surrounded by couple dance tot he strain of Golden oldy from they high school era , clark continue to make polite chat with minnie bannister until , suddenly , he focus on something across the room . clark Pov : across the room , a young woman about he age have just enter the gym , carry a stack of record in one arm and a stack of paper plate in the other . red-haired and very pretty in a all - american way , lana lang seem like the kind of girl who would instantly be surround by friend and admirer . oddly , she 's not . in fact , she be the only woman here without a mate or even a date . as if to platy down she aloneness , she instantly get busy , quickly check the refreshment and adjust a loose decoration . but then , as she pick up she plate and record again and turn to camera she see , through the space between dance couple , something that make she stop . and smile . c.u. lana -- her eye sparkling with delight as she mime the word to he : lana Clark ? c.u. clark -- a warm smile for she as he too mouth she name : clark lana ? as we be seeing all this interplay , we be at the same time hearing : minnie bannister ( o.s . ) I can not complain . oh , I take the stair a bit slower this day , and of course I get these spell , but I can not complain ... clark will you excuse I , miss bannister ? there 's someone I really have to say hello to . new angle -- full shot as they make they way to each other . closer -- there 's a lot of unspoken past history between clark and lana . indeed , he have a serious crush on she during all he young year and she know it even if she do not acknowledge it then . now , fifteen year later , they be very glad to see each other again . clark lana lang . how great to see you . lana Clark . she suddenly lean forward and kiss he on the cheek . ( a note on lana lang : lana be one of this people , who , both by nature and by exigency of she situation , seem to be carry on three conversation at once and often do two or three different task at once . although such people seem perfectly clear in they own mind about the direction they thought be go in , it 's often confusing and disconcert to other . as lana be often keep three conversation ball in the air simultaneously , Clark be hardput to keep up with she , get lose in the conversation , think she mean one thing , when in fact she 's go on to another subject . the effect be comical for we , a bit unsettle for he , and should finally be genuinely charming and adorable in he eye . in the dialogue as write , lana 's separate thought be indicate by break and indication , but in performance they should run right into each other non-stop ) . lana you look wonderful . clark you always do . ( indicate plate and dish ) can I give you a hand with that ? they start walk toward the buffet table . track with they . lana no , I can mange , this be the first time you have be back since you mom pass away , be not it ? ( as he nod ) I can not believe it . track with they . lana no , I can mange , this be the first time you have be back since you mom pass away , be not it ? ( as he nod ) I can not believe it . you come all the way from metropolis just for this dinky little reunion ? they stop . clark you should not say that , you be the chairman -- ( uncertainly ) ...uh , chairperson ... lana ( strike by the think ) and here I be , just stand here . that 's terrible . thank you . clark ( confuse ) you be welcome ...?? lana for remind I , I mean . can you follow I ? she change direction , start to walk toward the music area where a d.j. have a record player set up . clark I be try to . he follow she . as they reach the teenage d.j.: lana I just have to give this to the -- smiling at clark , she do not realize she set the paper plate , not record , down by the d.j. 's set-up . the d.j. be about to protest , but lana have already turn away and walk briskly to the nearby buffet table again . clark I hear you and Donald split up . lana seem not to hear he as she set the stack of record down on the buffet table . lana do you eat yet ? she grab a record off the top of the stack , scoops up a ladleful of potato salad , see suddenly that she 's just about to dump it on a record . lana ( shaking she head ) that 's not right . ( to Clark ) yes , you be right about I and Donald but -- hold it a sec , okay ? she hand the full scoop of potato salad to clark , pick up the stack of record and take they over to the d.j. hold on clark , hold a scoop of potato salad , feel foolish . at this precise moment , two of the more successful - look alumni drift by with they wive . first man hey , Kent . second man how ya ' doin ' ? clark be about to shake hand . at the last moment he have to transfer the scoop of potato salad awkwardly to he leave hand . the couple drift off , smile , clark watch they as the first man murmur to the second man : first man some guy never change ... vertical pan up to a blow - up black and white high school photo of serious , somewhat awkward - look teenage clark kent . camera pan across wall of decoration , coming to a stop on a big photo blow - up of a handsome young blonde football player . it be caption Brad Wilson -- all State 1964 . in the picture he hold the ball , arm cocked back to pass for a touchdown . he look like a young , blonde Greek god . as we see this , we hear , off screen : brad ( o.s. ) ( noticeably drunken voice ) the game against mid - City , that 's the one I will never forget . fourth quarter , score be tie , and we be back up on we own 25 - yard line . the coach send in a play -- right flanker option . but I know I could throw a long one . see , I know that they cornerback be hurtin ' and ... in the middle of the above , pan down from photo to reveal the man who be brag about he past exploit . quite a shocking change from the photo . Hair thinning , surly , and possess the bloat look of a thirtyish ex - athlete go to pot , this be brad wilson . he 's talk to two classmate . suddenly , he stop and he face light up as lana pass nearby . follow he as he hurry , just a little unsteadily , to she side . as : Music : d.j. put on a record of " Earth angel . " we hear the tune but not the lyric . brad here I be , honey , and I be all yours . ( with boozy , over - bear " gallantry " ) remember when you be Queen of the prom ? all the guy have to wait in line to get a dance . ( they have reach the buffet table where Clark wait ) but now there 's only one name on you dance card , sweet thing , and it 's -- clark ( recognize he ) Brad Wilson . brad hiya , Kent , long time no see . not that you ever could . ( point to clark be glass ) " see " I mean , ( he crack up at he dumb joke ) hahaha ! brad grab lana be arm . she pull away , simultaneously slip she other arm through clark be . lana I can not ( quickly ) Clark already ask I . ( to clark ) do not you ? ( to brad , improvise ) he use to love this song . ( to clark ) do not you ? ( to brad ) so he just say -- ( to clark , a bit desperately ) " would you dance with I ? " clark sure , lana , I would love to . as they glide away onto he dance floor , lana close to clark , brad scowl , jealous and piss - off . watch they dance for a few moment . there 's chemistry there , just beginning to assert itself . int . check machine under a sign that say " webco , payroll dept . " a big check printing machine , activate by computer , be spew forth its payload " check after check come out of a slot and the stack grow higher . int . data processing computer room as before , the man with the cart be hand out the paycheck . man Gorman . another week , another check . ( give he he envelope ) gus you get another one there for I ? man ( laugh ) what ?? gus I put in a voucher for expense . think it might have come through . the man look and be surprised to find , indeed , another envelope with gus be name . man oh yeah . here you go . close on gus -- he hold the envelope in he hand , try not to show he excitement . but you can practically hear he heart pound . now , almost afraid to look , he slowly edge the check out of its envelope . he close both eye . now he open one eye and peek . insert -- on the " expense " check emerge from the envelope . first we see the name : august gorman . and then ... the amount : $ 85,789.80 ! gus ( o.s. ) ( quietly ) penny from heaven . int . smallville high school gym - night tight c.u. lana -- look right lana ( voice echoing slightly ) thanks for help I out . tight c.u. clark -- look left clark ( voice echoing slightly ) be you kid ? there must be a lot of guy who would like to be in my place . extreme long shot -- clark and lana be no longer dance . the party 's over and they be stand on top of the two tall ladder at opposite end of the now desert gym . a space at least as large as a basketball court be between they , explain the hollow ring in they voice . they talk in conversational tone , but louder than normally . they be engage in take down the decoration after the reunion ; the party 's over . crepe paper , banner . photo , etc. be come down and be stack or discard . the full bright gym light be on now ; no ambiance any more . between they be the platform that serve as the bandstand earlier ; the electric piano and some of the loudspeaker be still there . the feel be one of ' after the ball . ' ( note : throughout the follow , lana use she various tool ... claw hammer , staple extractor , etc .... with mark skill and dexterity ) . lana ( wryly ) you would be surprised how many offer I do not get . even Brad would not stick around for this . ( as she try to untack a long crepe paper streamer ) it really be not easy . clark ( think she mean the task at hand ) the streamer ? they be no problem , you just pull on they and -- he do so on a streamer near he ladder . it cascade to the floor in a great colorful heap . favoring lana lana not the streamer . everything . not that I be complain . it 's just that -- I do not know why but I feel like I can talk to you . clark ( some distance away ) what ? lana ( louder ) I feel like I can talk to you ! favoring clark -- who look pleased clark well , I always wish you would . back when you be -- ( he hesitates ) on lana -- as she reach up and take down a big , caption photo of a teenage lana and a young man ( donald ) dress as King and Queen of the senior prom . donald be grin proudly at the camera while lana gaze adoringly at he . lana ( finish clark be sentence ) Queen of the prom ? with that she drop the picture from the top of the ladder . it fall with a thud to the gym floor . lana and three year after the Royal wedding , the King abdicate . ( climb down the ladder now , suddenly look away from clark ) be not that terrible ? clark ( compassionately , as he too , climb down he ladder ) it sure be . lana ( but she mean something else , as she point to buffet table : ) there must be a gallon of potato salad leave over . she walk over to the bowl , peer into it , finally turn back to clark who have join she there . lana you know what 's the problem ? clark ( tentatively ) too much mayonnaise ? lana mayonnaise ? Donald love mayonnaise . why would you think that be the problem .? clark ( very confuse ) I do not -- lana no , the problem be -- ( heatedly ) why do I stay in smallville ? believe I , I have ask myself the same question . do you know how lucky you be to live in metropolis ? ( eye shine ) the Big apricot . clark but lana , you could -- on lana lana ( wistfully ) that 's easy to say . but how ? and what about ricky ? clark ( completely at sea ) who ? lana ricky . my little boy . at least here we have get a house . and I have get a job . okay , I be only a secretary , oaky , but it pay the bill . except for last winter when the fuel bill keep go up and up and up . ( extende she hand , eye she bare ring finger ) I even have to pawn my diamond ring then . on clark -- distress for she . clark gee ... lana ( o.s. ) ( resignedly ) I guess there 's nothing I can do about that . two shot -- but clark realize that now she 's talk about something else , as she point upward . angle up -- there at the top of the gym roof , a cluster of balloon stick to the ceiling . lana ( a little shrug ) well , we can not fly up there and get they . quick c. U. clark -- a fleeting , private smile . new angle -- as clark start to gather up the fall streamer from the floor . lana glance over at he . lana ( tentatively ) you ...um ... you never get marry ? clark oh ... I come close once . as lana start to stack stuff in the corner of the gym , clark idly turn to the piano , strike a chord . then : clark ( sing quietly , he favorite oldie ) " Earth angel , Earth angel , please be mine ... on lana -- she stop and turn , look at he fondly , smile . lana that song . I remember one day I come into the music room and you be fool around at the piano . and I think -- what be I go to do with all this potato salad ? clark ( confuse ) you think that ? lana ( go back to square one ) I think " Clark Kent have a really nice voice . " you do not even know I be there . on clark -- he stop sing , almost blush . on lana -- she have not notice . she be stand look at a photo that have not yet be take down from the wall -- that smile and serious young face of clark kent . lana ( quietly ) you know , year later you can look at someone and think , well , I guess that 's the one , that 's the one that get away . c.u. clark -- that really get to he . int . ross webster' office - day on ross webster in a spectacularly lush office , fill with amazing gadget and décor . this be we first meeting with the man himself and we quickly see he style be that calculatedly gruff " democratic " jolly camaraderie reminiscent of Nelson rockefeller . in other word , this be a guy who insist on have he servant call he by he first name , but that do not mean he would ever invite one to sit at he table . at this moment in time , the humanitarian of the Year be clearly upset about something . ross give it to I again , fella . just run it by I one more time . reverse , wide angle -- stand on the other side of the massive desk be a elderly man in a dark business suit who look extremely ill- at -ease . this be the Chief accountant of webco . mr. simpson . simpson ( extremely nervous ) 85,000 dollar . ross miss ???? simpson embezzle , Mr. webster . ( he can barely say it ) stolen from the firm . from off -screen , a strident voice that could curdle milk ring out ; it be the voice of vera webster , the sister . vera ( o.s . ) by whom ? both men turn sharply in the direction of the voice . pan to a door that connect to a anteroom . dress in a suit that somehow remind we of Joseph stalin , vera , in a foul mood , enter . vera that 's what I want to know ! by whom ? whom ???? ross get a hold of yourself , vera. ( under he breath ) nobody else ever will . simpson I do not know who . whom . I can not trace it . ( year of bitterness come out ) in the old day it be simple . we keep book , we have ledger , we could see what be go in and what be pay out . if somebody want to rob you , he would come in with a gun and say ' stick them up . " ( frustrated ) now they get these blast computer to do they dirty work ! ross my friend , you be yesterday . whoever pull this caper be tomorrow . suddenly , the door fly open and lorelei burst in , all a-twitter . lorelei Ross , honey , it 's time for you massage ... vera ( furious ) bubba , do this woman have the right to burst in without knock ...! vera be seethe with animosity : lorelei look at she with undisguise loathing . ross ( ill - at - ease ) now , Vera ...uh , Simpson , you know my staff dietician ? simpson hello . vera ( to lorelei ) if you do not mind , we be try to hold a meeting here ! lorelei why do not you hold you breath , instead ? maybe you will turn blue . on you that would be a improvement . steely -ey , vera advance on she with control fury . vera pay attention , people : I be about to take a human life . ross quickly intervene , upset at this turn of event . he keep the tow woman apart and : ross ( big , fake smile to simpson ) Old pal , would you just step outside for a sec ? simpson depart ; the two women explode in anger , simultaneously : vera lorelei bubba , I will not let Ross , tell she to stop this woman insult I ... pick on I or I will ... ross ( commandingly , in stentorian tone ) mouth ...close ! ear ...open ! ( cow , scared , the women shut up ) now the last thing any of we want be for I to be upset . right ? right ! and it upset I very much when my favorite sister a my favorite aerobic instructor do not get along . ( continue ) ross ( cont . ) ( sternly , shaking he finger at they ) now I do not want to ever see this sort of thing again or ... well , ... ( threateningly ) I can not have anyone with I who be not with I . ( reluctant murmur of assent from the women ) now ... kiss and make up . surely , lorelei purser she lip . vera I do not kiss . ross ( remember ) oh , right . well then , just shake hand . the two enemies shake hand . insert -- the hand grip and squeeze each other , knuckle turn white . two shot -- in spite of the struggle and pain , vera and lorelei smile tooth - bare smile for ross be benefit . ross ( pleased to see they be cooperate ) that 's my best gal . ( call out ) come back in , my boy . a split-second later the sweat , elderly simpson be back in the room . ross well , chum ? what now ? kiss the 85 thou goodbye ? pay some thief 's salary while he think up new way to shake the money tree ? simpson ( helpfully ) he 's bound to slip up sooner or later . vera why ? simpson uh ... I do not know ... that 's what they always say in the movie . ross pace , building up steam . a slow burn heating up . ross unless the man 's a complete idiot , he will not slip up at all . he will just go on quietly take the bread from we mouth . unless he 's a total ignoramus , he will keep a low profile and will not do a thing to call attention to himself . ( voice rise ) unless he be a utter moron ... suddenly : sound : a loud sport car motor revs up outside the window . it sound like the last lap at sebring . full shot -- ross , vera , lorelei , and simpson , startle at the sudden noise , go to the window to look out and see what it be . Pov : out the window -- the company parking lot . Zoom down one of the lane , then execute a hairpin turn , burn rubber and pull into a parking space be a incredible bright red Ferrari ... the flashiest of sport car you could imagine ; . behind the wheel still dress in he shabby , schleppy clothes , be gus gorman . ext . smallville bowling aley - day a neon sign proclaim " smallville lane " and a lettere sign announce " family rates . " int . bowling alley - day full shot -- a six - lane bowl alley . bowlers play . on the far side , in b.g. , a bar . closer on one lane -- a bunch of kide be choose up team , three to a side . there seem to be some argument go on between the two team captain about one boy who stand a bit apart , look forlorn and uncomfortable . he ' smaller than the other , like the runt in a litter , and there 's a certain timorousness about he . he have he mother 's red hair : this be lana' son , ricky . one of the team captain be look annoyed as he point at ricky . first boy ( to he opponent ) that mean we gotta take ricky . second boy too bad , you lose the toss . first boy if we gotta have ricky on we side , then we get a two strike handicap . reverse , wide : seat around the scoreboard table be a number of parent , as well as lana and clark . lana ( distress ) I just can not stand this . clark ( try to be positive ) hey , he will be all right . believe I lana , I know . I be a late bloomer myself . lana it be not only that he 's small for he age . how would you like to be the only kid in town without a father ? ( as she look in another direction ) look at he , he 's stew to the gill in the middle of the afternoon . clark ( still look at ricky ) but all he have be chocolate milk . lana I mean he . she point , and camera follows her gesture to reveal brad , tipsy , make he way toward they from the bar , a bottle of beer in he hand . brad hiya , sweet thing . ( indicate ricky ) Little guy 's get ' hassle , huh ? ( to clark , curtly ) Kent , you still here ? clark I seem to be . brad ( to lana ) all the kid need be a couple of pointer from the ol ' champ here . ( he mean himself ) Kent , I bet you do not know I win the all - country bowl trophy two year in a row . clark uh , no , I do not know that , Brad . brad a natural athlete can play any sport . any sport . and with that , he turn and head right for ricky . two shot -- clark and lana lana oh , no . this will only make it worse . new angle -- ricky , first to bowl , lift a ball from the rack . the ball be really too heavy for he to handle well , but he gamely take he position at the line and , a bit clumsily , bowl a wobbly ball . on the ball -- it pretty much run out of steam by the time it get to the pin , but manage to knock down a few . on ricky -- look disappointed . first boy see ? what would I tell ya ? as ricky go to get the ball come back on the rack for he second go , brad lurch over to he , put on a big helpful show for lana be benefit . brad hey , sport , you be holdin ' it all wrong . lemme show you -- he lean to ricky as he talk ; ricky recoil from the gust of whiskey breath . as brad try to wrest the ball from the embarrassed boy -- brad let ol ' uncle Brad show you how it 's do . clark ( sternly ) say , Brad . I think he will be better off do it he way . brad ( amaze at the effrontery ) for a guy who be lucky to be water - boy on the high school team , you sure get a big mouth , Kent . clark move closer to he to speak in confidence : move in to very tight two shot . clark ( sotto voice ) I just think ricky would rather not get a bowl lesson in front of the other kid . brad the kid need a man to show he -- clark the kid will do fine on he own . ( to ricky ) give it you best shot , ricky ! as ricky walk to he position behind the line : on clark -- who seemingly " accidentally " trip over the chalk container , knock it over . the hunk of chalk break and chalk dust rise in the air where clark try to pick it up . brad ( derisively ) Clark klutz . same as ever . on ricky -- hold the heavy ball , he advance to the line . c.u. lana -- eye avert . c.u. clark -- chalk dust on he face , he nose start to twitch like a man about to sneeze . on ricky -- he bowl the ball , rather weekly . c.u. clark -- who point he face at the line and let out a Super -sneeze . effect : the Super - sneeze cause the ball to whiz down the alley at Super - speed . it hit the pin with such impact that they break into a hundred piece like so many china cup . c.u. ricky -- astonished . and then joyfully delighted . c.u. brad -- he jaw drop . lana ( to clark ) gezundheit ! int . webco data processing CENTER - day gus seat at he computer , at work . his neighbor fred come walk down the aisle , look serious . fred Gus ? gus say what ? fred the boss want to see you . gus say who ? foot churn rapidly , gus propel he roll chair toward the exit . ext . lobby , glass elevator - day long shot -- the glass elevator begin its ascent tot he high level of management , the office of ross webster himself . Inside , little gus gorman shake and quake in full view of everybody in the lobby and at each level . int . glass elevator - day gus ( abject terror ) oh my God ! the boss ! Ross the boss ! the Ross ! at which point the elevator reach another level . see a man stare right at he , gus manage a sickly smile , which vanish the instant he rise out of the man be sight . int . outer office of ross webster - day gus step out of the elevator , nervously work he yo - yo ( a upgrade model now that he 's come into some money ; this be a plastic one ) and stand , almost tremble before the desk of a snooty secretary . a gold plaque on she desk read : ross webster chairman of the board secretary Mr. Gorman ? gus ( talk fast , in pure fear ) no ! he die last week . I just look something like he . people always make this mistake . secretary Mr. webster be wait to see you . gus he alone ? or be there , like uh ... man in uniform ...or , uh ... plain clothes . secretary please go in , Mr. Gorman . gus ( imitate he idea of a white executive - type ) say , dear , where 's the wash room locate ? I would like to freshen up a bit before ... ross be voice bark out over the intercom on she desk : ross ( o.s. ) ( intercom ) be he here yet , miss Collins ? secretary ( push intercom button ) yes sir , I be send he in . finger hi yo- yo like it be a rosary , gus enter . int . ross webster' office - day full shot -- a wall of bookcase , massively out - size chess set and various gadget . seat behind a massive desk , ross look up . ross Mr. August Gorman ? on gus -- instantly abject , plead pitifully . gus please , Mr. webster , you be a great humanitarian . ai not you hear what it 's like in they jail ? you send a innocent boy in and he get throw in with killer and robber and raper and raper killer and robber raper and ... ross Mr. Gorman , just answer I one question ... gus brace himself for the worst . ross you have be a naughty boy have not you ? ( congenial laugh ) C 'mon now , admit it , you be kinda naughty . gus ( a but surprise at he tone ) uh...yeah . I do not think of it that way exactly , but ... ross rise , walk up to the bookshelf and push the spine of one volume . suddenly the entire section of shelving revolve , revealing a complete wet bar on the other side . as he do this business , he keep speak : ross say , fella , I understand . I can -- what do the kid say this day -- " dig where you be comin ' from . " ( a chuckle ) you want to be rich , right ? gus uh ... ross now I , I be bear rich . I have never wear the same pair of sock twice . gus ( impressed ) yeah ? what do you do with them ? ross have by now pour himself a drink and one for gus . ross I believe they be launder and send to some charitable institution . I do not know what the heck they do with them . maybe they use they for dust rag , or pen wiper ... gus or sock . ross yes ! that never occur to I . ( hand he he drink ) her ya go , buddy , single - malt . ( gus downs it chug - a-lug ) Gus , my friend , you be a genius . okay , a naughty genius , but hell , nobody 's perfect . gus ' Cause I know about get ' they half - centse ? ross begin to stride about the office as he pontificate , turn away from gus , speak " to the world . " as he do , gus , feel more at ease , walk to the bar . ross because computer run the world today , pal . and the fella who can fool the computer will run the world himself ! gus lean against the bar . it instantly revolve , take he with it , and become a wall of bookcase again . gus be now trap behind it somewhere inside the wall . ross , who have not notice since he back be to the bar , just keep on talk as if gus be still there . ross I have be search for a long time for somebody who can make this machine do thing they be not suppose to do . do you catch my drift , brother ? from inside the wall , gus call for help ; he voice be so muffle , that ross just take it for a grunt of assent . ross I know you would . and best of all , you seem to be able to do it in such a way that the deed go undetected . at last the bookcase spin around and a shake gus step back in the room , just as ross turn . he never notice he absence . by the time gus have regain he balance , ross be already on he way out of the room so that gus have to rush to catch up with he . as ross head for a adjoin room : ross Gus , webco , the webster industrial complex , be a family - own cartel . a little magnesium here , a little zinc there . some railroad here , some farm machinery there . you follow ? gus ( a little out of breath ) I be tryin ' to . ross stop in the doorway . ross ( intensely ) Gus , do you know what I want now ? I want coffee ! gus ( instantly turn to get it ) Black or regular ? ross I do not think you understand . int . rooftop atrium - day ross and guss step into a enormous rooftop botanical garden , about as big as a football field , fill with a great profusion of tree , plant , flower , and bush . gus ( wide - eye wonder ) man , what be this ? ross plant . plant always make a office cozier . ross wave at a gardner pruning some bush . ross hiya , fella , how 's it goin ' ? ( to gus ) helluva nice guy , be with I for year . as they stroll , ross stop to admire a shrub , or inspect a flower bed , but keep right on talk . ross under different company name . I control the price of coffee bean in Brazil . the price in Venezuela . Java , South Korea , North Korea , the aleutian Islands , guam , Bolivia , and the Republic of gabon ! gus decaffeinate too ? as they continue walk , ross throw a avuncular , democratic arm around gus be shoulder . ross but y'see , chum , the problem I get be that one country just will not play ball with I . ( as if gus could empathize ) you know how that can just bug a guy , do not you ? gus which country ? ross ( he expression darken ) Columbia . gus Columbia . ross Columbia 's get two major export and one of they 's coffee . ( continue ) ross ( cont . ) ( put-upon ) oh , I try to reason with they . believe I , I try ! but this one miserable piss - ant little country have the gall to think they can dictate the economy of a open market ! ( " reasonably " ) Gus , dear Gus , do not you see what I mean ? we have to teach they a lesson . ( icy ) wipe them out !!! gus ( startle ) wipe them out ? ross destroy the entire colombian coffee crop down to the last bean . he stop by a shrub , look down at the soil around it . he frown , then call out to the gardner . ross yo ! over here . the gardner run over to he . ross ( suddenly terse , curt ) what 's this I see ? fall leave not pick up ? organic litter ? gardner sorry , sir , I be go to do it late -- without a word , ross slap the man sharply across the face . then , he friendly grin appear again , he put he arm around gus and they continue walk as if nothing unusual have happen ( though , a nervous gus keep look back at the gardner ) . ross so , fella ? you see the problem ? gus ( tentatively ) but Mr. webster ... you be doin ' okay with Brazil and they other place . what 's wrong with just one little old country doin ' they own thing ? ross a very wise man once say ... I think it be attila the hun ... " it 's not enough that I succeed . everyone else must fail . " ( he snap a rise in half ; gus jump ) and you be go to do it for I . gus ( scared ) me? how ? they tour of the atrium have bring they back to where they start from , the connect door tot he office . the voice of vera , o.s. , announce she presence there . vera ( o.s . ) the weather ! int . ross's office - day as ross and gus come back into the office , gus catch he first glimpse of vera , look forbid . on gus -- he instantly shrink back from this creature . gus ( to ross ) hey listen , I do not know you mama be comin ' by ... vera ( furious ) sister ! I be he sister ! ross ( to gus ) Gus , tell I , have you ever hear of vulcan ? gus ( to vera ) that what they call you ? vera ( through she tooth ) vulcan be the weather satellite we government put up in orbit to monitor the weather . ross ( eagerly ) but if somebody re-programmed it , it could do much more . vera it could make weather ! ross storm ! flood ! vera blizzard ! heat wave ! gus how do you do that ? ross like everything else in the 20th century , Gus . you push button . int . DAILY planet - day insert : a finger be push a button . it 's jimmy olsen take a picture as he say : jimmy smile ! full shot -- the subject of jimmy photo be smile so hard they cheek might burst . they be mr. and mrs . maury stokis , the winner of the jingo contest . clad in resort outfit , they be stand beneath a poster emblazon " jingo winners ! " mr. stokis I can not believe it ! it 's the first time I ever win anything ! mrs . stokis ( kittenish ) you win my hand , maury . mr. stokis yeah , sure , but this be the first time I ever win anything valuable ! new angle -- revealing jimmy , who have he leg in a cast . he hobble about he equipment , clearly not thrilled with he assignment . stand nearby be miss henderson , look delighted , and perry white . look like he would give anything to escape . miss henderson let 's get one with the sombreros , Olsen . she pop the outsize sombreros on the head of the happy couple . they instantly strike a Latin pose and grin steadily at the camera . miss henderson ( a inspiration ) Mr. White , you be in this shot , hand they they plane ticket . perry ( miserable ) why do I have to do this ? jimmy ( miserable ) why do I have to do this ? perry you ! you be lucky I do not fire you . I get a chance at exclusive on - the-spot picture of the biggest forest fire in history and what do he come back with ??? a break leg and twelve melt roll of film . jimmy it be hot ! miss henderson smile , Mr. White . mr. stokis South America ! I can not believe my luck ! they freeze in the pose as the flashbulb go off . int . ross webster' office - day gus , ross , and vera as we leave they . ross Computers talk to other computer , right ? vera somehow you twisted little mind should be able to figure out how to tap into the main computer at the aerospace Center and reach vulcan . gus ( immediately ) through the telephone line terminal , that be not nothin' . vera ( excited ) oh bubba , think of the possibility . gus what she call you ? ross bubba . ( gus tie not to snicker ) when she be three year old she could not pronounce the word ' brother ' and it come out ' bubba . ' ( grimly ) it be the last cute thing she ever do . without knock , as usual , lorelei burst into the office . lorelei do I hear somebody say " cute thing ? " gus be stupefy at the sight of she . vera ( annoyed ) she 's not he mama either . ross Gus Gorman , this be my psychic nutritionist . lorelei you be cute too . gus I be cool . I be not cute . it be not cool to be cute . gus sit down by the oversize chess set . unthinkingly , he reach out and move one of the black piece . immediately three of the white piece begin to shift square automatically realigning themselves in a new defense by some electronic gadgetry . startle , gus back away . new angle -- as ross stare at gus' reaction , behind he lorelei have happily plunke herself in he chair behind the desk . the right hand top drawer be open and she reach in to take a kleenex when vera , see she opportunity , come by swiftly and slam the drawer close with she knee , smash lorelei be finger . the later let out a shriek and pull she hand , wave she finger wildly . ross turn to see what 's the matter . vera she 's drying she nail . lorelei smile through she pain , keep shaking she hand in the air . ross ( quickly ) always make yourself beautiful for I , be not you ? ( turn back to gus ) so , Gus , can you make vulcan do what I want it to ? you do not answer I , pal . ( as gus hesitates ) do you hear about that prison riot last week ? it seem they be complain about rat in the cell ... gus ( quickly ) yeah , yeah , I can do it . ross when ? gus first question get to be " where . " ross what ? gus not " what . " do not need a genius to figure out " what . " need a genius to figure out " where . " ( a bit boastfully to vera ) he say I be a genius , you don -- ( quickly ) brother ! bubba ! you bubba ! ( as she calm down ) see , if y'all do not want they to trace it back , you get to punch this in from someplace nobody would ever think off . some little rinky - dink operation with a little mickey - mouse computer . ross it 's get to be someplace you can sneak into . vera someplace where nobody know he so they can not connect he with we . ross well , webco have a hundred and twelve subsidiary and every one of they be tie to we central computer system . how about ... hmmmm , someplace small ... ext . corner grocery store , smallville - day tight on the word " smallville " paint on a sign . pul back and widen to see the entire sign : " smallville Grocery . " wide shot -- the main shopping area of smallville . in b.g. lana be just come out of the grocery store , carry a bag of picnic supplies . in f.g. right , clark sit in the front seat of she 5 - year \-old chevy . ricky be in back , play with he very frisky puppy , buster . in f.g. left a Greyhound Bus be discharge some passengers , many carry suitcase . closer on the car -- as clark see lana struggle with the door to the store and hefting she bag of supplies . clark I will give you mom a hand . new angle -- he fling open the car door and it slam hard against the knee of a man who just get off the bus . the guy howl with pain . clark ( abash ) oh , I be sorry . as the man limp off , mutter , we realize it 's gus gorman , wear he same old beat - up windbreaker and slack , but now carry a vuitton valise . follow gus , as he walk across some railroad track that run through the center of town , look around at he surroundings . gus ( bitching , aloud ) welcome to nowhere , U.S.A . in b.g. lana and clark get in the car and drive off . hold on gus . follow he as he set off down Main Street , pass a sear type store , glance up at the window display . a mannequin-like giant Ken doll in a green and white polyester leisure suit be grin down at he . gus shudder from the bottom of he soul . hold camaera staionary as see from behind , shoulder bow , he trudge down Main Street and off into the distance . ext . county cleaing - day extreme long shot -- in a clear on the edge of acre of wave wheat , clark and lana and ricky and buster the puppy be ensconce between she car , which be park on the side of the road , and a picket fence that mark the boundary of a farm . closer -- on they picnic blanket lana be proudly set out a lot of small plastic container of homemade goody as clark sprinkle salt on a celery stalk . clark ( happily ) gee , I have not do this in year . lana some people do not think it 's healthy . clark ( earnestly nodd ) well , it 's true you have to be careful thing do not spoil , especially with mayonnaise or cream . lana Clark , I think you worry too much about mayonnaise . clark I ?? lana I be talk about salt . ( as he hesitates uncertainly ) oh , go ahead , pour it on , relax . that 's what picnic be for . new angle -- include ricky , who be pull a ball out of he pocket while buster wait , wag he tail , beside he . ricky do not they have picnic in metropolis , Mr. Kent ? clark well ... ( look around at the open field , clean air , blue sky ) not quite like this . ricky Mom and I do this all the time . and he go racing off with buster , out of frame . lana ( to clark ) it 's nice for ricky . clark settles in next to she , beginning to open plastic container . lana ( enjoy the proximity ) and even nicer when there 's a man around , which be not all that often . clark ( be the plastic container ) there 's a lot of choice here . lana no , all the good one be marry . that 's why Brad think he 's God 's gift to woman . this woman anyway . he 's single . he will not take no for a answer , but he 's the only one who 's ask . and he know it . clark ( try to straighten out the conversation ) I mean all the choice here . all this -- ( lift lid ) -- cole slaw , guacamole -- ( more and more impressed as he open for container ) this be some picnic ! camera pan away from clark , losing he from the shot , and move to lana just as ricky run to her . lana be still beam from clark be praise , as : clark hey mom , how about I ? lana find -- in the middle of this feast -- a lone , wax paper wrap sandwich and hand it to ricky with a mock sigh . as he take off again : two shot -- lana turn back to clark . holding a fork and a plastic container , he have just sample something he 's not quite sure about . lana peanut butter and jelly . clark no , thanks . lana no , I mean ricky . he 's not interested in any of this stuff . clark well , this pate be rather ... unusual . lana pate ? what pate ? ( lean over -- very close to he now -- to peer into the container ) I do not make any -- ( horrify pause ; then ) oh , no , Clark . that 's buster 's dog food . clark look at the container , look at he fork , look at lana . the look on he face be just too much for she . she start to laugh . then he start to laugh . they stop -- and then start again . she collapse against he , weak with laughter . and even when they mirth subside , they do not move apart . lana gee , I have not laugh like that since -- since -- ( she suddenly realize ) I really can not remember when . clark I neither ... they proximity suddenly make they self - conscious . they move apart and try to lighten the moment , a bit awkwardly : lana so ...how much longer do you think you will be in smallville -- clark ( he dialogue overlap hers , start a few beat back ) you know , I be just think , lana -- ( the follow line be in the clear ) -- someone like you could do do really well in metropolis -- they both stop , smile a bit shyly at each other . sound : nearby , the steady , grind motor of a giant thresher in the wheat field . ext . wheat field : long shot of the enormous thresher cut through the wheat , its great blade and roller turn . on the picnic : over the noise , lana and clark be continue they tete - a- tete . lana I suppose I have get to face it -- I be not go to find what I want in smallville anymore , but -- sound : the thresher get closer and louder . lana ( impatiently ) I can never get a way from it . clark ( follow she think about smallville ; nodd understandingly ) Old tie be hard to cut . lana no . I mean , yes they be , but I be talk about that . ( she cock she head towards the insistent sound ) wheat King . Bet you bottom dollar that 's a wheat King thresher . ( continue ) lana ( thoughtfully ) that 's the biggest change in smallville , you know . they have take over this town . everybody who be not actually work for wheat King -- like I do -- be out there -- ( gesture towards the field ) on a wheat King thresher . ( back to they conversation ; she look up at he eagerly ) do you think I could do it ? do you ? clark ( dubiously ) ride a thresher ? well , I do not know . Girls be try just about everything now but -- lana no , what you say before , could I make it in metropolis ? I have dream about it , sure , but I never really think about it . ( uncertainly ) what would I do when I get there ? clark ( smile ) call I . lana ( quietly thrilled ) oh , I would not want to -- I mean , I would want to , but I would not want to ... be a nuisance to you . on ricky -- about twenty foot away , have he own good time , tussling happily with he puppy in the tall grass . two shot -- clark and lana clark ( quietly ) hey , you could never be a nuisance . she touch he knee gently . she move toward he , closer . lana ( softly ) Clark , may I tell you something ? ( as he wait , she look away for a moment ) my oil pan be leak . he react with considerable confusion ; it be not what he expect . lana see ? ( she point under the car ) Pov : a small puddle under the chevy be get larger , dark drop fall slowly but steadily into it as : lana ( o.s. ) see ? there 's something drip . new angle -- as lana get up , in b.g. we see buster the dog run off into the wheat . ricky hey , buster ! darn it ... come back , willya ? but the dog run on and ricky start to chase he into the field . hol on lana and clark . lana the dog 's always do that . ( wryly , point to the leaky chevy ) and the car 's always do that . clark can I help ? lana open the trunk , take out a tool kit . lana no thanks . with all the trouble this thing give I , I start study up on auto repair . she slide under the car and begin tapping the undercarriage with a wrench , listen carefully . on clark -- watch she , smile . sound : the thresher grind a way , come and go , closer now and louder than lana be tapping . but clark suddenly hear something else . he sit up , frown , cock he head towards the wheat field . effect : shimmery light wave come from he ear denote super-hear in action . what he ( and we ) now hear : the plaintive insistent whining of buster out in the field . Troubled , he turn in that direction , scan the area . Pov : special effect : x- Ray vision see through the thick golden wheat , search till it find the puppy sit , whimper , beside ricky , who lay unconscious , completely hide among row of tall grain . zoom closer to ricky -- chase buster , he have trip and fall , hit he head on a jag stone jutting out of the earth beside he . there be a cut on the side of he head and he do not move . sound : suddenly the grind , thrashing noise of the giant thresh machine seem very close . aerial shot : looking down , we see the big thresher head for the plot of land where little ricky lay unseen . ext . wheat field - day low angle -- ricky in f.g. , the big thresher come fast towards he from b.g . ext . country clearing - day clark glance over at lana , but she , of course , have hear nothing unusual from underneath the car and go on tinkering . clark think I will see if I can help ricky . he get up and move casually but very quickly towards the picket fence . sure that lana be safely out of sight do she work , he dart behind the fence . effect : as he run behind the fence , clark kent turn into superman . the effect of the picket railing be like a strobe or time - lapse , i.e. , as he pass behind each rail more and more of the superman figure begin to emerge from the clark figure . by the time he have reach the end of the fence ... it 's superman ! he zoom into the sky . ext . sky - day on superman , look down . he Pov : the big thresher be get closer , closer to the unconscious child . full shot -- superman swoops down . in various quick cut : 1 . low angle -- the thresher come closer . the noise be deafen . 2 . on the front of the thresher -- we can clearly see how formidable the roll blade be . they would chew the child up in second . 3 . accelerate , superman dive down , land in front of the thresher and ... 4 . reaches out with both hand and just grab the churn blade , stop it abruptly . 5 . on the thresher driver in he cab , startle to find himself come to a sudden , jolting stop . 6 . superman scoops up the unconscious ricky in he arm , fly up into the air with he . 7 . ricky come to in mid-air , open he eye and be surprised to say the least . ricky superman ??? superman that 's what they call I . 8 . the thresher driver , in he cab , mop he brow at the near miss . 9 . superman and ricky come towards the park car . on the car -- lana still underneath . ricky ( o.s. ) Mom ! Mom ! lana slide out from under , and be astonished at what she see ... superman landing with she son in he arm . lana ( dumbfounded ) ricky ? where ... what ... superman ( indicate the cut ) I would wash that out with some iodine ... ( ricky wince ) okay , mercurochrome . lana ( try to recover the power of speech ) thank ... you . superman anytime . ricky gaze at he in wonder . lana oh. I be lana lang . this be ricky . superman we have already meet . lana and this be ... ( she look around for clark ) ... clark. ( to superman ) my friend be around here somewhere , I will just look for ... superman ( kindly ) I be sorry , I be in a real hurry . ( to ricky ) see you around , pal . with a smile and a wave , superman take off . whoosh . and he 's go from sight . ricky ( still in a spell ) we be fly !! Mom ! in the sky ! lana ( try to make sense of all this ) what be you do anyway ? ricky I be look for ... ( remember , suddenly look around , call ) buster ! buster ! sound : distant sound of yelping dog . on the wheat field -- back out , ass -first and on he hand and knee , from a open -end length of big irrigation pipe come a dishevel clark kent , hold the puppy in he arm . he stand up with difficulty and raise the dog high in the air for they to see in b.g . clark ( call ) I find he ! new angle -- as lana and ricky run to clark ricky Mr. Kent ! superman be here ! clark ( look incredulous ) what ! lana he really be ! clark ( calmly ) uh-huh . lana well , be not you excited ? clark lana , I be from metropolis . I see superman every day . ext . wheat king industrial park , MAIN office - night wide , establishing shot of one of that typical , sprawling industrial park locate on the outskirt of community all across America . the billboard in front show a picture of a farmer on a tractor and say : " wheat king farm machinery a webco company . " closer -- a remarkable sight : stand at the front door , ringing insistently on a button mark " night Bell " be a totally transformed gus gorman . he now be attire in the very green- and - white polyester suit that cause he to recoil at first sight . his look and persona be that of a typical midwestern salesman ... fast - talk , hard -sell , and square . he carry a very large suitcase . int . wheat king build - night after a moment , we see brad , in nightwatchman outfit , stumbling down the corridor , already tipsy . he walk through a microphone gizmo embed about halfway down the glass door . brad yeah ? what do you want ? gus buddy , be we in trouble . brad ( have no idea what in hell he 's talk about ) what ? gus ( talk very fast , give the befuddle brad no chance to interrupt ) first the supplier could not find the invoice . then the order come up short . then I miss the four o'clock plane from Cleveland and have to rent a car , and then I get a darn flat tire on the highway ! can you beat it ? Boy , you boss must have be furious when I do not show up by the end of the day today , huh ? on brad -- in he befog mind , he sense that something be wrong , but he have no idea what in hell it mean . brad what be you talkin ' about ? gus good lord , fella ! I be talk about you boss . brad Mr. roebush ? gus ( seemingly frantic with worry ) roebush ! that 's the guy ! buddy , he 's gonna nail we behind to the wall ! this be special order ! he say he have to have it before ... ( a sudden realization ) omigod !! what 's tomorrow ? brad Tuesday . gus tuesday ! I get to get it all set up in he office tonight before all that big shot come here tomorrow for the meeting !! on brad -- shaking he head , try to clear it . brad get all what set up ? on gus -- with a wild smile and a glint in he eye like Robert helpmann hold out the Red shoe , he snap open the lid of the valise . four shelf , " accordion " in tier , spring forward : they contain bottle of every know liquor , whiskey , and spirit in the world , plus various bartend implement ( shaker , stirrer , etc ) . as gus grin like the terrible tempter : on brad -- the expression on he face be a wonder to behold . the simple anticipatory greedy delight of a child on Christmas morning . a second later the glass door slide open with a electronic whoosh . int . wheat king plant manager' office - night some time later . dus and brad be seat at the boss 's desk . a incredible array of liquor bottle in evidence , and all open , they content sample . a similar line - up of different size glass , all use and empty . gus in the style of a slick bartender . both guy be blotto , brad a little more so . gus pour the new concoction into a glass . brad sample it . brad s' not bad , s'very good , but ... y'know what 's wrong with this ... Singapore ... thing ? gus sling . Singapore sling . what 's wrong ? brad not enough vodka in it . gus there 's no vodka in it . brad aha ! what would I tell ya ! gus what ? what do you tell I ? brad consider this a while , then hold out he glass . brad put vodka in it . gus do so , liberally . brad take a big swig . brad s'better . taste it . gus ( sip ) get vodka in it now . gotta give it a new name . hey , listen , you think it up , we will name it after you . what 's you name ? brad Brad . gus ( consider it ) Brad be not a good name for a cocktail . brad ( a idea occur ) hey ! y'know what they use to call I in high school ? gus Brad ? brad no , no , on the football field . they call I ... ( draw himself up with boozy pride ) ... the smallville flash . gus hey , man , that 's a great name for a cocktail ! they clink glass in celebration . gus here 's to the smallville flash ! brad chug -a- lug he drink , drain the glass . gus watch he in drunken amazement . gus man , you do not never pass out , do ya ? brad nope. ( he close he eye ) never. ( and he pass out ) new angle -- gus prod he , see he 's out cold . now the problem be try to get on with he business in the highly inebriated state he 's in . gus awright . key . he go over to brad , remove the key ring from he belt , start go through all the key . insert : each key be mark with a tag for its location . there be two plastic key mark Computer - a and Computer - B . gus ( mumble , puzzle ) two key ? lessee about that ... he start out of the room , take one look back ... brad totally comatose now , have slump down in he chair , half on the floor . gus huh . the smallville flash . int . corridor . wheat king office - night gus make he way , very drunkenly , down the corridor , weaving as he walk . follow he as he turn a corner , where a unexpected mirror cause he to jump back in horror , like w.c. field do a take . it 's the suit with he in it that make he shiver and say : gus man , that be terrifyingly ugly ... he enter a room above which be a sign : computer and beneath it another sign : snack . int . wheat king vending machine room - night a row of coin-operate vend machine . gus be just drunk enough to carefully check each one out to make sure . gus ( address the coffee machine ) you be not the computer , man . ( go to candy machine , examine it ) you be not neither . ( the soft drink dispenser ) not even close . he continue along the wall with the careful gait of a man try to remain upright , he stop before a doorway and open it . a broom and a mop fall out . angle in -- it 's a miniscule , five foot high broom closet , fill with clean utensil , bucket , etc . gus ( as the broom fall out ) s'cuse I . he put the stuff back , shut the door , open one remain door . Inside a small room be the office of xerox copier , a office supplies cabinet , and a small computer console . it 's just as he ask for : a little rinky - dink computer operation . gus there 's that sucker ! he enter . int . wheat king computer room - night gus sit down in front of the keyboard , shake he head try to sober up , look down , remember the key . insert : he laboriously insert one of the plastic key in its slot . on gus -- he start to touch keyboard button . nothing happen . gus hey , c'mon , man ! ( try again , no success ) now a sign on the wall above the console catch he eye . he look up at it . gud Pov : the vision , impair by booze , be blurry at first . then double-vision . then it come into focus . two keys require to operate . key - a in station # 1 key - B in station # 2 both keys must be inserted at the same time muttering he displeasure , gus stand up , wobbly , and look for Station # 2 . he find it on the other end of the console . as he start to try and insert the second key , he remember : gus " at the same time . " oh. he hold one key , poise to enter its slot , and reach around , stretch himself out , spread he leg , try to insert the second key in its slot . but the distance be too great for one man to do it . gus damn ! now what will I do ? CUT to : int . wheat king plant manager' office - night on brad -- as we leave he , pass out cold . gus enter frame , shake brad , try to rouse he . gus hey , brother ! hey , flash ! ( shake harder , but it 's useless ) Shee ... grasp brad beneath he arm pit , gus start to drag the massive bulk out of the office . int . wheat king computer room - night gus haul brad into the computer room , shove he in the general area of Station # 2 , then , with considerable trial and effort , attempt to put the second key in he hand and clench he finger around it . the general idea be this ... gus must maneuver it so that both key be insert simultaneously . in order to do this , he must position brad ... a pass - out brad ... so that he fall forward at the proper angle to insert one of the key as gus insert he . his first two try meet with total failure ; brad slump to the floor and / or collapse backwards . finally , gus come up with he own tipsy solution : to keep brad erect and correctly position , he use hi yo-yo , tie one end on brad , go back to station # 1 , hold he end of the string , then gently pull brad forward at just the right angle so that he key and gus' key enter the computer together . as they do , the display screen light up and spell out : hello gus now you wanna be friend , huh ? he start to type a program on the console . as he do : gus ( to himself ) c'mon now , Gus , sober up . c.u. keyboard -- as he finger touch button . int . various computer a series of shot of different computer in different place turn and flash and beep , etc . again , the intent be clear : gus be computer be contact other computer . int . office - day some anonymous office . a computer be evidence . a bell ring . a video display screen light up . " new information : incoming " camera on rear of machine : show the wiring lead out . pan along cable to : ext . STREET . curb outside bank - night full shot -- we be on a city street corner by a instant Cash Machine on the side of a bank . a guy , ordinary , dress in jeans and a fade sweatshirt , walk up to the machine and take a plastic bank card from he wallet . closer on he and the machine -- he insert it in the proper slot . the digital display flash the usual instruction : 1 . enter secret code ( the guy push he code ) 2 . select mode : depsoit , withdrawal saving , checking . ( the guy push the " withdrawal " button ) 3 . amount : $ 30 , $ 50 , $ 70 , $ 100 . the guy push the $ 50 button and stand and wait . SOUND : the thunk that let you know money have drop into the cash drawer . angle down -- he open the cash drawer . the packet of $ 50 in small bill be there . but as the guy start to reach for it : thunk . another fifty buck . thunk. another . and another and another and another and another ... c.u. the guy -- he eye widen in astonishment . tight angle -- the money keep drop into the drawer . pan up -- the guy stifles a yelp of joy , not want to call attention to himself . he stuff money in every available packet as fast as he can , as the cash keep drop into the drawer . he smile nonchalantly at passer by as he keep fill up . int . wheat king computer room - night gus shake he head , no , and push another key . on the video display -- it read . " clear , new program . " on gus -- start again . int . various location - day shot of computer at work . int . department store billing office - day the lettering on the office door read : macy customer billing dept . on a computerize machine dispense bill to be mail out to customer . CUT to : int . breakfast NOOK - day a husband sit at the breakfast table , look at the day 's mail . his breakfast , include a half - grapefruit , in front of he . he wife , in housecoat , seat opposite . insert : he tear open the macy 's envelope , pull out the bill . it list charge for $ 176,784.57 . full shot -- without a word , he pick up the grapefruit and jam in into he wife 's kisser . ext . lana' house - day clark kent , hold a little bouquet , stand on the porch of a typical midwestern house . lana , in she apron , have come out to welcome he . they be look at a old - fashioned porch swing . clark gee , I always love porch swing . lana I too . that 's why I put this one up . she sit in it toward the middle . he come over and ... slightly shy ... sit more towards one side . the swing instantly tilt toward that side . lana uphill , clark downhill . lana maybe it 's be better if you move over here a little ... clark slide over until the swing level off . he be very close to lana . she smile up at he . and just at that moment : new angle -- the door open and ricky stick he head out . clark and lana move imperceptibly apart . ricky hey , you wanna see my room , Mr. Kent ? lana ( a little smile ) he decorate it himself . ( now she mean the swing ) should have use chain instead of rope . clark , lose again , shake he head . int . ricky's bedroom - day on clark -- for a brief moment , a bit take aback by what he see . what he sees : a perfectly ordinary kid 's bedroom , which be not surprisingly , hang with large poster of superman that seem to be look right back at clark . c.u. clark -- the fleeting smile on he face seem to mean , " life be sure funny sometimes . " two shot ricky do you really know superman ? clark ( lightly ) we get together sometimes . ricky nod . he sit on the edge of he bed , just look thoughtfully at clark . finally : ricky Mr. Kent , could I ask you something ? clark ( ready for anything ) sure . ricky could you get I superman 's autograph ? ext . wheat king industrial park - night long shot -- all be quiet . int . wheat king vending machine room - night nobody be here . pan to broom closet door . it slowly open . gus emerge after spend the entire day wedge in the tiny , narrow space . he 's bent in what look like a permanent 45 - degree angle . he 's miserable , unshaven , uncomfortable and ... most of all ... hungover . one of the all - time hangover . moan and groan , he step out , try to straighten up and fail . then he sort of manage . gus ( clutching he head ) oh , God , this be worse and be drunk . a broom fall . the noise make he wince . gus worse and be dead . look at himself in mirror of vend machine , shudder , stick out he tongue , examine it with horror . gus Black coffee . that 's what I need . ( get coin from pocket ) gotta have it . gotta ... he put coin in the hot coffee machine . click . buzz . on the machine -- attach to the side be a stack of removable plastic cup holder . but gus do not realize he have to take one and hold it in the inset to catch the cup that will drop . the cup that drop be a point cone type . quickly gus grab it to steady it ; a instant later scalding hot coffee fill the cup . on gus -- yanking he hand out , hold the burn paper cup , in great pain . he can not hold onto it , put it down on the machine 's top , and it spill coffee on he . gus ( angry ) I know that be colombian coffee ! I just know it ! ( menacingly ) gonna fix you wagon , man . he go to the computer room . int . wheat king computer room - night he partially insert both plastic card key in they slot . then as he push one in by hand , he karate kick the other in . he sit down at the keyboard , shake he head and start to punch a program on the console . as he do : on video display : " hello " gus ah , shut up . he push some key . gus gonna get this thing right if it kill I . int . various location more computer flash and turn and work . ext . CITY STREET . intersection - day on a lot of pedestrian stand on the corner of a busy city intersection , look at the traffic light . on the traffic signal -- one of that type that have a little figure of a stand man that light up red for don't walk and a figure of a walk man that light up green for walk . the green man light up . on the people -- they start to cross the street . on the intersect corner , a similar crowd of people wait for the light to change so they can cross . suddenly : on the light -- the green light man go off and the red light man come on . on the STREET -- catch in the middle of the street , the walk people obey the signal and stop . the crowd on the other corner , obey they sign , start to walk . various angle -- halfway across , the light change again . the first group try to continue walk , but bump into the second group , now stand in they way . on the signal -- completely out of control now , thanks to computer malfunction , it go from little green walk man to little Red stop man with no discernable logic . on the STREET -- it 's like a ballet of confusion , as the hapless pedestrian bang into each other . on the light -- as the signal keep switch back and forth : effect : animation -- the little Red man lose he temper and reach down and sock the Little Green man . the Little Green man hit he back . Chaos and confusion . int . what king computer room - night a very frustrated gus seat at he little computer , try it one more time . gus ( to the god above ) oh please , let this be the one ... on the display screen -- gus type in ( and the digital letter and number show ) : xyr8 US ( after a moment ) x3 the machine make a little noise , then the word appear : inpoerative . gus ( despair ) oh , no ... he try again : xyr8 US ( after a moment ) x4 a long pause . the machine make a slightly different noise . and then , on the video display screen , come the message : hello . vulcan weather sattelite . confirmed . on gus -- triumphant at last . gus I be a genius . on visdeo display screen " request coordinate " gus type in some stuff . a new message appear : vulcan program : earthscan command . gus Command ! awright ! ( talk to the computer ) this here 's you new commander , baby . now listen good . ( start to type coordinate ) CUT to : ext . deep space full shot -- in outer space , the vulcan weather Satellite move in orbit . suddenly : effect : two laser- like beam dart out from the satellite , they scarlet ray aim at Earth . camera begins to pan down the beam till we can see the globe of earth targeted far away . ext . sky effect : time -lapse photography -- Dark storm cloud begin amass at a rapid rate . as they become a denser mass , they form the whirling cone of a tornado . int . wheat king computer room - night gus ( type away busily now ) yeah , okay , gimme the longitude here ... video display screen read : longitude 98 degree . gus and the other thing ... video display screen read : lattitude 175 degree ( then ) location : columbia south america . int . wheat king computer room - night gus be relieved and wildly excited . gus awright . now ... he push some more button . ext . border patrol station . columbia - day full shot -- a little border patrol shack . the sign above it , in Spanish , say " you be now entering columbia . passport control . " Inside , we can see one guard at he desk . outside , doze in a chair tilt against the side of the shack , be a second uniformed guard . in b.g. we see the approach tornado on the horizon . close on the second guard -- snore away peacefully . suddenly -- a drop of water hit he nose . then another . then a sprinkle begin to fall . he come awake , startle . look up in surprise . Pov : looking up -- storm cloud everywhere . suddenly a bolt of lighten . guard ( leaping from he chair ) caramba ! he run into the shack . a moment later , torrential rain start to fall . in a series of quick cut : 1 . ext . sky -- bolt of lighten everywhere . Thunder booming . 2 . ext . field . coffee plantation - day long shot of the coffee field whipped by the wind and become flood by the rain . closer on coffee plant -- lash by the gale force wind , bend and break . the furrow beneath they fill with water . 3 . tree nearby uproote , fall across the field . 4 . ext . farm , columbia - day a primitive irrigation system : a donkey tethere to a pole walk in a constant circle , cause a wooden paddle wheel to turn , scoop up water from a well and lift it above ground to the field where it cascade down the row of plow field between row of coffee plant . ( process shown in quick series of shot ) . as the storm rise , the donkey panic , break free of the rope , and run for cover as the rain start . 5 . ext . little farm house - day a small mud- hut farm house on the edge of a coffee plantation . a peasant family cluster in the doorway , fearfully watch the incredible destruction outside . closer on they -- the father hug he child to he side . behind they , inside the one-room hut we see the mother kneel and praying at a simple shrine with a little statue of the virgin . the flame from the votary candle flicker and be blow out by the wind . 6 . ext . village square , clombia - day the sky be darken here , but the rain have not yet reach the village . in wide shot we see a little church with a steeple on one side of the square , and a café on the other side . 7 . int . café , village square , columbia - day the owner and two waiter be busy decorate a wedding cake . in b.g. we see the table set for a party . 8 . int . church , village square , columbia - day in the church , a wedding be in progress . a small wedding party ( bride , GROOM , witness , family , etc. ) and the priest . reverse : in a back pew , take picture with a instamatic and thrilled to be there watch a authentic South american wedding , be mr . and mrs . maury stokis , the jingo winner enjoy they trip . she dab a sentimental tear ; he snap photo . suddenly : sound : Thunder crack . fierce wind . they look up fearfully from the ceremony as : a stain glass window break and smashes to the floor . midway during the above sequence , we begin to hear on sound track the voice of a television news commentator . t.v. commentator ( v.o. ) meteorologist be baffle by the tornado and torrential rain storm that strike the South american country of colombia this afternoon , threaten to destroy this nation 's entire coffee crop for the next five year . the loss of the major export would devastate that already strife - tear region 's economy . meanwhile , the tornado continue to pound with devastating force . gale force wind up to a incredible 200 mph lash the countryside , while 12 inch of rainfall heave already be record in just one day . at this point , we continue to see image of the destruction , but now they be image on a television screen : 9 . ext . village square , colombia - day the rain and wind hit the square full force . the church bell begin toll out of control . blow by the wind . angle up on the steeple to see it careen , clanging . 10 . shot of coffee plantation -- row after row of coffee plant bent . flood water rise . t.v. screen : begin to pull back reealing this on t.v. screen as we see the t.v. news commentator seat at he desk , look at camera : t.v. news commentator flood warning have give way to evacuation proceedings in the entire southern part of the country . a spokesman for the Department of meteorology at Cal tech here say this be , and I quote , " the most awesome display of natural force unleash since noah 's ark . " he add that the storm 's pattern seem to defy all know law of weather system to ... right around here , we begin to hear maniacal laughter off -screen . camera have pulled back to reveal the T. V. screen , but it be not yet clear where we be . the man laugh be ross webster and we hear he say : ross ( o.s. ) turn it off , turn it off ! if I laugh any harder , I will split my side . reverse . we be in : ext . penthouse . rooftop " ski resort " - day ( at this point we can't tell exactly where weare ) on ross , in snazzy ski tog , stand at the top of a ski slope . he push off and skis downhill . follow , at the bottom of the slope , recline on a deck chair , wear skin-tight ski-suit , hold a reflector to she face , to enhance she tan , be lorelei . as ross come to a stop , he send a great spray of ' snow ' all over lorelei . she shriek playfully . lorelei ooooooh , I will get you for that , you big silly ! on vera -- wince with distaste at this baby - talk baloney , she sit nearby on a chair read a book entitle : " a beginner' guide to computer . " new angle , long and wide -- as vera get up to switch off the portable t.v. set at the bottom of the slope , we get we first real look at this extraordinary set . a private " ski resort " have be construct on the terrace of the webster penthouse . while we see the skyline of metropolis in B. G. and the citizen of metropolis in summer clothing on the street below , what ross have install up here be a total winter environment . at the foot of the slope be the little swiss chalet " set " for apres-ski ; we glimpse a fireplace , a bar , etc. in there . vera ( quivering voice ) bubba , do you realize what we be onto ? ross ( happily ) do I ? every time a drunk try to sober up , he will be drink webster coffee ! c.u. vera -- eye burn with a great idea . vera ( dramatically ) why stop at coffee ! ( see the vision ) a cup of coffee get the world off to work in the morning , but what keep the world work ? lorelei diet soda ? vera Energy ! and when they say " Energy " what do they mean ? nuclear ? too dangerous . solar ?? too underdeveloped . on ross -- he eye beginning to glow with fervor as he catch on . ross you mean ... you mean ... Vera ! Vera ! the magnitude of this !!! vera ( proclaim ) today coffee ---- ross tomorrow the oil ! ext . sky . south america - day Flying rapidly toward the distant rain cloud -- it 's superman ! int . penthouse . rooftop " ski resort " - day lorelei ( slowly , sensually rub suntan oil into she skin ) oil ? ross we already have webster Petroleum pump 12 billion barrel a year . vera small potato . ross we already have a super- tanker . vera Chicken feed . ( brandish she computer manual ) if Gus Gorman can push the right button --- ross ( fire up , see the vision ) I could have it all ! Holy cat ! all the oil ! all the tanker ! all the pump ! the gosh -darn world will be out to lunch ! no heat , no gas - -sis , this be some nifty idea ! at which point gus enter , flipping a fancier yo - yo ( the walnut executive model ) , look very nervous and disturb about something . gus hey , boss . ross just the man I want to see ! gus turn on the t.v. ross I do . be not it neat -o ? gus ( look at ross like he 's nut ) uh ... what channel be you watch ? ross what be you talk about , fella ? gus walk over and turn on the t.v. the t.v. news commentator be face appear . t.v. news commentator ... and in a all - out effort , superman have be simply awesome . awesome in he power . awesome in he strength . awesome in he ability to single - handedly reverse this wave of terror and save little colombia from the brink of destruction . one man -- a super man , to be sure -- be take on the very force of nature 's fury and , at this point , he seem to be win ! ( first image of superman at work appear on t.v. screen , then go to normal film frame ) a series of quick cut : 1 . battle through turbulence , with tremendous bolt of lighten around he , superman fly through the colombian sky . 2 . ext . village square , colombia - day the little church , buffete by the storm , be start to collapse . the mud - stucco facade crack , begin to sag and crumble . just as the façade start to go , mr. and mrs . maury stokis come barrel out of the church , hell - for-leather . he turn and try to take one last snapshot of the spectacle . mrs . stokis maury ! forget the picture ! the wall fall on top of they and they be lose from sight . moment later , the wedding party , run for they life , come pour out of the church . buffete by the gale - force wind , soak to the skin , they try to cross the square to the relative safety of the café across the way . angle up -- a tremendous gust of wind loose the bell from its mooring in the steeple . the tremendous iron bell go fly across the square , head right for the flee bride and GROOM . superman zoom in and just in time catch the bell in he arm before it get to the people . effect : the vibration of the bell cause superman to vibrate at a rapid rate . accompany by ... sound : incessant clanging of the bell . 3 . ext . coffee plantation , filed - day long shot -- the field flooding with water in the furrow row between the coffee plant . superman land at the end of the field a : effect : Ray of heat -vision dart from he eye and sweep across the field . the result be astonish : he have dry up all the water . 4 . on the water wheel -- superman grab the strut that be attach to the donkey and begin run at Super -speed in the opposite ( counter - clockwise ) direction . in a series of shot , we see the effect reversed : the water in the affect furrow be draw back into the paddle wheel and deposit in the underground well . 5 . omitted 6 . ext . sky superman fly up into the heart of the storm and begin to blow the cloud . effect : Super - breath ( time lapse photography ) blow the terrible dark cloud away , push the storm up into the stratosphere where it can do no more harm . 7 . ext . sky and space now superman begin to fly straight up , head for space . follow as he pass through the cloud . 8 . ext . coffee field - day long shot -- the storm be over . the sun come out . the sky be blue . bird chirp . effect ( time lapse photography ) : coffee bean ripen from green to rich red . on the penthouse . rooftop " ski resort " - day enrage at what he have just see on the screen , ross let out a shriek . ross no! no! no ! in he fury he pound the arm of he fold chair so hard that it fold up with he in it . ross ( thrashing around , enraged ) it be perfect ! it be the perfect plan ! it be foolproof . as she beat lorelei in a footrace to see which one will reach rod + ss first to help he out of he fold chair , pan to gus . look miserable and out - of - it , he be talk to himself ( nobody else be pay attention to he ) as he wander over to a pair of skis with boot attach lay nearby . gus ( aloud , but to himself ) just a matter of time ' till they start blamin ' I . that 's always what happen . he slip he foot into the ski boot , curious to try they . follow he as he start to walk clumsily up the slope , try to master he balance in this odd footwear . gus ai not my fault , I do what I be suppose to do . ( climb up awkwardly ) everybody blame it on I when they start lookin ' to get it off themselves . some kid in the classroom blow a spit-ball , who get send to the principle 's office ? Gus Gorman . he continue up the slope , foot splay wide apart , slip and slide , he be petulant , self - pity . ross he ruin it ! that lousy do - gooder , he ruin it . vera do not cry , bubba . ross stomp off into the snow , feel sorry for himself . favoring lorelei -- annoyed at vera' ass -kiss , she stand up hold a steaming mug of mull wine that have be sit on the table beside she . she dip the cheese - cloth bag of spice ... like a outsize tea-bag ... that have be seeping in the cup , then take it out . carry it by its string ( it be drip boil hot wine and wave of steam be rise from it ) , she stoops beside vera and seem about to drop the hot bag in vera' wastebasket . instead , she drop it on the unsuspecting vera' outstretch hand . which bring vera leaping and scream to she foot , she burn hand fly into the air . vera aieeee ! ross spin around , to see vera in this agitate position . lorelei ( quickly ) Vera 's practice she karate . try to put a good front on it , vera have no choice but to continue with a series of cry and arm chop . but she use the last two to give lorelei a genuine karate blow in the gut . lorelei double over . vera , pretend it be just the usual bow ritual at the end of a karate exhibition , also bow . ross Nice try , butch , but it would not be effective against superman . ( railing ) you will see ! now that he 's pull this stunt , he will stick he nose in my oil scheme and ruin that one , too ! I have get to get rid of he ! I have get to ! vera how ? shoot he ? you know about he and bullet . not to mention knife , tank , bomb ... on gus -- laboriously try to get to the top of the slope , still mutter he monologue . gus apartment in the project get break in , who get haul into the line - up ? Gus Gorman . new angle lorelei ( suddenly ) kryptonham ! all turn to she . all what ? lorelei kryptonham ... ( unsure ) or kryptonheimer ... I forget what you call it , but it 's the stuff that can kill superman . vera ( contemptuously ) how would you know ? lorelei ( off minded ) hey , I know a lot of thing ! vera so I understand from the graffiti I have see . ross wait a minute ! she 's right ! kryptonite . I remember read about it in a interview with he . ( crestfallen ) nut ... vera what 's wrong ? ross I just remember the rest . there be not any more . the only chunk that ever land on Earth disappear a couple of year ago . it be in this story in the Daily Planet . vera where do it come from ? ross the planet superman come from . krypton . on gus -- at the top of the slope . gus it be not . it 's nowhere . it blow up . that 's how come they ship the dude to Earth when he be a baby . ( pause , as they all look oddly at gus ) well . I know some stuff too , y'all . ross wait a second . astronomer know where the planet use to be , right ? and you know what happen when a planet explode ? debris . piece float in space . vera so ? ross so all we have get to do be pick up the garbage . ( warming to it ) we just have to find we where in Heaven krypton use to be . then good old Gus here contact the vulcan satellite -- angle up on gus - at the top of the ski slope , assert himself . gus just hold on a minute . I have be doin ' some thinkin ' ross God , that 's what I keep you for . gus that 's what I be thinkin ' about . how you be keepin ' I . ( pause : nervously but bravely ) I be not get ' nothing outta this gig . ross Gus , if there 's anything I hate , it 's greed . gus ( outrage ) greed ! ( extremely agitate ) let I tell you something --- in he burst of anger , he lose he equilibrium and suddenly start to plummet down the ski slope . ext . webster penthouse , build - day long shot -- gus go zoom down the slope at great speed . with no pole and no knowledge of how to stop , he keep go right off the roof , sailing out into the air . at the end of he trajectory , gravity take over . he fall straight down ) camera pan down to watch ) ten storey and land on a awning above the doorway of the apartment building . this , in turn , function as a min-slope , and he skis right off it and land in the middle of the street . on he STREET : Cars brake to a halt ; pedestrian be startle to see a man on skis suddenly landing in they midst . gus , once he 's realize he 's all right , try to carry it off as if he know what he be do all along . he saunter off down the road with a force display of cool , if you can call a guy on skis clomping down a city street " saunter . " as we watch gus clomp away , ross's dialogue continue as a voice - over as we see : ext . deep space as he describe it , chunks of glow green kryptonite drift in space . int . webco data processing CENTER - day as we see gus back at he old , original spot , mutter to himself as he roll up he sleeve and begin to play the computer like a wurlitzer , ross be voice - over continue : ross ( v.o. ) once Gus contact the vulcan satellite , he order it to search through outer space around where krypton go bye-bye . during the above speech , gus be coordinate appear on the computer display screen : locate and search X galaxy at 3500 light year . a beat . then , as he punch more button , another message appear on computer display screen below the first : analyze component element of kryptonite particle . another beat . the display screen goe blank . gus wait , and then a answer appear on the display screen : instruction received . . . effect : blip on display screen : message continue on display screen . scanning . . . the satellite shoot a beam out and up . follow the beam through the deep blue , still faintly sunlit atmosphere and up into the eternal night of deep space . ext . deep space - night the search satellite beam discover glow green particle of kryptonite drift in this very distant darkness . as it play over they like a flashlight : ross " S voice - over dialogue continue : ross ( v.o. ) then the laser probe simply lock onto a float chunk of kryptonite , the computer analyze the component and the boy in the lab duplicate the stuff down here . int . webco data processing CENTER - day as we hear various hum , click , and whirring noise : on the blank computer display screen ... it begin to show a message : kryptonite ... a intense heat fusion of : below it quickly print the composition , element by element : plutonium . . . 15.08 % tantalum . . . 18.0 % xenon . . . 27.71 % promethium . . 24.02 % c.u. gus -- watch gleefully . gus uh-huh ! uh-huh ! on computer display screen -- the computer have add to the list : dialum . . . 10.62 % MERCURY . . . 4.08 % sound : the whirring and click stop . gus smile broadly as he reach to tear off the printout sheet . he 's do it ! but suddenly : sound : the whirring and click begin again . the printout sheet emerge a little further as a addition to the list appear on the computer display screen : unknown . . . 0.57 % he ponder a moment . look down . see something . insert : a pack of he cigarettes on the table beside he . it 's one of the low - tar brand and we see the list on the package : nicotine 8 % , tar 5 % . close on gus -- he take a electronic eraser ( a pencil- like gadget , attach by wire to the machine ) and carefully rub it across the line on the video display screen just where the word " unknown " appear . then he type in a new word : tar . . . 0.57 % gus he be not gonna smoke this stuff , so what the hell ... he carefully tear the printout sheet . widen shot as he leave the data processing CENTER and head down the corridor . follow he until : int . webco , MAIN office . corridor - day gus stop at a door mark : webco -- research and development after a beat , the door be open very slightly by a white - coated scientist . gus ( give he a bright smile and the alter printout sheet ) the boss say he want this to go . int . DAILY planet , CITY room - day look absolutely furious , mr . stokis be make he way with considerable difficulty past the desk of reporter , head for perry be office . the considerable difficulty be due to the fact that ( a ) he have one leg in a plaster cast that go up to he hip , ( b ) he walk with a crutch to help he , ( c ) he have one arm in a sling and ( d ) with he other arm he be propelling before he a wheelchair contain mrs . stokis , who have both leg in a plaster cast as well as a neck brace . follow they , try to stop they , be a desperate miss henderson . mr. stokis where be he ? he will pay for this ! ( scream ) get you wallet out , Mr. editor ! miss henderson ( try to stop he ) please , Mr. stokis , it be not Mr. White 's fault if --- mr. stokis do not touch I ! as they continue out of frame toward perry white's office in b.g. hold on clark -- who look up momentarily from he typewriter then go back to work intently on he reunion story . clark ( try a line out loud ) " Old relationship suddenly seem the same as ever . " ( a little smile as he write ) " the prettiest girl in the school be still the prettiest girl ... " sound : the phone ring . clark grab it . clark ( into phone ) hello ? ( happily ) lana ! hey , I be just think about -- ( he smile turn to a worried frown ) what 's wrong ? ... what about ricky ? int . lana' live room - day on lana -- upset , talk on the phone . lana well , that autograph you get he from superman -- he get really carry away after that and tell the other kid that superman 's he pal . and he say superman 's even come to visit he for he birthday next Wednesday . ( catch a breath ) okay , it be wrong . but when Wednesday come ... and superman do not ... int . ricky's bedroom - day a very forlorn and ashamed ricky stand in he doorway , listen . int . DAILY planet , clark kenta desk - day on clark clark ( into the phone earnestly ) no , well in this case I think I can speak for he . ( hastily ) I mean , I be pretty close to he , you know . ( firmly ) superman will be there on Wednesday . int . lana' live room - day lana ( into the phone , she voice tremble with happiness ) well , he 's go to get the best home - cook meal he 's have in ... in a long time . you tell superman we think he 's wonderful . int . ricky's bedroom - day ricky be face light up with joy and relief as he understand . lana ( softly , into the phone ) but Clark ... you be the best . int . DAILY planet , clark kenta desk - day on clark -- hang up slowly . no one ever say that to he before . behind he , and for some time now , a considerable commotion have be go on in perry be office . camera now zoom past clark to see perry and mr . stokis in a scream match , while a distraught miss henderson wring she hand and a immobile mrs . stokis just sit in she wheelchair . mr. stokis bad luck ??!! I will give you bad luck !!! I be suing you ! I be suing you paper ! I be suing she - -- ( point to miss henderson ) and I will take it to the Supreme Court if I have to !! perry it be not we fault . it be a act of God ! mr. stokis in a church ????!! int . webco industries MAIN office . SMALL empty office - day on gus -- wait in a little room practice he yo-yo . by now he 's finally master up - and -down and be into ( badly ) some trick like " walk the dog . " he make a few try and almost jump when a finger tap he shoulder sharply from behind . widen to two shot -- the white - clad scientist to whom gus give the formula be hold a laboratory tray with a glow green chunk of kryptonite on it . he set the tray on the desk in front of gus . scientist ( very superior ) here you be . I can not imagine what you want with it , but you have get it . he leave . gus eye the kryptonite warily , finally force himself to reach for it , and pick it up so gingerly that he almost drop it . which redouble he terror ... until he suddenly realize . gus hey , what be I scared of ? I be a earthling . ext . smallville MAIN STREET . wooded platform - day c.u. ricky -- dress in he Sunday best and burst with pride . pull back to three shot -- ricky could not be happier , with he mother on one side and superman on the other . they be all seat on rather narrow , rickety fold chair , smile out at US . superman ( to lana , vaguely embarrassed ) you know , I really be not expect all this . lana well ... I guess they do get a little carry away . continue pullback to wide shot to reveal how smallville get " carry away . " a wooden platform , the type they put up for 4th of July speech and ceremony , have be erect in the middle of Main Street . seat there , in addition to superman , lana , and ricky , be local dignitaries look pleased as punch . the mayor be clear he throat at a microphone . a table have be set up beside he and on it be some gift for superman . a banner , stretch across MAIN STREET , read " smallville welcomes superman . " crowd around the platform be townspeople , young and old . a few yard away the high school marching band , brass button gleam , await they cue . mayor superman , we all know you be not look for honors and award . but when we hear that you be come to see you pal ricky ... c.u. ricky -- grin so wide it almost split he cheek . mayor ... we realize this be we chance to say thank you . first , for put out a forest fire that could have ruin mile of timberland . second , for averting a terrible tragedy at the iroquois Trail nuclear power Plant . and not least , for save little ricky . so , since you already have win the key to we heart , superman , may I present you with ... ( pick up a presentation box from table , open it , take out a big gold - plate key ) ... the key to the city . superman rise , gratefully accept it , hold it for the crowd to see , then put it down on the table . applause . people with instamatics and Polaroid snap away . mayor not to be outdone by the office of the Mayor , the lady ' auxiliary would like you to have ... ( he hand he a spiral - bound thin volume ) ... the smallville cookbook . superman take it , graciously decline the offer of the microphone , and smile at a gaggle of lady in the front row . on the lady -- smile back , thrilled , like senior groupy . superman thank you , lady . I be sure this will come in handy . suddenly , a burst of music come blast out nearby and come closer : stir military martial air like " the caisson go Rolling along , " blaring through loud - speaker . all head turn , startle to see : angle down the MAIN STREET -- come toward the review stand be a khaki - color car ( or jeep ) , the word U.S. army stencile on the door . one of that loudspeaker of the type use by car travel around town advertising election or concert be mount on the roof and be the source of the march music . as the car get closer to f. G. we see that the driver , in wac uniform be vera . seat in the back seat , wear the uniform of a 5 - Star General with all the accouterment we associate with General patton ( white " dress " helmet , ascot foulard , jodhpur , swagger stick in hand ) be gus . new angle -- the car come to a screeching halt by the review stand . considerable curiosity from the crowd as vera , in crisp no - nonsense manner , step out and command : vera ten-hut ! the crowd , condition by year of watch war movie , instantly and unquestioningly , rise to attention . upright in posture , authoritative in manner , slapping he swagger stick against he side , gus survey the crowd with a air of critical skepticism , then mount the platform . on superman -- a bit curious himself at all this . beside he the mayor be stand stiffly at attention as if he spine would snap . group shot -- total silence . gus stride across the platform as if surveying he troops , scowl a bit . then do what he think be a gesture of authority and command : he slap the side of he leg with he swagger stick . he do it too hard , though , and it hurt . a fleeting look of pain , which he try to conceal . then , to the podium : gus ( use a patton - like voice and delivery ) listen up ! I have come here direct from the Pentagon so you better believe there 's a damn good reason ! I be here to tell you that God have give we the great goddamn gift in the world : nuclear power ! but if we do not protect it , it 's we ass ! and democracy 's ass ! and the free world 's ass ! the old lady look a bit shocked ; the men in the crowd nod with patriotic fervor . gus you people want to be able to go to church on Sunday and sit in the Super bowl , do not you ? ( he pound he swagger stick on the podium for emphasis ; it break ) but what about the peacetime use of nuclear power ? you all want some ay-rab in white robe tellin ' you you get to pay through the nose for they cadillac limousine so you can get enough juice to light up you Christmas tree ??! not to mention the nice clean air so the great american bald eagle can fly without coughin ' himself to death ! on superman -- listen , think about it . gus now last week half this great nation almost bit the bullet , nuclear - power- wise . be not anything the military could do about it -- we be busy protect we border at the time it happen . so I say , thank the good lord above for superman ! applause . superman look humble , a bit chagrine . gus just when it look like curtain -- and I do not mean just the Iron curtain , I mean all the curtain ! -- along come this great american ! ( point to superman ) superman , you save we bacon . we want to show we gratitude . gus snap he finger imperiously at vera , who stand below the platform . on vera -- snarling at have to play this subservient role , she mount the platform , carry a wooden presentation box about a foot high . she hand it to gus . gus I want to present you with this token of appreciation for what do to stop the disaster at iroquois Trail . it 's you government 's way of say , " hey buddy , you do real good . " he open it . there , glow and gleam against the velvet background , be a small statue in the shape of the nuclear plant cool tower we see earlier . we recognize its green glow immediately as the kryptonite we see before . on superman -- as he lift it out and hold it aloft , we hear the crowd ooh and aah . but as he take the statue out and study it : effect : insert -- the gleam suddenly die . in he hand , the statue go dull and then darken to a sinister , poisonous greenish - black . on superman -- a little uncertain but otherwise unchange . he eye the ugly , burnt - out shape and summon all he good will to say : superman thanks . General . it 's ... swell . tight c.u. gus -- he eye flicker and blink in momentary panic as he realize superman be not drop dead . gus ( quickly , lose he cool , sounding less patton- like now ) well ...uh ... I be not get no time to stick around for the corn - on - the - cob and square dance or whatever it be you people do . we get to get back to the base for ... uh ... well , I can not tell you what for , it 's top secret . quickly he descend , vera behind he , and look a bit shook up , get in the car . vera , just before she get behind the wheel , turn to the crowd . vera at ease ! siddown ! the car drive away . the crowd cluster around superman . ext . STREET in smallville - twilight on gus -- walk disconsolately on a desert street in smallville , mutter to himself , kick at a tin can . gus " unknown , " how be I suppose to know what ' unknown ' be ... ahead of he , on the corner be a pay phone . he enter it , sigh heavily with the burden on he mind , drop in a bunch of coin and dial . gus hello , boss ? ... you know how people 's always tryin ' to copy that secret recipe for that fry chicken they sell in they bucket , but nobody can figure out the secret ingredient ? int . ross webster' office - twilight c.u. ross -- on the phone as he desk . he be livid , furious . ross he do not die ???? I ask you to kill superman and you be tell I you could not even do that one simple thing ??!!! ext . lana' house - twilight the car park in the drive , light on in the house . int . lana' house . live room - twilight superman be relax after a early supper , sit on the sofa and leaf through a photo album . pan to see lana as she tiptoe out of ricky be room . lana he be asleep before he head hit the pillow . ( smile ) well , this be only the biggest day of he life . I really do not know how to thank you . superman you just do , with that great dinner . lana ( almost blush ) oh well , I do like to cook . you will take some coffee , will not you ? ( quickly ) decaffeinate , of course . and she disappear into the kitchen . sound : a telephone ring in the kitchen . we hear lana murmure faintly , occasionally , as : on superman -- he sit up , frown . he press he eye and shake he head as if to clear it , as if he suddenly have a headache or get dizzy . but this move do not seem to help much . he just sink back into the sofa , look as if he really be not feel like himself . lana hurry back in , very upset . lana ( almost in on breath ) superman , I be sorry . I really hate to cut this evening short , but ... my friend Betty just call ! there 's be a accident on the old River Bridge . a tank truck fill with acid turn over ! it 's leak acid and they be afraid the bridge be collapse ! ( as if she be impose ) I be sorry . I hate to make you rush off ! but superman do not move . he just sit there , eyeing she very deliberately . superman ( quietly ) there 's no rush . lana ( surprised ) but the bridge ... superman hey , do not I always get there in time ? ( as lana nod uncertainly he smile and pat the sofa ) come on , relax . tighter two shot -- as she sit down beside he , he casually move closer and smoothly slip a arm behind she , almost touch she . superman it 's hard to believe ... a great look girl like you all alone like this . as she glance up at he , she be first flustered , then flatter , then ... finally ... just realistic : lana listen , be you sure you should not do something about the bridge ? on superman superman ( vaguely ) the bridge ...? ( suddenly , as if come out of a trance ) I would better get go ! and he rush out . hold on lana , look after he , still troubled . ext . river bridge , smallville - twilight just as lana say , a big tank truck have turn over on its side . danger --acid be paint on the tank , which have indeed sprung a considerable leak from a crack in the side . acid be trickle out with accompany hiss steam and bubbling corrosion effect . a emergency crew be do its best , try to spray water from a hose to keep the acid from eat away the piling . but : closer -- the acid drip onto the support system of the bridge and be eat the old metal away right before we eye . longer -- the bridge start to sway dangerously and the piling begin to buckle . police car , firetrucks there . ropes have be attach to the bridge structure , and guy be hold fast on shore . on the guy -- many of they hold wet cloth over they face to protect they from the terrible acid fume . smoke curl back in they face as they valiantly try to stem the inevitable . first guy it will not hold ! it 's go ! a sheriff ( into a bullhorn ) clear the area ! clear the area ! sound : a deep rumbling as the bridge start to go . emergency crew chief get down ! on the bridge -- it sway precipitously , then the piling crack and crumble and the bridge collapse , take the tanker with it . on the watcher -- aghast at the destruction . pan up to the sky -- fly over the horizon , come toward the area , be superman . new angle -- he land on the river bank . although we can not as yet quite be certain , especially in this half - light , it seem that the color of he costume have darken almost imperceptibly , the blue just a shade deeper , the red a bit darker , his hair seem a little out of place , but then , that might be from the wind ... superman ( as he land ) what ... ( look at where the bridge use to be ) what can I do to help ? on the emergency cew and police -- they look at he , disappointed and , frankly , a bit surprised . sheriff not much of anything now . emergency crew chief if only you would get here a few minute ago . on superman -- he look away from they eye . he seem troubled , puzzle . how could this have happen ? ext . STREET - pisa , italy - day on the corrugate awning of a souvenir stand as two hand roll it up . as the interior be reveal , we see the content of the shelf : row and row of cheap plastic souvenir lean tower of Pisa , all lean identically ; row and row of picture postcard with the same identical view . pull back and widen to reveal a italian shopkeeper admire he stock as he get ready for the day 's tourist . continue to widen : now we see in the distant b.g. be the real lean Tower of Pisa , tilt at the same familiar angle as all that plastic replica . as the man hum happily , zoom past he to the real tower , then continue to zoom past the tower to a approaching blue dot in the sky . ext . sky above pisa - day superman be come this way , and now there can be no mistake it : he outfit be change color , become a little darker in its hue . and there 's a slightly different cast to he feature , maybe a bit draw , as if he would have a hard night . but he do not really look that different ... except for a funny glint in he eye . effect : a quick flash , almost subliminal ( a few frame at most ) of the honest , clean - cut face of clark kent appear behind superman be alter feature , then disappear . as he look down , a slow , mischievous smile start to form on he face . he Pov : the lean Tower of Pisa ahead . on superman , flying -- he chuckle to himself as the idea come to he . then he abruptly change course and start a rapid descent . new angle , wide , full shot -- approach the top of the lean Tower , superman extend he arm and , brace himself in midair , start to push the Tower upright . he continue , quietly chuckle as he do so . ext . souvenir stand , pisa - day as in the openig shot : the shelf of the stand right , the owner stand there dusting they , the real lean Tower in b.g . but now , as he stop dusting to make a automatic look at the source of he success , a remarkable thing be happen , slowly , inch by inch , superman push it into a upright position . the lean Tower of Pisa be not lean anymore ; it 's just another Tower . the italian entrepreneur look , go back to he work , then do a incredible double - take . souvenir seller mamma Mia ! he clutches he heart melodramatically . Pov : superman fly overhead , the deed do . he seem to be grin mischievously . on the souvenir seller -- hysterical , smash he ware off the shelf , make vile and obscene gesture at the retract figure of superman : souvenir seller Super -cretino ! stronzo !... montage : newspaper the classic montage of spin newspaper that come to a stop so that we can read the headline . the effect be to show how superman be strange behavior be create a scandal all over the world . thus : a french newspaper headline read : le scandal do superman . then a japanese one , show the lean ( straighten ) Tower of Pisa . and so on . then , spin out of limbo , the cover of time magazine . it show a portrait of superman , but in place of usual " S " on he chest , there be a question mark ( " ? ) . the banner line on the cover read : superman : goodness at the crossroad int . ross webster' office - day ross and lorelei be use the gym equipment in the office and be appropriately attire ; he in a sweat suit , she in mind - boggle spandex leotard . he 's run in place on a treadmill with a pedometer attach ; she 's lean forward at a sharp angle , pull on rope attach to counter - weight behind she that be stack on a nautilus machine . vera sit at the desk in she usual ninotchka suit , read aloud from the time magazine just see . vera " at a special session of the General Assembly , 178 country vote to censure superman . with only Columbia abstain . " ross that fella 's become a public menace . lorelei ( bend , pull ) and he use to be such a sweetie pie ! what 's wrong with he the last two week ? vera " casually " extend she foot and kick the toggle bolt that hold the weight in place . lorelei , lean forward with suddenly no tension on the rope , she pull , fall forward flat on she face . ross turn to see what happen . instantly , vera begin count : vera time for you push-up . 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and 1 and 2 and ... lorelei , smile gamely , immediately start do push-up . ross ( beam ) that 's what I like to see . my two best gal pull together . new angle -- revealing gus gorman sit in a corner of the room . he be sketching something on the back of a envelope , which he put back in he pocket as he say : gus he sure be not actin ' bad and nasty that day in smallville . man , he be so full of niceness I be startin ' to feel funny about layin ' that chunk of ... on ross ross ( suddenly ) kryptonite ! gus huh ? ross , with a expression of " Eureka ! " hop off the run treadmill , he body momentum , however , keep he run in place . and ... two shot , full length -- without even think about it , gus automatically start run in place beside he , as they talk , to " keep up with he " and be polite . ross do not you see ? okay , so you do not kill he . nobody 's perfect . but that stuff we run up in the lab be not a complete failure after all . ( explain ) right after Gus give it to he , superman start to turn into a selfish , ornery , malicious , connive ... vera ( summing it up ) a normal person . ross and now that superman 's out of the Nice guy business ... vera we can get to work on that oil ! ext . olympic stadium - day establishing shot ( stock footage ) : a great stadium with banner announce the Olympic Games . ext . olympic stadium - day inside the stadium ( stock footage ) : the stand fill with people . the field fill with team from every country hold they flag , wear outfit . it be the open ceremony . on the tower at the far end of the stadium , with the long pyramid of step lead up to the as-yet-unlit Olympic flame . we recognize immediately this often-seen ceremony . in long shot -- a runner , the man pick to light the Olympic flame , which will burn throughout the Games and which signal the open , run up the long flight of step carry in he have the Olympic torch that have be pass from runner to runner on it 's journey toward this ultimate moment . as we watch this ceremony reach its stir conclusion , we hear the voice of a announcer on t.v. or radio : announcer ( v.o. ) and now , the supreme moment as the last runner ... the one give the great honor of lighting the Olympic flame ... run the last leg of a marathon that begin 7 day ago as this torch have be pass from athlete to athlete for 970 mile across the country . as the runner ascend to the top step and raise the torch high to light the giant dish where the flame will burn : reverse : zoom to superman -- stand on the floodlight tower on the opposite side of the stadium , on top of the wall . his costume be definitely darker now , the blue become prussian blue , the red deepen to a maroon . his hair be uncomb , and he feature look darker , tougher , as if he have not shave for a few day . with a look of pure malevolence , he : effect : blow a gust of Super - breath . on the runner -- the breath blow out the Olympic flame . sound : a gasp from the crowd . and the runner , terribly confuse and upset , have to turn and run down the great stair , still carry the torch , to go get it re-lit somewhere . int . ross webster' office - day lorelei be all alone in the office , seat at a table , deeply immerse in a book . closer on her : the book she 's read with such interest be immanuel Kant 's critique of pure reason . lorelei ( aloud , puzzle ) how can he say that pure category have no objective meaning in transcendental logic ? what about synthetic unity ? suddenly , as she hear the door open , she hide she book behind a Movie gossip magazine and immediately assume she persona of empty-heade sex - pot . wide shot -- as ross , vera , and gus enter . lorelei hi , honey , be I in you way ? ross ( in fine fettle ) no , stick around , you might learn something . ross press a button . suddenly the wall of the office flip over and become enormous mural - size illuminate map with electronic blip . the entire room be , in other word , rapidly transformed into a " War room " a la Dr. strangelove . camera on a wall - size map of the world , show all the ocean of the world . illuminate green miniature image of oil tanker be scattered on all the body of water . pull back to reveal ross , a pointer in one hand , a remote control device in the other , as he point to the map . ross every oil tanker and super - tanker and super- duper - tanker in the ocean be control . totally , by computer . Computers to tell they where to go , how much oil to take on , where to deliver it . gus they be not get captain ? ross yes , but they do not really need they . it 's just a throw - back to some sentimental sea - faring baloney . vera you will command the tanker to sail toward a 50 - mile area in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean . gus and do what ? ross and do nothing . just sit there . gus then how 's all the people gonna get they oil ? ross ( grin ) you catch on fast , old buddy . ( to vera ) tell he about the pump . I know how you love the part about the pump . vera take the remote control clicker from ross , click it . on the map -- the map of the world 's ocean disappear and be replace by a glow , illuminate map of the United States . Little miniature oil derrick be show cluster in all the oil - produce area of the country . vera every pump in America be run ... gus I know , by computer . vera will you stop interrupt ?! ( calming herself ) you will command the pump to stop pump . ross ( gleeful ) and then shut down the pipe line . gus pump stop pump oil . pipe line stop pipin ' oil . tankers stop deliverin ' oil . man , this be high stake . ross ( flatter ) thanks , kiddo . now , listen , this part 's important . I want you to program one special command into all this system . tell they this order be irreversible , so it will be impossible for anybody to switch they back . can you do that , pal ? on gus -- a pause . he look upset about something , building up he nerve to say it . then : gus lookit , you be get ' what you want all the time . it be not right that I do not get something ' ! I never get something ' ! ross I know it , I know it , go be nice to people and they think they can ask for the moon ! gus ( het up ) the moon ! listen , man , when I be a little bitty kid all my friend get they electric train for Christmas . my mama do not have barely enough to pay the electric bill , let alone buy I no train set . vera this sound like it 's go to be sad . I be leave . she leave the room . gus now ... when do I get a taste ? ross ( naked threat ) I should think a taste of freedom be enough , do not you ? or would you prefer jail ? gus ( defiantly ) do not lay that jail number on I no more . you need I out here doin ' stuff for you more and sitten ' in no jail doin ' nothin ' for nobody . ( pointedly ) ' side , I be know ' some heavy stuff about you now . you do not want they spillin' the coffee bean . before ross can even ask she , lorelei discretely leave the room . the two men be alone . ross be this blackmail ? gus do not be get ' racist with I , man . ross be this whitemail ? gus Fair 's fair . ross ( after a pause ) what do you want ? on gus -- he start empty the content of he pocket on ross be desk . it 's all matchbook , paper napkin , back of envelope , scrap paper . drawing and plan and number be scrawle on all of they . on ross -- look at this pile of crumpled effluvia . he reach down and pick up he waste basket , hold it up to gus . ross a waste-basket ? gus that be plan . ( as ross eye they skeptically ) blueprint . ross for what ? gus a computer . ross we have already get some . gus not like this one you be not . nobody in the world get one like this ' cause it do not exist yet . we get to build it . ross ( impressed ) you design it ? gus ( proudly ) I invent it , man . in my head . it 's a stone killer - diller get-down get - it - on and twice - on- Sunday super mutha computer . ross ( intrigue ) what will it do ? gus everything . ross what will it get I ? gus anything . ross ( a big genial smile ) tell I more ... int . webco data processing CENTER - night all alone in the computer room , gus sit at he console and start try out coordinate . ext . ocean - day or night stock footage -- shot of super - tanker move at full speed through the ocean water from various direction . effect : on illuminated wall map -- Electronic ' tanker ' blip begin to amass together on ross be map . ext . TEXAS oil field - day establishing shot -- a Texas oil field , dot with derrick as afar as the eye can see , all of they pump away , up and down , up and down . on a oil rig supervisor , a guy in a hard hat , look at he clipboard as he check the day 's productivity . sound : the regular throbbing sound of the oil pump . suddenly , the sound stop . it take a moment for the absence of noise to register on the supervisor . then he look up , astonished . Pov : wide shot -- all the pump stop pump . ext . pipeline , desert ( or alaskan landscape ) - day two worker with puzzle expression crouch beside a section of oil pipeline . one keep turn the tap over a little valve- faucet , but nothing come out . ext . sky above canyon - day on a helicopter -- unmark , as it come to a careful landing , come down in the crevasse of a reddish - color canyon , drop past the striate canyon wall . on the ground -- the chopper touch down . worker in unmarked coverall rush to unload crate from the craft . close on one crate -- as it 's lift off , move into a strip of tape paste on the side . the tape have come loose , flap in the wind from the chopper blade , revealing what it be mean to cover : stencile letter that say " webco . " int . ross be " war room " - day on a tiny GREEN boat - shape blip on a illuminate map . follow the blip as it cross the map , join a whole herd of other boat - shape blip mass in the center . as it move into place : sound : someone applaud and utter a small female " yay ! " wide shot -- lorelei be applaud . ross be stand beside the map , admire the glow convoy . vera do not look so happy . ross that 's it ! the last tanker ! they be all mine now ! all ... vera not quite . what be that in the lower right hand corner ? on the map -- sure enough , in the lower right hand corner , one little green boat - shape blip be head further away from the other . toward America . ross ( snarling ) it 's a tanker ! and it 's go the wrong way ! ext . ocean - day establishing shot : long wide -- one super tanker all by itself in the ocean , nowhere near any other . int . computer room , super - tanker - day the first mate tear off the printout sheet emerge from a large computer . follow he as he take it , frown and shaking he head , into the Captain 's Bridge next door . int . captain bridge , super - tanker - day the grizzle captain look up from he chart as the first mate hand he the printout sheet . first mate ( look down at it ) there it be again , Sir . " proceed immediately to latitude 241 , longitude 73 . there await further order . " captain ( rile ) that 's the middle of the Atlantic Ocean ! and I be not take my ship out there to just sit , no matter what no damn machine say . we be suppose to go to metropolis and we be go to metropolis ! ext . statue of LIBERTY - twilight long establishing shot -- the statue of liberty at twilight , just like a postcard . but closer up : wide angle -- a SMALL crowd of tourist be milling around at the base of the statue , peer upwards and murmure excitedly . nearby a police lieutenant and a police captain be also peer anxiously up at the statue as the captain call through a bullhorn . on the captain captain miss ? miss , can you hear I ? do not jump ! do not despair ! ( fervently ) you have everything to live for . I know , I have see you . ext . crown , statue of LIBERTY - twilight in the crown of the statue , lorelei wait like a siren on a rock , wear cling wisp of silk that reveal more than they conceal . she long hair toss in the wind , she eye sparkle like fabulous jewel , she parte lip glisten . she sit on the edge of the crown , dangle she leg over the side ... a precarious , if provocative , position . on sky -- superman stop in mid-flight , hover , and land lightly on the ledge of the crown . lorelei ( breathy , but cool ) I think you would never get here . superman ( super-cool , but look she over ) hey , do not expect I to save you . because I do not do that anymore . lorelei ( a little smile ) do not worry . I be long past save . she uncoil . she rise sinuously . she stretch . on superman -- watch she . on lorelei -- the sunset lighting she from behind , haloing she hair , outline she incredible body . two shot -- he just stand there . but the chemistry between they be overwhelming . and part of it be the challenge : who be go to make the first move ? lorelei well , do not let I keep you from anything . superman I be in no rush . ( he step toward she ) so what do you have in mind ? lorelei ( lowering she eye ) lot of thing ... superman ( tipping she chin ) tell I . he step closer to she . she come closer to he , look into he mesmeric eye . lorelei ( lean into he ) I will do more than tell you . I will show you , back at my place . if you will just do I one little favor first . superman ( give in ) okay , what be it ? you want a ride ? lorelei never. ( she giggle ) I get air-sick . you would not like that . superman no , I do not think I would . so ... then what can I do for you ? lorelei it be not much , really , you see , there 's this little boat . well , not so little , really . and it 's not go where it 's suppose to go and ... slow dissolve to : ext . sky above ocean - day superman fly . his costume be now get really sinister : the blue be navy , the red be close to purple , the yellow a dull brown . his face be unpleasantly gaunt , full of craggy hollow , with a unpleasant curl to the corner of he mouth . effect : again , that fleeting subliminal moment where we see the face of clark kent try to emerge , then vanish . alone in the slate gray sky , superman look down upon the ocean . angle down -- there be the one tanker head for America . wide -- superman swoops down on the ship . ext . ocean . tanker - day superman fly down to the hull . he grab the seam and , and with brute super- strength rip a great hole . then , like a lava flow , oil begin to gush out of the hole , pour into the sea . int . the captain bridge - day on the captain -- aghast as he watch the destruction . ext . ocean - day aerial shot -- now we can see the terrible oil spill beginning to form . its dimension will be awesome . even as we watch , it get larger . ext . sky - day superman , blithely unconcern with it all , fly away from the havoc he have create . ext . webster penthouse terrace - twilight wide shot as superman land on the terrace -- he place of assignment . to he right , the " ski resort " area . on superman -- as he touch down . he look around . then , from offscreen , lorelei be voice : lorelei ( o.s . ) hi. in here ... superman look in the direction of the voice . Pov : lorelei lay on the shaggy rug in front of the roaring fire - place , wear figure - hugging thermal . lorelei ( seductively ) how about a little apres-ski ? as he start to walk toward she : int . vera' bedroom - night in a bedroom so spartan and spare it look like a nun 's chamber , vera read in bed . she wear a nightgown that look like a prisoner 's outfit in the gulag archipelago . closer -- the book she read , a big , spiral - bound notebook , be title " computer science : intermediate level . " she finish the last page , close the book , reach to she bedside table , and start to read the next book " " advanced computer technology . " int . cave - day the machine that gus have design be be assemble . two worker lower a massive generator in place . the word " generator " be stencile on it . pan from they to the foreman and he assistant , as he scratch he head , try to puzzle out the assembly direction write ( by gus ) on a cocktail napkin and a matchbook . ext . state department . build , WASHINGTON D.C. establishing shot int . briefing room , state dept . - day a government spokesman be a briefing assemble reporter . state dept . man the choppy seas may be a bless , they ought to contain the oil spill for at least two week before it reach the nantucket current . a reporter then what ? state dept . man after that , it 's just a question of which part of the East Coast get the brunt of the spill . second reporter how big be it now ? state dept . man almost a mile long . ext . gas station and adjoining coffee shop - day a hand - lettere sign beside the gas pump where two attendant be work frantically , pump gas into car . the sign read : 1/2 tank to a customer . " pan a barely moving , seemingly endless line of vehicle wait for this ration . families be eat , sleep , and quarreling in they car . there be sporadic , senseless burst of horn-blow . a middle - age station wagon driver be lean on he horn as he and he wife try to break into the bumper - to- bumper line . the drive behind they be not give a inch . driver behind get to the back like everybody else ! new angle -- the station wagon driver decide to take matter into he own hand and ram he way in . he make the attempt , smash into the driver behind , crumpling he front fender . that do it . the driver behind , enraged , leap out of he car and charge toward the guy who hit he . the station wagon driver get out , ready for combat . driver behind you sonofa --- station wagon driver' wife charley ! charley ! int . coffee shop - day the customer of this greasy spoon be shiver in coat and scarve . everyone turn as staion wagon driver' wife suddenly rush in , hysterical . station wagon driver' wife help ! somebody help ! my husband ... he get beat up ! call the police . please , call a ambulance ! do something ! a waitress go to a wall phone to call for help . another waitress pull out a first Aid kit and hand it to a man at the counter . first waitress here , Jack . go with she , okay ? take a look at he . ( as jack hurry out with the anguish wife , the waitress shake she head : ) somebody 's behind this . you can not tell I there 's no oil . you can not tell I somebody be not get rich off this . there 's always get rich ... and it 's always the little guy who suffer . pan the counter -- pat the other diner , nodd and murmure angry assent -- to the last stool . there sit the original little guy himself : gus . he keep he head down , silently stir be coffee as he finally realize the harm he 's help to create . int . ross webster' office - day c.u. ross -- brim with good cheer . ross cheer up , Gus , I have good news . you computer be be build as we speak . reverse -- a gloomy gus , seat across the desk , look up with a flicker of interest . gus yeah ? how 's it look ? ross it look wonderful . it be wonderful , let 's face it . gus I tell you it be not no jive . ross ( intensely ) Gus , it seem we be talk state - of - the- art technology here . we be talk unlimited power . we be talk " get - down hot - cha daddy - of " whatever you call it . gus Stone mutha . ross exactly . stone mother . ross get up , come over to gus , look he in the eye . ross ( calculate , manipulate ) but a machine this powerful be go to make powerful enemy . people who will want to destroy it . gus ( upset by the idea ) ai not nobody gonna mess with my machine ! I will ... I will ... what will I do ? ( sudden inspiration ) I will build in a counter - punch ! anything attack it get counter - attack ! and wipe out ! ross can you do that ? gus yeah , sure . ( angrily ) ai not nobody gonna stomp my electric train ... on ross ross remember , Gus . a machine do not want anything except to keep on be a machine . you have get to make sure it can figure out how to beat any opponent . on gus gus man , all it get to do be find they weak spot . ( he start draw out a plan on ross be desk blotter ) you bet on the machine in any fight you name , you gonna win you bet . gus sketches furiously as ross beam in approval at this initiative . int . cave - day the workmen in coverall be assemble what be beginning to look like something out of fritz lang 's metropolis : fantastic , incredible , and it have not even be half - build yet . in f. G. gus be scrap papers have be spread out on a board , in a attempt to make it look like a blueprint . int . lana' kitchen - afternoon lana be talk into a phone on the wall . right beside she at the kitchen table ricky be do he homework . lana ( into the phone wearily ) no , I can not go out with you tonight ... no , I be busy tomorrow night too . int . smallville bar - afternoon a slightly drunk and very pushy brad be use the pay phone . brad do what ? int . lana' kitchen - afternoon lana ( into phone ) I will think of something . look , I have get to go . ricky need I . ( she hang up and lean over ricky , point to a math problem on he page ) the first part of the problem be okay , honey , but here I think -- sound : the phone ring again . lana ( pick up the phone but still talk to ricky ) -- you have get the wrong number . ( into phone ) no , not you . I wish you would get the wrong number . ( almost plead ) Brad , please stop call I . I have tell you -- ( to ricky ) -- four time forty and then divide five . give it another . int . smallville bar - afternoon brad ( get really surly ) I be get a little tired of try , lana . why do not you wise up ? now that cluck Kent 's fly the coop , you would better start appreciate ole faithful Brad . what else have you get in smallville ? int . lana' kitchen - afternoon on lana - disgust , she hang up , but then just stand there brood on that bleak truth . lana ( to herself ) what else have I get in smallville ? she pick up the phone again , dial and wait . int . DAILY planet , clark kenta desk - afternoon the phone ring on clark be empty desk ring and ring and ring . int . lana' kitchen - afternoon as lana hang up slowly , ricky turn to she , hold up he math paper . ricky ( hesitantly ) Mom ? I think I have get the answer ... lana ( suddenly , resolute ) so do i. ( she pick up the phone again and dial quickly ) smallville Airport ? what flight do you have to metropolis tomorrow ? ext . STREET corner , metropolis - day on a crowd gather on a street corner in metropolis . they be bunched together , mutter and distress . look at something across the street . we hear comment along the line of " this I can not believe . " what they be looking at be : a neighborhood bar across the street . Inside be superman . drink . drink whiskey . int . bar - day he sit hunch over at the bar , glower . his costume be now completely black : he once manly , open face have become truly sinister . the bartender and the few customer give he a wide berth . this be not a guy you want to mess with . we get a look at two of the deniien of the bar : a pair of really mean , ornery customer . one have a eye-patch and a scar , the other a shave head and a mustache . and even this two keep they distance from superman . he upend a bowl of peanut on the bar . then , with malicious pleasure , he begin flipping they , one at a time , at the row of glass stack up on the shelf behind the bar . ping : crash ! ping ! crash ! in the style of a cagney punk spraying the4 bar with machine - gun bullet , he just wreck the joint , since the peanut , flip with Super - strength , have the projectile force of bullet . then , bored with the target practice , he shoot a beam of heat - vision at the mirror itself . effect : the glass melt . ext . STREET corner , metropolis - day new angle : looking dwon at the STREET - a taxi come down the street , but can not move past the intersection because of the gather crowd . int . taxi - day driver in front seat ; lana and ricky in back . driver I can not get though , lady . something 's go on here . on ricky -- curious . ricky I wanna see what 's happen . before lana can stop he , he open he door and go out to join the crowd . lana have no choice but to follow he . on th epart of the crowd where ricky and lana stand . woman it 's a disgrace , that 's what it be . man I will tell you one thing , boy , nobody will ever trust that creep again . he 's wash up . on ricky -- stunne as he sees what they see . Pov : the door to the bar swing open and the surly , ornery , snarling superman come out into the street . on the crowd -- instinctively pull back . new angle -- a nearby building be notable for its peculiar façade : a series of porthole - like window rise in vertical column . superman look at it , then very deliberately stomp he foot hard on the ground . on the build -- the first five floor of porthole light up , like a column light ascend . the image recall one of that carnival test -your -strength machine . and so be for superman , who now stomp much harder . and this time the column of light shoot all the way up to the top floor of the building . superman smile sneeringly , proud of he prowess . c.u. ricky -- tear in he eye . pull back and widen as he push he way to the front of the crowd . ricky superman ! lana struggle through , try to get to he . on superman -- he eye flick toward the sound of he name . on ricky ricky superman , it 's I , ricky ! ricky from smallville ! a man next to ricky try to pull he back to safety . man be careful , kid ! ricky ( wringht - up , voice break ) superman , tell they you will not hurt anybody ! on superman -- start to walk away , but something in ricky be plea halt he momentarily . he turn , look at the boy . for a second , there seem to be a flicker of understanding in he eye . then he scowl and continue to lope off down the street . on the crowd -- lana manage to get to ricky be side . she be protective , fearful . lana ( this be very hard for she to say ) ricky , he 's change . c.u. ricky -- tear in he eye , defiantly refuse to let he idol be castigate . ricky no! ( desperately think of excuse ) maybe ... maybe he 's just sick ! sometimes when I be sick I get real cranky and mean , Mom , you even tell I that . on superman in f.g. as he walk away ; the crowd in b.g. ricky superman , please get better ! again , that odd hesitation in superman be basically snarling attitude . then , wolf - like , he keep go . on lana and ricky . lana ( she heart be break for she son 's lose illusion ) he 's not listen to you , ricky . ricky yes he be ! he can hear I ! he 's get super-hear . c.u. superman -- now at least two block away . ricky be voice ring across the empty space : ricky you can hear I , can not you , superman ? I know you be go to be all right ! you be just in a slump ! you will be great again . you can do it , superman ! try to shake it off , the evil superman suddenly lurch into the sky and fly off . angle up to see he go . ext . sky - twilight on the evil superman as he fly . soundtrack : echoing in superman be mind , the voice of ricky be hear , plead again and again . ricky's voice ( electronically enhance to a sound overpower ) you be just in a slump ! you will be great again . great again ! please get better ! please get better ! superman ! get better ! the voice torment superman . he wince , as if beset by stabbing migraine headache , as the voice grow louder and denser , one sentence ( electronically ) overlap the next so that it begin to sound like a whole chorus of ricky . it become sheer torture , as if he dormant conscience be punish he . he can not fight off the pain . finally , he drop from the sky to : ext . automobile graveyard - twilight at first we can not tell where we be . the evil superman , black garbe , land on he knee in a landscape that look like the end of the world : dark pile of twisted metal , debris , small fire burn here and there . it could be hell . but it be , in fact , a automobile graveyard . on he close -- as he struggle to he foot , the stabbing pain in he head torment he , the distort and all - pervade sound of ricky be plea continue to ring out in he brain . as this reach a crescendo , a extraordinary thing begin to happen : effect : emerge from the body of the evil superman come the form of clark kent . the clark persona wrest itself apart from the evil superman until there be now two separate identity make manifest on the screen -- the good part of he and the bad part have split . it be the ultimate expression of the schizoid aspect of this dual superman / clark character , now lock in mortal combat . evil superman get to he foot , look with undisguise venom at clark . wide angle lets US now see where we be : the heaps of twisted metal be car body part , stack up in mound , row upon row of mashed and flatten auto wreck . elsewhere we will see pile of old tire , pile of bumper and fender . and in addition , the tool and machine of this trade : great crane with giant magnet that lift the car on high , vat of acid that strip they , hydraulic press machine that squash and flatten they into metal pancake , formidable - look metal shredder that rip steel apart into strip . the worker who operate the various machine will be see at odd moment during the follow , reacting with fear and then run for safety . not all of these can be see as yet , however , as the surly , gaunt superman look balefully at the forthright , fist - clench figure of clark kent . clark give up . give in . ( evil ) superman like hell I will . and with that , he haul off and sock clark in the jaw with such tremendous force that it send he hurtle backwards into a pile of axle . they clatter and crash to the ground with a enormous clanging of noise . on superman -- rub he knuckle , that hurt , and we realize that clark kent be just as strong as superman . on crane operator -- startle reaction . Quick departure . on the pile of axle -- clark nowhere to be see . then , from a unseen vantage point , he voice boom out : clark ( o.s. ) I can give as good as I get . be you willing to risk it ? on superman , whirling around , try to locate he . superman ( defiantly ) try I ! from out of the pile of rubble , clark come charge directly at superman , head down like a bull . he butt he full force in the gut , send superman tumble backwards . another worker run off . new angle -- behind the fall superman be a great vat mark : danger --- acid with a skull and crossbone stencile on it . unable to halt this backward momentum , superman fall into the vat of acid . angle in -- he disappear in the smoking , steaming bubbles , submerge in the acid bath . a ordinary mortal would be all bone in second , but -- suddenly the evil superman come fly out of the vat . on he as he land nearby -- a terrifying sight : smoke be issue from all part of he , curling off he body . he look positively demonic . in a flurry , he turn on clark , and hand cup with acid , he : effect : blow a stream of burn acid directly at he . on clark -- the acid ignites he clothing as it land on he . effect : he jacket burn off , leave he in shirtsleeve . on superman -- sneering . superman man , I never do like you . you always get on my nerve . he grab a bumper and swing it like a baseball bat , hit clark in side , knock he down . on clark -- hurt , shake , but manage to get to he foot . clark come to think of it , you always get under my skin . and with that , he leap on the evil superman , knock he to the ground . closer on they as they roll and grapple across the debris-strewn earth . behind they , loom a pit , which neither can see as yet . in the pit -- we see the flatten shape of what once be auto wreck , smashed into rectangular metal pancake by hydraulic press , which loom above the pit . on the two of they wrestling -- with a mighty heave , superman send clark crash into the open pit . on clark -- he land on top of the flatten car and lay there , stunne . on superman -- he quickly activate the hydraulic control . new angle -- the great iron press begin to descend on the still unmove form of clark kent . closer -- it come down and begin to squash clark flat . it press harder and harder . we hear superman be terrible , evil laughter . on superman -- convinced that he have vanquish he foe , he start to walk away . on clark , in the pit -- with superhuman strength , he grip the edge of the hydraulic press and slowly , slowly , push it up and off he body . a difficult feat even for he . quickly now , he slither out from under it . on clark -- scramble out of the pit , racing toward a stack of tire . on superman -- about fifty foot away , stride off , think he 's win . suddenly ... effect : tire come fly through the air and ring superman like horseshoe landing on a stake . he 's startle , to say the least , as first one tire spin around like a big hula hoop , then a second , then a third . for a moment he be immobilize . on clark -- come at he . on superman -- he burst he rubber bond like a hercules burst he chain , by expand he arm . superman ( snarling ) man , you be finish ! he look up . Pov : above clark be a crane and hang from it , directly above he head , be one of that enormous flat- bottome magnet they use to lift up the automobile wreck and move they . effect : the evil superman send ray of red-hot heat - vision shoot from he eye , aim at the link of chain , which hold the magnet . the chain glow , melt , and then the magnet drop with full force on clark -- smash he right through the ground . new angle -- all be still for a moment . then , shoot up from underground in another area , come clark kent . he lift a batter car fender from the ground , raise it high above he head and hurl it at superman . the object hit he head - on and send he crash backwards . Flying through the air , smash into a enormous mountain of pile - up body part . the last workman run for he life . on clark -- step into a clear . clark come on out and fight like a man ! suddenly , a hail of wheel rim come fly at he , hurl with tremendous force , like deadly frisbee . on superman -- some distance away , fling the wheel rim . on clark , close one wheel rim sizzle through the air and strike he in the side of the head , hit he temple with such impact that it knock he to the ground unconscious . wide angle -- superman , triumphant , stride over to the fall body of clark , lift he in he arm . follow he as he take the unconscious clark to : the metal shredder -- the frightening machine have tooth like a crocodile and its steel roller and innard seem menace even when still . a old wreck be on the conveyer belt , ready in place to be feed into the shredder . superman drop clark to the ground and flip on the switch . on the machine -- we see it work now . the conveyer belt start up , and the car be feed into the jaw of the machine . sound : a terrible , ear-pierce screeching and grind of metal as the car be chew by the shredder . we see what happen : smoke rise , and piece of shrapnel go fly and from out the extrude end , what be moment before recognizable as a batter auto , come out as long , jag strip of metal . new angle -- contemptuously , superman kick the unconscious clark kent onto the conveyer belt . closer -- as clark be body move along the conveyer belt and be feed into the tooth and jaw of the metal shredder . effect : it begin its terrible work . but -- suddenly , the tooth start to snap off and fly in all direction . the metal case snap and crack . spark , terrific spark everywhere . smoke rise as if the motor be burn itself out . the machine , with a awful noise , self - destruct . and clark kent emerge with fury in he eye . without a word , he leap onto superman , pin he to the ground , he hand around he neck . for a moment , superman seem to be fight he off , almost roll he over , but then clark get a better grip on he . clark ( intense , as he choke he ) give up ! give up ! give up ! the evil superman clutches at clark be hand , try to pull loose . and then ... effect : a amazing sight . slowly , the figure of evil superman begin to grow less ' real , ' fade in density , beginning to become opaque , then translucent . then the amorphous figure begin to be draw and absorb into the clark kent figure until at last there be no evil superman beneath clark be hand , but a strong , victorious clark who now stand up . now he walk toward camera as he open he shirt button . we see the true " S " underneath , in noble red and gold . it fill frame . angle up -- once again strong and handsome and good , superman fly off . ext . ocean - day aerial shot , wide angle -- the enormous oil spill , stretch almost a mile long , float on the sea , head for the East Coast . ext . gas station - day the long line of car be longer than ever . on the front of the line the station attendant put up a new sign : out of gas . station close . ext . oil field - day the desert oil field : the pump still . ext . sky - day Music : the stir theme . superman fly to the rescue , soar above the Atlantic Ocean . now he look down , see the oil spill . effect : in various hot , superman descend to where he hover above the wave . before he the enormous lake of oil undulate in the choppy sea . he take a deep breath and begin to blow Super - breath . further away -- the super- tanker with the gape hole in the side . on the deck -- a seaman look up astonished . seaman my God ! look ! his mate look where he point . Pov : long shot -- the oil slick be head back toward the ship , sip through the ocean rapidly . behind it , in far b.g. superman be continue to blow a steady gust of Super - breath . effect : on the tanker hull -- as the oil be force , against the current , to flow right back into the hull from which it escape . new angle -- the last of the oil spill be blow back in . immediately : effect : on superman -- send powerful beam of heat -vision from he eye , he aim they at the gape metal hull . on the hull -- the heat - vision weld the hole together , repair the ship . we hear cheer of the crew off-screen . int . captain bridge - day the captain watch , amaze , as the now - recover man of steel land just outside he bridge . superman Captain , I would like to apologize for what I do before . I ... I really be not myself . captain that 's all right , lad . all 's well that end well , as they say . c.u. superman -- jaw set , eye narrow . and with that , he take off . ext . sky - day wide angle show superman fly above the ocean , head inland . closer on he -- suddenly , he spot something down below . a look of great concern on he face . full shot -- he bank and start straight down toward the sea . on the sea -- on a little island ( just a tiny outcropping ) stand a seabird , its feather coat with oil , unable to fly . superman swoops down . on the little island -- superman land there and lift the bird in he hand . superman ( gently ) here you go , little fella . he softly blow the oil off the bird 's feather . superman c'mon , you take the head start . he toss the bird up into the air . ext . sky - day the bird fly . superman catch up and fly alongside for a while . then he veer off . superman ( tipping he hand in a little wave ) see you around the sky , pal . keep them fly . he continue on he way . ext . sky above metropolis - day full shot : wide -- superman fly over the skyscraper of metropolis . ext . webster penthouse , terrace - day superman land on the terrace of the webster penthouse . he open the door and enter . int . webster penthouse - day insert : just inside the doorway , right past the threshold be a little slab of plastic with a button stick up . superman unknowingly step on the button . effect : the button activate : 1 . a big banner , which suddenly drop and unfurl from the ceiling , festoon with red , white , and blue bunt . letter on the banner be the word : " hi superman " as the banner drop : Music : patriotic march theme play . startle , superman see the greeting . a second later , he whirl around as : 2 . the voice of ross webster boom out from a loud-speaker in the manner of a telephone answer machine : voice of ross miss lorelei ambrosia be not at home right now . if you would care to leave a message , do not wait for the beep . why not deliver it to she in person ? suddenly , with a click , a video tape start to appear on a t.v. screen . it show vera , very formally seat at a desk , in one of she dark suit , address the viewer in she no - nonsense way . 3 . the t.v. screen light up , vera appear . vera ( on t.v. ) here be where you can find she , as well as the rest of we . a panoramic view of the Grand Canyon appear on the t.v. screen . as voice of vera continue over , as a secue . dissolve to : ext grand canyon - day establishing shot : the same view , now real , of one of nature 's seven wonder . as we hear vera be voice-over . vera ( v.o ) do drop in . aerial shot : zoom down to a startling sight . atop one of the rocky cliff in the middle of the giant gorge be five tiny figure . 2 men : 2 women , and a donkey . new angle -- behind they , above the canyon , we see pylon and power line ; a major electrical power source be here . group shot : gus be hold the donkey on a lead . ross , vera , and lorelei be adjust curious device attach by back - pack harness to they person : individual hot -air balloon . ross and vera have already blow theirs up and be adjust the ballast . lorelei be inflate hers , which , in contrast to the other ' utilitarian gray , be a shocking pink balloon that match she jump suit . lorelei this be fun ! ross fun ? the fun 's just start , hon . wait till superman find we , then you will see fun . gus ( confuse ) you want to mess with superman ? ross can not wait , pal , can not wait . vera ( impatiently ) let 's go . I want to be ready for he when he fall into we trap . ( to gus , irritably ) I do not see why you can not balloon down like the rest of we . on gus -- he look at the gizmo , then look over the ledge . he Pov : a sheer drop to the bottom of the canyon . on gus -- shaking he head emphatically . gus uh-huh . no way , man . not I . ( he climb on he donkey ) I just do not believe a man can fly . the donkey start walk down the wind path that will eventually take he down to the bottom of the canyon . ross , vera , and lorelei activate they little hot - air gadget and launch themselves off the edge of the cliff . full shot , long : like invade paratrooper , the three of they waft down into the canyon , as gus , see to far left of frame , ride he agile donkey down a footpath . ext . base of grand canyon the Three land on the floor of the canyon and extricate themselves from the balloon rig . angle up -- gus and he donkey be get there , albeit a bit slower . wide shot : the three of they walk towards the mouth of a large cave . int . cave in sudden contrast to the bright sunlight outside , it be very dark in here . lorelei I can not see anything . vera turn on the light . lorelei where 's the light switch ? vera where do you usually find a light switch ? on lrelei -- she feel along the cave wall right by the entrance , and , sure enough , find a light switch . she flick it on . reverse , wide angle : the ultimate computer : four storey high with ladder lead up to different ledge and perches and cat - walk and walk - in alcove set in the impressive , amazing façade . it look like a leger vision of industrial technology giantism combine with futuristic hardware right out of science - fiction . lorelei ( o.s. ) wow , what a jukebox . reverse -- they look at it in awe . ross I tell you , do not I ? the ultimate Computer ! it do everything any computer can do and a thousand thing that none of they do ! vera start toward the machine , officiously gesture to the other : vera come on , let 's give it a dry run . ross wait for Gus to get here , sis . vera ( snidely ) who need Gus ? ross he 's the only one who can operate this -- vera like fish he be . ( sneering pride ) I know enough about computer to put a phd to shame . ( as they react in surprise ) come now , brother dear , you do not think I be go to let that little man run the show , do you ? Gus Gorman tell we what to do -- I would sooner kiss a pig ! favoring vera -- she cross a wedge - shape grid that extend out and over a moat-like area of circuitry beneath alternate wedge of clear glass and dense grid . she reach the base of a ladder that run up the center of the computer and start to climb . vera come on , will you ? ( as the other follow she up ) we have get to get ready before he get here . lorelei Gus ? vera superman . the boy you leave behind . on vera -- she peer down as she climb up . look into the central generator section below . Pov : laying on the ground by the generator be a old cardboard coffee cup , a half - fill bottle of flat root - beer soda , a half - eat hostess twinkie package , a screw - driver and some tool . vera ( with a moue of distaste ) honestly , you would think this workmen would learn to tidy up when they finish . wide shot - the ascend to the central console on a deck midway up the front of the machine . there be a terrace fill with control ; it look like the board of a elaborate light show up there . new angle -- in the Central Control where vera stand , it look like something at NASA : hundred of button , light dial , video display screen , gauge , God - know - what . she sit in a chair locate in the center that swivel to provide access to all the main control . on vera -- she throw some switch , push some button . sound : a low hum begin . vera ( to ross ) bubba , engage that lever on you right to activate the Alpha circuit and lock the modular grid . ross eventually start to follow she order . wide shot : suddenly , the leave side of the four-story structure light up in many wonderful way : blink light , crackle electrode , digital dial , and other illumination . vera ( to lorelei ) you ! activate circuit 29 through w7 and start full power coordinate on exterior defensive system : lorelei ( not cow by vera be jargon ) in other word , push this red button . she do so . wide full shot : with a loud " clung ! " the right side of the ultimate Computer light up in equally impressive way . the thing be start to look like the spaceship in Close encounter . ext . sky above grand canyon - day superman be come from the sky , scan the area below , search for they . he approach the gorge . new angle , up -- superman fly into the grand Canyon . a red light start to flash . sound : a pierce electronic alarm go off . ross he 's here ! lorelei ( delighted ) oh , superman ! vera cut the mush , lorelei . he 's after we skin ! lorelei he can have mine . anytime . ross ( impatient , like a greedy child ) c'mon , sis , let the game begin ! ext . canyon - day superman fly into the canyon , hover a moment , then start to zoom toward the cave area . int . cave , ultimate computer vera all right , bubba , enjoy yourself . she guide she brother to a cover panel , flip it open . this reveal a large video screen and some control . there be something familiar about this particular rig ... vera go back to the center console and push button and control mark " exterior defense . " on the control -- a panel board light up : " missile ready . " ext . canyon floor - day from underneath the canyon floor , slide panel bury underneath the sandy terrain slide back , revealing small rocket on launching pad beneath . new angle -- from inside the missile it , we see the missile launcher slowly rise . int . cave , ultimate computer on ross at video screen : he switch it on . the screen light up . ranged along the bottom be little computerize image of the rocket ; come down from the top of the screen be a little stick figure of a man with a cape . we suddenly realize what 's familiar about this : it be the ultimate version a atari " Space invader " video game . except this time . it 's be play for real . ext . canyon floor - day the missile launcher , control by ross from within , rise out of the ground and spin around , search for they target . on superman -- fly down the canyon toward the missile . int . cave , ultimate computer ross work the control and fire rocket . on the video , just like in a electronic game arcade , we see the rocket head up , aim at the fly man . and : fast CUT to : ext . canyon - day where the real life version be take place , control by ross . rocket fire up from the floor of the canyon , head for superman . new angle -- superman have to dive and dart away . fast CUT to : int . cave , ultimate computer ross , totally manic , be have himself a wonderful time , play he lethal atari like a arcade champ . grunt , groan , body english , etc . ext . canyon - day gus , come down the trail , look at the spectacle take place , fearful : gus the rocket ' red glare , the bomb burstin ' in air -- what in hell be goin ' on ? cross CUT between : 1 . atari screen : show a barrage of missile aim at the fly figure . 2 . ext . canyon : superman beset by the missile . he knock some out of the way , dodge other . 3 . ross work the control . ext . canyon - day superman be hit by the final salvo of missile and be thrown out of frame , tumble over and over . new angle -- he be head for a column of rock . he crash into it . int . cave , ultimate computer on the video screen -- the atari-type game screen show it all , include the " hit " and a High score of 13,000 light up . on ross -- gleeful , craze : ross a hit ! get he ! this will give he something to think about ! c.u. vera -- smile fondly at she little brother enjoy himself . int . cave - day gus have reach the entrance , he get off he donkey and enter . look fearfully around he . c.u. gus - a bit awed as he see what he have wringht . gus ( a moment of quiet pride ) awright . I get I my electric train , mama . I finally get -- ( suddenly upset at what he see ) hey , what y'all doin ' up there ?! reverse : ross join the party , genius ! come on up ! ext . canyon - day superman , a bit daze but basically unhurt , pull himself up off the ruble of the stone column and fly downward . int . cave , ultimate computer gus be come up to the terrace where the central console be locate . reverse : wide -- superman have land and enter the cave . he stand frame in the doorway . superman ( in stentorian tone ) all right , webster . pack it in . on lorelei -- wave from she perch . lorelei hi , honey . superman I do not know you , lady . lorelei but the other night ... superman that be not I . that guy 's go . ( to ross ) and you be next webster . vera ( angrily ) do not you threaten my bubba ! insert : she press a button . wide ( special effect ) : a tremendous zap of electrical energy , all blue and white , shoot out of the computer and zap superman with such a jolt that it knock he to the ground . ross welcome to the wonderful world of computer , superman . on superman -- shake he head , get to he foot . ross well , superman ? how do you like supermachine ? superman typical of you kind , webster . instead of use it to help other , all the four of you want be to help yourselves . on gus -- who do not like the designation . gus four of we ? what 's he mean four of we ? ( call out ) hey , man ! lorelei ( to gus ) that 's only he last name . he like to be call super-man . gus hey , I be not with they ! superman you could have fool I , mister . with that he start to move menacingly toward the machine . on vera -- she push another control button . wide angle -- suddenly , superman walk into a invisible shield . there 's nothing there we can see , but ... sound : it make a big thunk as he bang into it . c.u. superman -- he feature flatten by a invisible wall exactly as they would if he smashed into plate-glass . new angle -- he run back a few step , put he head down and charge like a bull at the invisible force - field . effect : a split-second after superman hit the invisible shield , its substance wrap around he and encase he in a transparent bubble . weird color gass churn inside the bubble ; the impression be one of be trap inside a hot , volatile enclosure with no air . the bubble rise in the air and spin crazily around the vast interior . Inside , superman try to fight he way out : punch , push , kick . closer on he -- he 's sweat in there , make a tremendous effort . then , unable to break it with brute force , he narrow he eye , then open they wide and : effect : beam of heat - vision blaze from he eye . such be they power that they break the molecular structure of the prison and it crash open . superman break loose . ross ( hysterical ) he 's come ! he 's go to hurt I ! vera do not bet on it ! new angle -- she slam a button ( one larger and separate from the other ) with full force . effect : from the center of the machine , a large ball - like shape suddenly emanate a bright green ray we recognize immediately as be the color of kryptonite . it hit superman full force , a spot-light of death . he cry out in pain and drop to the ground , writhe in agony , die before we eye . c.u. gus -- frighten , horrify : gus no ! you will kill he ! that 's kryptonite ! vera ( insane , wild ) yes ! this time we get it right ! ross ( triumphant , rave ) it 's you genius , pal ! you build a machine that can find anybody 's weak spot , just like you say . c.u. gus -- sick with the realization of what he 's do . ross congratulation , chum ! you be go to go down in history as the man who kill superman ! on gus -- he can not take it anymore . as superman writhes in pain , gus make a quick decision . running behind vera , he look down through the transparent floor at what be beneath : Pov : zoom into geneorator on gus -- he whip he yo - yo out of he pocket , pull the string all the way out , throw it over one of the guy wire that anchor the machine to the floor . he jump off the terrace , hold onto both end ( yo - yo and string ) and slide down to the ground , a la topkapi . new angle -- gus charge into the generator area and grab the wire connect the computer to its energy source : the generator . closer -- one little screw coupling connect they . gus grab the screw - driver nearby and : insert : simply unscrew one little screw . on the machine , wide angle -- suddenly all the energy and power and electronic jazz just ... stop . it just shut off . on superman -- the green kryptonite ray shit off as well . he be save from death , but weaken , on he knee . on the terrace console -- ross , enraged , look down and see what gus have do . ross no ! give I that ! give it to I ! he charge down the interior staircase , after gus . ross give it to I ---- on gus -- he hold the little screw in he hand . as ross lunge for it , gus pop it into he own mouth and try to swallow it . but it get catch in he own throat . he try harder , he eye strain with the effort , clear he throat , gulp hard . still it will not go down . ross , in wild furry , grab gus , try to pry he mouth open and retrieve it . the grapple . gus shove ross away and suddenly see before he the open bottle of flat root beer soda . he grab it , and with a mighty heave of he Adam 's Apple , wash away the screw . ross ( howling ) nooooooo ! he start to strangle gus , try to get the screw back . then he switch to a violent attempt to perform the heimlich maneuver . gus yank free , spin around , haul off and belt ross in the jaw . pow ! ross fall to the floor , out cold . long shot : for a moment all be still . superman be slowly rise to he knee . superman ( to gus ) thanks for -- when suddenly : effesct : with a unearthly roar , the machine itself come to life again . a even more terrifying life . it glow much hotter and brighter , crackle and pulsing with tremendous energy . lorelei scream in terror . lorelei make it stop ! on vera -- astonished , push button , try to control it . vera I can not ! it 's out of control ! lorelei but how ? where 's it get the power from ???! vera look straight up . vertical pan ( fast ) up to the top of the computer . effect : the machine be send crackle lighten - like energy probe through the ceiling of the cave . c.u. gus -- awed gus it 's feed itself . it want to live . ext . top of grand canyon - day wide shot : a incredible sight : the crackle red- hot energy probe leap from the ground beneath , dart up into the air , and literally hook on to the power line and pylon . the machine be feed itself right from the source . the very power line themselves glow red- hot from the tremendous zap of energy take place . long shot : we see the energy probe racing along the power line toward the horizon , toward the rest of the nation . ext . sky / space looking down at earthss globe as power blackout begin to hit North America . ext . big CITY - night looking down from great distance as power blackout hit , light start to go out . int . hospital operating theater a operation be in progress . doctor ( quiet , careful ) all right , nurse , we be go into the brain now . be ready with every -- suddenly , the light in the operate room flicker and go out . nurse ( in darkness ) oh , God --- int . cave . ultimate computer the machine glow with a unearthly energy . suddenly , the ray of deadly green kryptonite go on again , hit superman with full force . on superman -- already weaken from the first bout , he fall to the floor , in terrible pain . on gus -- from inside the generator area he see what 's happen . he grab a fire - safety axe from its hook and race toward the globe-like part of the machine that send the kryptonite ray out . new angle -- gus hack away at the mechanism . his expression be intense , torture . this be Dr. frankenstein kill the monster he create , the inventor force to destroy he own invention . with tremendous effort , he chop and slam and smashes the offend part of the computer , finally destroy it . hunk of metal drop to the floor . the green ray shut off . superman struggle to he foot . he look awful . gus , exhaust , stand there by the source of destruction . he 's do it . he drop the axe . suddenly : sound : a horrible , screeching , electronic noise as : effect : the machine , furious , lift gus into the air on a beam of energy and hurl he full force against the wall of the cave . he crash into it with terrific impact and fall to the ground behind a pile of rock and rubble . from the incredible force of the blow , it seem certain that the machine have kill he . a terrible moment of silence . then superman , look like he 's in total despair , turn and slink out of the cave , clutching he leave arm . lorelei no ! do not leave we alone in here ! superman -- ( but he 's go ) the machine glow and shake , its energy probe zap through the rock ceiling above . vera I do not know about you , girly , but I be get out of here ! but lorelei be first on the stair , as she run like hell off the machine itself . vera be right behind she . lorelei get to the bottom , dash across the " moat " via one of the wedge-shaped grid . on ross -- come - to in the interior , by the generator . he pick himself up and run after lorelei . a moment later , vera , come from the great distance , start to race across the moat . effect : vera be literally " suck " back into the machine , drag across the " moat " and pull into the computer 's entrail . as she scream in protest , the intense force slam she into a section of the circuitry . on vera : a monstrous transformation begin to take place . vera become part of the machine . no longer human . circuitry appear beneath she skin . her face pull and distort into grotesque non-human cubistic form . charge of electricity and power pass into she body , light it up . the effect be very frightening to behold . unearthly sound come from she throat . new angle -- as lorelei try to run from the cave , " vera be " link arm extend and a silvery sphere of " magneticism " shoot out like a cannon ball aim at she . suddenly lorelei be yank upwards , stick fast to the wall of the cave , scream , kick , unable to free herself . c.u. vera -- this be no longer a human face . a hideous arm -like probe extend from she forehead and shoot out a hot yellow beam . new angle -- the yellow beam hit ross , stop he in he track in front of the machine , torture he . ross sis ! no , it 's bubba - - ( he squirm in pain ) on the top of the computer -- the energy probe continue to shoot right through the ceiling of the cave . ext . canyon . top ledge ( pylon ) - day the probe continue to feed on the electrical power supply . ext . metropolis - night light start go off in metropolis skyscraper . int . subway track - night a subway train be move down the tunnel toward camera . as it come close , we see lana and ricky inside . suddenly the black - out hit . light go out . train stop . sound : scream , panic of the passengers . ricky ( terrify ) mommy ! mommy ! ext . iriquois trail nuclear power station - night long shot : of the three silo we saw earlier in the forest fire . come from B. G. at great speed be a blue blur zoom through the sky : superman . int . nuclear chamber the scientist in great consternation . one look at a electronic grid map of the U,S.A. , show the blackout come closer . dr . harris what the hell be cause it ?! scientist search I . all I know be it look like a complete electronic grid-lock . and if it get to we -- dr . harris ( grim face ) which one be the panic button ? int . cave . ultimate computer - day looking toward the entrance : as superman , look a bit bedraggle , return and enter . he hold he leave arm behind he back , under he cape , as if favor a hurt elbow . reverse : wide angle show US what he , too , sees : the machine glow brighter and brighter ; vera , totally transformed into a robot- like creature , ruthlessly training the painful yellow ray on ross , who be immobilize and torment ; lorelei still pin to the wall up high by the magnetic sphere . ross help I ... help I .... immediately , superman run into the area just in front of ross so as to fully absorb the yellow beam and block it off . reverse from behind they : a shake ross , relieved at last , crawl away into the shadow of the cavern . wide angle -- this yellow beam have no effect on superman . but just as vera terminate it , two enormous arm of the machine , like giant pinball flipper , begin to slide across the cave floor , about to close in and pin superman . this two transformer arm trap he and raise he slightly off the ground , pull he forward in a direct line toward the moat , until : closer -- he be deposit on the very transparent wedge where vera stand when she be suck into the machine . and now , to we horror , the same thing happen to he . although he seem to be try to resist the incredible " pull , " superman be draw across the moat and into the very bowel of the giant computer . he be pull , as if by a giant suctioning force , past vera and down into the center of the apparatus , where the generator be . for a terrible moment , all seem lose . then , he be see deep in there , as he reveal what he have hide in he leave hand , behind he cape . closer -- it 's a silver canister , about two foot long , cylindrical in shape . he unscrew the lid . effect : immediately a incredible red glow burst from the canister , so strong we almost need to shield we eye . we recognize it , from its color and intensity , immediately " it be the nuclear core he stabilize at iroquois Trail power Plant . superman you be hungry for energy ? taste this . he drop the nuclear core in the center of the machine . long shot : the giant computer begin to glow even more brightly than before . red-hot , then white hot , then it begin to crackle and rumble and smoke . the machine be overdose . effect : in spectacular series of shot , the machine self - destruct . explosion . burn-out . short circuit . flare-ups . entire chunks of metal hurl into the air . tremendous noise . it 's like watch the end of the world as we watch the machine commit suicide . in the midst of this , intercut shot of lorelei , release from she magnetic trap , slide down the cave wall and landing unceremoniously ( and unconsciously ) on the ground . at last there be a gigantic explosion within the computer . it totally disintegrate , burst apart from its own gluttony , wreak havoc and total destruction within the cave . a long moment as the dust settles . no sign of life . pile of rubble and break rock everywhere . it look like a bomb - out battlefield . and then ... on a mound of earth and debris -- the hand of a white man struggle up and out from beneath the pile of rock . pan slightly left : from a adjacent mound of rubble , the hand of a black man be see push out from beneath the earth . and superman and gus clasp hand and pull each other out from beneath the mound . they struggle up and out , clutching they hand together : alive , triumphant , and partner at last . ext . oil field - day on the foreman . look in quiet despair at he non-work acre of derrick . shrugge , he turn and start walk away when : sound : the thunk of a motor start , a pump beginning to work . he spin around in wonder and see the pump nearest he suddenly come to life again . second later , another one start up . then another . then five more . ext . pipeline , desert or tundra - day oil start gush out the formerly dry valve-faucet . the delighted worker rush to turn it off . ext . ocean - day aerial shot . the tanker begin to move away from each other in different direction . ext . service station - day a car pull up to the gas pump . station attendant come over to the car . attendant regular or premium ? man in car what the hell , she have not have a drink in so long , let 's give she a tankful of the good stuff . the attendant start to pump gas in the car . ext . sky - day superman fly with gus cling to he outstretch arm , he leg wrap around he waist . sort of like the stork fly he bundle . gus be absolutely terrify . he open one eye , look down , quickly shut it . superman how you do down there ? gus do not make I talk , please . I get enough problem just hangin ' on . superman ( a little laugh ) hey , you be perfectly safe . gus I be not about to argue with you . ( as they fly ) what 's gonna happen to they three ? Ross the boss and that lady ? superman that 's up to the judge , Gus . it 's not you problem anymore . gus ( suddenly ) watch out for they air pocket ! superman no , we be just go down . gus ( terrify ) we gonna crash ? superman I never crash , Gus . that would be embarrassing . gus ( eye shut ) we back in metropolis ? superman no ... I just have a little stop to make . angle down : beneath they be a coal mine in West Virginia or similar place . ext . coal mine - day a big mound of coal sit on the ground near a shack and a mine entrance . a few miner look up in amazement as superman and gus land . gus ( look around ) whatcha wanna stop here for ? ( quickly ) not that I be not glad to be on the ground , y'understand . superman just a second . he walk over to the miner , and pick up a lump of coal . superman can you guy spare this one ? a miner ( have trouble find he voice ) ... sure , superman . ( incredulously ) it be superman , be not it ? gus ( lording it over they ) hey , man , who 'dya think it be , you mama ? on superman -- he turn away , he back to they all . effect : closer on he hand as he squeeze the lump of coal . the incredible pressure of super- strength do what it take nature century to do : before we eye the lump of coal turn into a Liz Taylor -size diamond , glint in the light . superman ( to himself ) too showy . effect : he squeeze it further down to a normal - size diamond . holding it in he fist , he turn back to they . superman thanks . ( to gus ) let 's go gus I be afraid you would say that . ( to miner ) hey , be there a bus station around here ? superman ( with a laugh ) suit yourself , gus. ( to the miner ) say , do you boss use a computer in this operation ? first miner yeah , a small one . why ? superman you tell he he can do a lot worse than give Gus Gorman here a job . tell he I guarantee it . he smile farewell and take off . hold on gus -- watch he fly away . gus ( softly ) take it easy , man . he turn to the awe0struck miner . first miner you fly with he ? in a gesture of bravado , Gus unsnap the button on he shirt front , as if to reveal a Super - Gus outfit . but , of course , there 's just a old T-shirt there . so he quickly adopt a big -shot tone : gus so , you fella be not never see the super dude before , huh ? him and I , we go way back . I mean way back . we generally help each other out , y'see , like just yesterday be in this cave , see ... and he start to spin he yarn to the wide - eye audience : int / ext french restaurant - night on superman -- smile affably . superman hi . I reserve a table for two . reverse : a very elegant maitre D ' be at the restaurant desk of a very toney french restaurant , all red velvet and fake Matisse painting . he be regard superman with great disdain . maitre D ' I be sorry , but we will not be able to seat you . two shot superman ( the smile fade ) I know I be a little early but -- maitre d' we will not be able to seat you later either . ( pointedly ) gentlemen be require to wear jacket and tie . superman ( nonpluss ) oh. ( to himself ) I would better try to catch she before she leave . int . corridor , metropolis HOTEL - night this be that clean , nicely furnish , moderately - priced family hotel we all wish really exist . on the elevator door -- as they open and clark emerge , straighten he tie . follow he as he hurry down the corridor , past the room service trolley beside the door of room 311 . he knock on the door . a very spiffily dress lana open it . lana Clark ! what a nice surprise ! come on in . int . metropolis HOTEL room - night ricky be sit at a little table / desk , enjoy the room service supper that be bring up on that trolley outside . the room be small , a bit cramped , what with a fold cot that have be move in for ricky , plus a chair , table , lana be bed , etc . ricky hi. mister kent ( as clark smile back , ricky can not help brag : ) guess who Mom 's have dinner with tonight ? superman ! clark ( apologetically , to lana ) actually , that 's why I stop by . he 's really sorry , he want to make it , but then he ... run into a problem . lana look a little disappointed , but less so than ricky . lana ( nodd understandingly ) I guess he miss a lot of dinner . clark but if you would not mind settling for I -- lana ( brighten ) anyday ... two -shot -- clark and lana clark he ask I to give you something . you know , he and I , we talk all the time . and when he hear about you have to pawn you diamond ring , he think that be terrible . ( awkwardly ) so when he find this sort of , um , lie around -- well , he think you might like to have it . he take from he breast pocket a little ring set with the diamond superman squeeze out of coal . he lay it in she hand . mo . c.u. lana -- she just stare at it as if she can not believe this be happen . when she look up at clark , she eye be very large and a little moist . lana I ...i ... but she be too move for ward . finally , she can only throw she arm around clark and hig he with all she might and all she heart . which he do not mind a bit . int . corridor , metropolis HOTEL - night on the elevator door -- as they open . this time it be brad who step -- or stumble -- out , hold forth he new best friend , the two sinister type ( one with scar and eyepatch , one with shve head and mustache ) we saw earlier in the bar with ( evil ) superman . brad wait till you see she . ( waxing poetic ) Hair like a sunset , eye like star , and build like a -- guy with eyepatch ( overlap , scornfully ) a chick like that , what 's she want with you ? brad she 's my girl . I come all the way from smallville just to bring she back . ( with great assurance ) she 's crazy about I -- she just do not know it yet . they lurch down the corridor , peer at room number . int . metropolis HOTEL rom - night slip the ring on she finger , lana study its gleam in the lamplight and glow with pleasure herself . ricky ( he own perspective ) wow , a ring form superman ! lemme see , Mom ! he jump up , knock a dish of hard candy off the table . they scatter on the carpet . ricky look dismay , but clark be , as always , ready to help . clark ( quickly ) here , I will get that . he kneel to pick up the candy . lana ( still in the throes of emotion ) I really do not know what to say . ( as clark smile up at she , she almost blushes ) thank you . I mean , thank he -- wide angle -- it be at just this moment that brad and he booz buddy burst in to see " he girl " sport a diamond ring on she outstretch hand and look soulfully down at clark kent , who be down on one knee , gaze up at she . to brad it all mean one thing : brad wha ---- you sonofa---- lana Brad ! brad charge into the room like a bull , he two buddy ( brawler by nature ) right behind he . ( note : clark be dilema in this fight be that he must retain the clark kent identity , i.e. not only can he not use super - power , he can not even hit anybody since it would be lethal . therefore , he strategy be to look clumsy and awkward , while actually manipulate the defeat of the three bully . what follow be very quick : ) brad , drunk , take a swing at clark and miss ; he momentum send he fall forward over the room 's chair . clark whoops ---- the bald guy throw a tale lamp at clark , who duck in time . as lana and ricky try to get out of the way , the bald guy charge clark before clark can get to a upright position . thus clark come up just in time to " accidentally " butt he attacker in the gut . the bald guy sail right into the open closet , smash he skull against the inside wall . out cold , he slide to the floor . quickly , lana run over and shut the closet door on he , as if to say , " that 's that . " the guy with the eypatch be enraged : clark put he hand up , as if back away : clark take it easy now , c'mon , be reasonable . insert : clark kick the fall lamp at the guy foot . the guy with the eyepatch step on th lamp , trip , fall forward full force on the fold cot , which promptly fold itself up , both side , squashing and imprison he inside the mattress . in effect , the guy be fill in a sandwich completely immobilize . on brad : who pick himself up , glare drunkenly at clark , practicaly paw the grounf as he speak : brad Kent , I hate you . I always hate you . and you know why , Kent ? because you be nice . Nice guy finish ---- and before he can utter the word " last , " he 's overcome with rage . he put down he head , roar like a animal , and charge at clark like a bull at a toreador . clark go to pick up the glass candy dish , shich be in brad be hand . brad catapault over he and go right out the open door , land splat on top of the room service trolley in the hallway . int . corridor , metropolis HOTEL - night cause the trolley , with brad spread -eagle on top of it , to head right for the elevator . just as we think it 's go to crash , the elevator door open and brad , trolley and all , roll right into the elevator where a dignified couple stand . int . elevator the woman look down with distaste at the drunken and batter brad lay on top of the food on the serve tray . woman no wonder they send it back . her husband nod . int . DAILY planet , perry white's office - day perry be at he desk . lois be sit face he , look trim and tan and terrific . clark be beside she . perry lois , I have get to hand it to you . you be amazing . who else could manage to turn a three - week tropical vacation into a front page story that 's go to blow the lid off government corruption in the Caribbean ? lois I just know I be onto something when that taxi driver kidnap I . clark ( repress a tiny , fond smile ) you be the best , lois . lois I would better be . suddenly I have get competition to keep up with . ( as clark look confuse ) you high school reunion article . I though it be terrific . and fascinating . ( shyly curious ) especially about the girl back home . ( expansively ) I will tell you what , Clark , I will take you to lunch and you can tell I all about it . clark gee , I be sorry , lois . but I have already get a lunch date . with Mr. White 's new secretary . lois ( intrigue ) oh ? new angle -- the office door open and lana lang , look very perky , stick she head in . lana ( softly , as she put some papers on perry be desk ) hi. Clark . perry lois , meet lana lang . smallville 's latest gift to metropolis . lois ( more intrigue , take a closer look at she now ) oh ?? lana glad to meet you , miss Lane . I like you write a lot . lois thanks . ( shaking the hand , lana have offer , lois can not help notice the ring on she other hand ; lightly ) I like you sparkler a lot . lana ( confide , happily ) I too . I could not believe it when Clark give it to I . lois ( she can not believe it either ) Clark give you -- ??? she can not finish the sentence . but she do not get a chance to , anyway . from off -screen , the not - so dulcet tone of miss henderson : miss henderson Mr. White , look what I have get for you . on miss henderson -- push before she a new bingo machine -- the electronic kind that have jet of air push the plastic ball inside a dome like popcorn maker . the jingo sign be attach . miss henderson ( terribly thrilled ) it 's modern . it 's up - to-date . it 's state - of - the art . ( to all ) people , I be in love with this machine . ( she push it in front of perry ) go ahead , Mr. White . perry ( already miserable ) where 's the handle ? miss henderson ( giggle ) there be no handle ! you just push a button . she show he the button . he punch it . the machine activate . the plastic ball begin to jump and leap inside the dome . then it start go faster . faster . smoke start to curl from the machine . sound : a awful grind noise . lois what 's that terrible smell ? on the machine -- it self - destruct , fire jingo ball all over the office , explode its plastic dome . full shot -- as all stand there , stunne . clark ( back out of the room ) uh... excuse I , folk ... perry Kent ! clark I be sorry , Mr. White , but I have get a errand to run . ext . sky above pisa - day on superman as he fly . superman ( shameface , to himself ) gosh , what a awful thing to have do . he start to descend . wide shot : he arrive at the top of the tower , start to push it back down again so that it will lean once more . ext . souvenir stand , pisa - dusk where we man once again admire he stock of vertical Tower model , look to the real thing , look back and then do a double - take worthy of billy Gilbert in he prime : for the Tower be now the leaning tower again and all he ware be useless . hysterical , he smashes shelf tot he ground , make violent obscene gesture at the cape hero above , weep and scream . shopkeeper cretino ! stronzo ! ( and other expletive delete ) ext . sky / space all problem attend to , he fly majestically across the magical place where light blue sky deepen into the dark black of outer space . as he fly to camera , he shrug as if to say , " well , you can not win them all , folk . " then there 's the comforting , familiar , warm smile and the little salute that let we know the world be safe in the hand of the one , the only ... superman ! the end