= '' o brother 4/17 ravision by Ed solome and Ryan rowe 4 /28 revision by ec sclomon $ / 7 revision by ea Solomon lightmotive , Inc. 662 °n. Robertson Blvd. Los Angeles , can 90069 no portion of this ' script may be perform or repreduce by any means , or quote or publish in any medium , without the prior write consent of lightmotive , Inc. revision 5 - 30 ext . swamp - day L a otherworldl landscape . the sky be red , the earth a bubbling staw of primor . 1 ooze ... '' brooklyn ... sixty - fiv million year ago . " el supe , suddenly a noise be hear . the sky darken . then a gigantic meteorite collide with the surface shatteri cataclysnic impact . slow -motion close on a piece of it - - a4 , cone= shape sliver -- which spin off of it ... ext . brooklyn ( 1972 ) - niget 2 lightning strike , thunder pveal ... super : '' brooklyn ... twenty year ago ... " tilt up on a dark . and a black boot hit a puddle , no then he spin , : stoppin figure , gaze admiringly across at manhatt : head deeper into Brooklyn ... ext . brcoklyn church ( 1972 ) - night 3 lightn silhouettes the spire of a gothic church . rain overflow the gutter . a breathless young woman pound on the door , glance back . she tenderly place a bundle on the step , then remove from she neck a cone - shape pendant ( this be the piece which spun from the meteor 65 - million year ego ) . she place it deep within the bundle ( inside the egg ) and race off . the door open , nun look down . oo ext . brooklyn STREET ( 1972 ) - night headlights flare , a car skid . the woman dodge traffic to reach the other side and run smack into the dark figure . knocked flat , she look up : a haunt , know gaze . behind the wet tangle of hair be a strike 20 - year - old beauty . ' he offer he hand . she dart past he to a subway entrance . int . tunnel ~ night . 5 down the track , the woman pull away some board and enter a abandon tunnel , shore up by rotting beam . she move toward a distinctive rock formation at the end . but the dark figure overtake she , spin she around to face hin . handsome and intense , almost hypnotic , this be the young koopa . koopa where 's the rock ? the woman will not speak . she try to wrench free . koopa where do you leave the rock ? revision 5- 30 page la she throw herself at a support beam . rock crash down . koopa scramble deeper in the tunnel . revision 5/7/92 candle -lit room - night Le - Inside be a decorative metal egg . out the pendant ... and ... a ot~and - a-half long . and it 's it hinge real egg . move ... the shell crack and cut burst ... a tiny baby 's hand . thunder reck the church as the nun gasp , and we CUT to : * omit scene a7 's brooxyln apartment - day lf ext . mario brote establish shot ... mario ( 0.5 . ) when cis the accident happen ?... int Marae Gass apt or - close on a fade , 1 J very grainy black and white fcrtrait of a strong - look man , preué and stubborn . with 2 hug , elaborate handle - sar moustache . super : " brooklyn ... ncw . " camera begins to move along a fireplace mantle ... past another , portrait ... of who must be he son , with a smaller , yet still somewhat elaborate handle - bar moustache . mario ( 0.s. ; continued ) no , relax . it 's a simple operation . easily handle by professional ... temperature still rise ?... another , somewhat newer portrait ... still old , still with a moustache ... ( this be mario 's father ) ... mario ( 0.s. } cont /d ) do not use it , do not move it , do not loosen that blanket . you do not wanna lose it , do you ?... at a desk be a solid , no -nonsense , bulwark of a man ... mario mario , the elder mario brother . mario ( a doctor 's confidence ) ... then do exactly as I say . well be right there . mario hang up , jump up , and march across : revision 5/7/32 3 int . the mario brother apartment - sitting room - continuous & the decor be " old - person , " inherite from they parent . mario luigi ! we get a break dishwasher at the riverfront Cafe . you know what that m ss ? we govt work . glue to the tv be ... luigi mario , 22 - year old . " hel lankier , dreamier ... bas ly not like he brother mario be neat , igi not . luigi watch tv. luigi wait , t... on " cur miraculous World , " this guy just find out he 's a alien . mario stick be head between luigi and the tv . I know be we be still gecin’ break . goin break . mario sift through the , luigi go off to get he elt . % straighten they . notice one tabloid on the coffee tab particular tabloid . bot mario I can not believe you buy this miracle hooey . luigi ( 0.s. ) hey -- that 's get the article on the miss Brooklyn girl . mario yeah , and it 's also get one - on a scientist who turn brain into cheese . luigi ( still 0.s. ) I dunne . maybe it could happen . mario how !? how could that possibly happen ?! luigi ( enter with tool belt ; try to figure it out ) well , I do not know ... say you drink a lotta milk , but you do not swallow it , ( more ) revision 5/7/92 luigi ( ccnt ’d ) hen you shake you head really and for some raason you head idunno , re. gerate ... maybe somewhere , somehow , there 's a i it could happen that then : cheese . ' sally hard to follow this logic . ext . brccklyn MAIN - up , batter van as a loose tailpipe . trat han ay . on the side be 's umber ~ brooklyn be mario ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? int . mario brother van - moving - day 70 luigi drive hard . mario hold a neatly - pen map . luigi I dunno , I get a go feel about this alley - way . mario what ?! every time you get a " good feel " about something we end up bruisec , break , or in some kinda brouhaha . reak the habit , 's okay ? luigi breath in , big bro there . xr . we will get q / ext . river cafe - day they whip out onto the street , where luigi pull the van over to the side of the road , then stop and smile . luigi and what have I tell you ? faster . he point . mario look . they be at ... " the River cafe . " revision 5/7/32 mario it 's a miracle we make it alive . luigi I think you do not : believe in miracle . en ) relax , tough guy . I be just give you grief . luigi notice semething through mario 's side of the van . maric turn he head . see ... another van ( complete with multiple phone park by the can versus , etc ) be park ... " scapelli construction , number , fax nu : plumbing and conc instince e side of it , except luigi tively graz he and stop hin . mario scapel int . river cafe - the kitchen - day iq the mario Brothers hustle in , each wear a tool bzlt . talk to the snooty owner , pascal , be white - cover - all - wear scapelli plumber , doug and mike . slimy scumbag . doug +.» it 's a two day job , that 's if we get the part you need , and boy , you know hew order part can get ... mario size the situation , and jump in , talk to pascal mario you say it be a dishwasher - — ( glaring at Doug and Mike ) -- when you call we for the job . pascal it be . it leak from its bottom . mario that 's a washer , maybe a hose . you be lock at a two hour job . this guy . be try to snow you . Doug and Mike just look at maric , then at pascal . boug would you excuse we , please ? revision 5- 30 page 6 they lead mario cut of pascal 's earshot , inadvertantly grab he by the belt . mario hey . nobody touch my tool . even thug Mike understand the sacredness of this . but seidi , he press he point . mike iouncerstand . and I assume you understand , mario mario , that nobody mess with we boss . Doug and Mike lean in cleser , point at they covar-alls . doug ee . we boss , scav i . know hin ? mario know hin ? I grow up with he . he be not a plumber , he 's a toxic waste dumper . he do not know a pipe froma crow kar . mario just will not back down . Doug and Mike glare at he , then call over to pascal . doug what be it ? marios or scapellis ? pascal swallow -- the name be important here . pascal two day sound fine . scapelli ? Doug smile , then nod to Mike . pascal turn to the guy pascal I make it up for yu be get you some special dinner . mario ( fix on Doug and Mike ) unbelievable ... what line of work be not scapelli involved with now ? ext . bank of the east river - excavation site - day a major excavation . Signs read " scapelli construction . " construction worker picket and hassle the hard - hatted academics who consult clipboard and study reck and fossil . other student volunteer sort plastic bag into box . r&b revise 7/3/92 pp. continued : oo a limo pull up Three guy get out : ANTHONY scapelli , a young John get ype , and two mug im suit . the crowd part as he push he way through . scapelli i who 's in charge of this hole ? step in he way , magnificently unimpress . a beautiful gi daisy I be the boss ... here . she look familiar , with the same eye as the woman in the open scene . a crystal pendant hang from she neck . Anthony stop , nod , smile . he like she gut . then ... scapelli I be Anthony scapelli . I be the boss ... elsewhere . my boy need to get back to work here . how long you gonna be digging up this bone ? daisy as long as we court order last , Mr. scapelli . the university have explain how important this site be . we will get do sooner if you goons stop harass we , scapelli you look like you know what you be do . I 'il bet you will be do by tonight ... he lean forward and whisper , charmingly . scapelli a lot of girl have go miss in Brooklyn lately . I would be careful . he spin on he heel and stalk away . Daisy summon she resolve and turn to a nerdy student volunteer . daisy I be go to go find a phone and call the University . keep everyone digging ' till I get back . he nod . Daisy start walk . reb revise 7/3/92 P. 8 . omit 14 angle on nondescript rented car . 28 two guy sit . pallor to face , and a unnatural spike . they clothes look brand new -~ in fact , the price tag be still on . and spike 's blazer still have the plastic slipcover on it . this guy be not from around this part . iggy this time you be not gonna blow it . S bt os I ? I be the on ( laugh ) ha. lookit you -- like you really fit in , that iculous suit you wear . owe it ? I look perfect -- regulat brookland . you be the one lookin ' stupid . parker bennett & Terry runte - ( 312 ) 871-8911 - created : Monday , July 13 , 1992 10:21 pm - page 1 of 4 res revision Wise rp bp. 9 .® spike I look sharp . hey -- that 's she spike nudge iggy as Daisy head up the read . both squint . iggy sure it 's she I mean . two arm , one head . two lege . spike then get move . he 's gonna kill we if we blow it again . int . iggy & spike' car ( traveling ) - day 16 iggy drop it in gear and gum it . right into the car ahead . spike open he door as iggy put it in reverse , and rrrrips the door off they own car . but they do not care . he pull out to tail Daisy . occasionally scraping car . never stop to look . the emergency brake 's on ; smoke pour out . iggy come on , car , move . . ed , honking the horn . iggy pound the steering wheel , frust EST . restaurant ( bela napoli ) near phone booth - daisy 27s turn to look back , not really sure she sav anything ... ext , restaurant ( bela napoli ) - late afternoon ( new scene ) ale * luigi be climb into the van as mario turn the key : rrrrrrrrr ... rrrrrrerrr ... it will not start . mario now what ?! mario stomp out -- but luigi remain poise by the door : something have catch he eye : Daisy be at the phone booth , digging through she many pocket for change . mario ( 0 . 5 . ) luigi , either go talk to that girl . or help not out here . luigi smap out of it , sheepishly vander over to join mario by the open hood . glance over he shoulder at Daisy mario Hand I a wrench ... luigi hand he a glove . mario just look at hin . parker bennett & Terry runte ~ ( 312 ) 871-8911 - created : Monday , July 13 , 1992 10:21 pm - page 2 of 4 rep reviszon polf " BP P. 10 .* int . phone booth - day ( new scene } bag Daisy be enraged and upset . daist find the money . we need security .. suddenly , spike drop into view , press against the glass , hang upside down from atop the booth . Daisy scream and turn -- iggy be there , block she path . at the van - mario and luigi race to she aid . spike and iggy see they . and dash away mario you okay ? ( as she no luigi . wake sure 2 okay . mario nudge luigi . and head back to the van . luigi be leave stand there , hold he wrench . luigi you okay ? daisy yeah . thanks . I think that creep have be follow we wigi look at he shoe , speechless . Daisy wit a beat daisy I be Daisy . luigi Daisy . that 's nice . I never meta Daisy before . I have see the flower lot of time . ( quickly ) not that I hang out in flower shop . mario can hear a 11 this he roll he eye daisy well , bye ... luigi we have a van ... he gesture , " look , a yan . " Daisy smile . he 's cute but ... daisy yes ? be you offer I a ride ? parker bennett & Terry runte ~ ( 312 ) 871-8911 ~ created : Monday , July 13 , 1992 10:22 pm - page 3 of 4 & p revision & luigi well , it 's break . . ( think quickly } unless you be downhill from here . mario throw down he rag . luigi ig drive he nut . mario it 's fix ! mario walk over and stand between they , face Daisy . mario : ( passionately . impatiently ) what my brother . luigi. be try to say be . he do not know what to say . cause you get he all mix up . just stand near you make he feel so ... so full of emotion . he do not know where to start . so he 's ask you if you would like a ride , ' cause it would give he 4 few more moment to bask in you presence . I be paraphrase . of course . the point be . if you believe in love st first sight . get in the van . otherwise . go away , 80 we can get back to work . that last part 's mine . he go to pick up he tool , and leave luigi and Daisy smile at each other , flushed . excited , embarrassed . omit 16 ert . excavation site - day 19 % the yan pull to a stop . Daisy hesitates as she get out . daisy well. um . thanks again . mario sure. luigi ? yae not there something you want to ask ? Daisy look attentive . but luigi can not seem to form the word . mario oh , now you remember . you be gonne ask she to join we for dinner . ( to Daisy ) he do not mean to be too forward . daisy oh. no ... that would be nice . P. 11a .* r&b revision 7/13/92 int , the mario bros . apartment - sitting room - night 20 mario and luigi argue as they get ready to go to dimmer . luigi tf you want I to do something . do not talk for I . mario tf you want to talk , when you open you mouth . word gotta come out . revision 5/7/32 L2 luigi what word be I ¢genna say ? you dare to about you life blood like that in front cf this great man ? ( curn the 3 photo back the wall ) what you gotta do ? you gotta family pride . luigi ay know wi I gotta do -- but come to what you gotta do , you get no idea . mario what ara you talk about ? luigi eow come you do not ask she you ? Cause you be afraid isn you down , that 's why . Daniel start out of the roocn . suddenly Mr. what -word -am-i-gonna - say be all full of word . luigi mario ... mario , come back here . mario -- I need the ask you something . mario ( stop , turn ) what ? luigi ( beat ) so , with that girl , Daisy . '' so ... whattye think I should do ? mario nod . come over to hin . mario kid , you / be ashamed of what you ara ? the first thing you be gonna do ... be tell she what you . be . ( then , while pull hin out ) and besides , even if the girl be a princess ... they toilet clog up , too , you know . r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 13. ext . excavation site - night floodlight illuminate the fence - off area , as Daisy pack up . she 's on edge , worried about scapelli 's threat . little sound echo from within the cave entrance : rock fall , maybe a rat ... a revving SOUND startles she as ... a van pull up -- backlit ominously by the floodlight . but it 's the mario bros. van . she smile in reli open the door and step out . then he hop back as luigi close ~ van the door open again . and luigi be thrust out . mario ( 0.s. ) go ... luigi stride for Daisy . luigi hi , uh ... I be just in the neighborhood . daisy I be glad it 's you . he stop . ight by she . luigi yeah ? well , I , uh ... I want to tell you something i’ do not get to say before . daisy that could be a lot . luigi well , first of all , I want to say : I be a plumber ... Daisy be not quite sure why he 's tell she this . daisy that 's ... great . you can never find a plumber when you need one . a beat . mario honk the van horn . luigi quickly recover : luigi listen -- you want to go eat ? my brother 's with he girlfriend and we be just ... daisy Su r&b revision 7/3/92 6 x the same scene - viewed from across the STREET luigi usher Daisy into the van . int . iggy and spike' rental car - same iggy and spike stare , dumbfounded and angry . ik to that van , i sp she 's get in iggy okay . we will follow they , and get she when she come out -- no matter what . spike nod . he lash it wi he tongue . ig '' gy what be you do ? int , italian restaurant - " bella napoli " - night Old fashioned italian . thick rug , thick sauce , thick patron . photo of italian american legend , etc . suddenly spot a fly on the windshield . 21 23 revision 5/7/92 1s ome mid-conversation -- luigi with Daisy , 3 arm around daniella -- in a corner booth . , very breoklyn , with - long crimscn nail . we find the four : and mario with h she 's dark , bal 's mario and danielle be both really try to understand what Daisy 's talk about . dad okay , straight . scapelii blast and they find bone t in the rock ? daisy luigi could something call be impertant . esy , it mean that a meteor may have hit , a long tine ago . we think that could be what wipe out the dinosaur . luigi wow. dinosaur in Brooklyn . mario relax , luigi - - there use to be dodger here , tso . daniella ( nudging mario ) mario ... luigi yeah , chill , mario . we bre talk to the head bone-ologist at New York University here . daisy not head . yet . at the moment I be the only one willing to work the long hour for the little money . revision 5/7/92 16 daniella oh , I know . same at the tanning salon . and Harry -my -bess be such a jerk . like today , T go to flax 's to get my hair do . lock nice . daniella thanks , pupgy-3un anyway , straight off , hazry 's mad -- lixe he do not notice - ~ mario mayke he 's tick cause you do it on company tine . ella I do not cut all of it off . ( back to Daisy ) speak of which , you have love flaxie . she have aiso do you color . and between the three of we , we could find a better set for that incredible rock you get there -- can I see that a minute ? daisy actually ... I do not take it off . I know it 's weird , but it 's the only thing I have get from when I be find . daniella I be sorry ? found ? daisy I be abandon . I be bring up in St. Teresa 's on fulton Street . luigt wow ... so you do not know who you mother or father be either ? daisy no . what do you mean either ? luigi mario bring I up . I guess that sort of make my brother my mother - - er , well , my father ... I mean ... revision 5/7/92 ry oo daniella , sense a uncom : ia , it 's such a nice night , and two pecple -- ma and twe pecple a dan be need to get the van back home ... mario so thet leave ... luigi iocan cc this myself ... pudgy - buns. Daisy ) so ... can I walk you home , or what ? LA napoli " - night a valet pull tt mario lead dani in . then the Van pull away . int . iggy and sp ? 's rental car - same watch this , they lean forward , eye glue . spike Hair different . clothes different . different height ... igcy devious . she 's wear a disguise . spike . : yeah , I could spot it right away . she think just cause all this 's human ' look alike , she 's gonna fool we . icey we will get ex when he drop she off . yan up the the awning , and get out . 17 table situation , interrupt . 24 we S py by proudly , they pull out , scrrrrap a car in the process . ext . restaurant - continuing 2g just as they pass , Daisy and luigi emerge into the night . neither be comfortable one on one . luigi would it be okay if I take you arm ? revision 5/7/92 1a luigi arm , more like arm over luigi i / m not thinkin we should like swap bone or something ... a pause . both they should just shut up . they link arm . walk . anca we CUT to : ext . brooklyn iment block - night 2 the mario Brothers 's Van pull up , and park . mario get out and go around to the other side , open the door . ext . daniella 's apartment - same 2 . S daniella and maric at the door , lotta history ; lotta love . mario so what do you think ? daniella she 's nice . a little strange , but this be luigi we be talk about . mario so you think maybe ... this be it ? daniella mario ... he 's shy . you do not wanna rush it . - marto but ... possibly ? daniella possibly possibly . mario {as if it be 1000 word : ) hey ... revision 5/7/92 19 daniella ( another thousand : ) jey , you ... they kiss . and he let she co into the apartment . turn . head back to the van . but when he get in ... and iggy appear and ! follow she inside ... we hear a mute scream .... and we CUT to : ext . brcoklyn side ste - night zg arm , take in the night . apologize now if no thing I say no all day ina spend you night 's that have be then bout ( speax ) e2 - T think it sound fascinating -— - daisy ( without have stop ) ... in fact , if you want to end this now , I understand . luigi I be go to ask you the same thing . in fact , if you wanna stop this , but then feel bad about that and need to talk to someone about it , you can call I . pause . she look at hin . daisy you really think this stuff sound interesting ? luigi I think it sound incredible . Way down the alley , the rental car screech past on the main road ... daisy if you want , I can ... show you . r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 20 . * omit 30 * * * k * ' * * x * int . excavaticn site - tunnel - night 31 * a flashlight hold be dai . y illuminate the darken tunnel . luigi follow she , wave he own flashlight . it 's dark . they be close . we catch they in mid-conversation , . ... while most kid be go to cartoon , I be read about dinosaur . I use to make the nun take I to the museum of natural history , and I would not want to leave . I think I really wear they out . luigi yeah , nothing like cranky nun . more dangerous than that rove gang . daisy I do not understand why , but I have be draw to this stuff all my life . tf feel more at home here than up in the city . they enter the fossil area . revision 5- 30 page 20 a luigi . yeah , it 's a nice place you get here . ( xe the dark , windowless chamber ) Nice view . daisy you know , you ‘’re right . you might be the first person I have ever meet who 's actually a little weirder than I . luigi believe I , if there 's anything I understand , it 's be into thing you do not understand . luigi look at she in the dim light . she do not notice he look at she . she be too into show he the fossil . daisy like leok at this . guy like he use to roam the earth . what be he think , before he die ? luigi probably : " nocoocseo ! I do not wanna diel " daisy the proportion of the bone here , the opposable thumb ... it 's almost as if he be a monster try to be a human be ... she look at the thrust jaw full of sharp tooth . luigi , look at she . oo luigi yeah , like he 's be draw to something ... very close to she now , he 's about to kiss she when they hear something clanking deeper in the tunnel . luigi what 's down there ? daisy the sump pump ... revision 5- 30 page 2l they start tow it ... then hear scuffling , and footfalls , coming toward m , and they both quickly douse they flashlight . they press up against the wall as two figure come out of the pump room and sneak around the corner . luigi just eatch the letter " apelli plu " . luigi scapelli 's ... they see water seeping into the passageway . daisy thank God you be here . luigi what co you mean ? daisy well , you / be a plumber , right ? luigi muster up a bunch of fake confidence . luigi sure . I know exactly how to handle it . int . the mario brother apartment - bedroom - night scene 32 mario get ready for bed ( he sleep in a night - shirt and sleep cap ) , set he . tool belt like a baby on the bed next to he when luigi and Daisy burst in , out of breath . luigi mario . scapelli 's flood Daisy 's excavation site . mario scapelli ? strap on you tool belt , kid ... we be goin 's in . revision 5/7/92 22 mario scapelli ? strap on you tcol belt , kid ... wa be goin 's in . 35 int . tunnel —- Daisy rush in . mario and luigi follow . 34 int . tunnel pum - night the water be ankle - deep . mario rush past Daisy . he hold out slap the tocol bolt . instantly -- fwap -- lu. mario drop it down over a lar cresce cumberland gauge . Palm out -- fwap mario lay it on a dial , twist slowly . mario Hand . Palm out ~ -- fwap . luigi lay he own hand in mario 's , then brace himself as mario lean down , reach into the muck . support he brother , luigi look over at worried Daisy . he wink , then smile , point at mario . luigi piece a cake . guy know he stuff . _ int . deep in the bowel of the tunnel - night bs deeper than we have be before . it 's pitch black -- then two twin pencil beam of light crisscross in the darkness . a moment later we see the face of iggy and spike . they carry flashlight and they be come from deep inside . spike wrong again . how many be that we get wrong ? revision 5/7/92 23 iggy four . spizz 0 for 4 . what percent be that , anyway ? igcy I dunn . lemme think . both just get blank look on they face . nothing come . after a beat . igcy what ever it be , it be not good . spire I be tailing yeu , he 's gonna kill we . act , clamping he finger in spike 's arn . , and he douse he flashlight , point : that ? smell it ? it 's they drop into crsuches and move forward . for the first time we get a cl dinecarnivore ancestry . they head swing , as though hunt as much by smell as sight . int . tunnel pumping area - night 3g now mario be on he knee , lean against the rock wall , try to reach around e large valve . luigi kneel with he , try to get a different tool around the back side . mario no problem . this be amateur work . you good sabotage take day to fix . we will be do in a hour . Daisy nod , shine she flashlignt on 's the operation ... ... until she sense something . and it goe right by her -- whack ! whack ! oth mario and luigi get blow to the head . they reel and slump , and go goofy in the leg . Daisy swing the flashlight like a samurai sword , but arm wrap around she tight . Daisy bite , kick , yell . but she 's no match for both of they . they start to drag she into the depth of the tunnel . she yell ... revision 5/7/92 24 second later ~ back with the brother soa 7 luigi be get greggily the he knee , he hand rub the pain at the back of he neck . luigi Daisy ?... Daisy ?! he look around for she ... she 's nowhere . luigi leap to he foot and rouse rio , who 's ts search , punchy . instinctively , he check for he tocl . mario what harpen ? luigi haul maric t hey ! the guy sp mazio point deeper ( pull he the other ) no -- this way . that 's the echo . ( then , wag he finger ) trust I on this . I spend ny life with my ear to pipe and tube . I know what I be talk about . luigi hesitates a moment , then follow mario. fom 433 ) int . tunnel - portal area - night sx . the tunnel end in a cave . mario and luigi rush in and stop . luigi glare . there be no ene to be see . luigi this way ? trust you ? mario I coulda swear it be come from down here ... the water be deepen . then , again , the siren call : daisy 's voice ( ever-so-distant ) . leave I alone you .... reptile ! revision 5/7/92 25 the Brothers locx closer . the voice sound like it come from the rock wall . luigi rush to it , look hard . then he step back . in front of he , seemingly solid rock . suddenly , the rocx wall in front of they ... ripples ! and -- rs through the solid surface ! Daisy 's face ap i she hand reach out to hin ... she see lui the guy gare . then solid ston rock swirl n the pendar 1 she baci gi be leave ough the wall and pu clese over she . unwilling to believe what they / have rock with he fist . suddeniy he 's the brother exc ? just see . lu. sucked riget in . he pound '' '' happen . ee kick it . again , nothing . and search for a answer , he lean against it . suddenly -- tewump -- he 's suck threugh . x 34 mario tumble , frae -floating in a crazy - kinda - cosmic vortex -- a bizarre distorticn of shifting dimension . int . cosmic vor ' then shape solidify and focus clear . he 's ... in the meteorite chamber and he land next to luigi . luigi do we die ? be this hell ? mario no . if this be hell ... there have he accordion music . they have barely enough time to glance across what we / will later discover be the top of the meteorite hefore they see daisy , on the other side , be drag into a tunnel . daisy ow ! I told you to keep you tongue to yourself . the guy start toward the tunnel . revision 5- 30 luigi there she be ! ( run ) come on , mario . run ! mario follow ) I be no -- how do you get in such ' good shape lyin around on the couch al day ? luigi I get up a lot to change the channel -- it 's net like we get a remote control or nothi mario we have one till you lose it -~ and , mid-argumen= ( as though they be anywhere ) they leap into the tunnel and we cut to : ext . koopa square - subway tunnel - base of long ramp door OPEN to reveal mario and luigi on platform above guard . the brother come out , having argued the whole way through , and still argue . luigi -.- be not messy , I know where everything be , always . I get pile for thing . mario okay , then where 's you tool ? luigi lock down . his belt be half empty . daisy 's disappearing voice nol ! they look -- see Daisy on the other side of a chain link fence . they leap down , rush toward the entrance , which be block by the throng of people try to get through . ext . koopa square = top of ramp huffing and puffing , the guy reach the top of the ramp ( where subway construction be go on -- at one point a I - beam swing by on a crane ) and look out over the entirety of koopa square= -- a bizarre , New York -like cornucopia . mario ( be the sprawling city ) what be this ? revision 5- 30 p27 luigi I dunno . I be not be to Manhattan for a couple of week ... mario look like it 's be a bad couple of week ... ( be ubiquitous fungus ) this be disgusting . luigi mario ! look ! daisyy !! there Pov - belcw they - down in the STREET be Daisy , be drag through the heavy street - level traffic by spike and igcy , toward a await taxi . closer shot - ext . koopa square - STREET level Daisy turn -- lock up , sees marto and luigi way up on the platform . behind her , two car crash , and two housewive get out , chat happily , as if it be nothing . as she call to they , she be yanked into the taxi ! daisy luigi ! mario ! ext . koopa square - top of ramp = continuous at the top of the crowded ramp , the guy look for option . luigi we be comin ! mario this way ! the guy try to rush down the nearest stairway -- whic 's crowded . they go around , reach out over the balcony Daisy -- but it give way . and they fall over . the fungus -rotted railing onto : ext . koopa square - middle level - continuous a waterless fountain , where they land near one of many ads for some guy , " koopa . " ( " koopa the environmentalist " , for example ) mario / luigi you okay ?/ how you doin , mario ? ( beat ) I be fine -- you be the one without the pad . / no , I be cool , you be the old one , revision 5/7/92 luigi I do not see she ! aeh ! two allosaurus rat snarl at he -- and he leap off the fountain , almost literally into mario 's arm . luigi where be we ?? a vendor 's at he steaming cart . he remove a hot , cocked lizard , slapping it on a hot dog bun , then grabbinc a " snake - on - a-stick " . he call to the koy . vendor get vour soil spiny @... fry tweeter ... only koopcns . you like Little wigglers ? Fifteen , mario we be , we be gonna have to be it 's Manhattan of the future , and just knock unconscious for a hundred year or semething ? mario the more practical one ) the bronx of today . no wonder 11 you to never go up here . luigi ( after a beat ) maybe it 's ... a parallel dimension . you know , a alternate world to ours , share the same space as we , but totally unreachable ... except by tunnel , and then liquid rock and ... mario really try to follow the thought . but even luigi realize he 's take a long walk on a short logic-pier . igl I know , I know . I be reach . luigi look at the giant " elect koopa the environmentalist : do not worry , we will get more " poster . luigi hey , mario ... mario yeah , luigi ? 23 r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 29 . omit 44 int . koopa' suite - night ads * koopa examine a presentation of campaign poster , he back be to we . his campaign advisor cautiously approach . campaign advisor Sir , the people be grow restless . no water ... eungus everywhere . koopa turn from the smile poster —- he 's scowling . koopa why be you tell I this ? campaign advisor well . I be you campaign advisor ... it could be a ... political issue . koopa 's hand shoot out and grab the guy 's throat . koopa all they can do here be complain : " no water ! no food !... " they have no vision ! he let go ; the guy drop to the floor . lena step over he . lena they just do not get it ... koopa look at he hand in disgust . koopa lena . he touch I with he throat . lena escort he to a vat of boil pot of parafin . int . koopa' tower - koopa' suite - night 45 * close as lena guide koopa 's hand into the wax . koopa pull it out , and lena blow it dry as they walk toward the stair . koopa for 65 million year , we people have be exile to this pithole of a sub-dimension , while the mammal have roam freely on the other side . but soon , that world will be mine . lena soon you will merge the dimension , and we will have everything you have dream of -- all we need be the rock . r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 30 . koop and the princess . I need the princess . at the bottom , lena start peel the wax , seductively . hm ... I know wh vou need ... now spike and iggy blunder in excitedly . igcy oh , sorry , six . hello , moron . spi ( proudly ) hello . iggy Sir , I have get the princess . she 's here . she 's be de -funguse . spike I drag she through the gateway . iggy I recognize she ... he could not tell ene human from another . koopa good . now what about the rock ? 3 iggy y rock , sir ? spike yes , frog-brain , where 's the rock ?... ( to koopa ) he 's always forget thing . now , what rock exactly be we talk about ? koopa grab spike by the throat with he wax hand . koopa the piece of the meteorite she wear around she neck ! I tell you not to forget it ! iggy spike . bad spike . he let go of spike , leave a parafin shell around he neck . r@b revision 7/3/92 P. al . koopa I tell you to remind he !.. , . without that piece , the meteorite remain dormant . now where be it ?!> a beat . spike and iggy look at each other . spike oh , shat rock ! the plumber take it . koopa plumber ?... iggy at the gateway koopa put out a all - point trawl get I that plumber ! curt to : *( omit page 31a ) revision 5- 30 page 3la iggy I say to he , " spike , we gotta save that -- it 's a piece of the meteorite , " but he say : ig , koopa do not care - - " koopa human plumber ? here ?? do you touch they ? it do not matter -- you touch , she , she touch they ... ( to spike ; be the boil wax kettle ) get that . pain as he hold the sizzling 's very satisfy . till koopa spike grab it -- wince w. hot kettle . igcy find thi : point to iggy 's hand . koopa sanitize yourself . iggy shove he hand in . wince . though spike be in pain , he find iggy 's pain amusing . koopa pace . koopa without the miss piece , the meteorite remain dormant , and I can not merge the dimension . you know what that mean ? both spike and iggy nod quickly -- too much pain to speak . koopa it mean we be trap in this world , with no access to the resource of the other . which mean the very end of dinosaur , the great creature to roam the earth . do you want to be responsible for that ? mo . they shake they head no . koopa hit he monitor . speak into a mic of sort . koopa put out a all point trawl . get I that plumber . on koopa , and the wince spike and iggy , we CUT to : revision 5- 30 page 32 46 ext . koopa square , dyno - hattan - ( parallel new york} - night luigi feel he neck where the pendant hang . he 's bum . mario , sit next to he curbside , be equally bum . a piece of building crumble behind luigi . the fungus surround it . luigi spot a mushroom . finger it a moment before toss it away . hookers pass by . other STREET people . luigi I can not believe we lose she . mario I know , kid . I know . they just sit , shaking they head , as a friendly old lady approach , in a wheelchair . old lady you guy from out of town ? mario brocklyn . she frown -- never hear of it . old lady dangerous part of town here , boy . should not wander ' round without a weapon . d' you get one ? luigi no . old lady good == gimme all you money . she pull out a evil- look stun stick from she coat . blindingly fast , she leap from she wheelchair and frisk then , lift they wallet . mario resist . he get zap , and reel back as if stung bya cattleprod . the Old Lady pull dollar bill from they wallet -- they mean nothing to she . she toss they aside . mario hey ! that 's thirty - three buck ! old lady I need koopon , you lame - os . suddenly she notice something -- the pendant which luigi have be try to quietly hide from she - revision 5- 30 page 33 old lady well ... that oughta do just fine ... she zap he anc grab the pendant . luigi ow ww ! you can not have this -- it 's not even cur -- owww ! hey !! the Old Lady turn to wheel away , but stop as she sees : the meanest , toughest looking woman ever , wear a rubber spikey dress with black leather accessory . this be ... bertea . bertha yank the Old Lady aut of ner chair , jerk she over she head and shake she , make she loot rain down . then she toss she out into heavy traffic . screeeech . ignoring luigi , she bend dewn to pick up she steal booty ( include the pendant ) and then stand . mario alright lady -- it be " lady " be not it ? -- hand over that rock . bertha come get it , big boy . then bertha hitches up she red rubber dress , revealing strange pneumatic hi-top -- thwomp stomper . she slam two air cylinder into they . a hissing sound accompany a rise series of beeps , and then -- schwoom ! bertha 's Air stomper catapult she into the air . she bounce onto the walkway then across the street and over toward the boom boom bar . mario and luigi watch , agape , when a STREET musician ( we x11 call he lemmy ) , call out from under a awning . he strum .somé strange instrument . r&b revision 7/3/32 P. 34 . toad / lemmy hey ! cheer up ! how about a song ! ( a folky folk song ) we got no food , anywhere . . we got no water , got no AIR . * got no resource , we're in a stupor . the fault of course be evil king koopa -- before he even get the word out , a cop cruiser pull up and two tough - looking cop descend , clubbing he stupid . tough -looking cop # 1 you xnow the law , toad ! mario what be that about ? can not a guy sing ? tough -looking cop # 2 not 2anti - koopa song , he can not . ( then , slit-eyeing they hey ... you two by chance be not the ... plumber , be you ? luigi he I be just apprentice . why ? and -- whoom -w=ham -- they descend , night -stick fly . int . koopa towzr - koopa' suite ~ night ( new scene ) a47 * Daisy be bring in by @ guard so large he head be out of frame . koopa turn from the window , circle she , pleased ... daisy look , who be you ? what do you want with I ? koopa a favor . my name be koopa . ruler of ... ( gesture out window all that you can see . a few miserable street and a endless , interminable desert . but with you help , that will all change . now ... I need to find some friend of yours . plumber . Daisy react -- they be here ? she not a very good liar ... daisy look , I ... I do not know what you be talk about . now if you do not mind , I would like to go home . koopa my dear ... you be home . omit 47 - 48 ( scene 47 become scene a565 ) revision 5- 30 page 35 int . police headquarters - arrival area - night 49 Inside the pol car , mario and luigi react in panic as they be chain to a bench in the car . toad be with they . the car be hurtle towards a solid wall , without brake . luigi mario - - you think I drive fast . mario hey -- be not you get a speed limit in this place ? toad sure . it 's 100 mile a hour , indoors . another angle , cuiside the car 50 wheaaammmm= — the car be stop by arrester hook , like fighter plane cn a aircraft carrier . a61 - int . police headquarters - " confiscation room " 51 tool belt be slap down as mario and luigi be lead past the three - window room where they be place in front of a koopa treopa call simon . simon last name . mario mario . simon first name . mario mario . simon okay , which be which ? mario mario . simon ( to luigi ) okay , what 's you name ? luigl luigi . simon luigi luigi ? revision 5-30 page j5a luigi ( as if that be the stupidest question ) no. luigi mario . simon okay , how many marios be there between the two of you ? ' revision 5/7/92 36 bertha okay , how many marios be there between the twe of you ? no up 1 finger ) luigi mario ... ig 2 , then 3 ) «+. mario mario . luigi look at she 1 's by 50 's chain - '' smile . they guy be yanked away past a nked area . mario 's sarcastic . & 2 ( arto what 's this ? the exercise yard ? yes . fungus unit - night sa int . police headcua where gas — they , yank open they pants - — hey !-- I do not even let my girlfriend do this ! -- and shove large garden= - spraying - type device down they -- luigi ( giggle ) ow ! whoa -- come on ! I / m ticklish down there ! -- and give they a burst of powder . the boy 's eye bug . mario what the ~ ~? lemmy defungus . there 's fungus choke the whole city . horrible stuff -- take all we water . it 's everywhere , man . the guy look at he as -- another troopa throw a switch and jet of yellow chemical drench they . retching , they be prodd into the next area contain huge drying machine . as the wind pick up ... revision 5/7/92 37 cquarter - processing room - night ss int . police ++. now we find brother shackle to a wall , nunber above they head . they hair stick up from the dryer . luigi notice the number on the wall by they head . out , I grow a the plece look like a rifle range . from behind a screen a menace look gun appear ... place a red sighting laser dot between mario 's es . he think he 's have it . then -- flash -- and the machine spit out instant mug shot . int . police - cell block - night Sf the " call " be ed cage , pile one upen the other , each light by one 2 ss with different prisoner , mostly sociopath with dagger tooth ... dialogue from various prisoner : int . police hesdquarters - cell - night to we move past '' vicious - lookin we catch snipp 's . " -- " hey , look ! ma send browni -- '' whattaya in for ? " '' misdemeanor murder . I be out today . you ? " " felony jaywalk . I get the chair . " w- " will ya shut up ? I be work on my novel ... hey , how do . you spell ' dismemberment ? / " '' at the end of the cell block sit ... mario , stewing , and luigi , fascinate by he surroundings . in the cramped , claustrophobic space next to they be lemmy . lemmy " sitting in cramped detention , with plumber from another dimension ... " ( to mario ) hey , either of you guy know another word that rhyme with " dimension . " mario yeah , tension , and I be full of it , and I be gonna -- luigi wave mario off , and cross to lemmy , interested . revision $ /7/92 luigi wait -- whattya mean another dimension ? like cur world have , what , cross over or something ? '' nod , lean closer . lemmy g to history , a long time ago a meteor nit and blast the planet into parall ? universe . you know what I mean ? luigi like when you bang you head real hard , and it make you see double ? mario that 's exactly what 's happen to the two of vou . Brain cheese . a double order . swiss brain cheese -- with hole . lemy ( ignore maric ) and yeu wanna know what else I think ? all that fungus ? I think it 's we old King bewser , who 's be de -evolve into fungus , and be now try to wreak revenge on the city . lemmy nod again . but even luigi find that one a little hard to believe . mario lock at luigi : " satisfied ? " luigi okay , fine . just mellow out . mario mellow out ...? to demon in next cell ) he want I to mellow out . okay , fine . I be mellow . ( then , grab luigi ) we ' re in here cause you want to save a_girl you do not hardly know . luigi you say I should go after she -- mario . I be talk about on a date , not into another world ! r&b int Daisy be usere in by a la revision 7/3/92 P. 39 luigi then you do think we be in another world ! mario no ! I don't tht we're in another world ! I be using it as part of a argument -~ luigi if daniella be here you'd wanna find her . m {now he 's ssed ) daniella would not be so stupid as to let herself get bring here ! cuT to : women' dorm / internment room ( formerly scene 47 ) a56 e , reptile - like goomba -- and , see daniella . plus four other protest , unhappy girl . int . daniella they get you , too , huh ? daisy where be we ? daniella beat I . some guy name koopa 's look for some princess or something . I guess we do not suffice . ( come up to she Girls , this be my friend , Daisy ... police headquarters - cell - night ( scene 55 cont 'd ) b56 mario and luigi continue they argument . luigi what 's you problem ? mario you . my whole life I be takin ' care of you -- luigi what , take care , I never ask -- the overlapping argument be turn toward lemmy ... ( continued ) r&b revision 7/3/92 continued : mario ( with luigi overlap ) I promise pop I would . take care of 1 , take care of the business . well , i'm failing at both and I be sick of it ! beat . both guy look to lemmy , who finally just sing : lemmy sittin ' in a cage with two brother . listenin 's to they share with one another ... ( off mario & luigi 's look ) never mind . below - on a metal walkway troopa simon shout up at they . sgt . simon mario Brothers ? up above , mario scramble to he foot and look down . revision 5/7/92 40 mario that 's we ! an’ we want a lawyer to get we out of this chickencoop ! . simon you get one ! s& int . police headquarters - interrogation room - night looking down on a ceilingless rectangular room . there 's a table and chair , all bolt to the floor . a male figure rise as the brother be ushere in by Simon . another angle reveal the figure to be ... koopa . but he look less presidential now , in a suit and tie . he smile big , and slide they tool belt across the table -- a offer . spike and iggy stand tc he side . Simon hold disinfectant spray and a towel . koopa boy , boy , siddewn . how 's prison treat you . you look like hell . ( extend a hand ) Larry lazard of lazard , lazard , conda , dactyl and Cohen . he shake mario 's hand , then immediately reach out and Simon spray and wipe koopa 's hand . mario who send you ? you from the city ? koopa I be from that little part of all of we that can not stand to see someone else in need . or in pain . mario . yeah , I bet . who 's this koopa clown ? his idiot name 's all over the place . we wanna see that goofball , now . koopa I do not think you want to do that . ( drop he voice ) this koopa " clown " be one mean , evil , egg-sucke son-of - a-snake . ( then ) now . where 's the meteorite piece ? luigi the what ? parker sennett & Terry runte - ( 312 ) 871-8911 - created : Monday , July 13 . 1992 10:13 pm - page 1 of 4 koora abbing luigi’ : i what T be talkir neck} mario leap to he foot and grab koopa mario if 3 : ' 3 gonna wring luigi 's neck , it 's gonna be I simeon whacks mario k with he night - stiec in pain . coope , holde oat hie hand . Simon disinfect it . simon no one touch President koopa ! luigi tou 'ré koopa ? but you id he wag koopa evil . egg -suck son-of -a- do I lie ? uta simon} take they to the devo chenber it have a feel th two ... plumb might know more they be tell i 3 . omit asth int . koopa tower - de-evolution chamber - night aat close on foot be dreg . lemmy ( v7.9 . } you think I 'w scared ? I be not scared ! we hold as the drag foot bring we past mario and luigi . hold at gunpoint by two guard . they look sear . in the b.g. , we hear lemmy try to make up a song lem ( 0 . 3 . ) facing my de-evolution , ' cause I believe in revolution . . close - the chair restraint automatically clap shut around lemmy 's wris now reality sink in . he scream in terror . it omit aath int . koopa tower - de-evolution chamber - night 5 ? the scream trail off as koopa stride in through the massive * door and approach the enormous device . p 42 .* continued : boe you ! koopa ! rea lousy leader ! eoopa think . of course , that 's negatiy # but it 's p Simon . de -evolve hin . he neds to Simon , wh es up the macht as it hume . koopa move to = lighted diagram -- the miliar " evolution of man " progression . but this one start with a dinosaur . irom primevel slime . to single - cell i up to intelligent life ... no mut of hi he darte to and flick the cantrale . mor koopa de-evolution . of course . work the opposite way ... to simpler form . to lemmy and wave goodbye . koopa see you later . alligator . mario and luigi be hold back as lemmy 's chair gip back . and he head dissppesr2 into 4 huge funnel . the machine shriek . steam pour out . a display show a erain regressing . mario and luigi look on in horror az roopa approach the machine koopa with de -evolution , even we most 's troublemaker can b en , model ci ts y elite guard ... goombas with a hiss . the chair lower . lemmy be now a goomba . koopa lovingly greet he newest guomba , koopa goombasal ... koopa release he from the chair and lead he to one of the technician . the technician cough . koopa stare at hin . koopa be you all right ? parker bennett & Terry runte ~ ( 312 ) '' 71-8911 - created : Monday , July 13 , 1992 10:13 9 m - page 3 of 4 technician bat ... but ... he look about helplessly as the cuff slan down on hin . we can not have around . movw .. ( he move to the control ) D uation further . milliong of from the ooge not the horror as it 's more than ju be wider ( bur rio aud luigi} you de - 3y be a live nightmare . unless you tell we where the meteorite piece be . oa spread germ martc : I tell you . we do not have it . koopa wrong ansver . panusl . he flick a switch and the machine start up again . koopa I be go to take you thin -skin , warm - blooded , mwilk - drink body and de -evolve you back to ... what be it you evolve from ? rabbit ? gerbil ?... luigi monk koopa ooo iupressive . mario Fine , and ust what do you evolve from ? koopa cause rex . King of the lizard ! tyranno a clunk . the chair hiss and lower once again . sitting in it mow , be a steaming , blackened , Mass of sludge . mario and luigi look aghast . koopa smile and motion the chair back . 'a ote oe let 's get on with it . who 's first ? pause - the brother step forward - koopa smile - point to luigi mario simon ta . be you all right , gir ? koopa fine . do I a world of good . t this filthy gunk off ms ! and get they ! and draw I @ bath . as koopa seethse , hie eye transform to a reptilian slit . koora I be go to kill that plumber ! onit int . police headquarters - stair - night a bare cinderblock corridor . the brother run dow it . alarm blare . a door openz ahead of then . int , police headquarters - mezzanine mario grab luigi end pull he dow as huge chunks of masonry be carve from the wall . the creep fungue that geem to be everywhere be here . as well . then ... from behind the fungus . a mushroom be growing . luigi stare . abo revision 5- 30 page 44a luigi mario , look at this . a mushroom in the fungus . ~ mario ( ducking a fireball ) luigi - - mushroom be fungus . leave it alone ! luigi hey -- what 's that ? revision 5/7/92 45 out of the a crack pop a little round bob - omb , which just hit the floor ... but mario pull luigi over a railing before luigi can stop for it . . kx 3 % - int . police st az '' cg inch all the way across the station , leaping they slide cn a eff of it in fren of S int . - near a exit - night CO ».. five metal ccor weich sit in front of they . to z a i q not I this one . mario pull he through door 4 , int . police - underground lot ~ NI G { wy there be a dozen cop car park under the interier g : they antennae sparking against the overhead power mesh . prisoner be be herde into the processing are by cop , wha be preoccupy , the guy duck , bebbing and weaving between park car . the pursue gocmbas burst through the staircase door . they scope the area - - no sign of they quarry . int . police car - night ga the guy crawl inside the heavily insulate interior . '' mario inspect the unfamiliar control . mario okay . first , we be steal this . second , I be drive . luigi I / ’1ll look at the map . luigi boot up a multi - choice gun -operated computer ... and , amazingly , be actually quite good at operate it . mario I can not believe you can do that . revision 5/7/$2 46 luigi it come with sit on my butt all day playin video game . mario finally get the right switch . the car start . mario lat 's kh the brick ! above then the the car speed spray fireballs ctrical red spark on the grid . ward . the goombas react to the scund and its direction . the car hit a up -ramp . and black gate arm be descendinc . mario and it -- shatter they windshield and send . @. the gate arm go crazy , thrashin ahead a huge yel ? luigi crash thre splinter every around madly . ext . stre . gs the police car gy ext . ramp = night i a exitin : i the still - spin gate . int . police car ( travelling ) - nicht es the car be careen through the traffic , sideswipe other vehicle that de not get out of the way fast enough . luigi kick out the splinter glass . 4 int . police car ( travelling ) - night (* scene reordered ) '' '' mario find the siren . luigi begin punch button . he activate the radio . radio ( v.0 . ) species escape from Metro Central . use of unreasonable force be recommend . luigi alien ? do not tell I we gotta deal with alien , too ! mario luigi . we be the alien . luigi we be ? whoa , cool ! hey , mario ! " man discover he 's a alien . " you say it could not happen ! revision 5/7/92 47 mario yeah , well man be just about to discover he 's goomba food if we do not get out of here . luigi mrn to more dial ) née ... ( tnen turn back ) & you gotta be cpen-mind -- g level with ing weapon cn 2e police car pu. 's train vicious - lco the brake . to theiz > they on the Brothers . ext . ex ? the pol multanecusly as the Brothers 's car skid out of car annihilate each other . - night G v mario accelerate again , swerving to avoid the wreckage on the road . even so , auto part rain down on then . int . police car ( travelling ) mario now this be drive ! radio ( v.0 . ) alien head west on great koopa boulevard . approach Grand kcopa Parkway near offramp to tunnel of the glorious koopa . mario and I think Kennedy have a lot of stuff name after hin . ahead be a fork . one way be the " koopa River Parkway " be > — the other a " xoopahari Desert tunnel " , close off by barrier and warning sign : " danger !-- tunnel unfinished ! " mario which way ? luigi you really want I to help ? ( off mario 's nod ) um ... definitely the parkway . r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 48 .* and mario veer off -~- toward the tunnel . luigi laugh . luigi . just like I figure . I want the tunnel so I say the Parkway , cause I know you would go the opposite way I suggest . I be onta you , mario ... ext . expressway - tunnel entrance ~ night 69 * the police car sp off , and the car coa int . koopa' tower - koopa' suite - night 70 * koopa soak in a huge sunxen bath , up to he neck in steaming mud . a unseen " pet " growl .. S , . lena slink into the bath . lena there 's nothing e@ a mud bath . it 's dirty and clean at the same time . kcopa shh. I be think . lena ah , the merge , yes . you do not really believe only she can do it , do you ?... nsidle up to he ) we can do it ... together ... koopa ( irritate ) nokedy 's merge with anybody until I have that rock ! ( as lena back off , stung ) we need the princess . she 's the only one who can withstand the force of the meteorite . she be bear to it -- lena oh ~~ and what be I ? chopped lizard ? we have be together since before she be hatched ! koopa look at she cooly . he 's make he decision . lena glare at he as the door buzze . spike and iggy blunder in . spike sorry , sir . the plumber be in the tunnel -- head for the desert . koopa then why be you here -- intead of in the desert , head they off ? r&b revision 7/3/92 continued : P. 49.7 70 * iggy spike have not think of that , 's between you and I , sir , he do not have a think in he brain . spike it 's iggy , sir . just between we , I wonder sometimes if he even have a brain . koopa ( to spike and iggy ) wait outside . you two be come with I . lena . bring I the princess . and have she clean up . lena do she cool best to look obedient and faithful . omit 71 -74 revision 5-30 p-.50 koopa think akcut that for a second , then shrug . koopa then that 's that . bye - bye plumber . the tunnel end in a 200 - foot drop -off , so we 'o just pick through the remain . a li @ more gruescme , perhaps , but I / 1l still get what I want . ( then ) spike - - robe . ( as he bring robe ) have you be spend time in the devo pod ? spike look at oh , not , sir. ( " confidentially " ) only to pull iggy out of there , if you know what I mean , sir . ( start out , then turn back ) between you and I , I be not sure you really need he any more . I be carryin/ 's he so much , you may as well just have one of we -- koopa I nil make that decision . ( call ) iggy ! ( as iggy enter ) any minute now the plumber be about to plummet to they death . igey = hence the name " plum " ber , I guess . iggy wait for a laugh . koopa be deadpan . igcy spike tell I that joke , sir . koopa I need : you two to go out to the desert , get I the rock and ... mop up a bit ... you understand ? spike mop up the desert ? be that ... I mean , be that a figure of speech ...? revision 5/7/92 sl iggy neds knowingly at koopa be . spike . wink and point to spike 's head . roopa = ( to spike and iggy ) you two , with I . ( to lena ) you bring I the princess . have she clean up . lena ( mot pleased ) yes ... int . tunnel / po ! the fungus be through the sma of they face '' . the Brothers push iling irom its texture and sme and I can not we be gonna kill we ... luigi lock cet ! mario ! we be hit the end of the tunnel ! and , as the Brothers hit the tunnel end , they scree ext . koopaeari desert - tunnel 's end - night 723 because koopa do not lie . the unfinish tunnel dead - end , like a sewer outfall above a sloping desert landscape , and it . be indeed 200 - foot above the desert . and , right now , shoot out over that desert be ... .-. the Police car . a trail of fungus tail behind it , snarl around the whole back end cf the undercarriage . then , leng before the car hit the ground , the fungus snap taut ... and stretch like a bungee cord ... and it hold . and the car be set softly down on the desert sand . then , just as unexpectedly , the tendril release the car . y int . _ police car ~ night 7 { Marie fight to hold onto the wheel , feel sorta macho . luigi be not argue about anything . he 's just look at a tiny piece of fungus . revision 5/7/$2 52 : mario k about superior drive start the crawl out of the powerless vehicle and mario and and look aroun - ad. luigi lock up . luigi wow ... so what be the deal with this fungus ? ae * shake he head . mario look at what ? you , mario ... there 's something go on here . I be sericus . period . wn c 7 oo rmitory / internment rccm ~ wn int . koopa tow , Daisy sit with daniella and the Brooklyn Girls as they relate what little they know about the situation . daniella supposedly this princess go through some gateway , I dunno ... daisy gateway to what ? when ? angelica I do not know and I do not care . TI just want to get out of here . daniella crazy , be not it ? Daisy ...? but Daisy 's mind be work ..- suddenly all head turn as the door open and lena enter . the girl shout at she . girl whe be you ? where be we ? etc . daisy you can not keep we here . lena trust I , I do not want you here either . she approach the girl ... eye each one individually . daniella be you here to help we ? revision 5- 30 p.53 lena hardly . let I guess ... which one be princess Daisy ? . she finally stor at ... dat . everyone be silent . lena you have you mother 's eye . as that eye widen ... we CUT to : omit 77 int . do - volution chamber ~ night - a moment later 78 koopa thrust the protest spike into the devo ped . icgy Wise choice , cuz . he have be much better off as goo . sts the " intelligence " dial fron koopa , without expression , it to " Advanced . " primordial " up past " neutral iggy what be you do ? we hear whirring and ... the chair return from the pod , with spike on it . he get off . spike ( be koopa ) cur not - so- benevolent dictator , as it be . charm ensemble ... should come back in style some time this ... epoch . ( to iggy ) good day , plebeian . koopa throw iggy onto the chair . igcy cuz ! whattya doin ? koopa perhaps if you be not such idiot , you will not screw up this time . the door reopen . iggy step off . iggy my word .... you do not say . I feel as though I have be ... transformed . spike mnnh ... quite a agreeable transmogrification . r&b revision 7/3/92 ps 54 . koopa enough ! to the desert , both of you ! igcy '' it hardly seem logical , do it ? perhaps we should stay and help formulate strategy , tete - a- tete , inner circle , that sort of thing . . '' kcopa here 's what seem logical ... to I : if you do not return with the plumber and the pendant , I will personally kill you . a beat . spike and iggy may be a lot smarter -- but .. , very good point . / since you put it that way .../ interesting syllogism , I think it work on numerous level . int . koopa' suite - same a79 * lena escort Daisy in . in the b.g. , there 's a animal noise . lena would you like to see you mother ? daisy yes , of course -- where be she ? lena she 's dead . in the ground somewhere , I suppose ... ( sit she down ) look , '' princess , " I have be hang around koopa as long as that rock 's be hang around you neck , and if you would like to keep that neck ... she stop -- hearing footstep approach . turn ... lena why , koopa ... ( she smile as she slip out the door ) I be just tell Daisy about she mother ... Daisy stand as koopa approach . he eye she appreciatively . koopa it be sad -- you mother . she be a inspiration . then she get in my way .. r&b revision 7/3/92 ps 5s . daisy ( a beat ; then ) what about my father ? be he alive ? koopa ( move closer ) yes. no. maybe . which ? where kcopa ( still closer ) here . and there . daisy stay away from I . koopa be hypnotic as he back Daisy toward the bec . kcopa do not fight it . you know you be draw to it . always search for you past -- where you belong ... but you belong here . now ... with I . but koopa 's spell be break by a growl from the other side of the bed . yoshi bound out : a baby tyrannosaurus rex ! Daisy be amaze . it 's hard to tell who 's stare at whom more . koopa go ahead , you can pet he ... yoshi be one of a long line of royal pet . she carefully pet he . he immediately roll over and she scratch he . his leg bounce up and down , like a dog . daisy he 's real ... Daisy sit back on the bed . yoshi try to jump up with she . koopa sweep he aside and slip beside Daisy ... koopa you see ? you be one of we -- descend from dinosaur , destine to rule . you and I ... together . he move to kiss she ; she push he away . but this excite he even more -- and he begin to regress ... Daisy scream at he scaly , reptilian tongue . yoshi pop he head up between they and growls protectively . koopa hasten to remove yoshi , but he will not budge . Daisy scramble for the door . r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 56 . at the door ht into simon , who Daisy fling open the door -- and run be m call to koopa : grab and hold she as she struggle . - sim simon Sir ? koopa turn -- back to normal . ie stride to the door . simon we be training the goombas now the hand -held de-evolution gun . koopa good . assemble they for the merge . and take this one back ... I will be need she later . rfoot koopa kick he . he yelp as koopa ay with Simon and Daisy : yoshi growls und disappear down the ha kocpa ( o.s. ) the human evolve from ... rabbit , be not it ? I can never remember ... omit page 57 , 57a revision 5- 30 koopa ( a know grin ) that you descend from dinosaur ? from a different dimension than the one you know ? funny , you / d think every girl have have at least a inkling of that . well , you know what they say about ttle girl ... they never forget the first time they kiss a lizard . he grab she . , . and try to kiss she with he scaly , reptilian tongue - - " regressing " ( become more dinosaur - like ) while he do ... daisy no ! no -- stop--!! iggy ( 0.5 . ) Excuse I , koopa ? koopa reel , i. date . his regression end . igcy and spike be at the door . spike catch you at a bad time ? iggy the plumber 's vehicle be un - people . koopa " un-peopled ? " what be you say ? iggy empty . which would leave one to think that the plumber be alive in the desert somewhere . koopa let Daisy be ... rush to spike and iggy . koopa get they . if I see you or the plumber again without the rock , I will kill all four of you . spike and iggy split . koopa turn toward Daisy . koopa I apologize for my slithering manner , but I need to attend to my evil , ruthless , despotic , world - dominate plan , you know how it be . daisy do not touch I . yoshi growl - = at koopa . revision 5- 30 p.57a kooda see what I mean ? loyal to the royal family ... koopa kick yoshi . then turn and exit . Daisy come over and pet hin . she scratch hin . his leg bounce up and down , like a dog as. ns 7/3/92 P. 58. r&b revisi y long lens - day ( formerly a81 ) a80 * ext . koopahari desert - shak scan the dese he brother ' police car half bury in the san 's lead we to mario and luigi staggering in the heat , no . we can not hear the word ... reverse angle - spike and iggy ( formerly 881 ) b80 * spike and iggy stand in they 6 - wheel vehicle , each look through one of the lense of a pair of binocular . iggy plumber ... ext . koopahari desert - far out on the sand — day 80 * luigi ( 0.38 . TI say the Parkway ! the brother come over a shimmer ridge , in mid-argument ... mario but you want the tunnel ! go ahead , pi a direction ... over there look good . we could die there . no , wait , " I get a good feel " that 's where we should die , over there . hey , maybe if we be lucky , we can make it all the way back to " dino York " -- then get kill ! they trudge to the top of the ridge and squint into the sun : omit a81-c81 * r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 58a. distance 81 there Pov - the CITY in a island encircle by sand and waste . we see koopa 's twin tower , obscure by 4 souplike smog . very , very far away ... mario ( 0.8 . ) I coulda be home , with daniella ... watchin ' the & back to scene g2 * luigi the the knick ! mario 1 like them now ! luigi okay , fine , it 's all my fault . dump on little brother day . well , I be sorry we follow she . I be sorry I fall for she . I be sor I get feeling and desire I be sorry they stab we , a@ agusize we , choke we , pokec we -- it 's ail my fault . I make ‘em do it to you . I make them evil . I invent sand ... luigi scoops up some sand . mario grab a fistful . mario yeah ? good think . eat some ! they argument degenerate into a sandbox fight as the brother throw fistful of sand at each other . then ... omit 81 -82 r&b revision 7/3/32 P. 59 . ext , desert - spike and iggy's 6 - wheeler ag3 * bound over a iggy emerge in a daze ... dune d tumble to a crash halt . spike and by the marto bros . be3 * they anger be now divert to spike and iggy . they rush towar ground . luigi it 's that creep who steal Daisy ! d they furiously and wrestle they to the mario tie they together with they drain snake . spike ruffian ! hoodlum ! picaroon ! umber . , now start tal break you elbow joint . iggy {as the coil tighten ) she 's in the tower . in the goomba barrack with the other . mario ( shove they forward all right -- take we to she . spike it 's irremediable . koopa will not let we back in without she little rock . luigi wait . that thing she wear ? iggy the meteorite piece . it chip off on impact 65 million year ago ( cause the harmonic divergence between we dimension ) . when it 's put back into place , the dimension will reunite . spike then koopa can invade . you world will be overrun by gocomba r&b revision 7/3/92 ps» 60 . mar . why do not he just @ you clown do ? I do not get come through 1 tany iggy the gateway ? too dangerous , too small ... and it 's be seal for year until now . until something on you side must have blast it open again ... mario scapelli ... be rock thing and get two creep be gonna ya ? at the dino-rat eyeing he ankle . with we new , evolutionarily enhance brain , it do seem like the right course of action . luigi mario , we gotta find that spiky chick -- in the red . by that bar , remember ? spike a big , spiky red black babe ?... iggy bertha . the boom - boom bar. ( look at they vehicle ) now if only spikeasauralopolus have not destroy we vehicle ... spike ah , but I have a idea . snif-it ~ have sludge - gu rs ! luigi who have what ? $ /1d/s2. 39 zt 3ccm bcch uw a poster 0 EL ... you vera Le well , i chink I ( conzinue ) a a 6/10/92 $ 1 int 30m 3a 3° g he best slick move . she slug ain topgling at luigi , whe smile and helz marto I just get to ery a dizzerenc approach , and he take ancther stab across the dance floor . this time he take a diffarent tack . ( continue ) oy 's notice . sout berth : ( continue ) a of oo pull of of 0 so and g0cm3a43 ente G 1 a a of u os ' will '' wv " avery popular , utteat son : doco a speci : kas cver the place and everyer dance , tae dactzl . ( continue ) u ov of bs ace umn [ ung let exec team ape pac ap 8 eat srriay same plarise 345 208 ( continue ) se so not at chat moneat , lena 's band , pian hin cown . and luigi be not wait azcuad , they take oft runniag . tee goombas give chase . ( coneinue ) S S ny oo you ? nope . now , he 's so axeizad thac he grab she on both side of the head , pull she close to he ... anc xisses she . she beam . bertha. turn to the hatcheck girl and punch she . 92 int cloak rch $ 2 with the batcheck gizl out of the vay , the brother dive in tc the corner . there coat on ar , and Air stomper on the shelf . they strap on theiz bang tool belt . bertha here use this . she hand they boct and ucartridge . revision 5- 30 page 71 guy a pair of AIR stomper , then guard the tf encroach gcomba with she fist . bertha chuck th doer -- fend mario how do they work ? luigi ( as if it 's cbvious ) mario . " just stemp they . " mario right . of course . the guy stand . luigi how can we thank you ? bertha stop kocpa 's evil reign . bertha 's foothold break . the room be storm by goombas . and mario and luigi just ... stomp they . schwunkunkx ! they blast upward and rocket through the skylight , raining shard of glass down on the fail goombas . ext./ int . DISCO - roof = night 93 mario and luigi come whizzing through the aperture . they run‘to the parapet of the roof . goomba reinforcement be arrive outside the club . a bob - omb fall from the fungus . luigi hey , mario - =- look -- luigi see this -- but mario pull he on . mario and luigi bounce onto the platform , then run up the stair and onto the pedestrian walkway . from there , they leap down onto a sludge-gulper . int . back of sludge gulper - continuous ( omit 94 ) 95 head -deep in garbage , luigi look at mario . both be exhaust . luigi lena 's in the tower with the meteorite piece ! it 's impossible to get in . revision 5- 30 mario nothing 's impossible , kid . unlikely , improrable ... but not impossible . luigi then let 's do it , marioaoo000 ! re , and ae shoot across suddenly one of luigi 's Air stomper fi ad against the garbage - thick bin of the truck , clunk - ing he + its steel - panell side . int . kocpa 's tower ~ '' fungus set " ag6 koopa enter a room where a bulb of fungus hang frem a fungus - envelop devo-csne . he stroll around ... koopa my my ... you have let yourself go . see , I be not such a bad guy . you always want to be everywhere . well , now you be . and guess what ? you can try and choke this little dimension as long as you want ... cause I be outa here . into the Big World . I get plumber come with the rest of the meteorite -- soon- to- be -dead plumber , and , oh , by the way , I do not care what you think of I , or what I think of you ... i/1l never mix a mammal in with you . never . purity of lizarddom . and soon , we will be back on top . ( pause ) you know , you have really get to pull yourself together ... ext . loading dock - koopa tower — night 96 ° the sludge gulper drive down the ramp , and park . two zoot= suite guy wear gas mask ( mario and luigi ) climb out . int . boiler room - night of the boy duck in , lock the door behind they . then , they dump the gas mask and quickly peel off the zeot-suit . they grab coverall from a hanger , throw they on . mario carefully throw he belt over they . revision 5- 30 p.72a marto treat you tool like a frien they close , never let they down they 'il always be at you 's a : keep luigi mario , how be it that , for every situation that could possibly come up ... you get a say about tool . mario they all come from ... poppa . he get they yom grandpoppa . they step into the center of the room . it look like the engine room of a ship . steam hiss , furnace blast . fungus envelop the place . luigi we can not just go take the elevator . mario obvicusly we can not take the elevator , whattva think I be , some kind of idiot ? +.. Elevator . revision 5-30 p.73 luigi so how we gonna get to the top ? mario like a mario . ingeniously . mario look at the gigantic boiler , the even bigger heat exchanger , and che large vent pipe lining the wall . mario luigi , remove that outlet valve from er body . I be gonna freeze the that way we get a way to get alarm start to SOUND . luigi look around . luigi mario ! hurry ! int . koopa tow : - " fungus set " - same barai8 koopa leok up . turns. bolt out . ini . boiler room - same aas the guy rush in response to the blaring alarm . luigi I understand you workin out a way to get down . but how be we gonna get we up ? mario there 's only one possible way , luigi . hero shot : mario and luigi , in coverall , hat and tools=and thwomp stomper . we hear a " ding " and we CUT to : a 98 - ext . elevator ag8 the door open . : : luigi the elevator . ingenious , mario . int . corridor - night 98 alarm blaring , koopa stride hard , robe flow . at the corner , lena : join he , flanke by the goombas which be carry spike and iggy . revision 5- 30 lena you will be interested to know that this two be at the boom boom bar preaching you cverthrow . koopa really ? I be very disappointed in you . spike ( point at hin ) fasci r&b revision 7/3/92 continued : iggy oppressor of the proletariat ! koopa wave they away and march on . they continue to shout name as the goombas drag they off . lena catch up to he . lena I have something else for you ... koopa not now ... I have sabateur in the tower , I still have no meteorite piece , and m about to lose everything -- lena it 's important . we need to talk . koopa do it have to do with you ? with we ? yes . most definitely . koopa then type up a memo and submit it through the proper channel . he storm off . alone now , seethe , she open she fist -- revealing the pendant . lena no ... if I want to get something do around here , I will do it myself . she shove past a goomba as she stalk off . 98 . revision 6/7/92 lena outta my way , moron . int . elevator alarm ring as -- a goomba enter , unaware that he [ ts be followed by mario and luigi , who must stay behind hin , so as to avoid be notice . when the goomba turn , mario and luigi have to shimmy arcund behind hin . " ding " = - second flcor . door open and another goomba enter . goomba # 1 indicate something to goomba # 2 about he ( # 1 / 's ) weapon . # 2 move around to the back of # 1 -- and mario and luigi have to dash around behind then ... " ding " -- third floc . but it 's [ id of elevator that open on both sid : so as the ind they open and goombas 1 and 2 's to greet enter goomba # 3 , mario and luigi must dive be , end up on they foot behind they ... the elevatcr continue up , alarm sounding . int . koopa 's suite - night 100 yoshi sit in the shadow with a heavy chain around he neck . hark enter with a steak for Daisy . daisy I be a vegetarian . I do not eat anything with a face . hark smile apologetically and nod . daisy you realize I be be hold against my will . it 's a flagrant violation of my civil liberty . hark look at she oddly . lena enter , dismiss hark . lena get out ! hark split . lena turn to Daisy . daisy hello ... and goodbye . lena take a long silver pin . from behind she dress , there 's a sudden growl from the shadow -- and yoshi dart out . but he chain stop he short . revision 6/17/92 P. 76 102 cont ... lena loyal to the royal family through and through ... lena make a " fake stab '' at Daisy -- which she deflect with she arm . yoshi chomp at the bit . lena Fine . and everyone should have a right to what 's theirs . except ... when | want it instead . and she lunge for Daisy 's neck -- and she really would get it this time -- be it not for yoshi' long tongue which suddenly wrap around lena 's ankle and pull she down . he grab lena 's arm with he claw , and she drop the pin . lena get he off I ! Daisy hesitates ... but they see she escape . and take it . she duck into -- int . - a hallway - a103 where several goombas see she and give chase . she run . turn a corner . int . - koopa' suite - same 103 lena manage to force the pin into yoshi . he bray -- release lena 's arm from he mouth , she get up , look around ... and take off . int . - koopa tower - corridor ' a104 Daisy hurry through the hallway -- then suddenly stop as the goombas carrying 'spike and iggy ' be come the other way . she 's sandwich in . there 's no escape . she see spike and iggy -- the two cretin who nab she . daisy you miserable low-life ! but to she surprise , spike and iggy do not disagree . spike you be right ! we be miserable low-life ! a lacy . but do not all of God 's creature find themselves in a similar lot ? revision 6/17/92 P. 77 a 104 cont ... daisy what ? the goombas be close in on she when there be a noise from the end of the corridor . toac / hark be shuffle towards they hold out a plate of vegetable . Daisy duck under the outstretch arm of a goomba and slip toad / hark smile at Daisy and block the other goombas , who move towards she . spike ha ! a purse head with a sense of tradition . icy extradition , put we down churl . tell they to put we down . spike tell he to tell they - princess . and they be wriggle out of the goombas grasp . toad / hark be simply and confusedly offer the ' vegetable around , block the movement of the other goombas . we trio make they escape down the corridor . gy princess Daisy we be you loyalist supporter . spike we have be on you father 's side since he demise ... well | have ... ignacious actually ... another goomba block the corridor , head for the goomba around toad / hark . _ we garg dodge ~-around he . spike gloat as they duck into the fungus room . ~ -- — — spike we be with the princess . revise 6/17/92 p.78 ( omit 101 and 102 ] int . - elevator - same 104 there gre now 12 goombas - - and mario and luigi be tuck in the very back , strain in verrrry awkward position in order not to be see . '' ding '' final floor - - and the goombas all file out ... then stop at the entrance to the elevator and line up . ther be no possible way the brother can walk out ... so mario indicate the vent in the top . and the guy leap and silently pull themselves up ... ( omit 105 ) int .- koopa' suite koopa enier and look around . kcopa Daisy ? yoshi -- come back here ! he tum to see yoshi just darting out . int , - fungus room - night b1i06 spike and iggy lead Daisy in through a unpopulated area of the devo chamber . spike now I realize the follow may present to you somewhat of a shock ... but ... iney bring she to the dripping cone . ieay Daisy , may | present to you you father . spike you patieretiss . king bowser Daisy 's eye widen . she look at ' the fungus i in shock . spike and iggy . giance nervously at the flash alarm light . 's much as they would like to stay with Daisy they do not want to be ' capture > again . they exchange look . the neae of the fungus sescend . revision 6/17/92 P. 78a b106 cont ... spike perhaps at such a delicate moment cay a moment of delicacy ... they listen to the alarm . | think a retreat be in order . spike a order retreat ay he who fight and run away ... spike live to fight another day ... and they scoot out through the door . Daisy barely notice as she look at the head of the fungus and it look at she . the fungus seem to be point at something . Daisy look towards the door where she see yoshi . daisy yoshi ...! yoshi seem to be beckone to she . revision 6/17/92 p.79 int . - fungus room - by the security console . a107 yoshi be show Daisy the console on which Daisy can see luigi and mario have be spot in one of the vent . Daisy , search for a way to communicate , frantically push at the button . she speak into a mic . daisy luigi ! mario ! int . - ventilation shaft - same b107 luigi and mario look up as they hear -- daisy voice echoing through the shaft . daisy can you hear I ? luigi it 's she ! mario ! yes , we hear you ! Daisy , we be come ! unfortunately , they be not the only one who have hear she . because : int . - koopa tower - koopa' suite c107 koopa be smile as he hear : daisy echoing voice I be in the de-evolution chamber .! koopa whirl . start move . revision 6/17/92 P. 80 int . - ventilation shaft . d107 luigi brace himself . luigi | can make it . 1 get a good feel . mario . how do you know ?? look at it -- you will fall ! luigi#! no ! but luigi leap anyway over the inky chasm but -- he stop . really . in mid-air , he just stop . luigi hey , look ! mario ! | told you , just gotta trust ! come on , give it a shot ! just have faith ! and , leave with no choice ... mario step back to leap . but at that exact moment , luigi realize he 's merely catch on a winch hook , use for maintenance . luigi wait , mario . it 's not faith -- it 's just a hook . but mario have already leap . and he eye meet luigi 's . beat . then , mario drop , out of sight , scream . luigi cringe , wait for the splat . but there 's just -- pyyyoing ~ and mario rise up next to luigi , mad as hell . he 's punch the air , just a hair to far trom luigi . mario there 's a piece of fungus stretch - odrop then tise ) ~- across the duct . I be alive but -- ( again ) _ — I be gonna kill you . this time , luigi grab mario 's hand , like a trapeze act . luigi you do not mean that . mario . I do . I be tell you , if we die here , I be gonna kill you so bad you be gonna wish you be dead . now be you gonna save you loving brother , or what ? they just hang . now luigi get a strange jook . revision 6/17/92 p.81 luigi d107 cont ... hey , mario - - there 's something I have be think about ... mario and you wanna tell I now ? luigi yeah , | just think you should know ... | do have family pride . mario what ?! luigi back in we house , before we go to dinner at Bella napoli ... you say | have no pride in be a mario . well ... | do . I be real proud to be a mario , mario . and ''m real proud to be you brother . - mario hang . look up at he . mario I be touch . I would hug you , but they you would be a only child . luigi no , mario ... | mean it . seriously . daisy echoing voice she 's get frustrated with luigi ) wig ! right , right . I be comin’ . luigi swing mario back and forth , bigger and bigger until , on a upsw -- rrraip — luigi 's cover - all give way . he drop from the hook , and — they fly to the other side , landing in a heap . luig ! now . we get a girl to save . int . - hallway - moving 107 with koopa as bloober approach . bloober good news , sir . the troops be in place , ready to de - volve the mammal . mel11/92 az fay 2136596638 lightmotive a+ >+ smb prod . urr- qoaa revision 6/11/32 1 int . hallway - saxe keopa be smile as he hear : daisy 's echoing voice ' mn in koopa 's suite ! koopa whirl . start nove . int . ventilation shaft - savz h107 mario ané luigi swing up and land on a ledge . mario rid -- thanks . luigi nod . mario raise he fist . luigi raise he hand . the guy do a quick little goublewnunch ( they version to 2 hug ) . ' nut say . the guy turn . luier come on . the mario brother gotta do seme serious resctie roetin’ . int . hallway - moving 107 koopa be walk fast as bleober and Simon approach . simon good news , sir . the troops be in place , ready to de~evolve the mammal . r&b revision 7/7/92 P. 82 continued : 107 koopa 's in place , ready to -- what ? now ?! wha order they deployment ? bloober you do , sir . lena relay you command . we carry it out immediately koopa ( furious ; realize lena ... ext . koopa square - night 108 lena , wear a cloak , move through the hubbub , ducking down the subway tunnel . on tee giant tv screen , a propaganda film of the devo gun : koopa laugh as he zap human into ape . omit 109 int . the horizontal shaft - night i10 mario and luigi run into a grate . push it open into ... omit 111 int . a corridor - night 12 % where they run toward ... omit 113 int , fungus rcom - night a114 mario and luigi burst in brandish they tool . but Daisy be alone . she and luigi rush toward each other and embrace . luigi you okay ? ( as she nod ) I hope come to save you be not too ... forward of I or anything . daisy no , I just ... I can not believe you be here . I mean , it 's hard to believe any of this , but ... you have go so fa '' out of you way . luigi well , you know , I be not usually the kinda guy to go chase a girl ... not to other dimension , anyway . reb revision 7/7/92 P. 83 continued : all4 she smile , hug tf harder . it look . like they may even kiss , when ... a strand of fungus drop down between they . daisy chagrine , the fungus creep back up . Daisy see mario and luigi stare at she . some explanation be in order ... um ... this may so a little weird ... I mean ... I know it 's a little early in we relationship , but , luigi ... mario . I would ke you to meet ... my zather . Daisy present the fungus . it stretch across the ceiling and culminate in a drip blob . daisy at least , he be my father ... he use to be the leader here -- until koova turn he into this . mario be speechless . luigi try to shake hand ... luigi it 's a honor , sir . please to meet you , and , uh ... I want to thank you for all you help . mario next you will be sing to the mildew in the shower . luigi ... luigi mario -- think about it . the fungus have be help we all along . remember in the vent ? he want to defeat koopa . ( to the fungus ) do not worry , sir . we will have you daughter safely back in no time . daisy be ... daniella safe ? mario daniella -- oh , man -- she 's gonna be mad . I be suppose to take she to the roller derby ... daisy you mean ... you do not know ? revision 6/17/92 p.84 ext . - corridor - split second later 114 mario burst into the hall . mario daniella ! I be come for you , baby !! luigi , carry Daisy , exit behind he . mario daniellai ! male voice yes ? the guy swirl -- it 's koopa . with goombas . koopa oops , sorry . | bet you mean the '' other daniella . the unneed one . the one waste precious space and energy ... iate ! mario have a very quick choice to make . but luigi make it for he . luigi go! mario - - go get daniella ! . mario * but -- Il luigi dustgol _ mario . vl be back for youl | swear it ! and he spin . {to goombas , be mario ) get he ! and ready the troops , we're go down , '' and there be a real moment here ... luigi and Daisy be be drag backwaras down the hall ~ one way , while -- mario run the other way , looking back over he should ! ; , almost seem to move in slow motion . koopa glare . '' mario and luigi , as best th 2 2 cap to each other ... and then mario turn the corner , and find himself . " 0b/11-°95 12:28 fal 213 be a a 96638 lightmotive ++ smb prod . off . @oo7 revision 6/11/32 5 page 84a lurer te can take care of myself . mario realize he only shet be to try and duck cut . he barge past the geomba -- mario ' I will be back for you ! and he take off dewn the hall . roopa to goonbas , be mario ) get hin ! and ready the troous . be gotng down . and there be a real moment here ... luigi and Daisy be be drag backwards down the hall one way , while -- mario run the other way , looking back over he skoulder — — and thing alucst see tc move in slow motion . then mario turn the corner , and find himself — so8°l1/92 12:29 fai 2136596633 lightmotive - 7 ~ smb prod . off . @ao revision 6/11/92 6 p.85 in a eallway ds -- where he be x mebate . in , armed gocmbas give chase . he run , leaping and @uck ... learn and ducking ... meanwhile ... tnt . subway tunnel - base of ramp ~ same 116 ( nes ) lena , bribe the poztal - guard , slip into -- int . portal area -— contiuous 116a -- and suile , flushed with seccess . she view the rock , look at the orystal glisten in she hand ... then turn and be suddenly facz to face with stmon . ee stun she with he stan gun . simon greeting frem kcopa . and he grab the rock as the tumble to the grounc . he exit out toward keopa Square , erder ? ; thw guaard to snatch lena up ... which they do . back up in koopa tower - mario 5 i7 ducking atid leepiny , suddenly slide to a halt as be hear : down below ~ int . dormitory room — same '' > > '' gene 118 the Brooklyn girl give the door-guarding goomba no quarter . girl ( ad -lit ) hey , porse -head , we be get sick of it down here . you do not let we cut my brother jimmie 's genna be all over you like white on rice . up in the halgway '' be hear the cacophony , let out a big smile . go through a door - = int . dormitory room scene 120 '' mario __ / ghere 's my baby ... _ '' 08/11/92 12:29 '' fat 2136396833 ligetnotive >>> smb prod . off . ~~ '' oa revision 6/11/92 7 p.86 and he run the the edge and look down . sees the goomba . tries the get daniella 's attenticn withent attrect the goomba . finally he dee . the two of then have to silently communicate with each other — without alert the goomba . mario mime " quietly let the '' know I be here . " daniella nod . very carefully whisver to angelica : " ss. 1 wy boyfriend 's come to save we . " angelica turn . see mario . and scream with glee ! angelica . get down here and save we butt ! fhe ether girl turn . start scream as well . it turn out the gcomba be not the problem , it wes the Brooklyn Girls . girl eurry ! thank God ! tc. mario wince . ter goomsa loor up . sees mario . mario have to act quickly . as th goomba turn to FIRE , mario leap up onto a hang thing and swing down across the roon , kick the goomba over and toppling he backwards . danielle leap intc mario 's arm . daniella do not I tell you my mario would be here ? marto that 's right -- I come all this way with only one thing on ny mind -- rescuin 's youl ( realize there 's five ) all , of ... you . ( after the cheer die down ) you be the girl all miss from Brooklyn ? daniella . Angie 's from queen , but she 's 's okay . angelica I be freezin 's my . butt ! there 's cold air blowin in from that duct over there . mario that 's correct , sweetheart . and that 's exactly where we be headin’ . revision 6/17/92 P. 66a 120 cont .. he start to herd they toward a AIR duct on the wall . above they , the footfalls of goombas can be hear . mario pull the grate off , the goombas be arrive . ' mario . grab that mattress ! hurry ! the goombas start to fire -- one of they errant acid-gun searing the door oif its hinge -- as the girl thrust the mattress toward mario and we CUT to : mass upon mass of goombas . loud speaker blaring . the invasion of the mammal dimension be in full preparation . cur : 121 [ be ext . kocpa square } goombas guard the doorway . pull back from t.v. monitor show the mass of the goombas . koopa be smile , in a fever of excitement . koopa be all special team ready ? head troopa yes sir . and goombas be in merge area 2 , 4 ,5 , and 7 , kcopa be the rest ready ? head troopa all three thousand . simon / or other os sir. koopa turn . Simon ( or other ) approach with fist close . simon { believe you be look for this . revision 6/17/92 P. 87 121 cont ... he open he fist . hand the rock to koopa , who take it with a big deep smile ... then at lena , who be dangle semi - conscious from the guard hand . kcopa very good work . it 's funny , be not it , how day that start up so bad can end up so ... good . ( to lena ) lena , lena , lena , lena , lena ... you and | have some serious '' relationship issue " . to bad we will never get to work they aut . and he give she ear a vicious twist . then look across at Daisy and luigi , who be handcuff together . kcopa | guess | be not ... a good guy . he be stroking the pendant . but I 'am go to give you the chance to fulfill you special destiny . you can fit this back into the meteorite and he click he finger goodbye sub dimension ... oh , do not you just love move house ? he move to go . 3 and just in case you get a little negative ... he gesture to luigi . we will put the squeeze on you little playmate here ... to he troopa , let 's go . koopa exit and we cut to : ( N / b_ this dialogue be for suggestion only : ) revision 6/11/92 P. 87 a [ a122 - omit ] int . koopa tower - ventilation system - night 4 22 ) we be inside a large duct , now ice -encrust , somewhere deep within the building 's heating and ventilation system . we hear a swooshing SOUND . and then mario and the Girls appear , corkscrew through the ductwork on a mattress like and overload bobsle team . revision 5/7/22 p.88 mario last exit to brooklyn ! now they start pick up speed as they hurtle downward ... int . koopa tower - dormitory - day 123 goombas shove the door into the grate ... int . koopa tower - ventilation system - night 124 mario and the Brooklyn Girls on they crazy cresta run . ahead be a curtain of stalactite . mario pull daniella backwards the other Girls follow suit , like domino . the mattress fly under the stalactite , just barely . int - ventilation system - night 125 behind they , higher up the duct . the goombas 's be hot on the freeze trail . they " sled " be the door , and it move . they skewer round a bend . ahead - the stalactite ! but the goombas be too big and stupid to get out of the way . the slice ice shatter against they . int . - ventilation system - night 126 back with mario and the Girls . ahead be the black hole of a vertical horizontal shaft . mario lean ! his '' crew '' all lean to the .ight . the " bobsie " execute a brilliant hair-raise maneuver . it bank to one side as they reach the hole then complete a 360 ' corkscrew - turn . the Girls scream as if they be on a roller coaster . int . - ventilation system - night 127 with the gcombas : . the goombas ' door sled whip into the same stretch . they can not control it . the weight of the door hit the lip of the hole , turn over and the goombas be tip into it . whoosh -- they be just go . p.89 int . ventilation system - night 128 back with mario and the Girls . scream ! as they head toward a reverse image of koopa ( with devo - gun ) -- and -- i ext . koopa square - night 129 ~--weeeeeeeeeeee !! they pass right infront of the large , wall - mount poster of koopa and come sailing across koopa Square and down toward the street mario look outll -- where they skip and bounce and then skitter along the sidewalk as dino - hattanite dive out of the way . they knock over the vendor and bicyclist and hookers as -- near the subway entrance - by the thwomp build - same 130 near where the construction be go on , luigi and Daisy be be hustle by goombas as koopa be head for the tunnel . koopa devo gun ready ? let 's go ! they hear scream and turn to see : the mattress , skid right toward they ! mario and girl yaaaaarghghghghghgh !! it knock koopa over and send goombas flying into the case ( scatter shoe ) and allow luigi ! and daisy to tumble away , still hanccuffed ..... daniella rush to they , pick at they handcuffs with a hair clip . daniella tell my dad this would come in useful one day ..... luigi mario ! you be amazing ! be you o.k .? mario ( flush with excitement ) I have have wilder mattress ride then this , if you know what | mean , luigi see that koopa be rise . the goombas be armed . luigi pssst. mario ..... he indicate the air stomper boot . ae oneal luigi mario , the boot . kocpa too late , human . look like | win . next time | see you , you and ail you other fellow human from the other dimension will all be de -evolve into - -- wait , do not tell I --- not puppy , not kitty ..... but monkey . whattya know , | get it right . koopa turn he gun on mario . mario slide towards the boot . launch one at koopa , knock he back over the balcony . launch the shoe again and send the pop toad trolley crash into the goombas . a silence . daniella run to mario . daniella will you marry I ? they kiss . luigi and Daisy be struggle with the cuff that bind they together . luigi hey , pudgy bun - get we outta this ...... suddenly - blam ! - koopa be fire at they from above ! mario . ( to daniella ) here , take my belt . help they get out of that . I will get the rock off the lizard ..... mario give daniella , luigi and Daisy a last look , diving for a large fungus vine as koopa fire . luigi here mario ... take my. belt . mario it 's empty ! luigi trust the fungus . and he throw the belt with the bob - omb and the mushroom in it . luigi the fungus be amongus . p.91 ext . koopa square - bucket - night . ( new scene ) a131 * Inside the bucket koopa have the rock clench between he tooth . mario swing on the fungus towards koopa , but koopa fire , sever the fungus in two . t kcopa only a miracle 's gonna save you , plumber . as mario plummet towards the street he reach out and grab hold of a rail underneath the bucket . koopa peer around for he foe . mario silently climb up behind koopa and .... wham ..... knock the rock from he tooth . it fall down towards ... ext . koopa square - sidewalk ( power grid ) 134 us| lena . who have be run through the street . she have see it fall . unseen by koopa , she dive over the rail in a desperate bid to catch it . landing on the power grid , spark fly , energy crackle .... lena become energise ! with frizzy electrify hair and the rock in she grasp she tear off manically towards the meteorite chamber . daisy lena 's get the rock . we have get to stop she . luigi let go , girl . luigi , Daisy and the girl run down the ramp and through the subway . ext . koopa square - on the rooftop ( bucket ) ( new scene ) 132 koopa , unaware that lena have the rock , frantically search the inside of the __ bucket . mario quickly unty he own leather shoe lace and hold he fist cut to koopa with the leather shoelace hang from it . mario trick koopa into believe - he be hold the pendant . a decoy to enable he friend and brother to get away : mario ls this what you be look for ? koopa give I that rock ........ the bucket lower towards the traffic and both koopa and mario leap off into the car below , chase through the traffic . koopa and mario arrive on the central walkway . koopa at one end , mario at the other . High noon . mario taunt koopa by hold he fist with the hang leather thong over the edge of the railing . r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 92.7 continued : 132 mario . it , lizard breath . come and get he walk toward mario brandish he xing into the air to vent he fury . '' koopa be fum . flamethrower , mario desperately search for sam ing to defend himself with . he plunge he hand into luigi 's empty toolbelt and pull out a bcs - omb . koopa freeze . kcopa stop ! put that down . mario quickly wind it up and set down . koopa stare at the tiny bob - omb in terror . it waddle toward he , but then : the bob - omb drop through a grate onto the street below . both grit they tooth -- nothing happen . nue to stalk toward mario . mario and koor koopa smile , cont he 's inch from we hero now . } io g the barrel of the flamethower , puil it t out the pilot light . koopa cry to nothing . omit scene 132-a135 int . meteorite chamber - same 135 * lena be climb onto the meteorite as luigi , Daisy and the Brooklyn girl burst in . lena sneer at Daisy and thrust the meteorite piece in place , lena it 's mine ! I have earn the power ! but she can not let go -- she hand be fuse to the rock . tiny spire of energy shoot out . then a giant , crackle wave sweep she back ... and disintegrate her . her elongate outline be etched into the wall , like a fossil now luigi and Daisy notice the gateway . it *s beginning to swirl , Energy flash deep inside it like a thundercloud . daniella hey -- that 's where we come through ! luigi hurry . and be careful on the other side . just , uh ... do not look down ! angelica move to the wall and dive through . the rock swirl , more turbulent than before -- it seem to be shrink . the other follow impatiently . r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 93 .* continued : 135 % daniella oturn to luigi tell mario ... she think , shake she head . you can not tell mario anything . luigi do not worry . she 's through . luigi turn . Daisy be climb up to where the meteorite piece be jamme in . luigi Daisy -- do not ! the tiny piece be vibrate , be pull into the meteorite . Daisy just grab it before it can sink all the way in . luigi look worriedly at the imprint of lena on the wall . there 's a reverberating noise as flash of energy skitter along the chember wall ... with oo ext . koopa square - central walkway Al koopa and mario be become strangely transfigure . the reverberating noise be growing louder . kcopa it 's happen ! you do not have the rock at all , you filthy mammal ! ( frantic ) the invasion ! where be my goombas ? int . goomba milling place ( new ) b136 the goombas be assemble for the invasion , gab and drink , they devo gun sling around they shoulder . a small group of they react to the growing reverberating SOUND , then , suddenly , they shimmer out of existence . ext . koopa square - lower level ( new ) c136 people be panicked . traffic be halt . the reverberating SOUND be a steady drone . a driver honk at the car ahead : driver move it , jerk ! out of the way ! the car ahead of he shimmer out of existence , revealing beneath it , the still waddling bob - omb . the driver scream . r&b revision 7/3/32 P. 94 .* io oo ext . koopa square - central walkway - mario and kcopa ( new ) dl koopa and mario now start to shimmer out of existence ... ext . actual brooklyn - excavation site - same 136 * Reporters crowd around the Brooklyn girl by the tunnel . the crew from '' we miraculous World " be the only non-skeptics . skeptical reporter dinosaur world ? rescued by plumber ? daniella not just any plumber , the mario bros . off to the side , scapelli scowl to he associate . scapellt that guy will do anything for publicity . skeptical reporter ( signal a wrap ) 's go , Jake , we be waste we time . the crew shut the van door -- revealing the bewilder goombas . they scream . now the air be shimmering ... and mario and koopa rematerialize in mid-air , along with the section of walkway . the whole thing drop with a thud . the " we miraculous World " crew be get all of it , beam . girl mario ! that 's he ! he 's the guy who rescue we . hey , mario ! daniealla rush forward , worried about she man . scapelli shake he head and start forward . there 's no way mario be go to get all this free publicity for himself . daniella look ! in the distance , the sky shimmer . a reverberating SOUND ... insert - long shot - the world trade CENTER flicker out of existence , and be replace by koopa 's tower . the sky be crackle with energy . back to scene 136 * koopa laugh and pluck a devo gun from a nearby goomba . koopa welcome to my world ... and good - bye . r&b revision 7/3/32 ps 95 : % mario dive , and the blast hit scapelli , who self , drop to he knee : now a chimp in a $ 1200 suit . koopa laugh . the college kid laugh too . mario reach into he tool belt ... pull out a mushroom . mario trust the fungus ! huh ! koopa fire at mario ~- but the mushroom absorb the beam and de -evolve into a giant , primitive mushroom . mario hurl it like a frisbee -- and knock koopa 's devo gun to the ground . int . meteorite chamber - daisy and luigi - same ( formerly 141 ) 137 * luigi have rig a makeshift lever to pull the stone out : he 's afix the wneelpuller to the meteorite , extend it with a wrench , add a 's : pipe for leverage , then attach a bigger wrench , on which they be pull , sweat , and ... D. 4 it 's work ! the reverberating noise be come to a high - pitch crescendo -- they would better hurry . with a final tug , they pull out the tiny piece . D. y grab luigi look proudly at he rig . daisy come on ! ext , actual brooklyn - excavation site - same 138 * mario and koopa struggle for the gun , then ... shimmer away . omit 139 % ext . back in the CENTER of koopa square 140 * koopa and mario merge back . the goombas merge back too . omit 141 * ext . back in the CENTER of koopa square x 142 * sruggle with mario , koopa look to he goombas for help . kocopa you pea-brain moron ! do not just stand there . harmonica music can be hear in the b.g. it 's hark , play the elevator tune . the goombas begin to dance . koopa 's face contort in anger , he eye turn to slit as he regresses into a sinewy half man / half T - rex . he grab a goomba 's gun . omit 143-144 r&b revision 7/3/32 P. 96 . ext . koopa square - STREET level - the bob - omb 145 below the grate , the fizzle to a stop . blam ! a huge explosion and ... ext . koopa square - central walkway 146 koopa be catapult into the air by the explosion . he grab the huge bucket , fight for a better grip , pull himself up . ext . koopa square - central walkway ( new scene ) a147 luigi and Daisy burst out of the subway entrance to see mario face off with koopa . luigi mario ! the chain for toss mario one stand on the rim of the bucket , hol balance , koopa level he weapon ... lui of the devo gun . mario spin and fire . pq koopa be hit by the beam . his face twitches and distort , as he very molocule rearrange . he fall back into the bucket . see you later ... alligator . silence . they cautiously approach the bucket . closer ... a giant I - rex roar out , snap its jaw -- nearly take off mario 's head , the steel bucket bulge and strain . ext . koopa square - central walkway and sidewalk 147 * mario , luigi stumble back , fire simultaneously ... by the fountain al4b Daisy fire , too . ext . koopa square - koopa / rex 148 jolted by the beam , koopa begin to shrink , change ... he lose he grip and tumble over the side ... in slow motion he fall -- while simultaneously de- evolving : lizard to bird to fish to invertebrate to alga to slime ... insert - on the STREET below the slime splat . a car run over it . r&b revision 7/3/32 pe 97 3 ext , koopa square - central walkway ( new scene ) 149 * someone start clap . a cheer go . up -- wild applause , the goombas dance . we heroes hug . luigi need a lift . he activate stomper and catapult they to where Daisy stand by the fountain . they embrace . then the crowd gasp insert - the fungus koopa be go : the funcus_has be avenge . it recede -- gather sinuously , disappear ough the crack . the fountain spring to life , water gush everywhere . more cheer int . koopa' suite - day ( new scene ) a150 the cheer continue below . spike and iggy tura from the window and survey koopa 's domain ... spike well ... where do we start ? iggy a return to the old monarchy would be retrograde ... ext . koopa square - by the founain 150 * luigi ( take she hand ) come on , let 's get home . Daisy stop . she do not know what to say . she stammer ... daisy . ioca not ... I mean ... I can not go yet . luigi what do you mean ? Daisy , you know how I feel about you , even if I do not really say it exactly right . I mean , I want to show you . I want to be with you . Daisy be truly tear , tear welling up in she eye ... you have get to go home . and I .. TI ... r&b revision 7/3/92 P. 98 .* continued : 150 * mario step in impatient mario look , what she 's try to say be , she love you , but she 's gotta stay here until she really know where she belong . and if you love she , you will understand , and you will leave now , before you brother strangle you . he step away , and leave they face each other -- we see mario be right . luigi kiss she for the last time . omit scene 151-153 int . mario bros . apartment - two week later mario , luigi and daniella ere wach themselves on " we miraculous World . " anncr they return the miss Brooklyn woman , and save a parallel world from a ruthless dictator ... I would cail they the Super mario bros . next on " we miraculous World " the man on the Moon ... be actually ... elvis . d . only luigi look little sad . mario and daniella be exc then a pounding on the door . it burst open ! it 's Daisy ! only she shirt be tatter , she hair tossle . a flamethrower at she side . luigi leap up and rush to she . they hug : daisy luigi ! , . , mario -- you have get to come with I ! you have get to help I ! luigi what ? what 's wrong ? daisy you be not go to believe this ... mario grab he tool belt . mario no , I believe it . I belive it .. CUT to black music kick in - roll credit : 44 po - after the initial cl credit : fade in : int . nintendo boardr - day ( new scene ) 156 % dly at one for @ary no nintendo '' end of 2 table , beam itive be fad sutive # 41 thiz cutive # 2 om you adver executive # 1 woah would you call it ? at the other end of the table ike and tggy look at each other . iooy '' sape iggy World ? " sp iee jle spike . " d spike '' tag ry and spike 's ole adventur e incoupe sp iee '' Super spike and iggy World a they comtinue riffing on name as have . fade out nusic kick in again , credit continue to end fade in again fm iggy and spike spire " ae chronicle by spike and iggy . " CUT to bl ck