revise screenplay 17th January , 1983 . alexander salkind present supergirl by David odell copyright 1983 cantharus production n.v. all rights reserved ext . space the camera pull back . . . int . argo CITY and reveal the inside of a dome city honeycombed with fantastic arch . the city be inhabit by young beautiful people in luxurious but simple costume . the camera roam through the City , observe some people seat at a kind of cafe sip drink and relax ; other people be in some kind of exercise class do beautiful graceful movement ; and finally a class of five year old child listen intently to a teacher who be demonstrate a molecular model . teacher and now , who can give I the electron wave function for kryptonian covalent bond ? the five year old eagerly raise they hand . the teacher point to one . child the cube root of the wavelength over the natural log of the integral of the speed of light square . the teacher smile . teacher well , maybe that be a bit too easy ... the camera roam on through the city , follow the sound of a strange , ethereally beautiful sing . the camera discover the source of the sound : a artist sculpting a beautiful crystalline object with a matterwand . the wand make the sing noise as it create matter out of energy . the artist , whose name be zaltar , sometimes whistle along in counterpoint . . a small girl be watch he with fascination . her name be kara , and she be seven . behind she , the dome , which enclose the City , mark the edge of the limbo outside . kara what be you make : zaltar it 's go to be a tree , I think . kara what 's a tree ? zaltar it 's something they have on Earth . you know , where you cousin go . kara where be Earth ? zaltar do not you study six - dimensional geometry in school ? kara yes , I know the equation --- I just can not see it in my head . Zaltar laugh . zaltar even I have trouble with that sometimes . Earth be in outer space . and we be in inner space . kara I do not understand . zaltar wait till you be older . here -- watch this . Zaltar take a small omegahedron out of he pocket and hold it in he hand . zaltar . this be one of the four power source of the City . I borrow it from the guardian . look what I can do with it . Zaltar touch he matter . wand to the omegahedron and the wand instantly become charge with flicker light . he touch he wand to the tree sculpture - -- and the sculpture come alive with dance light and shadow . kara clap she hand with delight at the spectacle . Zaltar step back and admire he handiwork . he carefully put down the omegahedron at he foot , take a small flask from he belt , and drink . zaltar you see , a tree be a live thing . kara can you create life ? zaltar no , no , just the illusion of life . a kind of half - life , maybe . a pale shadow of the real thing . but it be lovely , the way the light play over the surface . . . a woman 's voice can be hear call in the distance . woman' voice kara . kara . kara call out in reply . kara I be here , mother . kara 's mother alura appear through the lacey architecture of the city . alura kara , you should not be so near the Edge without a grow -up . kara I be sorry , mother . zaltar I be keep a eye on she . alura put she arm around she daughter affectionately , show she 's not really angry . together they watch Zaltar 's latest sculpture , flicker with the play of inner light and shadow . alura thank you , Zaltar , but she have to obey the rule . Zaltar take another swig from he flask . and lower he voice confidentially . zaltar you and you husband have be kind to I , alura . I have something to tell you : I be go away . soon . alura but where ? Zaltar bend down to kara and hand she he matterwand . zaltar put you finger there , kara . and press hard . she do , and the wand make a horrible squawk . kara laugh with delight . zaltar good . now , go make something pretty . kara scamper away , hardly able to believe she good fortune , and start to make all kind of surprising sound with the wand on the plaza nearby . Zaltar speak to alura in a low , confidential voice . zaltar I have discover a new way into the phantom Zone . alura but the phantom Zone be for criminal . zaltar it 's big . and empty . I be tired of limit myself to argo City . I want to do something new . I be start to repeat myself here with this airy , glittery stuff .... Zaltar wave a hand deprecatingly at the city around he . alura but Zaltar - -- you found the city ! it 's yours . we be all just refugee from krypton when you gather we together and bring we here , to the inner dimension . you can not abandon we now . you have a responsibility to we ! in the background , kara have be modeling a spiky insect - like creature . now she suddenly find the omegahedron on the ground beside she . she do not stop to wonder how it get there from beside Zaltar 's foot . she simply pick up the omegahedron and touch it to the spiky creature . the creature suddenly flick its wing and come to life , unnotice by the adult . kara drop the wand and laugh out loud with delight as the magical creature take off from the ground and start fly in circle around she head , glitter as if it be make of diamond . zaltar I be a artist , alura . my work come first . other people come second . alura how can you create beauty ... with a selfish heart ? the spiky insect - creature fly closer and closer around the little girl 's head , buzzing angrily . her look of delight turn to fear . she try to shoo the creature away . it fly off toward the thin membrane that enclose the city . the spiky creature fly into the membrane and tear a rag hole in it . with a giant whoosh all the air in the city start to rush out the hole . kara be sweep along toward the hole by the wind . she cry out and stretch plead hand toward she mother . the omegahedron be sweep toward the hole as well . kara grab onto the rag edge of the membrane . zaltar kara --- the power source ! kara reach for it , but it be too far from she , and the omegahedron be suck out into infinity by the wind . Zaltar pick up the matterwand from where kara drop it and touch she with the wand . she be instantly hold fast . Zaltar pull she back inside . he give she to she mother alura . then Zaltar touch he wand to the membrane and seal the hole with masterful chord like a brass choir . the wind die down and all be silent , except for the quiet sobbing of kara in she mother 's arm . Zaltar kneel down beside she and stroke she golden hair tenderly . kara I be sorry ... I do not know . zaltar it be my fault . you be not old enough to use the wand . I should not have give it to you . alura but the power source , Zaltar . zaltar it could not be help . the city will have to make do with three . alura but what will happen ? zaltar the guardian will be angry . they may even send I to the phantom Zone . you see , I do not really have permission to borrow it . I must go explain to they ... Zaltar hurry off nervously . the camera hold on kara' face as she sense this may be she last sight of Zaltar . dissolve to : ext . a springtime meadow - U.S.A . - day . under title a beautiful blonde in jeans and a frilly blouse be walk across a field of wildflower . butterfly flitter and dart from flower to flower . the blonde 's name be selena . she be we ideal image of the girl next door , who grow up into a dynamite lady . her current boyfriend follow along behind she , lug a big wicker hamper from they pickup truck park at the edge of the road . selena find a grassy spot under a old oak . and spread out a red and white check gingham cloth .. selena over here George . it 's the perfect spot . Nice view . George set down the wicker basket and selena start to unpack a scrumptious picnic of home cook food . she unpack fry chicken , hard - boil egg , potato salad , cold beer and a big rich creamy - frost devil food cake . GEORGE you sure be a good cook , selena . man , that look too pretty to eat . selena better eat it quick . it will not look too pretty when it 's all cover with ant . she hand he a chicken drumstick and a hard - boil egg . GEORGE selena , I have be think . it 's time I settle down --- and I do not know a nicer lady to settle down with than you . selena why George , be you propose ? GEORGE marry I , selena . the hardware store do not bring in much now , but ... selena George --- I think you would never ask . a shrill whistling sound from above make they look up . with a loud plop and a spatter of icing the omegahedron fall into the middle of the chocolate cake . GEORGE what the heck be that ? they look up in the bough of the tree overhead , and then down at the chocolate cake splash all over the check cloth . selena a squirrel frisbee ? selena reach out and pick up the omegahedron . it come away from the cake without a trace of the chocolate icing stick to its surface , as if make of some substance , which repel other kind of matter . selena hold the shine omegahedron in she hand and examine it , turn it around and around as if hypnotize . her face take on a new expression . almost as if the simple , wholesome innocence of she nature have be blast away by some profound new knowledge of the universe . selena that 's funny . I would swear I know just what this be , but I have never see it before . she stand up and walk across the checker cloth , in a beeline for the pickup truck . GEORGE hey , where you go ? selena ( call over she shoulder ) I have get thing to do . GEORGE what about my proposal ? selena ( dismissively ) call I next week . maybe we can have lunch . she get in the pickup and . drive away . GEORGE hey ! my truck ! dissolve to : kara ' S face she be ten year older now , a young lady . almost ready to assume the long flow gown of a adult , but still in the tunic wear by that under eighteen . alura ( voice over ) but kara , you be too young to go . another angle . argo CITY . dimmed they be in the assembly amphitheater of the city , where the kindergarten nuclear physics class be see . kara be in the centre of the ring , with adult seat in scattered row around she . her parent Zor - El and alura be stand in front of she . kara I be almost a adult . this be what I want . zor -el but kara , no one have ever go from here to Earth . the journey be dangerous . kara it be my fault we lose the power source . zor - EL year ago . and it be Zaltar who steal it . kara I allow it to escape the City . alura ever since we tell you how you cousin superman be send there as a infant , all you have want to do be visit this place . kara yes , I do want to go . but someone must go . we scan show the power source have finally reach the Earth . it could destroy everything unless someone bring it back . zor - EL superman will return it . kara why have not you be able to contact he ? he should have return from the neutron galaxy age ago . he may be dead . zor - EL but what can you , a mere girl - kara I will have super power there . like he . we can not wait . we light be fade . look around you . when I be a child the City be bright and shine . look at it now . Zor - El and alura sigh . there be no deny that the brilliance of argo City have be much dimme since kara be a little girl . alura what do you teacher think ? Zor - El look around the circle . a beautiful woman speak . teacher it would be sad to lose one of we finest young one to the dimension barrier -- but the City cannot last much longer without the power source . it be she future she 's fight for , Zor - El . zor -el very well , let it be do . alura embrace kara emotionally , fight back the tear . kara too be struggle to control she own emotion . kara do not worry , mother , I will be all right . I have study the transmission from Earth . I know they custom . kara walk out of the amphitheater with she parent . alura but they be such strange , unstable people . kara then I will learn to act strange like they . kara hold up a small handbag . Inside we glimpse red and blue material . kara I have make clothing and copy of they money , I will be fine . her father put he hand on she shoulder . zor - EL be brave , my .daughter . be wise . kara as brave as my father . as wise . they embrace , briefly . kara then step onto a circular platform set into the pavement of the city . instantly transparent bubble form around she . her parent watch as she float away . she pass into a air lock through the membrane that surround the City , and off into a infinity of space . montage : the journey of kara inside " her sphere from the inner dimension to our world . her sphere move from blackness , to a dark green limbo . the atmosphere thicken around she . soon it be unmistakably water , and she be head toward the light above . a fish dart past with a flash of silver . the sphere rush upward faster and faster . it break the surface of the , water . kara spring free of the bubble , which disappear . she be now wear a blue and red costume like she cousin superman . she land on a nearby beach . ext . earth . beach beside the sea . sunrise she look around she , feast with she eye on the detail of this new exciting world . kara bend down and pick up a stone from the ground at she foot . to she astonishment , she crush it to powder in she hand , and blow the fine dust away with a blast of superbreath . she look down at she foot , so firmly plant on the ground . she rise a few inch into the air , and react with amazement . then she look up into the blue sky overhead and she expression of astonishment be replace by a look of joyous long . with a sudden impulse she shoot straight upward . ext . high above the earth . day kara loop and roll , swoops and circle , laugh with sheer delight . ext . high above mountain meadow . horse . day kara swoops down at a herd of horse . the herd part and gallop off in all direction as she pull out of she dive and fly away . CUT to : ext . mountaintop . day kara land on a mountaintop and admire the view . the she bend down and scoops up a handful of snow . she stare at it with awe . insert . microscopic shot of snow crystal in all there infinite variety and beauty . back to scene . day kara stand up , smile . she fly into the air again . ext . forest . day she land and walk among the huge trunk of a primeval forest . shaft of sunlight pierce the gloom . this tree be much more impressive than Zaltar 's imitation back in argo City . she hear a mournful sound and pull back a spray of bramble . she see a baby deer hopelessly tangle in the long cane . she shoot ray of heat vision from she eye and slice through the tough stem . the fawn scramble free , and scamper off into the forest . kara watch it with a benevolent smile . she remove a brunette wig and some street clothing from a secret pocket in she cape . ext . mansion --- garden party a big impressive house somewhere in the Middle West . people mill about on the neatly manicure lawn sip drink and snagging hor d'oeuvre off silver trays from . pass waiter . all the quest have a name tag on , like at some kind of conference . selena , the blonde who discover the power source , be circulate among the quest . she have change since we see she last . no longer the girl next door , she now wear a fabulous designer dress drip with jewel . she walk with the regal air of someone use to be obey , and graciously accept the homage of the quest . a smile , a nod , a kind word from she leave they all bask in the warm afterglow of she attention . but we notice odd detail of the party : the decoration be all base on mystic occult symbol . at the refreshment table , there be a big ten- foot wicker sculpture of a female goat cover with paper flower . and the quest all have a indefinable air of strangeness about they . bianca , a tall cold - eye brunette in black silk dress , whisper in selena 's ear . bianca be careful . Nigel be go to try something . selena do not worry about old Nigel , I can take care of he . he 's just a sore loser . a elderly man in a three - piece pin-stripe suit grab she elbow . elderly man I do not want much , selena . I have simple taste . selena what do you want ? elderly man western Europe . selena I be sorry , but I already promise bianca she could have Switzerland . you know how she love to ski . elderly man no problem . she can have it . I hate mountain . selena leave he negotiate boundary line with bianca and stroll over to a sour-face man in suede who have be scowling at she over he cigarette . selena cheer up , Nigel . it 's not the end of the world . nigel it may well be . I know how you win that election selena . you can not fool I . selena I have plan Nigel . you could come with I ... I be go place . nigel you be not go anywhere . except back to nowheresville . you be too impatient , selena . look around you -- all this people have serve year and year of apprenticeship . some of they family have be in the craft for generation . you can not join and take over we whole organization in a few month . selena smirk at he , self - confidently . selena I just do . because I have the power . nigel you be go to pay a terrible price . the power of shadow be tricky . use it too much and it take over . Nigel drop he cigarette , stub it out on the lawn , and take out he platinum cigarette case . selena bianca 's teach I all ! need to know . I will be safe , as long as I do not go too far . nigel cigarette ? he hold the shiny mirror- like cigarette case in front of she so she can see she reflection . insert . surface of the cigarette case . selena 's reflection . she be still the glamorous beauty , but loom behind she ... invisible to ordinary eye ... be a dark eerie shape of something hideous . back to scene . Quick as a cat , selena bat the cigarette case out of he hand and send it spin into the shrubbery . all trace of the shadow behind she have disappear . nigel sorry . forget you be try to quit . Nigel snag a glass of champagne off the tray of a nearby waiter and sip it insolently . selena Nigel , get out of here . and do not come slithering back . Nigel shake he head . nigel you need I , selena . I be the only one who can save you from a terrible fate . selena I need you like a eskimo need a lawnmower . now burn rubber . Nigel lock eye with she . nigel make I . he take another insolent sip of champagne ... arid discover a scorpion perch on the rim of he glass . Nigel spit out the champagne and , drop the glass . everyone laugh at he . nigel balefire on you , selena ! selena ( grin ) you scorpios can never take a joke . all quest have fall silent , stare at the altercation between the two of they . nigel you think you be on top now . well there be someone come to challenge you . I see it in the card this morning . selena throw he out . two burly waiter seize Nigel and drag he off toward the valet parking . nigel you will not last a year , selena . the card do not lie ! the crowd break into a buzz of conversation . bianca stand up on a chair . the crowd fall silent . bianca let 's not let one rotten apple spoil the party . I give you the first woman in eight hundred year to head the Circle : selena ! applause . selena step up onto a raise dais . and hold up she hand in a invocational gesture . selena thank you , sister and brother of the craft . it be a great honor you have give I , and I will try to be worthy . and when my secret plan be reveal -- you will learn that we be on the threshold of power and influence undream of when Nigel be we leader . more applause . one of the cook applaud at the refreshment table knock over a fuel - pot under a chafing dish . the fuel - pot fall on the ground at the base of the wicker goat statue . selena and now , , I call upon the great mother - - the spirit of nature --- to bless all we endeavor in the come year ... a woman in the .audience scream . everyone look where , she be point . the huge ten-foot tall wicker statue , burst into flame . panic and pandemonium . some of the quest run for safety . other try to throw water onto the blaze , torch - like statue , but in vain . selena frown at the spectacle , and , without a word , turn and stalk into she house . int . selena' house . live room the camera follows selena through the french door and into she large live room . on one wall be a huge , ornate gold - frame mirror , cover with a thick veil . selena sit down in front of a large hearth , and open a secret compartment in the floor . she reach inside and remove a finely wringht metal BOX in the shape of a gargoyle and a pack of card . she put the gargoyle box on she lap , and begin to cast tarot card onto the floor in mystic pattern . the elderly man in the pinstripe suit enter from the garden . outside the excited shout and sound of firefight can still be hear . someone run by in the b.g. with a coil of garden hose . the elderly man walk over to selena , timidly . elderly man be this Nigel 's do ? selena it 's a warning , that 's for sure . elderly man maybe it be just a accident . selena ( mysteriously ) there 's no such thing as a accident . everything have meaning , if you can read the sign . the elderly man look down at the pattern of tarot card selena have cast on the floor . elderly man then what do it mean ??? selena shrug and put aside she card . selena do not ask I . I can not read the sign worth spit . ext . midvale school . day a bus stop in front of the school . kara , disguise in a brunette wig and unfashionable clothing get out of the bus . ( from now on we shall refer to she in human guise by the name of she secret identity linda lee . ) Linda walk up the driveway toward the main building . around she the campus be full of girl all in the school uniform of skirt , blazer , and white knee sock . many of they stare frankly at the new girl in the slightly dowdy dress , carry a batter old suitcase . in front of the school , lucy lane , one of the older girl , be bat in a softball game . she swing and hit one over the fence for a homer . Linda watch the excited , deliriously happy girl --- wonder if she will ever be able to share such strong group emotion . Linda walk up the step to the main building . int . MAIN build . midvale school . stairway Linda walk up the long stairway in the entrance hall . myra , the school bully , pass with she spy and toady the loathsome muffy . as they pass myra speak in a loud voice . myra geeze , another barfy new student . they be really scraping the bottom of the barrel this day . Linda walk on up to the next f1oor . int . MAIN build . midvale school . hall Linda walk along the desert hall and stop at the office of the registrar , mr. danver . she enter . int . registrar's office mr . danver turn from he desk and glare at she . mr. danver do not you believe in knock ? linda oh , yes . knock . the pre-entry signal . I forget . she knock on the open door . her manner be so open and guileless that mr . danver , though he give she a strange look , do not put it down to smart - aleckyness , as he normally would . mr . danver what can I do for you ? linda I be Linda Lee . my cousin write you . mr . danver stare at she blankly . he 's a bit absent-mind . mr . danver cousin ? wrote I ? Linda look at the metal filing cabinet behind he desk . two beam of x-ray vision be faintly visible for a instant from she eye . linda the letter 's in you file . under k , for Kent . mr . danver open he file and search through it . linda I mean , it would probably be there , if you receive it . mr. danver here it be . oh ...of course . you be the orphan . I be so sorry about you parent . we will try to make you happy here . he rise and walk around the desk toward she . he put he hand on she shoulder in a fatherly fashion . CUT to : ext . campus . dorm mr . danver be carry she suitcase as he show she around the campus . mr danver ... since you school record be lose in the fire , we '11 start you out easy first . you will have English , Latin , french , History , Art , chemistry , math , biology and Computing . later on , you can add some elective . I think we will put you in " G " dorm . he open the door and usher she into the dorm . int . dorm . corridor mr . danver lead Linda down the corridor . a girl dorm monitor see he and yell out the traditional signal . student monitor man on the floor ! immediately , several of the room door along the corridor slam shut . mr. danver smile indulgently and lead Linda along to one of the room with a open door . int . dorm room lucy lane , still in she softball flannel , be digging mud out of she cleat with a swiss Army knife hold over a wastebasket . mr. danver knock on the open door , in the pre-entry signal of Earth . Lucy look up . lucy oh , mr. danver , come in and park it . mr. danver Lucy , you roommate still home with anorexia ? lucy it be not anorexia . it be the food . mr danver Linda , this be Lucy Lane . you can room with she . show she around , Lucy ; I believe you know she cousin , mr. , uh , Kent . Lucy turn into a bundle of enthusiasm . she grab Linda 's suitcase and lead she into the room chatter away excitedly . lucy wow , you be Clark 's cousin ?? fabuloso ! Clark 's a hunk . my sister lois be a real nerd to let that one get away . you will love it here , we have a great dorm , some really insane character , I mean radical craziness ... mr . danver slip away , leave the two new roommate to get acquainted . Lucy put Linda 's suitcase on the bare mattress of the empty bed and open the dresser drawer to help she unpack . linda I can do that . lucy no sweat . when 's the rest of you stuff arrive ? she look down at the nearly empty suitcase . linda there be not any . lucy this be all you clothes ? Lucy involuntarily glance over she shoulder at the bulg closet beside . she own bed . Lucy 's bed be smother with teddy bear , and the wall around it be cover with photo and poster of male rock singer , movie star , and tennis player . also a large paint poster of superman . linda I have money to buy more , but I have not have a chance since ... lucy since what ?? do you have a fire at you house or something ? linda I would rather not talk about it . lucy you be not ... a orphan be you ? linda my cousin Clark be my only relative on Earth . lucy oh wow , I should have know . I and my big mouth . listen , you can borrow any of my clothes you want . any time . linda thank you . you be very kind . lucy I be real sorry , Linda , I should have know it be something tragic if you show up without a wardrobe . here , try on this . and this . Lucy start pull clothes out of she closet and toss to Linda . CUT to : ext . school playing field . day Girls in they adorable school gym outfit run around play field hockey . Linda hang back on the outskirt of the mob . she see myra put she stick between Lucy 's leg and trip she . Linda stop to help Lucy up . linda she do that deliberately . lucy she 's a beast . the pack turn and head back toward they , the lead . myra slap the puck directly at . step in front of it to protect Lucy . the and shatter . . play stop . the girl mill confusion , pick up the little piece of with myra in Lucy . Linda puck hit Linda around in puck . lucy how would you do that ? linda must have be a defective puck . int . locker room . day Girls pile in and start to take off they uniform . shower be run in the background . Linda unlace she shoe . Lucy be unlace beside she . lucy keep a eye peel for myra . she 's out to get you . linda but what for ? lucy she just hate anybody who be not afraid of she . int . shower . later . day Linda and Lucy ( see from the shoulder up ) be enjoy a nice warm shower . Linda look through the tile wall ( with she x-ray vision ) and see myra next door , fool with the plumbing . int . plumbing room myra ( whisper ) be they in ? muffy ( myra 's spy ) nod yes from she look - out position . myra listen to the scream when I shut off the cold water . she take a huge wrench and start to shut off a valve . her spy look worriedly at the valve . muffy but , myra , why do not you shut off the hot water and give they a ice bath ? if you shut off the cold it , could scald they . myra so they lose a little skin . serve them right . myra pull on the wrench . int . shower Linda shoot a beam of she heat vision through the wall . int . plumbing room myra pull on the valve , but the wrench glow red hot in she hand . she let go with a cry of pain . a pipe spring a leak , drench she in she school uniform . myra head for the door , to get out . more pipe spring leak . myra be soak , she hair all bedraggle , she uniform a mess . CUT to : int . compute CLASS mr . danver be put a fairly complicated equation on the blackboard . all the student sit at the console of little personal computer stare at they blank monitor screen . except for Linda , who be stare intently at the wall on one side of the classroom . mr danver now , this be the kind of problem that use to take week before the computer . it still take a long time without certain algorithm . Linda stare out through the solid wall with she X - ray vision . ext . campus a cat be stalking along a branch of a tree toward a nest of little baby bird . the nest be wedge on top of a window cornice on one of the building , but the tree branch pass just close enough by it for the cat to grab the baby bird when he get there . slowly the cat inch along the branch . suddenly a beam of light hit the branch . it burst into flame , and fall down to the ground , save the bird from any future danger . the cat turn around like a felon catch in the act , run down the tree trunk , and scamper away . int . CLASS Linda smile to herself . mr . danver ( o.s. ) Linda ? be you with we ? she turn to look at mr . danver and find everyone in class stare at she . linda uh , yes , mr. danver . she look at the board . linda the answer be 5,271,009,010 . Linda smile , proud that she get the right answer . the other girl in the class laugh at she . even she friend Lucy snicker . Linda realize she have make a mistake , but be not sure how serious it be . the class bell ring and the girl dash for the exit . Linda stay in she seat stare at Mr. danver as he go around the room switch off the computer . mr . danver you may go , Linda . but try not to clown around in the future . she meekly head for the door . he turn to erase the blackboard . something stay he hand , and he look at the problem . then he put down the eraser and start to copy the problem on a piece of paper . ext . road outside school . day selena 's cadillac drive past the school . softball in front . Girls be play softball in front . int . cadillac bianca be drive . selena sit in the back brood . her tarot card and the metal gargoyle box be beside she on the open counter of a build - in bar . she suddenly call out to bianca . selena stop the car ! bianca jam on the brake and the car screech to a halt . ext . road outside school the girl stop they softball game and turn to stare at the cadillac . int . cadillac selena be gather up she scattered thing from the floor of the car . selena I say stop , I do not say run into a brick wall . bianca what be it ? selena the coffer of shadow . look at it . the metal gargoyle box be glow with a inner radiance . selena what do it mean ? bianca the danger . the one Nigel speak of . it must be near . they stare out the car window at the girl ' softball game , which be resume . selena oh , fiddlestick . what could be dangerous about a baseball game ? bianca softball . selena it must be the girl . one of the girl . bianca but which one ? selena drive on . we have already attract enough attention . bianca start up the car again and drive smoothly away . selena we will bide we time and keep watch . Young girl just can not keep a secret . if one of they 's up to something -- we will find out . bianca and then , like great cat --- we pounce ! and destroy ! the car swerve slightly . selena bianca , try not to be so bloodthirsty when you be at the wheel . ok ? bianca sorry , mistress . CUT to : ext . dorm . day Linda be stand at the bathroom ' window of she dorm room , look outside with a melancholy expression . she slide the curtain across the window , so no one can see in . int . linda and lucy room . day Lucy run in , fresh from she softball game , and sit down on the bed as usual to dig the mud out of she cleat . Lucy 's bed be still a riot of stuff animal and frilly lace pillow . Linda 's bed ' across the room be austere and almost monastic , with no family photo , poster , or toy . lucy hey , Linda , you in there ? linda ( o.s. ) uh-huh . Linda answer from inside the shut bathroom door . lucy how much longer you gonna be ? linda ( o.s . ) not long . I be cut my hair . Lucy cross to the bathroom door . lucy you be a maniac ! let I do it for you . you will look awful . int . bathroom off dorm room . day Linda be in she supergirl costume and she blonde hair . her brunette wig be hang on a hook beside the mirror . supergirl I can manage , thanks . supergirl hold out a lock of she blonde hair . she look into the mirror and shoot a beam of ENERGY from her eye , which reflect off the mirror and strike she hair , cut off one inch of the blonde strand . int . dorm lucy I cut my own hair once . I look so awful the only thing be to go totally punk ! Linda open the door and step out of the bathroom . she be wear she brunette wig and she Linda clothing . Lucy be puzzle . lucy you hair look the same . linda it be just a trim . the student hall monitor stick she head in the door and yell excitedly . jody hey guy , gloria just get a package from home . lucy what 's in it ? jody a hair dryer that make popcorn ! lucy wow ! pig-out time . come on Linda . Lucy hurry to the door . Linda hold back . linda no thanks . you go on . lucy you sure ? Linda nod bravely , and Lucy dash off down the hall toward the lounge . Linda stand alone in the room . a beam of light from the set sun shine through the room , and cast a pool of light on the opposite wall . Linda look at the beam of light with nostalgia . int . dorm lounge Lucy and the other girl be stuff themselves with popcorn turn out in bowlfull by gloria 's new hair dryer . the package it come from lie tear open on the table beside the hair-dryer . some of the girl start a playful popcorn - throw fight in the b.g. one of the girl be strumm she guitar , and start to sing " there 's no place like Home " . one by one the other girl join in . it 's a scene of high spirit and camaraderie , in contrast to Linda 's loneliness . int . linda' dorm room Linda , still stare at the sunbeam shine through she room , and at the tiny dust mote dance in the beam . from down the hall come the sound of the girl sing , in improvise six - part harmony . girl .o.s . ) " be it ever so humble , there 's no place like home ... " a tear of self - pity and homesickness well up in Linda 's eye and run down she cheek . she step into the beam of sunlight and it shine full on she face . she suddenly hear alura 's voice in she mind . alura ( o.s. ) kara , my darling ... linda mother ! be it you ? where be you ??? alura ( o.s . ) in argo City . have you find the power source ? linda mother , this world be so big . I do not know where to begin to look . alura ( o.s. ) kara , be careful . there be some terrible evil force come near you . I can feel it . keep to you disguise . let no one know who you be . linda but why ? I have super power . nothing can hurt I . alura ( o.s . ) there be more power in the universe than we know . and more than we can imagine . be careful , kara . and come home safely . the sun set and the beam of light disappear as if a switch have be snap off , leave Linda alone in the warm afterglow of twilight . the soft strain of girl harmonize float down the hall . girl ( o.s. ) " ... mid pleasure and palace where 'ere I roam , be it ever so humble , there 's no place like home . " CUT to : ext . school ground . bench . day Linda sit by herself read on a stone bench : she be wear the school uniform now . all around she girl be run out of the dorm with overnight case and climb into car drive by middle - age couple . there be a frantic bustle of activity . CUT to : int . office in the math department Mr. danver sit at he computer , which be spew out page after page of a complicated printout . finally the printer stop . he read out the bottom line . mr . danver five billion , two hundred and seventy - one million , nine thousand , and ten . he sit back in he chair and puff thoughtfully on he pipe . ext . school ground . bench . day . later the campus be desert . Linda still pretend to read , but she sense of loneliness be palpable . suddenly Mr. danver be beside she , look down . mr . danver no plan for the weekend , Linda ? linda no , mr. danver . mr . danver can not have you mope around the campus . why do not you come home with we for dinner ? linda I would love to . dissolve to : ext . backyard of danvers' house . day Mr. &amp ; Mrs. danver and Linda sit outside under the tree at a table pile high with delicious home cook food . , the dog beg for scrap . as the scene progress ( mos ) the danver bring Linda out of she shyness until they all laugh together share food , joke and happiness . A. dreamlike moment of nostalgia from everyone 's childhood . int . selena' house . live room . day selena , at she most glamorous , in silk hostess pajamas and scad of pearl , stand look out the french , door of she mansion . she be stare shamelessly at ethan , a handsome young landscape gardener . bianca be stand beside selena . bianca be he you entertainment for tonight ? selena he will be . in about five minute . bianca have fun . bianca exit , and selena wave to ethan from the french door . ext . selena' house . garden . day . ethan be sketching the house , add new tree and shrub in he draw . he see selena wave , and walk over to she . int . selena' house . live room . day selena finish you estimate ? ethan well , there 's several way to go . selena come in , have a drink , we will talk . she usher he inside and sit he down in front of the vast hearth . selena you must be very popular in the neighborhood . I always see you truck park around . ethan I have a lot of repeat business . people seem to like my service . selena I bet they do . ethan what 's that big black scar on the ground ? like a fire . selena oh , you know how party be . always some damage . ethan spread he drawing out on he knee . ethan now we could put in rhododendrons or lilac ... depend on how alkaline you soil be . selena give a cursory glance at the sketch , and then turn to a silver tray beside she . she pick up a frosty pitcher and pour a iced fruit drink into two tall glass . selena I just love plant and grow thing . it must be wonderful to have green thumb . cheer ! ethan look at the drink with misgive . ethan uh , no thanks , I do not drink during the day . selena gesture outside . selena but look , it 's almost sundown ! ethan glance outside . selena pour some poisonous look red liquid into he glass from a tiny bottle hide in she hand while he attention be distract . ethan really , I be not thirsty . now I could put in some honeysuckle there and there ... selena pout exaggeratedly . selena just take a sip or . I will be hurt . it 's a old family recipe , I be famous for they . ethan pause . he do not want to offend he rich new customer over such a trifle . ethan what be it ? selena a passionfruit smoothee . ethan well , just one . he take he glass ( with the extra ingredient ) and clink it against hers in a toast . selena to we . and to the seed we will plant together . ethan I will drink to that . he take a careful sip of he drink , taste , and smile . ethan hmmm . delicious ! he toss off the rest of it in one gulp . selena watch he triumphantly . ethan now , about my fee ... he suddenly clutches he throat with a gasp and collapse unconscious on the couch . she lean over he and stroke he cheek delicately with she long red-naile finger . selena sleep well . and when you wake , drow in my eye and be all mine . the doorbell ring . selena look up with annoyance . selena if that 's the jehovah 's witnesses again ... she angrily walk toward the hall , casting a fond look back at ethan . selena do not go away , gorgeous . I will be right back . ext . front door of mansion Nigel in a skin-tight vinyl jumpsuit with multidirectional chrome zipper be lean on the bell . behind he he porsche be park in the driveway , and beyond at the curb be a truck with ethan's nursery and landscaping paint on it . selena open the door , see Nigel , and try to close it . but Nigel put he foot in and keep it open . selena Nigel , get lose . nigel I have to talk to you . selena you be waste you breath . nigel you use to listen to I . when you ask I to teach you something of the craft . selena I could teach you a thing or two now . int . selena' live room ethan open he eye . he rise from the couch and stand there sway deliriously . insert . p.o.v. of ethan the room swirl and distort around he in garish nightmare colour . back to scene ethan clutches he head as though it be split apart , and lurch out of the french door into the terrace . ext . front door of mansion selena be listen impatiently to Nigel , and stare oddly at he . nigel ... trust the wisdom of the ancient , trust the great mother to protect we ... why. be you stare at I like that ? selena I be just think , if I have you skin problem , I would use a good tannisroot ointment . every night . Nigel be rather vain about he smooth olive complexion , so he be completely throw off he stride . nigel nothing 's wrong with my skin . selena such a shame . you ought to take better care of yourself . selena close the door while he 's off he guard . Nigel take a pocket mirror out of he shoulder bag and stare with horror at he reflection . his face be erupting all over in ugly red blotches . nigel nasty bitch ! ext . ground of selena' mansion . sunset ethan stagger across the lawn , still clutching he head , obviously very ill . as he disappear through the shrubbery on the far side of the lawn , he mutter drunkenly to himself . ethan rhododendron .. . .honeysuckle . . . int . selena' live room selena enter and find ethan go . she be furious . she walk to the french door . selena ethan . come back . you will spoil everything ! int . the danver ' live room . night Linda be play chess with mr . danver , while he wife knit on the sofa . mrs . danver I think you would better be get back to the dorm , Linda . the housemother will expect you to sign in by eight . Linda stand up from the chessboard . linda thank you both so much . it be a lovely lunch , Mrs. danver . I have a wonderful time . and you be a terrific chess player mr. danver . mr. danver what ? I ? linda sure . mate in five move . she move the piece chonk , chonk , chonk , chonk , chonk ... linda ... and there go my king . get to hand it to you , I do not see it come . well , bye . she walk out the door into the night . mrs . danver what a lovely child . such nice manners . we must have she back , do not you think ? mr . danver ' grunt absent - mindedly , bemuse at he loss . int . selena' live room . night selena pace agitatedly in she live room . finally she stop in front of the ornate mirror hang on the wall . she put she hand on the heavy veil cover it . selena show I ethan . she rip aside the veil . the image in the mirror show ethan staggering drunkenly through the night cown the centre white line of a highway . car whizz past he in both direction . selena the silly fool ! ext . hamburger heaven . night Lucy be in front of the local hamburger drive - in in she thunderbird convertible , talk to the foxiest dude at rindge tech . other teens be hang out and listen to rock music outside the drive - in . Lucy catch sight of Linda walk along the side of the road . lucy hey , Linda ! ( to the boy ) it 's my roommate . you will love she . she 's really off the wall ! Lucy jump out of she car , run over to Linda , and whisper urgently in she ear . lucy Linda babe ! there 's this all - night party at Eddie 's ... he folk be away ... linda oh , I do not know . I be not sign out for a overnight . lucy go back , sign in , and climb out the bathroom window . mccloskey 's always zonk out : she will never hear you . linda it do not seem right . lucy please , as a favour to I ? so I will not be the only girl ? Linda catch sight of a figure teeter down the centre , white line of the highway . Cars honk and zoom past he . linda look at that guy ! Lucy whirl around and look . lucy what a space cadet . ( yell and wave ) hey , you dingleberry ! get outta the street ! ethan ignore they , and continue to teeter deliriously . insert . ethan be p.o.v. he see the night as a fairyland of dance , blurred light : the neon of the hamburger stand ; the garish pump of the gas station across the street , the streaking head and taillight of the car on either side . all sound be similarly distort and far away . back to scene linda why be he act so strangely ? lucy I dunno , but he 's gonna get cream . int . selena' live room . night selena hold the metal box shape like a gargoyle . she look at the image of ethan in she mirror . selena power of shadows ... bring he to I . the box in she hand glow with a inner light . ext . STREET opposite h]1.. mbup.ger restaurant . night there be a construction site next to the hamburger place . a giant bulldozer suddenly roar to life and burst through the chain link fence surround the construction site . with no one at the control , the bulldozer drive out onto the street . ethan see its gaping jaw and run clumsily away . they snap at he with the clash of steel . he stumble and the bulldozer scoops he up . it wheel around and start to carry he away , with one of he leg protrude through the tooth of its giant mouth . the onlooker be stunne and horrify . lucy omigod , it 's a runaway ! Lucy sprint out into the street , run after the driverless bulldozer . linda Lucy ; come back ! lucy somebody 's gotta do something !! Lucy dodge through the car and alongside the bulldozer . she climb bravely up into the driver 's seat and try to tug at the control . they be freeze . in desperation Lucy yank on the steering wheel . the bulldozer turn ninety degree into the gas station . ext . gas station . night a tourist be fill he station wagon at one of the self - service pump . his wife be bring they toddler back from the rest room . the bulldozer suddenly smashes into the gas pump and through the gas station . the tourist dive out of its path . the bulldozer circle behind the gas station toward a small motel next door , leave in its wake a totale station wagon , and gasoline leak on the ground from the smashed pump . ext . hamburger restaurant . night Linda watch with mount horror . and yet she remember the warning from alura , and stand freeze , unable to intervene . ext . motel / gas station . night Lucy fight the wheel in vain . the bulldozer circle through the motel , smash the individual cabin into matchstick . the bulldozer drive under the motel sign which hit lucy on the head , knocking her unconscious . finally , the bulldozer come full circle and halt against a utility pole next to the gas station . the utility pole lean at a crazy angle . its electric wire break and dangle down , flash blue arc of electricity where they touch the pavement . the river of gasoline from the break pump flow inexorably toward the arcing power line . the mother kneel beside she daze husband and look over at she toddler run toward the arcing wire , he arm hold out eagerly . mother my baby !!!!! instead of help , the onlooker turn and flee the inevitable fire . ext . hamburger restaurant . night Linda can not take it any longer . she duck into the desert hamburger restaurant . a instant later , she emerge through a skylight in the roof in red and blue costume as supergirl ! she stand on - the roof in front of a big illuminate advertising sign , which hide she from the flee crowd . supergirl take a deep breath and blow with she super lung : . the toddler be blow safely 1nto he mother 's arm . mother my baby . she grasp the child in she arm and help she husband hobble to safety just as the river of gasoline reach the sparking wire and burst into flame . the bulldozer , with Lucy Lane unconscious at the control and ethan imprison in the scoop , be surround by a impenetrable ring of FIRE . supergirl dash through the ring of fire so fast that if there be any spectator who be not run for they life she would only be visible as a red and blue streak . ext . accident scene / gas station . night inside the ring of FIRE . supergirl take the unconscious Lucy from the driver 's seat and carry she in she arm to the front of the bulldozer . supergirl pull open the massive metal jaw with one hand like they be sheet rubber . int . scoop of bulldozer ethan look up as supergirl slide Lucy Lane in beside he . he see supergirl 's face backlit by the raging inferno outside . supergirl everything 's go to be all right . she 's just unconscious . no break bone . insert ethan be p.o.v. looking at supergirl from inside the scoop ethan 's swirl distort vision suddenly focus with , absolute clarity . a moment outside of time . the most romantic glamorous image imaginable : the blonde , backlit , look at he with concern , she lip slightly parte . back to scene there be something about ethan 's ecstasy , which hold supergirl for a moment . ethan God ... you be beautiful . int . selena' live room selena watch the image of ethan and supergirl in she mirror . her face be a study in jealousy and dismay . ethan ( in the mirror ) God ... you be beautiful . selena that be mean for I ! ext . accident scene / gas station . bulldozer . ring of FIRE supergirl thank you . I be go to close this up again . ethan wait ... do not leave I in here ... supergirl it 's for you own protection . she pull the massive steel jaw shut and tear the scoop off the bulldozer with a sound of rending metal . immediately afterwards , the flame reach the underground storage tank and the bulldozer be envelop in a fiery explosion . ext . accident scene . outside ring of FIRE . night the entire gas station be a column of flame and black smoke reach up into the night sky . a fire truck and a police car arrive on the scene , siren scream . the tourist family watch from a safe distance , they toddler clap he hand excitedly at the spectacle . ext . in the sky . high above the accident . night supergirl fly out of the column of black smoke , carry the seal bulldozer scoop with ethan and Lucy safely inside . ethan ( call from inside ) what 's happen ? supergirl ( shouting over the wind ) I be take you to the hospital . ethan ( within ) let I out . I have to talk to you . supergirl later . ext . accident scene . post FIRE . night the firemen have smother the fire with a blanket of foam . the blacken bulldozer minus its front scoop stand next to the smashed station wagon . a bewilder policeman be search for victim . policeman where 's the casualty ? you can not tell I there 's no casualty . int . selena' live room . night bianca enter and see selena stare raptly at the mirror . bianca I come as quickly as I could . what be the danger ? selena it 's what we be warn about . selena point to the mirror , which show the image of supergirl flying through the AIR carrying the bulldozer scoop . bianca can not quite make out what it be at first . bianca a Storm Dragon ? selena no , a super girl . ext . hospital entrance . night supergirl land with the bulldozer scoop in front of the emergency entrance . there be no one around . supergirl rip open the seal scoop with a loud noise of rending metal . int . hospital emergency room . night two intern be chat in the corridor near the door . they jump at the sound of bend steel outside . first intern what be that ? second intern maybe we better take a look . ext . hospital entrance . night supergirl have strapped ethan and the semi-conscious Lucy onto wheeled gurney . ethan do not leave I . supergirl I have to . ethan when can I see , you again ? supergirl relax . tomorrow this will all seem like a bad dream . Goodbye . she give the gurney a shove . int . hospital emergency room . night the automatic door open and ethan and Lucy roll inside on the gurney . first intern do we use the laugh gas tonight ? second intern that be last night . first intern then this be really happen . the two intern catch the gurney , and start examine ethan and Lucy . second intern hey fella , can you talk ??? ethan begin to babble deliriously . ethan the girl . where be she ? it never hit I like this before . I love she . my angel . he sit up , tear brim in he eye , and grasp the , intern by the lapel . ethan where be she ? I love she , do not you understand ? I will die if I can not have she . the intern pull away and point to Lucy , who be beginning to come to . first intern she 's right here fella . ethan no , not she . the blonde , the one who carry we through the air : . she can fly . she 's a angel . the two intern exchange a glance . one of they step to a wall intercom . second intern this be stenzl in emergency . we get a 412 . send down the boy from psycho . ethan no ! she 's real ! I see she ! CUT to : int . selena ' S mansion . night selena , be brood in front of she mirror , which show ethan in the hospital struggling with the two intern . selena cover the mirror with its heavy veil . she speak to bianca stand beside she . selena why do she have to show up now ? bianca eliminate she . selena that 's easy for you to say , bianca . bianca you can do it . you be the most powerful woman on Earth . selena be i? still ? there be a pause as the implication reverberate . bianca yes ! you own the coffer of shadow . nothing can withstand its power . selena I have be save it . for the right moment . bianca that moment be now ! what good be a sword unless it be unsheathed ? use it , and no one will dare oppose you again . no one . selena toy with the idea in she mind , turn over the various argument . a smile creep across she face . selena not even Nigel . selena go to the secret compartment , open it and take out the metal gargoyle box . she look at it with a dreamy , far-away expression on she face . selena what do I do ? I do not know she name . bianca the naming of name be not necessary . just concentrate on she face . you shadow will do the rest . selena hold the gargoyle box out in front of she and open the lid . Inside be the omegahedron power source from argo City , spin around a strange dark region in its centre . selena close she eye and whisper to the spin ring . selena power of shadow hear I . find she wherever she be . find she and destroy she . a black cloud of shadow burst out of the centre of the omegahedron , fill the room . selena drop the gargoyle box and shrink back with sudden misgiving at what she have unleash . even bianca 's face have go white . the two woman huddle together as a huge invisible presence fill the room with darkness . then the unseen presence suddenly smashes its way outside through the solid wall of selena' live room , leave a big hole and a trail of crush furniture behind it . Light return to the room as the shadow depart . and from outside the sound of crackle shrubbery die away . selena regains she composure and look around at the mess of she once splendid live room . selena next time , remind I to do this out in the yard . bianca yes , of course , it be foolish of I . bianca reach down to the floor for the gargoyle box with the omegahedron , which be still lie right where selena drop it . but selena quickly pick it up herself before bianca can touch it . selena I think I would better keep it . bianca whatever you say . selena yes . whatever I say . from now on . she shut the lid of the gargoyle box , sealing the spin omegahedron safely inside . CUT to : int . danver ' live room . night Mrs. danver be on the phone . mrs . danver the housemother still do not answer . Mrs. danver hang up the phone with a worried expression . mr . danver probably drunk again . I be sure Linda get back all right . mrs . danver we should have drive she . Mr. danver stand up and put on he jacket . mr . danver I will just drop by the school and . make sure she 's all right . ext . midvale school . deserted campus . outside the dorm . night Linda drive up in Lucy 's car , the one leave behind at the scene of the accident outside the hamburger place . she drive past the paddle tennis court and park in front of the dorm . Linda get out of the car , and let herself into the dorm with a key . Inside , she sign she name in the book . , int . dorm corridor . night Linda walk down the long dormitory corridor past room after empty room . the place be kind of spooky . int . linda' room . night Linda enter the room she share with Lucy . she put Lucy 's car key on she bedside table next to the snapshot of Lucy 's family and of she half - dozen current boyfriend . Linda turn and cross the room to she own monastic bed in its drab , undecorate corner . she lie down on she bed with a sigh , stare at the ceiling in a melancholy mood . suddenly , she sense that something be not right . she get up from the bed , walk to the window , and gaze out a-t the desert campus . ext . outside dorm . tennis court . night . the dorm be set apart from other school building and surround by tall tree . the tennis court be visible from Linda 's window , and a city park adjoin the school property . the unseen monster be hear approach through the park with a thud of heavy footfalls and the crack of snap tree trunk and branch . a bolt of lightning flash , follow by a crash of thunder . the wind howl . a storm be brewing . Far away across the campus something huge and powerful force itself between the two big oak , snap they like matchstick . the unseen monster haul its enormous bulk toward the dormitory , crush everything in its path , its footstep make the ground tremble like a earthquake . int . linda' bedroom . night Linda watch with uncomprehend eye the approach swath of destruction head straight for she . nothing she have learn about this strange alien world have prepare " she for this . for the first time since she leave argo City , she eye show fear . and yet there 's a deeper streak of defiance in she that impel she to stand she ground and face the horrible juggernaut . ext . form . tennis court . campus . night huge footprint sink into the damp grass of the campus . a bicycle rack full of schwinn be flatten into the dirt with a metallic screech . the monster proceed inexorably toward the wooden rain shelter on one side of the tennis court . the shelter be crush to kindling wood . the monster drag its enormous unseen bulk across the smooth clay surface of the tennis court , crunching , deep crack depression in the clay . the net stretch and groan toward Linda as the ' invisible enormity come closer , and finally snap with a loud twanging sound as the steel cable part . the tall cyclone fence bulge outward toward Linda and momentarily outline the form of " the monster before it crumple and fall with the screech of twisted steel . the only thing between Linda and the monster be Lucy . ' 's park car . the monster stomp the car flat with a noise like collide express train and head for Linda . int . linda' bedroom . night linda hey , that 's my roommate 's car ! determination flood she face . she whip off she brunette wig and she civilian clothing to reveal the blonde hair and red blue tunic of supergirl ! ext . outside the dorm . night supergirl fly out the dorm window and land in front of the unseen monster . she raise she hand in challenge and call out in a commanding voice . supergirl leave this place and do no harm . something pick supergirl up and fling she against the wall of the dorm , crush the soft drink dispenser under she and squirting cola in every direction . lightn flash and thunder boom overhead . supergirl pick herself up , shake . she launch herself directly at the space in mid-air ten foot above the monster 's footprint . she crash into something hard and invisible with the sound of a tremendous impact . supergirl fall to the ground , staggered by the concussion . the irresistible force have meet the immovable object . supergirl look up , and --- alter the wavelength of she X - Ray vision to a transcendental frequency --- paint this beam over the monster and just for a instant make it visible : a huge nightmare shape looming over her , and reaching out to crush her with massive talon . then the image fade . supergirl be seize again and flung against the school flagpole , break it off at the base . supergirl stand up and seize the flagpole . she look up at the flicker lightning in the sky . she fly straight upward into the storm with the bare flagpole hold in front of she . ext . thunder STORM . lightning again and again huge bolt of lightning strike the flagpole . supergirl 's face be contort with agony as she body absorb enough electricity to run Las Vegas for a year . she look down and see through a break in the cloud the campus far below . ext . campus suddenly supergirl dive down from the sky , glow with accumulate electricity . she embrace the monster with a tremendous crackle of energy . the two of they be bath in brilliant arc light . the monster be briefly make visible again by the energy . but this time it be shrink , shriveling up into a shapeless lump . the light fade as the energy be discharge . a dark , shapeless lump detach itself from supergirl 's grasp and fly shriek away into the night . supergirl stand alone and exhaust , she muscle tremble with fatigue . she turn and walk unsteadily back toward the dorm . CUT to : ext . campus . night mr . danver drive up the long driveway toward Linda 's dorm . he park he car behind the flatten remain of Lucy 's car , and get out , stare with amazement at the destruction wringht by the titanic struggle . he walk toward the dorm , fear and confusion on he face . int . dorm . entry . night Mr. danver push through the unlock front door . he glance in the sign - out book for Linda 's name . then he knock on the door label housemother mrs . mccloskey . no reply . he open that door and peek in . int . housemother' room . night a slovenly , overweight woman in a housecoat be curl up on she sofa , a bottle of whiskey clutch to she breast . she snore heroically . int . dorm . hallway . night Mr. danver walk quickly down the long line of empty room to Linda and Lucy 's room . int . linda' room . night Mr. danver pause at the door and look in . supergirl , in she blonde hair and red and blue tunic , be lie asleep on Linda 's bed . mr . danver a supergirl ... ( to she ) Linda ... be it Linda ? supergirl look up at he and smile , weakly . supergirl I do not want anyone to know ... but I be so tired ... forget ... M. danver sit on the side of she bed . mr . danver be you all right ? supergirl just need rest , that 's all . sorry about all the damage outside . I have to fight some terrible thing ... mr. danver but why ? supergirl a evil force . try to destroy I . she sit up and look anxiously at he . int . selena' house . live room selena watch they image in she mirror . supergirl ( image ) you will not tell anybody , will you ? mr . danver ( image ) not even my wife . and , if there 's anything I can do to help --- I would be honoure . int . dorm . linda' room supergirl sink back down and close she eye . supergirl thank you , Mr. danver . she lapse into a deep sleep . Mr. danver stand up , and pull the cover up over she in a fatherly gesture . he stand beside the bed for a long time look down at she , and then walk out of the room , close the door shut behind he . CUT t0 : ext . hospital entrance . day Linda get off a bus and enter the hospital . int . hospital . day Lucy Lane be sit up in bed with a white bandage around she head . superman 's pal jimmy olsen be stand awkwardly beside the bed hold a small bunch of daffodil . Lucy be talk animatedly on she bedside telephone , when Linda enter . lucy ... come see I . and smuggle in a pint , they will not let I have anything , but make sure it 's jamocha almond fudge . . listen , I get to run , my roommate just walk in . bye . Lucy hang up and turn to Linda . lucy hey , Linda -babe ! I have get so much to tell you , I do not know where to begin ! oh -- this be Jimmy Olsen , he work with Clark and my sister at the newspaper . jimmy Nice to meet you . Lucy 's tell I all about you . you cousin Clark teach I everything I know about the newspaper business . linda Nice to meet you . she shake hand shyly with Jimmy , then turn to Lucy . linda I be afraid I have some bad news about you car . lucy Mr. danver call . I will get a new one with the insurance money . b.f.d . Jimmy keep look at Linda . jimmy do you have any theory about last night ? linda theory ? jimmy how Lucy and that guy get to the hospital . and all that damage at the school . the police be call it a freak tornado . I would like to interview you for the Daily - - lucy ( overlap ) oh , Jimmy , can not you forget about you career for one second ? jimmy -- Planet . I mean , you be there . do you think it be natural , or like some people be claim , supernatural ? linda I believe there 's a rational explanation for everything . but I do not know what it be . jimmy can I quote you ? Lucy hand Jimmy a stainless steel urinal . lucy Jimmy , would you please put that poor flower in water before they die ? jimmy oh , sure . he step into Lucy 's bathroom with the urinal and fill it with water from she shower . Lucy grab Linda 's arm and whisper urgently in she ear . lucy listen , I know I have be say you ought party more , but keep you hand off this one , will yak ? he 's private property . I have be wait year for he to develop . linda he 's nice . lucy Nice ? he 's cute enough to melt lead ! Jimmy emerge from the bathroom with he daffodil neatly arrange in the stainless steel jug . jimmy where be you cousin Clark , by the way ? linda he 's off do a top secret uh , investigation . jimmy I know it ! he 's work on a hot scoop ! CUT to : ext . hospital . entrance . late afternoon bianca drive selena 's cadillac up to the emergency entrance and park in the ambulance zone . selena get out of the back seat in a dramatic opera cape of raw silk with opal trim . selena ( to bianca ) this will not take long . keep the motor run . int . hospital corridor . late afternoon selena stride down the hospital corridor almost as if she be float a inch above the floor . her huge silk cape billow around she , make she seem larger - than -life . nurse , orderly , patient scatter to get out of she way . her presence be so formidable and she move so fast and inexorably that no one have a chance to stop she and inquire what she 's do there . she know exactly where she 's go to . she turn a corner , and step inside a open door and close it behind she . int . ethan's room . day he be sit in bed , a ice bag on he head , draw a picture of supergirl on a piece of cardboard . he be in pajamas and robe . selena step beside the bed . he look up . ethan oh no , not you again . selena what a adorable hat . ethan they think I have a concussion . selena and you think you be in love . ethan I know it . selena this " love " of yours will soon wear off . I give you a temporary love potion . ethan why should I believe you ? selena it 's the truth . in twenty - four hour you will forget all about that girl . ethan . reach out and grab she cloak with a grip of such urgency that she be pull slightly off balance . ethan then I be not the only one who see she . you do too ! selena pull he hand away from she cloak . selena yes , yes I see the whole thing . how could you be interested in that puny little girl ? ethan but she be real , it be not just a concussion . selena forget she , you be mine . I see you first . selena sit on the side of the bed . she remove a vial of liquid from she bodice . I see you selena ( continue ) here . drink this . it 's a antidote to the love drug I give you . ethan sweep it on the floor , where it shatter . he start frantically ringing the buzzer pin to he bed . ethan nurse ! nurse ! selena you can not escape from I that easily . I be afraid you do not know who I be . ethan nurse ! selena do not think I be weak , just because I be a woman . I have power . give in , stop fight I , ethan . I always get what I want . ethan nurse ! help ! the door open and a nurse walk in . nurse would you stop scream . there be sick people try to sleep . ethan get she away from I . she 's crazy . nurse ( to selena ) be you family ? visit hour be over . selena they be over for you sweetheart . selena remove the gargoyle - shape box from she sleeve and open the lid . the omegahedron inside spin and send out a powerful force , which slide the nurse backwards out the door and pin she to the wall of the corridor outside . the door slam shut . selena close the lid of the coffer and turn to ethan . selena now you see who you be deal with . ethan scramble out of the bed and away from she , back toward the window . ethan leave I alone . selena , at the bed , discover he sketch of supergirl on the piece of cardboard . selena this be you problem , right here . this girl 's drive you insane , ethan . let I help you . ethan I do not want you help . selena come back to my house . my car 's outside . selena reach out a hand to ethan . ethan no ! selena I never meet a man I could not have -- and you be no different from the rest ! the door open behind she and two security officer push inside , with gun draw . security officer okay , what 's go on in h-- selena gesture with the gargoyle box at the man and they gun fly out of they hand and up to the ceiling . the man stare at the ce1ling , astonished . ethan take advantage of the distraction to dash out through the open door . selena turn to look at ethan escape and the gun fall to the floor and discharge . the security man run into ethan 's bathroom , slamm the door behind they . selena duck out into the corridor . int . hospital corridor ethan be run away down the corridor . frightened patient peek out of they room . the nurse who be eject from the room cringe in fear as selena emerge into the corridor . ethan dodge past two orderly who be push a heart -lung machine down from the surgery . selena raise the gargoyle box and point it at the heart -lung machine . selena power of shadow ---seize he . the heart-lung machine come to life --- its light flash , its array of tube tip with needle probe writhe like Medusa 's hair , its wheel turn around , and it chase ethan down the corridor . selena laugh she deep throaty chuckle of triumph . ethan look behind , see the machine chase he and cry out with alarm . a cart of surgical instrument roll out of a closet in front of he , its scalpel stand up and point at he , quivering eagerly , block he path . ethan dive through a swinging door to he leave . int . operating theatre a team of surgeon and nurse be bent over a patient on the table . ethan run through in the background . the surgeon continue with they work . the heart -lung machine wheel through after he , follow by the scalpel fly through the air like a swarm of hornet . the surgical team do not look up from they work . several cylinder of anesthetic gas tear themselves loose from the wall and trundle away out of the room after ethan and the other apparatus . one of the nurse finally look up . nurse Doctor , I think you ' be go to have a gas problem . doctor I should not have have the cabbage at lunch . int . x-ray room ethan burst into a empty surgical X - Ray room - -- the pursue apparatus visible a few yard behind . he slam the heavy lead - line door and bolt it shut . he hear the thud of the apparatus beat impotently against the door . he lean against the door panting , he cotton hospital gown and robe soak with cold sweat . suddenly , with a whir of motor , the giant multi-armed c.a.t. scanner behind he come to life , its light glow , and reach out its chrome steel arm toward he . ethan yell , run across the room , climb on a gurney , rip a metal grill off the wall , and dive into the air conditioning duct . int . duct ethan scramble noisily along inside the metal duct as if all the fiend of hell be after he . CUT to : int . lucy hospital room Lucy be show off the control of she bed . the door open . Lucy , Jimmy and Linda look with amazement at what 's outside in the corridor . lucy omigod . a delivery boy enter with a spectacular floral arrangement . delivery boy where you want this ? lucy over by the window . it must be from my sister . give he a tip , Jimmy . Jimmy be acutely aware how pathetic he daffodil look as he fumble in he pocket for a dollar for the delivery boy . suddenly overhead there be a loud bang and clatter from the air-condition duct . everyone look up at the ceiling with alarm . but Linda 's x-ray vision let she alone recognize ethan . jimmy gosh , what do you suppose . that be ? linda well , Lucy , it 's nice to see you be feel better . Nice to meet you , Jimmy . lucy you be not gonna stay for the ice cream ? linda I have to get back . I be have dinner with the danver . lucy again ? you be get real tight with they . you be gonna be a straight - a student --- just kid , thanks for come . her phone ring and she pick it up . lucy Phillip ! when be you gonna come see I ? int . hospital corridor Linda walk out of Lucy 's room and quickly down the corridor . Jimmy hurry to catch up with she . jimmy can I give you a lift ? linda oh , no thanks . jimmy it 's no trouble . I would like to ask you some more question . Linda 's heart sink as she realise she do not know how to get rid of he politely . CUT to : ext . roof of hospital sunset ethan batter the top off a ventilator and crawl out onto the roof . he turn and quickly replace the aluminum top , bashing it firmly close with he fist . he straighten up , sweat - soak , bedraggle , haggard and exhaust , look like a escape lunatic with he dishevel hair and he tear hospital robe . he heave a sigh of relief , and turn to see selena stand behind he , she silk cape billow in the breeze . selena give up ? ethan take a beat to make sure he 's not hallucinate , then he summon new reserve of strength and run over to the tall brick smokestack from the hospital 's incinerator . ethan never ! he start to climb up the steel ladder on the side of the chimney . selena what go up must come down . ext . hospital entrance . sunset Jimmy open the door of he car for Linda . it 's park in the ambulance zone , right behind selena 's cadillac . jimmy I probably would have get a ticket without this press pass on the windshield . do Clark get many ticket ? Linda pause , look up at the sky . linda ( distractedly ) I would not know . look . up in the sky . Jimmy follow the direction of she gaze . insert . there P. o . V. of the roof ethan cling to the iron ladder on the side of the chimney , he robe flutter in the wind . back to scene jimmy a escape wacko ! what a picture ! Jimmy open the trunk of he car , take out he camera bag , remove he Nikon , and start fumble around try to change he 50 mm lens for a telephoto . Linda watch ethan with a expression of grow concern on she face . ext . roof of hospital selena come down from there , you foo1 ... ext . ladder on . the side of the chimney although she be forty foot below he , ethan hear she voice as though it be inch away from he ear . selena ( continue ) ... before you get blow off and kill yourself . ethan be so surprised at hearing she voice so close that he look around with a start , miss he foot , and nearly fall off the ladder . ext . hospital entry . jimmy car Jimmy gasp with anguish , as he struggle to mount he telephoto lens , drop lens cap , film box , and filter all over the place . linda someone 's chase he . jimmy say --- you think that 's the same guy who be in the accident with Lucy ? linda yes . jimmy the scoop of the year ! he start shoot film . his motor drive whirr . ext . hospital roof selena it will be dark soon . and cold . come down while you have get the chance . ext . top of chimney ethan reach the top of the chimney . he climb over the lip of the brickwork and stand up , half hide in the thick white smoke belching from the chimney . ethan no . she will come for I . like she do the last time . my angel . he start to cough from the smoke and nearly lose he balance . ext . roof of hospital selena she 's not come for you . I kill she . she 's dead . ext . top of chimney ethan be staggered by this news . he react as though he have be punch in the gut . ethan no . I do not believe you . it 's not true . she 's alive somewhere . my angel . my love -- he fall off the chimney , and catch himself on the lip of the brickwork . he hang there by one hand . selena' voice you idiot ! ext . hospital entrance . jimmy car Jimmy run out of film . he frantically rip off the magazine and try to load a fresh one , while ethan dangle . jimmy there go my pulitzer Prize . Linda step around to the other side of he car . bianca be stare up at the chimney from the driver 's seat of the cadillac . she do not see Linda lift up a sewer grate with she toe and drop noiselessly and suddenly out of sight into the storm drain below . ext . alley behind hospital a red and blue streak burst upwards out of another storm drain . the iron cover flip off and land with a clang as supergirl fly skyward toward the roof . ext . top of chimney ethan 's grip fail and he fall . ext . chimney . sky supergirl appear , snatch ethan in mid-air , and fly off with he into the cloud above . ext . roof of hospital selena react with relief - -- then , realize who have save he , she face cloud with resentment . ext . hospital entry Jimmy Olsen 's magazine pop open and film unspool out of he camera as he motor drive whirr . jimmy darn ! he turn to bianca , who be look up in the sky from beside the cadillac . jimmy hey lady , do you see that ? bianca give he a glance of contempt . bianca see what ? jimmy the girl --- dress like superman - - catch that guy in mid-air . bianca really ? maybe you should check into the hospital and have you head examine . ext . high in the AIR above the hospital . sunset supergirl carry ethan beside she , she arm tight around he upper chest , he arm over she shoulder . they be above the cloud bath in the rich warm glow of sunset . he look at she ecstatically , he eye drunk with love . ethan you be alive ! she do not kill you ! supergirl who do not ? ethan that woman who 's after I . she hate you . because she know I love you . supergirl you love I ? ethan my angel . my goddess . I feel I have always love you all my life . I will die if I can not spend the rest of my life just look at you , hold you in my arm ... supergirl we have to have a long talk about all this . ethan I know just the place . hang a leave at the amalgamate Tower . ext . hospital entry . twilight selena come stride out 'of the hospital , scowling . Jimmy Olsen notice she , and sense she aura of power . he drop he useless Nikon into he camera bag and start rummage for another camera . bianca Home ? selena no way . I be not go to let that little hussy make a monkey out of I . bianca ( shrewdly ) be it she that 's bother you -- or you gardener ? selena look at bianca with wounded dignity . selena I use man , but I be not addict to they . I can quit whenever I want . she get in the back seat of the car , just as Jimmy Olsen snap a photo of she with a Polaroid . selena slam the car door and bianca drive off . Jimmy examine the instant photo he just take . his eye widen with wonder and the hair prickle on the back of he neck as he see the image . insert : the polaroid in jimmy hand . the picture of selena entering her car , but behind her there be a hideous looming shadow ---much larger than when nigel showed it to her . CUT to : ext . amusement park . night the park be desert , in darkness . one by one the light come on , outline a1l the structure in jewel- like , fairyland colour . it look strangely familiar . on some deep level there be a resemblance to argo City . the camera pan over to reveal ethan stand beside the huge fairground switch box , turn on the light . supergirl stand beside he . ethan this be my favourite place in the city . supergirl be you sure it 's all right for we to be here ? ethan they do not care , they be tear it down for a shopping centre . he flip the last switch , which start the ferris wheel revolve slowly , like a great spiral galaxy in space . Soft music play . ethan like it ? supergirl yes . it remind I of home . ethan where superman 's from ? krypton ? supergirl no. argo City . it be on a chunk of rock that be part of krypton once --- but we move it to inner space . ethan I be sorry , I do not understand . supergirl it 's not important . the important thing be I be here to find something and I think you can he1p I . ethan come on , let 's ride . they walk to the slowly revolve ferris wheel and hop aboard one of the gondola car . ethan I use to work here summer when I be a kid . supergirl ethan , tell I more about this woman who 's after you . ethan let 's talk about we , not she . supergirl tell I where I can find she . ethan I do not want you to go near she . she 's bad news . ethan put he arm around she shoulder , casually , no big deal . supergirl but be reasonable . if I do not do something to stop she she will try again . and maybe hurt you . ethan I will be safe with you . we can stay together the rest of we life . supergirl we can not do that . ethan why not ? supergirl we be from different world . ethan just give I a chance to show how much I love you . Love change everything . Love make everything possib1e . ext . entrance to amusement park . night selena get out of she cadillac and walk to the chain and lock gate . a big sign say keep out . condemmed property . future site of funfair mall shopping plaza . she mutter something under she breath and the chain fall away , the lock click open , and the gate glide noiselessly ajar . se1ena stride in imperiously . ext . top of ferris wheel supergirl all this talk about love , it 's silly . ethan you do not like I ? you hate I ? there be such a look of tragedy on ethan 's face , that supergirl be afraid he might instantly fling himself to he death if she say yes . supergirl of course I do not hate you . I do not hate anyone . ethan what do you feel about I ? supergirl I ... I do not know . this be all so sudden . the camera rack focus for a moment to discover : selena , lurking . be1 ow they in the shadow of the spine snapper ride . ethan there 's one sure way to find out how you feel . supergirl what 's that ? ethan let I kiss you . supergirl no . ethan you be not afraid be you ? supergirl of course not , but ... there be thing we do not understand . ethan if we wait until we understand everything we will be dead . come on . you can learn more from one kiss than from year in school . supergirl well ... I guess one be all right . she close she eye , part she lip , and lean forward . supergirl be this how ? ethan terrific . they lip meet . Zowie . selena what a touch scene ! her voice be like have a bucket of ice water dash over you . ethan and supergirl pull apart . the ferris wheel have carry they all the way around and back down again . selena be stand beside they . supergirl stand up and step boldly out of the gondola to confront she . supergirl who be you ? selena I be selena . give he to I . now . or you will both be sorry . supergirl I do not scare that easily . selena rummages down deep in she handbag and pull out the gargoyle box . selena all right , miss know -it -all . if I can not have he , nobody can . she hold the gargoyle box out toward the ferris wheel . selena coffer of shadow , show you power ! insert c.u. of the bolt holding ethan's gondola to the ferris wheel : the bolt unscrew and fall out . back to scene ethan yell as he gondola fall off the ferris wheel and down onto the tent , which cover the dodgem car . int . dodgem car tent he fall through the tent and onto the electrify floor below . the wooden gondola shatter on impact . ethan sit up , daze by the fall , and see a dodgem car paint like the face of a vicious football player head toward he . ethan scramble away on he hand and knee . another hideously paint car attack he , and another , and another . he dodge and scuttle around desperately . finally he manage to climb aboard one of the car . ext . amusement park supergirl reach out to seize selena . but selena hold up the gargoyle box and be surround by a impenetrable , glow shield of force . supergirl try to push through , the shield in vain . supergirl fly to the little fence make out of steel spike surround the haunted House . at super speed she rip up the entire line of fence post and hurl they like javelin at selena . selena dissolves she force field and try to run away , ducking and dodging the rain of javelin . she turn too quickly and the gargoyle BOX slip out of she hand and roll underneath the deck of the carousel . selena moan with despair , and pause , reluctant to leave without the box . this be the opportunity supergirl need . the fence post bury themselves in the ground in a perfect circle around selena --- effectively imprison she . supergirl that ought to keep you out of my hair for a while . selena a cheap trick . supergirl cheap but effective . int . dodgem car tent ethan be hold on to he car desperately as all the other car viciously ram into it . suddenly he car be lift up , carry through a hole in the tent roof , and off into the night sky . ethan supergirl ' ? he look under the car . there she be , carry he to safety . she smile reassuringly . ext . amusement park selena be trap inside the ring of post , fumble in she bag . one by one she take out dry herb , feather , dust , and fling they at the bar while she shout magic word . nothing work . selena yookoohoo ! no , that 's not it . sis-o-reb ! nope . ka-ma-hoochie ! bianca appear out of the shadow . selena look up , embarrassed . bianca sure glad you do not let make a monkey of you . selena shut up , and get I a hacksaw . bianca pause uncertainly . bianca why do not you use the coffer of shadow ? selena ( evasively ) I do not feel like it right now . bianca she do not take it from you , do she ? selena that little girl ? ha. now go on , get I some tool . bianca there 's no need . I learn the craft from my grandmother . bianca take out a bundle of twig from she pocket and stroke the bar of the fence with it . bianca sycoraka f'kah s'koo ... the bar fall down like boil spaghetti . selena step out of the circle of confinement with queenly dignity . selena good . now bring the car . we must call a meeting of the seven . bianca bow . bianca yes , mistress . bianca hurry off toward the parking lot . selena watch she until she turn the corner of the haunted House . then selena kneel down and carefully reach under the deck of the carousel for the gargoyle BOX . selena there you be . come to mama . she take out the box , s1ip it inside she cloak , and stand up . she cast a last glance around the scene of she defeat , and stride off after bianca . CUT to : ext . tropical beach . day supergirl land ethan in he batter dodgem car on a beautiful , desert tropical beach . Palm tree wave over a white sand beach . the blue ca1m of a lagoon mirror huge white cloud that hang motipn1ess on the horizon like colossal snowy mountain . gaily - coloured parrot screech in the branch of bloom hibiscus and jacaranda . ethan get out of he carnival ride and gaze around w1th awe at the beautiful scene . supergirl I think I would show you one of my favourite place . ethan it 's paradise . we could be very happy here . supergirl but I have to go back . I bring you here so you would be safe . from she . ethan you can not just abandon I . alone . his word strike a sensitive nerve in she . she relent . supergirl I will stay for a while . ethan be fill with enthusiasm . ethan great ! I 'ii build a house -- right over there , with a veranda look out to sea . and I will plant a garden ! papayas , pineapple , bananas , mango - -- anything will grow here . and I 'ii fish in the lagoon , and we can go sailing in a dugout canoe , and --- supergirl ethan --- when I say 'a while ' I mean a couple of hour . ethan 's face fall . he look at she beseechingly . supergirl well , maybe a little longer than that . she smile and take he hand . together they walk along the beach . CUT to : ext . selena' mansion . night roll royce , limo , and maserattis park in the driveway . it look like a meeting of the ostentatious car club . a helicopter land on the front lawn . the elderly man from the garden party get out and walk across the lawn toward the house with the aid of a cane . behind he the helicopter take off again . selena open she front door and confront he angrily . selena you be late . eld erl y man the President be give a speech . I could not just walk out . selena you be more afraid of the President than I ??? elderly man no , of course not . int . selena' live room . candlelit . night wait for she be a extraordinary group of people , all of whom we meet or glimpse briefly at the garden party . bianca be talk to erica , a red-haire female dwarf . a proud , barefoot american indian woman in fringe doeskin be talk to a muscular , young black man in a cashmere suit with lot of gold and diamond jewelry . nigel be sulk in the bar , he face cover with tannisroot ointment . selena enter with the elderly man in the banker pinstripe . they all form a circle in the centre of the room . selena let we begin . I invoke the rule of seven . other in unison the Circle be complete . nigel you better have a pretty good explanation for this , selena . selena we be in great danger . a be have come to Earth with power far beyond that of anyone member of the craft . indian woman but superman have be away . selena it be not superman I speak of , but he cousin kara . she know we exist .. elderly man then she must be destroy . nigel how do she find out about we ? elderly man that be unimportant . now that she know , she will become curious and learn more . when she learn we plan to restore the ancient religion of this planet and avenge the century of persecution --- she will try to stop we . bianca we must destroy she first . erica but how can we destroy she ? selena by the rite of ultimate power . one person must volunteer to take on the combine power of we all . Nigel stand up and point a accuse finger at selena . nigel you ! you want to take we power for yourself ! selena react calmly , speak in low , modulate tone , as if to a overstimulated child . selena nige1 , you know the one who take on ultimate power must sacrifice the last spark of she own spirit . selena take hold of a golden chain hang around she neck and draw out a little glass vial attach to it . Inside the glass vial a tiny spark glow brightly . selena ( continue ) which of you be willing to make that sacrifice ? nigel you would ! you reveal we existence so you could have all of we power . selena maybe you would like to get rid of this supergirl yourself , Nigel ? nigel why get rid of she at al1 ? you have use the coffer of shadow too much . it be beginning to rule you heart . selena nonsense . Nigel pull aside the heavy veil cover she mirror . for a instant selena sees her reflection in the mirror . behind her loom the dark , evil presence , invisible to the other in the room , and much larger than when she glimpsed it at her garden party . then bianca leap to the mirror and pull the veil back across it . bianca stand challenging Nigel , dare he to try again . selena look at the gargoyle - shape coffer of shadow , sit beside she hearth . it too seem much larger than when we last see it at the hospital . selena wonder for a beat if maybe Nigel be right . can the shadow be ruling she ? bianca enough quibbling . let we vote . they all draw they sacred white - handle knife out of concealment in they clothing . Nigel defiantly place he on the floor with its blade point inward . then one by one , the other put down they knife with the blade point outward . they all look at Nigel . his shoulder sag with dejection . selena I invoke the rule of seven . do you agree ? Nigel speak with the voice of someone pronounce he own death sentence . nigel I have no choice . his knife turn by itself on the floor until its blade point outward . everyone join hand in the circle . a fire spring to life on the hearth . someone start to chant in a strange ancient tongue . slowly the heavy , opulent live room begin to change : the carpet become the floor of a ancient stone temple with dark brown stain splatter across its massive granite block , the wall start to melt away . outside the window the dark night be replace by hot , brutal sunlight pound down on a endless desert stretch away to the horizon . the house completely dissolves and be replace by monumental stone ruin . the smoky fire crackle and send its dark plume boil skyward . the only thing remain of selena 's house be the hearth and the coffer of shadow . selena stand up and walk out of the centre of the circle toward the coffer . she open the lid . she pull the glass vial off the golden chain around she neck and drop it into the coffer . CUT to : ext . tropical beach . day ethan wander along the beach with supergirl , hold hand . she stop to pick up a seashell . ethan clutches he head as if he have a sudden violent headache , moan , and collapse on the sand . supergirl kneel beside he . supergirl ethan , what be wrong ? ethan open he eye and look at she . he speak in a voice of bleak despair . ethan she say it would not last . supergirl what would not last ? what 's the matter with you ? ethan sit up , wince like someone with a bad hangover . ethan I do not love you any more . supergirl just like that ? ethan like turn off a light . he struggle to he foot and stand there unsteadily . ethan I feel awful . all that romantic garbage . all that mushy talk . he lurch off into the undergrowth , toward the interior of the island . she plunge into the vegetation keep pace with he . supergirl where be you go ? ethan away . from you . supergirl but why ? ethan because you remind I of all the dumb thing I say . supergirl I sort of like what you say . ethan that make it worse . supergirl but I do not understand . he stop and stare at she for a moment . ethan of course you do not . we be from two different world , remember ? he stalk off into the jungle , leave she behind , hurt and bewilder . CUT to : int . selena' live room / pagan temple . night a barbaric ritual . selena 's companion sway and gyrate to the sound of gong and drum . the floor be cover with a red mist . in the middle of a column of fire a figure like selena seem to float . the ritual reach its climax and everything pause for a moment of sti11ness . selena step forth from the column of fire . she be clothed in a shimmer garment --- white with flash highlight of rainbow iridescence . the six other member of she group fall to they knee in awe . selena seem to glow with a inner radiance . she laugh , and the pagan temple around she change back to the live room of she house in midvale . in she shine gossamer gown and she new aura of majesty , she seem too large , too powerful to be contain in the familiar surroundings of she house . selena at last . ultimate power . bianca and the first thing we do be get rid of supergirl ! selena what do you mean we ? she turn on the kneel six . they cringe from she . selena raise she hand and the kneel six cry out in fear . CUT to : ext . beside a stream . tropical paradise . day ethan be sit beside a stream on a gravelly bank idly toss pebble into the water . supergirl step out of the jungle and watch for a moment . then she come and sit down beside he . ethan hi . supergirl hello . be you still mad at I ? ethan I be not mad at you . supergirl it seem that way to I . ethan I know I be act funny --- I be sorry . it 's just ... I miss it . supergirl miss what ? ethan what I have before . what 's not there now . it 's like I wake up and find part of I be not there any more : something that make I feel really alive and aware of thing . it be like , for the first time in my life , everything fitte together perfectly --- you and I and the world around we -- like we be a wonderful song ... he fall silent , and toss a few pebble into the stream . supergirl and now ? ethan and now ... the guitar be out of tune , and the word do not make sense , and somebody unplugge the mike ... supergirl well ... I don it know much about this thing , but maybe if you have that feel once ... it can , come back . he turn to she hopefully . ethan you think so ? supergirl I do not see why not . ethan but what if --- it be not real ? supergirl feeling be real . once you have have they , they be yours forever . ethan 's face light up . the future begin to exist for he again . ethan hey , listen , when all this blow over , maybe we could get together every now and then and see each other . and maybe something might . happen again . what do you think ? supergirl be you ask I for a " date " ? ethan why not ? you be a good-look girl . and I be - -- available . supergirl be not you forget about selena ? ethan she will forget about we eventually . CUT to : int . selena' live room in the polished surface of she mirror , selena make a scene appear : ethan and supergirl on the tropical island . supergirl ( image ) there 's something very dangerous about she . something evil ... ethan ( image ) I know what it be . she have this lead container shape like a gargoyle . Inside there 's a silvery ring ... CUT to : ext . tropial island supergirl become very excited . supergirl that 's the power source that be lose from argo City ! that 's what I come : to find ! where do she live ? ethan in this big old house on orchard Avenue - -- but you better stay away from there . supergirl I can see through wall . I could surprise she . the only thing I can not see through be lead , that 's why I do not see the power source at the amusement park . she stand up . ethan wait . do not leave I . supergirl you will be safe here . I will come back as soon as I have the power source . he stand up and take she hand . ethan before you go ... supergirl what ? ethan just one kiss . for old time ' sake . supergirl and you can see how you feel about I , right ? ethan yes . she close she eye and part she lip . slowly they lip come together and touch . then a sudden rush of sheer desire flow through they and the simple experimental kiss become a ecstatic prelude to the height of lovemake . but before either one of they can go one step further , ethan disappear with a flash of blinding white light . a cloud darken the sun , and the tree be lash into a frenzy by gale - force wind . selena 's laughter can be hear from somewhere far away . supergirl ethan ! supergirl fly into the air . ext . tropical island . sunset . sky above island . day supergirl fly around the island very fast at high speed , search for ethan and selena . she hover like a eagle for a moment , then speed straight upwards . ext . above the ocean . day supergirl fly back to North America , faster than she have ever fly before . ext . above midvale . day supergirl zero in on selena 's house like a exocet . ext . selena' front lawn supergirl land and walk cautiously up to the front door , ready for anything but what she find : the front door be ajar . she push it open with a creak of its massive hinge . she walk slowly inside . int . selena' mansion . front hall / live room supergirl look around . the house seem desert and drastically neglect . cobweb hang over everything . the dust have the thickness of a hundred year . moth have eat away all the splendid tapestry . rat cavort along the baseboard . bat sleep in the chandelier . in the live room supergirl find bianca crouch in a corner , gibber mindlessly . bianca too have change : she be dress in rag , and she wild stare eye be rimmed with dark circle . when she see supergirl she cry with fright . supergirl hey take it easy . I will not hurt you . bianca I think .it be she , come back . spare I . but I think . . . maybe change she mind . Nigel warn we . would not listen to he . supergirl what be you talk about ? where 's selena ? bianca no . do not want to know . she 's bad . do not go near she . hurt you . supergirl I have to find she . tell I . supergirl look into bianca 's eye with she calm , heroic gaze , and bianca come somewhat to she sense . bianca point to the adjoin bar . supergirl walk over warily and see five golden cage suspend among the bottle . Nigel and the four remain member of the Circle be imprison in they , shrunken but alive . nige1 be in a perpetually turn squirrel wheel . he see she and call out . nigel supergirl ! she 's wait for you . on taliesen Mountain . stop she before it 's too late ! supergirl get a look of determination on she face . she turn and fly out through the french door and head straight up into the air . int . selena' new house ( a mountain - top palace ) ethan be in a dark , shadowy place , bound to a stake with stout cord . stick of wood be pile all around he foot . selena stand beside he in she shine gown of power . she look even more gorgeous and cruel than before . she offer he a glass of water to drink , but he turn he head away violently . ethan I be wise to you trick , lady . selena I could force you . ethan if that work , you would have do it already . no , you want I to drink it of my own free will . well let I tell you , sweetheart , it will be a cold day in hell before I fall for that one again . selena go on , talk big ! I will soon have you purring like a kitten . she put the glass of water in a , basket at the end of a iron chain hang down from above . there be a straw in the glass at such a angle that ethan can just reach it with he lip if he stretch as far as possible . selena you have be without water for a whole day . let 's see how thirsty you get in a week . ethan you vicious -- selena careful , do not make I angry . I start fire when I be angry . she glance meaningfully at the faggot pile around he foot and walk away . the camera follows her revealing that she have be talk to ethan inside the mammoth fireplace of she live room . her new house be enormous . where before she live in a mansion , now she dwell in a palace . the fireplace be seven foot high , the live room floor be wide as a football field , and . the french window into the garden now tower like the window in the North transept of chartres Cathedral . selena disappear out the impose portal which lead to the wet bar and butler 's pantry -- each now the size of a basketball court . back in the fireplace , ethan crane he neck to make sure she have go , then reach out toward the glass hang nearby . he poke the straw with he forehead . the glass swing slightly . the glass swing close enough for he to bump it with he forehead and set up a rhythm . he gauge the swing of the glass and , at the precise moment , grab for it with he mouth . he catch hold of the rim of the glass with he tooth and hold it there for a moment as he summon he courage to do what must be do . he bite hard on the rim of the glass with he tooth . the glass shatter and fall to the floor with a crash , leave ethan with a small fragment of the rim in he mouth and a trickle of blood down he chin . he lean he head over until it be directly above he leave hand tie to the stake two and a half foot below he shoulder . a droplet of blood fall into he hand . he drop the glass fragment down to he hand and catch it . he grin , and sigh with relief . then spit to clear he mouth . slowly he saw . at the rope that hold he with the sliver of glass in he leave hand . one by one the strand part . ethan strain against he bond and the weaken rope snap . he quickly disentangle himself from the coil and step out of the fireplace . he look around the mammoth room . the coast be clear . he spit a few bit of glass out of he mouth , and dash out of the door to the garden . ext . selena' house . garden . conservatory ethan see a green plastic garden hose , which the gardener have leave run in a trickle to irrigate the hydrangeas . ethan remember that he be very thirsty . he pick up the hose , rinse out he mouth hurriedly , and then take long , desperate gulp of the water . behind he he hear selena 's laughter . he drop the hose as if stung by a electric eel and turn to see she emerge from behind a large strangler fig . insert ethan's p.o.v. the same effect as when he drank the love potion the first time . the plant of the conservatory swirl and distort in garish nightmare colour . at the centre of he vision be a area of crystal clarity surround selena . she approach he seductively , fully confident of she power . as she come nearer , the clear area expands and drive out the visual chaos . selena speak , and she voice be a close - mike throaty purr . selena I tell you I would win . back to scene ethan be hold by the spell of she magic . and yet there be part of he that still resist . you can see he try to turn he head away from the vision of ideal beauty before he , and then give in as she come closer and I touch he with she hand . a zap of energy pass between they at she touch . selena kiss I . he embrace she roughly and crush she lip with a kiss . he be fill with a tigerish lust that thrill she deeply . she rake she long red fingernails across he back and moan with pleasure . ext . above the mountain . day supergirl fly over the Rockies toward selena 's house . dissolve to : ext . taliesen mountain . selena' new house . day supergirl fly over selena 's new house . for the first time we can see the enormousness of it : a grotesque , tower monstrosity , that seem to brood threateningly over the landscape . ext . garden behind selena' new house . day supergirl land and walk toward the tower french door of the live room . but something distract she . she turn and enter the gigantic conservatory to she right . int . conservatory supergirl look around and see in the middle of the conservatory a reflect pool surround by exotic plant . she walk closer and look down into the reflect pool . in the bottom of the shallow pool she see ethan securely bound . his eye stare wildly . Dead or drown . supergirl ethan ! she leap into the shallow pool , and sink over she head . a polygonal section of the surface of the reflect pool detach itself from the water and rise up perpendicularly . it be a door to the phantom Zone . supergirl be trap behind a impenetrable force field , look out in despair . ethan be not there with she . his image have disappear . the real flesh and blood ethan appear with selena from behind the strangler fig . they look in at supergirl trap behind the shimmer polygon that la ad to the phantom Zone . selena laugh at she , but ethan stare as if at a long forget acquaintance whose name he be try to recall . selena notice ethan 's wander attention and she put she arm possessively around he . selena enjoy you prison , supergirl . it 's forever . supergirl call out to ethan , she hand and face press against the transparent wall of she prison , but no sound can escape the impenetrable force field . int . phantom zone door supergirl be see in reverse , beat on the hard crystalline surface of the prison . supergirl ethan ! do not let she do this ! Beyond the threshold of the zone , selena in she conservatory kiss ethan with fierce lust . he return she , emotion , forget all about supergirl . supergirl no. no . it be not true . the image of selena and ethan begin to recede , get smaller and smaller , until it vanish entirely in infinite blackness . ext . space the flat two - dimensional polygon that be supergirl 's prison whirl away through space . behind the transparent surface we can see supergirl 's face stain with tear . ext . phantom zone another kind of reality . unlike anything we have ever see . the crystal prison land on the ground of the phantom Zone and shatter . supergirl pick herself up from among the fragment of she prison and look around . the landscape be utterly strange and alien , with a feel of stark , oppressive sterility . as far as the eye can see there be no sign of life . supergirl stand up and raise she arm to fly . she hop into the air about eight inch and land flat - footedly on the sand . with a shock she realise she can't fly . she hop a few more time , with no more success . she pick up a small rock from the ground . she try to crush it in she hand . she can not . angrily she hurl it from she as far as she can . instead of disappear into infinity it drop at she foot a few yard away . she scoops up some sand from the ground and hold it cup in she hand . she take a deep breath and try to blow it away . she be barely able to disturb a few grain . she drop the sand and sit down on a rock , forlorn and deject . suddenly she hear alura 's voice , very faint and come from a long distance away . alura' voice kara , where be you ? kara mother ? I can hardly hear you . alura . S voice kara ! you be alive . we be so worried . you disappear from the scanner ... kara I be lose , mother . in some awful place . I can not fly anymore . and I be weak . alura' voice kara , you must not give up . we must retrieve the power source . the City be die . kara then send someone else . I fail . alura' voice we can not . the ' dimension barrier be stronger . we no longer have the power to push through . kara but mother , I be lose . alura ' S voice you must try . . . it 's cold . and dark . . . the rest of she sentence fade out , and be lose . kara mother --- I try . I really try . kara put she face in she hand and start to sob hopelessly . CUT to : ext . UNITED nation , new york . day establish shot . int . general assembly the delegate from uritania be go on ( in esperanto ) denounce the latest outrage against he peace- loving country . a few bored delegete of various nationality be sprawle in they seat listen to the simultaneous translation over earphone . the dign1fy president of the General Assembly be sit on the dais behind the ranting delegate . with a flash of light and a chok cloud of sulfur fume , selena appear beside the podium . she be in she shimmer white robe . the doze delegate wake up with amazement . the uritanian delegate stare at she with he mouth open as she slide he away from the microphone . int . translator " S booth . general assembly Inside the translator 's booth , the entire panorama of the enormous hall be visible through the glass window . the eight translator stop translate and stare at the scene below . back to general assembly selena be about to speak in the microphone , when two security gquard attempt to step onto the podium . selena reach out toward they . a field of force from she hand stop they in they track , knock they backwards off the step to land on they butt . the delegate gasp at this act of magical violence . selena Nations of the world ! I bring you tiding of a new age ! the President of the General Assembly start to shout at she and bang on the podium with he gavel . selena look over she shoulder with mild annoyance . instantly the President 's gavel turn into a live eel . the President drop it with horror . selena continue she speech . selena I bring you a return to the ancient true worship of nature , we sovereign Queen and mother . and I bring you myself as she representative here on Earth . the uritanian suddenly recover he wit and try to place a hand on selena 's shoulder . a whirlwind hurl he off the podium into the desk of the front row delegate . the delegate babble in consternation but keep to they seat . selena raise she voice to be hear over the uproar . selena from this moment forth , all science , religion and other unnatural belief be forbidden . and in they place I will teach the one true Way of we ancient grandmother . the President of the General Assembly have recover enough from the surprise of the eel to interrupt selena . president you be talk about the end of civilisation as we know it . selena and it 's about time too . president I do not know who you be , or what evil force you represent , but it will take more than a few threat from you to make mankind turn back the clock and abandon thousand of year of progress . selena have listen with a mock smile as he speak . he finish to a smatter of applause from some of the delegate . selena threat ? I do not need threat to destroy civilisation . I have something better . she snap she finger in the air . immediately a rain of money begins to fall all over the general assembly . paper money and coin of all nation . selena look at she work with pleasure . then she disappear in a flash of light . the delegate blink with astonishment . the only trace of she presence be the tang of sulfur in the air --- and the money . one delegate forget he dignity and start scoop up money from he desk and stuff it into he pocket . suddenly all the delegate be do the same thing . the only exception be the delegate from the United Kingdom who think it might be beneath he dignity , and look about with mild disapproval . CUT to : ext . the phantom zone supergirl walk across the roll monotony of the phantom Zone . we have never see she like this before : sweat , she hair unkempt , streak of dirt and grit on she face , exhaust and full of despair . she stumble at the crest of a low ridge and fall down to the bottom of the slope , bang she head on a rock . she sit there , a big rip in she , uniform , rub she bruise forehead . it be hard to imagine she any worse off . she hear a sound , vaguely familiar . she look around for its source . she follow the sound , crawl slowly along the base of the ridge . the sound get louder and as she , approach . it be a sound of celestial , spiritual beauty : the music of the sphere . suddenly she come out into a tiny valley in the phantom Zone and see before she the most beautiful sight she could imagine . the harsh monochromatic sterility of the phantom Zone give way to a riot of bright colour . a dome-like building protrude from the ground . all around it be gorgeous sing sculpture in the style of argo City . a sculptor . in the clothing of argo City be modeling a glassy statue with a matterwand . he turn and catch sight of supergirl . it be Zaltar . supergirl Zaltar . Zaltar drop he wand and come run over to supergirl . he kneel beside she on the sandy ground . zaltar kara ? be it you ? supergirl nod . she be obviously exhaust . Zaltar take the bulb full of liquid off he belt and offer she a drink . she drink thirstily of the refresh green liquid , and feel strength return to she body . supergirl what be this place ? zaltar this be the phantom Zone . but why do you come here from argo City ? supergirl I be on Earth ... zaltar Earth ? you cross the dimension barrier ? by yourself ? supergirl yes . I go there to find the lose power source ... zaltar shouldnt have do that . supergirl ... but the person who have it . trick I , and send I to the phantom Zone . zaltar it 's dangerous to use a power source on Earth . it can unleash all sort of terrible force --- supergirl I know . zaltar well , nothing we can do about it . come into my house . you can stay with I , until I build you you own place . I expect you will not want to mix with the other -- not we type of people . he help she to she foot and over to he house , a sort of argonian gothic cathedral half - bury in the sand . the curve of the arch and the material be strongly reminiscent of Zaltar 's work on argo City . supergirl other ? zaltar criminal . Zaltar gesture vaguely to the horizon on he right . zaltar a few hundred parasang that way . I avoid they . and you should too . Zaltar lead supergirl past the sing sculpture . she smile as she pass they , and remember he " tree " in argo City . supergirl ... mid pleasure and palace though I may roam ... " zaltar what ? Palace ? hardly . supergirl just feel , a little , like a tiny bit of argo City ... zaltar yes . can not seem to get away from that style . must try something new . int . Zaltar' house he help she down a long spiraling staircase to the floor of a high dome room . in the centre of the room be a huge round table cluttere with tool , model and unfinish project . supergirl it 's lovely . . . zaltar no , no . not lovely . ' perfect ' . do everything just right . nobody tell you to change this , move that around . please yourself . that 's the secret of happiness . supergirl be you happy , Zaltar ? zaltar what kind of a question be that ? of course : I be . I do whatever I want . all the time . supergirl but what about other people ? do not you miss they ? they have reach the ground floor . Zaltar pluck one of the liquid fill bulb from the stem of a large plant grow in a niche in the wall . he squirt some of the green liquid in he mouth with great satisfaction . zaltar I look at they all the time . every planet in the galaxy . it 's quite boring . here , rub some of this onto that bruise . he carefully apply some of the green liquid to the wound on she scalp . supergirl you look at they ? how ? zaltar the phantom Zone overlook everywhere .. if you have the right tool . Zaltar sweep the clutter off the table and onto the floor . he pass he hand over the table and instantly the table turn into a window into another world , show a image of a herdboy riding on the back of a water buffalo in a rice paddy . zaltar there you see ? what could be more boring than that ? he wave he hand , and the image disappear . supergirl wait . could ... could I see the place I just come from ? Zaltar sigh with great martyrdom , and start to fiddle with he control . zaltar it will only make you sad . he show she the proper hand gesture to control the image . zaltar this go closer . this move it around . and this begin . he gesture with he hand and the window open again . supergirl zoom the image in as fast as she can , tremble with desperate urgency . the image on the table dissolves from high above a CITY down to : ext . wall STREET . day the financial district . Bank clerk be shoveling money out the window of several large , impose bank . passersby ignore the bonanza , and trudge dejectedly on . int . stock exchange . day Chaos and pandemonium on the floor . not the everyday chaos and pandemonium you always see . broker be try to strangle one another . fist fight . bloody nose . the crunch of break knuckle . ext . supermarket . day people be wait in line with wheelbarrows full of money . the store manager shake he head and send they away . the only people he let in the store be a man with a live turkey under he arm , a little old lady carry a rembrandt in a nice gold frame , a woman who give he she fur coat and a man with a antique clock . ext . high above selena' new house . taliesen mountain . day the camera zoom down and dissolves through the roof to : int . ante room in selena' new house a mob of dignitary and petitioner be wait anxiously outside the large impose door to selena 's reception room . Generals in uniform , diplomat wear they medal pin , on they formal suit , banker in pin stripe , and the robe ecclesiastics and holy man of various faith . a secretary open the door to the reception room , and the dignitary all surge forward . secretary no more audience today . go home . all of you . through the open door selena can be glimpse sit .on she throne - like chair , with ethan kneel at she foot , rest he head in she lap like a pet animal . dissolve to : int . selena' sitting room the secretary close the door leave ethan and selena alone . she stroke he head . outside crowd can be hear chant she name : " selena ! selena ! " selena they want I . do not it make you proud ? ethan yeah . selena get up and walk over to the door lead out to she balcony . selena come ? ethan follow she sullenly . ext . balcony they walk out onto the balcony . the crowd scream she name . she wave smile . ethan stand a step behind she with a moody expression on he face . selena smile , lunk -head . you be not a gardener any more , you be Prince ethan now . ethan lift he hand and wave half - heartedly . ext . ground of selena' new house . beneath the balcony the crowd be enormous , hold back behind police barricade . Guards in the special livery of selena 's service hold back the surging tide of humanity : people . praying , chant , walk on they knee , cripple on crutch , the ail on stretcher carry by relative . and in front a discipline youth group in a distinctive costume perform chant and fanatic cheer . huge banner display selena 's portrait . image of she be everywhere . int . Zaltar' house . phantom zone supergirl reel with shock at the scene supergirl that horrible woman ! zaltar told you . would not listen to I . knew it would make you sad . he start to gesture the image away , but she put she hand on he arm , stop he . supergirl no . I have to see this . Zaltar shrug . dissolve to : ext . hamburger heaven . midvale . day the roadside complex where Lucy 's traffic accident occur . the hamburger place be board up . the area be almost desert and no car pass on the street . all of the huge advertising billboard along the way be now cover with picture of selena . the only write be in mystic symbol . a lone figure walk furtively along the street . it be lucy lane , she face disguise with dark glass . she go to the rear of the abandon hamburger place and knock four time . the door open quickly and she duck inside . int . hamburger heaven . day the restaurant have be convert into a clandestine print shop . a few serious teenager be work the press and turn out seditious handbills . freshly print page be hang on clothes - line so the ink can dry . " the truth about selena " be the headline over jimmy photo of she get into the cadillac with she huge shadow loom behind . Lucy cross to Jimmy Olsen , who be tie up bundle of handbills . lucy I have to dump the papers in a trashcan . the danver have be arrest ! jimmy how do you know ? lucy I see they drag out of the administration Building . jimmy do anybody notice you ? lucy I can not help it if man notice I . jimmy Lucy ! be serious . we could be execute for treason ! she kiss he on the nose . lucy just kid . nobody see I . Jimmy give she another bundle of handbills . helmete guard in the livery of selena 's service kick down the door . and rush in , weapon draw . they smash up the print shop and arrest everybody . Jimmy and Lucy be handcuff and drag away . int . prison the danver and all the teenager from the print shop be crowded into tier of bar cell set into the wall of a dark , enormous cavern . Jimmy and Lucy huddle together for warmth in one of the tiny cell . jimmy I sure wish superman be around . he would not let any of this go on . not for one minute . lucy I wish they would tell we what they be go to do with we . jimmy I hear storey . I do not think you wanna know . there be the clank of a iron door , and ethan enter the prison with several of the guard in selena 's livery . he walk past the cell , glance now and then with compassion at the poor wretch inside . Lucy call out as he pass . lucy hey ! ethan ! ethan hmmm ? lucy remember I ? we be in a disaster together . ethan . oh yeah , the girl in the hospital , on the other stretcher . lucy right ! say , do you swing any weight around here ? ethan a little . lucy can you get we out ? it 's all a misunderstanding . we think they be sell hamburger in that place . ethan I will mention it upstairs . he turn to go , but Jimmy reach out and grab he sleeve . jimmy the blonde girl who save you life --- where be she now ? ethan pause . buried memory rise to the surface of he mind , bring pain . ethan she 's go . no one will ever see she again . CUT to : int . Zaltar' house in the zone supergirl wave she hand over the table angrily , decisively . the window of the Zone close , and the image of ethan disappear . she cross to Zaltar , who be recline on a couch in a adjoin room , get drunk on the green liquid from the plant bladder . supergirl Zaltar , please help I . zaltar of course , my dear . what can I do ? supergirl help I to get back to Earth . where my friend be . they need I . Zaltar look pain , and take several deep drink of green plant sap before he answer . zaltar there 's no way out of the Zone . no one 's ever escape . that 's why they send the criminal here . supergirl if there 's a way in , there must be a way out . zaltar no , that 's not true - -- there 's well ... no -- he suddenly have a idea , vaguely form at the back of he drink - sodden brain . he toy with it , while supergirl lean forward eagerly , wait . he change he mind several time about whether it 's possible or not , each time change he facial expression . supergirl have the feel she 's watch a debate conduct by squint and grimace . zaltar there be a way . supergirl I know it ! zaltar but it 's impossible . supergirl why ? zaltar no , it would not work , you could not , it 's too - -- if it do not work you would be sweep into a singularity - -- no , you would never make it . forget I mention it . supergirl 's heart sink . she rock back , clutching she knee , try not to show she sadness . zaltar I could do it . she be suddenly all excitement and hopefulness again . supergirl then teach I how . zaltar no , it 's no good - -- you can not practice - -- you only get one go . a thing like that . no . sure you do not want a sip of this ? it 's delicious , I think . he take another sip of he drink . supergirl tell I how . to do it . if you could do it , I can . he look at she shrewdly , appraise she ability with a suddenly lucid glance . zaltar take a long time , you know , learn the wand . just begin to understand it myse1f . give thing a kind of life -- can also take away life ; work backwards too . besides I can not let you take my wand . only have the one , what would I do ? I would be helpless . it 's out of the question . supergirl then come with I . zaltar leave the zone ? what would I do on Earth ? supergirl you could do anything . you could sculpt mountain range ... draw with rainbow ! you would have superpower . zaltar superpower . get you in a lot of trouble , do not they ? supergirl please . I have to get back to Earth . my friend be in trouble . and unless I bring back the power source , argo City will die . he look at she kneel beside he couch , tear stream down she cheek , plead with he . zaltar oh , all right . stop cry . let 's go . he stand up , take he matterwand , and head for the stair up to the surface . supergirl can hardly believe she plea have be grant . she run after he , up the stair . supergirl you be go to take I back ? zaltar go to try . do not say I could . ext . zaltar ' S house . phantom zone they emerge from the circular doorway out onto the flat monotonous terrain of the zone . Zaltar pause for a moment to get he bearing , then strike out with long energetic stride . supergirl hurry to keep up with he . supergirl I hear my mother ask you once " how could a man with such a selfish heart create beauty ? " she be wrong , Zaltar , you have a generous heart . zaltar not do this for you . just sick of this place , that 's all . wretched sing sculpture , always yowling at you . bore ! supergirl scamper along beside he , smile . Zaltar never look back at he abandon house , but keep he gaze fix on the horizon straight ahead . int . selena' new house . hallway ethan be walk down the hall and see guard drag Lucy Lane and Jimmy Olsen in chain . Lucy call out to he . lucy hey , I think you be gonna mention we upstairs . ethan I do . lucy ( bitterly ) well thanks a pile , fella . ethan watch they drag away . he have a puzzle expression on he face . int . selena' live room . day ethan enter . selena be stare into she magic mirror . her face be white with fear . ethan what 's go on ? selena snap irritably at he . selena guess ! go on . ethan I do not know . you seem afraid . selena you be a regular Einstein , be not you ? ethan ( the truth dawns on he ) supergirl ? selena do not answer , but look back at the mirror . ethan move to she side and watch with she the image of the phantom zone . int . phantom zone / quantum vortex Zaltar lead the way , firming they path with the matterwand , and then haul himself and supergirl forward over a upward sloping , undulate surface . behind they luminescent wave of energy can be see , like the ocean at the base of a steep cliff , constantly sweeping backwards and downward , away from they goal . int . selena' new live room selena look up and realise ethan be behind she , look intently at the image . selena quit stare so hard . you will strain you eye . she put she hand on he cheek . he turn away from the image of supergirl and look deep in selena 's eye . ethan you be not go to hurt she , be you ? selena be furious . her eye get that dangerous look . selena you can not put she out of you mind , be that it ? ethan well ... I guess I can not . selena I be ready for she . I will show you . selena walk out the french door follow by the daze ethan . ext . conservatory . day mr. &amp ; Mrs. danver , Lucy Lane , and Jimmy Olsen be imprison in four metal cage hang over the reflect pool in the conservatory . the rope that keep the cage from fall into the pool be gigantic golden serpent , they tail around a overhead beam , and the jaw tightly lock on the top of the cage . a fifth cage hang there empty . the water in the reflect pool have change colour to a opaque yellow . selena show the arrangement to ethan . selena unless supergirl agree to go away forever , the serpent will drop they one by one . selena put a small silver whistle to she lip and blow a high , melodious note . the fifth serpent open he jaw and release the empty cage into the pool . insert : reflecting pool the empty cage land in the water and be instantly eat up by the most powerful acid imaginable , leave nothing but froth and acrid fume . ethan look down into the cool at he reflection distort by the spread ripple . back to scene ethan why the empty cage ? selena that one be for you . but I think I would wait and see how you behave when supergirl get here . I would hate to lose you , ethan . selena step beside he and put she hand on he shoulder . ethan cry out with terror . selena look down at what he see . insert : reflecting pool behind selena , distort almost beyond recognition by the ripple on the surface , be a giant monstrous shadow - be , its arm outstretched , almost enveloping her , but invisible except in reflection . back to scene selena step away from the pool , shake by the sight . ethan what ...? selena you do not get this far without pay ... a certain price . she turn and walk quickly out of the conservatory , follow by ethan . mr . danver if only I have not make that speech denounce she . mrs . danver I be not afraid to die . I be proud of you . she stretch out she hand through the bar and clasp he bravely . Lucy turn she face away to give they some privacy in they . final moment . Jimmy be look at she . jimmy ( shyly ) I have be in love with you for year . remember how you use to visit you sister in the newsroom ? and put you fingerprint on my lens . lucy remember ? I be try desperately to get you be attention . jimmy you be ? you mean we could have be ... you -know-what ... all this time ? lucy you bet you ass . jimmy why do not you tell I ? lucy you be suppose to guess . she reach out she hand through the bar and clasp he bravely , like the danver . int . the phantom zone / quantum vortex Zaltar be continue he climb , but the way be get steeper , and he be tired and short of breath . he pause . supergirl why be you stop ? zaltar stop ? be i? silly . one thing you mus not do . he continue forward , and upward , firming they path with the matterwand . the wand create a warm circle of white light around they in contrast to the monochromatic energy field of the phantom Zone . because of the inherent curvature of the phantom Zone vortex , they seem to be scramble up a sheer vertical wall now . supergirl be close beside Zaltar help he along , not merely follow as she have before . the throbbing sound of energy wave surging down the vortex be grow louder as they proceed . Zaltar stumble , and drop the matterwand . zaltar oh dear ! the vortex start to sweep the wand backwards , down to where they have just climb from . supergirl make a desperate lunge and retrieve the wand as it sweep past . but now she be be sweep backwards . zaltar the wand . use it . supergirl somehow find the right grip on the control and point the wand at the undulate surface beneath she . she still the move surface and stop she backwards motion . zaltar good girl ! that 's the way ! but now Zaltar be be sweep backwards toward she . she point the wand at he foot and halt he downhill slide . zaltar you can use the wand . supergirl better than when I be a child . she hand it back to he and they resume they slow upward progress . zaltar I remember you then . cute thing you be . like you mother . CUT to : int . selena' new live room selena stand watch the image of Zaltar and supergirl in she mirror . beside she on the floor be the coffer of shadow , now swollen to the size of a large pumpkin . it pulse and glow with inner light . the lid of the coffer of shadow start to rattle as if something inside be attempt to get out . int . the phantom zone / quantum vortex flaming sphere of ball lightning begin to whizz past Zaltar and supergirl . Zaltar be startle , and he stop he forward progress . zaltar what 's that ? never see anything like that . supergirl do not stop . keep move . zaltar yes , must not stop . supergirl ( grimly ) it 's selena . I be get so I can recognise she work . another flame sphere whizze toward they . it hit Zaltar on the shoulder and knock he off the safe path . he start to roll backwards down the vortex . supergirl Zaltar . use the wand ! zaltar too late . too late . save yourself . he be be sweep faster and . faster away from she , recede like the image of ethan when she be trap in the zone . Zaltar throw the wand to she , and then be sweep away , out of sight , downward to he death . he call out after he disappear . zaltar ( voice over ) Goodbye ... supergirl Zaltar ! she begin to be sweep backwards , but she use the wand , and stop she slide . gripping the wand fiercely , she start to forge ahead . all the while she have to dodge the flame sphere that selena send down the vortex . supergirl you be not go to win , selena . I will not let you . suddenly supergirl enter another area of the vortex . she begin to move forward , upward , without claw she way . she accelerate , move faster and faster . ext . grassy meadow beside a pond supergirl land , in a desert sunny meadow . she collapse sobbing on the grass . the matterwand lie beside she . supergirl Zaltar , Zaltar . you never have a selfish heart . she look up at the sun shine down serenely , bathing the Earth in its life - give ray --- and return she superpower to she . supergirl wherever you be , Zaltar , thank ' you . she stand up and flexe she muscle . she no longer look tired or dishevel . her red and blue costume shine in the bright sunlight . she pick up the matterwand and leap into the air , fly faster than a speed bullet . ext . above selena' new house . taliesen mountain supergirl swoops down from the sky and dive through the roof . int . selena' live room supergirl smashes through the ceiling and land next to the french door . ethan and selena be stand against the opposite wall , next to the veile mirror . supergirl you have have you fun , selena , the game be over . ethan she have hostage . selena the danver . and two of you little friend . supergirl it 's just one more crime you will have to pay for . ethan point to the conservatory and mime the word ' out there ' . selena blow on the silver whistle on the chain around she neck . insert : the serpent holding jimmy olsen's cage open its mouth and the cage drop away . back to scene supergirl blow a enormous blast of superbreath out the french door . int . conservatory Jimmy Olsen 's cage be blow away from the acid bath and he land in a bank of fern . jimmy hey , what give ? the blast of superbreath blow the cage of Lucy and the danver away from the pool as well . the serpent loose they grip , arid the danver and Lucy land beside Jimmy in the fern bank . int . live room . day selena witness the destruction of she hostage scheme . selena all right , supergirl . the game 's not over till the last card 's deal . selena open the lid of the grotesquely swollen coffer of shadow sit beside she on the floor . the omegahedron inside spin . all the furniture in the room suddenly launch itself at supergirl . huge oak refectory table , alabaster throne , marble urn , iron firegrate , shie1d and armour , bronze statuary , and razor sharp pane of glass from the window all shatter themselves against she invulnerable body . ethan stand in the corner , ducking the stray fragment that come he way . supergirl you have run out of thing to throw , selena . selena not yet . selena point she hand at supergirl with a gesture of attack . the coffer of shadow emit a dense black mist that darken the room . a giant invisible hand seize supergirl and hurl she into the alchemical bar with a crash of bottle . supergirl stand up with the wand hold in front of she to ward off another attack . ethan it 's she shadow - self ! her dark side ! supergirl how do I fight it ? ethan turn it against she . supergirl raise the wand and apply it to her own body . there be a flash of blinding light , and supergirl be transformed into a perfect image of selena - -- as she be at the fairground . there be now two selenas in the room --- the real one beside the coffer of shadow , and the one hold the matterwand in the alchemical bar . the Real selena be first astonished , and then furious . real selena power of shadow , kill she !! the second selena call out to the shadow - self in selena 's own unmistakable voice . second selena no . I be you mistress . do not harm I . real selena do not listen to she ! kill she ! she 's lie . second selena you be my shadow , you must obey I . the Real selena be distract by the duel of willpower with she double and do not notice ethan creep along the wall toward the coffer of shadow . ethan lunge for the shine omegahedron inside , and snatch it out just as the heavy lid slam shut with a clang of metal . ethan roll over and over on the floor , away from selena , clutching the , shine ring to he like a football in the end zone after a quarterback sneak on a fourth down trail seven to six with three second on the clock . ethan I have get it ! the power source ! the Real se1ena cry out with despair . and then the shadow attack she . the Real selena cry out as she be surround by a black mist that start slowly choke the life out of she . real selena ( terrify ) no! stop ! please ! ethan hand the power source to the second selena in the bar . second selena thank you . I will take this back to argo City . ethan it be you , then , really ? without a word , the second selena kiss he on the lip . second selena well ? ethan it 's you all right . second selena I will make it easy for you . she again apply the wand to her own body . there be a flash of light , and once more supergirl stand before he , clutching both the power source and the wand . ethan I could not help what I do , before . she drugge I . supergirl I never doubted you for a moment . real selena supergirl . please ! help ! I be die ... supergirl step toward the corner of the room beside the mirror where the Real selena be imprison in the cloud of blackness . supergirl touch the shadow with she wand . there be a cosmic musical chord , and the shadow be destroy ; it fall to the floor in a rain of hard , dark cinder . the Real selena rise from the corner of the room where she be release from the grip of the shadow . she look at herself in the mirror . she be change into the softer , more innocent person she be at the picnic before she find the omegahedron . there be no more evil shadow looming behind her in the mirror reflection . she turn to supergirl and ethan . selena I be free . I can never thank you enough . supergirl for what ? selena point to the glitter omegahedron supergirl hold . selena ever since I find that thing I have be like a prisoner in a terrible nightmare . you have no idea how awful it be to be mean all the time . supergirl you nightmare be over . I be take this back to argo City where it will not be misus . ( to ethan ) you could come too . it might be safer for you . ethan no thanks . I have friend in the resistance . they will vouch for I . I figure I might get a million buck for my memoir . supergirl I will come back as soon as I can . selena what about I ? they will make , hash out of I around here . supergirl and ethan exchange a glance . selena 's innocence be the one problem they have not foreseen . ethan she 's right . they will string she up . supergirl do you want to come to argo City ? selena what 's it like ? supergirl it 's the most beautiful place in the universe . selena sound o.k. to I . let 's go . supergirl hold out the matterwand to selena . supergirl grab hold of this . it form a force field for the journey through inner space . selena grasp the matterwand and the two of they fly together out the french door . CUT to : int . prison . day supergirl and selena fly through the prison . supergirl melt open the lock with beam of heat vision . the prisoner climb out of they cell cheer and rejoice . ext . hamburger heaven . gas station . day all the people of midvale be enthusiastically chopping up the billboard portrait of selena and throw they into a bonfire in the middle of the street . statues , banner , mystic symbol , giant tarot card , old uniform of she palace guard and youth group -- every last remnant of she regime join the blaze . people be smile , dance , hold hand , drink : the atmosphere be like a block party on the first week in spring . CUT to : ext . high above the sea . sunset selena and supergirl fly over the ocean toward the set sun . selena where be inner space ? supergirl it 's everywhere . but water be always the door . they plunge down into the sun 's reflection on the sea surface . ext . inner space supergirl and selena fly together through the dark reach of inner space . supergirl be tired but triumphant . the omegahedron glow brightly in she hand . selena look around she with awe and wonder . selena will they be angry with I for steal the power source ? supergirl they will be grateful . if you have not find it , it would still be lose . look , up ahead . selena yes , I see it . shine like a jewel . supergirl that 's home . p.o.v. of supergirl and selena argo City float ahead , seem to welcome they , its light , grow brighter and brighter as they return with the lose source fade out : the end