superman iv by Mark rosenthal and lawrence konner revise 30th October , 1986 1 earth roll into frame . a bauble of green and blue and white swirl of cloud cover . the eerie clip and whistle of cosmic ray be drown out by static and someone sing ' my way ' - in Russian . 2 moving into frame - a soviet capsule gleaming white . Black letter on its side , cccp . a Russian cosmonaught in he space suit be outside , repair radio antenna . he 's the one sing . 3 inside the capsule Three cosmonaughts , two man and a woman , in gym short and red t-shirt , be busy float to they station . the captain , tease he space walker . captain ( Russian with subtitles ) spare we the serenade , comrade Sinatra . you be not at home . 4 outside the capsule cosmonaught ( subtitle ) at home my kid tell I to save my sing for outer space ... 5 racing into view a piece of spare debris ! the discard chunk of a fail satellite . 6 inside the capsule the cosmonaughts notice the debris on its deadly course toward the cosmonaught outside . look of consternation be exchange . 7 outside the capsule the cosmonaught see the debris move toward he . he try to react , move first right then leave . 8 contact the debris hit the ship send the cosmonaught into space . cosmonaught ( subtitled ) I be lose ! Goodbye ! 9 the capsule tumble helplessly out of orbit , head over heel , out of control . the door hatch be clearly damage . 10 inside - the crew try desperately to regain control of the ship . they be toss about like clothes in a spin dryer . 11 suddenly the spin stop ! the cosmonaughts exchange startle look . captain ( subtitle ) what the ... 12 outside the space ship move slowly through the frame , now upright and in control , glide through space . 13 tilt angle - just below - superman ! carry the ship gently . 14 close on superman his face shine with the same familiar resolve , the same steady strength , the same calm in the heat of crisis the world expect . he turn and see the lose cosmonaught move away in space . 15 superman fly off towards he . 16 back to space the cosmonaught be lose consciousness . 17 p.o.v . - moving to the cosmonaught something overtake he . he stop tumble ! through he helmet , we can see he surprise . superman carry the cosmonaught to the capsule . he maneuver the cosmonaught to the airlock . ease he through the hatch , then repair the damage door . superman ( in perfect Russian - subtitle ) I think you will be safer in here , Sir . 18 inside the capsule the cosmonaughts strain to look out they porthole . superman slide by the window . the crew clasp hand in thanks . superman smile humbly and then dive backward toward Earth . roll open credit as . . . 19 superman head for home daylight come with a new dawn from the east . superman shoot over the horizon . ( imax footage of Earth take by the space shuttle . ) 20 the earth below the warm sunlight highlight recognizable landmass . this be home . Africa roll slowly by . then we see superman float above Europe . over the Atlantic , the ocean sparkles in shade of blue . 21 the UNITED states of america the continental state appear as precisely detailed as every map in every school room in America . superman hover for a moment as if to admire the view . he arc toward we and then disappear below . credit end 22 ext . smallville - the kent farm - day the old wooden farmhouse be now weathered and shutter . a 'for sale ' sign in front . 23 two headstone - GEORGE and martha kent Fresh wildflower adorn the grave . 24 clark kent share a silent moment with the good people who raise he . hand in he old jeans . sleeve roll up on he workshirt . he 's for now just a orphan boy from the Midwest . 25 clark x-ray vision p.o.v . - far down the road he can see the dirt cloud of a car head he way . clark turn and hurry toward the barn . 26 int . the barn in the middle of the barn , clark have excavate a deep hole . he jump out and hurry under the hayloft , reach for ... 27 a hay - cover tarp clark brushes off the hay , remove the canvas cover . 28 push in to reveal - kal -el' rocket the metallic carcass of the space vessel that carry the young kal - EL from krypton to Earth . 29 clark drag the shell across the barn he maneuver it deep into its new hide place . 30 closeup clark hand brush interior of the ship a soot - cover control panel begin to glow with a soft GREEN light . 31 at the bottom of the pit startle , clark crouch inside the space vessel . a voice , at first distort , be familiar . clark ( whisper ) Father ! now we hear what be a old message from jor -el . jor - EL by now kal - El you be enter the atmosphere of the planet know as earth ... clark be overwhelm by jor - el' voice . continued 31 continued jor-el ( cont . ) ... I pray you have make a safe journey . the yellow sun of you new home will give you great physical power ... but it can not console you spirit . place aboard this vessel be a energy module ... all that remain of a once powerful civilisation -- krypton , you mother planet . it be my last gift to you . once remove , the ship will grow cold and silent , and you will be finally alone . the power in the module can be use but once . use it wisely . . . my son . the message whirr slowly down and be finally drown in static . for a moment the vessel glow then fade out . clark reach under the " dashboard ' . and carefully retrieve the module . 32 a whirlwind small , but strong , start to envelop clark as he climb from the ship . his hair blow as the wind and dust increase in intensity . 33 outside the pit clark reach the top as the whir1wind peak and then , as quickly as it appear , it 's go . all be silent and calm . 34 the barn floor as the last of the dust settles ' we see the pit have be fill in . clark , carefully crad1inq the module , stare , say a final , silent farewell to he past , he childhood , he innocence . 35 outside the barn - a car horn blare clark quickly stashes the module under a tarp . 36 the barn a big old be park by the barn door . levon hornsby , a grey-haire banker , be about to enter the barn . hornsby Clark ! you in there ? clark pop out of the shadow . continued 36 continued clark hello , Mr. hornsby . it 's be a long time . hornsby try to peer over clark be shoulder into barn . clark distract he with a handshake . clark ( cont . ) ( smile ) I have just be tidy up for when you show the place . hornsby ( slyly ) do not I mention that there be a offer to buy ... sight unseen ? clark ( politely ) I be sorry , but I do not want to sell the farm to a big developer . whoever busy it have to want to keep a work farm . I do not think we need another shopping center . hornsby frown like he 's hear it too many time . hornsby darn it , Clark Kent , why be you so stubborn ? today nobody want a farm . blink you eye and they will all be go . that 's progress ! hornsby catch clark off-guard and the barn . stroll into the barn . clark ( run after ) Mr. hornsby ! 37 inside the barn hornsby ( spot something ) my , oh my ! look at this ! clark be relieved to see it 's not the module , which barely protrude from under the tarp but a baby 's crib off to the side . its wooden headboard have be crack perfectly in two . continued 37 continued hornsby ( cont . ) ( laugh ) what a joker old George Kent be . ( finger the crack ) I ask you dad what happen to the baby 's crib . ( mimic ) " oh , Clark must have kick it . " clark dad like a good joke . hornsby indulge himself with a laugh . clark chuckle politely . but change the subject . clark grab a old mitt , a ball and a bat . clark ( cont . ) maybe you grandchild would like this , Mr. hornsby . hornsby ( take they ) hey , thanks , Clark . clark usher mr hornsby out of the barn . 38 back outside hornsby roll the ball in he hand . hornsby hey ! batter up ! he toss clark the bat , then jog several yard away . he make a dramatic wind - up . clark sight , then assume a batter 's position . hornsby throw . for a minute clark look like he would love to take a mighty cut . instead he miss completely . hornsby ( remember ) oh , yeah , you never could hit a curve ball . clark ( polite , but resolute ) I think I will hold out for a real farmer , Mr. hornsby . continued 38 continued hornsby ( walk back ) . . . and you be just as obstinate as you father . clark walk hornsby back to he car . hold the door for he . hornsby ( after he start it up ) be careful in that big City , Clark . you be a long , long way from where you be bear . clark I never forget that , Sir . hornsby gun he car and disappear down the road . clark smile and pick up the ball and bat . a naughty young boy 's smile creep over he face . he throw up the ball , take a easy swing . crack ! the ball sail endlessly way , way , up into the sky . 39 a young child swaddle in red and blue cloth be carry through a smoky hall . explosion thunder outside . 40 child be p.o.v. the voice be distort , the noise terrifying . the child be place lovingly into a cradle - like capsule . around he , bright flash of fire . a glass canopy be gently lower . 41 the planet krypton against the blackness of space . Silent for a moment . the planet erupt in fire . explode in a hellish apocalypse . a streak of white escape from the die planet mark the child 's rocket . 42 int . clark kenta apartment morning the ringing of the telephone blend with the roar of the dream . 43 a answering machine click on . clark be voice on the tape . he be clearly uncomfortable when he record the message . clark ( v.o. ) uh , hi , this be Clark ... Kent . please leave a message at the beep . beep 43 continued lois ( v.o. ) Clark ... it 's lois . I hope you be up . perry want we in the office on time . something big be go on . . . au revoir . clark jump up and reach for the phone . clark hi , lois . I be up . gee , I wonder what perry 's get in mind ... it take a moment for clark to realise that he be talk to himself . lois have click off and all that 's leave be the dial tone . clark oh well , bye lois . 44 breakfast table - minute later clark rush to pour a bowl of wheaty , but realise too late the milk have turn sour . now he scramble for he briefcase . the radio be on . d.j. ( v.o . ) and ... in the news , we have word that the East - West arm control talk have break down . the President be schedule to address the nation later ... and that be the good news - just kid ... clark grab he jacket , check the time and fly out the door . d.j. ( cont . ) ... so chin up , metropolis ! it 's a typical Monday morning ... ! 45 int . subway station morning clark patiently filing slowly follow a long line of commuter through the turnstile . 46 on the platform a train have appear . lois step on board just as clark arrive on the platform . he call after she . clark lois ! she turn just as the door close behind she . she point to she watch and give clark a disapprove look through the glass . the train pull out , leave clark . 47 close on clark - x-ray p.o.v. clark squint slightly and follow the train into the tunnel , peer through the wall to see 48 the lead car a elderly engineer sit before computerise control . suddenly , he clutches he heart . engineer oh , please . . .no. . . he pitch forward unconscious . the train gather speed . 49 on the passenger car clark continue to scan with he x-ray vision . he see lois , read " french phrase for travellers " , unmindful , as be the other passenger , of the impending disaster . 50 clark on the platform realising a disaster in the make , he move out of sight and slip off he glass . this be a job for ... 51 superman ! he 's off in a flash . 52 superman be P. o. V. - into the tunnel skim just above the track , superman try to overtake the train . 53 side angle as superman begin to fly past the car , " startle passengers spot he out the window . the relative speed of the train make superman seem to move in slow motion . lois look up from she read just in time to see superman fly by . she run to the window . amendment no : 1 ( pink ) revise 05 - aug-86 53 continued lois superman ! he turn he head just long enough to acknowledge she with a half -smile . he speed ahead to meet the speed subway . he stand calmly right in its path . the headlight grow larger and larger , bear down on superman ! he take one step back and purposely kick he foot into the third rail ! 54 close on superman as a electric current roar through he . a blind white - hot penumbra glow about he . he have become a human sun ! spark shoot off like firework . the light flash and go out . the electric current be short . one by one the green signal light flash off . the out -of- control train be cut off from its energy source . in the engineer be booth the control light flicker off . Inside the car , the passenger stand in darkness as they train lose speed . now superman leap behind the last car and , pull gently , help ease the train to a stop . in a flash , he 's at the engineer be booth and fly the unconscious man onto the platform where a rescue squad be just arrive . superman ( to the men ) I will take this man to the hospital . as superman leave . 55 lois in window lois ( wave ) superman . . . thank you . from the look on she face , we know it all . superman be the only man in she life who 's super ! 56 ext . quarry - day a stone quarry - a white scar on the landscape . 57 a prison chain gang knee -deep in ooze , they shovel out debris near a track into the quarry . oversee the forlorn redneck be two ~ federal marshal , tote rifle . a dumpy farm truck be park on the shoulder . amendment no : 1 ( pink ) revise 05 - aug-86 58 pan down the line of convict most be shirtless in the heat , drip sweat . a sunburnt inmate with elvis sideburn be wail a country lament . most of the other men hum along . 59 at the end of the line suddenly we hear what sound like classical music be whistle just loud enough to bother a chubby con . the con turn to the last man on the chain . con what be that god - awful noise you be makin ' ? 60 the last man on the chain -- lex luthor ! the only man whose work clothes be still clean , still press , still fashionably accented with a tie . he merely lean on he shovel . lex mozart , my low - forehead friend . even this wretch pit can not diminish the spirit of true genius ... I while you have be bend you back in this foul slime , I have be inspire ! life itself begin in a murky pool much like this . and a genius such as myself learn to seize the moment . you be the first to know that I now have a plan to recreate life itself ! luthor expect awe . instead , all he get be a vacant stare as the con squish a huge mosquito . one deputy ( splashes water at lex ) you better be breakin ' a sweat , luthor , or we will feed you to the wolf ! 61 the tall marshal throw a stone by lex , splash he . tall guard hey luthor , let 's get that dud dirty . continued amendment no : 1 ( pink ) revise 05 - aug-86 61 continued lex ( shaking he head to the sky ) surrounded by neanderthals ! the sound of a engine make the fat marshal jump to he foot . 62 . a cadillac convertible driving down the middle of the track , screech to a halt by the work crew . Music blaring : from a : state-of- the- art wall - to- wall stereo system . 63 out of the car - a teenage kid reeking of snotty sarcasm and bratty insult . he 's dress in a careful distillation of the worst effect of punk and heavy metal . a walkman permanently about he neck . kid ( tapping the marshal ) yo pop , where the hell be this and how do I get to Ft. lauderdale ? the fat marshal shake he head laugh and walk over to admire the cadillac and its sound system . fat marshal Son , you be on the wrong side of the state. ( touch the cadillac ) you get yourself one heck of a sound there , son . the tall marshal have wander over to investigate . kid I guess you yo - yo 's have never see one of these sensearound 100' . tall marshall ( defensive ) oh , yeah , I see one in a magazine once . continued 63 continued the kid take a contemptuous look over the chain gang . kid ( big , friendly smile to the marshal ) go on , get in . only way to hear it . he open the door to the caddie . the marshal exchange naughty grin and slip inside . the fat marshal tweak the control and the music get louder . fat marshal hot dog ! tall marshal amen . 64 on the kid his smile disappear . he step back . he slip he walkman from around he neck . 65 close on the walkman as the kid turn it over to reveal a remote control unit . he quickly punch in order . . . 66 on the cadillac the top quickly close down and lock . startle , the two marshal be freeze by confusion . the car door lock click shut . engine start . window up . all in a flash . fat marshal ( yell through window ) what 's go on ? the kid hit another button and ... 67 the cadillac roar off under its own control . the marshal stare hopelessly as the wheel turn itself . 68 marshal ' P. o.v. - straight ahead - over the edge a sheer drop to the quarry floor . the kid increase the speed and over the edge into the quarry and explode . the kid turn and scramble until he find luthor . amendment no : 1 ( pink ) revised 05 - aug-86 69 lex and the kid kid do I do okay , uncle lex ? lex lenny , I have always think of you as the dutch elm disease of my family tree . but this time , nephew , you do fine . lenny start cut the chain from lex . 70 the prisoner still bound one to the other by long chain , look on with envy . the one con call out lex . con how ' bout givin ' we a break too , Mr. mozart ? lex ( aghast ) just because I use my genius in criminal way . . . do not mean I be not a firm believer in law and order . you man belong in prison ! lenny finish cut lex free . lenny be we go to skip the country , uncle lex ? lex ( rub he wrist ) lenny , , you pathetic product of the public school system . you uncle lex have have only one thing on he awesome mind during he incarceration . . . destroy superman ! 70a the two marshal scramble from the wreck cadillac . 71 int . elevator - DAILY planet build - morning the door open and clark rush off . it 's odd , but the hallway be surprisingly empty . amendment no : 1 ( pink ) revise 05 - aug-86 72 int . CITY room - morning the cavernous sprawl of desk and word processor . clark run in and freeze . every desk be empty . not a soul be stir . not even a copy boy . perry ( o.s. ) you be late , Kent ! clark turn around in time to see perry white march past the door . the editor-in- chief stop just long enough to scowl at clark . 73 down the hallway clark catch up with perry . clark right , sir . I promise it will not happen again . now perry white stop dead in he track . face to face with clark . perry ha ! perry shake he head and disappear into the conference room . clark ( a step behind ) but where be . . . 74 into the conference room clark . . . everybody ? everybody be cramme at one end of the long table in the newspaper 's strategy chamber . jimmyolsen and lois lane flank perry white as he sit . all the other reporter , editor and staff be there . 75 the other end of the table - david warfield impeccably dress with a fold pocket handkerchief , the aristocratic tycoon slip contemptuously through the morning edition of the DAILY planet . behind he be a few unctuous cronies . 76 a stylish young woman sit on warfield right . she 's in she mid - 20' with a natural beauty carefully mould to fit vogue . warfield ( as he turn . the page . ) bore ... tedious ... abominable ... enough ! 77 clark slide behind lois clark what 's everybody do here ? lois regardez . ( point ) voila monsieur David warfield . clark that tycoon who own all that sleazy tabloid ? lois au contraire , mon ami ! he own all that sleazy tabloid and the Daily Planet ! warfield and perry white be square off like two frontier gambler . perry do not tell I . you only read the picture . warfield in fact , Mr. White , I only read the ledger . a ledger which the previous owner pay so little attention to that I be able to buy the paper out from under they . the Daily Planet have not make money in three year . now the lovely girl smile . she speak with a clench - tooth , upper-crust intonation . girl and the name of the game be make money . continued 77 continued warfield lady and gentleman , my daughter -- lacy warfield ! as he politeness dictate , clark step forward . clark Nice to make you acquaintance . lacy just stare at clark be outstretch hand . he push he glass up , smile and step back . lois ( whisper to clark ) she make she money the old fashioned - way . she inherite it . warfield lacy will be help you , Mr. White . perry helping I ? jimmy ( to lois and clark ) here it come . get ready to tie down the chief . lacy once upon a time the Daily Planet be a nice paper . now it 's ... fatigue . I have bring with I mock copy of we new layout . she hold up a tabloid-sized paper with a giant headline scream : ' summit kaput ! be world at brink ? ' underneath be a picture of a model in a bikini with she hand fold in prayer . clark Sir , the world be not really at the brink . be not that headline , a bit irresponsible ? continued 77 continued warfield maybe . but it 's a hell of a circulation booster . perry' face turn various shade of magenta . he rise slowly . clark Mr. White , do not do anything rash . perry ( point to warfield ) rash ? there 's the rash that infect world journalism . if you think I be go to let you turn this grand old lady into one of you bimbos . . . lacy hold up a sheath of papers . lacy before you dramatic stage exit , Mr. White , may I point out that daddy hold you contract . which you will have to honor . lois step forward , hand raise . lois excusez moi , you spoiledness . . . clark nudge jimmy . clark ( whisper ) why be lois speak french ? jimmy she 's get to that part . lois . . . I have get a plane to catch . I be cover the emergency european minister ' conference in Paris . she start to leave . lacy stand . continued 77 continued lacy not so fast ! ( lois freeze ) all trip be cancel . we pay for wire service . and what we do not get from they , we will invent . warfield ( to perry ) Mr. White , come with I I want to see warfield parade out with he entourage . perry look like he 's be take to the tower . lois be stunne . the rest of the staff shuffles out drearily in the b.g . lois no Paris ? clark I do not think we be be treat fairly , lois . and I be go to tell miss warfield . lois ( too late to stop he ) Clark . . . wait ! clark intercept lacy warfield before she can exit . clark ( building to a crescendo ) miss warfield , I think I speak for all of we when I say we will do we best to co-operate . but a reporter 's first allegiance be to the truth . the people in this city depend on we . and we can not let they down ! . . . thank you . clark shake she hand and leave the room . lois fold she arm with a look to lacy that say ' he tell you . ' continued 77 continued lacy be he for real ? lois one hundred percent . ( a warning ) and I like he that way . lacy ( probing ) you have a . . . thing for he ? lois ( incredulous ) Clark ? lacy finger she pearl . lacy I think he 's kind of cute . lois ( laugh out loud ) forget it , princess . Clark be the world 's oldest boy scout ( salute ) trustworthy , loyal , obedient , helpful ... and I do not remember the rest , but he 's they too . and I promise , he 's not interested in anyone like you . for a moment lacy seem genuinely hurt . but she cover it up quickly . lacy ( defensive ) but all man like I , lois . I be very rich . lois . . . and very naïve ! a voice ring out across the building . perry ( o.s. ) ( bellow ) lois ! get in here ! lois follow lacy . . . 78 across the CITY room - lois and lacy join clark , perry white and jimmy olsen in warfield be office , who have turn on the tv clark the President be about to speak . I do not think it 's go to be good news . lois you always overreact , Clark . how terrible can it be ? 79 close on clark obviously try to evaluate the situation . warfield hopefully very terrible , miss Lane ! we can double we circulation with a good international crisis . perry ( sarcastic ) be not that wonderful . 80 closeup - the tv screen - a shot of the white house 81 the oval office the president of the UNITED states be speak . . . president . . . and because the summit have fail , we have no choice but to strive to be second to none in the nuclear arm race . . . 82 another television set the tv be turn off . a young woman teacher face she class . 83 int . JFK high school - day a middle - class sunbelt school . 84 classroom - day a history class with twenty l6 - year-old . all eye on the teacher in front of a world map . all eye that be , but the eye of a kid in the last seat of the last row . jeremy be a confirm daydreamer in fade denim . his eye be stare out the window . his mind be wander even farther . teacher I know you be all upset by the crisis . the best thing we can do be try to think positively . be there anything we can do ? one boy yeah , let 's hold class in a bomb shelter . maybe some of we would make it to we senior prom . nervous laughter from the kid . teacher come on , do not anyone have a suggestion ? the kid sit in silence . teacher ( cont . ) all right , I will make a suggestion . why do not we write to we Congressman ? another boy a lotta good that would do . the kid chime in they agreement with the boy 's comment . nervous laughter from the kid . 85 close on jeremy' desk he 's doodling . a picture of superman fly . teacher somebody have to be a optimist . the teacher spot jeremy not pay attention . teacher ( cont . ) Jeremy ! ( he jump ) sorry to disturb you . what would you do to keep the world from nuclear build - up . continued 85 continued one girl he 's so space out he would not even notice . General laughter at Jeremy 's expense . the teacher sigh . she do not expect much . jeremy , the dreamer , blushes . now he 's think . teacher anyone else ... jeremy look out the window to the blue sky . then he stand up . surprise at himself . jeremy I will tell you who would I would write a letter to that would do some good . a girl who- Santa Claus ? jeremy no , superman . every kid in the class be now stare . jeremy ( cont . ) look , superman be the one guy who could pull it off . no one would mess with he . he will collect all . the bomb . Zap !. they be history . the class erupt in ridicule and laughter . another boy ( sarcastic ) why do not you call he up ? you get he private number , do not you ? another girl you be probably best friend . jeremy look around the room . the teacher want to help he but do not know how . continued 85 continued jeremy ( with passion ) you all think you be so cool , right ? you will be cool even when the whole place get vaporize ... well , I be go to write superman a letter and send it to the Daily Planet . another boy and seal it with a kiss . defiantly , jeremy sit down and take out a pen and paper . even as the laughter echoe around he , he start to write . jeremy ( as he write . ) ' dear superman . . . ' 86 superman his chisele feature stare off into the distance as if he just hear a cry for help . 87 into frame - several people they head only come up to the top of superman be red boot . we pull back to reveal . . . 88 int . metropolis museum - day the people be tourist look at . . . 89 a larger than life statue of superman a permanent exhibit surround by photo of superman in action , memorabilia and illustrate fact and figure about the man of steel . 90 moving from another wing of the museum a young vietnamese - american tour guide be point out thing to a group tour of about twenty people . guide okay , let 's move on to we newest and most popular exhibit . 91 the superman exhibit the tour group form a semicircle around the statue . at the back of the group -- what seem to be a father and son -- both wear dark glass and baseball cap . 92 close on - a globe of the earth make out of solid steel . brand on it be its weight : looo lb . it hang suspend by a long thin strand of what seem to be black wire , attach to a crossbeam . all protect by a glass case . guide ( point it out ) superman have graciously donate a strand of his hair to the museum . so we all could have the fun of see how strong he really be . here you can see a 1000 - pound globe easily suspend by he single hair . ooh and aah from the group . guide ( cont . ) now let 's move on to we primate exhibit . 93 the group leave but not the ' father ' and ' son . ' once the pitter patter of foot on the linoleum floor fade , the ' father ' take off he hat and glass . we see he bald pate . it 's lex luthor . he saddle right up to the statue . lex ( address the statue ) guess who ! . . . of course it 's I ! you old buddy ! lex luthor . . . hey , you do not look too bad yourself . ' course I have put on a few pound , but what the hey ! they feed you a lot of starch when you have in prison . ( he jokey tone become more deadly ) that be ' prison ' . . . as in where you put I , Mr. clean . say , we should get together soon . over lunch , over dinner , or ... over you dead body . 94 on lenny he 's stand by the glass case contain superman be hair . he slip a iron mallet out of he jacket . throw off he baseball cap to reveal he buzzcut hair with purple highlight . lex ( to lenny ) do you realize what I can create with a single strand of superman 's hair ! lenny ( think hard ) a toupee that fly ? lex ( sigh ) . . . I look at you , lenny , and I know how the Roman feel when the barbarian arrive at they city gate . lenny but why the hair ? lex ( gaze into the case ) that hair contain a sample of superman 's genetic material . the building block of he body . with my genius and enough nuclear power to mutate that gene , I will create a be with all he power . . . but with absolute allegiance to I ! lex nod at lenny . lenny raise the iron mallet above the case . crash . alarm SOUND all over the museum . as lex reach for the hair , lenny light several smoke bomb and toss they down the wind . in moment the smoke begin to bellow , create a shroud around lex and lenny . lex ( cont . ) ( to the statue ) happy trail , Blue Boy , until we meet again . 95 int . DAILY planet - lacy office - day clark be seat before lacy be hi-tech desk . she 's deliver a animated pitch . lacy ( answer for he ) it 's brilliant . daddy think so , too . you will write a new series -- ' metropolis after hour . ' clark I really do not think . . . lacy but you be perfect for it . you be young , you be single , you be successful ... clark and I be usually in bed by ten-thirty . lacy that 's just it ! you do not have to flaunt it . you be no slave to fashion ... although ... she reach for he glass and muss he hair . lacy ( cont . ) have you ever try contact ? clark ( take they back ) they make my eye itch . lacy do not worry . I will not make you do it alone . I know all the right place . I be a member at all the right club . . . we will start tonight at the grand open of the Metro Club ! it 's a date ! 96 lois enter she have a letter in she hand . lois ( teasing ) a date ? continued 96 continued clark knock he knee on lacy be desk as he jump , very uncomfortable . pretend to rub the ouch . clark it 's just . . . research , actually . lois wink and make clark blush . she sit boldly on lacy be desk . lois ( wave the letter ) this letter be address to superman care of I . lacy ( surprised ) superman get mail here ? clark ( casually ) oh , probably just a picture request . I will take care of it if you want , lois . lois I do not think ' fan mail ' fit this letter . ( hand it to clark ) read it , Clark . clark unfold the paper . read quietly at first . then out loud . clark ( read ) '. . . I do not care if everybody think I be a space cadet . once you have destroy all the nuclear missile in the world , they will see I be right . superman can make sure we do not blow ourselves up . Quick and easy . thanks a lot . I know you will come through . you friend , Jeremy . 97 close on clark he 's shake to the core . lois get up to leave . lois poor kid . oh well , back to work . continued 97 continued before lois can leave , lacy snatch the letter . lacy ( mind churn ) I think there 's a angle . lois a angle ? lacy daddy love to whip up campaign ! people eat it up . we will make this kid a celebrity . the whole world will be wait for superman 's answer . clark have quietly go to the door . he watch lacy pick up the phone . lacy ( cont . ) ( into phone ) hold the afternoon edition ! ( to lois ) daddy will be proud of I ! clark slip away . 98 JFK high school - day the american flag be buffete by the wind . 99 in the classroom - jeremy still daydream , eye fix outside . 100 jeremy' p.o.v. suddenly , superman seem to be hover in the air just outside the window . he smile at jeremy . jeremy ( leaping to he foot ) whoa ! teacher Jeremy ! do you have a question ? continued 100 continued jeremy look outside , superman be go . jeremy I think ... I ... I be just daydream . the CLASS laugh . jeremy slump down . a beat , then there 's a knock at the door . all head turn . 101 into the room - superman he 's carry jeremy be letter . walk down the aisle . superman ( to the teacher ) I be sorry to interrupt you lesson , but I want to answer Jeremy in person . head turn to jeremy . ridicule replace by awe . teacher ( find she tongue ) class ... we have a guest speaker . a friend of . . . Jeremy 's . jeremy be beam . New -found friend slap " five " with he . superman this be the most important letter I have ever receive , Jeremy . but I be afraid what you be ask be . . . impossible . jeremy be stunne . jeremy impossible ? why ? superman because I make a vow . never to interfere in the destiny of you planet . continued 101 continued jeremy but what good be a vow if everything get blow away ? what good be my letter ? superman I be go to pass this letter on to all the leader of the world . I promise you . for it be they , and not I , that represent the people of Earth . 102 pan the room twenty confuse face . jeremy look crush . teacher ( gently ) I be sure we all want to thank superman for take the time to visit we . ( to superman ) thank you . we understand . superman take a long walk back down the aisle . jeremy ( just before superman be at the door ) well , I do not understand . superman I be sorry . superman turn . jeremy look right at he . his eye be the color of disappointment . one of he classmate snigger at jeremy . classmate told you so ! 103 int . lex's lair one wall of lex be laboratory be a computer bank mark by digital readout and heat calibration . 104 nuclear chamber a translucent glass door , much like a prism , glow as it turn through all the color of the light spectrum . 105 extreme closeup - lex a look on he face we have never see before . he have even amaze himself . lex ( softly ) I be ... smarter than I think . it 's work ! ( turn to lenny ) Quick , lenny . prepare the nuclear chamber . . . lenny ? ( no answer ) lenny ! . . . ( scream ) leonard ! 106 the lab - lenny with he walkman over he ear , he 's beat against the air with two drumstick . lex scowl and flick lenny' earphone . lenny yowl . lex ( threaten ) get the radiation suit ! lenny bring out two white work suit . he and lex dress quickly . 107 light go down in the laboratory only the prismatic glow from the chamber illuminate the room in blue , gold and green . lex carry a glass petri dish . his hand protect by aluminum glove . 108 tight on the dish a seethe dash of protoplasm seem to grow right before we eye . lex slide the dish into the chamber . close the door . lock it tight . lex every day the earth be bombard by radioactive cosmic ray . over million of year , the radiation make single cell evolve into . . . we . now , Leonard , you uncle lex , use this protoplasm I have grow from superman 's cell , will duplicate creation itself in a matter of second ! 109 close on lex's hand as it hit a sequence of computer command . 110 push in slowly - to the nuclear chamber the reaction begin . the light flash , building and building until . . . a monstrous roar ! a almost human voice scream . lex shut off the reaction . he and lenny tear off they protective headgear . lenny ( scared ) what be that ? lex react . listen . lex it 's . . . alive ! another roar from the bowel of the chamber . lex punch the door lock . the door slide open . lex ( cont . ) now . . . watch how he obey my command . . . ( call out ) . . . come on , big boy ! 111 angle - the OPEN door we hear the sound of heavy footstep . lenny glue himself behind lex , peek around he uncle . 112 SOUND : crash ! through the lab wall - the nuclear man concrete and debris fall everywhere . lenny he miss the door , uncle lex . lex quiet ! you will make he self - conscious . 113 close on - the nuclear man lex be monster appear to be a huge young man with long arm and a long neck . the beast spot lex and slowly reach its arm toward he . open he mouth . the sound that come out be hideous and barely comprehensible . nuclear man f-f-f-f-faaather . . . ! continued 113 continued lenny step around lex , walk up to the beast . lenny he call you father . what a . . . moron ! he need something to wear too , uncle lex . unless you want to let he out look like this ! lex look over to nuclear man and realize he 's naked . lex grab a pair of workmen 's coverall from a hook on the wall and toss it to nuclear man . nuclear man grab it , confuse . nuclear man what I need this for ? lex for dignity . my reputation be at stake . just put it on . lex pick up a solid iron ingot . he hand it to the monster . lex now break it ! the nuclear man hesitates , then he snap the ingot in two . lenny whoa . . . lex he have all of superman 's power . if I have plan it right . . . now lex take a machine gun out and aim it at the beast . lex ( cont . ) stand back , lenny ! 114 lex fire the bullet smack into the nuclear man . he seem confuse . but he hardly flinch . continued 114 continued lex ( a big grin ) very good . now . . . the final test . . . let 's see if he can fly . . . I command you to rise . the nuclear man turn he head in confusion , wrinkle he brow . then he rise ... too quickly . 115 he crash into the ceiling and plummet in a heap to the floor . plaster and sprinkle down . lex and lenny run to lift he up . lex okay , okay , he need a little coach . a idea dawns on lex . lex ( cont . ) lenny , hand I the Daily Planet . it 's time for metropolis to get a taste of my nuclear man . lenny give lex the paper . he flip through it . lex I do not ' know what this country 's come to . this use to be a fine paper -- aha , here . 116 insert - the newspaper a picture of a new night club . headline read : grand open of chic night spot tonight ! a who' who of metropolis to attend ! lenny gee , uncle lex , I do not think this guy 's much of a dancer . continued 116 continued lex let 's try to keep you i.q. a family secret , Leonard . before we launch he against superman , we have to test he ... see how well he do with mayhem and destruction . kind of a come out party under the glare of media cover the Metro Club gala . and once he prove himself , then . . . lex walk up to he creation . stands face to face . the expression on the beast 's face be something in between confusion and fury . the coverall hang awkwardly from he frame . lex hold up a photo of superman . lex ( cont . ) I create you for one reason only ... to destroy this man . 117 close on the nuclear man he smile as best as he wretch muscle will allow . it 's almost a childlike smile . nuclear man yes . . . f-f-faaather . . . 118 beam of search light criss -cross in a bask weave against the metropolis night . for a moment , we see a quick flash of superman , then he disappear . 119 ext . the metro club - night a endless line of supplicant wait humbly to see if they will be admit into the latest court of chic . 120 closeup lacy wait outside , pace and look at she watch . clark run up to she . lacy you be late . very late . clark gosh , I be sorry , we better get in line . lacy oh , Clark , you be so delightfully primitive . 121 the metro club - front door two beefy bouncers stand side by side , . barring the way . a young couple , hand - in - hand , be try to peek inside . young guy see , it 's we honeymoon and we just want to have one dance here . young girl so I can tell everyone back home . please ? one dance ? clark and lacy be behind they . the bouncer spot lacy and push the couple out of the way . bouncer good evening , miss warfield . he scowl at clark . clark I be with . . . she . he hurry inside after lucy . 122 int . metro club loud , pack , glitzy -- sensory overload . 123 back to clark and lacy she guide he through the frenzy . they have to talk loudly to hear each other . clark ( be polite ) I have never be in a place like this before . lacy this be metropolis after hour ! this be what you will be write about . c'mon , let 's dance . force they way onto the dance floor , they start dance . but it 's so crowded , clark be bump and jostle incessantly . as be everyone else . but clark be the only one who stop and say , ' Excuse I ' every single time . continued 123 continued lacy ( finally ) Clark ! ( he stop dance ) they get the idea . now a Don Johnson surrogate cut in on clark . clark back away sheepishly . 124 ext . metro club - front door clark squeeze between the two bouncers . clark be right back . need some fresh air . the bouncers just shrug . clark look up and down the block . he spot the young couple stand forlornly at the end of the long line . clark walk calmly the other way until he turn the corner . take a deep breath ... and then ... 125 effect : zoom ! one long blur as we track clark around the block , speed beyond human perception . 126 the end of the line - the young couple they be there . and then they be not . 127 ext . metro club - front door the two bouncers lean against either side . they only feel a sudden shot of air . 128 int . metro club - on the dance floor the young couple suddenly find themselves right in the middle of they dream . they be too stunne to move . clark act as if he be just pass by . he lean over . clark I believe you be suppose to dance . the nod and start dance . lacy obviously unhappy with the Don Johnson clone . now the music change . it 's romantic and bluesy . the floor empty out except for a few couple . include the out - of - towner . 130 clark cut back in clark remember I ? clark take she hand . clark ( cont . ) I think this go here . he put she hand on he shoulder . they dance in the ballroom position . lacy do not tell I . you learn to dance at church social . clark actually , I have a crash course from my mother the night before my prom . clark and lacy dance the old - fashioned way . lacy my prom be so boring . we all fly to Paris the next day to recover . . . sometimes my whole life seem boring . I thing maybe I should just give everything away and go live among the poor people . then I remember how smash I look in sable . . . oh , it 's all so confusing . you think I be silly , do not you ? clark no ... metropolis be a confusing place . back in smallville -- my hometown -- everything be more simple . people would sacrifice everything just to lend a help hand . lacy that 's not what we be teach . ' look out for number one ' -- that 's daddy 's golden rule ... he always end up with the gold . the out -of-town young couple be dance with they eye close . they bump into clark , shove he closer to lacy . a moment of intimacy , then . . . lacy ( cont . ) I bet you have some freckle - face , pig-taile girl name billy Jean wait for you in smallville . continued 130 continued clark oh . . . no , there 's no one back home . lacy what about here ? clark well , my career take up a lot of my time . lacy do not tell I you be wait for lightning to strike . Wide -ey romantics be a endangered species . clark that sound kind of pessimistic . lacy no , realistic . there 's no magic in the world . Girls just do not get sweep off they foot anymore . she be sincere and clark be obviously touch by she sadness . 131 angle - ground level clark and lacy , toe to toe , a forest of dance foot around they . and then , ever so slightly , lacy be shoe leave the ground with clark . just a inch above -- but they be nevertheless dance on air . 132 close on lacy close eye for a moment . then shake she head . lacy I feel kind of light -headed . . . clark ( gently ) do not worry , I have get you . 133 ext . front door - the two bouncers stand at the door be the nuclear man . he 's dress in what can only be call a psychotic version of hip . his hair have be stand up on end . one bouncer you get a pass , mister ? nuclear man ( smile ) n- n- n- no . . . the other bouncer give he a little shove . second bouncer then scram , before you scare away the customer . the nuclear man look down at where the bouncer shove he . then he reach out and lift both bouncers by they neck . we can hear the crack of bone . with ease , the monster throws the bouncers . . . whoosh ! the two body crash land in a dumpster behind the club . 134 inside the metro club lex's creature be dazzle by the light . the club dj hit the strobe light turn all the guest into pulsing image . the nuclear man bump into dancer , knock over drink , collide with waitress , upend they trays . a walk disaster zone . 135 a hip guy carry two drink have they knock out of he hand by the monster . he turn and throw a punch at the beast . the nuclear man catch he fist . crunch ! he crush it . 136 by a pillar the nuclear man hold on and switch to he x-ray vision . 137 nuclear man be p.o.v . - across the club scan the crowd until he sweep by . . . 138 nuclear man be p.o.v . - clark and lacy Dancing , have a delightful time . 139 zeroing in on lacy - monster be p.o.v. he filter out everything in the club but she . amendment no.4 ( pink ) revise : 11 - Sept - 86 139 coninued close on he face - the loathsome creature experience something he do not quite understand . but zing go the string of he prefab heart . he 's transfix on lacy . woman' voice ( o.s. ) hey , cutie , let 's boogie . the nuclear man turn to see a over - the-hill woman , completely sauce , squeeze into spandex pants , flirt . woman I like the rugge type . she slip she arm around he . whisper in he ear . woman ( cont . ) you with anyone ? ( as he do not respond ) come on , big boy . let 's slip away to my place . thoroughly confuse , he watch as she take he big hand and pull he out of the club . 140 ext . the metro club - night the nuclear man and the drunken woman weave through the crowd . she yank he along into the alleyway that run beside the club . 141 in the alleyway - night lover in silhouette . she stumble up against he and undoe he shirt . 142 on he chest thoroughly repulsive , crackle and smoking . the woman scream . 143 int . club dance floor - clark and lacy lacy be try to figure out how clark feel about she . lacy I know a romantic spot we can go for a nightcap . I 'ii go get my purse . do not disappear ! ( note : dialogue change necessary ) amendment no.4 ( pink ) revise : 11 - Sept - 86 144 close on clark use he superhearing , he detect the distant scream . with difficulty , he disengage himself from lacy , hurry off the floor and re-emerges as superman . 145 ext . alleyway - night superman round the corner as the woman run past and he see : 146 the nuclear man stand at the far end of the alley - near the parking lot . 147 closer on nuclear man he throw a huge garbage skip , which catch superman unawares and knock he down . superman push the skip aside and pursue nuclear man round the corner . 148 close on superman nuclear man be fist thump he in the mouth : caught unawares again . 149 ext . car park - night a massive fight ensue among the park car until finally 150 on the sidewalk nuclear man wrench a lamppost from the sidewalk and bring it down onto superman , who effortlessly catch the other end , swing it violently round and round and let go . 151 ext . metropolis STREET - night nuclear man sail through the air . 152 ext . metropolis STREET - night nuclear man arc above the building . 152a close up transformer 152b nuclear man Hit the transformer with a tremendous impact and : amendment no.4 ( pink ) revise : 11 - Sept - 86 152c effect : fizz , crackle , whoomph the night be tear apart by a dazzle pyrotechnic display . 153 back to superman by the electricity pole he look up at the wreckage of the electricity pole and down at the smoking ash all that be leave of nuclear man 154 int . lex's lair - night lex watch in disgust as lenny carry the remnant of the monster into the laboratory . 155 close on the remnant the last trace of nuclear man . or at least what be once the nuclear man . lenny superman break you monster , uncle lex . lex I must have miscalculate . how . . . lex flop into a big leather chair . rub he eye . lex ( cont . ) obviously normal radiation do not generate enough mutant power in the cell . I need a great source of energy ! if I could bake the genetic . material in the core of the sun . . . ( a moment of excitement , then he sit back ) . . . impossible . even I have no way to reach the sun . 156 close on the ash the still smoking evidence of lex be mistake . lenny poor uncle lex . 157 ext / int . warfield llmousine - day a stretch mercede . 158 backseat - warfield and lacy warfield ( pat she hand ) bring the kid who write the letter to metropolis will be we great publicity gimmick . and it be you idea ! perhaps it 's time to discuss give you free reign at one of my papers . . . miss publisher ! warfield expect a big reaction . but lacy be stare out the window , something else ' on she mind . mumble aloud . lacy who do Clark Kent think he be anyway ! he never even say good night ! warfield Clark Kent ! you socialize with he . . . a . . . reporter ! lacy ( snap to : she 's say too much ) oh . . . no . . . I mean , we just go dance . . . for a story . . . warfield ( a lecture ) you grandfather have one iron rule that 's stand I well . never fraternize with the help . keep too you own station . be I clear ? lacy nod , chastise . 159 ext . metropolis airport - day a private jet landing . on the side : warfield Publications . 160 ext . the jet parked - stair at the door a crowd of reporter have gather . the door open and jeremy descend the stair . wait below for he be warfield . a bank of microphone have be set by a podium . warfield usher the scared boy up to the crowd . he let the photographer get a few shot in , then step to the mike . warfield go ahead son . tell the american public what you tell I . jeremy ( softly ) I just say . . . SNAP ! he 's distract by the photographer . jeremy ( cont . ) . . . I just say I wish superman would have say ' yes ' . . . 161 insert : snapshot - jeremy - freeze frame : which spin like a pinwheel . . . blur into . . . 162 front page - DAILY planet scream headline -- ' superman to kid : drop dead . ' lois ( v.o. ) this time he 's go too far . 163 int . CITY room - day jimmy , lois , and clark be stare at the latest edition . clark be heartbroken . perry charge through . he look more well turn - out than we have ever see he double - breast pinstripe suit . he carry the papers under he arm . perry I be through take it lie down . he storm out . stop . stick he head back in . perry ( cont . ) if anybody want I . I will be down town . then he 's go . continued 163 continued jimmy do the Chief look different to you ? lois he look like my dad do every time he go to the bank to try and borrow money . she notice clark stare intently at the headline . she cross to he . lois ( cont . ) Clark , there 's nothing any of we can do . it 's superman 's decision . I be sure he know what he 's do . clark take the paper and eye fix on the headline , walk out of the city room . continued on next page amendment . no : 6 ( pink ) revised 24 - sep -86 164 int . DAILY planet hallway - day clark be walk one way when warfield and he croney come the other way - escort jeremy . he seem bewilder by it all . 165 clark and jeremy pass each other after a few step , they both stop . jeremy turn to look back at clark . clark offer a smile . warfield and he entourage pass on around the corner . jeremy approach clark . jeremy ( curiously ) do I know you ? clark ( a beat , then ) I be Clark Kent , one of the staff reporter . jeremy ( whisper nervously ) do you know superman ? clark adjust glass , put he hand in he pocket . clark yes , I be acquainted with he . clark can see in jeremy' eye a terrible confusion . clark move closer . clark ( cont . ) be there something you want , to tell he , son ? jeremy ( softly ) just tell he I do not mean to cause he trouble . tell he not to listen to what all this papers be say . I just want he to do what he think be right . clark be move . he put a arm on jeremy' shoulder . clark do not worry . I be sure superman care a lot more about what 's in one boy 's heart than all the editorial . amendment . no : 6 ( pink ) revised 24 - sep -86 166 close on clark he 's make up he mind . 167 closeup superman soaring through the stormy height of the upper atmosphere . gale force wind whip he cape . 168 ext . the arctic - day the blue-white world of freeze seas and perpetual daylight . superman glide toward what seem to be glacial mountain , dazzle in reflect light . 169 superman land he stand for a moment at the base of icy peak . his thought racing . finally , he stamp he foot against the freeze tundra . the ground shake and shiver rumble through the ice . thunderous echoe resound . 170 the snow -covered mountain respond to the pound tremor . snow begin to shake loose , snow down , revealing the glimmer surface of the fortress of solitude . 171 int . fortress of solitude - day superman stand in the centre of the great cavern . smooth glaze wall surround he . the green crystal contain the history of krypton give off emerald light that dance about the ice palace . 172 closeup superman he touch and activate the crystal . 173 superman be p.o.v . - 360 degree all around he the wall come alive with the distort sound and image of the past . ( footage from superman I to be intercut ) 174 the planet krypton from outer space as the cataclysm overwhelm it . one small rocket escape this fiery apocalypse . the planet explode . disintegrate before we eye . 175 superman' reaction as the terrible fate of he natural home play once more . 176 closeup - superman wonder if he decision now might have the same effect . around the cavern , the light and voice soften until they be no more than a polyphony of sigh and a fantasy of color . superman I know I have be forbidden to act , but now the Earth await a fate as terrible as krypton 's . a beat , and then . . . the great cavern erupt in thunderous cacophony . sonic vibration send superman fall to he knee . another image appear before he . 177 the planet earth a celestial garden across the universe from krypton . the voice of the elder that once argue with jor - EL now assault he son . one voice the earth be too primitive . you can flee to new world where war be long forget . second voice if you teach the world to put its fate in any one man -- even yourself -- you be teach they to be betrayed . . . the word ' betrayed ' echoe as the image disappear . the bright sunlight of the northern world flood into the fortress . superman you have teach I well . . . but sometimes there be more to learn from child than the wisest of man . 178 ext . sidewalk cafe - metropolis - day a eastside trendy bistro catering to the gold card crowd . lois and lacy at a outside table . lois the notion that you father would stoop low enough to attack superman just to sell more papers . . . lacy cut she off . her mind be elsewhere . lacy I know I be not exactly a girl scout but . . . maybe if I show he I be try . . . he will like I . lois ( off balance ) who ? lacy Clark . he 's late again . ( frustrated ) I can not figure he out . lois that 's because there 's nothing to figure out . now will you please pay attention . I be not through insulting you father . lacy lois , have you ever fall for a guy and he 's not like other guy . . . he 's different . it 's like you come from two different world . a major chord sound in lois be heart . lois ( dreamy ) and you heart beat faster just think about he . lacy right . . . you want to tell he how you feel . . . continued 178 continued lois ( wistful ) but he 's never there . lacy ( sister in arm ) why , lois , I do not know . . . who be he ? SOUND : crash ! a waiter drop a tray of glass . the girl turn to look . waiter ( french accent ) look , up in the sky . . . it 's . . . lois follow he gaze . lois ( softly ) superman . . . 179 p.o.v . - above the tall building - superman descend between the concrete canyon of metropolis . Flying lower and lower until he hover just above the traffic . 180 ext . CITY STREET - day traffic be stop . pedestrian suddenly forget they business obligation . all eye look up towards . . . 181 angle up - superman float overhead . he 's look for ' something or someone . 182 closeup - a hot dog with relish jeremy be poise at a sabrett stand , hold the wiener to he mouth . the flash of a camera . jimmy olsen step forward . jimmy get it ! ( look around ) Mr. warfield say he want picture of you with lot of local color , but I can not think of anything else really special . 183 jimmy p.o.v . - through the camera superman step into the frame . jimmy ( stunne ) what a scoop ! superman put he arm around jeremy . jimmy snap the picture . superman would you mind take a walk with I ? jeremy absolutely ! script continue on next page amendment no. 11 ( pink ) revise : 30 - Oct -86 184 front angle tracking - superman and jeremy they stride forward along the busy metropolis street . in they wake a hundred double - take , astonished glance . jimmy run along , take picture . a few curious onlooker begin to follow superman . he never vary he pace . eye forward . across a busy intersection . horn blare in recognition . the crowd swell behind he . he look up . 185 superman be p.o.v . - a hundre flagpole - at the U.N. the flag of the nation . every colour and every pattern imaginable . they lead in a straight row along the river . superman quicken he step . jeremy keep up . the crowd now spill over into the street . police be rush in to control the excited throng . a volkswagen car force its way through . lois be drive . 186 lois and lacy jump out of the car . start to push they way through the crowd . 187 int . U.N. lobby - day superman continue he march across the gleam marble floor . two U.N. patrolmen , one chinese , one swedish , stand guard at the door to the assembly . they turn to see superman lead a small army of citizen behind he . chinese patrolman ( to he partner ) I do not think he have a pass . swedish patrolman I do not think he need one . the patrolmen OPEN the door to the assembly . superman turn to jeremy . superman would you mind wait for I in the visitor 's gallery ? jeremy ( still overwhelm ) n-no ... I mean ... you bet . superman step past the patrolmen and enter . 188 int . U.N. general assembly on the podium , the speaker abruptly stop he harangue . the secretary general , a pakistani woman , wear a sari , stand up . around one by one , delegate turn they head . some drop they translator earplug . 189 down the CENTER aisle - superman walk slowly , humbly down the slope step . the hall fall silent . country by country , delegate rise from they seat . 190 at the podium superman look up at the secretary general . superman Madame Secretary , I represent no country . May I address the delegate ? secretary general ( fight to stay calm ) yes , well ... you need a sponsor . superman turn to the delegate . a beat , then all they hand go up . secretary general ( smile ) I believe that will do . please . she hold out she hand to the mike . superman walk to the stair of the podium . 191 up in the gallery reporter be scramble for the available seat . jeremy look lose . someone grab he arm . lois come with I . jeremy this be intense ! continued 191 continued she pull he up front where lacy and jimmy olsen have wrestle front seat in the balcony . lois gaze down at the extraordinary spectacle . lacy ( whisper ) what 's he go to say ? lois ( mesmerize ) something . . . wonderful . 192 from the podium - superman be p.o.v. he wait for the delegete to settle into they seat . before he be every race and every nation on Earth . he step forward and speak . superman for many year I have live among you as a visitor . I have see beauty in you many culture and I have feel joy in you many accomplishment . . . I have also see the folly of you war . . . 193 pan the hall men in dashikis and woman in chador , visitor with young infant , bureaucrat and house staff -- all rapt with attention . superman . . . as of today , I be no longer a visitor . ( a beat , he voice grow stronger ) the Earth be my home too . we can not live in fear . I can not watch you stumble into the madness of nuclear destruction . so I have come to a decision . . . 194 on the visitor's gallery jeremy lean forward . lois and jimmy clasp hand . superman I be go to do what you government have be unable to do . . . I will rid we planet of all nuclear weapon . 195 the general assembley a second of lag time as the translation be make . then the delegate leap to they foot in wild cheer . 196 visitors balcony the civilian applaud , many in tear . lois put she finger to she mouth to whistle . jimmy and lacy hug . jeremy ( rebel yell ) all -right ! script continue next page amendment no. 2 ( pink ) revised 11 - aug-86 197 ext . beneath the pacific ocean great school of fish ride the cold current of the planet 's deep sea . 198 a nuclear submarine - U.S. S. melville : stock shot cruise silently into view . another hunter of the deep . 199 ext . the surface of the ocean - day : stock shot . small whitecap decorate the endless blue-green sea . balmy cloud move by . 200 a white bubble : stock shot of turbulent water suddenly form , send sharp wave off around it . 201 breaking the surface : stock shot seawater steaming from its hot exhaust , a missile rise into the air . 202 ext . sky / space - superman he react to the missile and turn toward it . 203 int . U.S. submarine a grey-haire commander stand over a sailor check the radar screen . 204 ext . pentagon - day - establishing : stock shot 205 int . pentagon - war room the secret command center . a large group of senior officer , civilian official . and congressman watch . . . 206 a electronic screen one half blue , the other red . superimpose be row of small missile -- thousand -- against the grid of a graph . 207 close on the screen two blip converge - one represent superman , the other the polaris missile . all head in the room turn to watch . amendment no. 2 ( pink ) revised 11 - aug-86 207a ext . space superman catch the rocket , extinguish the engine , and guide it away . 207b int . U.S. submarine still watch the radar screen . sailor he 's get it , sir . congratulation ! the sailor shake hand with the commander while the crew cheer . 207c int . pentagon - war room a silver - haire senator turn to the uniform chief of staff senator so far , so good . ( shake he head ) it will take even superman a long time to dispose of this arsenal . chief of staff let 's just make sure he do not leave one side with few souvenir . senator ( snap ) I trust superman . chief of staff so do i. but . . . he 's the only person I do trust . 208 ext . snowscape - russia - day a Soviet missile launcher flanke by crew on foot and with its attendant control move into view and come to a halt . 209 missile launcher member vehicle the crew prepare for the launch . 210 rising from the launcher a nuclear missile . it tremble , almost like slow motion . amendment no. 2 ( pink ) revised 11 - aug-86 211 long shot - launcher a fiery burst and then the dread contrail arc across the sky over the freeze landscape . 211a int . pentagon war room - electronic screen again the two blip converge . 212 space superman ride the deadly Soviet missile , guide it out of the atmosphere . the first step of he long peace mission . 213 looking down from the stratosphere we can see the outline of Russia on the curve of the Earth 's horizon . a white dot grow larger rapidly until we identify superman and he heavy load . 214 ext . space and giant steel net superman guide the missile into a vast net construct of steel hawser which be float in space and fill to capacity with the world 's nuclear missile . he dump the missile with the other and close the net . 215 moving into frame - the SUN the yellow star in the sky source of life on Earth , be actually a tremendous concoction of nuclear fusion . great tentacles of fire roar off its surface . storm of a billion megaton force bubble in its core . 216 ext . space with a great effort superman whirl the huge net around and around and unleash it . the net grow smaller and smaller on its path to the sun . we lose sight of it for a beat . then , one vibrant orange explosion tell we it have be destroy . superman hover for a moment , and then turn for home . 217 int . metropolis tower - lex's lair - day a God 's eye view of the city . just the way lex like it . 218 three men stand around a table , eyeing each other with suspicion and fear . amendment no. 2 ( pink ) revised 11 - aug-86 219 the door open all three men pull out small revolver and point they at . . . 220 lex luthor hand go up , a smile of seduction come on . lex Nice to see you too , gentleman . if we can just relax , I will get start with the introduction . the three reluctantly put away they gun and take seat . now lex put on the charm . the men eye lex warily as he stroll around the table and rest he hand on harry howler , a fidgety porcine intellectual . lex ( cont . ) from the land of the free and the home of the cost overrun , let 's welcome Harry howler , nuclear strategist for America 's top think tank and a great warmonger in he own right . . . lex now move around to dubois , a impeccably dress , silver - haire gentleman . lex ( cont . ) . . . and next , a hearty bienvenu to Jean - Pierre dubois , nuclear warhead dealer to the world . his motto ... " if you do not buy it from Jean Pierre , you do not buy it on the black market " . . . third be romoff , a bushy - eyebrow Soviet General in full uniform . lex ( cont . ) . . . we third guest have a bad rap for always try to drag he country into war . some people like to call General romoff the mad Russian , but to I he 's just . . . eccentric . SOUND : bam ! a loud retort off screen and romoff jump up , pull out a baretta from he pocket . the other dive under the table , draw they own gun . romoff if this be a CIA trap , you will never take I alive ! continued 220 continued lex look to the door and frown . lex ( point ) my nephew lenny be learn the drum . ( he go to romoff and take he gun ) gun do not kill people -- people kill people . look , I know you be all a little choke up right now ( saunter by each man ) . . . overcome by the joy of know that superman be end the arm race . . . think of it , dubois , you can finally retire . you can go into something nice like home appliance . there 's a real mark - up in dishwasher . . . the guest have slouched low in they chair . howler get to the point . lex open he arm . his smile can only be call devilish . lex the point be that I , lex luthor , the great criminal mind of the modern era , have discover a way to destroy superman ! SOUND : bam ! on lex be last word , the room be drown with the pound of the world 's worst drum solo lex ( cont . ) ( keep he smile ) oh , lenny . . . ? ( louder ) lenny ! ( sigh ) any of you guy have teenager at home ? ( scream ferociously ) leonard ! continued 220 continued the drum stop . sound of run . lenny skid into the room , hold a pair of drumstick . lex hold out he hand . lenny be a forlorn teenager as he stand over the stick . lex break they in half . lenny gee , uncle lex , I be just get to the good part . lex get the box , nephew . lenny run out . dubois ( icy ) I warn you , luthor , if you have drag we here just to tell we you possess a piece of kryptonite . . . romoff we have all try to use kryptonite before . lex throw up he hand . lex do not the word ' genius ' mean anything this day ? ( he open the curtain ) behold , my unscrupulous friend . . . 221 out the window a spectacular view of metropolis be barely visible for the blind ray of the SUN in the sky . howler Close the curtain . the sun be hurt my eye . lex of course it be . do you know what the sun be ? why it 's just one huge nuclear bomb . a bomb with enough radiation to incinerate a average man like . . . ( he snap he finger ) that . continued 221 continued howler but superman be not a average man . lex ( act offended ) and what be I ? a shriner ? no , if you will join force with I , together we can make the world safe for war profit again . romoff ( bite the hook ) what be you plan ? lenny run back in carry a glass case in rest the petri dish of genetic material . lex boy , old lex have a secret recipe in this dish . . . call it a genetic stew . you help I place it on one of you missile and I promise you . . . if superman throw it into the sun , he will get the biggest surprise of he life . I will be able to introduce superman to he first nightmare . . . a nuclear man ! howler and this so-called . . . nuclear man. . . of yours can defeat superman ? lex do people die in italian operas ? gentlemen , if all go to plan nuclear man will return from the sun with power awesome enough to do what none before he have ever be able to . . . pierce superman 's skin . he will be mortal , he will get sick . . . and we will dance on he grave . dubois ( apprehensive ) why should we make a deal with a notorious scoundrel like you ? continued amendment no.3 ( pink ) revise : 29 - aug-86 lex do not !... then the world will have eternal peace and you boy will have to find day job . just remember , the more fear we make , the more loot you take . as long as the world hang on the brink of war , the good life be available to every criminal . . . regardless of race , religion or natural origin ! lex have deliver he holy creed . howler and what do we get out of it ? lex ( go to the window ) if my plan work , gentleman , I will just take a tiny commission . . . something . . .appropriate . . . a number with a lot of zero after it . 222 ext . fort mason - day shoot down onto : the doorway of a gigantic hangar . a figure come out . 223 closer on the figure a U.S. AIR force general , sport a moustache , military cap pull down over he eye , pause to light a cigar . 224 top shot cigar light , the general resume walk forward - to be follow out of the hangar by a massive missile transporter . the general enter a bunker . 225 int . bunker - day the general join a second general stand with other officer at the observation slit to see : 226 there p.o.v . - through slit - missile transporter the giant transporter with its deadly cargo lumber slowly past . 226a int . bunker - day the general raise they binocular . amendment no.3 ( pink ) revise : 29 - aug-86 226b ext . bunker . day the transporter continue on its way . 226c close on missile - binocular matte - day the general be p.o.v. - a mysterious box attach to the side of the missile . 226d ext . runway - day the transporter rumble away down the runway . reaching the end it raise the missile . 226e ext . bunker - day the general , binocular raise , look out from the bunker . 226f int . bunker - day the , order be give to fire . 226g ext . runway - day the missile be launch . 226h int . bunker - day the two general . watch . one lower he field glass . it 's howler . howler ( whisper nervously to the general we follow into the bunker ) I get you payload on this missile . this be the only chance we will have for superman to throw it into the sun . the other general lower he binocular . it 's lex . he obviously enjoy be disguise in military garb . lex stop shiver . everything 's work perfectly . 227 superman in space interrupt the missile and guide the deadly load towards the sun . amendment no.3 revise : 29 - aug - 86 ( pink ) 228 with a mighty heave - superman throws the missile across space . it spiral towards the fiery furnace . smaller and smaller until it plunge into the nuclear soup . 229 superman turn to leave a beat , then the SUN flare behind he . in the deathly silence of the chemical chain reaction , luthor be experiment erupt . 230 superman' p.o.v. he gaze back toward the sun . nothing seem amiss . he circle the Earth and head for metropolis . 231 zooming back to the SUN - we watch the furious tentacles of flame flicker , once , twice , then tear away from the young star . 232 the flame in space - spin into a shape in the terrible pang of birth , something form , something human in morphology , awaken to its own existence . 233 tumbling toward earth as it fall it shed its gaseous cocoon , finally explode apart . it be bear . . . 234 the nuclear man reborn we examine it as it examine itself . its rippling sinew glow with the heat of atomic fusion . on he chisele face be a demonic scowl . 235 closer the creature be magnificent ! illuminous . and much more frightening than the original creature . 236 closeup : nuclear man' eye they suddenly glow bright red , like two searing hot coal embed in flesh . then they cool down and return to normal . 237 new angle : the nuclear man be p.o.v . - the earth he circle wildly as if angere by something or someone . then he shoot for earth with a roar that he breathes out in wave of fire . 238 int . metro sport club - day a state of the art fitness centre for the young and affluent . 239 a aerobics CLASS we see the mirrore reflection of row and row of young man and woman do bouncy calisthenics to a disco trash beat . moving down the rows we spot lacy in happy sync with the class . next to her we pick up clark kent -- in a baggy sweatsuit that both obscure he physique and , with he glass , make he look more appropriate for remedial education . he 's perpetually one beat behind . suddenly the whole class turn to the right . clark turn leave . then clark turn right and they turn leave . clark ( to lacy ) maybe I should sit this one out . lacy do not give up . this be a perfect subject for you series on young metropolis . now let 's get that knee up ! 240 nautilus room - later lacy and clark and lot of lithe body on the weight machine . lacy sit down at a overhead pull bar and count off a quick 10 . lacy now you try , Clark . we will start you off with 60 pound . clark ( sigh ) if you say so . here go . he start to pull at the bar . strain he get it halfway down . then he lose he grip . it act like a catapult send clark off he chair and onto the floor . voice ( o.s. ) need some help ? continued 240 continued stand over clark be paul a blow - dry denizen of the club . tall , well - pump and proud as a peacock . paul give clark a hand up . speak to lacy . paul ( smirk ) I guess you friend do not know he own strength . he pull clark up . lacy Clark , this be Paul . paul lift a bar with four giant weight attach . paul ( to clark ) want to try this one , Clark ? clark I do not think so . he hand it to clark who immediately follow the bar to the floor . the whole room laugh at clark . paul no pain , no gain . paul walk away to continue he workout while lacy help clark up . lacy he 's a jerk . I never notice it before . seem like a lot of people I know be jerk . . . ( look up at he ) . . . maybe you think the same thing about I . that 's why you keep avoid I . clark I be not avoid you . I have be very busy and . . . I like you . . . I really do . continued amendment no : 7 ( pink ) revised 29 - sep -86 240 continued lacy pounce . lacy then prove it . lois be do a interview with superman about he peace mission . . . clark yes , I know . I be sure it will be a great story . lacy ( excited ) I will just invite they both to my hotel suite and we will have high tea . it 's very chic . clark be trap . clark ( stumbling ) gee , I do not think . . . lacy come early . the view be so romantic from my balcony . paul come over to have another joke at clark be expense . he test the large barbell . it will not budge . then tap clark . paul ( smirk ) could you hand I that weight , Clark ? they be very light . clark ( horrify ) I mean , lacy . . . lacy wave and run into the girl 's locker room . paul nudge clark again . paul well . . .! continued amendment no : 7 ( pink ) revised 29 - sep -86 240 continued distract , clark easily toss the heavy weight to paul who flip over backwards with it . crash into the floor , pin paul beneath it . clark no pain , no gain . 241 ext . metropolis tower - day a flash of light across the sky . here , then go . a SOUND : whoosh ! in the air . 242 int . lex's lair - day lex be pace back and forth . lenny strut back and forth in time with lex , ( carry a bundle of clothing ) . lenny hey , uncle lex , how 's the nuclear guy goin ' to find he way here ? lex oh Leonard . . . when I send the remain of my last experiment . . . lenny the one superman wreck up ? lex not how I might have put it , but , correct . the remain I send to the sun include the creature genetic memory . he will remember everything that he experience . not to worry . he will find he way back to I . ( suddenly stop ) do you hear that ? lenny you be spookin ' I out , uncle lex . lex ( he point o.s. ) there ! lenny literally jump behind lex . they squint and shade they eye . amendment no : 7 ( pink ) revised 29 - sep -86 243 int . vestibule - day they p.o.v. of nuclear man . he stand in a shaft of sunlight just inside the door lead to the observation deck . in this calm stage he look quite human . . . godly . . . bronze . . . muscular , and quite naked . lex and lenny move towards he . lenny hey ! he look . . . normal . lex he 's . . . beautiful . perfect . lex indicate the clothing that lenny carry . lenny cautiously pass the stuff to nuclear man and duck back behind lex again . lex ( cont . ) i. . . I be . . . I be incredible . ( to the beast ) welcome back home , nuclear man . you father be happy to see you . a less frightening nuclear man , now dress , seem to show a emotion the old creature could never have know - confidence . almost arrogance . lex first thing first . I want to give you a few test . check you reflex . lex prod the nuclear man casually with a steel ruler . 244 nuclear man ' S eye glow red with anger . the ruler melt against he skin . the nuclear man knock the deform ruler away . he hiss and he claw appear . lex I have not count on this but . . . ( it come - to he ) . . . of course - the power of the sun have give he internally generate heat . I be a ... continued 244 continued nuclear man ( slowly ) you be . . . lex ( help ) what ? a genius ? . . . a inspiration ? nuclear man you be . . . nothing . I be father now . lenny crack up . lex ( still the boss , step closer for a face to face confrontation ) hey ! just remember I make you . lenny you be just a experiment , freako ! 245 nuclear man his eye flick over to lenny , see he almost for the first time . he slowly raise he hand towards he . 246 lenny be stop dead in he track as if momentarily freeze . he shake he head and realize that he be slowly levitate . he float up halfway to the ceiling . 247 nuclear man gesture with he hand in a almost casual circular motion . 247a lenny spin and revolve as he be fly , slowly at first , around the room . lenny hey , no . . . amendment no : 7 ( pink ) revised 29 - sep -86 247b nuclear man with lex returns lex's stare as lenny circulate in b.g. nuclear man I be a experiment ? I be freako ? lex ( unconcern with lenny ) I make you , and I can destroy you . nuclear man toy with the word ' destroy ' . 247c lenny in full flight pass through shot several time . lenny ( pass one ) . . . I be just goof around really . . . ( pass two ) . . . if anybody 's a freako around here . . . ( pass three ) . . . it 's I ! 247d nuclear man with lex still eye to eye . nuclear man destroy . . ? destroy superman now ! we hear lenny crash to the floor o.s. lex you remember . you sweet thing , but not quite yet . come on inside , we will discuss the perfect way to do it . lex and nuclear man move out . amendment no : 7 ( pink ) revised 29 - sep -86 247e int . lex's lair - day lex enter the lair from the vestibule alone to find lenny recover from he crash . lex what be that about ? lenny do not you see it ? he lift I up and crash I down . lex hmm . . . nuclear levitation . now that 's a trick that could come in handy . during this lenny have be stare off towards the vestibule . he draw lex be attention to what he see . both look off at : 248 deleted 249 frozen just inside the doorway they p.o.v. nuclear man have stop in mid-step . he have step out of the shaft of sunlight into the shade . he be still immobile . lex and lenny move back to he , lex reach out and touch he . lex he 's . . . cold . . . lenny good . let 's hope he stay that way . lex think for a beat . lex ( figure it out ) of course ! that 's he one vulnerability . the one way he can be stop . lenny what ? lex just smile at lenny . continued 249 continued lex lenny , my loud-mouthed nephew , he get he power from sunlight ! in darkness . . . he 's like you . . . useless . 250 ext . time square - day the crowded metropolis intersection be dwarf by the huge electronic specticolor sign flash brilliantly color advertisement . 251 ext . metropolis hyatt HOTEL - day Glass elevator climb the hotel wall . 252 int . the warfield ' suite - day a table for four have be prepare by the window . lois check herself in the mirror . lacy hurry out from she room . she 's pour into a sexy dress . lacy ( excited ) this be just like a double date ! . . . how do I look ? she pirouettes . lois illegal . . . just like you look in the six other dress you try on . believe I , no matter what you wear , Clark will not notice . the doorbell ring . lacy Clark ! ( take two step , stop ) . . . but maybe it 's superman . lois slide open the balcony door . lois superman like to make a different kind of entrance . lacy answer the door . it 's clark kent . continued 252 continued lacy hi , Clark . clark ( distract ) hello , lacy . can anybody break a twenty ? the cabbie do not have any change . lacy ( disappointed ) . . . let I get my purse . she leave and clark wander into the dining room where lois be place a vase of rose on the table . lois ( matter of fact ) oh , hi , Clark . can you believe it ! warfield give I a list of question to ask superman . she hand a type piece of paper to clark . clark ( skim ) ' be you or be you not part of a plot to weaken we national defense ? ' lois it 's she father 's grey matter that 's weaken if you ask I . how can I ask superman such a dumb question . clark politely ? lacy come back in with she purse . lacy I have get eighteen dollar . . . and a gold card . lois lean over to clark . lois ( whisper ) she 's nut about you . notice she dress . continued amendment no.9 ( pink ) revise : 20 - Oct -86 252 continued clark ( to lacy ) . . . um , hey ! neat dress . lois roll she eye . clark never get the romance right . lacy should not you pay the cabbie ? clark oh . . . right. . . I will be back in a flash . he leave and the door be close . SOUND : whoosh . a beat and lacy re-open the door . 252a the corridor a flash of superman be red and blue turn the corner as lacy be head come around the door . lacy Clark ! clark return into she view . lacy hold out the forget taxi change which he take and exit . lacy exit close the door behind she . 253 lois and lacy walk back to the dining room , they hear the same whoosh out on the balcony . lacy what 's that ? lois we other dinner guest . superman walk in from the balcony . superman hi , lois . it 's be a long time . 254 close on lois her eye sparkle . and once again we be remind that no matter how tough , no matter how caustic , lois lane be at heart a romantic . and she heart will forever hold only one word - superman ! lois too long . ( beat ) superman , I would like you to meet lacy warfield . the boss 's daughter . lacy curtsy instinctively . superman very nice to meet you . that 's a lovely dress you be wear . lois well . . . I think I can start the interview without Clark . . . two be company . lacy I better fetch Clark . he 's probably help the cabbie change a flat tire or some other good deed ! superman react and lacy run out . he 's get to cover . lois take superman be arm . lois we will be more comfortable in here . they stroll into the main room . superman glance at the elaborate table . superman something smell wonderful . she sit next to superman on the sofa . very close . lois just a little duck and scallop in champagne sauce . . . in case we get hungry . . . later . 255 x-ray vision p.o.v. superman look into the kitchen , through the oven , where the dish cooking . use he x-ray vision , we see the food glow for a few second . he 's cooking it quickly . it 's he only chance to get lois out of the room . he smile at lois . superman I hope it be not too much trouble . she smile like a teenager with a crush . lois of course not . ( as superman hand she the reporter 's pad ) right , the interview . . . have you have any trouble confiscate the missile ? superman well , lois , there be always the chance that a few warpe individual who would take advantage of the world 's good will lois ( sniff ) oh , my God ! dinner ! do not budge , I will be right back . she run out of the room . superman smile . 256 int . lobby - the elevator - day lacy step off into the lobby , look for clark . 257 coming through the MAIN entrance clark kent , adjust he tie as if he just put it on . clark wave and hurry to she . lacy eye sparkle at clark , just like lois ' at superman . lacy I miss you . it be not any fun up there with just lois and superman . they be so boring . let 's go do something wild ! clark but they be expect we . it would not be polite . continued 257 continued she take he arm as they cross the lobby . lacy how can one man be so square and so delicious . very well . we will go back up and make chit-chat . but if I have to face superman , so do you . clark blanch as they reach . . . 258 the elevator the door open . the bellboy hold a dolly laden with baggage . lacy step onto the elevator . 259 closeup clark as he step on he hook he jacket sleeve onto the dolly . the bellboy push forward , take clark with he . clark oh . . . my . . . lacy ( as the door close ) Clark . . . ! 260 warfield ' suite lois be come out of the kitchen with a apron on . lois it 's funny . I have never have duck turn out so perfect , superman . . . superman ? . . . he 's not on the couch . a confuse moment . . . superman ( o.s. ) on the balcony . 261 lois walk onto the balcony she stand with superman , overlook the giant specticolor billboard . lois cherish a silent moment with he . lois the city look beautiful do not it ? superman turn to she eye and look directly into she eye . superman yes it do . very beautiful . we whole world be beautiful . lois ' voice tremble lightly . lois I think beauty be mean to be share . . . with someone you . . . love . she bite she lip as if ' to make sure she 's not move too fast . then the doorbell ring . lois sigh . superman they be back . lois unhappily go back inside . 262 front door lois open it and let lacy enter . lois where 's Clark ? lacy he be get on . . . and then this man with luggage and . . . oh , it 's a long story . lois it always be with Clark . continued 261 continued she close the door behind lacy . SOUND : ring . a beat , then the doorbell again . lois open it . it 's clark . clark hi . be dinner ready ? I be famish . lacy let 's sit down . they walk to the table . lois call out to the balcony . lois superman ! ( no answer ) I will get he . SOUND : crash - glass break . lois turn . clark have knock several dish on the floor and spill wine on he trousers . clark gee , I be really sorry . lacy no mind , it 's only antique irish linen . lois come over to help lacy . 263 low angle - they kneel to the floor we hear a whoosh . then two red boot appear between the girl . superman ( o.s. ) careful . do not cut yourself . now the girl hear clark be voice . clark ( o.s. ) I better go wash this off before the stain set . lois and lacy stand up . lacy now we can eat . only neither clark nor superman be there . lois now they be both go . this get ridiculous . 264 on the balcony - superman he 's stare intently at the giant electronic billboard . 265 on the billboard we see lex's face where there be advertisement . lex give a big smile lex ( sing ) ' some enchant evening you may see a stranger . ' ( smile ) look at I . I have finally make it to Broadway . do not worry , Blue Boy , you be the only one who can hear I . it 's my own frequency . think of it as lex t.v . 266 closeup superman listen with contempt . lex look to you right - tall , dark and handsome . 267 superman' p.o.v . - the metropolis tower - day lex I be about to blow twenty storey off -- give or take a floor or two . ( hold up two finger ) peace . the image fade and the billboard return to flash ad . 268 int . lacy suite lois be at the table set out salad dish . superman appear . superman I be terribly sorry , lois . but a emergency have arisen . please apologize to you guest . good night . he walk out to the balcony . lois ( run after ) wait ! . . . tell I . . . I will cover it ! 269 lois ' p.o.v . - superman streak past the pep. sign lois . bite she lip , disappointed . lacy walk out onto the balcony . lacy lois , have you see Clark ? 270 ext . metropolis tower - day superman circle the building cautiously , when . . . SOUND : pop ! the noise draw he down to the observation deck . wind buffet he cape . 271 stepping onto the deck - lex in a tuxedo holding a bottle of champagne . 272 face to face - lex and superman lex raise the champagne bottle . lex guess who ? it 's you old friend , lex . superman luthor , I suspect if you have actually plant a bomb you would be far away from here by now . lex silly I . how do I ever think I can fool the super guy . you be right , no bomb . I just know you be too busy with the world peace bit to make a social call . I confess . . . I trick you . hey , you look great ! superman put he hand on he hip , raise a skeptical eyebrow . superman if you have any social skill , you have learn they from a rattlesnake . just what be you up to ? continued 272 continued lex ( wag he finger ) know something ? you be a workaholic . a good guy 24 hour a day . stop and smell the rose sometime . take up a hobby . get a pet . . . a kitten or a puppy . . . superman it 's common knowledge you hate child and animal . why be you back in metropolis ? lex why ? because I want to be the first one to introduce you to a new kid on the block . 273 a blinding light begins to descend from the sky , float over the top of the skyscraper . superman turn to look as , landing on the deck , come the impossible vision of . . . 274 the nuclear man in all he terrible ferocity . he slowly rein in he energy as he body assume its most human appearance -- but not before the radiation from he skin melt the safety railing on the deck , as he eye glow red . 275 closeup superman quickly , he begin to analyze the creature use he x-ray vision . 276 back to nuclear man in all he virile glory , stalk a circle around superman . angle down -- the nuclear man be footstep - each step melt a footprint into the concrete . lex ( as superman scan nuclear man ) look closely at he cell structure . see anything familiar ? continued 276 continued superman you have break all the law of man , luthor . and now you have break the law of nature ! . . . I assume you must have hide a device in one of the missile I hurl into the sun ! lex applaud . lex you know , Mr. muscle , I will really miss this chat we have have together . now that Einstein be dead , you be the only one who could keep up with I . ( call out ) lenny ! 277 lenny run onto the deck carry two crystal glass . lenny ( to superman ) Boy , be you gonna get it . lex my nephew , Leonard . he worship I . ( offer superman a glass ) let 's share a toast to you . . . a nice guy who 's about to finish last . superman refuse the glass . lex I forget , you do not drink on duty . superman take a step towards luthor . behind he come the most terrible roar ever hear on earth . 278 the nuclear man eye g1ow again . he move toward superman . continued 278 continued nuclear man destroy superman ! lex wait ! not yet ! back ! nuclear man step back . lex ( cont . ) he 's anxious to start . can you blame he ? ( sotto ) he 's not one of we great thinker . nuclear man be eye flare in anger at lex . lex ( cont . ) but I . . . in all modesty . . . be . the really touch thing about this plan be that you help I devise it . superman you time in prison have twisted you into a delusionary state , luthor . lex no , no , listen . I escape with only one thing on my mind . . . the end of superman . nuclear roar and eye glow again . lex ( cont . ) be not he adorable ? -- there I be , just die , so to speak , to kill you . . . that 's all . for the first time in my life I have no long range truly devious criminal scheme . I suppose I think with you go , I could pull off anything . superman I be not go anywhere . lex I will ignore that . . . so , I create a monster who do not work nearly as well as I might have like -- you be clearly he better -- he need more energy , more power . continued 278 continued superman which explain why you send he organic matter to the sun . lex precisely . and then it come to I . my great ever plan . I make a deal with some minor league bad boy . arm dealer , renegade Generals , you know the type . with you go , we will make a fortune rearming the world . superman you would risk worldwide nuclear war for you own personal financial gain . lex nobody want war . I would just like to keep the threat alive . superman a mind be a terrible thing to waste , lex luthor . and you have waste yours on this foul monstrosity . I be take you in . 279 the nuclear man his eye and skin start to glow then actually turn molten . . . and thereby elastic . 280 he flare to twice he size his proportion distend horribly , as he body radiate a foul cloud of heat . flexing he fiery sinew he return to a normal human size . a display mean for superman . lex nifty , huh ? ( supping he champagne ) goodnight sweet Prince , parting be . . . inevitable ( to nuclear man ) now , destroy superman . nuclear man first , I have fun . 281 on superman - as the monster spring clench superman , the nuclear beast carry he backward and over the edge . . . 282 tumbling toward the ground a hundred storey . move in -- clasped in combat , superman see he adversary -- eye glow bloody red . 283 the nuclear man break away and streak off towards the West . superman stop he fall just above the sidewalk and fly off in pursuit of lex be beast . 284 heading west the nuclear man disappear over the horizon . superman start to close the gap . 285 closeup : superman - above the earth pass over the mountain and river of the Eastern United States . 286 coming into view - a STORM Dark purple cloud blow over the Ohio valley . lightning flare as the wind pick up . at least we think its lightning . . . 287 on the ground - a SMALL ohio town a cluster of home around a steeple church . the storm blow into the town . 288 out of the cloud what we see as lightning be none other than . . . 289 the nuclear man trail light . a eerie grin on he face , he start to circle through the churn storm . . . at impossible speed . . . churn and turn the storm into . . . 290 a funnel cloud that descend as a tornado into the town . 291 superman' p.o.v. the town will surely be destroy if he do not act . amendment no.5 ( pink ) revise : 15 - sept-86 292 a farmhouse a young family run from the house as the tornado batter its window and uproot its crop . the father , wife and two child fight the wind to reach a storm cellar . wife ( shouting above the wind ) where 's Jenny ! father ( panic ) she must still be in the house ! the young father try to return to the house , but he 's knock down by the wind . suddenly , he 's help up by . . . 293 superman landing by the house . father Jenny 's inside ! the tornado begin to lift the house off its foundation . superman fly into the eye of the tornado . he circle in the opposite direction of the twister -- faster and faster until he 's just a red blur . the tornado slow its rotation gradually . 294 the family watch as the tornado dissipate into a soft mist . the sun break through -- its warm light bathes the family . 295 superman step out of the house carry two -year- old jenny , he hand the child to she parent . on a distant hill stand the nuclear man -- he seem to be taunting superman . 296 superman fly off in pursuit of the nuclear man . 297 circle the globe pass the continent below . he 's gain on the monster as they pass over California . amendment no.5 ( pink ) revise : 15 - sept-86 298 the nuclear man turn towards superman and they grapple in space . superman land a tremendous blow and nuclear man plummet earthward into cloud . then he rocket below and disappear . 299 - 307 deleted 308 streaking out of the cloud , nuclear man . below be : 309 the great wall of china - day chinese and anglo tourist mill about , take and pose for picture , buy souvenir etc . 310 nuclear man' p.o.v. as he descend from the sky towards the great wall . 311 at the wall nuclear man arrive and begin he destruction . hurling stone and brick everywhere . 312 the tourist panic and scatter . 313 superman fly toward the scene . the nuclear man see he and start a barrage of stone and brick in the direction of superman . he hurl hundred of they , at super-speed , into superman be path . superman knock they aside and head for the wall . 314 a tourist running from the scene , slip and fall off the edge of the wall . superman fly in , catch she , and return she safely to she husband . 315 a blur of motion as superman , re-assemble the wall . in a moment , every brick and stone be back in place . he look up to see nuclear man fly away . he take off to follow . amendment no.5 ( pink ) revise : 15 - sept-86 315a ext . space superman catch up with nuclear man . they struggle and nuclear man try to scratch superman with he glowing fingernails . superman recoil , allow he adversary to escape earthward where he appear : 316 over a volcano which tower by a peaceful seaside town . nuclear man see the volcano and smile . first he eye , then he entire be , glow red . 317 he dive straight into the volcano 's mouth . a beat , then suddenly , a tremendous explosion - nuclear man come roaring out of the belching smoke , the deadly river of molten lava follow . 318 the town below as church bell start ringing , sounding the general alarm , townspeople look up to see the lava move down the slope towards they . 319 superman fly into view . he spy another mountain sit peacefully nearby . at super -speed he fly around and into it , as if he very body be a buzz see , cut the top off and fly it to the volcano . 320 like a cork he drop the mountain top , invert , onto the volcano , stop the flow of lava . 321 the townspeople cower in fear , as the lava , which do escape make its inexorable way down the mountainside . 322 superman blow he super -breath into the lava flow , freezing it in , place and take off once more in pursuit of nuclear man . 323 - 326-deleted amendment no.5 ( pink ) revise : 15 - sept-86 326a over the curve of the earth two contrail rise . 326b ext . space once more , they fight , nuclear man be fiery , glow claw reach for superman be face . superman start blow he icy superbreath . 326c nuclear man recoit as he hand freeze . now he , in he turn , blow ice- cold breath at superman who instantly start to freeze into : 326d a block of ice which slowly tumble away into space . 326e superman encased in the block of ice he eventually smashes free . 326f back over the earth superman continue the chase . 326g ext . red square - day . stock shot a big parade be in progress complete with military hardware , missile etc . 326h on the podium the politburo take the salute . 326i ext . sky over red squar - day nuclear man release a power bolt 326j on missile carrier the bolt zap the wheel and the carrier swing wildly off course so that its deadly missile point straight at the dignitary on the podium . at the very moment of impact , superman arrive and force the warhead away from the Russian leader . 326k ext . moscow skyline very wide shot - the two protagonist fly off right to leave . amendment no.5 ( pink ) revise : 15 - sept-86 326l above the cloud superman temporarily lose sight of he opponent who suddenly reappear and again try desperately to claw at superman be skin . with great effort , superman throw he off and he dive like a fireball down into the cloud . 327 the statue of LIBERTY nuclear man land at its base . read the plaque " send I you tired , you poor etc. " with disdain . he look up . 328 ext . sky over metropolis flying into frame - superman weaken , fatigue and hurt from the battle . he search above the street for nuclear man . 329 close on superman he hear something and look back . 330 he p.o.v. the empty plinth ! the statue of Liberty have disappear ! 330a superman react and turn . 330b over metropolis his p.o.v . - the statue of Liberty be propel through the air by nuclear man . 330c superman intercept nuclear man who drop the statue so that it fall towards the crowded city street . superman dive and catch the statue before it can hit the ground . 330D over metropolis superman fly the statue above the city back to its rightful place , when , suddenly : 330e on statue of LIBERTY and superman nuclear man appear through the observation door in the torch . superman be helpless , burden by the statue , as nuclear man close with he and pierce he skin with he claw . amendment no.5 ( pink ) revise : 15 - Sept -86 330f on nuclear man he break away . 331 on superman instantly weaken by the intense radiation , and in agony , superman just find the strength to replace the statue before tumble to the ground at the base of the statue . 332 closeup : superman he look up to see nuclear man . 333 one swift kick from the giant creature send superman off into the sky , up , up out of sight . 333a ext . space superman go right off the earth and out into space . 334 superman' cloak woven by ma kent from the blanket that shelter the baby kal - EL on he long journey from krypton - the cloak float down through the cloud . it come to rest on the point of the flame of the true Liberty . limp , flutter , a empty shell . 335 flash ! the image become a photograph on the front page of a extra edition of . . . 336 the DAILY planet with this impossible headline : be superman dead ? the three word the world think it would never read . amendment no : 6 ( pink ) revised 24 - sep -86 337 closeup lois she be read the black border edition . 338 new angle - she' on the phone clark ( v.o. ) . . . please leave you message at the beep . lois ( into phone ) Clark , it 's lois . this be the fourth message . I have leave . . . where be you ? she slam down the receiver . 339 the CITY room warfield be show off a special surprise to lacy . warfield I say you would get to run one of we papers yourself . and I mean it . ( kiss lacy ) well do . on the door behind they : lacy warfield - publisher lacy ( subdued ) that 's very . . . thoughtful daddy . now lois barge in between . she notice superman be crumpled cloak in a heap on the desk . lois ( flame ) this time you have both go too far . from now on you can print you rag without lois Lane . continued 339 continued she slam the paper at warfield and start out . she stop and grab superman be cloak . lois ( cont . ) and you sure as hell have no right to this ! she storm away . lacy start to go after lois . warfield darling , it 's good riddance . let she go . and while you be at it , fire that Clark Kent . he have not be here in day . he have not even call . lacy I know daddy . I be worried about he . warfield do not we have we little talk about personal involvement with the help ? now that you be the publisher . . . lacy ( interrupt ) daddy . . . ? warfield yes , darling ? lacy stuff it . 340 at the elevator lois pace impatiently . the door open to reveal a group of well dress conservatively dress businessman . first man Excuse I , can you tell I where we can find perry White ? lois ( protect perry ) who want to know ? continued 340 continued first man I be Bill compton from first metropolis Bank and this be George hendrick from metropolis trust . . . perry rush down the hallway , still dress in he " money " suit . perry gentlemen , gentleman , I have be expect you . right this way . he usher they down the hall . lois Mr. White . . . perry not now , lois . 341 int . pentagon war room - day the giant electronic screen show the missile stockpile almost deplete . the same silver - haire senator and the chief of staff be sit around the strategy table with thirty other colleague . 342 harry howler be at the other end . he 's shaking with nerve . six armed mp's stand guard around . . . 343 lex luthor cool and collect . senator Mr. howler , I will give you associate lex luthor one chance to explain why we should listen to he - a know international outlaw -- instead of throw he in jail forever . and investigate you . howler blanch . continued 343 continued lex ( take the floor ) a reason ' why '? . . . ( big smile ) superman trick you ! murmur around the table . lex ( cont . ) ( the showman ) Senator , I do not have to tell a smart man like you that ' world peace ' be a Communist plot ! how do you know that superman actually destroy everyone else 's missile ? ( real worry in the room ) because he tell you ? we do not even know if he 's really dead ? we do not really know if right at this very moment he be not take all you bomb out of a hide place and hand they over to the other guy . ( then closer ) I do not believe you want to gamble with the safety . . . indeed . . . the very existence of we country ! we all know you guy have some missile leave : the one superman do not get to yet . but be they enough ? ( he 's get they ) gentlemen , lex luthor be here to replenish you nuclear stockpile . at a very affordable price . it 's my way of say . . . forgive I . chief of staff Senator , if what he say be true , I must recommend we immediately go on full military alert . we have to watch the sky for any sign of a sneak attack . we can not afford not to heed Mr. luthor 's warning . luthor smile approvingly , as we . . . 344 ext . moscow - day Golden orthodox dome watch over the kremlin . 345 int . conference room - strict security general romoff sit arrogantly next to lex luthor . this table be dominate by party apparatchik and militaryofficers . romoff I be proud to call he comrade . lex stand . lex comrade , we all know ' world peace ' be a capitalist plot . . . 346 ext . paris - day look down on the eiffel Tower . 347 int . conference room - strict security dubois be seat next to lex . he kiss lex on either cheek . then turn to the gather of civilian and military man . dubois vive lex luthor ! 348 closeup : a phone the phone ring . the answer machine click on . we hear clark be message , then : lois ( v.o. ) Clark , it 's lois . I be get a little tick off . this be positively my last call . where the hell be you ? 349 on clark - int . clark apartment - day he listen , unable to move . he be dizzy , shake . he look around , everything be out of focus . clark look at he pierce hand , touch it , then collapse on the floor . 350 a mountain of cash in figure beyond the wildest imagination . pile neatly on a table inside . . . 351 int . lex's lair lex luthor sit across from howler , dubois and romoff . wait politely as they huddle . finally , the three villain turn to lex . howler lex , we all appreciate how you have support we lately and . . . uh . . . in recognition of you hard work we have decide to increase you commission to 12 percent . lex ( mock ) gee guy , that 's swell of you . but ( now he tone become deadly ) . . . I have get another idea . he snap he finger . 352 walking into the room : the nuclear man wave of heat shimmer around he menace body . lex stand . his word sound like command . he move to the pile of money and fondle it . lex gentlemen , I have decide to assume full control of all you operation . as my first official act . . . you be fire . and . . . accord to my calculation , you share of the profit come to . . . he pause to do the calculation mentally -- mumble number , percentage . ( " carry the five , " " move the decimal point over two place , " etc . ) lex . . . in round number . . . nada , Zero , Zip ! romoff you be mad ! lex snap 'his finger again . the nuclear man hold out he arm . lex take a cigar from he jacket and touch it to the nuclear man be hand , light it . romoff cower and run out . the other quickly follow . lex call after they . continued 352 continued lex ( puffing smoke ) if you need a reference while you be look for work . . . forget it . lex turn to nuclear man . lex Nice bit . you be good . with my brain and you , well , frankly , brawn , the possibility be staggering . I could be . . . Emperor , King ! do you see how scared that guy be ? nuclear man what do you fear ? lex me? now ? with superman dead and you on my team ? it 's like I be the coach and you be the best power forward ever . what could I have to fear ? nuclear man destiny . 353 int . clark apartment - day in the kitchen , clark splashes water on he face , drink as if he cannot quench he thirst . a SOUND startles he . someone be try to get in the front door . 354 int . apartmenthallway - day lois try to jimmy the lock with credit card . 355 the door open clark lois ? what be you do here ? lois study clark be pale face . her voice be full with compassion . lois be carry a small package , neatly wrap with brown paper and string . lois you be ill . I know it . continued 355 continued she lead he to the couch . feel he forehead with hand . put the package on the table . clark it 's just a bad flu , really . how do you know . . . lois ( steaming ) you have not be at work . . . you do not call the office . . . you do not even call I . how could you not call back ? she look at clark who sit helplessly . lois all right , whatever it be I be sure you have get you reason . but I know you be here . somehow , something pull I here . I have always know when . . . superman be in trouble . a beat , when we almost . expect clark to confess . clark ( resisting the desire to share he burden ) superman ? have something happen to he ? lois everyone 's say he 's . . . dead . but I know that be not true . I feel it in my heart . I think he just need help . clark ( a faint smile ) you know he so well . ( a beat ) but I be sure he will manage . . . wherever he be . 356 extreme close up : lois she decide to say what 's in she heart . lois but if he be not able to manage . . . if he really be in trouble , then I would want to tell he some thing . . . ( clark look at she ) . . . I would want to tell he that I cherish the time we spend together . and I never expect anything from he . even if I only see he for a few moment , it make I happy . and I would want to tell he that I love he and that I 'ii always love he . and . . . no matter what happen on this world , I know he try he best to help we . . . lois choke back tear . clark lift he tremble hand to she cheek . clark I know he would thank you , lois . a long moment of electricity , then . . . clark ( cont . ) . . . now if you will excuse I . . . I be very tired . . . just let I rest by myself . ( intense ) please , lois . lois know she have no choice . she nod . clark open the door for lois . 357 close on lois and clark she hug he as if it 's for the last time . lois ( fight back tear ) feel better soon , Clark . ( beat ) and if you should see he or hear from he . . . she point to the package she 's leave . lois ( cont . ) he might need that . she run off . clark go to the package and open it carefully , deliberately . the unmistakable red of superman be cape spill out . amendment no : 6 ( pink ) revised 24 - sept-86 358 the night sky over metropolis the sky sparkles with the freeze fire of a million star . 359 int . clark apartment - night clark stand at the mirror stare in disbelief . something be happen to he . 360 push in slowly his skin be wrinkle , hair grey . he be aging . he slowly hold up he hand , where he be scratch . 361 int . clark bedroom - night from the back of he closet , clark retrieve the energy module he take from the space capsule in smallville . 362 ext . the roof of the build - night close on clark : as he pass in and out of silvery pool of moonlight . he carry the module . 363 in brief flash - we see clark changing each time he face be illuminate it seem to be aging ! it be a subtle but melancholy effect . but mortality be raging through clark be body . with he last bit of strength he place the module on the ledge . he reach out to switch it on . a beat , then , a soft hum , musical , mesmerize -- begin , and a liquid GREEN light ' flow from the module . jor-el . . . all that remain of krypton 's energy . . . be yours . . . after it be go , you will belong solely to you new home . . . clark grip the concrete edge of the roof . stretch out below he , the city light flow and bleed into each other . jor -el ( cont . ) . . . if we die planet can save you life my son . . . we have not die in vain . . . 364 close on clark as he lose consciousness and be envelop by the heal light . jor - el' voice fade . . . forever . amendment no : 6 ( pink . ) revised 24 - sept-86 365 ext . the metropolis skyline - night against the moon drench sky . the top of clark be building glow green . then , it stop . all be silent . 366 int . lex's lair as the dawn light come through the window , hit . . . 367 the nuclear man stand statue-still in the center of the room . 368 closer angle as he eye pop open , he arm lose they rigidity , and he radioactive blood begin to circulate . he shake he head and yawn , though it be more like a growl . 369 closer on the nuclear man he notice the front page of the Daily Planet lie on the table . 370 insert - front page a attractive photo of lacy be caption ' new publisher for you favorite paper ' 371 the nuclear man his genetic memory kick in . this be the woman he fall in love with at the disco . his entire demeanor change as bold desire course through he . again , he eye glow red . he reach out gently to touch lacy be photo . the paper flare into flame . 372 lex enter knott a tie with he dress - for-success suit . lex ( camp counselor ) Morning , morning . we have get a heavy schedule . I want to show you off to a few world leader . we be expand into the insurance market . ( chuckle to himself ) I will insure they against you ! continued 372 continued lex sit down at the mountain of cash and begin to fondle the bill . lex I love the smell of money in the morning . 373 nuclear man his eye glow red and then . . . he shoot heat -vision at the mountain of cash and sets it aflame . lex howl in despair . lex stop ! I command you . . . you mutant ! nuclear man ( threaten ) I be master now . 374 lenny enter as the nuclear man breathes a tongue of flame to finish the job of incinerate the money . lex can not help himself . he draw out a handkerchief to dab away tear . nuclear man wait for my return . I will bring back the girl . 375 he goe to the window and fly off 376 lenny run to lex lenny gee uncle lex , I think you could control that nuclear guy ! you make a significant screw - up , huh ? lex sift he hand through the ash of he money . lex shut up , Leonard . 377 int . DAILY planet - day warfield be argue with lacy in she office . warfield ( bellow ) tone down we headline ? lacy , that 's all the common man read ! lacy I would just like to have a little less sensationalism . warfield less sensational papers go break . I think I teach you long ago the business of newspaper be business . lacy take a deep breath . challenge she father have become easier . lacy no , daddy . we business be journalism . we can not continue to be so irresponsible . . . or else we will just lead everyone into a disaster . warfield do not be over - dramatic , young lady . what kind of disaster could we help bring about ? a rumble sound o.s. and then the room shake . warfield and lacy exchange nervous look . 378 crashing through the wall - the nuclear man he seer a hole through the concrete and stand at he full rock - solid height , eye burn with the image of lacy . warfield oh my god ... what be it ? the nuclear man give what seem to be smile , then begin to walk towards lacy . lacy daddy . . . ! warfield try to stand between they but the nuclear man swat he away . he land unconscious against the wall . stay on warfield as o.s. we hear lacy scream . . . 379 int . lex's lair - day lex , lenny and lacy man be ' guest ' of the nuclear man . lex ( still try to retain control ) you know I be about out of patience . just say you be sorry , about the cash and . . . the nuclear man shoot lex a silencing look . in he face we see a arrogance that would suit lex himself . lex ( cont . ) ( sotto to lenny ) he 's start to get on my nerve . he turn back to nuclear man . lex ( cont . ) ( desperate ) . . . okay . forget that cash . we will get more . we have get everybody right where we want they -- sit on they bomb button . . . scan the sky . . . stare intently at they rocket screen . any little blip would set off war . full alert . the perfect environment to maximize profit . the nuclear man smile insidiously at lex . a idea begin to form . he turn to lacy . nuclear man I will return for you . he stroke she hair . a beat , then lacy slap he . his face glow red trace the impression on she hand . his eye glow red . lacy never ! nuclear man but first , I have fun . he smile again and step out onto . . . 380 ext . observation deck 381 pan down - the nuclear man he suddenly stand still . rigid . then he very skin start to change color . it glow white hot . until it take on a almost metallic sheen . press he arm at he side . . . 382 the monster change shape stretch himself until he have become . . . 383 a nuclear missile his head assume a conical shape . eye now focus to the sky . smoke spew from this live bomb . the nightmare of the nuclear age man and missile . lex be you crazy ? you will start a war . . they will be nobody leave except you . . . a beast . lacy step on the platform . lex understand . lex ( cont . ) . . . and a beauty . 384 the nuclear man - missile smile through he now metallic face . 385 lacy watch as flame erupt and the nuclear man / missile begin to rise into the sky with a deafen scream . 386 over metropolis the beast soar higher and higher on he evil mission . 387 lex and lenny watch . lenny we will all fry . lex this be not in the plan . lenny I think he have he own plan , uncle lex . 388 int . pentagon - the war room all eye be on the giant computer screen . watch for any unidentified object . a radar technician leap from he seat . he wear a headset . technician I have get something . the chief of staff along with the secretary run to the screen . 389 on the screen a blip begin move across the map . chief do we have identification ? technician it 's not ours . ( listen to he headset ) they say it 's not theirs either . the chief look at the other . navy can we risk launching ? army can we risk not launching ? 390 int . kremlin - strategy room Three Soviet general , be argue among themselves . first general what if it 's not theirs ? second general what if it be ! third general ( soberly ) we have not give ourselves any other choice . ( shake he head ) prepare to counter - attack . 391 back to lex's lair - lex , lacy , lenny lenny drag out two heavy suitcase to the elevator . lex be clear he desk . lex ( to lacy ) do not worry honey , I be sure he will make a swell husband . lenny ready , uncle lex ? lex if you need we we will , be five hundred foot underground wait for the nuclear winter to turn to nuclear spring . 392 the elevator door OPEN lenny gasp . lenny ( choke ) uncle lex . . . 393 stand with he arm crossed in the elevator be superman ! lex superman . . . but you be ... dead ! superman ( walk forward , back lex into the lair ) still have delusion , lex luthor ? lacy run to superman . lacy superman ! the monster be go to start a war ! 394 lex - decide to change he tune lex uh ... right ! you have get to stop he . he 's mad ! I do what I could but he 's kind of lovesick for the girl . Boy be I glad to see you . I have learn my lesson too , I be siding with the good guy from now on . amendment no : 4 ( pink ) revised 11 - Sept -86 394 continued superman I will deal with you later . lex right , good . tell you what , we will wait right here . till you get back . 395 superman approach lacy his face show rock steady dedication , earnest concern . superman I have no right to ask you this . it could be dangerous . . . lacy ( interrupt ) ask I . it 's about time I do something for someone else . 396 the nuclear man / missile streak over the Atlantic . 397 the pentagon cheif of staff ready to launch . . . 9 , 8 , 7 . . . 398 the kremlin general . . . 6 , 5 , 4 . . . 399 ext . sky over the atlantic the man / missile streaking with the whistle of its acceleration . its point warhead with human feature seem to grin . 400 moving across its path - superman carrying lacy he stop in mid-air , so the monster can see they . amendment no : 4 ( pink ) revised 11 - Sept -86 401 nuclear man /missile with a roar it begin to transform itself back to human form . superman turn to lacy . superman ready ? lacy ready . let 's see what I be make of . 402 superman drop lacy she hurtle towards the surging ocean . nuclear man take the bait and dive after she . 403 back to the pentagon the blip disappear from the radar screen . technician ( jump up ) stop the countdown ! it 's go . 404 back to the kremlin the soviet general literally leap to punch the button that will stop the countdown . general all system cease action ! 405 nuclear man look up to see : 405a superman hurtling towards he . 406 superman and nuclear man they collide . superman restrain nuclear man from pursue lacy who tumble faster and faster towards the grey , choppy water of the Atlantic . 406a the two super being Racing for the free fall lacy . in a sudden burst of speed , superman overhaul he adversary and catch lacy in the nick of time . amendment no : 4 ( pink ) revised 11 - sept-86 406b nuclear man he turn in pursuit , leave a trail of boiling sea . 406c ext . skie nuclear man give chase and metropolis come into view . 407 nuclear man watch superman carry the girl off and down towards metropolis . 408 nuclear man swoops down to the street 408a on the STREET near metropolis tower nuclear man land in a busy street by the metropolis Tower . superman stand alone by the entrance , wait and watch . 408b close on taxi driver horrify at the sudden appearance of a flaming man in the path of he cab . 408c wider : the cab as it screech into nuclear man be force field and another cab crash into the back of it . the cabbie leap out , furious at nuclear man , not notice the shortsight old lady climb , oblivious to the drama , into the back of he vehicle . nuclear man where be the woman ? superman give it up . you will never find she . nuclear man if you will not tell I ... I hurt people ! 409 nuclear man roar and send a searing energy bolt . 409a on gas MAIN it explode . amendment no : 4 ( pink ) revised 11 - Sept -86 410 nuclear man strike again . 410a a parked car explode 410b close on nuclear man another energy bolt and : a stream of FIRE lance out past the terrify crowd . people scream and shout . 410c close on superman a mighty breath sweep the flame away from the flee people . he rush to the aid of a distressed woman and look back to see : 410d superman' p.o.v - underside of cab the taxi rise into the air . 410e int . cab the cabbie be transfix with terror . the old woman calmly give he the address she wish to go to . 410f nuclear man wave of energy pour from he finger and a second cab rise into the air . 410g as superman watch the cab float high above the street . the passengers in the second cab scream with terror until : suddenly a man tumble out . superman take off as the man hang from the open door . 410h wide . shot - FIRE engine alarm sounding , tire scream , it come round the corner towards camera . nuclear man go to meet the new threat , allow the two cab to plummet towards the ground . superman save both and set they gently down . the old lady get out and turn to the cabbie . old lady how much do I owe you , young man ? amendment no : 4 ( pink ) revised 11 - Sept -86 411 superman look up . a burst of energy hit he and he crash back through the door of the tower while nuclear man now continue to demonstrate he power in a violent confrontation with the fire Department . 411a the police arrive riot gun at the ready , the police shelter behind they car . policeman okay , buster . hold it right there . but : 411b nuclear man a ray dart out from he eye and the police be suck into they car . the door slam shut and nuclear man hurl the car skyward where it stick on the side of a building , its occupant transfix with fear . 411c ext . build and car the car jolt downward . faster and faster , until : superman catch it at the very bottom of the building 411d nuclear man enjoy himself as a swat team arrive and more weapon be aim at the monster . swat commander let he have it ! but nuclear man bend , melt and radiate the hostile weapon and the swat vehicle itself flip over and spin like a top fling out the last occupant who fall straight into the arm of superman . 411e nuclear man stride through the chaos , leap onto the roof of a car and orchestrate another orgy of explosive mayhem amendment no : 4 ( pink ) revised 11 - Sept -86 411f superman rushes forward , deflect with he hand bolt after bolt of energy throw at he by he opponent . and then : superman stop ! stop ! you win ! I will take you to she . 412 superman go into the metropolis Tower . smiling wolfishly , nuclear man follow . 413 in the lobby the crowd scream and scatter but nuclear man can find neither superman nor lacy . he turn to see : 413a p.o.v. elevator door the door close on superman . nuclear man unleash a raging torrent of flame which engulf the elevator door . then look up and : 414 nuclear man take off , straight up , without think and crash up through the ceiling of the lobby . 415 faster and faster he move up , through every floor , crash through as startle executive , secretary , cleaners etc. look on . 416 outside the build we pan swiftly upward to watch a series of window shatter to mark he progress . 417 int . lex's lair superman stand guard in front of one of the elevator as nuclear man crash through . nuclear man where be she ? superman Far away from here , and safe . continued amendment no : 4 ( pink ) revised 11 - Sept -86 417 continued superman surreptitiously check the elevator door behind he - but nuclear man notice . he lunge at superman , fell he with a tremendous blow . superman can not get up to stop he . superman ( groggy ) no ! do not go in there ! she 's not in there ! but nuclear man wrench the door apart to find nothing ! 418 superman rise it be a trick ! he shove nuclear man into the elevator and quickly slam the door shut behind he . 419 superman' fist slam through the control panel on the exterior wall , short out the electric circuit . 420 inside the elevator all go black . nuclear man slowly collapse , he strength be go . 421 ext . top of metropolis tower superman appear above the observation deck . with x-ray vision he look inside and discover the elevator cable . he plunge he arm through the metal housing and wrench out the cable and bodily pull the elevator and its occupant up into the sky . 422 superman be airborne over metropolis . he carry behind the elevator car , nuclear man be coffin , stretch down from the end of the cable . 423 ext . space superman fly away from the earth . 424 ext . space and SUN the glow orb of the sun come into frame as superman fly on . amendment no . 4 ( pink ) 11 - sept-86 425 int . elevator a crack in the corner of the elevator flare in the darkness as the glare of the sun strike the outside . 426 close on nuclear man a beam of light shoot past the immobile nuclear man . 423 the moon cold white orb of the night . pockmark and forget . superman continue on he flight . 424 around the moon's equator 424a int . elevator the elevator tilt with the motion and the beam of light strike nuclear man . his eye SNAP OPEN . but the beam swing erratically away - and he be still again . 425 the dark side of the moon superman land in a deep crater with the nuclear man in tow . set he down into a dark recess . Mission accomplish , off he go . 425a wide shot : the moon's surface tranquil and calm when : suddenly the SUN slowly rise over the horizon . and the sunlight strike the elevator . 425b int . elevator the shaft of sunlight strike nuclear man full in the face . CUT to : 426 the other side of the moon superman fly over . . . 427 the sea of tranquility where the american astronaut land two year ago . 428 the american flag its pole be slightly tilt . superman straighten it and salute the flag when : amendment no . 4 ( pink ) 11 - sept-86 428a nuclear man leap on he , but superman knock he aside . 428b nuclear man releases a gigantic energy bolt which knock superman off he foot . but he recover and release a energy bolt of he own which , in turn , knock nuclear man over . 428c nuclear man leap to he foot and send bolt after bolt of nuclear energy at superman . 428d medium shot : superman deflect easily all that be throw at he . 428e superman take off at tremendous speed . 428f wider shot superman streak over nuclear man , strike he with a massive two - fisted thump and : 428g the struggle goe on they trade punch until nuclear man collapse into the moondust and superman turn away and go to straighten the american flag which have be knock over in the titanic struggle . 428h superman.and american flag as superman raise the flag , we notice nuclear man once more behind he . it be : too late and nuclear man seize he in a massive bearhug before smash he down into the moon rock and bury he completely . nuclear man look down at what he have do and then up towards the earth . nuclear man lacy ? lacy !! 428i nuclear man take off amendment no . 4 ( pink ) 11 - sept-86 428j ext . space : moon and earth nuclear man head back to earth . 428k int . lex's lair nuclear man crash through the ceiling to lacy be horror . 428l ext . sea of tranquility superman dig himself out . 428m int . lex's lair nuclear man abduct lacy nuclear man you shall be my Queen ! come ! 428n ext . space and moon superman push the moon out of orbit . 428o ext . lex's lair - observation deck . day nuclear man drag lacy out onto the observation deck . 428p ext . moon . move faster , pass right to leave . 428q ext . observation deck . nuclear man soar into the air with lacy . 428r ext . edge of space they leave the earth 's atmosphere . 428s ext . SUN and moon the moon slowly cover the sun amendment no . 4 ( pink ) 11 - sept-86 428t close shot : nuclear man react horror strike at : 428u he p.o.v. : a eclipse 428v ext.space in the unnatural darkness , deprive of energy , nuclear man go rigid , helpless and immobile , still clutching lacy . 428w ext . space superman fly to the rescue , release lacy and together they sweep down towards the earth 's surface . 428x close on nuclear man drifting helplessly until superman return , seize hold of he and fly back to the earth . 428y ext . nuclear power station superman carry the immobile nuclear man appear in the sky above a nuclear power station and drop he into a cool tower . 428Z int cooling tower - nuclear power station nuclear man rocket through a open hatch which slam shut . the hatch lid carry the international radiation hazard symbol . 428 Za int . power station the pointer swing to full charge . 428Zb ext . metropolis the light flare and the city blossom with light . 428 Zc earth from space superman see America ablaze with myriad pinprick of dazzle light . amendment no . 4 ( pink ) 5 - aug-86 429 ext . highway - day lenny drive while lex do calculation on a pad of paper . on speedometer : 110 mph . lenny you think he will find we . lex never . but we have to hide out for a while . Lay low . say . . . a couple of year . by then I will have a new plan . lenny lucky I bring my drum . lex reach on the seat and throw lenny be drum stick out the window . at the same time , the car begin to shake and then . . . 430 the car rise off the ground lex and lenny look at each other . . . 431 underneath the car - superman 432 ext . chain gang - quarry - day the redneck inmate work in the stone quarry . 433 superman land with lex hitches he onto the chain . lex but . . . how could you beat he ? superman High School physics , luthor . while I be recuperate I have time to figure out that if you foul creature be bear from the sun , it must have be he source of energy . continued amendment no . 4 ( pink ) 30 - Oct -86 433 continued lex but . . . but be not the world about to be osterize ? superman no . . . it 's the way it always be . . . on the brink . . . with good fight evil . superman leave . lex once more a member of the chain gang . the toothless old con recognise lex . con hey , mozart 's back ! 434 ext . boy' town - day the church - sponsor home for wayward boy . one of the priest look up to see superman and lenny . superman this boy have be under a bad influence . can you help he ? priest every boy can be help , superman . superman that 's what I think too . 435 ext . the DAILY planet build - day pedestrian watch as two workmen take down a sign " warfield Publications . " lois lane be parking she car . oversee the effort be : 436 perry white he light what seem to be a victory cigar . a nervous jimmy olsen be join by lois lane as : 437 warfield limo pull up lois look worried . lois Mr. White , be you sure you know what you be do ? here come warfield . warfield storm up to perry . warfield you would better have a good explanation , White , or you will be talk to you lawyer from jail . perry wink at lois and jimmy perry you know , I be not a tycoon . I be just a old reporter . but I have read enough in my own paper the last few year about hostile takeover of company . you must have be asleep at the wheel warfield , because I manage to convince the banker of this city that the Daily Planet should be treat like a natural resource . . . protected from predator . they leat I the money , I buy all the outstanding share , and you , my friend be now the minority shareholder . warfield be jaw drop . 438 a news truck fly by the corner drop the latest stack of daily . jimmy tear off the top copy . 439 insert : the old format DAILY planet : the headline read : " we ' re back . " lois hug 's perry . he blushes . 440 ext . UNITED nation plaza - day the world wait to hear superman . a jungle of radio and tv equipment cluster at the center of a enormous throng of citizen . 441 lois and jimmy jimmy I do not see he anywhere miss Lane . lois well , well . . . I finally beat Clark Kent to a press conference . 442 ext . on the STREET - a taxi pull up clark and lacy be in the back . her luggage be pile around they . clark open the door , but he do not move . lacy daddy 's offer I job at some of he other company . but , I have be think maybe I will take some time off . ( a wry smile ) I be go to find a place like smallville , in the country . maybe a farm . . . see what the slow lane be like . clark I be sorry to see you go . lacy you do not have to be polite , Clark . I have get a pretty good idea of how you feel about I . clark I be not so sure you do . lacy any more like you back home , Clark ? clark like I ? lacy you know : strong , gentle , tall man with bright blue eye and square . Men who like to dance slow , the old fashioned way , the way they mother teach they on the night before they prom . continued 442 continued lacy lean over and wrap she arm around clark . she hold on tight as they kiss . then clark step outside and close the door . she lean out the window . clark you will find a good man lacy . you deserve one . lacy maybe if you would have meet who I be now , instead of the spoiled brat you meet a few week ago , it would have be different between we . clark lacy . . . I . . . she put she finger to he lip . lacy no . do not answer . I want to consider the possibility . clark laugh with she . clark if you get to smallville , I know a real estate agent . . . ( reach in he wallet for card ) . . . levon hornsby . he may have the perfect place available . tell he you know I . she reach up and touch he face . the taxi pull away . lacy ( lean out ) say goodbye to superman for I . 442 clark p.o.v . - the U.N. plaza a multitude have assemble . clark start work he way through the crowd . 443 the front of the crowd - lois and jimmy clark push he way up front . jimmy notice he first . he smile . nudge lois . lois start when she see clark , then regains she composure , change she tender smile into a impish grin . jimmy hi Mr. Kent . how do you feel ? clark it 's a beautiful day , Jimmy . 444 close on lois as she move closer to clark . her eye sparkle . lois ( mischievously ) it must have be a super effort to get out of bed , Clark . clark well , I be feel a lot better . . . almost chipper . . . ( slight smile ) . . . and all because I have a visit from a very good nurse . jimmy she must have have some strong medicine . lois say you be really ill . clark ( look at lois ) well Jimmy , sometimes a little loving care be the best medicine . lois ( softly ) I be glad you be here . ( a beat , then the old lois ) and do not forget I be cover superman 's press conference . you just tape reaction from people in the crowd . continued 445 continued clark pat he pocket . clark oh no , I leave my new tape recorder in the taxi ! somebody save my place . clark run back through the crowd . jimmy same old Mr. Kent . . . he will never change . lois ( smile ) I hope not . 446 angle - the flag of all nation the wind begin to pick up . and the crowd start to buzz . lois he 's here ! 447 on top of U.N. build - superman he wave at the crowd and then fly down to land in front of the crowd . smile warmly and walk forward . 448 superman be p.o.v . - as he walk past lois superman Nice to see you again , lois . lois Nice to see you . 449 superman step to the microphone the crowd fall silent . superman once more we have survive the threat of war . and once more we have find a fragile peace . I think I could give you all the gift of freedom from war . but I be wrong . it be not mine to give . amendment no. 10 ( pink ) revised 21 -oct -86 450 flash CUT to chinese countryside - day close on old fashioned loudspeaker on rickety pole . pull back to reveal four chinese peasant , one a young mother with a baby strapped to she back , work in the field in the shadow of the great wall 0f china . " they listen to the broadcast . 451 flash CUT to lenin' tomb - moscow - day a russian wedding party of eight person and two red guard queuing to enter the mausoleum with the broadcast sounding over the public address system . 452 flash CUT to a schoolyard jeremy' classmate be listen on a ghetto blaster . jeremy stand shyly behind they . 453 back to superman superman . . . we Planet be still young . there be galaxy around we with other civilization to meet and learn from . a community of planet for we to join . what a brilliant future we can have . but there will only be peace when the people want it so badly , they government will have no choice but to give it to they . ( he voice grow bolder ) I wish you could all see the earth as I see it . 454 closeup : superman it dawns on he . superman . . . maybe you can ! if you will all excuse I for one minute . one step and he bound into the air ! 455 on lois like everyone else , confuse as superman soar away . amendment no. 10 ( pink ) revised 21 -oct -86 456 ext . jeremy' schoolyard a loud whoosh make the kide look to the sky . 457 superman land superman I need you help , Jeremy . 458 superman hold out he hand to jeremy jeremy take it . 459 up , up and away the schoolkid gasp as superman carry jeremy into the sky . 460 the planet earth shine brightly in green and blue and white wisp of cloud . spin in its orbit . 460a ext . the planet earth - space the soyuz Space capsule , from the open scene , continue . in orbit . two cosmonauts be try to replace they lose antennae . the third cosmonaut be watch through the porthole . superman and jeremy fly past the Space capsule and wave to the cosmonauts . the russian enthusiastically acknowledge they salute . 461 into frame : superman and jeremy jeremy watch from a super vantage point . jeremy awesome ! superman Jeremy , I need you to tell the people of the world what you see . jeremy I will try . . . amendment no. 10 ( pink ) revised 21 -oct -86 462 jeremy' p.o.v . - the earth as they pass over the continent . jeremy well . . . I see the ocean current . . . and the rain . . . and mountain and river . . . but . . . superman go on . . . jeremy but you can not tell where one country begin and another end . you can not see any border . it 's just . . . one world . superman good . if you can see it , and I can see it , maybe some day everyone will see it . 463 closeup : superman he arc toward the camera . come right at we . 464 flying at the camera superman and jeremy . move closer on superman as he give we he farewell salute and then carry jeremy home . fade out : the end