super 8 written by j.j. abram final shoot script December 16 , 2010 over black we hear the dull sound of industry ; a muffled Mass of machine , gear , steam . fade in on : a sign . twelve foot across . paint decade earlier , grim - cover black , white and red . it read in large 40' era , hand - paint type , " safety be our primary concern ! " then : " day since last accident " and below that , number , paint on hang metal card . four possible digit can hang here , but there be currently three : " 784 . " slowly push in on this sign as a man appear , rise on a forklift , in a greasy , monochromatic work jumpsuit . remove the " 4 " from its hook . then remove the " 8 . " then the " 7 . " finally , he hang up a number . " 1 . " the man lower out of frame as we creep even closer to the hang single digit , wonder about the accident ... and how bad it be and the factory sound grow deafening -- and as it build to a crescendo , we CUT to silent blackness . ext . joe' house - porch - day shiny black loafer . Black pants , three inch too long . we boom up , stop at a boy 's hand reach into the black suit jacket pocket . pull out a woman' gold necklace with a locket . he hold the locket . rub it gently with he thumb . continue to boom up . we now see the boy' face . this be joe lamb , 14 . on the precarious edge of adulthood . he look out at the horizon with stricken eye . he move forward and we pan , so we be behind he now . in the frosty distance , past countless leafless tree and modest home , be a steel mill . smokestack and structure . the lifeblood of this late 70' town . int . lamb live room - day Close on charle ' mother and father , funeral attire . she look out of the window sadly ; heartsick and concerned . behind she , he pick at he plate of food . charle ' mother I be so worried for that boy . charle ' father Joe 's gonna be okay . 2 . charle ' mother ... she be everything to he . charle ' father Jack 's gonna step up . he 's a good man . charle ' mother but he be never really a father ... I do not think he ever ... understand Joe . charle ' father ( maybe a little concerned himself ) Joe 's gonna be okay . but he wife be not so sure . then , boy ' hushed voice : int . lamb dine room - day charle ( we will see he in a moment ) leans forward , reach for food on a buffet table . Charles ' lean have reveal cary , a blonde kid in a dark blue sport jacket and tie , and preston , pale and smart , in a dark sweater : cary what do you think be in the coffin ? martin Jesus , shut up . cary I mean cause of how she die . cary ( cont 'd ) ... you be not wonder that ? preston no , I be eat macaroni salad . we now see charle , big and in a ill-fitting black suit , and martin , good look , in a shirt and tie , at the buffet : charle I be think that , about the coffin . martin I do not know how you guy can eat . 3. charle try a goddamn turkey roll and you will discover how . they be delicious . CUT wide to reveal that we be in a modest Ohio house in the year 1979 . at a wake . forty -odd friend and neighbor , darkly dress . quiet discussion . some cry . cary either nothing be in there , or like whatever they scrape up -- martin Jesus -- guy -- charle martin I hear it crush she completely . at least keep you voice down -- preston charle a steel beam -- that thing weigh a ton . literally . if it have be open casket , I would not be eat right now . despite the turkey roll . jack ( o.s. ) hey -- Lucy . they look up -- in the other room , a dog ( mutt , Lucy ) have jump on a guest , for food . jackson lamb , Joe 's father , 42 , black suit , move to the dog , walk she out of shot . charle Bet Joe 's not gonna wanna do my movie anymore . cary why ? charle why do you think why ? the story . it 's about the live dead . preston his mother 's not a zombie . charle but she 's dead , shithead . cary that turkey roll be pretty good . 4. charle told you . ext . joe' house - day - moment later a wide shot . a grey , snow - cover , early February day here in lillian , ohio . many car be park outside the house , notably a sheriff' department squad car in the driveway . Joe , a vision of black on white in he too- big black suit , now sit on a small swing set he have not use in year . he solemnly look down at the locket he still hold . no doubt try to reconcile the fact that it no longer hang around he mother 's neck . then a SOUND . Joe look up . a car have arrive -- a distinct 1968 buick gsx -- a yellow muscle car with a black racing stripe down its center . Joe watch as the car sit there for a moment . then a man get out . someone Joe have see before , but do not know personally . a man in he early 40' , in jeans and a work shirt . he 's not exactly sloppy , but if you look closely , you could tell he 's be drink . this be louis dainard . Joe watch Louis carefully as he move to the house , to the porch and inside the house . Joe 's eye glue on the house for a while . then he look back to the locket . he open it , and stare at the picture inside ( which we do not see ) . and as he stare , tear come to he eye . a moment break by the SOUND of raised voice -- Joe turn toward the house . after a beat , the SOUND of something breaking -- something glass . then the house back door burst open -- Joe crane he neck -- and what he see he will never forget : he father , Jack , lead a in -pain and hand - cuffed Louis dainard from the house and into the rear of the squad car . when he slam the back door , he see Joe . sort of freeze as they eye lock . but Jack 's more uncomfortable than comforting : jack I will be home soon . and Jack get into the car and drive away . Joe watch they drive off . and after a beat , he look down at the locket again . Mom 's just go . finally he close it -- and we hear a oddly loud SNAP and we screen goe black . over darkness : applause -- then a lone voice : " I want you ... to want I ! " drum kick in , cheap trick blast . CUT to : 5 . ext . middle school - day hundred of kide eagerly leave they last day of school for the year , winter a memory . girl emphatically embrace each other good - bye . boy run off , just happy to be out . lot of " have a great summer ! " dolly with Joe , who walk through the crowd alone , backpack on shoulder . suddenly Charles be there , red-face -- he hand Joe page : charle that be the longest day ever -- here . joe what 's this ? charle New scene , check it out . let 's hit the 7 . joe ( as he read ) you hear Martin barf in the hall ? charle I know , do that guy ever not barf ? keep read . joe charle -- I be read . -- not carefully . focus , this be important . -- detective hathaway have a wife ? charle ( cont 'd ) I think it might help make my movie better . I need two thing : a better story and production value . they head across the street to the 7 - eleven . suddenly cary be there , a burn wrap on he right arm now : cary charle Martin boot all over he locker , it be the grossest one yet -- let Joe focus , he 's read . cary charle after he eat two box of Mike and ike -- never see so many color in my life . will you shut up a minute ? 6. joe who 's gonna play the wife , Jen ? charle no way -- do I tell you what she do with my top hat ? joe oh yeah , that be bad . cary what wife ? charle Alice dainard . Joe stop . his friend do not . push in on he -- ext . 7 - eleven - day as they head to the door : charle I be return that book on code and cipher -- she be in the silent read section -- I think , " screw it . " so I ask she if she would play hathaway 's wife . joe you talk to Alice dainard really ? cary you be not suppose to talk at all in the silent read section -- charle cary shut up . it 's for " silent read . " charle she say yes , we be filming tonight and she 's drive . int . 7 - eleven - day - continuous Joe , Charles and cary scan the candy aisle . joe -- drive where ? 7. charle joe to the train depot -- do you not read the scene I just give you ? do Alice have a license ? be she old enough ? whose car be we take ? be you make this up ? charle Jesus , freak show , she offer to drive and I accept -- cary ( take scene page ) can I see --? joe -- be she nice ? why be she do this ? I do not understand , we do not even know she -- charle maybe she just want to be in a good movie , y'ever think of that ? joe I do not think that 's what it be -- charle I have be work on this movie for month . I be just try to make it good . cary ( read , disapprove ) hathaway 's marry now ? really ? Charles swipe the page from critic cary . joe what be she read ? charle ... what ? joe in the silent read section , what be Alice read ? charle who give a rat 's ass what she be read -- the festival deadline 's in one week -- my movie 's gotta be great ! 8. charle ' super 8 movie be projected on a movie screen . slowly push in on the screen : kid earnestly play adult : int . build 47 - day ( super 8 ) darkness . then a door open . it 's detective hathaway ( play by martin ) , in silhouette . he enter . it 's a old warehouse , dirty , cobwebbed , crowded with crate , old machinery , chemical barrel and junk . the detective turn on he flashlight -- aim it -- sweep it across the space -- the light hitting the lens for a moment . the detective walk through the spooky , dark space . a low , growl industrial drone make the whole place oddly creepy . then : a SOUND -- quick but strange -- slithering -- and the detective aim he flashlight -- tense . he watch . wait . we see where he 's aim the light , which cut through thick dust in the air . it 's a old office door , ajar . hathaway be still . nervous . watch the door -- wait for it to open ... and then -- from the darkness behind he -- a terrifying open- mouth zombie appear -- attack -- and the detective turn -- he flashlight knocked to the ground -- and hathaway fall too -- the wild - eye gape - mouth Zombie drooling as it try to bite hathaway 's flesh -- we recognize that the Zombie be cary . actually , not a bad performance . the detective pull out he gun -- but the Zombie grab he wrist -- they wrestle with the gun -- the Zombie want to rip into hathaway 's neck -- but hathaway see three sharp - tipped nail stick out of a old piece of wooden crate -- and after a significant struggle , hathaway push the zombie back so he head be impale by the nail -- which we see enter he skull !!! the Zombie ( stick to the crate via the nail ) scream and die and just at hathaway catch he breath the image dim and freeze ; the projector have just be stop . we be in : int . charle ' room - day board game , book , record , a stereo , toy , and magic . Super 8 film equipment and paraphernalia . Movie one sheet hang : carrie , halloween , EARTHQUAKE and night of the live dead . no sport memorabilia . Charles turn on the light , look anxiously at Joe : jack that be a good zombie murder . charle yeah , but it 's not a st -- thank you for that -- it 's not a story yet . ( more ) 9. charle ( cont 'd ) older kid enter this film festival -- I be compete with fifteen - and sixteen - year-old , who have better storey and car and production value , I have get nothing ! charle ' mother ( o.s. ) Charles ! dinner ! as he toss Joe a super 8 filmmaker magazine : charle I be come ! ( to joe ) there 's a whole article in there about storey , you should read it , it explain everything . joe ( look at magazine ) I do not understand how the wife make it a story -- charle charle ' mother ( o.s. ) Jesus , that 's what I have be explain : in the scene we be filming tonight , the wife tell the detect she 's scared for he , that she love he -- Charles ! -- i'm coming !!! -- so when he investigate the zombie stuff you will be scare -- you will feel something -- because you do not want he to die because they love each other ! do that make sense ? joe ( cont 'd ) I just can not believe you talk to Alice dainard . charle you be impossible . charle ' mother ( o.s. ) charle ! charle GOD , mom ! i'm coming ! ( open the door , whisper ) Midnight . okay ? do not forget . 10 . joe I will not forget . charle read this . Joe just nod and look at the magazine . int . charle ' kitchen - dusk a hectic family : Charles ' mother cook . jen , he smoking hot 17 - year - old sister , angrily set the table where he father pay bill . pale 15 - year-old sister peg do a puzzle . twin 9 - year-old boy bicker over a action figure . tv in the live room play a match game . Joe and Charles enter . jen Mom , it 's not fair that I can not go to Wendy 's . every single person be go except I ! charle ' mother then every single person can tell you how it be -- charle ' father move the puzzle , get the napkin . jen mom --- charle ' mother it 's you turn to babysit . jen so ... peg get off that thing . jen Mom , why can not I switch with Charles ? charle because you crush Charles ' top hat , you ever think of that ? disgust , Jen loudly set Charles ' place as -- jen oh , really , guess what ? we be switch . 11 . Charles grab a roll . charle guess what , no we be not . charle ' mother Charles take this to the table ! benji , it 's time for dinner . hey , joe -- joe goodnight , Mrs. kaznyk -- charle ' mother grab a seat , we have lot of food . joe oh no thanks , ma'am , I be okay . ( to Charles , load ) " see you tomorrow . " charle later day . charle ' father there 's always a place for you here , you know that -- joe oh , yessir . thank you . Joe leave ; Charles ' parent share a look of pity for Joe . ext . charle ' house - dusk a anomalous moment in this small steel town : the sun set through the distant tree and it 's beautiful , despite the distant belching smokestack . Joe leave Charles ' house and cross the STREET to he own . squad car in the driveway . int . joe' house - dusk Joe come into the kitchen through the back door . Lucy the dog greet he . a tv be head somewhere . nightly news report on the ongoing clean - up of three mile island . a half - empty Beer bottle on the table . Joe peek into the live room -- but no one 's there . Joe look around for he father . head down the hallway . stop when he see something off camera . we hold on Joe 's face , sort of quietly stunne . 12. and we se he Pov : Jack , Joe 's father , in uniform pants and T - shirt , sit on the edge of the bathtub , head in he hand , quietly crying . Joe be stunne , stare at he dad . but he can not look away . and when he finally start to head off , Jack look up . Joe 's mind scramble for something to say , but Jack sniffles , get it together , quick . put on a strong face . jack hey -- I will be out in a minute -- Joe nod as Jack force a smile and close the bathroom door . hold on joe . stun and heartsick . int . carol' diner - night commodore quietly sing " easy " on the PA . Joe and he father , in civvy , sit beside each other at the counter . Jack eat a beef stew and review office paperwork , not look at he son . Joe eat a grill cheese , deeply lonely and not even know it . Jack pull out a pamphlet , and place it on the table : jack it 's a six - week program , hand - on training with college coaches . ( beat ) you will like it . I know I do . Joe look at the pamphlet for hewitt sport camp . image of happy , smile , healthy athletic kide . not he thing . joe I think I be go to have the summer for myself -- jack thing have obviously change for we . and it would be good for you to spend some time with kid who do not run around with -- camera and monster make - up -- joe I gotta help Charles finish he movie . jack I have nothing against you friend . I like you friend . ( more ) 13. jack ( cont 'd ) except cary , who can not stop lighting thing on fire . you will like it there . ( finally ) it 's what we both need . Joe look back at the pamphlet -- he other hand come up from under the table -- and Jack see that Joe be holding he mother' locket . Jack want to cry again . he want to throw that locket away , out of sight . but he just turn away . Joe stare at the pamphlet . push in on the photo of beam 15 - year - old kide . then CUT to the hunchback of notre dame : int . joe' room - night tight on quasimodo ; a plastic , paint aurora model . rack focus to the paintbrush that come into frame -- follow it to joe , hold the brush , at he desk , make a model . a boy 's room recently devoid of a mother 's oversight ; a mess . comic book and other plastic model , all build and paint by Joe . car and creature and a train . his bedside clock radio ( 11:56 pm ) quietly play " baker STREET . " then a radio squawk - - Joe grab a kide walkie - talkie : charle ( v.o . ) okay , it 's time -- do not get catch , over . joe I will not . over . Joe turn off the walkie -- and he grab a small plastic fisherman' tackle BOX as we hear : charle ( v.o . ) wanna hear something gross ? cary ( v.o. ) I do . martin ( v.o . ) no please , if you be really ask . ext . joe' house - night Midnight . sitting on the curb with they gear and talk quietly , be Joe , Charles , Martin , Preston and cary . Martin dress in he detect suit . Joe eat from a bag of twizzler . 14 . charle I sneeze so hard yesterday I shit my pants . ( they moan ) I debate tell you . joe thanks . preston that 's call a " sharteeze " by the way . charle cary well then I totally sharteeze in my pants . that 's exactly what I be talk about : the world be crazy , there 's a name for everything ... charle twizzler I . Joe pass he a twizzler . martin so ... people be turn into zomby because of the chemical factory , right ? charle Martin ? I do not see how the guy play detective hathaway can ask where the zomby be come from . cary another classic from smartin . martin I tell you , I do not like it when you call I that . cary I be sorry , smartin . martin shut up . joe guy -- 15 . all the boy look . they face brighten . headlights . the boy stand as the car stop beside they -- it's the yellow buick with the black racing stripe that pulled up to joe' house during the wake . but now , sit in the driver 's seat be 14 - year - old alice dainard . she see Joe . alice Joe Lamb ?! joe -- yeah ? alice what the hell 's he do here ? charle make-up , sound and special effect . alice he 's the deputy 's kid ! charle joe -- what ? ( touch flatter ) -- you know that ? alice ( cont 'd ) Charles , I do not have a license . I can not drive with he ! charle you want Joe to -- stay back ? I - -? alice it 's too late ! he 's see I in this car right now . joe you can trust I . my dad will never know . I will not tell he anything . look away , she 's piss . all the boy in silent wait . she consider , annoyed . shake she head . finally : alice get in . the boy excitedly scramble into the car . ext . countryside - night the buick cross the nighttime horizon , leave the small town , drive through a rural landscape . 16 . preston ( v.o . ) ( terrified ) you be drive very well . I be impressed . int . buick - night Alice drive . the boy shove in the back with the gear -- in front Charles struggle with he backpack and camera bag as he pull out page , arrange they . with she drive , there 's a unusual , electric energy in the air . Joe eat he twizzler in the back , try not to stare at Alice . charle so I write a couple new line , can I show you ? alice what ? martin New line ? Charles -- what , I have new line ? charle shut up . there be not a lot -- alice I be sorta try to drive -- charle what would be great be : could you cry during the scene ? can you do that ? alice ... no ...?! cary mess with the radio . Alice move he hand away . alice ( cont 'd ) stop . cary you know the first place I be gonna drive when I get my license ? joe ( offer to Alice ) want one ? Alice look at he in the rear view . they eye hold a beat . 17 . cary New Castle , Pennsylvania . firework capital of America . she take the twizzler he offer and look back to the road . martin so I do not have any new line , right ? because I just learn this . charle shut up . preston I have never be a passenger in a vehicle without a adult drive . I be unresolved as to how I feel about it . ext . rural ohio - night the buick wooshes past a solitary kelvin gas station . the car dip into the darkness , beneath a blanket of star . ext . train depot - night the buick pull up to this small , empty train station in the middle of , essentially , nowhere . a series of hanging light illuminate the train platform . there 's a small office , currently close . no one around . the kid get out of the car . charle guy , there 's a electrical socket up here . martin hey , Charles , Charles , do I have more line ? charle no . but you can pick up some stuff . the boy carry many bag and the tripod . platform - Charles look at the scene through the " lens " he create with both hand . 18. charle ( cont 'd ) guy , this be go to be great . get the light and camera on that end , we will shoot this direction first , like we talk about ! Joe , get the mike plugge in -- make sure the new battery be in the camera before you do the make -up ! joe okay . Joe walk past alive , who watch he . it strike she that Joe be Charles ' lackey . ext . train depot - platform - night Martin sit alone with he copy of the page , quietly read and memorize he line . martin " -- sweetheart , this be my job , I have no choice . " " that 's nothing you need to worry about ... " " what be I suppose to go to Michigan with you ... " cary grab he paper and throw it to the wind , send Martin run after it . martin ( cont 'd ) no , no , no . cary . int . platform Preston set up the light as cary arrive to show he he backpack full of firecrackers : cary I take apart two pack of cherry bomb and make my own m - 80 . preston you obsession with firework -- and I be say this as a friend -- concern I . and my mother . cary well you be a pussy . and you mom have one . cary take off . Martin return with he paper . 19 . martin bogus , cary . ext . train depot - platform - edge of platform - night Charles write in he notebook . he start to get up ... charle Martin , I have a new line for you . he get up to reveal Joe put make - up on Alice . he walk over to Martin , cary and Preston . Charles and Martin ad lib . tight on joe' tackle BOX , which open . Inside be a assortment of make - ups , sponge , cotton ball , brushes , derma wax , spirit gum , and a large jar of fake blood . Joe be prepare to make up Alice , who sit in front of he , watch carefully as Joe prepare base make - up on a sponge . he look to she . a beat . joe you mind ? Alice shake she head : nope . Joe start stippling the make - up onto she face . he be now , via sponge , touch the face of a girl he 's admire for some time . after a beat : alice my dad work at the mill . and she look at he . almost as if she be look for something . Joe stop stippling . the tension be almost too much for he to bear . joe Close you eye . please . he indicate the sponge : it 's for the make -up . she do . Joe start apply the make - up to she eyelid . there 's something provocative for Joe , be so close to Alice , with she eye close . then , pre - lap : charle ( o.s. ) so this be very emotional . ext . train depot - platform - night the light ( plugge into the car cigarette lighter ) and camera ( a eumig ) be set . Alice have be make up , wear a coat with purse . Martin , in he tie , face she . they both look over they script page as Charles adjust the camera . 20 . Joe , observe , hold the boom mike ( a condenser mike tape to a broom handle ) , Preston wear a overcoat . charle Alice : Mrs. hathaway really do not want she husband to keep investiga -- alice I know , we read it , we get it . charle okay , I be just direct . Martin get on you mark . Martin , you be go to have to reassure she . do you know what " reassure she " mean ? martin yeah , I think so . charle okay -- we be start on Alice 's side first -- Preston : a couple second after " action " walk to the pay phone , make it look like this place be busy -- preston I know what that look like . pop ! everyone jump -- Charles turn -- cary , laugh , have just explode a firecracker : charle asshole , could you stop blow shit up for two second and deal with the camera ? cary sorry man . charle let 's rehearse this -- save you real performance for when we be filming , though . Martin and Alice put away they page -- cary get behind the camera . Charles stand near the camera , kneel to camera - height . Joe wear headphone and hold the boom over the actor ' head . Preston hold a suitcase , ready to walk . charle ( cont 'd ) ready ? here we go ... action ! 21 . Martin and Alice now perform as they character , detective JOHN hathaway and mrs . rebecca hathaway : detective hathaway I be go to stay here and investigate . I think it would be safer if you leave town . mrs . hathaway John . I do not like it . this case . this murder . detective hathaway what be I suppose to do , go to Michigan with you ? Preston walk past they , act in the background . mrs . hathaway mackinac Island 's beautiful this time of year . we be tight on joe now , watch Alice . slowly amaze at the unexpected depth and truth she bring to this role -- detective hathaway sweetheart . this be my job . mrs . hathaway the dead , come back to life ...? I think you be in danger -- detective hathaway I have no choice -- mrs . hathaway you do have a choice . we all do ... and holy shit , Alice actually start to cry as she perform she line . not overdo , not hammy . just fuck real . mrs . hathaway ( cont 'd ) John , I have never ask you to stop . I have never ask you to give up or walk away . Charles watch -- in awe -- he 's suddenly , giddily transport . but it 's joe who , as he stare , become galvanize ; any vague interest in Alice have just set : mrs . hathaway ( cont 'd ) but I be ask you now -- please . for I . do not go back . do not leave I . ( more ) 22. mrs . hathaway ( cont 'd ) I need to know this be not the last time I will see you . ( beat ) I just love you so much . Martin be throw by the passion and heart of she performance . detective hathaway ... I ... I love you too ... and in the heat of it , Alice look at Charles , unsure : alice be that okay ? or ... not really ? Charles be stunne -- almost cry -- can not talk -- and as he search , behind he , a light -- charle -- uh , that be ... I be ... that -- yeah , good . just like that . then a distant airhorn -- Charles look : a oncoming train . push in on charle , tight . he turn to they all : charle ( cont 'd ) production value !!! be there film in the camera ?! cary -- I do not put it in -- charle put it in !!! put it in !!! Joe , get the mike ready . go , go , Preston , get in position . costume , costume . Martin , get that tripod set up . Joe , help she with she costume . hurry , hurry ! go ! I hope we do not miss the train . Preston , get in position ! Martin , you know you line , right ?! be the film in the camera yet ?! as Charles run to Alice , take she script page . alice I love how calm he be . joe yeah , he 's a very relaxed guy . 23. Joe laugh a little as he go -- cary rip OPEN a yellow super 8 box -- Joe grab the mike -- cary insert the film : click ! Joe plug in the mike , Charles grab the camera : charle everyone ready ...?! be extra loud when the train pass by ! oh God , I hope it stop ! you ready ?! they be set to film toward Alice , the approach train in she background -- Charles put on the headphone -- charle ( cont 'd ) and ... action ! and they be shoot : detective hathaway I be go to stay here and investigate . I think it would be safer if you leave town for a couple of day . mrs . hathaway John . I do not like it . this case . this murder . detective hathaway what be I suppose to do , go to Michigan with you ? mrs . hathaway mackinac Island 's beautiful this time of year . detective hathaway sweetheart . this be my job . Charles watch , beam with excitement . Joe hold the boom , look to Charles to make sure it sound okay ; this be when he notice something in the distance . headlight . a quarter mile away , a vehicle drive along the horizon . a beat . but the train be approaching -- getting louder -- which make Joe turn back toward the train -- the thing almost upon they -- louder and louder , so the actor begin to yell over the growing din : mrs . hathaway the dead , coming back to life ?! I think you're in danger ! detective hathaway I have no choice !!! 24 . mrs . hathaway you do have a choice ! we all do !!! John , I have never ask you to stop . I have never ask you to give up or walk away . Joe look back at the headlight -- and see something very odd : the distant vehicle turn onto the track . push in on joe , unsettle -- as the train cross they now -- Joe look back toward Alice -- a blast of AIR , shockingly loud ! mrs . hathaway ( cont 'd ) but I be ask you now -- please . for I . do not go back . do not leave I . I need to know this be not the last time I will see you . ( beat ) I just love you so much . Alice and Martin continue to yell they line -- Charles be almost laughing at how good this look -- but Joe look desperately back toward the headlight -- the train lighting up the old pick - up that be about to crash into the train ! detective hathaway I love you too !! and Joe finally swing the mike down and yell : joe charle guy , watch out !!! Joe what the hell be y--?! -- just then ba-ba-ba -bam !!! the train engine , hundred of yard away , slam into the truck -- the kide gasp -- react -- as the train engine derail ! joe run ! the train begins to crash -- accordion -- the kide scream -- run -- entire 50 - ton car jacknife and crash upward -- flying vertical -- charle ' super 8 camera and tripod slam onto the platform , landing sideways , still filming as the crash wave approach and pass they ! the kide scatter , preston and martin run one way . charle , cary and joe run another . joe stop as alice run around the build . joe ( cont 'd ) Alice ! charle Joe , we have to go . 25 . they run off . charle ( cont 'd ) I don't want to die !!! as nearby car rip off track , tumble -- car from father back jettison toward they , slamming into the depot , shatter it -- the entire area be decimate in a instant ! and then -- it's over . just the odd , die chug and screech - screech - screech of train wheel run out of momentum , hiss of steam , the unnatural bend of steel . in the dust , joe lie frighten on the ground , eye tightly shut . his mind race , he heart pound -- and then : a loud metal bang ! Joe stand up fast , face a mountain of twisted steel -- upside - down train car pile frighteningly around he . just another few foot and he would have be crush . but what be that sound ? something metal ? then again : slam ! Joe back up , afraid -- it be almost a labored groan -- mechanical or animal ?! a crazy screech , another bang , then again and again !!! we see Joe tightly gripping he necklace locket in he hand -- then : crash ! -- awful -loud -- and a twisted ten -foot square sheet of metal explode from behind the overturned train car -- Joe cover he head as the metal stab the ground , twenty foot away : a train sliding door . Joe turn to see it -- stunne -- then back to the direction of the noise -- but it be gone . nothing . tight on charle ' camera -- on its side , finishing up a cartridge of film . joe ( o.s. ) guy ?! Joe find martin , on he knee , throwing up -- Martin keep throw up , but pump a thumb up . joe ( cont 'd ) Martin , be you okay ?! Preston , be that you ? preston I be okay ! though I think I be have a heart attack ! and I have a scrape ! Joe move forward -- up to camera -- behind he , cary appear , smile . this kid enjoy the crash : 26 . cary guy , do you see that explosion ? that be awesome . joe have anyone see Alice ?! charle ( o.s. ) I be alive ! be anyone dead ? through the debris , steel and dust . Joe move forward -- Charles , shake , eye wide , appear through the thick dust -- Joe move forward , look at , under a train wheel assembly ... blood . a puddle of blood and Joe 's heart sink as he move toward it -- another woman he love , crush ?! Charles and Preston and cary see the blood -- charle ( cont 'd ) preston -- oh God -- -- no -- nonono ... Martin , still sick , call out : martin cary -- what ? guy , what be it ? ... shit ... Joe move closer to the blood -- heartsick -- on the verge of deep , real tear -- everything stop -- but then : alice ( o.s. ) -- what 's all that blood ? Joe whip around -- stand in the dusty mess be alice -- shake , but absolutely alive . Joe just beam . alice ( cont 'd ) what 's the blood ? -- do someone get hurt --? but joe suddenly know -- he move to the blood -- reach below the wheel -- the other watch , freak out -- kide ( ad lib ) Joe , wait -- maybe you should not touch -- what be you -- careful ! Joe pull out he crushed make - up kit . he brighten : joe it 's my fake blood . it 's fake ! charle what be this stuff ? 27 . alice notice that he's holding the necklace . Joe notice this and pocket it self - consciously . preston call out : preston guy , what be this thing ? Joe look -- they all move to Preston ( except cary , who head off ) : crate have spill from a nearby split car ; many shattered , revealing thousand of SMALL white -metal cube which now litter the ground . Joe kneel , pick one up : martin hey , do not touch it , what be you do ? charle they look like white rubik 's cube or something . they be heavy like metal or something . there 's like a billion of they . it 's just a few inch per side , a unusual design . behind they , have walk up the angle side of overturn train car , cary call out : cary guy , get up here . you can see everything from up here . they move up the mass of metal , revealing a vast view of the wreck . it seem to stretch on forever . it be sobering . charle cary oh my god. ... look at that ... preston accord to my uncle Seth , a accident like this be exceptionally rare . joe it be not a accident . ( turn away , eye on the field ) there be a truck . on the track . charle what ? driving on the track ? Joe 's see it . he point . chill . joe there . 28 . thrown fifty yard from the main wreckage be the pick - up truck . sheared in half upon impact and lie in the overgrown grass . martin how can a pick - up truck derail a train ? that 's impossible . preston obviously it be not . boom up from behind the shatter pick - up as the kid approach from the wreckage . push in on they as they arrive at the truck and stop ; what they see make Joe 's heart pound -- they be stunne -- all of they . they just stop . finally : cary ... holy shit ... charle -- be that he ? alice ( cover she mouth ) ) -- yeah , it 's he -- martin -- who ? preston charle it be , yeah , for sure -- Holy shit . martin ( cont 'd ) what ? who be that ? we see now : it 's dr . woodward -- 75 , seat - belt , bloody and unconscious , stick inside the crush wreckage . Alice move closer -- scared and sad for he -- alice Dr. woodward ...? no one can take they eye off this as , sotto : martin that 's Dr. woodward ? the science guy ? preston biology . cary honor biology . 29 . martin wow ... I be not in he class . cary we know . martin shut up , cary . charle remember when Old man woodward take you Electronic football ? cary yeah , he put it in the " dungeon , " never give it back ... martin the dungeon ? preston that trailer woodward keep in the school parking lot . Joe move next to Alice , who reach out and gently nudge he -- you keep expect he to suddenly grab she -- alice ... Dr. woodward ? but he 's apparently dead ; when she nudge he , he leans , he arm drop limp from the steering wheel , where he be holding a paper , that have now fall onto the ground . Joe pick it up . unfold it : it 's a old map -- thin , off - white paper . they hold it up , the map now backlit and obscure woodward . we see marker writing on it -- a black line , from nevada to dayton -- and number write along the way . preston joe map of the contiguous United States ... -- what 's the write ? alice ( cont 'd ) charle -- date and time . -- what 's that line across ? joe it 's a schedule for the train . but a shadow have appear : a trembling hand -- before they can react , it rip the map away -- they all scream as old dr . woodward be revealed , bloody eye OPEN , in a daze : dr . woodward -- who -- who be you ? 30 . they be all speechless for a moment . finally , too loudly : charle Dr. woodward ! it 's Charles kaznyk ! from fourth period ! you have be in a accident ! but woodward have reached into he jacket and pulled out a gun -- the kide jump back , stunned -- dr . woodward they will kill you . do not speak of this -- or you -- and you parent - - will die . we be on Joe 's stunne face -- but distant voice make he turn he head : hundred of yard away , through the wreck , figure with flashlight approach fast -- joe -- guy , look -- the rest turn to look -- they mind be racing , all of they : alice ( scare ) -- we should not be here -- dr . woodward gooooooooo !!! the kid start move away -- preston charle my dad will de - ball I ! let 's get out of here !!! now they be sprint -- flashlight men get closer . Charles arrive on the platform , grab he camera . Alice hurry past , hunt for she key in that big purse -- she eye the flashlight men get closer : alice move you ass , we gotta go !!! Joe grab he make - up kit -- another duffel -- run for the car , past a whining Charles . joe get in the car !!! 31 . as the flashlight men approach , Joe run and get in the front seat , the other boy in back -- Alice slam the car into reverse , screech - back up , narrowly avoid debris , then ride off -- the flashlight men arrive -- soldier -- they adrenaline pump . one man who walk up to the camera , eyeing the vanish car with intense suspicion : colonel nelec . he then look to the ground in front of he . close on a fresh , empty yellow super 8 film BOX . nelec step to it , pick it up . look at it . then back up at the disappear car . we push in on he burning eye and -- ext . ohio road - night rrrrrrrroooooooooaaaaaarrrrrrrr ! the buick speed past . int . buick - night overlap mayhem , but Charles obsess over he camera : charle preston Holy shit , that be insane ! he have a gun ! a actual physical gun ! cary charle I can not believe all that just happen here ! nothing ever my whole camera lend be like happen here !!! shattered now ! preston my heart be pound ! that train could of kill we . joe ( to alice ) be you okay ? as Alice nervously drive , she shake she head : no . charle oh shit , all the glass just fall out ! martin I have never have a teacher AIM a gun at I ! alice it 's hard enough to drive without everyone yell ! 32 . joe guy , keep it down ! cary joe Joe : what be woodward talk about ? I do not know , I do not know -- martin I be never take a train again . preston " you will die , you parent will die , " guy , that be not good information . charle great , the focus ring just fall off ! cary no one care about you camera ! martin be I the only one shaking ?! I be also cry -- alice we can not tell anyone we be there - - we can not say a thing about it -- my dad cannot find out I take he car , do you guy hear I ?! joe it 's okay -- no one 's say anything . none of we . ( to he friend ) guy -- we be not gonna say anything -- be we ?! the boy all muster , " no 's . " Joe turn sweetly to Alice . joe ( cont 'd ) see ? no one 's gonna know . Alice nod ; if not quite relieved , at least grateful for Joe . but they all stare off for a long beat ... haunt . ext . road - night the buick speed away ... 33. ext . joe' house - night crane down as the buick pull up . the dusty boy pile out . they all kind of look at each other . what a night . Charles , who look at Joe for a beat , hold up he defunct camera on the tripod . Joe nod . Alice find something on the passenger seat and hold it out . alice Joe , this be yours . Joe go to the window . Alice hold it out : the cube . he take it with : joe -- oh , thanks , alice I should never have do this . she just drive away . Left there be Joe , Charles , Preston , cary and Martin . they all kind of look at Alice go . int . joe' bathroom - night Joe in the bath . the quiet swish of water as Joe hold the cubic object . he relive the night : he mouth explosion . remember the fear ... then he smile . int . joe' bedroom - morning Joe be startled awake as if from a nightmare ; Jack have awoken he , quickly buck he holster , urgent : jack joe gotta head in early -- -- okay -- make sure you let Lucy out . -- I will -- pull back wide to see Joe 's room -- while in the foreground be he desk , crowded with stuff . in focus , however , be the cube object he take from the crash site . as the shot progress , you may notice that the cube have change shape ; the volume be the same , but the corner have extended . jack joe you gonna -- what , you with Charles today ? yeah , I will be with Charles -- make sure you get the yard . -- okay , I will . Jack head off . 34 . int . joe' house - kitchen - morning tight shot : Joe fill Lucy 's food dish with kibble . no dog . ext . joe' house - morning Joe hurry across the street . int . charle ' house - morning typical kaznyk bustle : Father busily pack sack lunch . hot Jen eat cereal , read a magazine . one twin play handball loudly against a wall . peg keep walk through the scene with clothes . mother cook , say to the other twin ( in grimy short ) : jen Mom , come on ! charle ' mother no . you be not wear that . no one in this house be wear that . jen compare to Debbie 's this be long . charle ' father just listen to you mother . jen I can not wear this or go to Wendy 's party ? this be not fair . charle ' mother Jennifer Anne , not fair be Africa . jen Mom 's racist . peg be there anymore English muffins ? charle ' mother I do not know , go check . charle ' father peg , tell the twin to stop . peg they do not listen to I . 35 . charle ' father hi , Joe . it all continue as Joe have enter from the front door . joe Morning , Mr. kaznyk -- charle ' mother hi , Joe . do you hear about the train accident ? joe uh ... no . charle ' mother it 's on the news . Joe be move toward the live room , where Charles sit on the sofa , eye glue to the tv , a train crash be reported on the local news ; helicopter shot of the wreck . the chyron read , " train derail - AIR force aids clean up . " Joe sit beside Charles . they both watch , stunne , as a photo of dr . woodward appear on the tv , with the head " driver of truck critically injured , be treated . " whispered : charle can you believe this ? joe no . charle it 's on the news . that mean it 's real . news reporter ( v.o . ) meanwhile , local science teacher Thomas woodward be still be treat by Air Force medical personnel after last night 's train derailment . woodward apparently fall asleep at the wheel of he pick - up truck , which be hit by the speed train at approximately one am . eighty - two train car be throw from the track in the derailment , the large such accident in Ohio 's history . the condition of woodward , who have teach at lillian Middle School for the past six year , remain unknown . 36 . both stare at the train crash , stunne . finally , quietly : joe ... look like a disaster movie , do not it ...? and we push in on charle , go from depressed and lose to inspire : charle ( whisper ) ... oh my God , Joe ... that 's awesome -- joe -- what ? charle we can use this -- we can film it -- joe ( start to smile ) -- you wanna go back ?! charle joe ( turn to he ) --okay -- Holy shit , that 's mint . you be a total brain --! we gotta get the camera fix and the film develop from last night -- I gotta go steal some more money from my mom ! ext . lillian , ohio - bridge - morning Joe and Charles ride they bike into town , across a bridge , the massive steel mill in the background -- charle if any of the footage from last night be usable , that mean we need Alice to play the wife again . joe yeah , I think she be good . charle she be mint , but she 's never gonna do it . joe I think she will . 37 . charle there 's no way . you hear what she say . joe but that be before the new page , right ? charle you honestly think she care about the scene ? ext . lillian , ohio - MAIN STREET - day tilt down from the town 's water tower -- Joe and Charles ride they bike underneath it , crossing Main Street -- two large military truck drive past , we may note the airman in the passenger seat scan the area with a handheld device . charle man , do you hear what she say last night ? " I never should have do this ! " dude , she be totally wigge ! joe yes , she be , we all be . charle do you see she face ? joe yeah , I see she face . charle man , what 's wrong with you ? joe nothing . I think she 's go to do it . they park they bike outside olsen camera and hi - FI . insert - white page the book open -- Joe 's finger go down -- find " louis dainard " and the phone number . we be in : 38 . int . olsen camera and hi - FI - morning Joe at the counter , dialing the rotary phone , Charles behind he with donny , the 19 - year-old , dark - haire , bearded salesman with a big collare button - down shirt . charle lens be crack . focus ring break . ( beat ) ya think it 's fixable ? Joe hear Alice 's phone number ringing . donny I think it 's cheaper to buy a new one . charle ( to joe ) we be screw , man , it 's over ! joe alice ( v.o. ) we can use my dad 's camera -- it 's get sound and -- hello ? joe Alice - - hi , it 's joe. Lamb . as Charles open the camera , pull out the film : alice ( v.o. ) hi ... joe so we have some new scene . for the movie . we be hope you would be in `em . alice ( v.o. ) oh -- no . no , I be do with that . Joe twirl a hang kodak " relive the memories " super 8 film promotional sign , speak in a soft voice : joe really ? ` Cause this be really good scene . Charles hand the film cartridge to donny . charle we need this develop as soon as possible -- can you do overnight ? 39 . donny asshole , no one can do overnight . you wanna buy some pot ? Charles react ; he 's never smoke anything . charle ... no , thank you . donny you guy be weak . alice ( v.o. ) I be watch the crash on the news . joe yeah , I know , I see it . ( concerned ) be you okay ? charle well , what 's the fastest you can do ? donny I can make it a rush , you get the film back in three day -- what 's you sister up to ? the hot one , not the other one . charle I do not know . alice ( v.o. ) I should go . joe alice ( v.o. ) -- wait , hold on -- lemme come over and show you the page , okay ? I will be right there . no , d-- ext . alice' house - day lower-lower - middle class house , set against wood . Joe with Alice at she front door . she seem unnerve : alice I do not care what Charles want -- I say no on the phone . 40 . joe you totally do , that 's true , I know , but -- alice and now you be at my house . joe I be , which -- under normal condition I would nev-- alice it 's too weird after last night -- I do not understand how you guy can keep work on you stupid movie , I really do not . joe we have to -- while the crash be still there . ( wait , anxious , then , very softly :) ... please ...? alice ( she consider , then : ) no . but Alice 's eye have flicked to the buick , pull up . alice ( cont 'd ) you should go . Joe watch Louis get out of the car -- the man who get arrest at he mother 's wake -- carry a small grocery bag . he see Joe and darken as he approach : louis what 's this ? alice he be just invite I to a party . Joe step back as Louis arrive ; Louis seem to hate Joe , but at the same time , can barely look at he : louis she 's not go to you party . joe yessir . Louis throw Alice a dark , resentful glare . 41 . louis you know better than this . she nod , uncomfortable . Louis turn to Joe : louis ( cont 'd ) you get outta she . you go home and do not come back , I do not wanna see you . Louis go back inside . Alice follow , turn to Joe . as awkward moment between they . then , quietly , conflict : alie I will do it . joe -- what ? she close the door . alone , despite it all , Joe be happy . off he smile , we hear loud pop : bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! ext . hilltop - day Martin -- as detective hathaway -- fire a gun -- shoot cary , dress in a dirty suit , as a man turning into a zombie -- he eye wide and glossy white -- and as he be hit by the bullet , he slam he hand onto he chest -- blood burst all over he and he fall painfully to the ground . we then find charle , behind he camera , yell out : charle CUT ! that be mint ! so good ! and it look huge with the train ! wow ! Joe : go reload the cap gun ! joe okay -- wide shot , rise past six bicycle , throw to the ground in a typical kid jumble . Charles , Joe and Preston , with Joe 's dad 's kodak camera on tripod , have be filming , they gear scattered . keep moving over they , to Martin and Alice , who be on camera . Beyond they , in the valley , the train crash seem to go forever . military truck , tent and soldier . helicopter buzz in the distant sky . Joe move over to Alice , who look out at the crash . during all this : charle we will get the other direction next - - Alice , that be mint -- Martin , go a little faster next time . 42 . martin I will try , but I be still cry about last night , I feel like I be crazy . cary sit , pull off the CUT - out ping pong ball that be cover he close eye . cary do it really look good ? my death ? close on joe as he arrive beside Alice , who look out at the train , haunt . quiet : alice ... what do you think happen ...? Joe stop reloading the gun , look out , get lose as well . joe you mean why he crash the train ? alice I just get a horrible feel . Martin have arrive there too . Preston too : martin anyone else still shaking from the crash ? preston I get in my parent ' bed last night . have not do that since I be eleven . Joe suddenly walk away from they , back toward the camera . preston ( cont 'd ) ... do I just insult he ? Joe grab the camera , near Charles : charle -- dude , what be you do ? Joe move the camera back to Alice -- he look through the lens -- use the zoom -- and we see joe' Pov -- the crash , zoom in -- he pan from one car to another . Alice watch Joe , who peer into the camera for a long beat , finally stand up , look out at the crash : 43. joe that whole thing 's a Air Force train . alice -- what ? int . diner - day the kid sit at a table at the window . the car lot be across the street . they be talk excitedly but quietly : joe I make model -- plastic one -- you know , glue `em , paint `em -- preston and he 's not embarrassed by that . cary look who 's talk , math Camp . a waitress be there , deliver more food -- charle thanks , could I have a coffee , please ? cream on the side ? waitress ( really ? ) sure . she head off . cary smile at Alice . cary he be so sophisticated . charle cary shut up , I like coffee . no one like coffee . alice keep go . joe Air Force train -- even model -- have this hook ... preston ooo ! ooo ooo ooo ! they do -- for when they train car be put on transport ship . 44 . joe every car in that crash have hook , every one ... charle Joe : stop talk about it . martin be I the only one who do not understand what this all mean ? cary probably , smartin . martin shut up , I do not like that -- joe preston Dr. woodward have that map . he drive onto the track . maybe there be something -- -- he want to destroy , he want to destroy ? yeah . charle please shut up , all of you . cary I say he be just sick of be old and want to kill himself . joe he have a gun , why not use that ? preston there be infinitely more effective way to commit suicide : pill , hanging -- cary charle pussy , stop pull the fries away . I order this for a reason . -- he get all possessive with he fries , it 's so annoying . preston ( cont 'd ) you could jump from a building . martin fall down stair . preston well , that 's not really effective . 45 . alice so , if it 's Air Force , what would the Air Force have on a train ? charle ( whisper yelling ) shhhhjesus ! you hear what the Old man say , we can not talk about this ! ( to waitress , with coffee ) -- thank you , very much . preston drown , hari kari , also know as seppuku --? cary Excuse I , could we please get another order of fries because my friend here be fat ? charle funny , chomper , at least I do not use a booster seat . martin what be you teacher even talk about ? who be we suppose to be afraid of anyway ? charle I do not wanna find out -- guy , we gotta forget we be there . Joe , seriously ... you really wanna take a chance that something could happen to you dad , too ? this land for Joe -- for all of they -- as we CUT to : ext . crash site - day the massive train wreck that go on for a mile . hundred of military work to clean up fast . a truck drive past camera , take we to Jack and nelec , who walk together amid the debris . chopper land and take off in the background : nelec yes , I understand , this crash have cause a whole mess of confusion . 46 . jack as you can expect , the local authority be try to figure out just what happen here as well as how to help you out . nelec it 's under control . it will be a very fast clean-up . jack Colonel , there be not anything I should know , be there ? nelec not that I can think of , deputy . I understand you have concern about we cargo . jack I would like to see that manifest , yes . nelec that 's not go to be possible . jack Colonel , I have get a lot of people in my town that be gonna want to know what 's take place . nelec -- what town be that ? jack ... lillian . nelec deputy , if you be ask I if we have any dangerous property on board this train , I can assure you the answer 's no . overmyer Colonel . nelec Excuse I . Jack look at nelec -- not quite believe he ... 47 . int . police station - day Jack be with sheriff pruitt , who stand , distract , pick up report from he desk , on he way out . jack they give I the run around for two hour before I be allow to talk to anyone . pruitt I would say they have they hand full , would not you ? jack nelec -- the Colonel -- refuse to show I they manifest , say they be carry mostly airplane part - pruitt it 's Air Force , Jack . airplane part sorta make sense . jack sheriff , I be tell you , there 's something else go on -- they be take mold of tire track -- now why would they be do that ? who be they look for ? and they be pack this weird little cube into crate and they be -- pruitt weird little cube ? jack -- yeah , into this red truck , dozen of this truck -- and I be tell you , they be scramble to get the hell outta there -- pruitt I would say that 's a good thing , would not you ? jack sheriff , I think you need to go check it out . preston and I think you need a break . ( beat ) Jack , I have be tell you this since Elizabeth . ( more ) 48 . preston ( cont 'd ) you be a good deputy . but you need to take a vacation . ( beat ) go home . take off you uniform . go fishing . and give you son a hug . pruitt walk off . Jack , unsettle , watch he go . int . kelvin gas station - night finger tapping -- they be finger on a counter , a walkman sit beside they . boom up to 23 - year - old breen , who dig the blondie he 's listen to . he be alone in the station store . behind he , 60 - year-old sheriff pruitt enter . sheriff pruitt hey breen , I be not sure edie 's pay you to listen to the radio . breen do not respond . the sheriff throw a candy bar at he . sheriff pruitt ( cont 'd ) breen . breen pull off the headphone . breen hey , sheriff . sheriff pruitt what 's that ? breen walkman . it 's like a stereo , play you own cassette tape . ( offer headphone ) you wanna try it ? sheriff pruitt ( pay for the candy bar ) I do not think so . kid walk around with they own stereo . just what we need . it 's a slippery slope . he exit the store . breen ... yessir . pruitt head out ; breen put the headphone on again . 49 . ext . kelvin gas station - night we see we be at the lonely gas station the kid drive past earlier . pruitt 's squad car fill up , the only car here . High overhead , a yellow kelvin sign turn atop a tall pole near the road . pruitt cross to he car . peel the candy bar . hear something , he turn -- a pack of dog run by . a distant shot as the light all momentarily dim and flicker . close up of the pump' spinning white number on black ; the gallon and dollar amount blur higher -- then a bizarre reflection -- pruitt see it , turn -- and what he see be tall and terrifying -- he drop the candy -- goe for he gun , but -- int . kelvin gas station - night breen , eye close , blast he walkman ( we only hear tinny music ) as , through the window behind he , the rear of the squad car suddenly spring upward violently as if the front section be suddenly crushed ! pruitt scream , muffled , as the car slam back to the pavement -- light flicker -- ext . kelvin gas station - night Gas pumping onto the asphalt , scream of pruitt , horrible , confounding -- int . kelvin gas station - night pruitt's scream end as breen open he eye and rip off the headphone : the hell be that ? he look outside -- see the car -- shattered window . confused , he head out -- ext . kelvin gas station - night breen move tentatively toward the crushed car -- quickly glance for pruitt , who 's miss . he get close to the car , confound by what he see -- hand shaking , he rights the pump and replace it . his heart pound as he start for the building -- but slip on the gas -- fall hard -- look up -- see whatever 's come for he -- scream as he get to he foot and run like a motherfucker -- int . kelvin gas station - night breen rush inside -- we be with he as behind he : kkkrash !!!! a explosion of glass and junk food and -- 50 . ext . kelvin gas station - night we look down upon the station from up high -- where the turn , light kelvin sign block our view for the moment -- we can only hear the horror happen inside the station until finally the sign reveal the station -- everything inside look like it 's in a blender -- there's a super -human upheaval happening in there -- and breen 's scream continue as the turn kelvin sign block our view again -- as the SOUND get unbearable , a sudden CUT to : a face . a make - up brush applying make -up . it 's alice , and she 's become a zombie . we be : int . charle ' kitchen - day Joe make she up -- a not half - bad , simple zombie make -up . pale skin , sink eye and cheekbone . in the background , the other kid prepare to film . he hand she a mirror , she gaze into it , sort of amaze . alice where would you learn how to do this ? joe mostly the Dick Smith monster make - up handbook . she nod . whatever . Charles be suddenly there , with cary : charle hey ! so I be gonna need more shot of the train crash , obviously -- you know that train model you make ? can we blow it up and film it ? Joe do not want to do this at all . at all . but ... joe ... sure . charle cary mint. gnarly ! Charles and cary head off , plan the explosion . Alice look at he knowingly . joe ( cont 'd ) I do not care , they can blow it up . I can show you the train , it 's nothing , it 's stupid . ( beat ) ( more ) 51 . joe ( cont 'd ) you wanna see it ? later ? the ... train ? my train model ? the train I make ? the light in the house dim -- brown out -- then back on . charle martin that 's like the third time dude . bitchen . that 's happen . alice so how be I suppose to be a zombie ? joe oh. just be a lifeless ghoul . someone with no soul , dead eye . scary . d' you ever have Mrs. mullin ? alice for English ? yeah -- joe -- like she . but hungry , like hungry for human flesh . to make they turn into zomby , because that 's what zomby do . Alice consider this -- then , after a beat , start do she best zombie . Joe smile , `cause it 's pretty good . joe ( cont 'd ) oh my God . that 's really good ... and Alice slowly lean in toward he -- be this performance ? or be this something else --? and she put her mouth on he neck in a fake bite , which make Joe go still -- a shiver down he spine -- he 's never feel anything like this in he life . and when she pull back , she performance over , she 's smile . he do not know what to say , try to stay cool . joe ( cont 'd ) ... not bad . ext . kelvin gas station - day we be near the gas pump , low to the ground -- dolly as Jack , edie and mr. blakely come out here . we pass SMALL shatter piece of red and blue plastic and stop and rack to the gun sheriff pruitt drop . 52 . edie -- careful , there be a gas spill . I do not even know how much fuel I have lose . mr. blakely -- you do not seem to be ask a lot of question . edie -- give this man some time , Mr. blakely . mr. blakely he 's just the deputy , he 's not the sheriff ... Jack kneel by the Smith and wesson model 19 . Jack pull out a handkerchief , lift the fun -- push in on the engrave initial " h.p . " jack be rocked by this . he open the cylinder to check if it have be fire . CUT back wide . no squad car here . Jack check out the break blue and red plastic as he make a walkie call : mr. blakely ( cont 'd ) I think this be most likely a bear attack . edie remember when I say you talk too much ? well , this be the time . jack vicky , ya hear from sheriff pruitt this morning ? voice ( v.o. ) negative , still no word . jack vicky , I need you to have dayton send a cs unit out to edie 's . you put out a apb on the sheriff and breen haskell -- send unit to they house immediately . you copy all of that ? voice ( v.o. ) ... copy . and Jack , we be get a lot of unusual call . jack ... what kind of unusual call ...? 53. ext . car lot - day angry izzy , 65 , open a new car hood : piece of the engine ripped away , messy -- dolly with he , Jack follow : izzy never see this kinda thing before . izzy open another car hood : piece missing . izzy ( cont 'd ) what the hell be I suppose to do ? insurance company think I be joke with he . look at my bonneville here -- look at this . I get a call about this car yesterday . what be I go to tell the customer ? another hood -- piece missing . jack have trouble with anyone lately , izzy ? izzy I be think , you should talk to Louis dainard . I do not help he out with financing last year , would not be surprised if this be -- some sorta sick retribution . as Jack head back to he car , three resident move to he , walk with he , ad lib : resident jack -- some strange shit have be -- d' you call the station go on . my antenna 's go -- yet . you need to call the we dog be go , he have not station . and file a report , come home this morning -- before anything can be do Jack , my light keep go on about it . and then we can and off . count on you , take care of this thing . if Jack . you do that for I , I promise you , I will handle it myself . he seem to have appease they -- but as he turn , we see how stress he be . he stop , notice four military truck drive past , slowly , antennas atop the truck , and the man inside seemingly scan the area . Jack be disturb by this . 54 . ext . hill top Joe ride along a hillside . Parks he bike . walk toward the edge . joe Lucy . Lucy . Lucy ! he stop to reveal the town of lillian . ext . lillian STREET - dusk Joe ride the street , call out : joe Lucy ! ... Lucy ! wide shot as he dip down a neighborhood hill , sun low . ext . lillian , ohio - MAIN STREET - dusk a community corkboard . Joe post up a piece of paper ; we see it now in close - up . it 's a missing dog sign for lucy . we be on Joe 's face as he finish pin it up -- when something he see make he stop . he slowly take a step back . then another ... he eye glue to the board . then we see the reverse -- slowly pulling back -- revealing that there be dozen and dozen of brand new " dog missing " sign posted on the board . it 's cover in they . Joe be so stunne , he do not notice the military truck that pass in the background behind he . int . joe' house - kitchen - night ka - bam : back door open , Joe enter . empty pizza BOX on the table . Jack and four police officer in the live room , smoking , review police report , mark map , take note -- working on the problem they 're having -- officer mike we need more help around here . officer gordon we have get four man on the pruitt case alone . we have call into dayton , they will be out in the morning ---- 55 . jack that 's not enough . people do not feel safe here -- and you know why ? ` Cause they be not -- the officer agree . Joe move into the doorway where he dad and other convene . jack ( cont 'd ) -- the Air Force be not answer a damn question : they have get truck at woodward 's house , look for something -- officer they have get truck all over town . officer jay I see a guy riding shotgun in one of that truck -- have some kind of scanner in he hand -- deputy tally -- like a geiger counter or something -- jack I know . they be say it 's just clean - up at the train crash , but they be take mold of tire track . which mean they be look for someone -- now what 's that about ? Joe have hear this and dropped he flashlight -- the man all turn , silent . Joe , on the spot : joe -- have you ... see Lucy ? jack I be sure she 's around . I put a couple of slice in the fridge for you there . deputy tally -- oh -- I eat that . sorry , kid -- joe that 's ... okay , I will find a -- then the power goe out -- the man react -- it flicker on and off -- Jack grab he radio a the power return : 56 . jack vicky , you get power at the station ? dispatch ( v.o. ) on and off . Brook County 's in the dark . jack get water and power out there now . int . joe' live room - night Joe paint he model on the floor of he live room , watch in search of and talk to Charles on he walkie talkie . joe so the Air Force be look for a car -- Alice 's dad 's car -- they be take tire print from the crash site . over . charle I do not wanna hear about it . they could be monitoring we right now ! Jesus , shut up . over ! joe ( very concerned ) and the military 's at woodward 's house . look for he research . whatever that mean ? charle Joe -- you can not flake out on I and be a dick ! be you gonna come help I tomorrow or not ? I need you to make Alice a zombie again . and Joe try to snap himself out of it . but be disturb . joe okay ... I will do the make -up . over . ext . country road - night wide shot : middle of nowhere wood area as a ohio power cherry picker truck drive up , park beside a utility pole . 57 . int . dwp cherry picker - night rooney , 49 . cigarette in he mouth , make note on a weathered clipboard . glance at the power line . do not understand what he see -- push in on he . he radio in : rooney this be rooney at Mary - 10 , be there re-rout on this line ? voice ( v.o. ) negative , but the grid through Liberty be dark . rooney ... yeah , `cause there 's no overhead line on this pole . voice ( v.o. ) -- come again ? rooney no power , no comm cable . stand by . he drive again -- we see a wide shot of the landscape -- half a dozen utility pole -- all bare -- not one wire . ext . salvage yard road - night the truck come to a stop , roadside . tall tree and a salvage yard behind they . push in on rooney who call in : rooney we get over a half mile of copper miss . voice ( v.o. ) -- that -- do not sound possible . rooney line be back up at m-38 . in the cherry picker bucket , rooney work the control . he begin lifting ; a wide shot show he rise to the bare utility pole stepdown transformer . when rooney finally get to the top , with glove hand , he inspect the transformer . after a moment , though , he stop . hear something else , past the sound of electricity . he look over toward the salvage yard . except it 's mostly hide by the tree . from here , rooney can only see the top of the junk pile . a small metallic crash . then another . 58 . rooney crane he neck to get a view . another metallic crash , this time glass breaking , too . then , in the distance , at the middle of the salvage yard , something fly into the AIR , falling and landing with a clang -thunk . rooney strain he eye to see -- what the hell be that ? a tin can ? a piece of a fender ? hard to tell from here . then , throw into the air : a car tire . it land with a thud . rooney then use the bucket control -- move backward and up -- a touch higher toward the transformer -- not exactly watch how close he be get . he stop . watch . a entire junked motorcycle fly into the air , discard , twirling , and crash land , out of sight . rooney be stunne . as the metallic rummaging sound continue , rooney move the bucket even higher -- when suddenly he bucket beep - beeps loudly -- a warning he 's too high -- and he suddenly stop it and the beeping stop -- but so do the rummage sound . silence , save for the eerie hum of power . he wait . nothing . want a better view , so he begin to lower the bucket . we be in a wide shot , see he descend , painfully slowly . then we be in a long lens close up of rooney as he slowly drop -- tight on he as he 's look over toward the salvage yard -- and it take we a minute to realize there 's fuck something behind he -- so big we didn 't see it -- coming out of the shadow -- it's got muscle and flesh and it make a ungodly SOUND and it instantly grab he -- the truck rock as we CUT inside the cab of the truck , looking out the windshield -- keeeeeeesh !!! it spider as rooney' legs impact the glass and suddenly we 're in a wide shot of the cherry picker , rocking back and forth in increasingly smaller movement , until the truck be motionless . empty . alone . then : noise -- and a amplified voice : mrs . babbit ( v.o. ) I wanna know who take `em . int . town hall - day a loud town meeting . two-hundred frustrated citizen crowd the auditorium . Jack at the podium , town official , include the local mayor sit on stage as well . currently , mrs . babbit , 52 , speak into the microphone on the floor : 59 . mrs . babbit twenty microwave oven : go from my inventory . Brook County 's without power -- this feel to I like a Russian invasion . the town roar its approval -- Jack , impotent , try : jack Mrs. babbit , I do not believe the Russians have anything to do with what 's happen in town -- but I be call the curfew because w-- mrs . babbit until you can tell I who 's mess with we , I say it 's the Soviets and we be at war . I like you , Jack , but we need sheriff pruitt back . the town erupt in agreement -- jack we have good people work on that . Mr. mccandless . a short , bald man of 65 , mr . mccandless speak : mr. mccandless since Wednesday morning , my Ham radio 's be a mess -- all sort of frequency I like to scan . some kind of buzz modulation -- have you find that ? push in on jack , hearing this -- jack Mr. mccandless , can I speak with you for a moment , privately ? the Mayor take over as Jack have a sidebar meeting with Mr. mccandless : mr. mccandless jack -- it be like have my -- that must be very annoying - radio hi-jacked -- - you do not know the frequency off-hand , do you ? -- sure I do : 13201 to 13710 , ( pull out paper , pen ) 15015 to 15048 -- 60 . ext . police station - day Jack hurry from the town meeting to the station -- woman Jack , all the tool in the garage be go . jack Patty , get in touch with vicky . David , have you see milner ? david no , sir , I have not see he . man there 's a sink hole in my garage . it almost sink a foot . jack hey Tom . Tom , have you see milner ? tom have you try he office ? jack check he office . man the power be out for day Jack continue , into : int . police station - day dolly fast with a exasperate Jack as he write , tail by assistant deputy rosko -- jack -- rosko , I need you to get every radio we have and you tune to this frequency -- understand ? rosko no. what ? jack hey Danny , you have a radio scanner with a descrambler do not you ? danny Voice inverter , yeah . 61 . jack whatever , get it down and set it up for I . rosko what be this ? jack I think the Air Force be use unassigned channel -- he head for he office , see louis , who be be escort out by a Officer across the room . louis hey -- he be at my house yesterday morning , be you aware of that ? officer rosko ( quiet to Jack ) we bring he in about the car lot and other thing -- he 's clean . louis I would appreciate it if you would inform you son that my house if off-limit . and so it my daughter . Louis head out -- hold on jack as he turn , enter he office , and as that door open , we CUT to : int . joe' room - late afternoon the door open of he messy , motherless room . Joe and Alice enter . he could not be more self - conscious . he move stack of comic , toss some dirty clothes behind the bed -- pair of underwear and sock . he close the closet and hang a bath towel on he desk chair . she look around sa she enter . the light dim , intimate . joe oh gawd , I do not clean up . Joe quickly move a pile of papers and book from the desk to the floor ; notebooks and school work spill out and we get a glimpse of some " b- minuse " and other " C - pluse " in red . Joe , embarrassed , hide they , then move to he model : alice -- you make all this ? 62 . joe yeah , that 's the hunchback of Notre Dame . I watch that one on tv . here --- Alice sit on the bed . Joe take the five - car train model . she move close : joe ( cont 'd ) this be the train they wanna destroy . Alice hold it . Joe watch she . she really look at it . alice ... it look real . ( beat , study ) it look so old ... joe that 's dry brush technique . ( off she look ) after you have paint the base color , you take something like ... ( grab up testor bottle ) Euro Gray . her face be so close to he . her hair touch he ear . alice Euro Gray ... joe there be so many different gray , it 's crazy . and you pour a little onto like a paper plate . then you take a dry brush and you just dip it in , then you brush on the paper , so the paint 's barely on the brush . then you make small brush stroke on the model . Little one , like where the wear and tear would be . around the wheel . or where the door would slide . then you do it again , like with camouflage Gray -- or here , I use insignia Red to make it look like there be another coat of paint on there before . like they paint over it , but you could see it scratch off . lose in think , he look at she . suddenly self -conscious . 63. alice what be that necklace ? ( off he awkward stare ) the one you be hold at the train crash . be it you mom 's ? it take he a beat . finally : joe my dad give it to she the day I be bear . she wear it all the time . use to . ( beat ) it be bad , how she -- die and stuff , but they get the necklace back . so. they tension interrupted by a out of breath Charles : charle guy , what the hell ?! no one know where you be . joe we be sit right here . charle you gotta be the soldier . joe I think you be call Evan . charle Evan blow we off , he 's a pussy . ( to alice ) Excuse I . alice it 's okay . charle you gotta do it . you be the only one . int . police station - jack office - day Jack with officer tally ( 24 ) : jack the hell do you mean you " find my dog in brookville ? " that 's a different county -- 64 . officer tally Lucy -- that 's where she be . we have get nearly thirty call from people who have find local dog . thing be , the call come in be not local . tally put a map on he desk -- 28 dot in a circle , anywhere from a 20 to 150 mile radius , with lillian at the CENTER . officer tally ( cont 'd ) it 's like they all just ... run away , every direction ... Jack be stunne . int . police station - day Officer rosko at he desk , with a young woman , a ham radio at he desk beside a reel -to-reel tape deck . he take note : young woman it 's not she . she never 's disappear before . officer rosko alright . now what do she look like ? young woman she 's get dark hair , it be in roller . do you know what roller be ? officer rosko yes , I know what roller be . young woman she go to she car -- suddenly a garble electronic SOUND from the ham radio . rosko quickly hit record on the reel - to-reel -- officer rosko excuse I -- he grab speaker , turn the volume knob , put the speaker close to the tape recorder , turn on recorder . 65 . int . police station - day four officer gather as Jack plays back the reel-to-reel through milner 's descrambler . he write down as they listen to men' voice , creepily filter and broken up : male voice ( v.o. ) officer -- zero-niner center opera - ( ad lib ) ocal position -- fang out . listen , that 's Air Force . cop -- confirm , operation what be they do walk distance be -- six - transmit on this three - niner , retur - - frequency ? maybe they do not eration . want anyone to find they ? maybe they be not Air Force . rosko what 's he say ? operation what ? close on -- jack : jack walk distance . ext . woodward house - day military vehicle park everywhere . personnel remove box from the house , pack it all up . but out front , Joe be dress as a airman , perform with Martin , dress as the detective . military truck surround the house . hathaway be with a soldier : detective hathaway I come as soon as I could , what 's happen here ? officer joe military police investigation . it be a suicide . detective hathaway suicide ? who be it ? officer joe a former Air Force officer . he call I last night , say he have a secret that he could not keep any longer . Officer Joe hand hathaway a file . hathaway look at it . 66 . detective hathaway what 's this ? officer joe he work at romero Chemical . he find out some thing the company 's be do . after what you tell I at the bar , I think you should know . cary behind the camera , Charles beside he : cary ( quietly ) be we gonna get in trouble here --? charle ( whisper - yell ) shhhh ! production value ! it 's for the movie ! detective hathaway this prove it . they know , the company know . thank you so much for the information . officer joe we just make the discovery ourselves . you understand this be top secret . detective hathaway of course . officer joe I would never have give you this information if you and I have not serve together in Vietnam . as it continue , we see Alice behind the camera , watch Joe , smile . but then she see something that disturb she : Jack 's cruiser pull up . int . woodward house - day a dozen officer go through hundred of cardboard box of document . book and personal belonging be put into box , take from the house . overmyer enter , cross to nelec , who review a folder . overmyer nothing so far -- 67 . nelec how much more be there ? overmyer sixty box in the basement , maybe more . nelec what , more tax return ? overmyer it 's here somewhere . if we can not find it , woodward will tell we where it be . but nelec have see something outside : the kide . nelec ... the hell 's that ? overmyer ... look like kid make a movie ... behind they , a window , show the street , where Jack insist Joe get into the car . nelec look out -- see Jack take Joe by the arm , grab the tripod and head to he squad car . ext . woorward house - day as Jack get out , he see the kid and be not happy . he move toward Joe and he friend : charle Joe . ( to jack ) hey , Mr. Lamb ! Joe spin around as Jack arrive , grab he camera from Charles and say firmly , to Joe : jack get in the car . Joe be stunne -- instantly humiliate in front of Alice -- he 's take back to the squad car -- charle uh -- Mr. Lamb ? that 's you camera , but technically , that 's my film -- 68 . Jack open the car 's back door -- Joe get in -- Jack slam it shut , then throw the camera and tripod into the passenger seat and slam that door , head to the house , leave Joe in the back . nelec head outside -- Jack move to he : nelec I would like to help you out deputy . I really would . but we operate on a need to know basis . jack why be you truck sweeping the town ? nelec we will be out of you way shortly . jack then I be sure you would not mind I contact DC . talk to some friend about " walk distance . " this land on nelec . jack ( cont 'd ) all right . we will do it that way . Jack head off . nelec deputy . ( jack turn ) let 's talk . just not here . Jack stop , turn to uncomfortable nelec . int . squad car - day Joe , he breathe heavy , sit in the car , heart pound , watch he father move over to talk to nelec , close again . then he look over at he friend -- Charles give he a " what the fuck ?! " look . Alice watch he sympathetically . she mouth to he a guilty , " ... be it I ...? " and Joe shake he head : " no . " but we -- and she -- know better . ext . joe' house - day the squad car pull up . Jack get out , Joe follow -- the camera pull back to reveal that we be : 69 . int . joe' house - day door open . Jack enter , then let Joe pass he . Joe close the door hard and say , angrily , but restrain : jack this be new . all this . for the both of we . deal with -- all this , just we . so I be go to make this as clear and simple as I can : you be not friend with Alice dainard . when I say no , I do not mean maybe . I do not mean yes . I mean no . I have know Louis dainard for alotta year -- he 's be nothing but trouble . you mother use to say he 's not a bad guy , he just need a chance , he 's just sad - - well I try to be good to he , but I can not . not anymore . I will not allow he or he daughter in this house . I will not allow you spend time with she , do project or whatever it be that you be do . that's it . I hope we be clear . Jack turn to leave -- but Joe , enraged , say : joe we be not clear . Jack stop -- stunne -- Joe 's heart pound -- jack what would you say ? joe we be not clear . you and I be not clear about anything . we could not be less clear . jack Joseph Francis Lamb -- joe ( erupting ) just `cause mom die do not mean you know anything about I !!! you do not . you do not know about Alice either -- she 's kind ! 70 . jack I be not have this discussion with you --! joe she 's nice to I ! jack I do not care what she be ! her father be a selfish , irresponsible son-of-a-bitch ! Jack move close to Joe -- intimidating -- Joe step back -- Jack be fuck intense : jack ( cont 'd ) you listen to I , I have get twelve thousand people in this town that be scared out of they mind -- they have get one person they can rely on -- it use to be someone else , but now it 's just I . Jack suddenly stop himself , realize what he 's say . and to whom he 's say it . but somehow , in this moment , he can not be a better father than law officer . not yet . more upset at himself than Joe , he head out . ext . lillian STREET - dusk Joe ride up a hill -- boom up -- reveal the town cemetery . ext . cemetery - night Joe sit , he back against he mother 's grave . hold she OPEN locket , stare at it . he 's just come here for comfort . but then -- a SOUND -- and Joe turn . deep and low , in the distance . Joe be motionless . hear it again . he stand , pull out he flashlight -- aim the beam down rows of grave , toward the big caretaker' shed in the distance . another intense , low SOUND -- then a high pitch hit , like metal on wood and Joe back up , nervous . another odd sound -- then another -- which transition US to : ext . municipal airport entrance - night Jack 's squad car arrive at the abandon airfield . 71 . ext . municipal airport build - night Jack 's car pull up . he get out of the car . suddenly the three large military truck ' headlight come on -- all aim at Jack -- he be blind -- try to see -- jack hello --? and now body be see of soldier , hold and aim weapon . then , a voice over a truck PA : voice ( v.o. ) Drop you weapon . put you hand on the car . jack -- I be here to see Colonel nelec . he tell I to meet he here . voice ( v.o. ) you be under military arrest . Drop you weapon . jack where' nelec ? int . military medical room - night tight on nelec . past a iv and medical machinery . he 's look at someone we do not yet see . in the background , overmyer stand , watch . nelec be quiet , simple : nelec I do not want any more trouble . do you ? now we see who he 's talk to . it's dr . woodward . batter and scrape , he lie in a medical bed , afraid , but defiant . nelec ( cont 'd ) we have be go through you belonging , look for evidence . of what you know , how you know it ... and who else might know . ( beat ) I remember you . in the lab . and I recall we do not see eye to eye , but that 's no excuse for do what you do here . 72 . Dr. woodward swallow . feel that he time on Earth be come to a end no matter what he do here . by the door , overmyer be quietly put on he black glove . nelec ( cont 'd ) so in the spirit of move forward and avoid more trouble , tell we where you put you research . I know you have someone document the crash that night . tell I who that be and I will help you , I swear to God . on my mother 's life -- if you help we now , we will take care of you . dr . woodward I have see what happen , Mr. nelec , when you take care of people . nelec -- I be go to bait he . I be go to catch he . dr . woodward he 's in I , you know . as I be in he . so when you see he next , as I be sure you will ... I will be watch you , too . nelec offer a vague , search smile . but woodward will not - - not ever -- relent . so. nelec move to the door , he remain facing camera , he back to woodward , as overmyer move to the bed . push in on nelec' face , understanding he true nature as we CUT to : int . joe' room - night Joe sleep , power still out . then , a knock . he wake up . another knock . his window . he move to it . open it . it 's Alice . Joe be half asleep , but also stunne . very quietly : alie -- be you -- be you sleep ? joe before , earlier , b - - no , you okay ? alice yeah . joe ( beat ) oh , you wanna come in ? 73. and Alice climb in . Joe sit on the floor . Alice do too . it 's odd and silent for a moment . alice power 's still out . joe room 's still messy . alice I be in bed , could not sleep . ( beat ) think . I want to tell you something , before tomorrow -- do not let Charles blow up you train . Joe stare , amaze at she . alice ( cont 'd ) I do not think it 's right , do you ? I know he 's you friend , but he 's so bossy -- joe he can be sorta li -- I have know he since kindergarten , though -- alice he should not always get what he want . I mean , who always get what they want ? -- I know I do not know you at all . even though ... it sort of feel like I do . ( beat ) do you not ... feel like that ? joe -- no , I totally do , I be just ... sort of in shock at this whole conversation -- and the power return -- Joe 's clock light go on behind he -- but more chill , the projector come back on ; the silent home movie of he mother plays . Joe crawl to the projector to stop it -- but : alice -- no , keep it -- please -- Alice move closer to the screen . Joe sit behind she . she watch the film . can not take she eye away . alice ( cont 'd ) ... be that she ? 74 . joe ... yeah ... and as Alice watch , we gently push in ... as tear start to fill she eye . behind she , at a near whisper : joe ( cont 'd ) ... it 's so weird watch she like this , like she 's still here ... ( beat , lose in it ) ... she use to look at I , this way ... like really look . and I just ... know I be there . that I exist . a tear drop down Alice 's face , though Joe can not see that . finally , quietly : alice he drank that morning . my dad . ( beat ) he miss he shift . ( beat , hard ) you mom take it for he . the day of the accident . watch he mother , Joe be quietly stunne . finally , eye wet , Alice turn to Joe . alice ( cont 'd ) ... I know he wish it be he . instead of she . ( hard beat ) ... and sometimes I wish it be , too . Joe just stare at she ... heartsick and speechless . finally : joe do not say that . ( beat ) he 's you dad . just then , the super 8 movie end : the film flipflipflip . Joe turn off the projector -- but a SOUND remains . a sort of shudder -hum . Joe unplug the projector , but the sound remain . then they look : the shuddering be coming from the cube he take from the crash site , sit on he desk . Joe and Alice move to it . he turn on he desk lamp . the cube vibrate , almost imperceptibly . alice joe -- have this --? -- no . 75 . Joe open a drawer , grab a paintbrush -- he touch the cube -- the thing shudder on its own . they be amaze . they get low -- eye at desk level -- the shuddering increase in pitch and volume -- he reach out to touch it with he finger , but suddenly the cube bullet away - - across the room -- and blast through the wall , leaving a five -inch hole in the wall ! she scream -- they both fall to the floor , stunned -- push in on Joe , he heart pound . he move to the wall -- look through the hole : in the distance , tree and the town water tower . int . alice' house - night Alice enter the dark house quietly . she step carefully toward she room , when -- louis ( o.s. ) Morning . his voice make she jump . she turn : sit in the dark , in a armchair , be she father . he 's awake . and drunk . louis ( cont 'd ) you wanna tell I where you be ? or you want I to tell you . a tense beat , she mind race . breathe , Alice , just breathe . louis ( cont 'd ) sit down . alice I should go to bed . louis I wanna talk to you . I say sit down . alice I do not want to sit down . louis then go . be just like you mother and leave . this kill she -- but she do : she leave the house . louis ( cont 'd ) go ahead , go ! 76 . ext . alice' house - pre-dawn Alice , cry , get on she bike and ride off -- a distant fiery glow past the factory and over the hill . the front door open -- Louis come out and yell , miserable : louis alice !!! wait !!! but she 's far go -- Louis ' mind race -- he run to he buick -- start it up -- pull out fast and go after she -- ext . lillian STREET - pre-dawn Alice pedal hard , she want to escape everywhere . no car on the street , no people . a block behind she , screech : a car turn onto the road . her father 's car -- she make a turn -- int . buick - pre-dawn we be with Louis as he drive -- clearly drunk -- ext . sharp turn road - pre-dawn Alice make a dare stop -- turn back up the hill , pedal hard , cry and hyperventilate -- louis alice !!! i'm sorry !!! Louis see she , try to stop , but can not -- and he car slam into a parked car in a violent , sudden stop ! ext . lillian STREET - pre-dawn Alice gasp -- stop pedale -- look back at she father 's car , wide - eye and terrify -- should she go back ?! int . buick - pre-dawn Louis be bleed . badly hurt . he adjust himself -- painfully -- then look into the cracked - glass rear view mirror -- and he sees something that make he eye go wide . 77 . ext . lillian STREET - pre-dawn alive be still look back at the car -- so she doesn't see the shape that be coming behind her -- and just as she decide : i'm not go back , she turn to begin riding on -- but sees something and scream -- int . buick - pre-dawn through the mosaic of the shatter rear view mirror , we see the creature grab alice -- her scream become her father be : louis -- alice , no !!!!! no !!!!!!! Louis try to get out of the car -- but it 's painful -- and he door be jammed shut -- he go for the passenger door -- ext . lillian STREET - pre-dawn -- when Louis finally get out -- he run from he car -- stumbling drunk and bleed -- scream , shredd he vocal chord -- louis alice !!! but all that 's there be she bike -- and before he can even get that far , Louis fall hard onto the pavement , cry , a drunken , horrify , shocked , batter mess . in a wide shot , louis be in the middle of the street , Alice 's fall bike on the sidewalk . ext . field - night in the great distance , the water tower . we boom down in a massive wide shot of a field at night . then a long lens shot of six soldier stand in the field . but one stand out front , wear a flame thrower . and suddenly the quiet be break by the roar of flame . a wide , wide overhead shot as the flame arc in the tall , dry grass . over the radio : voice firelight be 0500 hour . operation walk distance be in effect . t- minus four hour until evacuation . evacuation be t-minus four hour . 78 . ext . lillian , ohio - early morning the distant factory , the even more distant mountain , and a ominous plume of smoke -- a far- off siren be heard . then : joe ( v.o. ) why be you not reacting ? int . olsen camera and hi - FI - morning Joe stand at the counter with Charles , who be in a bad mood . joe ( emphatic whisper ) that thing go through my wall . charle I tell you not to pick it up in the first place . joe what be you so angry about ? that I be not go to let you blow up my train ? charle that 's part of it ! jut a part ! donny 's return with a developed film envelope . a red " rush " stamp on it . he give Charles he change : donny tall you sister donny from Olsen 's break up with Karen , that shit end a week ago . Charles head off -- Joe follow . ext . olsen camera and hi - FI - day as Charles ride off with the film , Joe follow -- and we boom up along the water tower as they go -- joe what 's you problem ? charle my whole movie 's a disaster `cause of you ! joe I know , my dad 's be a turkey . 79 . charle whatever . joe we be still gonna finish you movie ! charle it 's not about the movie . joe what be you talk about ? of course it be . charle just forget it . joe why ? charle there 's nothing wrong -- as we continue booming up , we arrive at the top of the water tower , where the cube have affixed itself to the side -- unseen from the street . in the distance , the threatening FIRE smoke loom -- ext . charle ' house - day as Joe and Charles ride they bike up to he house : joe I will get the camera back , I know where my dad put it -- we can still make the festival . charle it 's not about the movie . joe then what be it about ? charle Jesus , you do not even get it do you ? it 's obvious . joe what 's obvious ? charle gawd , you be a dumb ass . 80 . frustrate beyond belief , Charles go inside . Joe follow . int . charle ' room - day Charles thread the film into the projector . charle that night of the crash , you start get all weird . joe -- what ? charle like Mr. attitude all of a sudden . joe you movie be over ! that 's what you say ! you be upset . I give you a camera ! I help you ! charle do not pretend like you do it for I ! you do not do it for I and you know it ! joe what 's you problem ? Charles roll the film , dim the light -- charle it be never about I ! it be always about Alice ! and suddenly on the poster board pin to the closet , there she be : alice , from the night of the train crash . the scene play as they film it : mrs . hathaway John . I do not like it . this case . this murder . detective hathaway what be I suppose to do , go to Michigan with you ? the filmed scene continue as Joe and Charles argue : joe well , you be the one who want the wife in the movie ! 81 . charle not so you could fall in love with she ! Joe 's mind spin -- how do he respond to this ?! joe what do you even care what I think about Alice ?! charle because I like she ! that 's why ! that 's why I ask she in the first place ! so I could get to know she , not you ! joe -- wait , you like Alice dainard ? charle you be such a idiot . joe ( from Charles ' movie ) guy , look out ! they watch for a moment as the train crash happens -- but it 's so sudden , so fast , the camera pick up almost nothing . within a moment , the camera be on its side , filming the settling debris . Charles move forward , so the film be now partially be projected on he . charle shit ! look at all that smoke ! we can not use any of this . and you will not even let I blow up you train . everything 's bogus . joe we can make another train and blow that one up . Joe move forward . part of the film projected on he , too . joe ( cont 'd ) I do like she . sorry about that . cjar shut up . it 's okay . ( beat ) that 's not even what bother I . ( beat , finally , sad ) it 's that she like you too . that really bother I . I dunno ... 82. but Joe have see something -- on the screen -- sotto : joe ... Charles ... charle I know it 's stupid . what would she ever like I ? I have not lean out yet , which the doctor say be gonna hap -- but Joe have slap Charles ' arm , he eye lock to the screen -- Charles look too -- and now we see it : through the broken camera lens -- something move -- something big -- from the train car , through the wreckage -- what the hell be it ? too damn big -- mostly out of frame , its shape and flesh too bizarre -- we only see the legs as it clear frame -- charle ( cont 'd ) -- Joe , what the hell --?! push in on there face as they see the alien they 've capture on film -- then from outside : a AIR raid siren ramp , whining through the town . the boy look at each other -- afraid . quick close - ups as they rewind the film and rip it out and take the cannister : ext . lillian neighborhood - day wide shot of the neighborhood -- in the distance : military truck , jeep and buse drive . neighbor come from they home in the mid - ground : confusion and talk , more vehicle . finally , as we boom down , rack to joe and charle , try to make sense of this -- Joe call to a pass adult , mr . harkin : joe Mr. harkin . what 's go on ? mr. harkin evacuation ! the fire ! Mr. harkin point -- Joe turn to look -- we pan : the distant smoke , big and looming . various shot of military buss stopping -- soldier ordering and assisting people onto vehicle -- carry all the belonging they can . other quickly load up car , strapping belonging to the roof . over all this : 83. PA voice ( o.s. ) -- due to a wildfire that be raging out of control and threaten to reach the lillian Chemical Plant -- other people in a panic , run to find other who be lose . a little girl cry amid the madness . PA voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) -- a evacuation have be call for you safety . please remain calm and as you board the bus ... int . bus - day Joe and Charles get on , frighten and uncomfortable . they sit . outside : the madness of the evac -- they scan the crowd . joe charle you see you family anywhere ? -- no , you see you dad ? -- no ... ext . lillian , ohio - day the evacuation buse drive through Main Street -- pass soldier who be moving in the red cargo truck that we may recognize from the train crash site : the content from the train be be move into the CENTER of town . ext . countryside - day super wide shot as a endless line of buse , car and truck make its way from lillian to ... ext . greenville AIR force base - day the bus drive past the guard gate into the base -- into the huge hangar that we be in earlier . that who drive themselves park there car -- and be ushere to the hangar . donny step out of he 1972 pontiac catalina , carry a duffel . rack focus to see we be in the bus with Joe , who have see donny -- and they drive inside the hangar -- int . greenville AIR force base hangar - day armed Air Force and National Guard soldier direct mass of people , carry luggage and belonging . move with Joe and Charles , who scan for familiar face -- suddenly Charles ' mother be there -- embrace Charles : 84 . charle ' mother Charles , Charles -- sweetheart , be you okay ? I go back to the house and you be go . charle they make we get on the bus . charle ' mother hi , Joe . joe hi. ( to charle ) I be gonna find my dad . charle you gonna tell he about that thing ? joe yeah . charle ' mother come back if you can not find he . he head off . order be be barked -- resident can be hear , complain and argue . walkie squawks and PA announcement as soldier check they wrist band . Joe pass a arguing man and soldier : arguing man arguing soldier -- I need to go back to my -- sir , the town be seal house , I leave some medication off -- no one be allow back that my wife need -- -- you can talk to the nurse -- no , we can not get it here -- the town must stay anywhere else , I need to go empty until we have be give back -- the all - clear -- boom up to reveal the evac CENTER . a thousand people so far . int . greenville AIR force base hangar - day louis lie in a cot in the triage unit , fifty bed transfer from the hospital . Louis stare off , head bandage , eye open , muttering to himself , like a man as tired , hang over , injure and in shock as he be . find Joe , who be look everywhere for he dad -- he finally see Louis and hurry to he . 85 . joe Mr. dainard , it 's Joe Lamb . I know you do not like I sir , and I be sorry about that -- but I be look for my dad -- and Louis grab he shirt and pull he close . in a voice desperate and heartsick , he say : louis it take she . joe ( long beat , sotto ) ... what ? louis it take she . I see it . it be ... something ... so ... big , like nothing -- it be -- and no one ... no one believe I ... ( crying ) ... no one believe I -- they just keep give I pill . it take she ... Joe , it take Alice ... no one believe I . Joe 's mind be on fire as he absorb this -- he whisper : joe ... I believe you . and Louis look at he with hope -- joe ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it take Alice . CUT to joe with he friend , assemble around a set of cot . charle cary that thing take she --?! -- be you shitting I ? joe ( cont 'd ) guy , we have to go back . they look at he like he 's from Uranus . charle preston back where ? to do what ? joe ( cont 'd ) back to town -- to find Alice -- we have to find she -- 86 . martin joe she 's dead , if it take she , she -- -- do not say that ! preston wait a minute -- first of all , I want to live . okay ? joe I be go whether you come or not -- which I really hope you do . cary ( pat he backpack ) I have get six ton of explosive in here , let 's find that thing and blow it to shit . int . greenville AIR force base hangar - day Jen , Charles ' hot sister , lie on she cot make she Columbia House record choice . Charles be in she face . jen as if I be gonna help you . charle do this for I and I will babysit the twin next week so you can go to Wendy 's stupid party . Jen suddenly close she magazine , stare at he suspiciously . charle ( cont 'd ) I be not shitting you . you can not ask I any question though . you can not tell anyone . I be serious . no one . jen ... do it have to be he ? charle yes or no , you ugly freak . I be about to rescind the offer . int . greenville AIR force base hangar - day Jen look right as US , vulnerable , but seductive : 87 . jen this whole evacuation thing 's freaking I out . make I rethink my priority . saw you over here and think maybe we could kick back . now we see donny , look right at US . utterly stunne . donny -- we totally could . jen I ask Charles about you , and he say you be a great guy -- donny I totally be . jen will you hate I if I start we relationship by ask a favor ? ext . greenville AIR force base hangar - day moving past as donny move through parked car , Joe , Charles , cary and Martin keep up : donny so there be rule to be in my car , okay ? cary where the hell be we go anyway ? joe we be go to the school to open the trailer woodward have in the parking lot . I bet that 's where he keep he research . the boy duck as soldier pass by . cary what research ? joe we be gonna learn everything we can about that thing so we can find it . and that 's how we be gonna save Alice . 88. donny dork : no shoe on the upholstery and no one touch the cb , gottit ? charle you think woodward 's get information about that thing in the dungeon ? joe why else be there padlock on the door ? ( to donny ) we be go to the school . donny when do this one get so bossy ? int . municipal airport room - day a small , tile room , no window . Jack , up all night and piss off , but bored be piss off , pound on the door : jack hey ! I gotta take a leak ! what be I suppose to do , piss in here ?! a beat . he pound again . the door finally unlock and open . a 32 - year-old humorless , armed soldier stand there . jack ( cont 'd ) thanks for the hospitality . int . municipal airpot corridor - day Jack be lead down a dilapidate , narrow hall . soldier with the semi-auto behind he , aim at he back . as Jack pass a open door , he spy a empty office -- through the window on the tarmac be a few military vehicle , a handful of airmen . Jack 's mind race as he approach the bathroom at the end of the hall -- Jack turn : jack so be I go in alone or be y--? -- and mid - sentence , jack grab the gun , pull the soldier and slam he hard in the throat ! the stunned soldier get slam-flattened by jack , who kneel to he . push in close -- he eye wide , mind racing -- what the hell next ? CUT to : 89 . int . municipal airport build - day behind a soldier as he run through the dark building -- oh shit -- he come to a stop , back against the wall -- but push in on he face : it's jack , in a AIR force uniform . he be fuck scared ; at least he 's hold a rifle . he peel around a corner -- through a window , the tarmac : guard , vehicle . Jack 's eye shift -- he spot a aircraft fuel tank . eye wild -- a metallic cli - chunk as he unsafeties the rifle -- ext . municipal airport - day a soldier cross to a vehicle , on he radio when kafa - booooom ! the fuel tank explode , a massive blast ! the airmen take cover , run to move nearby vehicle , general mayhem -- and we camera boom up -- to the military jeep that drive away from the airfield -- int . jeep - day Jack behind the wheel , he blast the vehicle through the exit , along the road back to town -- ext . countryside - late afternoon Jack drive up in the jeep -- come to a stop in shocked close up -- we see in the distance the Mass of vehicle drive from town -- Jack 's mind race -- ext . countryside - late afternoon the jeep race past camera -- we pan -- revealing as approaching car : donny'' catalina : int . donny'' car - late afternoon donny drive , Joe shotgun . Charles , cary and Martin in back . martin well , so guy , if the Air Force have already search woodward 's house , would not they have already searched the classroom too ? cary Hay donny , this car be gnarly . 90 . charle I be think about that too . joe maybe the classroom , but not the dungeon . charle yeah , woodward have all kind of weird stuff in the dungeon . martin where 's the dungeon ? donny shut up . what kind of music do she like ? you sister . charle I do not care . disco I guess ? donny I could get back into disco . joe we should not take River Road , they have a roadblock . donny dork . I see it . observe . donny yank the steering wheel -- he turn onto a dirt road -- the car rumble away from camera -- ext . middle school - dusk donny 's car pull up , light go off . the kid pile out -- donny so what , I wait here like a douche ? joe yes . thank you very much . do you have a tire iron ? ext . middle school - dusk a shot of the boy climbing a fence . they move fast across the alley , to a trailer lock with a padlock -- the dungeon . 91 . Joe try prying the lock off with the tire iron -- it do not budge . charle Joe , let I try -- let I try . Joe hand the tire iron to Charles -- he try -- nothing . as Martin grab the tire iron : charle ( cont 'd ) Joe , this be impossible , man . Martin break off the latch -- bam ! charle ( cont 'd ) -- I loosen it for you . now we CUT to darkness -- we be inside the dungeon as it open -- the boy look directly at US -- they face say it all : the mother lode . joe guy -- martin charle look at all this junk . he 's get movie in here . int . middle school hall - dusk the boy -- with flashlight -- turn a corner -- hurry down the hall -- charle I can not believe we be break into school , who do that ? no one do that -- idiot do that -- the boy break a classroom door window and enter . int . classroom - night - later we be look down at the boy , surrounded by hundred of document , box , photograph , 16mm film cannister and cassette tape . Charles thread the film . joe Dr. woodward be dishonorably discharge from nellis Air base in 1963 because of " subversive conduct , " whatever that be . 92 . Joe hold up a 20 - year - old photo of men in a lab . among they be 50 - year - old woodward : marin dude , check it out . Old man woodward . charle back when he be like Middle - age man woodward . martin -- he 's be tracking this thing since like 1958 . joe ( to the movie ) what be this ? charle I do not know . it say April 8th , 1963 incident . I dunno . joe cary , we get to find this thing . cary sorry . cary put a cassette into a tape deck , hit play : dr . woodward ( v.o. ) joe -- I tell they this creature be more sophisticated than any of we . that he species -- that 's he -- be predominantly subterranean . he 's be -- subterranean -- treat without compassion or respect .... various shot of photograph and document : " ufo crash , " " major nelec in charge of operation , " " two alien body , one live , " " restraint used , " " experiment conducted " -- as Charles thread a film : the film : a AIR force logo pop on and off . we see inside a hangar , where dozen of scientist examine large , bus - size piece of jag and unearthly material . all the while : dr . woodward ( v.o. ) -- I explain that all he want be to rebuild he ship . ( more ) 93. dr . woodward ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a craft make up of that cube of a complex , shape - shifting element -- remarkable material that we will never fully understand . he have be desperate to reconstitute he ship since it crash here in ` 58 , but instead of give he the help he need , we have hold he as a prisoner . he 's be restrain and experiment upon -- through pain and lack of compassion , we have teach he to hate we all . we have turn he into a enemy . scientist explain something to a group of senior officer . among they , a 32 - year - old nelec . Film jump cut to a huge reinforced lab cage . Inside , sit almost in a ball , be the massive creature . hard to see here . another jump CUT as a soldier offer a bucket of food to the alien -- it's woodward . cary guy , it 's Dr. woodward . look . woodward offer what look like RAW meat to the motionless , sit creature . all the boy watch quietly -- then , suddenly , in millisecond , the creature be up , grabbing woodward through the bar -- the boy jump -- charle martin arh ! I can not watch that ! dr . woodward ( v.o. ) I tell they I know this thing because he make contact with I . that he make a psychic connection by touch . the moment we make contact , I understand he and he , I . what I know be that if we do not change this and start help he , we will all pay the price . but nelec will not listen -- the boy be scare as they watch the creature hold woodward tight -- lift he -- and its tentacles suddenly thrust into he nose , ear and mouth -- Joe stand and look intently at the screen . joe woodward be not try to kill it . 94 . charle he be try to help it escape . just then a muffled shatter -crash -- martin do you hear that ? suddenly boom ! the door burst OPEN and armed commandos , night vision goggle obscuring there face , aiming semi - auto weapon at the boy who scream -- charle commando don't kill US ! please don 't ( call on radio ) kill US !!! please don't kill -- we have get civilian -- US !!! minor -- four of `em . int . donny'' car - night donny get stone in he car . do not notice the movement in the distance behind he . the military come in . int . middle school - night the locker hallway : the boy be handcuffed and scare , be lead out by armed soldier . nelec move to they . quietly : charle -- oh shit ! nelec search they . overmyer check there pocket as nelec take cary backpack , open it -- pull out some firework . proudly : cary I roll that m - 80 's myself , that 's right . nelec ( eye flick to Joe ) you be the deputy 's boy . Joe 's terrify as overmyer pull from Joe 's pocket a couple coin , half a pack of bubble yum and he mother' necklace . drop everything but the necklace . Joe react , panicked -- joe -- hey , no -- 95 . nelec ( to overmyer ) move out . Joe 's on the verge of tear as overmyer pocket the necklace . off the terrified boy as they be ushere away -- ext . middle school - night the boy be put onto the bus -- boom down to donny'' car in the foreground , where we realize that we haven't be the only audience to this : donny , sink deep in he seat , hide , watch wide - eye as the bus drive away . donny ... oh shit ... his stone mind race . stay hide from the remain military , donny scramble for he cb , turn to channel 9 , grab the mike , speak quietly , frantic : donny ( cont 'd ) breaker breaker , request police backup , over ?! breaker breaker , be this the police channel ? int . greenville AIR force base hangar - night Jack move fast through the crowded evac area -- soldier staff sergeant . jack hi , how be you do ? young kid hi , Mr. Lamb . jack shhhh . Jack move to Officer rosko , who react to see he dress this way -- jack ( cont 'd ) rosko ! officer rosko where the hell you be ? what be you wearing -- 96 . jack -- come here . the Air Force set that fire , they want the town empty for some reason . the whole military operation , the evacuation , everything be all bad . officer rosko do you hear about Joe ? dispatch just get a call on citizen 's band : Joe and some friend be grab by military personnel at the middle school . off Jack 's reaction -- int . greenville AIR force base hangar - night Preston read isaac asimov' science fiction magazine -- suddenly Jack be there , grab he and pull he up : jack tell I everything , right now , and I will not throw you in jail . preston -- yessir -- ( hold the super 8 film ) but you should look at this first . ext . road - night the transport bus speed on the road , the only vehicle here . int . / ext . transport bus - night angle on the driver as a radio call come in : voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) base fortress request eta . nelec arrive , grab the radio mike : news reporter Chief master sergeant , dustoff-03 be twenty minute out . voice ( v.o. ) Roger . 97 . pan as nelec move back -- we push in on overmyer , who sit near the front , put on he dark glove . nelec sit , which take we to a shot towards the back of the bus -- another airman , hernandez , 40 , sit too . push past they toward we four boy , sit cuffed and seat- belt behind the dirty , wire safety glass , all look toward we , terrify . charle ... what ... what 's gonna happen ? cary I think we be gonna die . martin no . they would never do that . joe -- guy -- I force you to come with I ... I be ... I be so sorry . ( look to Charles ) I be so sorry ... cary I think they be gonna kill we . charle ( unconvincing ) Joe . they be not gonna kill we . you know why ? Joe be suddenly hopeful : joe ... why --? but just as he 's speak , a shape from the darkness behind he slam hard into the bus , spider - webbing the bulletproof glass ! the entire bus be rocked , Charles scream , hurt -- at the front of the bus , nelec fall -- hit a bench , then crash into the side window -- ext . road - night the bus be hit so hard it ride for a moment only on its right tire -- int . transport bus - night the military driver struggle with the wheel -- 98 . driver -- hold on . hold on --!!! charle be that the thing from the train ?! ext . road - night the bus slam back onto the road , loud -- a tire blows ! we move around the bus -- just missing seeing the creature -- int . transport bus - night the kid panic as the hobbled bus still drive -- charle be that it ?! oh my God !!! martin I can not see anything -- do you see anything ? jie -- not yet --! driver -- Sir , I gotta pull over ! ext . road - night high overhead : the bus come to a sudden screeching stop . int . transport bus - night Charles look forward -- charle oh my God , guy -- Joe turn to see nelec loading a rifle , strain to see out a driver 's side window . mayhem : charle ( cont 'd ) what 's that gun --? cary , behind he , actually answer he : 99 . cary charle sako bolt action , 30-06 ( pronounce : thirty -aut-six ) -- okay okay okay , I get it -- leathwood Art scope -- hernandez make a radio call , overmyer strain to see out the window as nelec lock and load the unique ammo and move to a driver 's side window , try to see -- hernandez overmyer -- repeat , contact with precious cargo , thirty click -- sir , I do not have visual - from center of town , - Driver , can you see currently head for base anything ? fortress -- hernandez driver -- send support immediately ! no sir , nothing ! despite he handcuffs , Charles desperately try to unlatch he seatbelt with he shaking hand -- cary see this : cary Charles , what be you do ? charle I do not feel good about this -- push in on cary , to closeup , look past camera , terrified -- cary -- oh God -- guy -- through the windshield -- the creature emerge from the dark like a ghost through black velvet -- hit by the headlight , it roar at such a pitch and volume that the windshield spider ! it 's out of the light and go again -- push in on nelec -- newly terrify , he hand he tracking rifle to overmyer : nelec here . tag it . overmyer be stunne for a moment , but hide it well : overmyer yessir . nelec open the door . reluctant as hell , for a tense beat , the Driver pull the control : the door hiss loudly as it open . 100 . in the back , the boy be all freeze for a moment , watch . overmyer move for the door . five foot away from the door , he stop , turn back to nelec : overmyer be there anywhere in particul -- kkkkrrrrrasshhh !!!! the thing reach in -- shatter the door -- the Driver scream -- the thing grab overmyer , who drop the rifle -- it fire -- the projectile hit the safety glass in front of the boy as overmyer , grabbed , blood in he mouth , tries to hold onto the seat , reaching for nelec , who doe nothing -- overmyer be violently yanked out of the bus -- Joe in SHOCK -- behind he , Martin vomit . nelec get US out of here , now ! now !!! ( to hernandez ) what kind of firepower do we have ? charle scramble to unlatch he seatbelt -- joe Charles ! maybe you should wait ! charle for what ?! another monster ?!?! baaam !!! the bus be slammed so hard -- ext . road - night the bus be pushed twenty feet from something on the other side -- then it tip over and crash to the ground : int . transport bus - night window shatter -- Charles and cary -- seatbelt remove -- land on joe and martin ! the three soldier hit the window - floor painfully -- hernandez so hard he 's instantly unconscious ! the bus be now motionless on its side , OPEN door up . nelec rise . scare , but piss . the rear wheel of the bus scream in rotation -- we countermove with the creature as it come around the other side , climb onto the expose side -- metal and window crunch -- the boy gather they wit -- light flashing hauntingly -- 101 . joe -- you guy okay ?! charle -- I wanna go home so bad -- Joe move to the lock bulletproof glass door -- try the handle -- but it 's never gonna open . on the other side of the glass , nelec rights himself , momentarily disorient -- breathe heavily , he move away from the bus door to the lock glass separate he from the kid ; he try the handle , but it will not open for he either . and there be Joe and nelec , face - to- face -- Joe see the fear in nelec 's eye -- he understanding that this be he fate . somehow nelec take this moment to look into Joe 's face -- to silently -- in a look -- repent . instantly , Joe know he 's about to watch this man 's life end . smash ! nelec turn -- the creature be busting the bus door -- smashing at it -- to make it bigger . so it can get inside . the Driver 's leg be caught -- he 's try to get out , but cannot -- be panicking -- as sssstab !!! the creature kill he instantly and smash as again it try to widen the door . nelec wince -- the only conscious man on this side of the glass ; the boy cower on they side , with each monstrous hit , all they eye on nelec -- except Joe , who only want to get to Alice . he see the shatter bulletproof window -- above they , on what have become the " roof " of the bus . joe up there , there 's break glass -- martin -- here , use I , I be strong ! joe lemme get on you shoulder ! charle I be strong ! the boy struggle to get Joe onto Martin 's shoulder as , on the other side of the glass , nelec scramble for hernandez 's fall semi - auto rifle . he grab it and scamper back to the glass as smash !!! piece of metal and glass burst like ice chip as the creature violently widen the bus door open -- on Charles ' shoulder , Joe can reach the shattered - but-thick window -- which he must hit -- break OPEN to get out -- essentially exactly what the creature be do , in reverse . use both fist , Joe pound the window . no give . 102 . martin cary harder ! come on , you pussy !!! with all he might , Joe hit the window again -- the slightest sound of glass adjust -- meanwhile , slam !!! the creature busting the bus door -- prying it wider like a sardine can -- nelec sit against the glass and open FIRE , futilely , on the creature . he make a call on he walkie : nelec this be nelec -- use the big gun . whatever happen to I , you take it down , you kill he -- -- and he drop the walkie and fire again -- the loud gunfire barely audible behind the glass with the boy as Joe hit the glass again -- bam -- a crinkling of glass -- charle you can do it ! Joe hit again -- so do the creature -- as nelec run out of ammo . that be never really hope anyway . Joe hit again and crash ! the window shatter ! Glass chunks rain down on the boy -- all cover they face -- cary see the creature starting to enter the bus -- cary go ! Joe , move !!! with all the boy help , Joe pull himself up -- outside the bus , Joe peek out -- the fuck creature -- its back to Joe -- just fifteen foot away , focus on the door -- and Joe strain to climb out here , onto the top-side of the bus . and as the boy climb out , the creature climb in -- first Joe , then Charles ( ad lib dialogue with cary and martin : " you gotta lose some weight -- " " I know !!! " ) , then cary , and Martin last -- they all jump down to the dirt -- they hear scream and turn back for a moment -- Inside the bus , nelec watch as the creature enter the tight - fitting bus , smashing benches , making its way terrifyingly down the aisle toward he . and as the creature descend upon he , in the silence before the final lunge -- nelec say , eerily quietly , terrify : nelec -- it be my turn once ... to find you . now ... it 's you t-- 103 . before he can finish , the creature fuck attack -- and it would be horrible and brutal , if the blood didn't spray upon the bulletproof glass -- which our camera be safely behind -- obscuring the nightmarish view . in the field , a distance away , the boy watch the bus shudder and shake . then ... silence . they see the creature burst out of the bus -- then run off -- fast and stealthy , away from they in the overgrown grass , like a native hunter . which , of course , be partly what it be . they be sort of stunne . charle I just sharteeze a little . int . greenville AIR force base hangar - night Louis stare off , lose . two AIR force soldier arrive : soldier you need to come with we , we have some question for you -- louis -- what , be she ... be she dead --? soldier two just come with we . stand be hard for heartsick Louis , he leg so hurt -- suddenly jack be there , act the role of Air Force : jack hey fella , I have get order from Colonel nelec to personally transport this man to base . soldier he 's all yours , staff sergeant . as the two Soldiers head off , Jack wrap Louis ' arm over he shoulder , head off in the other direction , as Louis look he over , confuse : louis where be we go --? jack -- to find we kid . on louis ' face -- a surprised glimmer of hope -- 104 . ext . transport bus - night moment later , tight on a pocket -- Joe pull out he mother' necklace . widen to see that he 's take the necklace from overmyer 's dead body . cary hold up he backpack . cary get my firework back ! charle ( who give a shit ) congratulation ! they turn : a car come , fast -- push in on joe who study the oncoming car , as behind he : martin they be come , man ! I think we should go ! joe no --!!! no , look ! the car arrive : it 's donny . he get out of he car , wild - and red-ey , incredibly happy to see they : donny Ho ho !!! you dork be alive ! I do not know ...! ( finally see the bus ) ... what the fuck ?! joe we need to get back to town ! donny hop in , man ! but you should know : I be massively stone right now . joe you want I to drive ? donny look at Joe , like it hurt to think . ext . lillian suburb STREET - night the catalina cruise fast through the desert neighborhood -- int . donny'' car - night Joe drive , donny be asleep . other boy in the back . 105 . charle Joe , where be we go ? joe I see something at the cemetery . woodward say it 's subterranean -- I think I know where it -- cary what 's that ? what be that sound ? martin guy , that sound like gun ! cary ( point to a tank ) what the hell be that ?! suddenly , boom !!! a deafening , concussive gunblast ! they be lit up by what they see ahead : in the oncoming cross-street , tank -- two of they -- and a rocket -launching vehicle FIRE again and again at something we can't yet see ! the boy cover there ear -- donny awaken , but only for a moment -- charle turn the car around ! Joe quickly turn leave into a driveway -- but we push in tight on he -- from the direction they just come be more tank and military vehicle -- Joe 's eye go wide -- they be stick . gunfire continue ! joe we gotta go by foot --! charle where ?! joe just follow I ! ( nudge donny hard ) ) donny ! hey ! donny , wake up ! ( donny half look at he ) we have to get out of here ! cary he 's too stone ! martin drug be so bad ! Joe and the boy get out of the car fast and run across the street , zig - zag between the enormous military vehicle -- 106 . ext . neighborhood - night soldier Sir , the weapon be misfire ! surface to air , radar -- all of they ! it 's a mess out here , sir . soldier hurry off . ext . neighborhood STREET - night Joe in the lead - they turn and look back -- a massive shot of the neighborhood under fire -- house get blown to shit in collateral damage . a explosion hit too close -- the boy scream as they run between house -- and we track with they -- four boy racing through a neighborhood under siege -- power goe out -- and some explosion be much closer than other -- another big hit and they go to a back door of a house -- and go inside -- int . neighborhood house - night -- they run in for cover -- they be silhouett in this dark space by the explosion light emanate from the window . they be all out of breath in a strange kitchen -- cary you guy see that explosion ? they be huge . martin -- whose house be this ? cary ( he hand he a picture ) Kathy 's . I get it off the fridge . martin Kathy ? oh , Kathy 's cool . another crazy loud and bright explosion -- the light fixture sway . Charles grab a coke on the counter . martin ( cont 'd ) charle Charles -- that 's not yours -- -- what ?! I be thirsty and I be in a war zone ! another fuck loud blast -- sound of glass breaking -- and the creature roaring -- 107 . and there it be , in silhouette , move past the bay window -- Joe realize : where the creature be , so be the blast : joe come on , guy , let 's go . come on ! Joe run -- the other follow -- cary where we go ? joe to the cemetery -- but as they get to the live room a huge explosion blows out a wall ! they all go down -- but Martin be in agony all of a sudden -- he leg ripped by concrete . if there 's good news here , the creature have leave this area -- the explosion get further away . but there 's blood and Martin be in real pain . martin what happen to my leg ? it hurt . charle oh shit , Martin , you gotta bone stick out of you leg ! cary there 's a hole in the house ! charle Joe , gimme that thing on the curtain ! Charles want the tie around the curtain , still hang on the wall that now have a hole in it ; military vehicle can be see drive past outside . Joe hand Charles the thick fabric tie -- which Charles fashion into a tourniquet , wrap it around Martin 's leg , tight -- joe I be gonna go find Alice - - you have to stay with Martin . Charles look at Martin -- can not argue . say , sincerely : charle ... you gonna be okay without I ? joe ( a meaningful beat ) ... yeah . 108 . Charles nod -- Joe look to cary : cary I be not stay with the girl ! charle God , cary . shut up ! cary calm down . martin oh , my leg hurt ! joe come on , cary , we gotta go . Joe nod , determine , and he and cary head off -- charle this be go to hurt . Martin scream . charle ( cont 'd ) I have not even do it yet . Joe and cary run through the semi-demolished neighborhood , many house shattered , some car obliterate . the only lone figure in town . ext . cemetery - night Joe and cary stop , out of breath , at the grave . cary so what be we do here ? joe just follow I . cary I have be follow you for the last five block . what be we do here ? Joe and cary run through the graveyard and over to the caretaker' shed . 109 . ext . / int . cemetery caretaker' shed - night they be out of breath -- they try one garage door , window cake with dirt . stuck . the second door . dirt-cake window . stuck . the third be a barn door -- they try it : lock . joe help I ! cary help you with what ? joe we need to get inside . cary for what ? what 's in this window ? joe cary , help I . cary it 's dirt . why be there dirt in this window ? joe help I , on three . joe / cary one , two , three .... one , two , three .... one , two threee . the two begin kicking the door together -- on three -- one -- two -- crash ! again and again , until finally the door kick OPEN -- and they almost fall inside -- and thank goodness they do not -- because -- and now we be look straight down from inside the shed -- the entire floor of the shed have be dug out -- dropping forty feet straight down , dirt pile , cake along the side of the structure . the boy catch they breath . cary whoa . this be scary . joe you get any sparkler in there ? cary be you kid I ? cary open he backpack , whip out a fourth of July sparkler . light it with a lighter and drop it in . the thing fall far enough to tell they it 's too far to jump . 110 . but burn on the dirt floor of the nearly - dig hole , it light up a tunnel at the bottom . joe -- Alice be down there . ext . road - night a jeep roar past . int . jeep - night Jack drive fast . Louis sit beside he . it 's awkward . but not angry . finally , vulnerable , scared and sad : louis I come to you house that day . to tell you that I never mean to hurt anyone . swear to god. ( beat , respectful tear ) I be sorry , Jack . about what happen to you wife . Jack look at he for a moment , then back to the road . a beat . finally : jack ... it be a accident . it be a accident . Jack glance at he . a small nod of forgiveness and gratitude . Louis want to cry again , but just accept it . int . shed - night Joe begin climbing down the rope . int . cemetery shed hole - night Joe land on the bottom . Dark as hell -- look up -- at cary climb down into the hole -- the barn roof loom above he . now Cry land too . there be three possible way to go . Joe 's mind race about which way to go . cary Joe , I do not understand -- we hear a distant rumbling -- like something far off , but mechanical . then : 111 . joe shhh . this way . they begin they walk into the dirt tunnel , a tall oval tunnel , twenty feet tall -- int . tunnel # 1 ( W / furniure ) - night we be so far away , that the screen be mostly black , with a small speck of sparkly light . they come to a area litter with the STUFF of a live room . they look up : another hole leading down , dug straight through a house . they continue , come to a intersection -- where a new tunnel branch off . int . tunnel # 2 - night there 's dim light from up ahead , where the tunnel bend . the rumbling / mechanical SOUND louder now . Joe and cary slowly move forward -- see something off - camera that scare and amaze they all at once . it's a hundre - foot diameter , forty - foot tall underground space , filled with a mechanical marvel -- a massive , bizarre contraption combining thousand of mechanical piece , from the missing microwave , car engine , antennas , and countless other device -- wire and cable hang and connect everywhere , all leading to the dirt ceiling , heading up , to somewhere above ground . the thick - with -fume space chug and hum with a slowly increasing pitch , as it it's warming up , getting ready to finally , actually work . they cross to the other side . cary bump into a hanging sheriff pruitt . cary be about to scream , but Joe put a hand on he mouth and lead he away from pruitt . cary it 's sheriff pruitt . joe I know . cary look . makeshift hanging bulb provide some light ; a number of other tunnel be visible from here , too . Joe and cary look at the space in disbelief . cary what be this ? joe we be under the water tower . 112 . then Joe see something that make he grab at cary 's shirt . cary look : through the Mass of metal and machinery and dangling cable , at the other end of this underground experiment , be the creature . hunched over . back to the boy . and it's savagely eating something . it move a bit : we see it be a human leg . Joe and cary would scream if they do not need to stay quiet . in a panicked whisper : cary it 's eat a person . Joe move away from cary to get a better view of the other side of the machinery -- and there he see , in a inset section of the rock - wall , three human body , hanging lifeless from there feet , wrapped in some kind of thin shellac . tight on joe as he see , among they , alice . his heart pound , he resolve quadruple . cary see she too -- joe she 's here . we be go to use you firecracker . cary I do not think it 's go to hurt it , Joe . joe there be other tunnel . cary so ? joe I need you to make noise . lot of it , right here , in two minute . make it loud and make it last -- gimme some sparkler . cary ( go through he bag ) -- why -- what be you gonna do --? joe ( take sparkler and a lighter from cary ) make sure you be go by the time it blow : you can not be here , you gotta run . cary where be you go ? 113. but Joe 's already go . stay with cary , who open he backpack , start pull out he amazing array of explosive , glance up to make sure he 's out of the creature 's view -- int . tunnel # 3 - night move fast with Joe as he race , a lit sparkler give he he light -- the mechanical rumbling all but go now . Joe run , look for another way into the creature 's massive space -- he finally find another intersection -- he turn into it -- he disappear down the tunnel -- int . tunnel # 2 - night cary 's make a long , insane pile of firecrackers -- he use a OPEN m - 80 and begin lay a squiggly , long line of gun powder back , away from the firecracker -- away from the entrance to the creature 's contraption space . int . tunnel # 4 - night Joe race down the dirt tunnel , the SOUND of the mechanical rumbling -- and its increasing pitch -- get louder . the sparkler die as light begins to reveal joe , who slow -- peer around the dirt tunnel bend -- he be now on the other side of the space . he see the creature -- then look across to the lifeless body of Alice . his heart sink . int . tunnel # 2 - night cary 's do lay out the charge -- he pull out he lighter -- ffft ! ffft ! the damn thing will not light -- cary -- come on -- damnit ! fft ! fft ! no go -- he keep try . int . tunnel # 4 - night Joe watch as the creature finishes with its meal and head for the other hanging body -- push in on joe , desperate -- joe -- cary , come on , come on -- 114 . int . tunnel # 2 - night cary frantically try the lighter -- fft ! fft ! fft ! cary -- damnit !!! he look up -- watch the creature grab and pull alice be lifeless body down from her hanging position -- it move with she to where he be eat the teacher -- cary shake the lighter , starting to cry and he flick it and fffffth !!! it light ! he touch it on the gun powder and run off -- int . mechanical contraption space - night the creature pull away the fibrous cover over Alice -- its tentacles slither out . int . tunnel # 4 - night watch this be horror , Joe 's about to run in just as babababababababam !!! the creature jerk up from its almost - meal of Alice , look toward the explosive sound , then leave her , quickly move for the tunnel -- int . tunnel # 2 - night the creature arrive in the smoke - filled tunnel , as the firework fill the tunnel with bright , multi - colored light -- int . mechanical contraption space - night Joe sprint in , get to Alice -- lightly slap she face -- joe -- Alice , please -- please -- ( nothing -- slap ) Alice , wake up ! nothing -- so he fuck slap her face hard and she suddenly inhales sharply , he eye wide , terrify -- joe ( cont 'd ) Alice ! you be alive ! can you hear I ? be you okay ?! she 's catch her breath , nodd , look at he , amaze -- 115 . alice what be this ? what be you do here ?! joe I be just -- do the best I can to save you . she grab he and hug he tight , teary and grateful -- during which -- quietly : alice how do you know ? joe you dad . he tell I . he be worried . and flipping out . alice really ? joe -- we need to move -- but she break out of the hug and grab he shirt , intense : tina ( o.s. ) Excuse I ? tina , a 24 - year-old , disorient woman with curler in she hair , wake up . tina ( cont 'd ) where be we ? int . mechanical contraption space - night Joe and Alice have help down one familiar face : sheriff pruitt . they be out of breath , but they survival instinct have kick in : tina I leave my bag in my car . then I go to my car to get my bag -- alice it 's be experiment on for year . it 's terrify and exhaust and hungry , it just want to go home . when it touch I , I know -- 116 . joe Alice , help I get the sheriff down . time CUT : sheriff pruitt follow I . I can get we out of here . joe sheriff , we come that way . sheriff pruitt do not argue with I . tina come on , kid , let 's go with the sheriff . Joe and Alice follow . they run into a tunnel . we push in on the mechanical device -- the pitch increasing more now -- as if it's about to " function " -- the creature return and see that the human be go . he take off . int . tunnel # 4 - night sparkler lighting the way , we be with Joe and Alice -- pruitt and Tina behind they : joe sheriff , I really think we be go the wrong way . pruitt we will talk about it when we get up top . they continue follow pruitt . cary ( o.s. ) Joe ! joe I tell you to get out ! cary I think this be the way out . I try ! hey , Alice , welcome back -- pruitt kid , come on , we gotta go . 117 . but he's looking back and he sparkler illuminate the creature that be right up ahead and tina scream -- they all do as pruitt turn and be taken , lifted high , kill in the dark as they all turn and run -- pruitt's horrible scream terrifying as the foursome sprint in the opposite direction ! after running hard for a beat : they haul ass , but after a long moment tina be grabbed away into the darkness !!! her scream continue behind they -- they run and run and run , but then boom : they hit a dead end . a dirt wall . no more tunnel . no option . out of breath , they turn -- but dare not go back toward the horrifying blackness . the only SOUND the sparkler , they erratic breathe and the distant increasing pitch of the creature's mechanical device . the creature be there -- forty feet from they , -- approaching ! alice scream -- she and cary more back against the wall -- and the creature move for they , but joe yell as the thing pass the firework : joe go ! you don't wanna be here , go ! cary Joe , what be you do ? it keep coming -- past the firework , amazingly backlit as it lumber toward joe , desperately try to stand ground : joe we understand ! we know how hard it's be ! but not everyone be horrible ! cary Joe , shut up , it 's gonna kill you ! joe you 're gonna be okay now ! and it grab joe and lift he -- Alice and cary scream as joe be be squeezed -- he look into the glossy black eye of this beast , which could kill he at any time -- but in this moment of fear come something else . simple truth -- he whisper , shakily : joe ( cont 'd ) -- I know bad thing happen -- bad thing happen , but you can still live . you can still live , you can still live , you be gonna be okay -- 118. just as we think the creature's gonna kill he : a distant mechanical tone -- the creature turn , acknowledging that SOUND -- then to joe again . it consider he . its eye ' covering peel away -- revealing huge , wet , vulnerable eye . and the thing look at he . really look at he . in a way , as you imagine he mother once have . and Joe feel this too . and after a long , scary beat , the creature sets he down . Joe back up as the creature turn fast and speed away . joe be stunned . shocked relief . alice and cary , too -- cary okay , wait a minute , what ?! then , over the high - pitched mechanical SOUND come rumblings - - like thunder from above -- and the three look up -- ext . lillian , ohio - MAIN STREET - night the kid round a corner -- on MAIN STREET , countless metallic object -- anything metal and loose -- have be invisibly dragge -- floating -- toward the water tower -- at different speed and with different personality , metal object bullet to the top of the tower and stick there . suddenly , the diner window shatter as a stove rip through it -- we pan with it as it tumble toward and up the water tower ! hundred of object move past they -- from bicycle to silverware and sink ! dishwasher and tvs smash through the town' appliance store window -- a tv float , unplugged , past the kide -- and it be on -- and show a episode from the twilight zone -- all thing eventually slamming into the water tower , the object beginning to crush together , forming one dense metallic Mass ! bam ! bambam ! sound like gun blast -- the kide turn : behind they be the red cargo container -- one by one that cube burst through the container : bam ! bambambam ! bambam ! and they slam into the water tower -- and they begin to form a odd , huge crescent shape above the tower ! Alice be cry - laugh at see it work -- cary -- what 's he do ...? joe ... he 's make a model . again and again , piece fly overhead , beginning to form what be clearly a alien craft -- light beginning to illuminate from inside as it continue -- one of the spotlight illuminating a jeep that have just arrive : jack get out . he sees joe . joe be surprised to see he -- alice concerned . 119 . but then the kide be both incredulous to see jack help louis out of the jeep -- the two men move through the debris in the street , stunned at the activity surrounding they , but focused on there child ; a tumbling typewriter almost take out jack , but he avoid it as it shoot up to the water tower . jack get to he son -- hold he shoulder -- look deeply into he eye , touch he face and embrace he -- jack -- I get you . I get you . louis , crying , desperately sorry -- and she sees this in he sad , wounded face -- she hold out a hand -- he take it and pull her into a embrace , hugging he daughter desperately . behind they , the ship continue to take shape , almost fully - formed -- but here , as he be be hugge by he father , Joe look down : something in he pocket be moving -- he consider it , confuse for a moment -- but he reach in and pull it out . he mother' necklace -- and he hold the chain , but the locket pull toward the water tower -- want to go . Joe know what this mean . he look up at he father , who also understand . and this be when we go into slow motion -- from here until the end . after a long beat , Joe hold the necklace up , toward the tower -- the thing pulling ... tear in Joe 's eye as he look up at it -- not want to let go , but know he must . Jack , heartsick , watch he son , on the verge of let go . Alice watch Joe , on the verge of tear -- except Joe just can not bring himself to do it , not now , not ever . but then something happen . pull by the invisible force , the locket pop OPEN . and we see what 's inside . a photograph of Joe 's mother . a young woman , holding her one SMALL baby . and Joe look at he mother -- and in this moment , she at he and Jack 's eye suddenly well with tear -- Alice , too , tear stream down she face and finally Jack reach out -- and put he hand on he son 's shoulder -- which be all Joe need , really . and finally ... after all ... joe lets go . our score soar as , in slow motion , the necklace shoot across the MAIN STREET up to the water tower ! and when it hit , the entire tower implode from pressure -- a firework -like explosion of water burst and shower the STREET as the majestic ship complete its formation -- and that 's when Joe see the creature , leaving -- climbing up the water tower and enter he ship -- and it begins to lift . as it take off , the weight of the tower be too much : it collapse into MAIN STREET . 120 . the ship rise slowly into the sky -- its pure white spotlight finally scanning the ground beneath it -- lillian , ohio -- earth -- a planet it be finally leaving -- int . / ext . house - night and we push in on Charles and Marin , who watch , amaze , as the distant light rise into the sky -- ext . driveway - night and we push in as donny sleep , the reflection of the rising ship see in he windshield -- ext . lillian , ohio - MAIN STREET - night Joe and Alice , Jack , Louis and cary watch , amaze , as the ship disappear into the night sky , we be tight on joe be hand , as it take alice be . and look skyward , Joe smile . as we score swell , we finally ... fade to black . the end